"I cannot believe you! You dare! Even after all these years to see the damage that blasted religion has caused!" Aro raved. "No it hasn't! Look at the good it's done, Aro, please!" Caius begged. "No! You and your mate, get out of my sight!" Tears streamed down Caius' face. "Look, just talk to Jasper! He can explain things to you!" "What would that hick know about Christianity?" Marcus demanded haughtily. "He converted both of us!" Alice spat. Caius laughed, the sound bathed in misery. "You know that's not right, A.M." She curled against him, smiling. "Right. Holy Spirit converts." "Shut up!" Aro barked. "Go to your room! Now!" Caius looked at Alice and she looked up at him, her eyes guarded. 'You always wanted an opportunity.' Caius swallowed and straightened. "No. You will hear what I have to say in the matter." Aro blinked at him in shock. "What?" Alice shook him in encouragement, and Caius took a deep breath. "You are against something you don't even try to understand. You never understood the Jews three thousand years ago, and when Jesus came along, you dismissed him before you even listened to his teachings. You were beyond 100% sure that he would fade like everybody else. Well guess what? Two thousand years later, his teachings are raging across the world!" "Yes, creating dissention in their wake!" "The truth tends to do that, Aro. The truth won't be suppressed. It will gnaw at you until you either accept it or deny it. You're just trying to decide without listening!" "I don't have to listen to that skoupídia to know that it is dead wrong!" Aro said, his anger now palpable. "Just give it a chance, Master," Alice said softly. "We'll answer all the questions you have and—" There was a blur and a crack, and Alice stumbled back, touching her cheek where she'd been slapped. Tears welled in her eyes as Caius hurried over to help her up. She looked like a kicked puppy. "I wanna go home to Daddy," she whispered. "Then let's go." They turned and began walking away. "Get back here!" Aro growled. They didn't turn back. The coven stared after them then hesitantly began murmuring to each other. Aro strolled to his chair and sat down, staring at the door and waiting for his covenmates to come back in. After two hours the door hesitantly opened. The room went silent as Ambra shyly walked in. "What do you want, woman?" Aro demanded. "Mr. Caius told me to give you this." She set the black bundle down on the floor then turned and hurried out. "We should get rid of her," Aro said distastefully as he blurred over to the bundle. He picked it up and it parted to reveal their covenmates robes. They unfurled and there was a clatter as two gleaming silver crests hit the ground. The room was frozen as the implication hit them right where it hurt. They…weren't coming back. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Aro was staring at the book. Well, actually, glaring was more accurate. Carlisle had given it to him as a present before he'd gone to America. It had laid there, untouched, for over a hundred years, yet it was preserved perfectly because of the blond vampire's efforts. The question burned in his mind. Did he dare to pick it up and study it? Well, it would bring Caius and Alice back to him. The two halflings had taken up residence in Carlisle's coven for the past two months. Aro couldn't be jealous because the doctor had assured him that they weren't looking to be a part of his coven. They just needed a friendly ear. But they also weren't coming back because Aro wouldn't let them go to church and study the Word. Aro swallowed and dusted off the Bible, sneezing hard as the dust got into his nose. He shook his head to clear it and picked up the book. Though he had vampire strength, it was very weighty, and he felt as if he couldn't hold it. But he was determined and carried it over to the chair. He opened it up to the first chapter. 'No,' he thought. 'They call it a book. Though how you can have a book within a book is beyond me.' Taking a deep breath, he began to read. It was written in English, and was in the King James. It was a first edition King James, which was impressive. But everything faded as Aro read through Genesis, which was a pretty accurate history, from what he could tell. Then Exodus, during which he remembered the stories from the Egyptians. Then Leviticus, which fascinated him by the sheer number of laws that this God imposed upon his people. Next was Numbers, which was rather dry, but Aro was shocked by the preciseness of the numbers of the people. Maybe there was something to this Bible stuff. Deuteronomy came next, and at the end, Aro was rather saddened by the death of Moses. He was a good man from what he could tell. Just as he turned to Joshua, there was a knock at the door. Aro jumped as if he'd been caught doing something bad, quickly putting the Bible back in its place before opening the door. Jane was standing there. "Yes?" Aro asked, keeping his emotions in check. "There is a vampire who exposed himself to three humans. The humans are dead, but the vampire awaits your judgement." "Right. Let us go see this vampire," Aro growled; he didn't growl because of the vampire's actions. He growled because his reading time was interrupted. He mentally paused as he walked with Jane to the main chamber. He wanted to read that book? What was wrong with him?! But the truth was, he was hooked. Once the execution was done, he asked not to be disturbed save the important things then hurried back toward the study. He locked the door so Marcus would know he didn't want him in there then grabbed the Bible and blurred back to his chair. He didn't put the book down until he'd finished the Old Testament. He then sat back and thought through what he'd read. It was a fascinating book. It had had poetry and prophecy and history! It was the greatest book of the ages! Aro frowned. He had so many questions. Maybe the New Testament would answer his questions? He flipped the page and found himself reading another genealogy. Even more fascinating! If he wanted to, he could trace this Jesus back to the Adam that was mentioned in the beginning of the Bible! He smiled. If this was false, when had they started making up names? Aro sped through the New Testament and found himself confused by the final book. It was a book of prophecy, and it talked of the end. Well, he was confused by the rest of it, too. There was the stoning of Stephen and the ministry of Paul. But the most confusing thing, by far, was this Jesus . Questions burned in his mind, much more fiercely than before. What was he to do? He needed answers! But who to go to? Carlisle and Caius and Alice were out. After all that grandstanding? No. Not happening. But…Caius had said that that country boy, Jasper, could answer his questions. The Volturi leader sat there contemplating for a while then got up and went to the desk. He got out the ink and a quill then sat down and began to pen a letter. Jasper Whitlock, If you cannot keep a secret, do NOT read any further and burn this letter. I have some questions about that religion that you practice, and I do not want anybody else to know about it. Especially not Alice, Carlisle, or Caius. If you cannot answer the questions, I expect you to be honest and tell me so, not make up answers just to convert me. If you write back, I will know that you will answer the questions. I will ask only one in this letter, and here it is. What is the difference between Judaism and Christianity? Cari saluti, Aro He sealed the letter in the envelope, addressed it, then hurried to Ambra. She looked up. "Yes, Mr. Aro?" "Please mail this. Expect a reply in a week or two. If none arrives, do not worry about it." "Yes, sir." "Oh, and Ambra dear?" "Yes?" "Tell no one. Or else. And you bring it to me yourself. By my orders." She swallowed and nodded. Aro went back to his study. Now all he could do was wait. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx There was a knock on the door, and Aro put the Bible away and opened it. Ambra stood there with Marcus. She looked frightened and he looked angry. "This woman says she has something for you, and that you ordered her to bring it to you herself. Is this true?" "Yes. Go now, Marcus." Once Marcus was gone, Aro held out his hand. Ambra slipped the letter out of her purse and handed it to him. "Good girl. Go back to your desk." "Yes, sir," she said, trembling as she half ran away. Aro didn't blame her. She had never been this deep into their home before. Aro shut the door and locked it. He opened the letter and sat down in his chair to see what Jasper had said. Though the penmanship was clearly written painstakingly, it was quite messy, contrasting to the clarity of the message. Aro, Because I know Caius, I know that secrecy can be important. I would encourage you to share your curiosity, but I will understand if you don't. I will keep your secret. Now, to your question. Judaism and Christianity are very similar in some regards. Jews believe in the Old Testament as much as Christians. It is the New Testament in which their differences arise. It all boils down to Jesus. That's the focal point of this letter. If you read Isiah and Micah and other prophetic books, you will find references to a Savior, or Messiah, that will come to bear the punishment due to us as sinners. Christians believe that Jesus Christ was that Messiah. Jews do not. They also do not see Jesus as being God, which he was. There are many references to the sacrifice of Jesus, including in the Psalms. Look up Psalm 22:14-18. Isaiah 53:3-6 is also referencing Jesus. After you read that, read each Gospel account form the garden scene on. See if you can spot the connection. The difference could be explained this way, as well. I assume you have read Leviticus, if not, I suggest reading it. If you take the time to count the laws, they add up to 613. The Jews had to follow every single one. If they didn't do so perfectly, which none of them could, they weren't good enough to get into Heaven. The only one who could follow the Law perfectly was Jesus Christ. He is the only one worthy to get into Heaven based on his own merit. And he suffered and died for our sins so that we could get into Heaven with him. So, to sum it up, the Jews still rely on the Torah and the laws to get to Heaven, on their own merit, which is never going to be enough, while Christians know that they can do nothing on their own to get to Heaven, and have to rely completely on Christ's finished work at the Cross. Basically the differences between Judaism and Christianity comes down to this: Jesus Christ is the son of the Living God, also known as God the Son, and is a part of the Holy Trinity, along with God the Father, and God the Holy Ghost. The Jews deny Jesus' deity, therefore, they deny a part of the Trinity, which means they deny a part of God Himself. That is unacceptable in