The sound of the horse's hooves hitting the pavement echoed in the cabin, the wagon seeming to leap up in the air with every single stone. The princess held her breath whenever she went over a notably large stone, on edge for the events coming today. "-Our king has spoken of nothing since your arrival since you sent word that you would accept his offer and live with him so soon, he has truly been beside himself these past weeks readying the castle for your stay and that of your colleagues." The guide continued, a cheery young woman of the same age of Lily and well versed in Lily's mother tongue for someone who had supposedly lived most of her life in the Grys countryside. She supposed it was nice to hear her mother tongue put so eloquently before she was forced to set it aside. If this was the last time she was to hear it she would be happy, as this young woman hit every syllable correctly. However, despite her joy at the cherry young woman's translation capabilities she still felt a rock at the back of her throat at the idea of abandoning her mother tongue for a lesser tongue, ruling a land she hardly knew instead of her own. Upon her parent's death, King James had immediately sent word to her kingdom that now was the time to fulfill their marriage, as his country did not dwell long on loss. No, rather she should move forward almost immediately and join him in his country. She had thought it quite rude of him, for what her father had proclaimed a country of god to not understand the period of mourning. But Petunia, dear sweet Petunia, she was set to arrive in a week's time with her wretched husband to take over the land. Lily could only imagine the cold reception she would receive when heard she turned down her suitor's invite. The glares and constant whispers of finances that would follow her from room to room if she dares to interrupt the plans of her sister. And so she sent word via his new fangled pigeon correspondence that the king seemed so apt to use despite the fact that men could still very well deliver letters by foot and began to pack. Nearly all of her worldly possessions of importance somehow managing to fit in only three suitcases, her childhood friend in tow as her last piece of home before setting up, he was unfortunately incapable of fitting in a nice luggage bag, for he came with his own of which there was somehow far more than anything that Lily had mustered. Antiques and dust, Severus insisted. Severus was, for lack of a better word, in a state of displeasure to be on the road to such a foreign country. She looked to him now, his face drawn in such a strained look as he glared upon whatever landscape passed him. He bore the brunt of the fear and concern when her parents died, she understood, and thus she let his unfavorable behavior pass her by. His hair today lay unwashed for another month, tangled and snarled black locks hitting just barely his shoulders. His eyes bore large bags that appeared almost bruise like and his nose wrinkled in disgust as it had been for a long while. He was against the marriage, of course, as any reasonable person would be. King James had only seen her once before and barely interacted with her before his parents had put his name in the draw for her hand. For this, Severus claimed, he was a fool. Her parents had thought it impossible and funny, for they lacked the funds for even their dear Petunia's dowry. They reasoned there was no way to pay such a dowry that a small yet wealthy country would request for her as well. No, rather they would set their sights on someone much lower for Lily, perhaps that would be best for her and her peculiarities. And then, like magic, their offer was accompanied by three large sacks of gold coins and a trade deal that would benefit their country greatly, the negotiators for the family somehow seeming to know exactly what a country like hers would be in need of yet having no way to know that themselves. Lily suspected spies but said nothing. And it was almost unanimous that her and James should be wed. Which was, to her, quite the predicament, because their first and only interaction had been rather unfavorable. They had only danced once, at a ball six months prior to the deal. He came off as too much. His hands gripped too tight, his palms somehow sweaty yet his demeanor was overly confident. She was taller than him at the time, he stumbled around and still tried to lead despite this. His hand, her waist, his pompous attitude, him obviously being the one to push her into the food table and then stating rather loud that he didn't. She was almost certain that he did hate her. And she was certain that she did hate him. Yes, if it was anyone's decision it was his parents, looking adoringly at them, seeing the future in their steps for certain. Unaware that as he pretended to attempt a pull at getting her off the dessert table he had offended her once more by stating that she was a hard one to pull up. His hand flew to his hair as he said this, messing it up further in a definite attempt to appear appealing to everyone else in the room. Severus had told her that James, KING James, was a fool and cold of heart, someone who would laugh at another's smallest insecurities. And as of that night, she had agreed. "She arrives at midnight today, might I remind you." Stated the castle scholar from the end of the breakfast table, a pile of toast smothered in melted chocolate upon his plate. He chucked at James's response of mocking him by tracing the bags under his own eyes. "Again King, I'm an insomniac, not a blind man. And as one in need of sleep to another in need of being well rested, I suggest you go back to sleep. The sun's only just risen, James." The prince, or rather the king of recent new status, rolled his eyes and sat across from him anyway, stealing a slice of his toast before the maid could rush from the other side of the dining room to him. "I can't sleep my day away, there's quite enough that still has to be done. I prefer that I not be asleep well into the day hours unlike my cousin, Sirius." A smile as the maid came with his morning plate, ignoring the snort across from him when a plate loaded with meat was plopped in front of him. "Oh, you're jealous, Remus?" "If I had wanted steak while the doves were still singing I would ask for steak. Unless you have turned the kitchen staff to a new ploy of fattening me up? To be sure the princess does not learn all of your secrets?" "I'll tell her my secrets before you even have the chance, Remus, if she looks as she did before." Another chuckle from Remus, James realized that his face must look rather foolish. "I don't know of that, your cousin seems to say she's become quite boorish." He retorted. "Sirius does not know my type, nor does he know when a joke has been taken too far." Emphasizing himself with rather large chews of his steak he continued, not bothering to swallow. "It's not to worry, however, I have sent my rat ahead of schedule, and he will return before her with all I need to know." "Peter?" Remus seemed enthralled by this idea if enthralled meant surprised that someone would take such a risk. "Good luck with that, I suppose he'll introduce himself as the friendly spy." "Don't be so offended Moony, had she arrived any other night you know I would have chosen you." The king replied easily. "And I trust Wormtail, I would trust him with my life and others if the time came. I know that he has the brains to escape any manner of trouble that cross his path." "You amaze me to no end, James." "I should, and so will she, when you are finally to meet her. I've heard from the visiting that she has a mind sharper than any sword our blacksmith could craft." The king seemed to ponder for a moment. "And I am sure of it that Sirius is lying about her looks." "I never lie." A voice rang from the door of the chamber, slightly groggy but still full of good humor. "I, Sirius of house Black, am incapable of any such imperfections." At that, the whole room seemed to chuckle. "Marian, a wine and cheese for our perfect friend here," James responded. The pretty housemaid smiled and rushed back to the kitchen. Sirius, a rather well-built man with raven hair of much better quality than most in the land and of impeccable cleanliness, threw himself beside the more slender of the two men thus nearly causing Remus to be thrown in the air as he hit the other side of the bench. The smaller man, unimpressed with his antics, eyed James, the taller of the three as if to ask how the other man was even up at this hour as the maid finally began to scurry out. As if in response, a scent of cologne far too strong for daily wear began to permeate the air, Remus released a struggling sigh at the smell. The maid returned with his designated breakfast, looking upon the man with doting eyes as many of the other castle servants did. "Sex. You've woken up at such an hour because of sex?" Remus articulated the reason for such crude smells permeating the air. "The pleasures of the flesh know no hourly boundaries." The man replied evenly, his eyebrow raising as both men seemed to slowly almost unwillingly agree. "Yet your normal lay is outside the castle walls today," Remus stated. "It's not my fault he sent Marlene to entertain the princess," Sirius stated simply. "I'm not for questioning his sexual endeavors when we have far more pressing matters at hand." James interrupted. The smaller of the two men nodded in agreement, but still held a concerned look upon his face when he glanced at the man beside him. A few moments of silence passed before the king decided to pointedly stand, rising far above either of them in height. He shook his head at the antics of the other two and began to collect his dishes to leave, passing them to the maid as he exited the hall. The two were left in silence, both having hardly touched their food in the time since the either had come. They would sit like that for a near hour, Sirius and Remus stealing glances at each other before Remus finally had the sense to clear his throat and begin to talk. "You're lying." The other man seemed to sputter, looking pointedly at Remus and then to the maid, jabbing a finger at the maid for her to leave the room. She hesitantly left, dragging her heels as if to argue her departure but not arguing with the cousin of the king. "Moony, are you mental? You can't say things like that so outwardly." "But am I wrong?" The scholar questioned. "No, I suppose not, you always were the more perceptive of our lot. James is always too preoccupied with the worries of others to notice," He seemed to realize he was rambling, "But it's nothing for you to worry about." "Well whom should be in worry about what you're hiding?" "Well not you nor I, so I suppose you should just leave it