So I decided to make this one shot into a two part story and I am so proud of this! I really liked how I did my two part story in my christmas series, so I decided to do the same thing here! Only Piper and Jason are the main characters. I was originally gonna do Percy and Annabeth, but they have their own story (aka Don't Leave Me ) Don't worry though! They will still be in this story :) I know I posted this Valentine's Day oneshots earlier but I figured why not? That way you can have something read on V-Day :) I do suggest to go read both parts of How The Eidolon's Stole Christmas , which is a part of my Christmas series. You don't have to but there will be some things mentioned in this story that connect to that story. So to answer everyone's question who had read that story, yes this story takes place in the same universe as How The Eidolon's Stole Christmas . So in a way, consider this as a sequel :) As always, I hope you enjoy this two part story and if you guys want more than I will continue in this universe :D Also as always, I do not owe any of the characters except the ones I created (Little Susie agrees with me) and I do not owe the lyrics below this authors note! Enjoy everyone! You got me scattered in pieces Shining like stars and screaming Lightening me up like Venus But then you disappear and make me wait And every second's like torture Hell over trip, no more so Finding a way to let go Baby baby no I can't escape - Selena Gomez (2014) "We need more pink on these hearts!" Thirteen year old Lacy told her siblings. "They can't all be red, Mitchell." Mitchell rolled his blue eyes, putting the red cutout hearts in the large stack. Another child of Aphrodite was attaching chocolate kisses on the hearts and wrote cute messages. "I honestly think they look fine," Mitchell says. "Red is the color of love after all." "And pink is the color of beauty," Lacy argued back. Piper couldn't help but groan at the pointless argument her siblings were having. They were just hearts! As the children of Aphrodite and part of the planning events community, they were working on celebrating Valentine's Day. This day was considered one of the most important day for their mother, besides Christmas and New Years. It was where everyone expressed their love for just about anyone and that gave the goddess of love some power boost. Everyone still believed in the concept of true love or that love conquers all, making Aphrodite a scary goddess. Love is literally everywhere, but it's considered more powerful on Valentine's Day. Working with the Demeter children, a few kids were making bouquet of flowers as well. Which they would be selling all week long to other kids at camp, who would be allowed to give to someone they love. On the day of Valentine's Day, they would also be hosting a dance at the amphitheater. The Apollo cabin would provide the music, while the Dionysus cabin would get the drinks and food. After their Christmas disaster where Jason Grace and Leo Valdez were controlled by Eidolon's, it took a lot of conceiving to allow the kids to have this party. Chiron was worried that either monsters would crash the party or Chysaor would make his appearance. Him and his half brother, Percy Jackson, had left bad blood with one another. As Percy explained to Chiron after the Christmas morning celebration. Either way, Chiron was worried that yet a new enemy would rise against them. But Leo and Jason have been fine since then. They haven't shown any signs of trauma or have shown to be possessed. So the camp had left to be on their own, since they were being supervised. Piper never liked Valentine's Day. She loved the idea of getting chocolate, but she just hated it. If she said that out loud, Aphrodite would most likely curse her. When she was younger, Piper would be forced to make Valentine's Day cards for her classmate and her father. This was a problem since she was the main target to everyone's taunting and her father was never around to get his cards. As sad as it sounded, Piper just hated it. Which is why she was surprised when she jumped at the chance to help out her siblings with getting ready for the holiday. Deep inside Piper, she knew she was loved. By her father, mother, Jason, and all of the friends she's made over the past two years. Also this Valentine's Day is very special to both Piper and Jason. It would be there one year anniversary and she couldn't wait. She had the whole day planned out. Speaking of loved ones, she sees Jason outside of her cabin. Leo had long turned off the snow machine and the sun shined through again. Causing the snow to quickly melt away. Something that the Apollo kids were grateful for. They loved the snow but just hated the cold. He was wearing brown shorts and the camps shirt. He wore his new Ray Ban glasses that were given by Chiron. After his old ones were ruined during the battle against Chysaor. His blonde hair has gotten slightly longer, just above his ear now. To Piper, he looked just as handsome. "Boyfriend alert!" Mitchell shouted, smirking at Piper. Jason came into the cabin, smiling at the blushing campers. Even they had to admit that Jason was good looking. Lucky Piper. "Hey guys," he waved at the Aphrodite children who happily waved back. "Piper." "Jason." They both kissed as a greeting. The Aphrodite children chanted "Awe," making their counselor blush. Piper excuses herself and takes Jason outside of her cabin. She peeks through the window and sees that they went back to work. She turns back to her boyfriend. "What's up?" Jason smiles, holding her hand. "Guess what Frank and Reyna just told me?" He says, grinning from ear to ear. Piper giggles, "What?" Jason quickly kisses her on the forehead and grinned madly. "They're giving me the chance to train the new campers for a whole year round!" He announced. "Isn't this amazing? I get to stay in New Rome with Hazel, Reyna, and Frank!" Piper wanted to frowned. Did he seriously not remember their anniversary?! She knows he has gotten hit in the head by bricks before, but she didn't think it'll affect his freaking memory. But she forced a smile. Jason would be gone for a whole year?! Just right after they got him back from some crazy pirate and now he's leaving again? "That's great!" Piper exclaims. "When are you planning to go to New Rome?" "Valentine's Day." Now this time Piper really did frowned. Out of all dates he chose the most important one?! Well not really, but still! As much as she hated Valentine's Day, she was looking forward to spending time with Jason. However he didn't seem affected by her reaction. Piper was truly convinced that Jason doesn't know that it will be their anniversary. "Are you serious?" Piper asked, rather rudely. Jason raises a brow. "Are you not happy about this?" "Honestly? No. As much as I dislike the 14th, I was looking forward of spending the day with you. Just the two of us." She didn't say it would their anniversary. That would make him feel bad and she just didn't want to break into an argument with him. "I know, but this is a great opportunity for me. Reyna says that the campers are getting restless and they need to be trained for their have been monster reports lately. I'll be turning seventeen soon and I need to learn how to train these the new demigods. Besides, Frank and Reyna can't do all the work. They told me that right after the war, new demigods have been getting claimed and the population is getting out of control." "But can't you wait until after?" Piper pleaded, not wanting him to go. Jason sadly shook his head. "Reyna said they needed me before Sunday. I'm sorry, Piper." The daughter of Aphrodite looked down at her shoes. She tried hard not to be or feel upset, but it was hard not to. Everything she had planned had gone to waste. Now you can see why she hated Valentine's Day. This sucked ass. However, Piper kept a straight face and softly smiles. She kisses Jason's cheek. "Okay," she muttered. "I have to go help my siblings with the decorating. We're almost done." "Do you need any help?" Jason asks, knowing how upset he made his girlfriend. She furiously shakes her head. "No we're good." She quickly answers. "You should go and hang out with Nico or something. He's bored without Will." Jason takes that into consideration. The son of Hades was just in his cabin. Not having anything better to do since Will was to busy helping. Megan with the patients. He might as well hangout with Nico. "Might as well." Says Jason, kissing Piper's forehead. "Are you sure you're okay?" Piper forces a smile. "I'm fine, Jason. It's all good." No, it's not. "Everything is so not good!" Cried a women who stood in front of a mirror. Putting on her purple silk Greek dress. Another women rolled her eyes, helping her sister zip up the dress. "If this looks lovely on you, Thalia." She tells her oldest sister. Thalia rolls her green eyes, tying her brown curly hair in a bun. "I just wish we can stop this madness! Do we seriously need to attend every musical party?" Her sister, Euphrosyne, sighed. "Sadly yes. You've told me and Aglaea plenty of times that this was our duty." "Somebody called my name?" Asked the third sister, who came in with a bowl of grapes and strawberries. She placed them on the table. Euphrosyne shook her head. "No one did, Aglaea. Our dear sister is just having cabin fever. Again." Aglaea giggled. "Why am I not surprise?" The youngest of the Graces sisters walks to her own side of the room. She uses an drachma and drops it on the bowl of water that she had. "I wish to see the most handsomest demigod." "Having trouble with Daniel?" Thalia teases, wondering about where her sisters relationship stands. Aglaea rolls her eyes. "I broke up with him. He considered music more important than spending time with me." She informed her sister, trying not to think about the son of Apollo. Euphrosyne sighed, "Well he is the student of Apollo and since he's a demigod, he's being chased by monsters often." "Ugh, whatever." Aglaea turns her attention back to the bowl of water. Waiting for her demand to be fulfilled. "Already gonna claim one as yours this year?" Thalia teases and was quickly shushed by Aglaea. After a few seconds of waiting the image appears of a boy. She awes at him lovingly, admiring his features. This was it. He was the one. Oh Lady Aphrodite would be so proud if she claimed this boy as her own! The boy was talking to someone and he almost appeared sadden. His electric boy eyes would narrow but then he'll smile. Showing off his beautiful white teeth. "Oh sisters!" She beamed in delight. "I found the one! He's aura is partially glowing." Thalia rushed to her sister to see who she had claimed as her own. She smiled, clearly approving. "He's the son of Zeus!" Thalia informed them. "I've seen him in Olympus before. He's quite the catch little sister." "And he's all mine." Aglaea's violet eyes hungrily stared at the son of Zeus. "Sisters, how about we take a trip?" Euphrosyne shook her head. "Aglaea, I believe he's taken by someone else." She says. "Look." All three sisters