INTERVIEW WITH THE MOCKINGJAY – Chapter 1 I needed my war to understand why my father never talked about it. My father was a Peacekeeper. So was his father. And his father before him. And his father before that. So when I was growing up in District 2, I naturally expected that I would become a Peacekeeper. That is, until I was 10 years old, and I told Daddy I wanted to be a Peacekeeper, too, and he turned around, pointed a gnarled index finger at me, and said, "No son of mine is going to be a Peacekeeper! Charlie Allbright is not a Peacekeeper!" That was the only thing he said to me about his work, before and after he retired. After the ceremony, he hung his uniform up in the closet, put the medals away in a drawer, and never talked about being a Peacekeeper again. He only had one thing to say about the Hunger Games, too. He'd look up from his beer while he was watching them, and say quietly, "Thank God you'll never be a tribute." Then he'd look back down at his beer. He had the Hunger Games on – who didn't – but he never looked straight at the violence on the TV screen. It was like he was looking a thousand yards into the distance. So there was always this massive gap between us. This giant mystery. Why a man who had served for 20 years as a Peacekeeper, earned decorations for it, would not want his son to follow in his footsteps. Or even talk about it. He'd talk about everything else – gossip, family, friends, what I was going to do with my life, but his work was the forbidden subject. He didn't attend reunions of former Peacekeepers, or go to their functions in the Capitol. The invite would arrive, and it would go sailing across the room into the garbage. Fortunately, my desire to be a Peacekeeper didn't last past age 10, either. Nor did I have to worry about being a Tribute. Every time they held the Reaping, there was practically a fistfight among my schoolmates to see who would volunteer to get slaughtered in the arena. And the winner of the fistfight was almost invariably the winner of the Games. Those that didn't make the games became Peacekeepers, anyway. I didn't think much of the games anyway. It just looked like the Capitol shoving their power down our throats again, year after year. At least we weren't like the starving scarecrows from Districts 11 and 12. By the time of the Second Rebellion, I was 29 years old, and running the district's official newsletter. Opinions were divided in the newsroom over what we should do – support the rebellion, support the government, or just hide in the woods. I called the staff together, and told them they had to act on their individual consciences. Then we shut down the paper. But I had a competitive edge all those years. While my schoolmates were learning how to hurl javelins and swing axes for the Hunger Games, my English teacher shared with me the language. Since I didn't have to worry about being reaped, I read her rare volume of Shakespeare. "You have to believe there can be something better to life than the garbage they spout on television," she said. "Just keep it to yourself, until the time is right." When the rebels invaded District 2, they seized our village almost without a fight. The local Peacekeepers fled into the Nut. Before I did anything, I asked my father what I should do. He looked right into my face with those tearful black eyes, and just said, "Join the rebels." Then he looked away, trying to avoid my eyes. The rebels needed fighters and writers. They needed fighters to win the battles and writers to explain the fighting to everybody else. I became a "combat correspondent," lugging a rifle, a notebook, and recorder, filing stories for Plutarch Heavensbee, who I never met. He was just a disjointed message or a rare phone call, saying, "Good job, Allbright!" Daddy didn't ask me about the war, either. When it ended and we won, I came home. There was no victory parade in District 2. I just walked into the house at the end of the road, and dropped my duffel bag in the door. Daddy came down the stairs, very slowly, and looked me over, looking a lot older than his 57 years. He wasn't much into hugs. "You made it," he said. "Yeah," I answered. "I'm home." It was all very anti-climactic. We just stared at each other. There was this long silence between us. Finally, I said, "I don't want to talk about it." He nodded slowly. "Now you know," he said. Then he solemnly shook my hand, and shuffled into the kitchen to get me a bottle of beer. I opened my duffel bag, found the little frame with my medals on it, climbed up the stairs, and put them right next to Daddy's plaques. Then I shut the door and didn't look at them again. For two weeks, I sat in the back garden, watching Daddy practice his putts. District 2, being a favored district, had a golf course. The Capitol had better ones, of course, but most of them had been plowed up by bombs and shells, and nobody was wasting resources on repairing them. But Daddy had this dream. Some day he would play golf in the Capitol. He putted. I watched. We spoke to each other in monosyllables. I had nightmares by night, and silences by day. Five weeks later, I got the call from the editor of my division's newsletter, George Altman, an guy in his 50s, who saw something in my ability and my background. He'd just got a cushy new job, taking over the Panem Times, the nation's "newspaper of record," which was, like the rest of the country, re-inventing itself. Was I up to reporting on that re-inventing, he wanted to know? Sure, I said, if it pays well. And if the train can get me there. "It'll pay well," he said. "And there are some really good fringe benefits. Of course, some of it will not exactly be fun, but it should be easier than the war." So I left Daddy to his putting and his silence, and took a train to the Capitol. "We need to tell the people what they need to know, not what President Snow wanted them to hear," George said when we sealed the deal over drinks at one of the few Capitol restaurants that didn't get wrecked in the fighting. "We are building a new and hopefully cleaner society, to replace a tyrannical one, and we have to report this process honestly and fairly. I need reporters who can communicate well and with compassion. "Compassion is the most important thing," George continued. "For the past 75 years, this country has been based on sadism. We have to teach people that caring must come first and the dignity and value of the individual human being." George was and is a guy with a round face and not much hair. He came from District 9, where they grow corn and wheat. His mother was some kind of grief counselor there, helping people with personal problems. He ran their newspaper. As soon as District 9 rebelled, he turned an official rag into an incendiary broadsheet. "Journalism is one way to advocate for the powerless," he said, swirling his Scotch. "We have to make people feel and understand what's happened since the Mockingjay won the 74th Hunger Games, what happened before, and what's happening now." Outside, I could hear the roar of armored vehicles. Ten weeks after the death of President Snow, and the Rebel army – now the Panem Army – was still patrolling the bomb-blasted streets. President Paylor had said in a recent press conference that until the Districts were being cared for, she wasn't going to expend resources on making the Capitol beautiful again. "I couldn't look Districts 11 and 12 in the face if I cleaned up Capitol streets while people are still starving out there," she said. "The people of Capitol City have to start sharing the burdens." "I'll bet that little statement went over real well with the residents of Capitol City," I told George as an armored car rumbled by. "Most of the population has become alienated with the previous regime by that slaughter at the Presidential Palace," he answered. "The rest have either fled or are learning the hard way. Our greatest problems are actually convincing many people in Districts 1, 2, and 4 that their culture of worshipping violence has to end." "You mean the people who worshipped the Hunger Games," I said. "And I'm from District 2." "Your District was the last district to fall to the rebellion," George said, "And you're that District's most eloquent voice. You can speak to the nation in general and the district in particular of the horrors we've been through and the need for positive change. That's the biggest reason I want you on this paper." "It has nothing to do with the fact that Panem has four competing newspapers and Plutarch Heavensbee's TV station, and that we have a national population of about 2.5 million people," I said. George smiled broadly and shook his head. "I would never think of something so crass." The smile faded. "But the offer stands." Needless to say, I took the job. I had one condition. They had to hire Kae Lyn Harrington, my photographer from the war. That wasn't a problem, George told me…she was already on the staff. They would assign her to me. Anything to make the combat correspondent happy. Two weeks later, I was occupying an apartment that had previously belonged to a pastry chef, covering the war crimes and conspiracy trials. I even had a maid, a former Capitol socialite named Calpurnia, who lost it all when a155-mm shell blasted open the side of her apartment building. She was very good on keeping up appearances. I think she threw herself into working for me to so as not to think about how her world had been turned upside down. I took me and her two weeks to clear out the stench of moldy bread, but I covered the trials for seven months. They were carried live on TV networks, so the whole country was watching the sordid tale of brutality, conspiracy, corruption, and most of all, contempt for people. There were few acquittals. They were starting from the top down, so I had to cover the trials of the senior cabinet members. I found out that a lot of working for a major national newspaper was not fun. Like war crimes trials, for instance. The defendants were all bloated sybarites, who profited from tyranny, sadism, and corruption. With their weight gone, their plastic surgery undone, wearing gray prison uniforms, they looked as repulsive as their crimes sounded. I had very little sympathy for them, and I know it showed in my writing. My bosses quickly recognized that these trials were making me sour, so they would send me to the new schools in some of the districts to give the "Career Day" pep talks to students. I'd talk to kids about how empowering writing could be, and they should become journalists. They would ask if there was a "fun" or an "exciting" part to covering these trials. Or about fighting in the rebellion. It's hard to find something "fun" when a widow is testifying about how her whole family starved to death while some bigshot in the Capitol was getting specially-cooked personal bread loaves. I didn't talk to them about the war. So it's been seven months of the ministers' trials, and they are moving on to the Peacekeeper leadership, and George is calling me in to his office