This is my second Twilight story, I got this idea the other day and had to go with it. It takes place in the timing of Twilight, AU, Twilight done completely different. It will go back and forth between Bella's POV and Edward's. I hope you will read it and review and I hope its something you want me to continue. *** Chapter 1 The Night I Died I needed to escape; I needed to get the hell out of my house. The funeral had worn me out past the point of functioning. The past three weeks had been excruciating. I knew that once everyone left, it would hit how utterly alone I was. As of now I had my mom's sister, my aunt, that my mom literally hated there trying to control every situation and every person there. We had friends of my mothers, distant relatives that had never given a crap about me or my mom ever, but now they were there, offering support and sympathies. I didn't want their sympathy or their help, especially my aunts. She cared enough to order me around and criticize me but not enough to want me. As of now, I was seventeen years old and was scheduled for court to become an emancipated minor. Most people didn't realize I had been taking care of myself and my mother for years. I was more of an adult then anyone I knew. The biggest problem was my bitch of an aunt was planning to sell my mothers house. She had no intention what so ever in taking me in or keeping the house so I had somewhere to live. I had money and my mother's estate so I was planning to get an apartment and finish high school then get a job and try to support myself. I made my way to the front door, I tried to sneak out, get away and go for a walk but then I heard her voice. "Isabella dear…where do you think you are going?" she called out. I took a deep breath and turned slowly, "Just for a walk Aunt Sue…just need some air." My voice was neither friendly nor rude. It was robot like, it had been for days. "Come here…now." She called out again. I grumbled under my breath as I walked toward her. She was ordering people around the kitchen, setting up more food for the stupid ass people that came to show their sympathies but looked like they were just there for a free beer or cocktail and food. "Yes." I said a bit more cheery. "Why don't you ask Walter if he needs a refill and you shouldn't go for a walk on your own, if you insist on going, take Joseph." I quietly moved toward my uncle Walter and asked if he needed a refill, of course he did. I retrieved it and moved back to my aunt. "Aunt Sue, I appreciate your concern but I would really rather be alone. Its been a hard long day, I wont be far, just around the neighborhood." She was about to shut that idea down, I could tell my her facial expression so I cut her off, "If you don't feel comfortable with that then maybe a drive would be more appropriate." Kill her with kindness, the stupid bitch. She looked at me with her pouty old face that was set in a perma frown and exhaled loudly. "God Isabella why do you have to be so difficult, we all lost her, it's not all about you." I bit my tongue, I was always polite and respectful, why to her I had no idea, I was just raised by my mother and I didn't want to let her down, even with her gone. "Huh Isabella…huh…why?" she was asking me? Before I could say anything someone I had never met came up to my aunt to give her condolences. "Aw Lanie, thanks for coming…this is Renee's daughter…Isabella…this is an old friend Lanie." She introduced me. "Nice to meet you Isabella." The friendly woman said. "It's Bella…and its nice to meet you too." I said politely as I shook her hand. I saw my aunt roll her eyes with my name correction as she continued to talk to Lanie. I eyed Kevin in the living room. He met my glance quickly and gave me a sympathetic smile as he pretended to listen to who was talking to him. Kevin was my mother's best friend, the only one that deserved to be there, the only person that I liked there at all. I gave him a soft smile back and focused on my aunt who had begun to talk to me again. I saw Kevin out of the corner of my eye, he never took his stare off me and got up from the couch. He was closer now, close enough to listen to my aunt. "You know I never met such a selfish child as yourself, these people are our guests Isabella…they loved your mother too, they deserve our hospitality. You are fine, if you don't want to take a walk with your cousin then you can stay here and help me." I looked down and took a deep breath. Kevin came over and looked at me, he looked at my aunt and the expression he gave her was anything but nice. "I think she will be fine Sue, if Bella wants to get some air, I'll go with her." Kevin said matter of fact looking at my Aunt Sue. He led me away to the front door with his arm around me. We took a seat on the porch and I stared out into the night. "Ignore her Bells, she is a bitch, she always has been." "I know." I absentmindedly played with my hands. I felt his stare again. "How are you doing Bella? You doing okay? Am I the only person who's asked you that today?" I looked at him and I felt my eyes strain, I hadn't cried in weeks and at all since my mother had died. She had battled colon cancer for 3 years. She lost the battle three days ago. My father left when I was little, I didn't know him and my mother was all I had. We did fine though but when she got sick it was trying. I made sure she attended her doctor appointments, took her meds, arrived on time for her chemo treatments. Truthfully now that she was gone, I felt helpless; there wasn't anyone to take care of anymore. After several moments I answered him, "I am…I am as good as I am going to be I guess and no…no one has asked me." I noticed Kevin shake his head in disbelief, "You know what's weird Kevin? I haven't cried…I feel guilty. I am not glad she is gone, but I can't help but be glad she isn't suffering anymore." Kevin nodded, "I know kid, I think she was holding on for you. I know its stupid but she is in a better place." He exhaled, "God I miss her already." His voice broke and I didn't have to look at him to know he was crying. "I do too." I took a much needed deep breath to interrupt the sadness and silence. "So…when do you leave to go back to California?" I asked honestly interested. Kevin looked at his watch, "three hours." He wrapped his arm around me and pulled me into him, "You know you could come with me. I mean Bells…I don't know how much of a father figure I would be but you know how much I love you and how much I loved your mom. I would be more than happy to have you move in with me." I looked up at him and gave him a smile, "I know…and thank you. I may take you up on that, but until my court date unfortunately I should stay here for now. You also know my Aunt would never go for that." "Fuck Sue." He said bitterly. "It isn't about what she thinks anyway, I don't get it Bells, she doesn't want you with her, she has something to say about me, she is selling your mom's house, what does that nut job expect you to do?" "No clue…I guess she wants me to suffer." I said it with humor behind it even though neither one of us really thought it was funny. "Let's not talk about her, how about that walk?" Kevin gave me a smile and I nodded in return as we rose up from the porch steps. We talked about school, my mom a bit and about his work. It was nice having Kevin there, he had moved from Arizona a few months ago but him and my mom were so close he practically came down every weekend since. They adored each other and even though my mother never felt more for him than friendship, I knew Kevin was madly in love with her. They had known each other since high school, always been close. He even took my mother to the senior prom, she was five months pregnant with me then, he was a good guy. As I listened to Kevin talk about his new life in California I heard rustling coming from the open desert that hugged my neighborhood. I looked out into the darkness but didn't see anything. We kept walking when this time we both heard it and saw something white flash about 30 yards in front of us. "What the…" Kevin said as he instinctively drew me closer to him. "Let's go back Bells." he said looking out into the distance. I felt a sudden fear wash over me, I felt scared and I wasn't sure why, whether it was the unknown or the still of the desert night, it was creepy and I went ahead with Kevin as he turned us around. We started walking back toward the house when again the fast motion of white went across us again, this time it stopped. "Hello." Kevin said cautiously as we both froze. The women tilted her head and smiled as she stared at us, "Can we help you with something?" Kevin asked hesitating as he took a step forward shoving me protectively behind him. "Hmmm." she women cooed, she was beautiful and her voice rang like bells. It almost hypnotized us. With in a flash the women was in front of Kevin's face. "I think you can help me with something…most definitely." she said with a smile as she winked at him. "Ok…" Kevin said confused by this beautiful young woman, was she flirting with him? "Are you lost?" Kevin said nicely. Another flash and she was behind us. Kevin wrapped his arm around me from behind and pulled me to his chest, "What the fuck are you?" he said in awe at how fast she was. She threw her head back and laughed. "You would like to know wouldn't you…you're kind of cute." She stared at him, her stare was so intense I almost felt uncomfortable being there. The women walked slowly almost stalking us as she walked around us, soon she was on the other side again, she flashed in front of him and ran her fingers through his hair, moving down his face stopping at his neck. She caressed him gently and them gripped it hard. Kevin let go of me for an instant as he tried to squirm away. "What…ever…you want…let the girl go." he grunted out, it looked like she had a firm grasp on his neck and it was hard for him to breathe. "That wont be necessary." My head whipped around as a man appeared. "RUN BELLA." Kevin yelled. "But…" I gasped not wanting to leave him, then I saw the women lift him off the ground by his throat and I didn't stick around to see what happened with poor