It was dark, the dead hours of the night, when the hovercraft rose from its pad just enough to clear the treetops, and moved slowly off to the north, away from District 13 and into Capitol lands. We would maintain our current heading until satisfied that we were clear of prying eyes and sensor sweeps, certain we weren't being followed, then turn west to head inland. There were reports of Capitol troops around 13, but we encountered nothing. It was the morning of the 3rd day of the 75th Hunger Games, Panem's 3rd quarter quell. District 13's attempt to rescue tributes from the arena was underway. The hovercraft, fully emblazoned with Capitol insignia, was the best that 13 had, and had been custom fitted for this mission. In addition to advanced stealth capabilities, it was heavily shielded against electromagnetic impulses, laser attack and photonic pulse weapons. It was fully armed with machine guns, cannon, pulse weapons of our own, air to air tracking missiles, air to surface missiles, and the newly developed, sight shielded hover mines. The craft's array of observation and scanning equipment was impressive. There was an on board surgery. In fact, the sick bay so well equipped that it raised protests of deprivation from 13's hospital. The hovercraft was fully equipped with grappling and recovery equipment for air based body extraction... hopefully the ladder would be sufficient, but two talon carriers were also installed and fully operational. It was a large ship and seemed roomy to me, but opinions can change over time. All of us on board were volunteers and, I like to think, the best District 13 could provide. There was a flight crew, gunnery crew, and medical crew. When the time came, I would help the medical assistants, doing double duty as part of the recovery team. And still, none of us knew if the mission had even a hope of success. The plan itself was far fetched: fly to the arena, distribute detector beacons, continue to the Capitol outskirts to pick up Plutarch somebody, and Haymitch, that told guy from District 12, and then return to the arena, position themselves correctly on its border and wait for the force field to fall. "A walk in the park." said Captain Anderson, "How I do love the Air Force." Captain Anderson was 30 years old and had been flying missions for 12 of those years. He was the old man on this crew. His radio man, Brian Johnston, just a year older than me, signaled an all clear from the scanner array. I was the navigator. I'm John Smith, 21 years old, and this was only my 10th mission. I felt good to be chosen. I gave the coordinates for the first leg of the trip, and we were on our way. Cruising at low level was necessary to avoid electronic detection, but it made for slow travel. At least the view was scenic. We sailed over forest, rivers and lakes. Panem had once been much more populated than it was these days. There had been an extensive infrastructure of roadways and railways that was now mostly ruins. Old roads and fallen bridges passed beneath us. We gave a wide berth to deserted villages, towns, even small cities, long overgrown and sometimes difficult to spot through the forest canopy. You never knew who, or what, might be hidden in those ruins. I kept busy making notes of this and that on the charts to be cross referenced to the records in District 13 on our return. The countryside looked deserted, but it was not. There were the other Districts, vast fenced-in compounds fully monitored by Capitol forces. Each district had it's own secret military base close by, and there were other bases, more secret and many unknown. There were other, earlier, arenas, still Capitol hotspots. The wilderness was peppered with Capitol parties and crews... everything from infrastructure maintenance, surveying, prospecting and salvage crews working the old city ruins, to hunting and fishing parties and lodges. Even some of the old family estates were still maintained by the ruling class of Panem. None of them ventured into the wild without a Peacekeeper guard. Constant vigilance was required. Full stealth practices were being strictly observed. Even a minor slip in these apparently empty wastelands might lead to discovery. We were well on our way as dawn broke over Panem. Already the forest was beginning to thin and the hills were falling behind as we entered the vast deserts and grasslands of the central continent. The hovercraft dropped even lower, skimming barely 20 feet over the ground on its southward travel. The arena, according to our informed sources, was in the deep south, close to a massive saltwater gulf. A finger from that gulf penetrated deep into the mainland and the Capitol had cut an even longer channel to supply the arena with it's central "sea". A huge river flowed just to the west of the site, and water from that was diverted for one of the Arena's many hazards. Where the river met the gulf there were the ruins of a vast city, now partially submerged. No one from 13 had ever seen it, had ever been this far south. The arena, by Capitol standards, was very small. We counted on the power it consumed to register on our sensors long before visual contact could be made. Twice we were nearly fooled and diverted towards power signals that turned out to be unknown Peacekeeper bases. Calculations said we were too far north, but calculations can be wrong, and it already felt like we had been airborne forever. I suppose those near misses should have bolstered confidence in our stealth capabilities, but we were too scared to really think about that. You can bet I made notes of where those bases were. When the arena did appear, there was no mistaking it. The signals got bigger and bigger until, at last, we could eyeball the force field, a huge silvery dome in the distance, the late morning sum glinting on its surface. "This has to be fast and sure." said Captain Armstrong. "Have the beacons ready to deploy, chief." Irving Carthage, the chief gunnery officer, was already on it. We had five beacons available. A wide spacing around the arena's perimeter would give the best results. They would detect and locate the lightning strikes in the 12:00 o'clock zone. Their data would tell us where to wait. Two would do the job, but the more we could set down, the more accurate would be the gathered data. Using all five seemed mighty ambitious. "Shut down the scanners." hissed the Captain. Johnson did so, but it didn't make any of us happy. "If their planes are sight shielded and in the air, we're dead." "Knock it off!" said the Captain. "They could detect our scans. They have no reason to shield. They don't know we're here." We all prayed he was right. "Fingers off triggers." ordered Chief Carthage. "We can't afford any slips." We were practically on top of the arena now. It loomed massive before us. We swung down its eastern flank. Our information we had said the hotel complex and hovercraft field was on the southern side so the tourists could enjoy the sun rise and set. The complex hove into view, a beehive of activity, but no sign of the hovercraft field. We were hugging the dome now, close enough that it was tugging at the ship's controls, but we managed to stay beyond the perimeter roads, over forested land. "Here." said the Captain and the first beacon went out the hatch. He backed the hovercraft out of view of the construction, turned and we slowly proceeded along the circumference of the field dropping beacons at regular intervals. The fifth was deployed as we came round the west side back into view of the construction zone. There was the hovercraft field, with three craft sitting in plain view. As we watched, one rose from it's pad. My heart leapt into my throat. Had we been spotted despite all our shielding? No, the ship turned and headed towards a pair of huge scaffolds. Bright lights flared high on them and what looked like a hole opened in the force field. The approaching hovercraft winked out of view and, moments later, the hole in the field closed. We moved slowly, almost drifted away to the west, away from the dome. The farther away we got, the more relieved I felt. A half hour later, the dome was barely visible, our scanner array was back on, and we were headed for the Capitol, the second stage of the mission. Sam McAllister, one of the gunners, sighed with relief, saying, "Well we got away with that." "Don't say it; you'll jinx us." replied Johnson. "It's like a hornet's nest" said the Captain, "Just because you haven't been stung, doesn't necessarily mean they haven't been riled. We'll be back here later, and then we'll see what's what." He looked at me and Johnston. "You guys be on the stick. I want every hotspot, no matter how small, coded and accurately entered. We're moving slow now, but when we come back, it will be fast and I want the computers sure of the route." Our new heading was northwest. Away from the arena, the terrain reverted to flat desert. With time it changed to rolling, grassy hills, and then the mountains were in view. I thought the area around 13 was mountainous, but these were like nothing I had ever seen. Even now, with summer in full swing, we could see snow capped peaks. But this was no scenic drive. The Capitol was drawing nearer and nearer and the hotspots, those areas rife with electronic signals, became increasingly frequent. It was broad daylight and we were headed for the southern fringe of the Capitol. This stretch of the trip really put me to the test. We were to meet our guests at an estate just outside the city's main defenses. There were plenty of Capitol defenses outside the main perimeter, but the mountainous terrain created a long. narrow corridor that we were assured was blind to their sensors. The estate itself backed onto a steep precipice. Our charts of this area dated back to the Dark Days, but they proved good enough (along with that Plutarch guy's instructions) to find the entrance to the corridor, and we traveled up it hugging the ground. At the base of the cliff topped by the estate, we released a small probe that soared upwards and scanned the park-like grounds behind the main buildings. Once satisfied that the area was secure, our craft soared up the cliff and into the estate grounds. We set down gently, switched off our shields. In no time, people were coming towards us. It looked to me like a large group. We had gunners manning machine guns and others of that crew, armed with pulse rifles and sidearms, formed a line outside our craft before Captain Armstrong disembarked. An older man, somewhat chubby and dressed in formal Capitol attire, stepped out of the group to greet him. "I'm Plutarch Heavensbee, and you are?" The Captain introduced himself and then asked, "Who are these other people?" "Some of them are coming too." said Plutarch, "This is my assistant, Fulvia Cardew," he said, indicating a woman who had come up behind him, "and these," he said with a wave of his arm towards the group further back, "are Katniss Everdeen's prep team." What a team! Surrounded by men carrying various rifles and gardening tools, stood three of the strangest individuals I had ever seen. They cowered together in a group: a man with bright orange hair done in ridiculous curls that bounced at any motion, an overweight woman with green skin (who was openly crying), and another, apparently older woman, with grotesque tattoos covering her face. The older woman, looking at the Capitol