1… It's the Day of the Reaping for the 46th Hunger Games. District 10 is dry and hot. Water is a problem this year. The cattle are thirsty. Water is also a problem in District 6. Too much of it. The residents feel like they'll never be dry. In each of the city centers, in each of the twelve districts, children aged 12 to 18 are corralled into pens for the reaping. No matter the weather, two from each district, one boy and one girl, will be chosen to fight to the death as tributes in this year's Hunger Games. The annual Hunger Games are Panem's most important televised event. They are broadcast across the nation and, periodically, viewing is mandatory. The vast outdoor arenas are saturated with cameras and coverage runs 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. In addition, there are summaries, recaps, performance analysis, statistical analysis, color commentaries, guest star appearances, and endless re-runs. There are pre-game interviews, mid-game interviews, post-game interviews and, months after games have ended, a nation-wide Victory tour… with interviews. The games are a never-ending topic of conversation, opinion and debate. And they are absolutely good. To question the games is to question the Capitol. To question the Capitol is death. The Capitol is the ruling city of the Panem nation, a city-state. It is supported by its 12 outlying districts. The games are imposed as a reminder to its districts of the futility of opposing the Capitol's decrees. They started specifically as a punishment for the uprising known as the Dark Days, as a condition of the document called The Treaty of Treason. Only the Capitol itself does not provide tributes. All district children are required to register at their local Justice Building when they turn twelve. They are required to join their district's pool of potential tributes. Each year the games remind the districts of how absolutely subjugated they are, of the cost of dissent. Like the districts need to be told. The Capitol tells their citizens the games are an entertainment, a hearty competition for Glory between the districts. Maybe that plays in the Capitol. It doesn't play in the districts. From across Panem, the chosen tributes travel to the Capitol in luxury and style. They are fed, pampered and feted. Crowds adore them. Their words are eagerly anticipated. And then they are sent to kill each other, as brutally as can be arranged, in a vast outdoor arena. Only one can remain standing. But wait! The one left standing goes home to a life of fabulous wealth and ease. It's strange how they never seem grateful, how they never seem happy. But the Capitol finds a way. The Victors of previous Hunger Games become Mentors to the tributes of current Hunger Games. Every year they return to the Capitol, return to the adulation, return to the revived memories of a past that will not be allowed to darken and fade. They return to helplessly watch the slaughter of their young protégés. Some districts do better than others. Some are more favored by the Capitol. In these districts by dint of their industries, or circumstances, the children grow healthy and strong. They learn skills that aid survival in the arenas. Everybody knows this, though to speak it out loud would be treason. Everything across Panem is fair and equitable. Always. Know that or die. But because these few enter the arena so well prepared, because they so frequently win, those in other districts sometimes think they pursue the games as a career. They call them Career Tributes, or just Careers. These few often form alliances early in the games to weed out the rest. That's a fact. But even for Careers… only one can survive. And it's not always one of them. District 2 is a Career district. In District 2, last year's Victor, Charis Morrison, is pleased with this year's tributes. As the most recent Victor in this favored district, she will mentor this year's female tribute. Her own victory fresh in her mind, she sees potential before her. Silvius Mason, the 16-year-old boy, is from a family of stonecutters in a remote village. He is unpolished, but tall and well muscled. He is familiar with heavy quarrying tools and knows how to wield them. Endurance and hard labor are second nature to him, and he has seen his fair share of violent injury and death in the quarries. The real star though, and this is what pleases Charis, is Ameline Lyme. She's 17, tall and strong. She's the top of her class in Intermediate Peacekeeper Pre-screening and has applied herself to a frontline career in Panem's military. Her ambition is to achieve Capitol citizenship. She's tough, confident, unafraid and very well trained for combat. She has even served as auxiliary crowd control in the districts. Her only flaw is that she sees the games as a distraction rather than an opportunity. In other districts, the outlook is not so rosy. District 5 is not a Career district. Felix Manse, a former victor and present mentor from District 5, looks at the two tributes selected for this year's games. No Careers here. His always-queasy stomach sinks even lower and he shakes his head sorrowfully. We're not even going to make the final eight this year, he sighs. His best thought for the day is that there is someone to co-mentor the female tribute, someone to take a share of the blame. In District 9 it's hot and sultry. A pale yellow fog drowns the city center in the reek of the refineries. Gathered on stage is the official party to the Reaping Day proceedings. The mayor of District 9, and official host, is William Turnwell. Along with him is Clair Beauvais, flamboyantly dressed, garishly made up, chaperone from and appointed by the Capitol. Tim Bothwell and Karen Noots are the District 9 Victors chosen to be this year's mentors. Not that there was much of a choice. A squad of crisply uniformed Peacekeepers lines the back of the stage, standing rigidly at ease. The view from the podium is not encouraging. The square is packed. It's not easy to pack the square in District 9. The refineries can't stop for Reaping Day, or any other day. Everyone over 18 is needed on the job. The children have been herded into their pens. The only adults available are those from off-shift and exhausted. The old and infirm. The dying. It takes the Peacekeepers to turn them out, to fill the square. District 9 officials do their best to put on a show, but the most frequent sounds heard from the crowd are hacking coughs. The most vigorous applause is desultory at best. Bad air, bad water, bad food… hopeless lives. It all takes its toll. From ground level, the view is even worse. Geoffey Lynx clutches Bobo close. He's never liked Reaping Day with mommy tired and in a bad mood. But it usually gets a bit better later on, after they are home again. Last year was the worstest. Last year he was twelve and had to take a bath and put on special clothes and not stand outside the ropes holding mommy's hand. Last year he was inside the ropes with the other kids. But they didn't pick on him. At least not much. They were mostly watching the grown-ups in the front. It was better later on. Mommy acted funny later on and didn't even yell when Bobo spilled the water. Even though he's just a teddy bear, Bobo should have known better. His short, curly, dark brown fur got all wet, and then Geoffey got all wet, and then the tears were very close, but mommy just gave them both a hug and sent them to bed. Bobo's shiny black button eyes glinted in the dark as Geoffey told him he was a very bad bear. Then Geoffey hugged him close and fell asleep. This year is even worser. It's hot and the air is stinky. His clothes are tight and itchy. Every time he moves some other kid gives him a shove. He's thirsty and tired. He can't even see mommy in the crowd. The old grown-up at the front is talking and talking. Grown-ups talk so much. Then the grown-up sits down and a funny lady is standing up. She looks funny and she talks funny and she walks over to a great big ball and puts her hand in it and pulls out something. Then she walks back to where she was before and says in a big, loud voice, "Sally Westerman." It's the same every year. The same grown-ups. The same talk, talk, talk. And then someone says a girl's name. And then all the kids move aside so the girl can go up to where the grown-ups are. And lots of times she crying and doesn't want to go. It can be pretty scary, pretty sad. Sally Westerman doesn't look happy. She looks sick, but she's not crying. She slowly makes her way to the front, climbs the stairs and stands near to the lady. Now the lady goes over to a different ball and pulls something out. This happens every year too. This time she will say a boy's name. Going back to where she was, she says in a big, loud voice, "Geoffey Lynx." Geoffey hears a loud wail that almost sounds like mommy, but he can't see her. It scares him. His name is Geoffey Lynx too. He's looking all around for the boy who has the same name as him. Then he sees that all the kids have moved away from him. They're all staring at him. He clutches Bobo close. "I didn't do anything," he says. A man dressed all in white comes through the crowd towards him. The man is called a Peacekeeper and mommy has told him he must do what a Peacekeeper says. This Peacekeeper says, "Are you Geoffey Lynx?" Geoffey nods. "Then get up on stage." What does that mean? Geoffey doesn't move. The Peacekeeper takes him by the arm and starts pulling him. Now Geoffey is scared. Where are they going? The Peacekeeper is holding too tight. It hurts. He starts to whimper. Bobo is scared too and Geoffey holds tightly onto him. Where's mommy? Now they are at the front and climbing the stairs and he is standing beside the Sally Westerman girl. "Let's have a big hand for the tributes of District 9!" trills Clair Beauvais. The crowd is mostly silent. Appalled. There is a small scattering of applause. A few laughs. A few jeers. Geoffey has heard such sounds before. It doesn't last. Somewhere he can hear a woman sobbing. It couldn't be mommy. What would make mommy cry? Geoffey looks over at Sally. She looks as sick as ever, but more… Her mouth is open and she looks horrified. And she's staring at him. "I didn't do anything," he says meekly. It seems that everyone in the whole world is staring at him. He's so scared and unhappy, but he looks at Sally looking at him and braves a tiny, tentative smile. No response. She turns away, lost in her own pain. He stops and turns his gaze morosely to the floor in front of him. "What did I do?" do he asks wonderingly. The Peacekeeper looks down at him. The boy is short but not unusually so, and thin. He is dressed in clean but faded clothes, clothes that seem a bit too small. He has an oval face under tussled light brown hair. The face seems fairly flat with a small nose and weak chin. His eyes are brown like his hair, and wide set. The Peackeeper has served at reapings many times. He expects the children called to the stage to be terrified and to look ill. That is normal here in 9. This child, however, looks more… confused. The Peacekeeper is baffled,