Running from vampires is not fun. Running from shifters is worse. Running from newborns… well that just tops the list of things to avoid, which makes it only natural that I be put in the position of running from a surprisingly large scouting party of them. Marvin stopped me dead for a split second and a male newborn went soaring through the air in front of us, allowing me to keep running instead of getting tackled. "How the fuck did you miss her?" Another male shouted in extreme aggravation and I pushed myself faster. There were to many to fight, I'd win because I always win, but I'd pay for it. Maybe I could do one at a time. Let's see, two on my right, four on my left, and three behind. Best to get rid of the four on my left first. I went for the furthest one, leaping off a tree and over their heads until I landed behind my target. He spun to attack me but I was ready and decapitated him with ease. The female that was beside him screamed in outrage and I felt a pang in my chest at the thought of separating mates, even if it was only for a moment. She ran at me, untrained and enraged. I allowed her three hits and a bite in recompense for her mate, feeling the cracks in my left shoulder, right hip and sternum. I spun her around, arm across her face as I prepared to twist off her head and she managed to bite down, injecting a decent load of venom into my arm, causing me to hiss as I tore her head off. Great. Another scar. Two came after that, one male from the front and another from the right. I stayed solid, Marvin appearing at me side, and we watched the brutish body language of the male immediately before us, calculating. At the last moment Marvin grabbed my arm and shoulder, spinning me around to violently kick the attacker's head with as much force as I could, separating his head from neck, not fully but enough that he went down and didn't get back up. Marvin released me into the air and the momentum carried me to the attacker on our right. My legs moved to grip his torso as I removed his head, causing us both to fall to the ground but I was the only one to roll to my feet. I flipped open the lighter in my pocket and tossed it on the semi-decapitated vampire, lighting a pyre that would allow me to get rid of any others that attacked. One leapt from my right, but Marvin deflected her into the flames. Another managed to slam into me, wrapping his arms around my torso and squeezing but leaving his head open as he sunk his teeth into the junction between my breast and my ribs. I growled and sent my fist slamming through his skull and ripped out his throat, my ribs ached from the bite and I had to pry his mouth open before throwing his head into the fire but I ignored the inconvenience. The throat quickly joined the head in the fire, along with the rest of the body. The last three turned tail and ran. I heard their footsteps retreating to whoever had created them and finally allowed myself an agonized grimace, clutching my ribs as they began to heal. "Are you ok?" Marvin asked, darting over to me and opening my shirt, checking my wounds, poking and prodding various places. I growled and cuffed him lightly, my irritation vanishing as he fixed me with his kicked puppy expression, looking up from beneath his messy ginger hair with his bright green eyes wide and pouted lips. "Ya. I'm ok." I hissed through clenched teeth, tying my shirt in the front. It made me look like some sort of sexy redneck because of the green and black plaid shirt, my form fitting jeans and thick leather belt. I didn't really appreciate the look but Marvin had ripped the buttons off the bottom of my shirt in his haste to check my ribs. Dick. Marvin straightened with a wide smile on his face as he reached forward and ruffled my hair. {He was my 'special ability', that sounds strange but it's true. I think it has to do with my large imagination as a child. I have characters; pieces of me that split off and help me, though not many people can see them and the few who can end up dead so… problem solved. They're definitely a tangible presence though; I've sent vampires screaming for the hills because ghosts were attacking them. It's pretty awesome if I do say so myself. Marvin's my companion, almost constantly. I have several others but they rarely come out. Alexa is a warrior but she only comes out when I feel threatened or if I call her to help me. She's the soulless version of me. She doesn't care what she has to do to get things done, and she's efficient and purposed. Magnolia, or Mags for short, is down right insane, adorable, but definitely insane. She is the one who is foolishly reckless but massively lucky, she's also the best at soothing and comforting other people, she and Marvin get along really well. Alicia, she's the wounded one. Any emotional or physical pain I go through she takes on, she screams for me, cries and looses her sanity for me. Her sacrifice keeps me collected and alive. Ishmael. He's crazy, like actually crazy. He comes out as an interrogator or assassin. Much like Alexa, he's ruthless, but he has a tendency towards cruelty. He hears people scream and cackles with glee. He's the most deadly of us all, deathly afraid of spiders though, like that makes any sense at all. Then there's me, Zaiden, or Zai, the combination, or rather the binder of all the others. I think the term, should I have been human, would be multi-personality disorder. But I'm not human, which makes me feel a lot saner.} It was easy cleaning up the six dead vampires; Marvin and I tossed them into the fire and left them. Everything in the area was wet from nearly constant rain so I didn't have to worry about the forest igniting. Marvin ran beside me as we headed towards Forks, where I'd heard there was a coven of vampires that were bunny munchers, something that piqued my curiosity. Alexa wasn't comfortable with idea of suddenly approaching a strange coven and it had taken Ishmael, Mags and Marvin to get her to let us, but eventually she'd relented and we'd been on our way. {That's the tricky thing about having personalities split from you, they don't necessarily HAVE to help you and Alexa is fairly important so I try to keep her happy.} Marvin and I skirted the territory just outside of Forks that reeked of wet dog, fully aware of the vicious abilities of the shifters, searching for any trace of vampire scent. When we found it I stopped dead in my tracks for a moment in order to piece together the various scents. Each vampire had his or her own scent and obviously every coven had a few members, but what I'd discovered? It was simply ridiculous. There had to be seven of them (a fairly large coven unless they were known friends of the Volturi), and though the scent was stale at that moment, they had to have stayed for several years, which was dangerous and outright dumb for any coven, even bunny munchers. One scent seemed vaguely familiar and I heard Magnolia squeal in excitement in the back of my mind but I dismissed it, tracing the scents back to where they would originate. Alexa definitely felt better after noting the lack of fresh trails. I didn't get very far before a fresh scent caught my attention, this one different from the others though it still seemed like the person it belonged to had been around the coven a lot. I followed it; Marvin quietly sticking at my side, and we silently approached a large clearing that I suppose would be stunning in the spring, though it looked fairly off-putting in the fall. There were two figures in the field, one a small human girl, her heart hammering as she struggled to keep a calm façade, and a male vampire with a black complexion which was fairly intriguing. " Protect the girl." Ishmael's voice rung in my head causing me to dart into the clearing, ignoring Alexa's growl of irritation and my own confusion. I grabbed the girl, spinning her behind me and crouching defensively, snarling at the threatening vampire before me. " Why am I protecting a human?" I asked irritably, clearly my subconscious had noted something about the girl that hadn't really clicked in my conscious mind yet. " Just do it." The fact that is was Ishmael, of all personalities, to demand the girl's protection kept my mouth shut. Alexa appeared on my left, Marvin on my right, not that the vampire could see them. "I would greatly appreciate if you would walk away." I snarled, feeling the girl's heart rate quicken and I ignoring it. Mags appeared and drew the girl into a comforting hug, not that the girl would know what was hugging her but it would still feel comforting. The girl's scent was easy enough to ignore; she smelt like those squishy strawberry candies that so many people liked. I'd always preferred the more salty dishes to sweets so I didn't really feel bothered. "I do believe I saw her first." The dark vampire stayed foolishly calm and didn't even crouch to defend himself. " Idiot." Ishmael snarled from inside my head. A twig snapped and I let Alexa check for what was in the trees. "Shifters." She stated and I just barely managed to keep in my verbal reply to her, Marvin didn't need to worry about it though. "Fuck." Fuck is right my ginger friend. "I do believe I don't care." I straightened up a bit, blocking the girl from view. He cocked his head to the side, scanning me and I saw his eyes widen when they found all of my scars. " That's right fucker, be afraid." Alicia's snarling voice startled me but I pushed my surprise aside. "Why should you care? She's nothing but a snack." I snarled and flicked my fingers behind me to signal Mags to keep on her guard, both for the girl's security and mine, Alexa's watchful eyes keeping me away of the shifter pack slowly circling the clearing. The shifters wouldn't like me very much and it didn't matter if all of my personalities helped, a pack of shifters would beat me in a fight. I wasn't sure why Ishmael felt protective of the girl he did which probably meant she was important somehow. I wasn't going to question him, after all, the personalities in my head usually interpreted information in my subconscious a lot faster then I did. Marvin sensed my confused irritation and laid a comforting hand on my shoulder. "Call me a guardian demon." I sassed, more to assure the shifters that I meant no harm to the girl then to answer the foul creature in front of me. He looked me over again, his posture relaxing and predatory smile lighting up his face. Alexa stiffened, her eyes narrowing and her teeth bearing into a sneer. I tensed a little, mind flicking to Mags. My tiny blonde self wasn't too happy with her job but she accepted it, relaxing a bit more when Ishmael joined us, standing guard just behind Mags and the girl. Having all of them out to play was going to drain me quickly and I sent a quick prayer to the stars that the need for them wouldn't last long. The human's heartbeat was