Pairings: Harry/Ginny, Draco/Astoria, Harry/Draco Content/warning: This is a M-rated story, touching/wanking but no penetration/sex. This story contains cheating, and while the ending is open, it is not a happy one. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters from the Harry Potter universe, thank you J.K. Rowling for creating them. A/N: This is my second fanfic, and the story has not been beta'ed. So please forgive me for any spelling/grammar mistakes. I made an actual invitation to go along with this story, and I can link you if you want to see it (The text is the same as in the story). I tried my best to stay true to the characters, and I used the HP wiki like crazy xD This story is a one-shot. Story: 5th of April, 2018 On the occasion of the 20th anniversary of the Battle of Hogwarts The Headmistress and the Staff of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry request the pleasure of the Company of Harry James Potter and Family at a Formal Dinner to be held in the Great Hall on Saturday, 5th of May, 2018, at 6 p.m. R.S.V.P. the Headmistress, Minerva McGonagall Harry starred at the invitation in his hand. He knew about the anniversary, Professor McGonagall had spoken with him during one of his visits to teach DADA. To be fair formal events did not bother him as much as it used to, after becoming Head of the Auror Department he had to attend his fair share. But they always took place at the Ministry, and only involved him and Ginny, when she had time of from the Holyhead Harpies. But this event involved the entire family – on Hogwarts. Add a bunch of reporters, and students willing to share gossip for a moment of fame. Harry was aware that Albus was struggling with people comparing him to his dad, and he had the feeling that the boy did not tell him everything. Surely all the students had been informed by now as well. Harry discarded the invitation, and went in search of a quill and some paper. He had to write to his son. Albus had been distant ever since Professor McGonagall had shared the news about the anniversary at breakfast. Scorpius had been dragging him to their lessons, and making sure to take notes. At lunch Scorpius tried to approach his friend. " Al? You must be hungry, you did not eat that much at breakfast. " Silence was the only answer. " Al, please do not shut me out. Who cares about this stupid party anyways! " Scorpius huffed and started to pile food on their plates. " ... They do... " Albus cast a quick glance around the hall before looking down at his plate again. " But who cares about them? You know I will be there to protect you. And our parents will be there as well, your father can.. " " I wish they would not come! He only makes it worse... " Albus yelled, startling the people sitting nearby. " Al, can we please do this somewhere else? Come on, let us go outside. " Albus was looking distant again, but a feint blush was present on the boys cheeks. Scorpius dragged his friend up with him, and grabbed some bread before leaving the table behind. The April sun was high on the sky, but the air was still chilly. The boys sat down in a sunlit corner nibbling at the bread, both avoiding the tension between them. Albus was the first to break the silence. " Sorry about before. I should not have yelled at you. " " It is okay, I should not have mentioned your father. " Scorpius looked at the other boy and noticed the frown on his face. " Sometimes I wish it was different. That my father was just a regular wizard. Maybe even a muggle! Anything to get away from their staring. " " Do not say that! What would I do if I had never met you? " Scorpius grabbed the other boys arm, and turned him towards himself. " None of us asked for our fathers. But you are like a brother to me, and one of the few people I get along with. Life in Slytherin would have been lonely without you. " Albus looked at his friend with wide eyes. Sure, having a famous hero dad was annoying, but at least people did not question if Harry was actually his father. He had heard some of the older students whispering about Scorpius and his father. And if Mr. Malfoy was actually his true father. Albus found the idea ridiculous, anyone who saw the pair together would see the striking resemblance between them. He felt the hand drop from his arm, and returned his attention to his friend. " Scorpius, I am so sorry. I will always be your friend, I promise. " The other boy looked at him with a sad smile. " Even if your father does not approve of our friendship? " 10th of April, 2018 Harry had not received an answer from Albus, and decided to talk with the boy after his DADA lesson with the sixth year students. He gathered his stuff and apparated to the front gates of Hogwarts. Taking in the castle in front of him he felt the usual surge in is stomach. Even years after first seeing it, Harry still felt the sense of freedom and the rush of magic burning trough his veins. Upon entering the castle Harry checked his watch and decided that he had time to pay a short visit to the Headmistress. Knowing Albus, he would most likely skip out on lunch when he knew his father was present. So Harry decided to try and catch him when he left from the classroom, hopefully the second years would have a class close to him. Professor McGonagall looked up from her papers as Harry entered her office, and gave him a knowing glance over her glasses. " To what do I own the pleasure of your company Professor Potter? " " It is about Albus, I was hoping you could tell me his schedule for today? " Harry answered, still not used to the formal tone from his former Head of House. " Well I suppose I could tell you. But do you think that it is wise to seek out the boy? " " I wish I did not have to, but Albus is avoiding me whenever I am here to teach and he would not answer my owl. " " Very well. I will ask his teacher to send him to my office after the lesson. Then you and him can talk without being disturbed. " Harry scowled, he should be able to just go and see his son when he wanted to. But the look on McGonagalls face told Harry that it would be useless to argue. " Thank you, Headmistress. " Harry rose and left the office, heading for his classroom. " Thank you class, that is it for today. Albus, can I have a quick word with you before you leave? " the Professor asked before turning his back to the class and erasing the blackboard. The rest of the class threw curious glances towards Albus, and the boy looked down and slowly started packing his bag. When most of the class had left for lunch Albus walked towards the Professor, Scorpius not far behind him. " Well Albus, the Headmistress asked for you to come to her office before lunch. " the Professor said, and left the classroom. " Do you need me to come with you Al? " Scorpius asked. " I bet this has something to do with my father. No need, just go to lunch. I will be right back with you soon. " Albus left the room and his friend behind, silently cursing at his father for making him stand out yet again. As Albus had guessed, the person waiting for him was indeed his father. With a sigh he closed the door behing him, not making a move for the empty chair next to Harry. " Albus, please have a seat. " " No thanks, Scorpius is waiting for me with lunch. " " No need, I had the house-elves send up a tray of sandwiches. Al, please come eat with me. " Albus sighed again, and dragged his feet across the floor. He dumped his bag next to the chair and sat down. " Now, why did you not answer my owl? I know this is not an ideal situation, but we are family. We can make it trough, together. " Albus just turned his head towards the sandwiches on the tray. Not that he was hungry, but he could not look at his father right now. Harry was studying his son, trying to figure out why the boy found it so hard to talk to him. It seemed that no matter what he said to reassure him, the words had the opposite effect. " I wish we could talk about this. You know I do not care about what other people say, you are my son and I am proud of you. " Albus squeezed his eyes togther and tried to calm himself. How could his father say those words with such ease? Of course he did not have to care about what people said, they all saw him as the hero of the Wizarding World. He was not the Slytherin Squib, the Potter failure. " .. Can I please leave now? I am sure that Scorpius is worried about me, and I hate to keep him waiting. " Albus said, his voice shaking a little. " Now Albus, I am sure that the Malfoy kid can wait a bit longer. I need to know that you are okay with the dinner party. " " It is fine! I have to go either way so thank you for worrying, but everything is fine! I need to go now. " Albus ran out of the office, leaving a confused Harry behind. 28th of April, 2018 Albus was laying in his bed, listening to the shuffling around him. People was getting ready for breakfast, but Albus doubted he could eat anything. A box from Madam Malkin's had arrived the day before, and Albus had discarded the box in his trunk without even opening it. He heard a soft voice next to his bed, and knew that Scorpius was worried about him, but respected the drawn curtains. " The rest of the boys have left. Can I speak with you? " Scorpius' voice had a hint of nervousness to it, as if the boy was afraid of being rejected. " Sure, come on in, I do not really feel like leaving the bed. " Scorpius drew the curtains back, and slipped into the foot end of the bed, leaning against one of the four bedposts. " Al you need to eat. You barely ate anything at dinner yesterday. " " I am not hungry. " Albus slipped back under the covers, turning his back to his friend. A hurt looked passed by the other boys features, before the concern showed again. " Al please. I still have some cookies from my mother, we could share them? No need to go to the Great Hall, we can stay here all day if you want? " Albus did not move, but his body visibly relaxed under the covers. Scorpius left the bed and returned shortly after with a wrapped box. " .. Did you open your package from yesterday? " Scorpius asked. " No, and I do not want to. Feel free to open if it you like. I will even give it to you. " Albus said and turned on his back. " Your dad would be furious if you gave it away. And besides I already got dress