CHARACTERS (Founders era): Godric Griffiths (Gryffindor) : Chris Hemsworth Salazar Sullivan (Slytherin) : Richard Armitage Rowena Rafferty (Ravenclaw) : Katie McGrath Helga Hughes (Hufflepuff) : Tamsin Egerton CHARACTERS (Golden Trio era): Harry Potter : Jonny Lee Miller Draco Malfoy : Jude Law Ron Weasley : Damian Lewis Hermione Granger : Rachel Weisz Ginny Weasley : Isla Fisher Astoria Greengrass : Marion Cotillard CHARACTERS (Next Generation era + OC): Teddy Lupin : Lee Pace Neil Collins : Henry Cavill Albus Potter : Aaron Taylor-Johnson Lynne Collins: Jennifer Lawrence Scorpius Malfoy : Alex Pettyfer Victoire Weasley : Natalie Dormer NOTES: The story is set thirty-two after the War. DISCLAIMER: I would love to own the Potter series though… "How could you do that? How could you?" "I did it for us! For the whole wizarding world!" "But, it doesn't mean it's right! You killed all those people." "They killed him. And you know they would kill more. You have trust me." "I can't. I'm sorry, my friend." "No, don't do this." Godric Griffiths woke up abruptly from the dream he had. In his dream, he was dressed in a very weird-looking garment, sparks flying out from the fingers of his right hand while his left held a sword. His best friend Salazar Sullivan was there too, also sending sparks at him. They both angrily yelled accusatory words at each other, the whole time striking each other with stream of light that gleamed dangerously. There one a bright green bolt coming at him, flying from Salazar's fingers, and before it could hit him, Godric was jerked awake because the plane had landed. He blinked his eyes a couple of times to clear the sleepiness and shrugged the dream away, even if he knew there was something about it. He had been having funny dreams since he was old enough to acknowledge them – dreams of him and Salazar. As years passed, and they grew older, their counterpart also grew older in his dream. Many times Godric wanted to ask Salazar whether he ever had the same dream or not, but never did he have the guts to do so. It was funny how a high-ranking major in the army like himself, respected by many others, could be so afraid of asking his best friend about something as trivial as a dream. Then again, Salazar was the most intelligent human being Godric had ever known. No doubt the notorious lawyer would laugh in his face if Godric told him about the dream. After he had picked up his bags and changed into civillian clothes, Godric quickly headed to the private parking lot, where Salazar had been waiting for him, thanks to the private pass Godric gave him as major. The handsome lawyer waved his hand when he saw the sight of the young major approaching him, a small grin playing on his lips. Salazar was the best lawyer England had ever had, and the cases he dealt with was often regarding national security and other important issues. His beloved Porsche was as sleek as the last time Godcric saw it several months ago, the glossy-black reflected the sun above them. The lawyer himself was looking as dapper as he always was, wearing a white-suit with matching pants. A black aviator was sitting on the crook of his nose before he took it off and tucked it in his suit-pocket. Salazar's grin was contagious and soon enough, Godric was grinning from ear-to-ear as he quickened his pace toward his old friend. "Thanks for picking me up. Again," Godric said as he hugged Salazar in the typical manly way guys always did. "I told you I'll always be there for you, right?" Salazar said, flashing his pearly white teeth when he grinned broadly. "So you can bet that I'll be picking you up all the bloody time. Glad you make it back safely, by the way." "It's good to be back. Don't get this wrong, but I actually missed your ugly face, mate." The older man laughed as he beckoned Godric to get inside the car. "I always know you can't resist me, love. Now, come on; let's get you back home so we can spend the next few days drunk as hell." Chuckling as he took the passenger seat on the other side of the car, Godric obliged and got into the the car. As the car began to make its exit out of the airport, the major couldn't help but to think of the years he and Salazar had been friends. The lawyer was Godric's best friend for as long as he could remember. The both of them had been together since their days in the orphanage, when Godric was only a few months old while Salazar was already six years old. No one really knew the details about their history before they got to the orphanage. But according to their care-takers, one day during a huge thunderstorm, the door to the orphanage was knocked and the sound of a young boy pleading to get in was heard. Madam Crowe, the senior care-taker, was the one who opened the door and found six year old Salazar holding the little bundle of blanket that was wrapped around baby Godric. When asked about their parents, the older boy could only give the old woman his name and the name of the baby in his arms. It could be said that kind and gentle Madam Crowe fell in love with the two boys and practically adopted them as her own, despite not having the legal documents. And ever since then, the two boys and the lady became somewhat a family of three, among the five staffs and twenty kids that also resided in the orphanage. Despite the rather huge age gap between the two of them, Godric and Salazar were inseparable. Even with other kids clamoring for their attention, kids who were much closer to their respective age, they preferred each other's company. In a way, they became brothers, even if they weren't related and were as different as you could get. Godric liked to think that they became really close because they came to the orphanage together, which probably set a bond or something between the both of them. But every time Godric looked at Salazar, a flash of dream came into his mind, and a sense of familiarity hit him hard. It felt like de javu, and the older he got, the more frequent those dreams came to him. Godric always tried to ignore them though, because he felt like it wasn't important at all. Salazar was his best friend – his brother. They had been together for as long as he could remember. It was always, and would always be, the both of them against the world. So, Godric figured that nothing, especially not some foolish dreams, could ever change that. Being much older, Salazar always tried to look after Godric. Even though sometimes it annoyed the younger man, especially when he was growing up and going through the rough stages of teenage-hood, he couldn't help but like the attention. They were brothers, and brothers were supposed to stick together through everything, always protecting and supporting each other. Even after years later, when they were finally old enough to leave the orphanage, Salazar was still looking after Godric as if he was still the infant the six-year-old brought in the midst of rain to the orphange. When Godric graduated out of high school, Salazar was there sitting on the front seat, and the man clapped the loudest for him, even if he had tons of work to do due for the next day. When Godric went for his first deployment, Salazar looked really proud at him as he waved his hand goodbye, though when the lawyer thought no one was looking, Godric saw a flash of sadness flickering in tose silver eyes of his. For thirty three years he had known his best friend, and the whole time he had thousands of weird dreams of him and Salazar. Godric had no idea what they meant, but he would always thank anything in charge of his life for Salazar's presence. While he chose to join the army, Salazar chose to be a lawyer. Ever since they were only kids, the man always had a way with words. He always talked himself out of any kinds of trouble he got into, and with the help of his devilish good-looks, he always suceeded. Salazar was only twenty-four when he first got his big-break as a lawyer, managing a case of forgery between two of England's biggest private companies. It was before his first deployment, so Godric could still follow what was happening rather easily. In the court-room, Salazar was ruthless. He had always been the smartest person Godric had ever met, and it proved to be a huge help when he was calmly but firmly affected the judge and jury with his words. When he was countered by the other lawyer, Salazar's composure never changed, his ever-present smirk didn't waver one bit. It was like he always knew that he was always going to win. Godric would never say it in his face, lest Salazar would tease him about it, but he was admired the older man. "Hello!" Salazar's cheerful voice snapped Godric back to the present. With one hand on the steering-wheel, the lawyer pressed a finger with his free hand to the button on the earpiece he had in his left ear. "How are you, love? That is so good to hear… What? Me? Well, I just picked up my brother. Yep, the army bloke I always talked about. So, why did you call…?" Salazar was silent for almost three minutes as he manouvered his car to take the road that was the opposite way from his bachelor-pad. The whole time, Godric was wondering who was on the phone. Girlfriend, perhaps? But as soon as the thought crossed his mind, Godric dismissed it. He knew he'd been gone for ten months, but he didn't think he'd miss that much. "He did what?" Salazar grumbled rather loudly. Gone all the smiles and teasing-manner, replaced by an inhuman angry look on his face that Godric only seen once back when he was only ten. When the older boys in the orphanage teased him for tailing after Salazar like a lost puppy, to which he reacted rather badly as he was the one who delivered the first punch. Still though, he ended up beaten into a pulp. He remembered that day when he hid in his room, afraid that he would make things worse if Salazar was to find out how he was treated by the older kids. True, when Salazar found out, he was ballistic. It was the first and only time he'd seen Salazar angry. (That, and all those times he saw the both of them in the dreams, fighting to death.) "I thought I warned you about – alright, alright ! I'm shutting up now. I'm already on my way to Elaine's. Meet you there, okay? Bye." "Your girlfriend?" Godric asked once Salazar hung up the call. His questions seemed to catch the lawyer off his guard. "What? Oh, no, no no. Rowena's more like a sister to me, really. We met around the night you left. I uh… I kind of saved her from getting harassed by some horny arseholes in this pub near my building. Turns out she works just a couple floors below mine. We just hit it off ever since." "Really? You saved the girl from getting a bunch of pricks and then you two just… hit it off?" Godric said incredulous, genuinely surprised. This brought a scowl to Salazar's face. "Now, you're being plain mean, mate. It's like I'm a total cock this whole time." "I didn't mean it that. It's just… It's you. You rarely did something heroic like that. Like, the Salazar I knew would call the police