CHARACTERS ( new generation): Scorpius Malfoy : Ty Simpkins Albus Potter : Levi Miller Rose Weasley : Raffey Cassidy Frank Longbottom : Finn Wolfhard Leonard Zabini : Caleb McLaughlin Dominique Weasley : Thylane Blondeau James Potter : Isaac Hempstead Wright Fred Weasley : Jaden Smith Victoire Weasley : Saoirse Ronan Alice Longbottom : Kaya Scodelario Lily Potter : Sterling Jerins Hugo Weasley : Noah Schnapp Teddy Lupin : Douglas Booth CHARACTERS (adults): Minerva McGonagall (Headmaster) : Maggie Smith Horace Slughorn (Deputy Headmaster) : Jim Broadbent Filius Flitwick (Charms teacher) : Warwick Davis Bill Weasley (Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher) : David Wenham Neville Longbottom (Herbology teacher) : Ben Affleck Hermione Weasley (Transfiguration teacher) : Rachel Weisz Draco Malfoy (Hogwarts Governer) : Jude Law Harry Potter (Head Auror) : Jonny Lee Miller Ron Weasley (Auror) : Damian Lewis Blaise Zabini (Chief Healer) : Mahersala Ali Ginny Potter (Chaser for the Chudley Canons) : Isla Fisher Astoria Malfoy (Head of Witch Weekly) : Marion Cotillard Pansy Zabini (Magi-Designer) : Catherine Zeta-Jones Susan Longbottom : Miranda Otto NOTES: This story begins from the Epilogue of Deathly Hallows, and this is a Scorpius/Rose story. Everything during Deathly Hallows happened, with slight differences for the sake of the story. And I'm ignoring everything from Cursed Child because we all agree that it's a joke and I posted this story waaaay before Cursed Child was released anyway. Also, I'm reposting this story because I felt like the original version was horrible, so yeah. Hope you like this new version :) DISCLAIMER: Nothing you find familiar belongs to me. They all belong the amazing to J. K. Rowling. And oh, credits to Marvel because I didn't come up with the title ;) It was April 2017, and everything was exceptionally fine, like it had always been for the last nineteen years. Minerva McGonagall looked at the list of students that would enroll in the year of 2017 as she sipped her tea from her favourite cup. She was supposed to retire that year. She wouldn't be back when the summer ended. But, when she read three special names on the list, she realised that she couldn't just retire yet. She had to to be there when those three were students of Hogwarts. Albus Potter. Rose Weasley. Scorpius Malfoy. A Potter. A Weasley. A Malfoy. Oh boy, McGonagall knew with those three in her school, her years wouldn't be as dull as it had been during the years she became Headmistress. As much as she enjoyed life without any eventful things happening, she kind of missed them. She practically lived all her life with them, and when there was none at all, she didn't feel like living. Old age be damned, she would never miss the year those three attended Hogwarts. She had to be there. Her decision was made. She was going back to Hogwarts. McGonagall took her wand from her pocket and sent a Patronus. It wasn't long until her fireplace flared to life, and someone's head was floating in her fireplace. It was Draco Malfoy, and he didn't look too pleased about bowing down in his fireplace to talk with his old school professor – especially when he was now an Auror, Hogwarts School Governer, and Head of the Malfoy company. A changed man or not, Draco still had all his ego and pride intact within him. "What is it, Minerva?" Draco asked. "I'm a bit busy at the moment and the only reason I'm answering your call right now is because – " "I'm going back, Mr Malfoy," McGonagall said, cutting Draco's words. Her former student frowned, not getting on what she said. "Going back where?" "To Hogwarts." "Hogwarts? Aren't you at Hogwarts right now?" "Oh for Merlin's sake, Draco ," McGonagall sighed, causing Draco to grin vaguely. Ever since the War ended, she began to call him Draco whenever he irked her. "What I meant was I'm not going to retire this year. Probably, not until June 2025." "What? Seven years? Are you sure?" "Positive." There was a pregnant silent, filled with Draco kept on blinking his eyes, until he realised McGonagall wasn't joking, and he wasn't dreaming. "Oh, okay. I uh...have to write a report about this to the Ministry. File in reports, signing up stuffs, et cetera, et cetera..." He sighed, running a hand through his hair, silently cursing McGonagall for giving him more work on top of his mountain-high pile of work. "If I may ask, why did you change your mind?" McGonagall smiled, and it nearly caused Draco to have a heart-attack. In the last fifteen years Draco formed a sort friendship with the former Transfiguration teacher, he could count exactly how many times McGonagall smiled to him. "Draco, you'll realise why when you buy your son his school stuffs." "Hey, can I join you?" a blond boy asked, opening the door to the compartment where Albus Potter and Rose Weasley were sitting together. Albus nodded. "Sure, why not?" Albus answered, smiling. The blonde boy smiled back in gratitude and sat across Albus and Rose. It was the first of September in the year of 2017, the first time Albus and Rose would be on the Hogwarts Express. Albus' older-by-two-year brother, James, was nowhere to be found. The younger Potter brother reckoned his brother had probably gone to see his friends. It wasn't like James ever took notice of him. They were close, yes, but the fact that James was older made him acted all with Albus. It really annoyed the green-eyed lad. "I'm Scorpius Malfoy, by the way," the blond boy introduced himself, causing Rose to flinch quite visibly. If he saw it, Scorpius did a great job ignoring her. "Nice meeting you, Scorpius. My name is – " "Albus Potter," Scorpius cut in. "Your aunt has mentioned you a few times when she went to our house over the summer for her charity project she had with my mother." "You mean, my mother?" Rose interrupted before Albus could say anything. Scorpius' grey eyes observed Rose for awhile, and slowly his lips tugged into the most arrogant smirk Rose had ever seen in her life. "Ah, so you're Rose Weasley? Should have known. No other redhead exists on this train but the Weasleys," Scorpius said casually. Albus had no problem with Scorpius teasing his cousin, but he was very much worried about his safety if the two began to do some really amateur duel. "My father has warned me about you, you know," Rose said briskly. Scorpius tilted an eye brow and he leaned closer toward Rose. "Oh really? Did he say about my parents? And to be wary of me? Or perhaps about beating me in every single thing, may it be academical or Quidditch. Which one?" "All of the above." "Huh. Thought so.. .Midget." Rose gasped, waving her hand around wildly. It had always been a sensitive topic about Rose's considerably small-build that she inherited from her mother. Scorpius leaned back in his seat, looking incredibly satisfied. Albus was finding it hard in him to stop himself from laughing. "What's wrong, Weasley? No more comeback? Cat got your tongue?" Scorpius mocked. "You... You..." Rose trailed off before letting out a loud shriek that made Albus cringed, and stormed out of the compartment without saying anything but curses toward the blond that was laughing loudly in his seat. Albus had to give it to him. No one ever made Rose that angry and lived to tell the tale. She was that scary. "Good one there, Malfoy," Albus said, taking a seat beside him. "I'm pretty sure you just successfully made yourself as Rose's biggest enemy." "Sorry. I just can't help it," Scorpius chuckled, trying to calm himself. "Your cousin's reaction is just too interesting to ignore." Albus gave out his hand. It made Scorpius stopped laughing almost immediately, his grey eyes stared at Albus' hand warrily, as if he was afraid that Albus would try to kill him. The green eyed boy realised it, and it caused him to roll his eyes in annoyance. He grabbed Scorpius' hand roughly and shook it. "Friends?" Albus offered. It took Scorpius awhile to digest Albus' word, but when he saw there was no trick in Albus' offer, he smiled so wide Albus found himself smiling as well. "Best friends." Scorpius' and Albus' eyes widened in epic proportion by the time Hogwarts came into view. They had seen the pictures of Hogwarts a lot of times already, but it felt like Hogwarts looked a thousand times more beautiful when they saw it with their own eyes. They had never left each other's side, always talking about stuffs that they had in common. Albus wasn't as worried as he originally was about the possibility getting into Slytherin, because Scorpius had promised that he'd always be Albus' friend, whether Albus was a Slytherin or Gryffindor or whatever – even if he was a Hufflepuff. They had only known each other for a few hours, but they felt like they had been friends for ages. Albus remembered that it was exactly the same way with his father and Ron Weasley. They got along almost instantly. "Oh, I'm sorry!" a boy said when he had walked right onto Scorpius' back. "Nah, it's okay. I really don't – Leonard?" Scorpius exclaimed. The boy quickly took a good look at Scorpius, before he laughed out loud. " Scorpy! Merlin's fat arse, I never thought I'd see you here! Didn't your mother say she was going to have you sent to Beauxbatons?" he said. "First of all, Lenny , don't ever call me Scorpy again," Scorpius said, slapping the back of Leonard's head. "And about me being here... Well, dearest daddy thought that it was better for me to mingle around with others. I've to agree with him about it." "My blond friend, when exactly it is that you don't agree with your father?. You adore him like hell!" Scorpius grinned sheepishly in return. "Good point," he said. His grey eyes caught Albus' green ones, and he decided to introduce the both of them. "Leon, my friend, let me introduce you with the awesomely great Albus Potter. And Albus, meet my old friend, old neighbour, and old slave, Leonard Zabini. You can also call him Leon, or my personal favourite, Lenny." "Hullo," Albus said, waving his hand. Leon waved back, but not before he gave Scorpius the finger. "Hey there, Potter. I can't believe you're friends with Scorpius so quick already. He's so picky when it comes to having friends," Leon said. Albus shrugged. "He happened to tease my very emotional cousin, and managed to stay alive, unharm and unscathed. I thought someone which such ability deserved to be my friend," Albus explained. "And I happened to enjoy his company very much," Scorpius added. "Seriously, Leon, he's a much better friend than you are." "I'm hurt, Scorp. Really, I'm hurt," Leon said dryly. "But, I don't care about you. You're dead to me ages ago. Now, Potter boy, tell me about this cousin of yours. Is he a guy or a girl? If it's a guy, I really need to talk to him and ask him to be my new friend. If it's a she... Well, be honest, is she pretty or is she ugly like you? Be honest, Potter!" "My cousin is a girl. Her name is Rose Weasley." "The one with that fiery red hair?" "Yeah. Why?" "Oh, dang. She just made it official that she hates my guts." "Really? What happened?" Scorpius asked. Leon sighed dramatically. "Uh, long story short, I think I sort of called her some names such as the Flaming Head. And then she poked my eyes, nearly blinded me actually, and screamed in my face that if she ever saw me again, she'd skin me alive." "Bloody hell, is your cousin the reincarnation of Bellatrix Lestrange?" Scorpius commented. Albus could only shrug, because another boy had bumped onto his back.