First Harry Potter fiction. So to celebrate, here's a long one-shot :) My second favourite HP pairing, Drarry. When the biggest war- not only Hogwarts has ever seen but the whole wizarding community- was won, all everyone wanted to do was celebrate. All Harry Potter wanted to do was sleep. His best friends, Ron and Hermione talked him into staying for one drink. One drink quickly turned into more and when he woke up the next morning, he not only had a splitting headache, but he was also naked. Memories came flooding back to him when he realized who he was with. Warnings: Sexual activity. Slash. Could be bad spelling and/or grammar. All mistakes are my own and Microsoft Words. I am Australian, so I use spelling like mum, favourite, colour ect. Enjoy! The war was won. Harry knew he would win as soon as Voldemort started listening to him explain everything. As much as a dark lord Voldemort was, he was also very clueless and curious. As soon as Voldemort fired the killing curse, Avada Kadava, Harry fired his signature spell, expelliarmus. It hadn't failed him yet, why would it start now? Harry knew he was right about the elder wand knowing he was the true master when Voldemort's spell backfired and hit him instead. He went flying backwards and the whole crowd cheered. It didn't hit Harry at first, but then, after shaking hands with pretty much the entire crowd, it occurred to him that it was over. There was no longer a bad guy. The death-eaters would soon be arrested. There would be no fear anymore. At least, no extra fear. Everyone wanted to party. Harry wanted to sleep. He hadn't slept for a few days, favouring instead to destroy the final Horcrux's then Voldemort himself. "Come on, Harry. How many times in your life can you say you destroyed the darkest lord this world has ever seen?" Ron Weasley questioned Harry. "Well, actually Ron, I can say that I have twice." "The first doesn't count. It was your mother that saved you that night, Harry." "Just like I saved Neville and the rest of you tonight from being touched by him. I haven't slept in days. I just want one night where I can put my feet up and relax. Get some sleep." "You can relax while you have a drink, mate. Come on, just one drink." Harry sighed. "Okay, just one. What's the worst that can happen?" "I'm so glad your okay, Draco, dear," Narcissa Malfoy said and kissed her son on top of his head. Draco tried pushing her away. "Okay, mum, I love you too, but you can stop fussing over me." Lucius was sitting in an arm chair near them. "This boy betrayed the dark lord." Narcissa gasped. "How could you say that?" "If he didn't let Potter disarm him while they were here, the wand would have belonged to Draco and might've listened to the dark lord's wishes." Draco's eyes narrowed. "It is not my fault. How was I to know the wand I disarmed Dumbledore of was the elder wand? How was I to know I was the true master of it? How was I to know it would know I was disarmed by Potter just last week?" Lucius turned away from the mother and son. "You just shouldn't have let Potter disarm you. That is not what a Malfoy does." "Well, is this something a Malfoy does?" Draco asked and started walking away. "Where are you going, boy?" "Out. There would have to be some sort of party going on tonight." With that, Draco left his house. A few hours later found Harry stumbling around Hogwarts, drunk. Drunk as a skunk, some might say. Harry never did understand that saying. Who had ever seen a skunk drunk? He certainly hadn't. He was getting entertained by the simplest things. Ron and Hermione had run off together, long ago. Harry had even gone up to their bedrooms and heard Hermione's giggle come from Ron's bed. He smiled and left them alone. He was walking along a corridor that was actually pretty dark. He pulled his wand out and said "Lumos." He laughed when the light came on the end of his wand. "Nox," he then said and the place went back to darkness. Being in the state he was, he had no problem doing that a few more times. It wasn't until he heard some noise behind him when he turned the light back on and left it on. "Hello?" he asked the seemingly empty corridor when he turned around. "That better not be Voldemort's ghost, here to haunt me," he slurred. "Voldemort's ghost? That's the best you can come up with?" a new voice said. Harry whirled around and faced the direction of the voice. Then out of the shadows walked Draco Malfoy. He was clearly drunk too, just not as drunk as Harry. "Hey, it could happen. What are you doing here anyway, Malfoy?" "Well, I was here for the studying, but it seems like tonight is some kind of party." "That's because I killed your lord." "Just because my family are death-eaters, doesn't mean I want to be. Sure, at first I did, but then when I was ordered to kill Dumbledore and I realized I couldn't Voldemort was treating me and my family like shit." He looked down. "I never want to be ordered to kill someone again!" Harry looked down too. He immediately felt guilty for assuming Malfoy would be on Voldemort's side. He had found out that not everyone was like their fathers. He himself was not like his father. Sure, he had the same bravery and trouble-making habits, but his father bullied people. Namely Severus Snape. Harry had never bullied anyone and never wanted to bully anyone. "Listen, I know during our whole schooling years, here, we've hated each other, but I would like to change that. We don't need to hate each other." Harry remembered Draco looking at him as if he was begging. "They say people change when they leave school. We've both had the year off." Draco looked at Harry, hopefully. "Why don't we talk somewhere no one will find us?" He grabbed Draco's hand and they took off. They apparated directly into Draco's room. They had to be quiet though. Lucius would not be happy if he found out Harry Potter was under his roof again. This time not as a prisoner, but as his son's guest. Harry didn't know what he was doing, but whatever it was felt right. He just kept going with the flow. As soon as Draco turned back to face him after locking his bedroom door, he was pressed against it and his lips came in contact with someone else's. It was obvious whose lips they were but he didn't mind. He had wanted to experiment and with the alcohol in his system he felt tonight was as good a night as ever. Harry's hands ran up Draco and rested in his hair, while Draco's hands went around Harry's waist. They pulled each into themselves and deepened the kiss. When Harry eventually pulled back for air, he opened his mouth to speak. "Wow, Malfoy-" "Shh," Draco hushed and placed a finger over Harry's mouth. He grabbed his hand and pulled him forward to his bed, smiling slyly. When they got to the bed, Harry blushed. "I have something to admit. I've never done this before." "Neither have I." "No, I mean, I've never done it with a boy or girl." When Draco raised his eye-brows, Harry quickly answered. "I've been too busy learning everything I could then destroying a dark lord to even think about it. Besides, Ginny was quite happy waiting." Draco smirked. "It's okay. I'll show you what you need to do. Pansy was a great teacher. She never did anything for me though. I thought maybe there was something wrong with me. Now I realize, maybe she wasn't the right gender." Harry smiled. He sat on the bed and looked up at Draco. "Teach away." "Sit back, back against the head-board." Harry did so. Draco climbed on his bed and crawled up so he was straddling Harry. He re-attached their lips and as they were kissing, he started un-doing Harry's button shirt. When all the buttons were undone, Draco ran his hands up and down Harry's tone chest and stomach. "Oh, Potter," he said with a little growl after he pulled away from the kiss a little. "Nice abs." He then started kissing Harry's neck. "Thanks," Harry said this one with a little moan. When he and Ginny kissed it was never like this. He hoped they weren't official in her eyes. If he cheated on Ginny, especially with Draco Malfoy, he knew Ginny, Ron and even Hermione would never forgive him. When Draco got so low, he was by Harry's nipples, he took each one in his mouth for a few minutes. He was in no rush and loved sucking the life out of them. Harry on the other hand was getting sick of the feelings his wet nipples were getting. He was a quivering mess. "Malfoy," he all but yelled. He heard Draco chuckle and he started moving down again, stopping to dip his tongue in Harry's navel. "Draco, if you don't cut this out, I'm going to make a mess in my pants." Draco looked up. "Oh we wouldn't want that, chosen one, now would we?" He smiled then continued on his task to make Harry feel good. He reached the pants and slowly undid them. He used his mouth for the zip, catching it in his teeth and dragging it down. Yet again, Harry was quivering. Draco got up, went to Harry's feet, took his shoes and socks off then dragged his pants off. "Is that better, Potter? Feel more freedom? I personally love being in my under-wear. Better yet, naked. Do you want to give that a go?" Harry could only nod and he lifted his ass from the bed, to allow Draco to pull his underwear off easier. Smiling, Draco did so and gaped at his past school yard enemy lying on his bed in all his glory. Harry looked at Draco and sat up straight again. "Now it's your turn to get naked," he said in a husky whisper. "Since what we are about to do usually works out better if both people are naked." Draco smiled. "That, my friend, is true." He leant in to give Harry another kiss before standing up and moving his hands to his shirt, getting ready to lift it over his head. "Wait!" Harry said and stood up aswell. "Allow me." He swatted Draco's hands away and grabbed the shirt. In one fluid motion, the shirt was pretty much ripped from the blonde teen's body and was lying at his feet. "That was a nice shirt, Potter," Draco said, smiling. He didn't really care about the shirt. He could just talk his mother into buying him a new one. "Cry me a river," Harry said also smiling. He was getting impatient since he was hard and horny and nothing was being done about it. "I hope these aren't your favourite pants or underwear, because if they are, you might want to speak up now. I'm about to rip them off you." "Wow, Potter. For a virgin you're certainly very confident." Harry just raised his eyebrows. "Just do it." That being permission, Harry took hold of the waist bands of both pants and underwear and ripped them off Draco's body. "How's that for confidence?" Harry whispered in Draco's ear. Draco shivered and placed his hands on Harry's shoulders. "Great, but I think it's time I got back in control. Lie on your stomach on the bed." Harry smiled and did as he was told. Draco knelt on the bed behind him and looked at Harry's naked body before him. He