FAGE 8: Soul Mates Title: Challenges and Castles Written for: Rhonda Erickson Written By: Rebadams7 Rating: M Summary/Prompt used: When he signed on to a cable TV pilot from a popular novel series, he never thought it would last, or at least he'd be killed off in the first season. The series took off and the fame caught him off guard. The life he thought he'd be living seemed a lost dream. She, well she was always the one to help her friends and family. When she promised to help her best friend with her service dog so she could enjoy a fan cruise, she never expected to find something she'd enjoy just as much or maybe more than she'd ever imagined. Prompts: a couple meet during a store trip in a grocery store, then on a boat and again during a hike. Please see the author's notes at the end! The rain was pouring down as Edward slid into the black Suburban. The driver put his two bags into the rear and climbed in behind the wheel. "Mr. Cullen, your ship is now at the pier and will be departing at 5 PM tonight. I can bring you right to the VIP entrance." "Thanks! What's your name?" The rain had prevented much of his usual conversation outside the car and Edward could hear his mother's voice reminding him to be pleasant. He smiled as he asked. "I'm Joe, Joe Abernathy" His driver spoke to the windshield, but in a clear, strong voice, easily heard in the back. "Been doing this long?" Edward asked as he bucked his belt. "Oh, yeah, I find it fun, for the past few years. It keeps me out of trouble with the missus now that I'm retired. 30 years between the Marines and the Police force." "Do I need that kind of protection?" It startled him. He was supposed to have been only a minor character, someone killed off in the books before the first one was finished, but in the television version, his character proved so popular, that the author and the writers signed off on a major plot twist. Marcusi would die one day, but season four would start shooting in six weeks and he was still under contract through season seven. He was broken out of his revelry by Joe's voice. "Well, my wife's a fan and I enjoy the show too. It was hard to keep my assignment from her today. There have been fans arriving into town for a few days, having parties, lunches, all kinds of shenanigans. Seem pretty tame, but you and I both know how things can get. I saw the footage from ComiCon and that thing in New York." "Yeah, I had no idea my photograph out of costume had come out." Just before the first broadcast of the series, Edward had been thrilled to be asked to the panel at San Diego, and decided to do a little shopping on the Comic-Con floor. He'd been out for half an hour when he was recognized and mobbed for a terrifying five minutes before he'd been surrounded by security and hustled off to a rear area. There is embarrassed and then there is embarrassed and frightened. He'd signed on for this cruise back during the first season, and now the day had come at last. The cast and crew of the the show, the Norwegian Epic, 3 ports of call in the Caribbean, almost 1700 staff and four thousand fans would spend the next six nights and seven days reveling in all things Challenging and Castle... grand. "You need anything before you board?" "Ah, how about some Laphroaig Triple Wood" Joe chuckled. "Good taste in scotch for a young'n. I know you are VIP, but trust me when I say the security will find it and lock it up for the duration. They use Gurkhas for a reason." Gurkhas. Well at least I'll be safe ..."Well then, what about junk food?" "Now, that. That might be just the ticket. I know where we can stop on the way, and it won't be too busy." "Joe, you are a genius. Lead on!" He leaned back into the seat. At home, in his neighborhood, back in Los Feliz, he would hit the grocery late at night; usually without comment. Some comfort food was just what he'd need on this trip. Four thousand fans... C&C C&C ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~C&C~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ HEY BELLA! we've landed and Winston did great! Jasper and I will meet you at the dock! Hey Alice! I'm changing planes right now. I'll see you at the ship.! Bella smiled as she closed her phone down for the short flight. It was too bad she didn't get a direct flight, but she wanted to finish her testing before she flew out and this was the only itinerary that worked. It had been a long few years, but she had graduated and now passed her RN boards. Next, she just needed a job, but for a few days, she was set to aid her best friend Alice to enjoy this graduation present. A scant hour later she was at the baggage carrousel, noticing her one bag looked odd. The large roll-on was almost at the end of it's days, but Bella hadn't had time to shop for a new one. That bag had been on many trips and moves with her, in truth she was a little sentimental about her good luck bag. The zipper was gaping on one side and a quick inspection had her realizing that everything clothes wise was there, but her toiletries and make up bag were no where to be found. Bella groaned at the thought of trying to replace those items while onboard ship. She grabbed the handle of her bag and headed for the elevator. Deciding to forgo the shuttle to the port; she would try her luck on the departure level to catch a cab and find the closest Target. A few moments later, she and her favorite bag were tucked into a cab headed for her personal happy place. Russ, her driver said he knew of a brand new location that had not gotten super popular yet and would just be opening. He offered to wait while she grabbed her necessities. There was almost no one inside. Crossing her fingers, she made her way over to where she hoped to find the travel size items. That should cover the basics and then she'd look at picking up a few other essentials. She wasn't big on makeup but she did like to have a little on for nicer events, and there were sure to be a few of those on this trip. She turned down the aisle and began to search out her favorite toothbrush. She stepped back to take a wider look at the selections and found herself bumping up against a firm back. "OOps!" "Oh, sorry." She tottered back on the ball of her foot and turned around to see a pair of sea-glass green eyes looking warily down at her beet red smile. A quick scan showed him to be more than decently attractive and somewhat familiar. Maybe he'd been on my flight ? It was really no matter, but she knew it might nag at her for a while. "Were you on my flight?" she managed to get out. "Oh, did you come in from New York?" His voice was as interesting as his eyes, smooth on top but a rough edge at the close. "No, I came in via Atlanta." She softly admitted. Some time later it might strike her, but for now she'd try to put that puzzle to the back of her mind. Not wanting to prolong an awkward pause, especially with a meter running, she turned back to the toothbrushes, grabbed her choice and moved over to the travel items, noting briefly that he'd put some Swedish fish and Twizzlers in his basket. She noted his height as he bent near her when she grabbed a few necessary bits. He was taller than this section of the shelves, she saw him move past her now on the opposite side of her aisle. A few more steps brought her to the beauty section and she quickly sought out a few items to get her through the week. As she approached the check lane, she noted the green eyed guy even moved with a certain grace as she watched him exit the store. She tried to keep him out of mind as much as he was out of sight. Scooping up a rolling case that was on sale, she placed her other purchases inside. Back in the cab at last, it was only a half an hour more to the pier. The majority of the guests would be arriving later in the day, but there were special arrangements for parties with special needs. Bella approached the reception desk and was asked to hand over her bags. They were tagged and she was told they would be delivered within a few hours to her stateroom. Freed of her burdens, she wandered up the indicated gangplank, and presented her documents to the uniformed gentleman at the top. He waived her toward a large oval shaped area, with a series of counters with more of the ship's staff speaking with a few of the guests. This was seemingly the special needs parties that were able to board the ship so early today. There was a gentleman with a white cane, and a few groups with someone on crutches or in a wheelchair. No other service dog caught her eye, but there by one counter was all 155 pounds of energy, Allie with Winston, her golden retriever, aka the Rockstar Retriever. His harness with the bright red leather handle was poised at Allie's side. Bella welcomed the embrace of her best friend. It may have only been a few weeks, but she had missed the little "twinkernator" "Where's Jasper?" "Indisposed? He'll be back in a few I'm sure" As she spoke, the attendant looked up from her computer with a slight frown on her brow. "Miss, I have your party down as three, but there seems to be some confusion on the staterooms. Excuse me for just a moment." Bella looked a bit bewildered "Alice, is there a problem with the rooms?" Alice just shrugged her shoulder as Jasper came in behind her, slipping his arm around her waist. Bella watched the two of them as they moved in sync. Alice and Jasper had met a few months back, at a favorite bookstore-cafe in Chicago, where Alice had an internship and an aunt to be a back-up. Since the accident, Alice had been fierce about getting back to her "before", and all her friends and family had been just as protective, not wanting anything to set her back or prevent her progress. The Yellow Bug, her vintage Volkswagen Beetle, and Alice had been in a serious car crash a little over a year ago. It was the same afternoon she'd finished her third year exams. Alice, or Allie as she was usually called, managed to get herself together enough to start her senior year on time. Thinking and planning were never a problem. However, it became apparent after the first month post accident her mobility and balance had become erratic at best. At the end of June, while trying some informal "horse therapy" with a friend, she'd fallen for the Golden's being trained on the property. Alice had applied for a service dog even before her therapy riding class started that very afternoon. Luckily she'd been chosen in November and spent her winter break acclimating to Winston, her mobility support. The Yellow Bug was now the Grey Lady, a Volvo SUV that could tote them both. Winston was at her side like a shadow. The only time and place that Winston would let his guard down was at the bookstore. Otherwise