F AGE 007 Title: Senseless acts of beauty and random moments of kindness Written for: Blueeyedcherry Written By: Rebadams7 Beta: Tammygrrrl Rating: M Summary/Prompt used: Divorced 30something woman's humorous adventures in online dating bring her to a cautious stance with regards to the antics of the opposite sex. In the last place she expects, a Southern gentleman sweeps this now "New York" woman off her feet whilst she's on a business trip. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the Facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. www . fanfiction community /FAGE-007/93625/ Sunny. Her eyes shrank from all the blue. It would be a clear, sunny morning today. Well! It is Los Angles after all, and rain would be a rarity. It's a drought here, for Pete's sake. There are probably people doing rain dances in Griffith Park right now. Her mind filled with images of women dressed in gauzy maxi gowns of all shapes and sizes, whirling around the sundial at the observatory, heavy bracelets encircling their arms. She imagined those bracelets clinking and twinkling in the sunlight as the ladies twirled like the Outlander dancers on Starz. In two days this set of meetings would be complete and Bella would have time to re-connect with her former college roommate, Charlotte, and Charlotte's husband, Peter. Cosmic karma had made their schedules cross for the past few years and finally, over the coming weekend they would just hang out as they had promised to do so many years and so many disappointments, last minute changes and tears ago. Pulling the knit navy suit from the awkward hotel hanger, she put on the mental armor that had held her together for the recent past. On the sidewalk, while waiting for her Uber ride, she thought she saw a familiar pair of shoulders, but the woman with him had short red hair and Rosalie would never, ever go red. Blondes always have more fun darling …. Slamming the door on a past that should just stay there, she entered the car, determined to make the most of her day. Nine hours later, she found herself surrounded by the oddest marriage of decor to a purpose. Snow White's was a charming hole in the wall bar with cheap - by Hollywood standards - beer and decent fare. It sat across the street from where Laurent, of the accounting department, was now meeting his wife and kids before going to see something with the family at the El Capitan. Laurent had gone on all day about how that theater always has an extra event before the movie, how he could treat his wife with Ghirardelli ice cream and chocolate from right next door, how there would be a special display for the kids, and on and on. He was now at some Disney show with all the bells and whistles. It was clear to see Laurent was smitten with his wife and their kids. Charlotte too had mentioned Snow White's and she decided to duck in here, and then perhaps stroll down the tourist trap way. It wasn't too far from her hotel and she wanted to see the stars on the pavement and the hand prints in the courtyard of Grauman's Chinese. It was dim, cool and quiet as soon as she stepped through the door. There were a few groups at tables, and one other gentleman at the far end of the bar, tapping away on his tablet. Isabella noted his cowboy boots as she sat down and pointed to a tap. Cowboy boots. The sight of them brought out a memory and a wry smile. Ambrose had worn cowboy boots with jeans and a polo when she'd met him at the Starbucks in Naperville. That was the first place she'd moved… after, and just wanting to meet a few more faces, she'd dived into the pool of online dating. One night stands were supposed to bury hurts, replace old memories with new ones and fix feelings too. In some ways, it might have worked. Ambrose had been a bit quirky, a considerate man, but so clumsy in those damn boots. If he just hadn't tripped in them, sending a Venti Caramel Macchiato down the front of her favorite new Free People shirt, maybe, just maybe…but no. Starting off so…handsy. The mopping up was more embarrassment than care. The mere thought suddenly made her shudder. Her mind continued down date disaster drive. Then there was Wade. Oh, Wade and his toys. Wade of the wouldn't shut up about his boat, his jet ski, his dirt bike and his convertible. In the spring, in the summer. In the winter. In the snow. The top being stuck down for their second meeting - the first real date…..heated seats couldn't fix that one. It was a light drizzle according to the weather report, but the snow flurries did the damage of a hurricane to her new haircut at 40 miles an hour. Next there was - Jake, a guy's guy, wanting to trade up to impress his family, his sisters really, by bringing home a professional woman. At least that was her interpretation. He'd indicated he was in contracting. They'd actually managed to date for a few weeks. Eventually she did learn he was really a fine carpenter, but his family didn't seem to value that. Jake was probably very good with his hands. He had a better than decent build and a charming, killer smile. Maybe she was the odd duck. His kisses and touches really didn't light her fire. An out of state promotion had offered an easy escape. Next stop was all-city, Brooklyn, after slightly sleepy suburban Naperville. She had been there for four months, overwhelmed in her new position and not even considering doing anything more online. Hell, some of her recent hits hadn't even read her profile carefully enough to realize she'd left the Midwest for the Atlantic seaboard. No matter how much she craved a Lou Malnotti's Special, that part of the country was a closed book to her now. Here she sat. Two years divorced. Two weeks past thirty. The eye candy and hot cars of Los Angeles over the past few days had rekindled the fire in her veins. This was Hollywood. Land of dreams…and of lies and those that lie for a living…according to Tom Hanks at least. She'd survived and lived through the worst of those. But there were happy endings in most of her favorite movies. There really was all this eye candy … Now there was a cold beer in front of her. She reached for her wallet. "No need." The bartender waved away her cash. "The gentleman at the end said the first round was on him." The bartender then turned and moved toward the kitchen area at the back. Her eyes followed him and then slid over to the brilliant green eyes that were smiling toward her. "I don't mean any trouble, miss. I think we may be colleagues of a sort. I saw you at Children's today with a purchase officer, Jasper Whitlock." "You know Jasper?" Her eyebrow arched with a hint of mischief as she replied. His drawl was more pronounced than that of the southern gentleman she'd been dealing with off and on over the past few years. Jasper's voice would have been good nighttime fodder if it wasn't for the fact he'd met his wife out east, and told Bella a story about her almost each and every phone conversation. She supposed it was Jasper's way of breaking the ice, but at least, it was always funny and made a point to whatever they were working on. "Jasper and I go back to football days in High School. We were what you'd now call frienemies - or so my nieces tell me." He spoke with such a sweet cadence to his drawl. Shouting seemed impolite, so with a gesture of his hand, he asked permission to sit closer. She acquiesced with a nod of her head. He'd moved with an easy grace to the seat next to hers. His hands had long fingers and no rings, she noted, as he picked up his beer, touching his glass to hers. Formal introductions completed, they continued to chat. They did turn out to work in the same field, and they made some small talk as she kept staring at his hands, noting the movements of his long, elegant fingers. He was smitten by the curl of her hair, the way it framed her face and her curves, mostly hidden by the power suit, but not entirely disguised. She had the habit of tapping her lip with her glass as she considered her responses. He considered the glass to be the luckiest object at the bar. "So, with all this time on the road it must be hard to keep up the happy at home?" Bella asked right after they placed their orders. "Well, I haven't had much company at my place since my middle sister and her husband completed the renovations, that and my last dog passed away summer before last. My schedule won't make anyone happy at home - not that my dear mom and my big sister don't keep trying." "Blind dates?" "You'd call some blind leading the blind. The thought does cross my mind to send them presents next holiday in keeping with their level of understanding and connection." "That bad?" "Sister's co-worker's husband's sister. She'd gone goth. Decided to spring it on me that first date. I'd wanted to take her to a club with some decent Jazz." "Oh no, - it was a short night?" Bella couldn't help but chuckle as they traded stories about dates of doom. Edward continued on, moving from social life into his passion, his work. Edward is an engineer. That thought drilled in, chilling her right down to the bone. He whose name shall not be mentioned had been an engineer too, but he hadn't been a southern gentleman. He'd been a cad, and his partner in crime, the seemingly harmless blonde, who turned out to be a grad student, joining his firm and partnering….Bella realized she hadn't heard a word since Edward's confession he was an engineer. She glanced up through her lashes, an old school move that hadn't meant anything to her until this moment. She realized she wanted to play the game with him for a bit. She wanted something and the self knowledge hit her like a snowball to her stomach. Edward for his part was used to the glazed look that many, especially women, got as he got a little too into explaining his work. He stopped and took a long pull from his mug, considering that he'd just perhaps misjudged the beautiful eyes, but it wasn't the glaze he was used to seeing - there was a sad sheen there. "I'm... I'm so sorry I spaced for a minute. Edward, I have to confess - I tend to run from engineers and that crowd." "Sorry, I know I get too wrapped up. Maybe I will end up just married to my work." "No, don't say that. I did hear you mention art galleries and children - so you can't be all figures and stress tolerances." Bella mustered a weak smile as a traitorous tear slid out of the corner of her eye. Edward rubbed the back of his neck, "Sorry, again, but you look like I'm the elephant that just stepped on your sandcastle." He opened his hands in a soft supplication. "I don't mean to pry, but I just want to know where I took the south fork?" Bella took a moment to drink deeply and immediately sputtered and coughed as she choked listening to his words. Nothing was his fault, as he was the opposite of him