A/N: I am taking creative license with this story. I am by no means saying that this is what happens when you hire an escort. But this is what is going to happen for this story. I am going off of the idea of someone that is hired only to be a date, and nothing else. No touching of any kind is allowed in this story's universe. This is a concept that I just thought off. I have no idea what escorting is really like, so don't get too lost on the details. This is just for fun. I hope that you enjoy this story and go along for a ride. I think that it will be a fun one. 1. The Deal Edward POV: I was nervous as I rode down the Charlotte streets towards the building that housed Alice Brandon's Dating Service. Yes, I was buying a date. See, my mother hast this habit of setting me up with girls of questionable morals, almost like she thinks that I need to get laid, which is not something that I want think about my mom thinking about her oldest son. She wanted grand kids, and I was the only one left out of three children that hadn't settled down yet. My family had set up a family vacation to Hawaii for two weeks, and to get my mom off of my back, I was going to make sure that I had someone to take with me, insert Alice Brandon. I owned my own business that had been very successful, and one of my college's mentioned Alice's company to me once before. We were having a company party around the holidays and he told me about it when I told him that I didn't have a date. I hadn't wanted to take his recommendation because I didn't want to show up with a total stranger on my arm who worked for a questionable company. And then I did research on it, and it turned out to not be what I thought that it was. It wasn't your typical escort service. The girls, and guys, that worked there were only to be dates, no sex was allowed among the clients and workers, which eased my anxiety about going in today. I was still uneasy about going to meet Alice, but she had been nice enough on the phone. She told me that she ran a tight ship, and her employees, and clients, were to follow them exactly. She'd sounded nice, but also like someone that made sure that things went the way that she wanted them to when it came to her business. When I pulled into the parking lot of the small brick building, I parked in a spot closest to the door. The lot was mostly empty, only a few cars lined the last row on spaces. The door dinged when I walked in, the cool air hitting my skin, feeling nice after being in the hot, humid North Carolina weather. I rubbed my hands against my pants to get the sweat off of them. My palms always sweat when I got nervous, and boy was I nervous as I approached the reception desk. "Excuse me," my voice broke, and I cleared it, hoping that the girl didn't notice. "May I help you?" the girl looked at me. She was very attractive with blonde hair and blue eyes. Her name tag had the name Lauren on it. She was chomping on gum, which wasn't very flattering. "I am here to see Alice Brandon." I watched as she typed somethings into the computer, still smacking her gum as clicked away, most likely looking at the appointments that they had lined up for the day. "You're Edward Cullen?" she looked at me expectantly. "Yes." I nodded, trying not to get anxious. The longer I stood there, the more I lost my nerve. "I will call her for you," she picked up the phone, hitting some buttons. "Miss Brandon, your two o'clock is here." she listened to the voice on the other end for a second, "Yes, ma'am." she hung up the phone, her attention coming back to me, "She will be right up." "Thank you." I looked around the waiting area, pictures by local artists were hung on the wall, making it feel homey. Plush looking chairs lined the walls, decorative pillows stacked on either end. The area smelled of vanilla, relaxing me. "Mr. Cullen," I turned to see a short, blacked haired woman making her way over to me. She was very young, which surprised me. The way that she had talked on the phone, she'd seemed older, but she could command a room with her presence. Her blue eyes were kind, as she shook my hand. "Right this way." She led me down a short hallway to an office at the very end. It was a small space that was filled with pictures, both personal and art. I took a seat in one of the chairs that sat in front of the desk, her taking a seat in her office chair. "What brings you in today?" she folded her arms on top of her desk, the sleeves of her suit bunching up in her elbows, revealing the pale skin of her wrists. "Well," I licked my lips, thinking of where to start. "You don't have to be so nervous," she laughed, leaning back in her seat, the epitome of ease. "None of us here bite." "I have never done something like this before." I admitted. I threaded my fingers together on the surface of the desk so she wouldn't see how my hands were shaking. "I can imagine," she inspected my face, "you don't seem like the type that would need help finding a date with a handsome face like yours." her comment was both flattering and uncomfortable. I cleared my throat, "That's the thing. None of the right women throw themselves at me. My mom sets me up with women that only want sex, and with my job, I just don't have the time to date." I shifted in my seat, the chair squeaking at I did so. "So, what exactly is it that you need?" her voice was all business now, making it easier for me to talk to her. "My family and I are going on vacation for two weeks, and I need a date to take with me so I can get my mom off of my back." I spit out, my leg bouncing against the floor. "Where are you going?" "Hawaii." "Ah," she said, going to her computer and doing something for several seconds. Looking carefully through something. "I have the perfect girl for you." she announced standing. "If you will follow me, you can meet her and see if she will be what you're looking for." she led me to a room that held a kitchen and sitting area, girls were sitting there watching something on the TV, but the girl with brown hair that sat away from the others, reading, caught my eye. "She's younger than most, but very wise beyond her years. She's a very sweet girl." she cleared her throat, "Bella." I watched the girl with the book look up, her eyes going from Alice to me, then back. She stood from her seat, putting a bookmark in her book before walking over to us. Her hair was pulled back into a messy bun, no makeup on her face, making her look even younger than she was. I found the old t-shirt and jeans endearing and refreshing, making me think that she was comfortable in her own skin. She didn't look to have an tattoos and alabaster skin was perfectly smooth. Her eyes were the color chocolate, and if I wasn't careful, I could get lost in them. "Alice," she greeted her boss, her voice smooth as silk. "Bella, this is Edward, Edward, this is Bella." she introduced us, Bella giving me a shy smile. "He's going on vacation with his family and needs someone to go with him, would you be interested?" Bella looked at me nervously, biting her lip before nodding, "Yes, ma'am." "Excellent!" Alice clapped her hands excitedly, "Why don't you two go out to the pool out back and get to know each other." she motioned toward the door to my right, "And when you're ready, we'll go over the necessary rules and all that jazz." "Is she always like that?" I asked, watching Alice practically vibrate as she left us alone. "She's very eccentric." Bella laughed, pushing hair behind her ear, "Shall we?" she nodded her toward the door. "After you." I followed Bella out to the pool area, the humidity instantly making sweat gather on my brow. The pool was huge, the patio area covered with chairs and tables, there was even a pool bar at the opposite end. We sat down at one of the umbrellaed tables, sitting across from each other. I could hear the cars passing on the road, the sound filling the silence that commenced between us, but it wasn't awkward or uncomfortable, just quiet. "How old are you?" I asked, the first thing that came to mind. She looked at me, blushing, not expecting that question. "Twenty-one. I'll be twenty-two in September." I nodded, her birthday was in five months. "How old are you?" she bit her lip, awaiting my answer. "Twenty-seven." I watched her face as she took in my answer, rolling it around in her head. She was older than I was thinking she was. She didn't look over eighteen. "How long have you worked here?" "Three years," she looked at her hands as she talked, like she was ashamed of this, "I needed the money for college, otherwise I wouldn't have been able to afford to go. I'm actually graduating a year early, so I guess something worked out." "Where do you go?" my interest was piqued. This girl must have be smart to graduate early. I had always found the human mind fascinating. "Wake Forest. I'm studying business administration." her cheeks were once again flushed, making her even more fascinating then before. "What do you want to do with it?" "I don't know yet. I still don't have everything figured out and graduation is in two months." "You could always come work for me," I teased, "We're always looking for new people." "What do you do?" her brow furrowed. It was always nice to find someone who didn't know who I was. My business had done well from the beginning, and everyone knew my name. We'd acquired other businesses, and the company was growing at tan alarming rate. "I own Cullen Enterprises." She blanched, her face flaming, "I had no idea..." I cut her off. "Don't worry about," I patted her hand, shocks of electricity going up my arm, she gasped, telling me that she had felt it to. She pushed back from the table, "We should get inside, Alice is wanting to talk with us." "Okay." I replied dumbly. I had no idea what the fuck had just happened, but I wanted to feel it again, making this arrangement dangerous. &7& Bella POV: Today started out like any other. I would up at seven and did my morning workout. Alice wanted us to all stay in shape, putting us on strict diet and exercise plans. I hated it, but the job required it. We were to look pretty on the arm of whoever we were working for. At first, I had been starving, but after three years, I'd gotten used to it. I couldn't wait until I got a real job and could once again eat the biggest cheeseburger known to man, that, out of everything, was what I looked forward to the most. I lived with two other girls that worked for Alice, Jessica and Angela. They were nice enough, but we didn't hang out much, in fact, I didn't hang out with