In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on. – Robert Frost. I smelled something in the kitchen, and if Bella was in her room and Charlie was in the house i could think of one thing, Charlie will explode the kitchen cooking something, I processed what she said about Charlie and went to the kitchen the same time as Bella. Bella shoved a wrinkled paper into her back pocket while running with me Charlie inability of cooking can surpass anything in the world even Bella clumsiness when we didn't lived here he only ate pizza i think, making it downstairs in the nick of time. The jar of spaghetti sauce Charlie stuck in the microwave wasn't looking good when Bella yanked the door open and pulled it out. "What did I do wrong?" Charlie demanded. "You're supposed to take the lid off first, Dad. Metal's bad for microwaves." Bella said swiftly removing the lid, poured half the sauce into a bowl, and then put the bowl inside the microwave and the jar back in the fridge. Bella was a genius of the kitchen sometimes I can help but making experiments like mother. "Did I get the noodles right?" Charlie asked, Bella checked but from her face the answer wasn't so good. "stirring helps" she said mildly. "Can I ask why you would try to cook dad?" I asked him after he sighed. "Don't know what you're talking about," he grumbled I smirked to contain the laugh. "Since when do you make dinner?" I asked Charlie. The pasta lump bobbed in the boiling water as Bella poked it. "Or try to make dinner, I should say." Bella said. Charlie shrugged. "There's no law that says I can't cook in my own house." "You would know," I replied, me and Bella grinning. "Ha. Good one." He shrugged out of the jacket as, and hung it on the peg reserved for his gear. Bella then looked at the clock something that became a tradition at the time of the day, she was double grounded after Jacob in her words betraying her about the motorcycles so she only saw Edward at school or at the time Charlie let him enter not that would stop him entering her room by the window at night. The rest of the time it me who stay by her side when I not reading or doing something that requires to me be alone. Charlie then sat down at the table and started to read the journal. "you only get angry when you read the journal dad" I said to him before the effects of bad news got to him. He ignored me, grumbling at the paper in his hands. "This is why everyone wants to live in a small town! Ridiculous." "What have big cities done wrong now?"Bella asked. "Seattle's making a run for murder capital of the country. Five unsolved homicides in the last two weeks. Can you imagine living like that?" "I think Phoenix is actually higher up the homicide list, Dad. Me and max have lived like." Bella said, we are fine because I had a guardian a lot of times we were in danger and Katharine saved us before somebody noticed. "Well, you couldn't pay me enough," Charlie said. Bella gave up on saving dinner and settled for serving it; she had to use the steak knife to cut a portion of spaghetti for Charlie and then myself only then her, while he watched with a sheepish expression. Charlie coated his helping with sauce and dug in. Bella and i disguised the things as well as I could and followed his example without much enthusiasm. We ate in silence for a moment. Charlie was still scanning the news, and Bella picked up my much-abused copy of Wuthering Heights and tried to lose myself in turn-of-the-century England while i looked at the both of then waiting to something happen. "You're right," Charlie said. "I did have a reason for doing this." He waved his fork at the gluey spread. "I wanted to talk to you Bella." Bella laid the book aside; the binding of the book was so destroyed that it slumped flat to the table. "You could have just asked." she said. He nodded, his eyebrows pulling together. "Yeah. I'll remember that next time. I thought taking dinner off your hands would soften you up." "Clearly softened us and not by a little" I said to him. "it's about Jacob" "What about him?" Bella asked through stiff lips. "Easy, Bells. I know you're still upset that he told on you, but it was the right thing. He was being responsible." "Responsible," I repeated scathingly, rolling my eyes. "Right. So, what about Jacob?" Bella seemed to have something one her mind for an instant. "Don't get mad at me, okay?" "Mad?" "Well, it's about Edward, too." Bella eyes narrowed and Charlie's voice got gruffer. "I let him in the house, don't I?" "You do," she admitted. "For brief periods of time. Of course, you might let me out of the house for brief periods now and then, too," she continued "I've been pretty good lately." "Well, that's kind of where I was heading with this..." And then Charlie's face stretched into an unexpected eye-crinkling grin; for a second he looked twenty years younger this always happened when he smiled we could see clearly the guy Renee got in love and ran together to this town. "I'm confused, Dad. Are we talking about Jacob, or Edward, or me being grounded?" The grin flashed again. "Sort of all three." "And how do they relate?" she asked, cautious. "Okay." He sighed, raising his hands as if in surrender. "So I'm thinking maybe you deserve a parole for good behavior. For a teenager, you're amazingly non-whiney." Bella voice and eyebrows shot up. "Seriously? I'm free?" Where was this coming from Charlie got a sudden mercy of Bella or it had a catch. Charlie held up one finger. "Conditionally" I knew it. Her enthusiasm clearly vanished. "Fantastic," she groaned. "Bella, this is more of a request than a demand, okay? You're free. But I'm hoping you'll use that freedom... judiciously." "What does that mean?" He sighed again. "I know you're satisfied to spend all of your time with Edward —" "I spend time with Alice, too," Edward sister soon will live with us, she come and go whatever she wants. That's true," he said. "But you have other friends besides the Cullens, Bella. Or you used to." We stared at each other for a long moment. "When was the last time you spoke to Angela Weber?" he threw at me. "Friday at lunch," she answered immediately. Before Edward's return, Bella school friends and mine too had divided into two groups. Bella liked to think of those groups as good vs. evil. Us and them worked, too. The good guys were Angela, her steady boyfriend Ben Cheney, and Mike Newton and me obviously. Lauren Mallory was the evil core of the them side, and almost everyone else, including Bella first friend in Forks, Jessica Stanley, seemed content to go along with her anti-Bella agenda it was a good thing Lauren is envious of everybody, Jessica only wanted to be the friend of the popular guys and never to be her friend. With Edward back at school, the dividing line had become even more distinct and I guarantee of that. They continued on and on I liked being left on the sideline like the narrator of a story I don't like talking very much, it was Edward knocking on the door that made the talk stop. "Coming!" Bella called while Charlie mumbled,"Go away." I chucked but followed Bella letting Edward in. Bella looked like she would faint like always when she opened the door to let he enter. "Hey." she smiled I stayed for a time but Bella and Edward where almost discussing so I went to Bella room the computer was slow like a tortoise I cleaned and made some things to go faster or at least to the adds disappears after that I went to my room to sleep. In School on the next day everything was boring and always teacher with things easy to understand Lauren murderous glare towards me Mike looking at Bella like a sad puppy like everyday, only Bella and Edward that looked different from everybody like they where on a movie or a romance book. In the cafeteria Edward, Bella, Alice, Angela, Ben and me where on the allies table, the axis where the rest of the people who think is Bella is crazy and me by being her sister and the ones who where with her just for her popularity like Jessica. Angela and Bella where talking about the graduation something I didn't really was looking for the time passed so quick not much time ago I was at the start of the year expecting a total boring life on the small forks. "if I didn't knew I would think you are mute" Edward said looking at me. "i just don't enjoy talking very much, and I am not good with people" I said to him. "even Bella talk more than you but you are always on observation and always near her "Alice? Alice!" i heard Angela say, she was waving her hand in front of Alice eyes who looked like she was daydreaming, she must had a vision vampires just don't turn off like that. Then Edward laughed, a very natural, relaxed sound. Angela and Ben looked toward him like he was crazy, but my eyes were locked on Alice. She jumped suddenly, as if someone had kicked her under the table. "Is it nap time already, Alice?" Edward teased. Alice was herself again suddenly "Sorry, I was daydreaming, I guess." "Daydreaming's better than facing two more hours of school," Ben said returning to his comic book. Alice threw herself back into the conversation with Bella and Angela with more animation than before. Once I saw her eyes lock with Edward's, only for a moment, and then she looked back to Angela before anyone else noticed. Edward was quiet, playing absentmindedly with a strand of my hair, and I saw that Bella noticed that too by the way she looked at me. The entire day Bella tried to take off him what Alice saw in vain. "he will only tell me at night I bet and is capable of him change the facts" Bella said to me on the way to the last class. "he is that way but if someone can at least make him tell lies Is you, you have the power over him and he have control over you, is strange now that I think about it" "no, its not that way!"Bella said. "Bella you are like a planet and Edward is the sun you move when he moves almost at the same time, believe me I look at everything and you and him are the most strange thing to look at a scene of a movie always" Bella let the talk die and we spoke about more normal thing on the way. The most funny thing I saw was on the exit, it was the reaction of Mike after Edward offered help to fix his car he left shaking his head in disbelief. "What was that about?" Bella muttered as Edward held the passenger door for her I was inside the car already with Alice by my side. "Just being helpful," Edward answered. And then Alice, waiting in the backseat, was babbling at top speed. "You're really not that good a mechanic, Edward. Maybe you should have Rosalie take a look at it tonight, just so you look good if Mike decides to let you help, you know. Not that it wouldn't be fun to watch his face if Rosalie showed up to help. But since Rosalie is supposed to be across the