So this is for Erin (hope you enjoy London instead of coming to prom with us.) I hope she likes it :) The first time it had been almost an accident. Every table in the library was fill and no-on was brave enough to ask to share the Head Girl's table; no-one except Pansy Parkinson. Busy writing an essay for Professor McGonagall (there had not been time to find a replacement Transfiguration Professor), Hermione didn't notice the other girl until she heard a small cough, "Um…Granger?" Hermione looked up, startled to find none other than Pansy Parkinson stood in front of her, "Yes, Parkinson?" "Would you mind if I sat? The rest of the tables are full." Hermione gave a glance around the library, checking to make sure the tables were actually full and this wasn't some kind of Slytherin prank. Seeing that the other girl was telling the truth, Hermione nodded and waved her hand at the chair opposite, moving it backwards with a small bit of wandless magic. Pansy slid into the seat with a muttered thank you, unwilling to show that she was impressed with Granger's causal use of wandless magic. Hermione turned back to her essay; she wanted to get it finished before lunch. She saw Pansy getting out her own essay, Potions if she was correct, and begin writing. The two worked in silence for the remainder of their study period until Pansy began to gather her things, "It's lunch time, Granger. Shouldn't you be going?" Hermione glanced at her watch, surprised it was already lunch, "Yes. Thank you for reminding me, Pansy." The other girl looked as if she was going to say something but instead she just shrugged and walked off. And so it began. Every week, without fail, Pansy would request to join Hermione's table, and eventually, Hermione stopped checking to see if the library was full. After two months of working in silence together, Pansy broke it with a whispered question, "Granger…what are the three ways to identify an animagus? I can't remember." Hermione looked up from her Runes homework, pondering the question, "The first is that they will have markings or characteristics similar to their human forms. Like McGonagall, her animagus has markings around it's eyes, like her glasses. Secondly, the animal will be larger than a regular animal of that species. A man I used to know was a dog animagus and he was easily twice the size of a regular dog. And thirdly, although this is difficult to observe, is that, whilst human, you take on some aspects of your animagus form like more sensitive hearing or taste. Unless you've spoken to an animagus or know exactly what you're looking for, it's almost impossible to spot." Hermione stopped, waiting for Pansy to finish writing in case she had any follow up questions. Pansy laid her quill down, glancing at Hermione again, "Could you give me a specific example of that last one? I'm not sure I understand what you mean…" Hermione thought for a moment, "Well, that man who was a dog animagus? He could only tolerate chocolate in small amounts after he became an animagus because it's toxic to dogs. Now something like that is obviously not noticeable unless you know that he ate a lot of chocolate prior to becoming an animagus." "Thanks, Granger. Hopefully I'll get an O on this essay now." Hermione smiled, "You're welcome, Pansy." Again, Hermione saw a curious expression flit across the other girl's face but she didn't say anything so Hermione ignored it. The next time they spoke, it was Hermione asking for help, "Pansy, do you know why the Blood Replenishing Potion has to be stirred for exactly 81 seconds before it's left to simmer? I can't find an explanation anywhere." Pansy set her quill down, this would take an extensive explanation, "I wouldn't expect you to know tha-" "Why? Because I'm a Mudblood?" Pansy flinched, "No. Well, yes. But only because Muggleborns don't have a need to perform old blood rituals." Hermione didn't miss the emphasis Pansy put on the word Muggleborn and she instantly felt guilty, "Sorry, please continue." Pansy nodded, graciously not commenting, "Ages ago, before the Ministry and Hogwarts were formed, the Sacred Twenty-Eight came into being. At the time, there were only twelve and more were added later. Anyway, many rituals took place to establish new Heads and Heirs of the Houses. Originally, the rituals called for a step that involved 'nine counts of nine', as nine was the most powerful magical number, but obviously everyone counted at different speeds which made it hard to get the ritual correct. Eventually someone, a Potter if I'm not mistaken, decided to simplify it down to 81 seconds. Usually, the number of seconds doesn't matter too much in Potions but because blood is an exceptionally powerful substance, this potion needs 81 seconds for maximum potency." Hermione was writing everything down at a furious pace; she would have to research this later. Looking up, she could see Pansy smirking at her, "Don't look at me like that, I enjoy learning new things. Do you know where I can research stuff like that?" Pansy's brow furrowed, "You mean Pureblood customs and traditions?" Hermione nodded, already excited about the wealth of new knowledge she would have, "There are some books in the library but they aren't the greatest. I've got a book that I learnt from as a child, I can owl for it if you want?" "Yes please. If it's not too much trouble, that is." Pansy shook her head, "I had it memorised by the time I was ten, it's of no use to me anymore." "Thanks, Pansy." "You're welcome…Granger." Hermione smiled, returning to her difficult Potions homework. The next time they studied together, Hermione was made aware of Pansy's presence when a book landed heavily next to her elbow; Hermione glanced at the title, The Sacred Twenty-Eight and Their Customs Hermione's eyes lit up hungrily. She couldn't wait to start reading it. Looking up, she saw Pansy staring at her, eyebrow raised in amusement, "You know, Granger, I'm sure it wouldn't kill you to leave that homework for tonight if you wanted to start that book now…" Hermione smiled at Pansy's gentle jesting. It was nice getting along with her rather than arguing or cold indifference, "Can I ask you any questions I might have?" Pansy nodded, "You can although I might not be able to answer some of them. A lot of things pertain to Family Secrets so I'm not at liberty to speak about them." Hermione nodded. Opening the book, she saw there were little marks next to some of the chapters, "What do all these marks mean?" Pansy leaned over, unsure of what she was talking about, "Oh! I'd forgotten I'd done that. Those chapters include customs and things that have fallen out of practise or been forgotten. It's still a good idea to read them though." Hermione hummed in agreement. Silence descended over them as Hermione became absorbed in the book. Pansy pulled out s new novel she was reading and settled comfortably in her chair. The silence between them was broken only by the occasional scratching of Hermione's quill as she noted something down. When lunch arrived, Pansy packed her book away, glancing across the table at the Gryffindor girl who still seemed engrossed in the book. Tapping her nails just in front of the girl's hand, Pansy gained her attention, "It's lunch time. You might want to get going." Hermione smiled gratefully, she was prone to forgetting meals when she was working, "Thanks…Parkinson." Pansy smiled, clearly Hermione had reached that part of the book: When addressing members of another House, the correct title and surname are to be used (i.e. Lord Malfoy) or if there is no title, just the surname. Only the member of the House with higher standing may give leave to use the familiarity of their given names (i.e. The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black has higher standing over The Most Ancient House of Greengrass) "No problem, Granger." Pansy left without another word. And so it went on for a month. Hermione would read the book and ask questions, Pansy would answer them, sometimes with little anecdotes. Such as the Yule Ball when they were nine and Draco had addressed Daphne Greengrass incorrectly, causing a small feud between the two of them for a few years. One week in early December, Hermione was sat reading a different book, the Slytherin's book sat in front of her. Picking up her book, Pansy sat down, glancing at the cover of Hermione's book, "Complete collection of fairy tales, what's that?" Hermione marked the page in her book before looking up at Pansy, "They're like the muggle versions of the Tales of Beedle the Bard, I guess. Except they're written by different people rather than just one." Pansy wrinkled her nose, "What are they like? Surely without magic they must be quite boring." Hermione chuckled, absent-mindedly playing with her bookmark, "Ah, but these stories are full of magic!" Pansy's eyebrows shot up, "What? But Muggles aren't supposed to know about magic!" Hermione laughed again, "They don't, not really. They don't think it's real, it's just pop culture." Pansy nodded, although she still seemed confused, "Tell you what, as a thank you for letting me borrow your book, you can read this once I've finished it." Pansy smiled gratefully at Hermione as she got an essay out of her bag, "Thanks, Granger." "You're welcome, Parkinson." Both sporting small smiles, they returned to their respective activities. Their last 'study session' before Christmas break, Hermione broke the silence by asking what Pansy was doing for Christmas, "What are your plans for the holidays, Parkinson?" Pansy sighed, "Staying here. The Manor was seized when my parents were arrested so I'm staying here right through 'til summer when I can use my trust fund to buy a place to live. What are you doing?" Hermione was somewhat shocked at the blasé tone Pansy used to describe her parents arrest, "Don't you care that your parents were arrested?" Pansy scoffed, "They deserve it for following the Dark Lord." Hermione was confused, "But just before the battel you…you-" Pansy sighed heavily, "I was under orders. You don't understand what it's like for those whose families followed the Dark Lord, especially in Slytherin. You conform or you die. Safety was only for those belonging to neutral Houses. My father threatened to kill me if I didn't aid the cause!" Hermione blinked in shock; she'd had no idea it was like that, "He can't do that! He'd get caught and sent to prison!" Pansy smiled ruefully at Hermione, "He could've done if he wanted to, Granger. I am not Heiress to the House of Parkinson, well I wasn't then, and he would know if I hadn't supported the Dark Lord. He'd have killed me in the battle so he wouldn't be under suspicion…Enough of that. What are you doing for Yule?" Hermione sighed, averting her eyes from Pansy's, "The same as you. I'm here until summer and then finding my own place." "What about your parents?" Hermione's breath hitched as she tried to control her emotions, "They don't know who I am. Before we went on the run, I obliviated them and gave them false memories to keep them safe. They now think they are Mr and Mrs Wilkins and they moved to Australia, hopefully they're still there. They don't know they have a daughter." Pansy stared at the girl sat across from her. She had sacrificed her parents in the belief that they would win the war and she could go and find them. That was a huge risk, "Why didn't you find them over the summer?" Hermione hummed, considering the question, "I was busy. I know how bad that sounds but I had to help put Hogwarts back together and I had Death Eater trials to testify