A.N Hi so I had this idea going through my head and I just got so excited and had to write it. I hope you like and if you do let me know. I definitely think I want to make this a multi chapter story so let me know what you think. I also have not decided on any romantic pairings for this story so if you have any suggestions feel free to let me know. xoxo Disclaimer: The characters of the Harry Potter Universe are the property of J.K Rowling. All canon characters, plots, and situations are not owned by me and i make no profit from this story. The Art of Dissimulation Chapter one "Shadows settle on the place that you left, our minds are troubled by the emptiness. Destroy the middle it's a waste of time. From the perfect start to the finish line" Daughter-Youth "Lucius, I hear your dear wife is expecting" The ball room was dark and cold, masked men watched from the edges of the room as a man who looked at first sight like he could be on the cover of Witch Weekly, rose from a chair. Though it was more of a throne than anything else and leaving the only piece of furniture in the room behind him walked slowing to the blonde wizard who stood with his mask-less face down. Many cringed in fear from just watching the way the man who seemed just like any other drained any sort of confidence Malfoy usually had with every step closer. Tom Riddle stopped in front of the man and smiled as he lifted a single finger and traced it along the young Malfoy's jawline. Tugging on his chin slightly the Dark Lord stared into Lucius' eyes for a brief moment before slipping away, a worryingly happy look on his face. "So you don't know whether it is a boy or a girl?" The Dark lord said as he lowered himself into the chair with an elegance you would never have expected. "Yes master" Lucius replied, his eyes lowered, but voice firm. After years in the mans servitude there were some things you learnt. Act respectful but not scared. Always agree with what he says and always do what he asks. And always, always, keep your mind guarded. "How unfortunate it would be if your wife didn't bare a proper heir" Voldemort said as though he was truly sympathizing with the man who stood in the center of the room. "But really what use would another male Malfoy be for me. I have you, my ever faithful servant. My ever faithful, rich, influential servant" Lucius could feel his blood run cold. A compliment was never a good thing. "Forgive me if I say I do not understand my Lord" "On the off chance that you end up with a daughter, though quite unlikely given your family history, once she comes of age I believe an arranged marriage would benefit us all marvelously. Do you not agree?" the man sneered a dangerous look in his eyes, as if daring someone to disagree with him. "Of course my Lord. I am honored for you to even consider such an offer" Lucius lied. He could feel the other death eaters in the room breathe sighs of relief. Over the last year the dark lord has dropped hints of wanting a betrothal. Wanting a dark mistress by his side. Of course Bellatrix had offered her services immediately much to her husbands annoyance, to which the Dark Lord had laughed and said that he had enough Death Eaters to breed him a wife. Since that moment Lucius had been on edge. When he first found out about Narcissa's pregnancy he thought briefly of trying to hide her but somehow the little rat Pettigrew had found out which led to the situation Lucius was in now. "Of course. Now leave, I have other matters to attend to" the man waved him away and Lucius bowed before leaving the room. Once the large oak doors were closed tightly behind him he made his way down the long corridors towards the drawing room of Lestrange Manner. Outside the door he could hear his sister in laws hysterical laughs. Taking a moment to rearrange his features into one of boredom he straightened his robes before entering the room. It looked very much like Malfoy Manner though it was much darker, a more sinister feel filled the room. Bad things had happened there. You could feel it in the essence of the entire house. Dark magic thrummed through the walls. Lucius briefly wondered if the house itself was so dark that it influenced anyone who walked through the doors. Turned them mad. It would explain a lot of things, he thought watching as Bellatrix cooed at Narcissa threateningly. "Are you ready to leave" he asked, his voice low and commanding. His wife turned to him with a look of gratefulness and nodded her head quickly before smiling apologetically at her sister, offering a tight goodbye. Striding over Lucius offered her an arm and with a curt nod in Bellatrix's direction led his wife out of the room, down the hall and straight out of the manner. Neither said a word. Not even when they reached the apparition point and they clutched each other's arms tightly before side apparating home. Arriving in their own drawing room, Lucius felt a wash of relief run through his bones. Though Malfoy Manner had witnessed it's fair amount of dark magic, it was in no comparison to the place they had just come from. His relief was short lived though as he turned to his wife who was holding her stomach affectionately. "We have a problem" he said startling his wife. She looked up at him shocked before her eyes flicked to his dark mark before glancing back down at her stomach as if asking if the problem was to do with their baby. From the pained expression on his face she knew immediately that it was. "What is it then" she asked her face a cleverly constructed blank mask. Lucius walked over to her shrugging off his robes and placing them over an arm chair as he walked, leaving him in a white shirt and black pants looking ever the aristocrat that he was with his hair tied back neatly with a black ribbon. Stopping in front of her, he lowered himself to his knees and pressed a gentle kiss against her slightly swollen stomach. Unable to look at his wife, he instead wrapped his arms around her waist burying his head in the crook just below her breasts. If someone had walked in at that moment they would have been shocked. But Narcissa knew better. When they were out of the prying eyes of the public or fellow Death Eaters Lucius showered her in love. Knowing that because of expectations he couldn't express his affection a lot, when he got the chance he smothered her in it. It was one of the reasons she had fallen in love with him. To know there was a part of him that only she was privy too made the moments special. At first. Now it was a burden and they both wore it heavily on their shoulders. "He knows that the medi-witches couldn't decipher the gender of the baby" he started trying to work out how to phrase what he knew he had to tell her "He had obviously just assumed it was a boy but when the possibility of it being a girl appeared, well, he's made us an offer" He waited while Narcissa turned the words over in her head trying to make sense of what she was being told. Reaching down she placed a finger under Lucius' chin lifting it until his eyes met hers. Much like the action the Dark Lord had used only this one was full of love and affection. She stared into the gaze of her husband. His eyes were full of fear and pain at the prospect of Voldemort having that kind of hold over his daughter. It frightened him more than anything else in the world. "He has asked for a betrothal, hasn't he?" Narcissa whispered and her question was answered by the anguished sobs that escaped the kneeling mans lips. Slowly she knelt down herself until their faces were level where she proceeded to wipe away each and every tear that fell down his face. His arms tightened around her waist and soon his head fell to her shoulders. Narcissa raised her hand and pulled the ribbon that kept his hair back out before running her hand soothingly through his long hair. Blame filled apologies fell from his Lips In-between sobs. Once his cries had subdued he lifted his head to stare into the beautiful grey eyes of his wife, there were tear tracks on her face where the few stray tears had fallen but she was still as beautiful as the day he proposed. Young and naive and ready to follow in his fathers footsteps. Looking at her he could almost pretend they were back in the orchards, under the moon. "There is no reason to fear, my love" Narcissa spoke, sending shivers down Lucius's spine, her voice soothing him in ways no calming draught could succeed in doing "We are not even certain if there will be a girl to worry about, this little baby could just as easily be a little you just waiting to boss around the house elves and follow in your footsteps" "Not my footsteps" he whispered fear falling over his features again of the though of his son having to deal with the guilt and anguish and nightmares that graced him every night. "No, your right, he'll make his own path, he'll be brave enough to do what neither of his parents ever could" "Not too brave though" Lucius said with a small smile "I think having a little lion wondering about would drive me mad" Narcissa laughed quietly and the two moved together. Lowering themselves until they were lying side by side their hands clasped in one another's, staring up at the beautiful chandelier. It was action done with the kind of synchronization that could only be achieved by two people who knew each other inside out, who had made these movements before and would make them for years to come. "What if it is a girl" Narcissa asked after a moment of silence, her voice finally letting the worry she was feeling seep through. "Then we hide her. We'd have to fake her death you know, you can't go into labor and leave the hospital empty handed. What am I meant to tell the dark lord. That we lost her?" "I don't want her to die" "She won't really be dead but it would mean we could keep her safe" "But how? Severus maybe?" "No he would never take the child. He's in too deep." "Then what are we to do with her" "Muggles" "What?!" Narcissa exclaimed, rolling onto her side so she could look at her husband properly. He was staring up at the ceiling a look of deep thoughts on his face. His lip pulled between his teeth as though he was thinking up a plan. Which he was. "We send her to muggles, wealthy aristocrats. A couple who can't have kids of their own. We stay in touch and then hopefully by the time she receives her Hogwarts letter Voldemort will be dead and she can come live with us. She can be a real Malfoy" "We still don't know if it's a girl yet" Narcissa reminded him, running the idea of muggle adoption through her head. It made sense. No one would ever think to look for a Malfoy within a family of muggles. They could visit under the claim of business. She would get to know them and when she was old enough they would