The Healer's Trial by Auryn Rei Evroren " Love is no game! It is no flowery softness! It is hard work- a quest that never ends. It demands everything from you- especially the truth. Only then does it yield rewards." -Cupid From the minute Nico di Angelo stepped (or was dragged, depending on who you asked) into the Camp Half-Blood infirmary, everyone present wished him gone. Now don't be confused, it had nothing to do with his status as a son of Hades. It all had to do with the volume. "I am not drinking anything that looks like Gorgon piss." "You are if you want to get better." "I'm not even really sick, you moron!" "You don't get to decide that, I do." "Then decide it already!" "Take your medicine!" "Not a chance!" "I mean it, Nico!" "Bite me, Solace!" The Apollo camp healers all sighed. This was the seventh time in the last three months that Nico di Angelo had been forced into medical treatment by his surprisingly tenacious boyfriend, and it was already proving to be just as overdramatic as the first six occurrences. Thankfully, they had long since decided that the stash of earplugs from the supply closet was just going to live in the break area, within easy reach. Will appeared from behind the partition in front of Nico's bed, rolling his eyes as he stalked back to the small folding table that served him as a desk when he needed one. He dropped onto his rolling stool and began scribbling on a patient file. "Attitude- improving," he mumbled to himself as his spidery handwriting spread across the page. "How long is he here this time?" Kayla called exasperatedly from across the room. "Until I say he can leave!" Will retorted without missing a beat. "How long until they get past the 'bickering like an old married couple' stage?" someone else muttered. "Depends on how long until I run out of patience and kill him!" Nico shouted from behind his partition. "Bring it on, Death Boy!" Will hollered. "I said not to call me that!" "BOTH OF YOU, SHUT IT!" screeched Kayla. "Or so help me Zeus, I will kick both of you out of this infirmary!" Will and Nico both fell silent, but Will could feel Nico glaring daggers at his back. The blond sighed, rubbing his blue eyes. He'll get over it, he thought tiredly. Eventually he'll learn how to deal with people who care about him. Half and hour later, when the dinner bell rang, Will stopped by Nico's bed on his way out of the infirmary. "Hey," he said warmly, placing a hand on Nico's leg. "You want me to bring you something to eat?" Nico shrugged. He had a book in his hands, but the unfocused look in his eyes told Will that he wasn't really reading it. "Nah, I'm not hungry," Nico said. "Tell the others I said hi from prison." He spoke in a near-monotone, but the slight twitch at the corners of his mouth betrayed the joke. "You know I'm going to bring something anyway," Will said seriously. "You have to eat if you want to be healthy." "I'm fine, Will, really," Nico said more firmly. "You know I'll tell you if I feel like there's really a problem. And I'll eat when I get hungry." "If you say so." Will shrugged, and leaned down to give his boyfriend a kiss on the cheek. His skin was cool and pale, but not ice-cold like it had been in the past. Moreover, Nico let him do it. Two months ago, he would have punched Will in the stomach if he'd tried such a move. Will sincerely wished Nico would at least act like he appreciated the attention, but that was Nico for you. "I'll be back after dinner. Enjoy your book." "Yeah." Nico waved absently as Will disappeared out the infirmary door. "Hey, Will!" Will was headed to the infirmary with a tray for Nico, but stopped when he heard his name. Turning, he saw Jason Grace jogging to catch up to him. "Piper wanted me to check on you," Jason said casually. "She said you were a little quiet at dinner." "I'm fine," Will assured the son of Jupiter. "Nico's just being a pain, as usual." Jason raised a brow. "That's probably not a good 'as usual' to have, bro," he said seriously. "What's going on?" Will shrugged. "What else?" he said tiredly. "He doesn't want me or anyone else caring if he lives or dies. It really is fine, Jason, I can handle one rogue son of Hades. Even if he does have his father's personality sometimes." Jason winced at the sting in Will's voice. "I don't know, man," he said carefully. "You might not want to push him too far. Nico's…different." "I know that ," Will said with a hollow laugh. He adjusted so the he held Nico's tray in one hand, using the other to rake his messy blond hair out of his eyes. "He never stops reminding me. I'm starting to wonder if he's ever going to wake up and smell the ambrosia. He broods because he's 'so alone', but he won't let anyone get close enough to fix the problem." Looking closer, Jason could see the haunting in Will's eyes. He was pouring out all he had for the son of Hades, and while Jason and his friends could see that Will was making more progress than anyone had ever done before, it still wasn't enough. Will was a stand-up sort of guy with a good attitude most of the time, but how long could he take the constant strain of dealing with Nico di Angelo? The dark-haired Italian had a seriously intense amount of baggage to be bringing into any relationship, romantic or otherwise. If Will wasn't careful, he could break under its weight. Jason decided to take at least some control of the situation. "Give me that," he said abruptly. He reached out and took Nico's dinner tray. "You're not in any condition to talk to him right now. You need a break." "I'm fine-" Will started to protest, but Jason cut him off. "No, you're not fine," he said, exasperated. "Gods, you two are a perfect pair, you're both stubborn as mules. I will take Nico his dinner, and you are going to find somewhere else to be until the campfire." Will threw up his hands. "Fine!" he said. "Just remind him to put some more of that balm I gave him on his shoulder wound." Without another word, Will turned and stalked away. The scowl on his face, Jason noticed, didn't really suit him, but it was amusingly reminiscent of Nico. Sighing, Jason turned in the direction of the infirmary. If he didn't get there soon, Nico's food was going to get cold. Still, he couldn't help but walk a bit slowly, his mind clouded. Will Solace was the best thing to ever happen to Nico di Angelo, but if they were going to make it, they would have to be on the same page. There's got to be something we can do, Jason thought. He made up his mind to hash it out with Piper later. When Jason arrived at the infirmary, Nico had his headphones on, listening to music while he read his book. They looked like good, expensive headphones, the kind that block out all outside sound. It was almost a full minute before Nico even noticed Jason standing there. Once he finally saw him, Nico placed his bookmark and slipped off the headphones. "Hey," he said. He nodded at the tray in Jason's hand. "I'm guessing Will made you bring that?" Jason shrugged. "I offered," he said. "Hadn't seen you since you got thrown in lockup again. They should just make this bed yours forever." Wryly, Nico tugged on the blanket that covered the bed, hiking it up so that Jason could see the end. On the baseboard at the foot of the bed, the infirmary minders had placed a small chalkboard plaque with "Death Boy" written on it, along with a few crudely drawn skulls. Jason snorted. "How nice of them," he said sarcastically. He set the tray of food on Nico's bedside table, then took a seat on the bed. Nico wordlessly pulled his feet aside so the son of Jupiter could sit comfortably. He glanced at the food tray, scowled, and reached for his book once more. "You're not even going to eat it?" Jason asked, puzzled. Nico sighed. "I told him I wasn't hungry," he said, "But he doesn't listen to me anymore. Nothing I say will convince him that I'm perfectly capable of getting dinner myself, when I'm actually hungry." "That doesn't seem fair," Jason wheedled carefully. "He's just trying to make sure you take care of yourself. Face it, Neeks, you don't exactly have the best track record." "That doesn't mean I need a nursemaid," Nico snapped. He sighed again, and raked an angry hand through his raven hair. "I don't…I don't know what to do with him," he muttered, frustration apparent in his every gesture. His hands were clenched into fists, shaking with the effort of trying to open them. Jason leaned over, concerned. He reached out a hand, but remembered Nico's hatred of being touched, and pulled it back. "Nico…" he said softly. The son of Hades shook his head, his eyes shut tight as if he were trying to put together a mental jigsaw puzzle. "Thanks for the dinner tray, Jason," Nico mumbled. "And for coming by. But don't worry. I'm fine." He obviously wasn't fine by any means, but Jason recognized the dismissal. He wasn't going to get any more from Nico. He stood up and headed for the door, worry clouding his mind. He paused in the doorway to glance back, and saw that Nico had picked up his headphones again. The look on the son of Hades' face was etched with worry and fear. It was a look Jason had hoped to never see on Nico's face again. Something was definitely very wrong. Jason decided to talk to Will at the campfire that night, and left. Had he stayed another few minutes, Jason might have heard the sound of shattering plastic, as though a pair of very nice headphones made forceful contact with a brick wall. Will Solace was a friendly, usually upbeat kind of guy. He always found someone to talk to. Even when he had Nico and his dark cloud of angst around, Will generally managed to smile and be sociable. That was not the case at tonight's campfire. Tonight, Will sat alone, toward the back of the amphitheater, his elbows braced on his knees in a hunched position. His gaze was focused intently on the ground. He didn't appreciate being directed away from his own boyfriend. If anyone knew what was best for Nico, it was him…not Jason "Mr. Perfect" Grace. Will thought he was going to raise the dead himself when Jason, of all people, slid up next to him. "Hey," the son of Jupiter said quietly. "Can we talk?" Curtly, Will nodded. "I think there's something going on with Nico," Jason said seriously. "I went to talk to him and he's…he's acting weird, even for him. He's been doing so much better lately, I thought he was making progress with people, but now it just looks like he's backsliding. I haven't seen him this anxious since…" He trailed off, but they both knew what he was thinking. Since Gaea. "I've tried asking him about it," Will said wearily, "But he won't say a word." "That's the thing…" Jason hesitated. When Will met his eyes, he swallowed nervously. "I was thinking," Jason said slowly, "-that maybe you should talk to Reyna." Will sat up. "Reyna?" he repeated. Jason nodded. "Reyna really understands Nico," he said with a shrug. "If anyone would know why he's acting weird, it's probably