Chapter 1 Fred didnt even have the chance to finish his statement before it all changed, "You're joking, Perce! You actually are joking [...] I don't think I've heard you joke since you were –"It felt like fire and ice simultaneously blasting through his chest. He was alost voice in a hall of echoes. One second, he saw Percy standing beside him,finally becoming the man worthy of the name of weasley and then... the voice Fred has used for 20 years was gone, a whisper now;breathless. But he was still here, still in the battle, only now a spectator from a third party felt cold but no pain now. He was still Fred Weasley,but not the man that stood along side his brother,fighting for a cause worth dieing for;he was Fred Weasley,the shadow of a prankster,not willing to let go of this world. Not willing to let go of his brother,George. He was disoriented from all the lights and sounds but he shook his head clear and refocused his vision. He was next to Percy,but Percy's face was contorted in pain and agony,red and streaming with tears. Fred watched as percy had dropped to his knees,shaking him furiously. "wake up dammit! Fred! This isnt funny. I hate your jokes." He continued to try and shake Fred back in to consciousness but he was gone. The realization hit percy like a blow to the stomach. His chest tightened and his ears rang. On his knees,he pulled fred up and held him tight to his chest and a yell of pain escaped his lips. He may have not taken physical damage but there was now a wound that could not be seen. Percy felt like he would be sick and was suddenly weak. "I'm not leaving you buddy. I'm staying right here.I'm so sorry" Percy sobbed as the tears streamed down his face on to Fred's chest. Just then,Harry was running down the corridor past the place he knew to hold the room of requirement and then he saw it. He saw Percy on his knees clutching tight to Fred,his arms around his lifeless sensation hit him like a wave. The hall suddenly felt flooded and he was drowning in couldn't was gasping as he tried to swim to the surface and break through into the reality of what washappening."No,no,no" He exhaled. Harry felt sadness,anger,longing and weak. He ran to Percy. He wanted to give up and grieve with him but he knew he too Dangerous,harry thought. "Percy,we have to go,now!" The words burned like acid in his mouth;eating at his tongue. No part of him wanted to leave but he fought the urge to cry and tore him self was half turned when Percy's words stopped him in his tracks. "I'm not leaving him. I cant.I need to stay with his body safe,ya know? i want to make sure he stays put so he can be buried in the way he deserves and not just part of the rubble." Harry looked around quickly,thinking fevererly. He has to do something quickly because They have to move fast. Fred stood beside him didnt quite understand what was happening but he knew he had to do all he could to keep his brother and friend safe so they could join the rest of the family and leaned close to harry ,whispered in his ear"I'll be safe,just move my body behind the suit of armor and promise you"ll come back for me" Harry wasnt quite sure what caused him to feel this way but he suddenly felt reassured that it was necessary to move on to another part of the castle. "Percy",he said as he reach for Fred's feet,"help me move him. We can hide him behind this suit of armor,he'll be fine here,i 'll come back for him when we can bring the family. Everyone else will make it out of this. I'll make damn sure i don't lose another member of my family." Tears still swelling in his eyes, threatening to spill over,Percy agreed and placed his arms under Fred's and helped hoist the body and place it gently behind the armor. Harry took off down the corridor to join the battle and percy lingered for another moment."listen,I'm sorry for everything i have ever done. I'm sorry i left you guys and didnt see what was truly right in this world.I promise you now,and for the rest of my life,i will never,ever abandoned our family again. I'm going to finish this fight,but it will be for you.I love you more than i was ever able to tell you while you where alive but i am telling you now and i hope,some how,some way,you hear me." Percy squeezed Fred's hand one last time,and took off in the direction Harry went. Fred was left there,awe struck and wanted nothing more than to wrap his brother in an embrace and reassure him that he was forgiven and loved in return and he never harbored hard feelings. Regrets start to fill his head. "oh no"he thought,"mum!what will she do?" He started to run after Percy,but he couldnt feel his legs moving. There was no muscles reacting to the strides,he knew he was running but felt like floating. he heard no steps coming from his feet slamming against the stone had no idea what was happening right now,he would just have to figure it out later,for now,he accepted he was dead and that he couldn't change this. He just needed to go check on his family and do what he could to keep them safe. Fred sprinted,or at least what he thought would be sprinting,down the corridor to the Great Hall where the battle continued to rage of screaming and Hexing where echoing in his directions. He could hear cries and spells crashing Off of walls and blasting holes in the walls and destroying statues. He hearded panicked Breathing and loud foot steps as a fellow student ran and child fled The hall. The child ran right through Fred and both felt a sensation they have never had Before. He felt as though he was a cloud or a puff of smoke that someone had blew air through,like he was a mist that was separated by wind and come back strudent,who he recognized to be a second year Hufflepuff,stopped in his haste And turned around to see what he possible had ran through. He breathed heavily,with a Terrified expression on his hesitation lasted no more than half a minute before He turned back around and continued to run away from the battle. Fred has no way to even Think of what he just experienced. "someone just ran through my bloody body!" He thought to himself. Then he let out a faint laugh as he joked to no one but himself "well ,not bloody body,bloodless!" How he wished George would have been there with him. He would have played off of Fred's joke and found the humor in it even though it's a Sad reality. Chapter 2 Fred finally made his way to the Great Hall,which was usually a place of joy for him. It was the place where year after year they won the house cup and where he shared dinners with His friends and siblings and the ones who became family. He laughed and planned for his joke shop with his brother And often found a way to infuriate Hermione with his and his brothers Ideas and trying out skiving snack boxes. At first, he and George didn't mean to Upset Hermione but eventually it grew to be a sense of enjoyment,watching her face Turn red and she would choke on her words as she tried to convince Fred and George to Give up the ridiculous scheme and continue study and working to a better laughed as he remembered the howler that his mother once sent Ron in front of everyone sitting at the heart ached at the thought he wouldn't share those moments anymore. The hall was always a place of laughter,love and friendship,but now was the scene to a horrible battle filled with terrible casualties. As the view of the large room came in to his sight,there was so much death and Fighting going on. To his right, Tonks was deep in a duel with Bellatrix Lestrange while Her back was against her husband's,Lupin, who was engaged in a fight with Antonin Dolohov . Fred watched in fear for his friends whom he loved and supported like family. Tonks and Lupin have always inspired him and his siblings to fight for whats right,love whom makes your heart happy and soul complete and most of all,to always stand by your friends. Bellatrix Shrieked in her whiny voice "AVADA KADABRA!" as she flicked her wand forward with such the power of an experience death eater. Evil oozed out of her skin as the words left her lips. The blast of the spell hit Tonks square in the chest and within that instant,she was gone and her body crumpled to the stone floor. Bellatrix let out a shrill laugh,much like the one when she had when she made Sirus take his last Breath. Fred felt his stomach lunge and turn with anger. He wanted nothing more than to consume Bellatrix's life like the fire deep in his soul that was lit the moment Tonks flame burned out. The feeling that his wife was no longer behind him and the laugh of Bellatrix forced Lupin to turn looked down to see his wife,lying on the floor,eyes open with a shocked but frozen expression on her face. His insides felt like they were bursting and he felt more pain the he had ever felt in his life. Within that moment,he just lost his wife,best friend,soul mate and the mother to his newly born child. A tear escaped his eyes and ran down his scarred skin felt like it was being ripped off his body and an anger ingnited a fire within his belly. He had only been turned for a few seconds but it was too late. His love made him careless .He turned back and Antonin had already cast the killing curse himself and hit him hard. Lupin died next to Tonks,their bodies lying on the floor next to each other,their head almost connected. BellaTrix and Antonin ran off to find another person to inflict pain on as Fred stood there frozen in thought to what he just bared witness too. Maybe this is a dream,maybe he is just still knocked out in the corridor and Percy is trying to Wake him up. How could he just witness two amazing and skilled wizards just lose their life to awful scum, not even worthy to breathe the same air as they had. Fred felt his chest tighten,where his heart would be if it was still beating. He stared in disbelief at what has been his dear friends, Lupin and Tonks. As he looked at their lifeless bodies,feeling sorrow,he felt a sudden tap on his shoulder,"but that's impossible" he thought to himself. "No one can see me,can they?" He slowly turned around to find Tonks and Lupin standing there,shoulder to shoulder with fear in their eyes. " Say it isn't so,you cant be here now,your parents will be crushed." Lupin said with a pained voice. "How,Fred?" " Honestly mate,I don't know,"replied Fred. "One moment I was next to Percy and I was fine and there with him and then next BAM! I wasn't. But I was,just not like I had been,Ya know? I was next to him but I wasn't myself anymore. I felt weightless." " I'm so sorry" Tonks breathed as she took a step forward and wrapped her arms around Fred and squeezed him tightly. " But what about you guys?" Fred asked. "You're leaving Teddy behind" " yes," Lupin replied," but he isn't without love. His grandmother will take care of him the same as he did my dear wife here," He turned his head and laid a