Disclaimer: All things Harry Potter are not mine, though I would happily beg for Lucius! (And I don't mean my dog, I didn't have to beg for him, and yes, my dog's name is Lucius). AN: This is my first foray into the HP world of writing, so I pray you don't judge me too harshly. This is not beta read, so if there is something glaringly out of place (and I'm certain there is), please feel free to PM me. Suggestions and concrit are kindly received if kindly given. I wasn't going to post this until it was finished, but I thought to see if it was worth continuing and if I'm at least in the right ballpark. I do hope you enjoy my meager offering. I am also taking suggestions for a proper title as titles are my bane. *lol* Well, without further ado... . . Chapter 1: "Burning Cinders" "In order to rise From its own ashes A phoenix First Must Burn." ― Octavia E. Butler Hermione stood stiffly in a darkened alcove, trying desperately to divert attention away from herself. She knew those in closest proximity had witnessed the barely hissed argument between Ron and herself, but more than that, Ron leaving with a bright red handprint across his cheek and another witch on his arm had drawn more attention than she thought she could abide. She was certain the Prophet would be gleefully spouting the story of their separation to the public by morning, something they had managed to keep strictly under wraps until now. The wizarding gossip mongers would surely love nothing more than to sink their teeth into the story and speculate how their falling out would affect the dynamics between "The Golden Trio" now that the cat was so spectacularly out of the bag. She was equally mortified that she'd let her emotions get the best of her at all, but at a social event? Even more humiliating, at a charity benefit held at—ironically—none other than Malfoy Manor. She'd almost laughed aloud when she received the invitation to be a guest speaker, but the ensuing onset of trepidation resulting from the location had effectively snuffed the urge. With trembling fingers, she'd screwed up her Gryffindor courage and owled her acceptance. The purpose of the speeches and subsequent festivities were designed to encourage the raising of funds for the continued support of children orphaned by the war, a cause she championed, and her sole reason for even considering stepping foot into the loathsome mansion once more. There were no good memories for her here, despite the apparent efforts of the Malfoy's to continue redeeming themselves and their name. However, as a leading charity supporter and post-war heroine, she had a requisite position to fulfil, even if it was self-imposed. The nerve of that prat, she fumed silently, her thoughts coming around to bear on her current situation once more. Slinking further into the shadows of the alcove, she fought to maintain her composure. She knew she could be hot-tempered, but she had thought she'd learned to show more restraint than that. And if Ron thought inspiring her to jealousy was the way to rekindle the spark in their relationship, he was sadly mistaken. Instead, it only served to show her that, perhaps, there was nothing left in their relationship worth salvaging. The burgeoning fire she had felt for him during the war and the subsequent short handful of years following had slowly died to a few stubborn coals among the ashes. Tonight, he had effectively snuffed the last remaining embers. She thought she should feel something over it, sadness at what they no longer shared, or anger at his pathetic attempt to manipulate her. Well, she did feel anger, but not for the reasons he'd intended. She felt anger and... regret. Not regret over a relationship lost, but regret at years wasted trying to keep a semblance of their relationship alive. She was stubborn that way; it was not in her nature to just give up without a fight. Perhaps that was the Gryffindor in her. Perhaps if he'd ever tried romancing her instead... Hermione shook her head. No. Ron didn't have a romantic bone in his body. His charm was superficial and woefully one-dimensional when it came to her. She'd found it sort of sweet once, but as time wore on, she began to feel more suffocated by it than charmed. She leant back against the wall, her downcast eyes taking in the vibrant crimson of her Muggle evening gown. Red... the colour of love...or rage, she mused. How ironic. Both were acclaimed emotions with a strong basis in passion, but she'd never felt the intensity in the former that she presently did in the latter. That kind of fervour had never existed in her relationship with Ron. In fact, beyond the ardour of lust found in the first blush of new love, she wasn't sure it existed at all. Maybe that was why romance novels were written in such profuse abundance, as a way to bring the fantasy to life for hundreds of souls seeking to satisfy that elusive connection in their mundane relationships. She picked at the material of her gown. Knowing the calibre of the guests that a social function orchestrated by the wealthy family was likely to draw, she'd done some serious fashion research and then shopped specifically for this event. She'd ended up with a simple, but stylish piece. Never one to be too ostentatious, she was satisfied with her final selection. The floor length gown she'd chosen boasted no sparkling adornments but was a deep and vibrant hue of crimson, the halter-top plunging into a daring V between the swell of her breasts to be arrested by a sash of burnished gold. Made of a rich, voluptuous satin that hugged her torso and fell in a gossamer cascade from her waist, it also boasted a decadent chiffon overlay that swirled behind her like waves cresting on a blood red ocean, and when she moved, it revealed a provocative slit in the side that soared nearly up to mid-thigh. Coupled with an elegant chignon, some strategically placed curls, and a pair of matching opera length gloves, the total effect was that the empire styled gown made her feel beautiful, confident; the proverbial Cinderella going to the ball instead of the sacrificial lamb returning to the altar of its once near-demise. She was certain that her feelings about the manor would never change, no matter how many pretty garlands were strung from its rafters. She had seen with her own eyes the darkness that had once dwelled here, now hidden behind the gaiety. And now, more than ever, she wished midnight would strike the hour and end the nightmare her evening had become. She was only thankful that speeches had been spoken, the banquet indulged, and the function had moved into the ballroom proper for social intermingling and entertainment. A light touch on her arm startled her out of her dark musings. "Are you okay, Hermione?" She looked up into the worried eyes of her dearest friend, Harry. "Yeah, I'll be all right, for tonight at least. Who knows about tomorrow?" she shrugged. He nodded, his brow furrowed in concern. "Here, I thought you might like a drink," he said, handing her one of the two flutes of champagne he held. "Thank you, Harry, that was very thoughtful of you," she responded quietly, taking a small sip of the fizzy, golden liquid. The effervescence of the champagne was entirely too cheery as it danced over her tongue, she thought, somewhat uncharitably. Harry seemed to vacillate over what to say to her next, his expression one of uncertain consideration. "I know now isn't the appropriate time," he finally said, his voice pitched for her ears only, "but if you want to talk, I'm here for you, Hermione." "I know," she gave him a small smile. "I think I just need to get through this night and then get away for a bit." The look he gave her was questioning, but he said nothing. Hermione could clearly read the silence as if he'd spoken aloud, however. "Don't worry, Harry, nothing so drastic. I still have my dignity. I was thinking maybe it's time I took a holiday, that's all. Spend some time rethinking the direction my life is taking while all this blows over." She made a vague gesture toward the general vicinity of the main room. "Of course, Hermione, that sounds like a sensible plan," but his tone belied his uncertainty as he placed his hand on her arm, giving it a gentle squeeze. She sighed. Despite his well-meaning intentions, she really just wanted to be alone. "Look, I'll talk to you later, all right? I promise. But if you don't mind, I think I'm going to finish this glass of champagne and find a way to gracefully exit this nightmare." Harry nodded at her as she excused herself from his company, his demeanour clearly one of the sympathetic friend. She'd barely made it thirty paces along the wall from the alcove before she felt the brush of fingertips along her upper arm. With fire flashing in her eyes, she spun around to meet the pale, ice blue eyes of Draco Malfoy. "Everything all right, Granger?" She gave him a twisted smile that bordered on the edges of being a sneer. Even though they had not attended Hogwart's for several years now and she had since married, the younger Malfoy male had never ceased calling her by her maiden name—not that she had more contact with him than was absolutely necessary. Somehow, the Malfoy men invariably participated in many of the same committees and fundraisers she did, and while they still kept to themselves with that characteristic insouciance that seemed bred into the pureblood families, their circles had crossed paths more often than she'd thought would be possible after the war. She had to admit, albeit grudgingly, that they did seem sincere in their stance to reconcile with the community, either by donating to—or outright funding—many of the post-war charities that had sprung up afterwards to rebuild the school and support the children of those families they had helped to destroy. Hermione saw it as an underhanded attempt to make wizarding Britain beholden to the wealthy family once more. A hidden agenda that wouldn't be revealed until they were ready to step back into politics and ultimately clear their name. Where every galleon they'd spent in "charity" would curry favours carefully nurtured to return some sort of political dispensation from within the Ministry. "Sure, Draco. As I'm sure you have seen, everything is just dandy, isn't it?" her tone was caustic. Cool amusement lit his eyes at her response, but her sarcasm didn't ruffle him. "As you say, Granger, but my father would be terribly disappointed in my abilities as a host if I didn't make myself available to offer you a moment's reprieve away from prying eyes and ears." He looked pointedly at a pair of older witches who were trying to mask their obvious interest in their exchange. Realising they'd been caught, they hurriedly shuffled into the crowd. Hermione huffed and took a sip of her champagne. "Your offer is kind, Draco, but I think it would be best if I just called it an evening." Draco cocked his head at her. "How unlike a Gryffindor to run away at the first sign of trouble." Hermione bristled, then seeing the smirk on his arrogant face, realised he was baiting her and relaxed. "I call it a tactical retreat. And besides, wouldn't a 'reprieve' also be considered running away?" "Perhaps, though I would consider it more along the lines of regrouping with the intent to return." "Doesn't that sound an awful lot like 'he who fights and runs away will live to fight another day? '" He gave her a sly smile. "Depends on your definition of 'tactical