This story was originally submitted for the Fandom4TwiFanG compilation. It will be expanded to a short story! Much love to my friend and trusty beta, Magnolia822, and my prereaders Kitty & TropicalSorbet (who came up with the title!). Much love to Lolypop82 for making the awesome banner for this story. As always, SM owns it all. I make her characters even cooler. . "Incoming!" The office springs from its post lunch hour droop and in an instant, energy levels buzz around me. There's only one thing in this whole place that would incite the crazy... "Cullen's on the way up!" I hear Mike's disembodied voice from a few cubicles down. "Shit," I hiss, quickly putting away my Inked and Tattoo magazines and closing out my gossip websites. Jane flutters around in the next cubicle like a headless chicken. She's Cullen's PA, and not a very good one. I can hear papers being shuffled around. Poor kid. The blonde was strong with this one. I hear a thump and an "Oh, crap!" from her before poking my head around the partition to survey the fail. Her half-empty coffee mug is knocked over, its contents soaking papers that most likely were somewhat important at some point. Since I'm her unofficial assistant from time to time, I figure now is a good moment to act the part. "Jane, chill out, I'll clean this up. You get yourself together," I say calmly, waving her off. She looks up at me with the most fearful blue eyes, somewhat relieved. "Oh, Bella, thank you! Here, take care of this!" She orders, thrusting a wad of napkins from her drawer and eyeing the mug and coffee-stained documents. I do the best I can, patting the excess liquid quickly, but unable to take the stain out. Bummer. Just then the ding of the elevator rings out like an omen of doom and everyone holds their breath and proceeds to act busy- keyboards clicking away like chattering teeth. Cullen's entrance is a slow motion movie moment, really. That's the only way I can describe it. And I've only seen it a few times since I started working here three months ago. From where I'm sitting, all I can see is an unruly mess of penny-colored hair bobbing in and out of view from over the partition as he walks. And a jaw. That's about it. He's in the corner office, of course, since he's CEO of Cullen Energy, Inc. Apparently, it's a recent development since he only took over for his retired grandfather a month before I started here. I haven't seen much of him, having witnessed only two other office freak outs like this one. Cullen's door shuts with purpose and there's a collective exhale from the worker bees. Jane's intercom buzzes angrily followed by the boss' rumbling, masculine voice. "Miss Voltur, please bring me the proposals I requested earlier... quickly, please." Well, at least he said 'please'. "Yes, Mr. Cullen." Jane quickly shifts more papers around, and I swear she does that just to look important. She grabs the papers she needs, including the brown, stained one. This is not going to end well. Cullen is known to be a bit of a perfectionist and kind of an ass. Oh, no. This won't end well at all. She flits away in a huff towards his office and disappears behind the closing door. I'm knee-deep in data entry about five minutes later when I hear Cullen's door click open followed by a teary-eyed Jane speed-walking back to her desk. I stare at her, along with the rest of our office mates as she takes out a small box and starts collecting her things. "Jane?" I whisper. "Just don't, Bella. I fucked up. He fired me. End of story," she sniffs. "Oh, Jane... Um, I'm..." "Oh, please, Bella. You never really liked me. I know that. You don't have to act like you care," she hisses, throwing her One Direction calendar in the box and grabbing her purse. She's kinda right, I guess. It's not that I don't like her, though, I just have nothing in common with her. Because really... One Direction ? Cue eye roll. She's gone in an instant, saying goodbye to Lauren, the receptionist around the corner before slipping into the elevator. Well, that's that. Everyone around me pretty much goes back to work, so I figure the drama's over. Around four my phone buzzes on my desk. Hey slut. We're still on for later? My best friend, Rose. Sure thing h00r. Got some sketches 2 show u 4 the torso piece u wanted. -B Cool beans. I'll order some vindaloo from that place you like. -R Don't forget the mango lassis. My mouth will die w/o them. -B You're such a drama queen. 3 stars isn't spicy. -R Says the girl who thinks 5 stars is a walk in the park. -B Ha ha. See you later woman. -R I'm getting back to my oh-so-exciting data screen just before I hear Cullen's door open. It's like a Pavlovian response here and everyone once again holds its breath. It's usually around this time that Cullen's out the door to do whatever high-society snobs like him do after ordering people around all day. But no. Not today. Today, I notice incredulously, he walks towards my side of the floor. He couldn't be... What the hell? He's at my side a moment later, leaning against the partition that once divided my cubicle from Jane's. He eyes her empty space before turning back to me and, for the first time, I catch a full glimpse of the man. Well, whaddayaknow. The man is fine. The Jaw's in full effect, perfectly smooth skin and blazing green eyes. And speaking of blazing, the hair. The hair's a riot of burnt sienna... and maybe a little yellow oxide. I can't help it, I speak in paint colors. His black suit is perfectly tailored and fitted, like perfectly. It's a little too much for my senses. Oh, wait. He's talking. Shit. "Miss Swan?" "I'm sorry. What did you say?" God, I sound like a moron. He narrows his eyes at me and eyes my own workspace before repeating himself. "I said," he pauses to breathe. Apparently, he's also impatient. "Miss Voltur is no longer employed at Cullen Energy and therefore, you will be my acting PA until a suitable replacement has been hired." What? "Um, sir. I appreciate your trust in my abilities, but I'm hardly qualified for the position. I'm just a data person." "Nonsense. Don't think it has escaped my attention that you were the one responsible for cleaning up Miss Voltur's messes time and time again. LIke I said, it's temporary until I can interview and hire a new assistant. That said, I need these proposals re-typed. They're stained and unacceptable. I trust you'll make them perfect." That's when I notice the file in his other hand, and when he places it on my desk right next to my keyboard, I look down. His long fingers rest on the file, and my eyes follow upwards until I see something that totally screws with my brain. Ink. Just a sliver of black ink peaks out from under his very expensive looking silver watch and cuffed sleeve, right on the wrist. Cullen's tatted up. This is a new development. And I'm totally turned on. "By lunch time tomorrow, Miss Swan. Yes?" Shit. He's talking again. When I look up, he's staring at me like I must be crazy. I must be. I clear my throat nervously before replying. "Yes, Cullen... I mean, yes, Mr. Cullen, sir. I'll have that done and come for you... I mean... come to you tomorrow with the proposals. You can count on me, sir, Mr. Cullen... sir." Shit. I'm an imbecile. His brow arches before he straightens and walks away. "Oh, my God," I mutter to myself, still trying to make sense of what I just saw. My hot boss is inked up, and I'm dying to find out how inked up he is. It's totally wrong on every level. A minute later, he's out the door making his normal beeline to the elevator, but this time, he looks around before locking his gaze on me. It's unreadable, but it's still acknowledgement. Well, that's new. ... "This is pretty baddass, Bella. When can we start?" Rose peers over my sketches for the torso piece we've been back and forth on for the last two months. Well, it started as a torso piece but now it's evolved to a torso wrapping to the back and up the shoulder. "Yeah? You don't think it's too much? I mean, cherry blossoms are really popular now and I just wanted yours to be a little different." "No, no, this is perfect. I kinda like the idea of the roots being more prominent at the waist and growing up and over like that. It's going to rock, girl," she assures me, taking the last swig of her glass of wine. I'm pretty damn proud of myself. Rose has been my canvas for the last year or so, starting from a tiny skull key on her wrist to full blown concepts. "I bet your painting teachers never imagined you'd use your art background for this stuff, eh? All those stuffy ass gallery types..." she trails off as she puts the empty plates in the kitchen. "Well, it's still art to me; I'm just using skin instead of paper or canvas," I reply, still tweaking my design just so. "So, what about this guy, your boss." She's at my side again with a second glass of wine watching me draw. "You stopped the story when the chick was fired, what happened after?" "Ugh, it's still completely surreal to me, Rose. Turns out my boss, Mr. Cullen, comes out of his office towards me, which he never ever does, and tells me I'm acting PA until he can hire someone else." "Shit, I hope that comes with a raise." "You know? I don't even know. I guess I'll have to ask him. But, Rose, that wasn't the kicker. He leaves the file on my desk just in time for me to notice he's inked. I couldn't tell what it was but it was definitely peaking out from under his sleeve." I shiver, re-living it while I tell her the story. "Fuck me. Is he cute?" she asks, eyes wide and interested. I take a deep breath and sigh. "Holy shit, Rose. It's ridiculous how hot he is. I don't even know why I didn't notice before. Oh, wait, yes I do. It's because he'd never stepped foot on my side of the office until today," I rest my head on my open sketchbook. "Well, what the fuck are you waiting for? You're going to be his PA now, at least for a while. Maybe you'll become somewhat professionally personal with him and you can straight out ask him about the ink." I turn my head, still resting on the pages, and narrow my eyes at her. "Professionally personal?" "Yeah, you know. What his Starbucks order is, what he likes on his sandwiches, what days to pick up his suits from the cleaners. You'll know his entire social calendar and have to stop by his megalomaniac penthouse to water his plants while he's out of town," she says, waggling her perfect eyebrows. "Rose, you watch too many movies. Jane never did any of those things. Well, except for the coffee and the cleaners. But mostly it's just typing things out for him and setting up appointments and syncing his iPhone." "Well then, there you go. Access to his iPhone could give you valuable info on the guy. He's probably going to want your number too so he can keep you on call. Maybe one of these days he'll call after hours wanting you to come over his place and 'synch his iphone...in bed'." She says