Hi all! Long time no post! I wrote this OS a while back for the Fandom for Mental Health compilation. Special thanks to the wonderful Cejsmom Watson for her quick beta skills and Tropical Sorbet for pre-reading! A very special thanks to the ladies who put this compilation together… very proud to be a part of it! Wet Paint "So, they found someone for the mural." Bella Swan glanced from her painting at Alice, her friend, and co-organizer at the Clark City Community Arts Center. Bella was working on a painting of her beloved Forks, Washington, the little town that represented every wonderful childhood summer spent with her father, Charlie. It's also where she attended high school when her carefree mother decided to live her own life with her new husband, Phil. She created the Center with Alice when they—an art teacher and music teacher, respectively— realized the kids of the community would need a creative outlet after the art and music programs were cut from the local public schools. It was a very long and tedious project, but at the end, it was exactly what they wanted. Bella saw their Center grow quickly after just two years. They were even able to hire a couple of art and music students from the local community college to teach classes part time. Things were looking up, with local support coming from business and individuals alike. One of those big donations was an anonymous one, detailing a mural that was to be done by one of the many well-known street artists from the art district nearby. That area of the city, only years before, had been nothing more than warehouses and low income housing, and not the best neighborhood. It was prime real estate for the many artists who couldn't afford large working studios, but could totally rent a large warehouse in a touch-and-go neighborhood. Street art and graffiti flooded every surface of the 10 city blocks, and suddenly it was the "it" place to be. That's what art did. It gentrified communities and breathed new life into them. "Great," Bella replied, resting her brush on her work table. "Do we know who it is yet?" Alice stared at her laptop screen, searching for the info. "Yes. Someone named Culprit . Hmm. Interesting choice." Bella stood up and walked towards Alice's desk. "I know that name. I see it tagged in a few pieces around town. No one knows who he is. Or She. Could be a she, right? They're very Banksy about what they do. Everything is done at night. Do we get to meet them?" Bella peered over Alice's shoulder to read what was presumably an email detailing the project. "Yes ma'am. Seems they're using this project to 'out' themselves, so to speak." Bella's eyes widened. "What? They're going to expose themselves with our little project? That's so odd. Why would they do that?" Alice shrugged. "Who knows. Kind of cool though. It's going to give us a lot of press exposure. If this person is as notorious as you say, this could bring in a lot of donations and support to the Center. Way cool," she clapped and wiggled in her seat like a twelve-year-old. Bella read over the email and found what she was looking for. "Ah, I see. We're meeting the artist after the work is done. They'll work at night without eyes on them. They're putting up a tarp to keep eyes and press off of them. Okay. This can work." Bella was happy that at least the walls outside would match the vibrancy and energy of its inhabitants. She'd seen a few pieces by Culprit and loved the colorful waves of patterns and symbolism. She made a mental note to look up more of the artist's work online tonight. "Okay then. it says here they'll start as soon as we hit reply… let's do this, shall we?" Bella grinned at Alice, and she returned it with another seat wiggle. "Yes! Let's do this," she shouted to the empty room and hit REPLY. …WP… After a long day of classes and the busy movement of students in and out of the center, supplies were put in cabinets, the floors were swept and Bella was one tired teacher. But this is what she loved—the bright faces of kids who discovered something they didn't know they were good at. Even exhausted Bella was looking forward to seeing the work of the newly commissioned artist. The email had been sent through the donor's legal counsel to the entity that had set up the commission, and they'd received confirmation that the wall would be started that evening after everyone was gone. Bella's curiosity killed her. She really wanted to get a glimpse of the infamous Culprit. A white van had pulled in an hour ago, but no one had exited in the times she'd looked out the window. She figured they could've come out while she was working and putting last minute stuff away, but she'd made a point to keep an eye on the truck. She decided to head to her office on the other side of the wall, which cut off her visibility of the truck outside. She'd respect their privacy, she'd promised herself. It didn't stop her from looking the artist up on the internet, though. That was totally fair game. Sitting with a cup of tea nearby, she hit Google. Culprit was a street artist who became visible in the local urban art scene about three years ago. According to the Wiki entry, the artist's tag had been seen in areas in and around Paris and Madrid before that, where they created semi-large pieces of limited color palettes. They were beautiful visual poems, Bella thought, and wondered if it all worked together or stood alone as singular pieces. The article described the art as symbols of lost love, with an inkling of hope in its imagery: Doves, anatomical hearts, and lone figures standing in shadows. Bella scrolled through the photographs of the pieces in question. Yes. They were certainly beautiful, and according to what she knew about urban art, were very in tune with the European street art scene. She was in love with the colors, the compositions, the feelings the works engraved on her soul. The article followed Culprit to Clark City, where it stated that it was unclear why Culprit would've chosen the small urban city in the first place. It theorized that perhaps it was a personal decision to return to their hometown, although no one was sure if Clark City was their home to begin with. Bella closed her laptop with more questions than answers. Why was Culprit here? Why had they chosen her little community center as their departure from anonymity? As she gathered her things and headed out to her car, she glanced over to the left where the white van was now partially concealed. A large blue tarp was attached to its roof and sides, connected to PVC framing against the wall that would eventually don what was sure to be an exceptional mural. Her curiosity wanted to pull her towards the tarp, but with a lot of self-control, she walked to her car and drove home. …WP… The next morning, Bella parked her car in her usual spot at the Center and started to walk towards the entrance when she stopped dead in her tracks. Her eyes connected with the faint outlines on the wall where Culprit had been working the night before. It was mesmerizing. It was nothing more than an outline of what was to come, but Bella's artistic vision could see what it would become. A thrill shot through her just thinking about it. It was an anatomical heart, very true to Culprit's usual imagery and style, with its many veins, arteries and chambers drawn so well, that one could practically hear the thrumming of its beats and the roar of its blood pumping. Bella was in a trance. The heart was centered and almost ready for color, she supposed. There was absolutely no indication of what would be added to the left and right of it, though. And that left Bella anxious, if not excited. Sighing deeply, she regained the use of her legs and continued on her way. When she retrieved her keys from her purse to unlock the Center doors she looked up to come face to face with a taped note scratched on a torn piece of drawing paper. Will be back tonight after closing. What do you think of the work so far? -C For a moment, Bella stood there, once again, unable to move. The note wasn't out of the ordinary. There was no reason for her to feel completely out of sorts with regards to Culprit. Maybe it's just a case of a little fangirling, she thought. Regardless, seeing a note written in what presumably was Culprit's fast scrawl was exciting in its mystery. Perhaps that's what they were going for. Like Banksy, their notoriety and their secrecy made them all the more irresistible to fans, and Bella realized she was no exception. With that one note, she'd fallen for the game. She gingerly removed the note and opened the doors to the Center for the day. …WP… "So, are you gonna reply?" Alice eyed the note that Bella had placed in front of her. They both eyed it, as if it would magically come to life. Bella sighed. "Should I? What should I say?" Alice chuckled. "They asked your opinion. It's your Center They want to know what you think. You should respond." "It's our Center." Alice waved her hand dismissively. "Yes, fine, you know what I mean. Don't change the subject." "I'm not changing the subject. You worked just as hard at getting this off the ground as I did. What happens on that wall is as much your opinion as it is mine." "I don't care, Bella. It's a free mural by one of the best urban artists out there, as per your comments. If you're happy with it, so am I." Bella narrowed her eyes at Alice, but finally relented. "Okay, fine. I'll write it." "Great," Alice said, noticing her students already gathering for class. "Gotta go. Lunch later? I want to try that middle eastern place down the street. I need me some baba ghanoush." "Sure, sound good," Bella smiled, watching Alice meet her students through the glass wall of her office. Alice was born to teach, and a born pain in Bella's ass, if she was going to be honest. But, she loved her like a sister. They became fast friends working at the same elementary school back when they were nothing more than novice teachers. Back when the veteran teachers vowed they'd lose their optimism and become jaded like they had. Bella was still waiting for that to happen seven years later. Sure, teachers had to deal with office politics, just like nine-to-fivers, and often it was the adults who killed her buzz. The kids, as challenging as most of them were, were the reason she went to work every day. Unfortunately, the adults in charge believed the budget couldn't withstand arts education, but could withstand pumping more money into school sports programs. She could sit there and brood and get angry, but why? She decided to take her future into her own hands, and what started as a dismissive conversation of what-ifs with Alice, turned into the building she sat in at the moment. The Center was everything to them, and the community had finally opened its arms to it. She had wonderful parent and community volunteers who donated their time, energy, and supplies for these kids. Bella was proud. So very proud. …WP… At the end of the day, Bella once again lagged behind Alice, and the rest of her employees, who were leaving for the day. She used the excuse of having to go over receipts for taxes