Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or Heroes of Olympus. Hello Readers, This is a little brainchild of mine. I've read a few stories where Perseus becomes the King of the Gods and then everyone becomes his lover. But why didn't Zeus do this already if it's so easy? Not to mention enjoyable... Anyways this is my take on it. This story is almost 100% smut, and any plot will only serve to further the smut. Feedback and reviews are appreciated. Flames are not. Also, a beta reader would be great, let me know if you're interested! Without further ado, here's the story! In Camp Halfblood, it was just another day. Mr. D was losing against Chiron in their daily board game battle, the dryads were teasing the campers, and the Stolls were creating chaos. It was a year after the Giant War, and everything was back to normal. The monster levels were down and the gods were content, if a little bored. However, this was soon to change. "ARGHH!" Zeus screamed in frustration. "Why aren't I feared anymore?!" He raged in his palace, angry over the aftermath of the Giant War. Since it was his choice to close off Olympus, he was held responsible for the disasters that followed. Now that they were at peace again, the gods and demigods had remembered his mistakes, and he was a laughingstock. He couldn't remember ever having this little control over the other Olympians, with even Hephaestus mocking him. 'I need to get control over the gods and halfbloods, I can't lose my kingship, but how?' he thought. While he considered his options, from imprisoning those disloyal to him, to making everyone swear oaths on the Styx, he didn't notice the Fates fading into his palace. "If you seek dominance," they said, alerting Zeus of their presence, "then fear is no longer the answer, for those oppressed will rise against you again and again. It is better to be respected than feared, and better still to be loved." "And how should I become loved? I refuse to cater to the wishes of others; they should follow me without question." Zeus replied. After all, a king rules through power not popularity. "If you stay your course, you will be overthrown. Not this year or this decade, but it will come to pass. You must make your change now if you are to make one at all." "And if I change I will rule forever?" The Fates nodded, "Then what must I do to ensure my dominance?" "If you wish to control the devotion of your subjects, you will need more female support. The most effective way to do this is to bind them to you." The Fates had discovered where Ouranos and Kronos had gone wrong, and had given Zeus his opportunity. "How do you expect me to bind every goddess and demigoddess to me?" "That is up to you, but we will grant you any wish to help you in your quest." Zeus immediately knew how he would gain a new loyal base of support, and he knew what he needed to help him along. "Very well, here is what I wish for…" Annabeth blinked in surprise as she vanished from the campsite of the Hunters of Artemis, where she had been visiting Thalia, to the throne room of Olympus. She hadn't been there since the end of the Giant War, where she had been made immortal protector of New York in honour of her mother's role as protector of Athenai. She along with the other Seven had all been given protector positions of past and present strongholds of the gods. However she, Piper and Hazel were the only ones in the United States, with Piper and Hazel guarding Los Angeles (though Piper was there as a chance to see her father). She snapped out of her memories, and looked around the throne room. To her surprise, Zeus was the only other one in the hall, sitting on his throne in one of his sleek pinstriped suits. "Approach my throne Daughter of Athena." He said. He looked at her with a smug, almost anticipatory smile, and shockingly, she felt her core dampen at the sight of him. She walked towards him, hips swaying unconsciously, her juicy ass jiggling alluringly and long legs displayed in her tight jeans and heels. As got closer, she could feel a damp stop in her lacy panties. Once she was at the foot of his throne, she was the horniest she had ever been. "Lord Zeus, what is happening to me? Why am I here? What-" "Annabeth," Zeus interrupted, "you are here because you have the privilege of becoming the first of my new sluts. You will serve me whenever I wish, and you will follow my commands no matter what they are." As he spoke, he flared his new aura, his gift from the Fates, and watched as Annabeth's hips jerked in response, craving release. Annabeth nearly collapsed as she felt a burst of need between her thighs, before registering Zeus' words. "Y-you can't be serious, the other gods won't stand for it, and neither will I-uhhhh!" She retorted, before moaning at the sight of the thick bulge along Zeus' leg. She fought hard against the desire to touch it, feeling her nipples straining against her bra towards Zeus. Zeus stepped down from his throne, coming even closer to Annabeth, his aura giving her nothing but arousal. "Are you sure you don't want it? You will love it, I guarantee." As he spoke his hands trailed up her voluptuous body to her soft E-cup breasts, cupping then in his hands and trailing his fingers over her hard nipples. She bucked towards him roughly, pressing herself against his body, rubbing along his crotch. "Pl-please n-no, don't st," She groaned in ecstasy as her orgasm hit. Her knees gave out, and when she looked up, her vision was filled by Zeus tree trunk of a cock, just millimeters from her face 'Di immortales I need him.' She leaned back and looked up at the King of the Gods giving in to the overwhelming pleasure, "My lord, how can your slut serve you?" "My sluts cannot where anything more than underwear in my presence, undress yourself and you will be rewarded." He promised, watching as Annabeth quickly ripped off her blouse and slipped out of her jeans, revealing her tanned, toned body to her master. He stared at her bountiful cleavage threatening to burst free from her royal blue lingerie. Zeus smiled at the eager look in her eyes, glancing between both his heads. "Now you may claim your reward, unzip my pants." "Yes my lord, right away." She swiftly had his bottom half naked, before staring in awe at the meat in front of her. Percy had never been this big, and Zeus was still soft! She wrapped on hand around the base, but her hand couldn't come close to encircling it. She started to slowly jerk him with both hands, feeling it swell until she could barely wrap two hands around him. She gaped; it must be a foot long, and nearly half as thick! As she paused to admire it, she felt Zeus' hand on her head, pushing her towards his pole. She eagerly leaned towards him, tasting the tip as it pushed into her mouth. She drooled at the taste; she could suck his cock all day! She quickly sucked his whole head inside her mouth while pumping the rest of the cock with her hands, drawing a moan from Zeus. She swirled her tongue around his head, licking up the pre-cum spilling from his tip. He tasted like pure nectar! Annabeth's hand crept along her stomach towards her dripping cunt, she had never craved a cock more in her life, but her fingers would have to do. She rubbed over her lacy panties, which were already soaked through, groaning at the stimulation to her swollen clit. She eagerly used her other hand to cradle the god's tennis ball sized nuts, hoping to coax the hot cum from them into her willing throat. Zeus frowned at the loss of Annabeth's hands along his huge shaft and the subsequent lower pleasure his slut was giving him. He growled, and placed his hand on the back of his grandchild's head, "Open wide." Annabeth gasped as Zeus forced his dick down her throat; she had never felt this before! She found her lips locked nearly at the base, and she could feel his head poking her stomach. Zeus sighed in content feeling his cock stretching out his bitch's tight throat. He started to fuck her face and she responded eagerly, pumping what part of his shaft she still could. Annabeth's cunt was flooding from Zeus' cock down her throat, she stopped rubbing herself and used her hand to cup Zeus' balls again; hoping to last until her lord gave her his seed. She swallowed around Zeus' meat, squeezing it deliciously. Zeus looked down at his first slut, her throat gripping on his cock, while her mouth sloppily sucked him. His heavy balls were slamming into the tops of her breasts, which were covered in saliva from her stuffed mouth. He watched her blonde head pump up and down his shaft, her big tits sawing between his legs, adding to the sensations his slut was feeling. He could feel his end nearing, and fucked Annabeth even harder, forcing another two inches into her throat. Annabeth felt the change in pace, and stroked Zeus' cock furiously, trying to draw her master's jizz into her mouth. She brought one hand down to her love box, rubbing her clit to her orgasm. Zeus' balls clenched, and she felt her treat empty into her throat. His first shot filled her mouth, some flowing straight to her stomach. She swallowed his thick delicious cum as quickly as she could, trying to get it all. Despite her best efforts, as Zeus' godly cum pumped out of his cock, it spilled onto Annabeth's tits, coating her chest until her bra was no longer visible. Annabeth's body shook and spasmed as she came messily. Zeus' cum was infused with his aura, and it gave intense pleasure to his slut. As she swallowed hungrily, she unknowingly started the bonding to Zeus that would change her life. Zeus watched the immortal demigod as she gobbled his cum from her face, scooping the thick cream from her body before eagerly licking it off one hand, using the other to keep stroking the stiff monument to man in front of her. Annabeth's eyes glazed over as she creamed herself again from the potent cum covering her body. She gazed longingly at the cock in front of her, yearning for it to fill her tight pussy like Percy never could. As Annabeth finished cleaning herself, Zeus remembered what the Fates had told him about bonding his sluts to him permanently. "Zeus, for your dominance to be established, you must make love to the woman's mouth and her vagina. Once you have done this, she will be yours forever." "What does that mean; in what ways will she be mine?" Zeus questioned. "Once you have bound your woman to you, she will be loyal to you for her life, and her bloodline will be indentured to you for eternity. Any sons she has will do your bidding, and her daughters will desire to expand your base of power in every way." They replied as one. Zeus smiled predatorily at this, thinking of all the ways he could benefit from this; the entire world would bow before him! Annabeth unclipped her cum covered bra, giving Zeus a full view of her big tits and diamond hard nipples, enticing him to fuck them. She brought the lacy bra up to her now clean face, inhaling her lord's scent before bringing it down to her dripping panties, getting herself off with godly jizz,