Hey guys! Back with another reading story, I am still doing Reading Change Through Flame but laying off for awhile because no ideas are coming to me. If you have any ideas please PM them to me. Disclaimer: I don't own PJO or Heroes of Olympus. or The Kaiser of Destruction's story - The Forbidden Warrior 3rd POV Lightning flashed illuminating the city of Olympus, rain pelted the ground and running gods, nymphs and satyrs alike, from the raging storm within. Zeus was truly furious. In the Throne Room, the council was in a heated argument. "Hera! Tell me again why you even suggested this quest." Strained Athena. "These are tasks that are surely impossible to handle." Apollo added in. "I did this so we could give him a chance of some sort of redemption." Hera responded calmly. "My son is surely capable of completing these tasks." Zeus arrogantly boasted for sure that he will survive. "I see no problem let the boy walk to his death." Artemis shrugged nonchalantly. "The reason he might be doing this is because you made him kill his family!" Athena argued. "I did not do such thing" Hera yelled. "Have you ever thought that if let him hold the sky, what of Atlas" Aphrodite asked. "What if he eats the apple the moment he gets it" Hermes said. "Heracles will do the quest shall it called The Twelve Labors of Heracles, Council dismissed " Zeus spoke with a tone of finality. Protests rang through the room, then silence Everyone in the room was just... gone, swept away by a powerful force. Present Time: Death of Luke Percy POV He gripped my sleeve, and I could feel the heat of his skin like a fire. "Ethan. Me. All the unclaimed. Don't let it . . . Don't let it happen again." His eyes were angry, but pleading too. "I won't," I said. "I promise." Luke nodded, and his hand went slack. The gods arrived a few minutes later in their full war regalia, thundering into the throne room and expecting a battle. What they found were Annabeth, Grover, and me standing over the body of a broken half-blood, in the dim warm light of the hearth. "Percy," my father called, awe in his voice. "What . . . what is this?" I turned and faced the Olympians. "We need a shroud," I announced, my voice cracking. "A shroud for the son of Hermes." A bright light surrounded the hearth, the Olympians raised their weapons. I was too tired to do anything except closing my eyes. Even with my eyes closed there was a searing pain. I heard a thump as if something fell on the floor. I blinked back the black spots in my eyes and looked around. My injuries magically disappeared along with Annabeth's and Grover's, there was a thick book on the floor, Kronos's scythe was gone, all the Olympians were sitting their thrones in classical Greek outfits, and Luke's body was just gone. My eyes widened in surprise, I looked up and Bessie was swimming in circles in his little aquarium. An envelope fluttered down to Hermes, he grabbed it and opened it before I could blink. Dear Olympians, demigods and satyr, We owed Kronos something. His wish to us was to let the truth be revealed to a select few if he lost the war. You shall be given numerous books of some people's lives that the information Zeus destroyed, long, long ago. No harm shall be inflicted during any reading session or face our wrath. The Fates The moment Hermes finished reading the letter disintegrated and fell to the floor as if it was sand. My mind started racing, what did the fates mean by destroyed information, what's going on. Zeus's face was paler than Hades right now. "Zeus, what did you do" Hera threatened. "Father what's so dangerous that you had to destroy it" Athena questioned. "Why don't we read and find out" he stammered out trying to find a way to not have all the attention on him, odd because he loves the attention. Athena picked up the book and read the title. Artemis POV The Forbidden Warrior "What does that mean?" Dionysus asked curiously. We stared at him like he was mad. "You were listening!" Perseus was shocked. "What was it that you youth say these days, 'duh'" Athena continued reading. It was a dark night. The sun had just recently set and the moon was shining brightly high in the sky as the daughter of Let and Zeus drove her silver chariot across the sky of Ouranus. "Hey little sis is mentioned" Apollo mentioned. I growled. "Shut up Apollo or have cereal shoved down your throat" Demeter threatened. I gave a thankful nod. The nighttime stars twinkled gently against the blanket of Erebus and the glowing purple-white band of the Milky Way stood out brightly. "The last time I saw the Milky Way was in the old times" Hades cut in. A silent shadow raced across the sky as the primordial goddess Nyx rode her shadow chariot, hidden to the eyes of mortals and immortals alike. I saw the gears turning in Athena's head because Nyx was supposed to be in Tartarus. There were no clouds visible tonight, allowing for the stars to shine with all their glory and wonder. My mind drift off to Zoe's last words 'The stars milady ' As quickly as that thought came, it disappeared. Under Ouranos, resting on the breast of Gaea, a forest stood, quiet and calm. I smiled at the serenity. A gentle breeze moved through the trees, creating a soft rustling sound that one could fall asleep to. Under the blanket of leaves and branches, a herd of deer silently moved passed the trees. Several mice scampered across the ground, making a soft scurrying sound. A group of ants moved up and down the trunk of a tree, working tirelessly through the day and night. I love my domain… So peaceful… Several miles from the forest was a small Greek village, isolated from the Greek city-states. My mind listed off all the villages that were isolated from the city-states. Smoke from a fire slowly rose from the village. The village was silent as its inhabitants slept peacefully in the realm of Morpheus. There was nobody awake. At least, in the village. "I wonder which village this is" Demeter asked interested. Outside the village in the forest, sitting on a branch of a tree was a tall teenage boy, maybe sixteen or seventeen. I scowled another Hero . He had black hair with streaks of gray and slightly gold-silvery eyes. "Interesting eye color" Apollo mumbled. His eyes seemed to glow slightly. A faded scar ran down the right side of his face and across his right eye. An aura of peacefulness and content emitted from him, but also an aura of melancholy. He pulled back on the string of his bow—a black, slightly blue bow that blended in with the night—and let go. That is a very interesting bow, my mind tried to list off any archers of that time with those characteristics. A soft twang echoed through the trees. The boy was dressed in light-weight leather armor. A hunting knife hung from his belt and on his left side hung a sword. A leather quiver was strapped to his back and in it were Celestial Bronze silver-tipped arrows, allowing the boy to kill mortals and monsters, including those pesky Lycanthropes. "A hunter and demigod?" Hermes looked at me; I shot him a glare for even thinking of anything that preposterous. "So he knows of that pesky wolf" Apollo murmured. " The boy looked up at the nighttime sky and sighed in content, enjoying the peacefulness of the night. A bird flew by. His eyes flashed and the bird slowed down in mid-air for several seconds. "He is a threat to Olympus. That is the reason he has been erased from history" Zeus declared smugly because he had finally found an excuse. People rolled their eyes at Zeus's paranoia. The boy's eyes flashed again and the bird flew off. He glanced to the right and his grip on his bow tightened. He closed his eyes and leaned his head against the tree trunk. He waited. "Waited for what?" Apollo questioned. "Well we don't know, will you just shut up so we can find out" I growled. Crack. Rustle. A small branch snapped and a few leaves were crushed by a man's sandaled foot. Good senses. The boy's eyes snapped open. In a flash, he had an arrow nocked and then released it. The arrow shot into the darkness and a horse neighed in surprise and shock from the shadows. The boy heard shouts of shock and surprise. The sound of shields being raised and swords being drawn pierced the night. My eyes widened "How is that possible". "Well Arty we don't know, will you just shut up so we can find out" Apollo said in a teasing voice. "Do not call me Arty!" I twirled my bowstring in my hands, he paled a little knowing what would happen if he continued on this road. The boy heard a chuckle. A man with short black hair and a long beard appeared from the shadows. He wore standard Greek armor. A sword hung from his side and a shield was strapped to his back. "I will never truly understand how you can make a shot like that," the man chuckled. "Odysseus" I heard Poseidon mutter The boy grinned slightly without humor. "It's the dead of night. Why are you here, Odysseus?" Many gasped knowing this was somewhere near the Trojan War. The boy's voice was soft, but it had a threatening edge to it, as if any second, the boy would shoot an arrow between the king of Ithaca's eyes. While many people relied on loud, powerful voices to display a massive level of strength, the calm, emotionless tone of the boy's voice was more than enough to send chills down the king of Ithaca's spine. He's very powerful. Odysseus' smile faded. "I think you already know the answer to that, Perseus." "What!" Perseus yelled in surprise, "Why do we have the same name" We gave him pointed glares "The less you interrupt, the faster we'll get through the story" Hera supplied sweetly. Perseus scowled slightly. "So the rumors I've heard are true, then. Agamemnon is calling for all the forces of the lands to attack the kingdom of Troy." Everyone seemed to know the time period. "Yes," Odysseus admitted. Perseus scoffed. "Don't tell me that he sent you to ask me for help." "Arrogant hero, thinking the king asked for him to fight" I growled, "Father please tell me he had a gruesome death" Father didn't respond. Odysseus winced. "Unfortunately, that is exactly what he's done." "Hey Arty was wrong" Apollo sung in a teasing voice. I sent a warning shot near to the place where the sun doesn't shine. He whimpered. Perseus scowled. He rolled off the tree branch and landed on the ground softly. He glared at Odysseus. "And tell me why I should go. I have no affiliations to any of the kingdoms, nor do I care about that pudgy little king." "The little guy's got guts" Ares commented, "What, right before the Trojan war remember" "You are the finest warrior in all the lands. I snorted at the remark; my hunters would surely best the boy. Your skill is rivaled only by that of Achilles. Ares seemed very interested in the book by now People have even called you the apprentice of Artemis herself." "What!" I cried in outrage, "I would never teach a boy" I growled. "Arty remember Zeus destroyed this information" Apollo said "and now we're going to know if you were ever friends with a boy" Perseus snorted. "Watch your tongue, Odysseus. Artemis doesn't take well to insult." I did a slight