Chapter 1: The Wedding " Convince me ." The words echo in my head constantly. " Convince me ." And if you don't, I will kill everyone you love. I will destroy everything you hold dear. I finger the luxurious fabric of my wedding dress, one of Cinna's exquisite creations, and sigh. According to reporters in the Capitol, the day after tomorrow will be the happiest day of my life. Even though I had never planned to get married, I always assumed that if I did, I would have been glad to do so. It's not as if I don't care for him. I possibly even love him. I just never had the option to decide that for myself. I hear a knock at the door and Prim pokes her head in. "The prep team is here." I nod and take a focused breath. After several hours of waxing, scrubbing, shining, and moisturizing, I am ready to be devoured by voracious cameras. My mother and sister undergo a less rigorous cleansing process. I can tell by Prim's glow that she's never felt prettier, so I tell her so, making her smile even more. My prep team chooses the finest clothing that my family owns, dresses that I bought them with my victory wealth. They still declared them to be barely suitable, but Cinna designed gowns complementary to mine for the actual ceremony, so these will be good enough just to travel to the Capitol. We won't have much camera time before the wedding anyway. Outside we meet up with Effie, Haymitch, my fiancée Peeta, and his prep team. Peeta and I exchange terse smiles. "Love birds," Effie chides, "show some excitement! You're getting married in two days!" I give Effie a weak smile and slip my hand into Peeta's. Peeta's family, including his oldest brother Ethan's wife and infant, meet us at the train station. They have been scrubbed down and prepped just like mine. His mother is the happiest I have ever seen her. "Aren't we lucky? Not many people from District Twelve get to visit the Capitol. And for such a fine occasion!" An occasion where no one dies. Prim is sitting next to me with her hands in her lap. "Yes, it is very kind of the Capitol to host my sister's wedding." I smile at the woman my sister is becoming. She's so intuitive that I don't even need to explain to her the subtexts of this wedding. I can tell she's trying to hide her excitement at the chance to visit the Capitol. "The Capitol is a pretty impressive place, Prim. You're really going to love it." She smiles at me with a blush. After that, she bubbles eagerly about our trip. Peeta's brothers and father are more interested in the food than the luxurious amenities. My mother mostly stays by Prim's side, although she is occasionally preoccupied with Peeta's sister-in-law and her baby. Effie informs us that the best man, the maid of honor—we chose Ethan and Prim—our parents, Peeta, and I must deliver individual speeches at our wedding. She hands everyone pre-written speeches. We grimace at Effie's writing, but Haymitch instructs us revise them for personal touches and sincerity and to confirm any revision with him. He quietly reminds Peeta and me that the purpose of this show is to convince the districts that our defiant actions in the arena were driven by desperate love and we are nothing but grateful to the Capitol for allowing us to be together. Peeta rewrites his easily, but my thoughts do not flow. Instead, I stare vacantly out of the window of the train. It will take us to the Capitol in less than a day. Every mile we pass brings me farther away from Gale. That night, Peeta hears my screams and slips into my bed with me to calm my agitated dreams. I don't tell him that most of my dreams are about Gale, but I suspect he knows anyway. I wake up screaming Gale's name when President Snow drops a bomb on his house. One dream wakes me up shivering. I was hunting with Gale in the woods. I followed him, staring at his back, but he never turned around. My legs were too heavy to keep up and my voice dissipated before it left my throat. I reached for him, but he continued walking until he faded away, disappearing forever into the woods. When I wake up, Peeta is holding me tightly to his chest, trying to suppress my quaking. I try not to let him see that I am crying, but he sees and wipes away my tears. He doesn't ask why and I don't tell him. The next morning, his mother catches him leaving my room. During breakfast she makes snide comments about the impropriety of an unmarried couple engaging in such behavior, all the while glaring at me. I ignore her until my mother interjects, "Yes, I'm so glad you raised Peeta to be such a gentleman. Otherwise I would never feel comfortable allowing him to spend the night with her. He's such a blessing to us, because Katniss has had such violent dreams since her father died. Peeta is so comforting to her." Mrs. Mellark's demeanor changes, and suddenly she's so delighted with her son and me. My mom continues, "We all get better sleep actually. Katniss used to wake up screaming. No more." Our mothers smile warmly at each other. Mrs. Mellark must be a heavy sleeper. We arrive in the Capitol, and even Peeta's brothers are at the windows, chattering excitedly about how astonishing the gleaming city is. There are rooms prepared for us in the top two floors of the Tribute Tower. Our families are excited at the privilege of staying in such a decadent and famed locale, but I suspect that this is merely the Capitol's means of containing us. Can't have second-class citizens running loose in the Capitol, after all. My family and I are situated in the top floor, and Peeta and his family on the floor beneath. Apparently, the rumors of Peeta and my tendency to sleep together have reached our wedding planners, so they placed us on different floors to deter the unseemly behavior. Even while forcing me to spend the rest of my life with Peeta, the interfering Capitol is taking away the only moments of intimacy that truly belong to us. Even though her room is just as fine as my family's, Peeta's mother continuously grumbles at not receiving the Penthouse. She snipes that her family is just as important as mine until Haymitch says, "I think the attendants informed them of your concerns about propriety and told them that it would be better to put Peeta on the lower floor and make sure you are there to supervise him." Mrs. Mellark lifts her nose at this, clearly pleased believing someone considered her opinion important. The day is filled with wedding preparations, interviews, public appearances, and, for some reason, a "rehearsal dinner." Thankfully, the guest list for the rehearsal dinner is small, at least by Capitol standards; however, the guests are no less intolerable. One guest in particular stands out in the detestable crowd: President Snow. The mere sight of him daunts me. My stomach contorts thinking about his rosy, bloody scent. Peeta grips my hand protectively. He sits a few yards from me, close enough for me to smell the roses but not the blood. The scent is enough that I can't eat. Effie chastises me for my full plate. I tell her that the excitement and nervousness have taken away my appetite. I can feel his snaky eyes on me all night and I'm so tense I'm beginning to hurt. We are not yet legal to drink, but we are allowed champagne for the toasts. I hear the chime of a fork on glass, and I almost jump out of my seat and run when I see President Snow stand up. He begins his toast, thanking all the guests for coming—apparently he's hosting this rehearsal dinner, a publicity stunt I would guess—and congratulating us. "These two children have shown us adults what it means to love, and I know that they will continue showing the world true love all their lives." His message to me could not be clearer. I smile as brightly as I can and lift my glass. Peeta kisses my cheek and wiggles his hand out of my grasp. I realize I had been gripping it painfully. I whisper my apologies and he leans his ear close to my mouth, making it look like a tender moment between us. Effie makes her speech next, mainly gushing about how proud she is of her Victors. Haymitch, Cinna, and Portia all deliver calculated speeches but with bits of truth that make me wonder if they don't actually believe our love story. Haymitch, who has had the courtesy to stay relatively sober for his toast, said that I tried so hard not to care for Peeta, but I was smitten before the games even started. "Once the Game makers told Katniss she could keep Peeta, there was no going back. She's a little young so she's still a little dramatic. A piece of advice, Sweetheart: you don't need to resort to suicide every time you and your husband get into a fight." Everyone laughs. "Good luck, Peeta." More laughter. I don't appreciate much being painted like a silly, dramatic teenager, but I suppose it serves its purpose. Still, I don't think it's entirely inappropriate to scowl. Peeta chuckles and pulls me in for a good-natured hug and kiss. Cinna jokes with a wink about me being his fashion protégé. He finishes with a statement that I'm not sure is calculated or genuine, "My life is all about inspiration. Katniss's fire inspires me. Peeta's goodness inspires her. Their love inspires all of us. Their dedication to each other is amazing." Portia talks about how wonderful it has been to watch our relationship grow. She apparently recognized Peeta's feelings from the beginning and schemed to push us together. Most of our styling team members take a turn to talk about working with us, although they glorify themselves more than us. I am already feeling like the number of speeches are in excess when people I don't know stand and give their accounts on how our relationship touched them or boast on whatever connection they have with us. By the end of it I'm certain that the true motive for toasts is not to congratulate the new couple but for attention and social distinction. I'm thankful that the dinner ends shortly after because I don't think I can hide my disgust much longer. I'm so sick of being used as recreation for these people's self-centered lives. Back at the Tribute Tower, Peeta asks me to go to the roof with him. Still angry, I snap, "We're stuck together for the rest of our lives. Do you really want to start early?" I walk away from him and lock myself in my room. I'm immediately in tears, cursing myself. I have to remind myself not to take this out on Peeta. It's not easy for him either knowing the one he loves is only marrying him out of necessity. My bitterness, guilt, and loneliness keep me awake half the night. The next day, once my prep team is done with me, Cinna checks my make-up and hair for final adjustments. He grips my shoulders. "Just remind yourself that this might have been the path you would've chosen. I don't like to tell people how they feel, but you love that boy." I nod, even though his words don't help much. "You've got this," he insisted. "I don't even have my speech finished." "You didn't finish your speech?" "Well, I have what Effie wrote, but that isn't going to convince anyone." I sigh in frustration. He smiles. "Let's see what we