A/N: Alright, so here goes nothing. This is really just an idea I mustered up at 10 o'clock at night, sitting in the car and thinking about Haymitch Abernathy. Don't ask why. I'd really like if you guys gave me suggestions, like reviews saying "Finnick Odair should be the next chapter" or "Johanna Mason should be the next one." No reviews, no update. :D Enjoy! . So here you are, two steps ahead and staying on guard Every lesson forms a new scar They never thought you'd make it this far But turn around, oh they've surrounded you It's a showdown and nobody comes to save you now Haymitch Abernathy 2 nd Quarter Quell 50 th Hunger Games Haymitch sits upon the plush chair, gripping the arm rests with much the unentertained look on his face. Young Caesar Flickerman sits forward in his chair, his hair a slick shade of red, his clothes a pale orange, his smile fake. The crowd sits seemingly motionless in front of them, regaled by Haymitch's half-assed responses; his sharp jawline and displeased eyes looking much more handsome than they will in 25 years after the hard liquor and ages without a good night's sleep. "So Haymitch," Caesar says, cocking his head, making Haymitch want to punch him in the throat. Must everyone here act like they have a Gamemaker's hand up their ass, performing puppetry, he thinks. "What do you think about there being twice as many victors than usual?" "I don't see much of a difference." He mumbles, rubbing his thigh, not in anxiousness but boredom and frustration. "Because there will only be one victor?" Caesar asks. "No." Haymitch says sharply, finally showing interest, shifting forward in his chair a bit; ruffling his feathers, so to speak. "They're just as stupid." "You find yourself smarter, you mean?" Haymitch's flat, lifeless eyes bored holes in Caesar-who's too much of a dumbass to understand anything. "I said: they're all just as stupid." But Haymitch isn't. He knows no one's paying attention to him. He's just a poor soul from twelve, reaped at the worst time possible. He will make those eyes watch him. He won't murder with rage but he'll play those sick games with such audacity he'll have to be seen; those cameras will flock to him. They'll know who he is. Rage isn't what Haymitch feels towards the Capitol. Whatever the next level of hatred is, take it up ten notches and that's what he feels. No one-not even Caesar-could understand that feeling of dread young Haymitch felt when his name was called and he stood there like a dumb fuck as everyone in 12 turned with wide eyes, staring at him as his feet refused to move. His mother didn't cry. No one did. They all sighed in relief, since it was neither them nor one of their kids to walk up on that stage. He had stood up there with another boy and two girls, who were all shivering in fright. The boy wouldn't look at Haymitch, wouldn't say a word to him. He was an enemy already. Haymitch was sixteen. The young girl Maysilee was 14. The other two tributes were 17. Maysilee was a pretty little girl, definitely not deserving of such a horrid death as the one headed her way. Haymitch's eyes had stayed on his mother, and he remembers that look she gave him. She wasn't weeping, she wasn't scared… it was a warning, an unheard alarm. Haymitch wouldn't find out just why she gave him that look until a year later when her, when she lie dead next to her son, the murder occurring at the exact same time Haymitch's fifteen year-old lover met an untimely demise. Haymitch did no training, he did no prepping. Why would he? If he knew anything about murder, it'd be from watching the previous Hunger Games, not fighting in his own. The training stations are packed anyway. He wanders, listening to a speaker for just a few moments, catching things like don't eat anything too colorful, don't set fires at night, don't swim in waters that are unclear and don't make much noise when moving in the woods. He makes a mental catalog, and then mentally shuts down. . On Game day, Haymitch tries to stop his nerves from getting the best of him. He tells himself, "Be strong. Be focused. Don't touch any Careers; don't go near anyone unless they're attacking first." And most importantly, don't lose sight of why you're fighting, why you won't lay down and die. You'll win these games and make the Capitol regret every move they made. Of course, Haymitch knows how foolish he sounds, even if he didn't say that aloud. He slaps away his stylist's hand, mumbling, "What's the point of looking pretty?" "Sponsors dear." The very homosexual looking man mutters, appearing sick to his stomach. "You don't want to be here. So go." "I must see you off, boy." He says, nodding to the glass tube Haymitch is to step into. He does so, and it locks him in. He only starts to really regret his urgency when it starts moving, escalating him vertically with a circle of light blinding him from above. He wishes he could slow time, look at his stylist again and find something meaningful to say. When he can finally see again, his jaw drops. The landscape around him is gorgeous, admirably so. Green grass sprouts around the 48 gaping tributes, a meadow lasting for miles. On one side, a plush forest, on the other, rocky snow-topped mountains. Haymitch is immediately hit with an astonishing scent as a voice begins counting down from 30. He's not sure he likes it. His senses are screaming at him, and he pulls his shirt over his nose. He looks to the girl to his left-a young one who's staring at moving flowers at her feet. She's too distracted. Haymitch tenses when she leans down and picks one flower. Suddenly with a violent scream, she drops it. Haymitch can't process it all. Hives shoot up her arm and seem to grip her insides and twist them and Haymitch can see the pain and terror in her eyes. The second the flower hits the grass-delicate pedals and beautiful scent in all its glory-the ground rocks with an explosion, and like that the girl is gone. Dead already. A shame. "3… 2… 1." Haymitch breaks off in a sprint as at least half of the kids stare at the stream of intestines and dirt falling to the ground, another quarter of them afraid to touch the flowers around them or even step on them. One girl's even hit in the face with the poor tribute's heart. She screams bloody murder and falls on her behind as Haymitch reaches the Cornucopia, plucking a bag off of the ground, slinging it on his back and heading towards those deadly smelling, compact trees. "Shit!" He hisses as a dart whizzes past his ear. He's not the only one headed that way. Three Careers are hastily making their way towards him, long legs carrying two guys towards him at top-speed, the third-a smaller girl-the deadly dart shooter. She snatches another off of her belt she's just slung over shoulder and pushes it in the shooter. Haymitch ducks under it as he quickly searches blindly in his bag for a weapon. His fingers wrap around the welcome hilt of a knife. As the first boy reaches him he drops his bag and falls backwards on his behind, kicking the Career right in the groin. He topples in pain and Haymitch digs his knife into his gut, twists, and slashes to the left. He falls face-first in the grass, which seems to coil around him and drag his lifeless body further into the dirt. The second boy goes for a swing and a miss with his two-sided word, and Haymitch decks him, knocking the weapon away and rendering him defenseless aside from his barbaric fists. Haymitch quickly raises his knife and slams it into his forehead. He goes limp immediately. Every poor soul that's fleeing from the Cornucopia is vehemently going around Haymitch and his wrath as the dart shooter discharges another projectile, catching Haymitch's sleeve. He pulls it out before it can scrape by his skin. He runs at the girl full speed, kicking her in the stomach, grabbing her shooter and striking her in the face with it. He chucks the bamboo-like shaft and goes in for the kill, sitting atop of the fragile girl's frame, squeezing her neck until she grows blue in the face and cold to the touch. Haymitch runs and he runs like hell, canons blasting. . Haymitch touches nothing while stalking through the forest, keeping his arms tucked in front of him and his head down, his footsteps light and measured. What became of him just back there? He had no clue he was capable of such a massacre. Well damn them, those Careers , he thinks, someone needed to put them in their place and I did. Now the Capitol's eyes are on me, the sponsors and the crowd too. Good. Watch me kill your favorites and weep for the underdogs. He quickly pulls his knife when he hears the clatter and clash of uncaring, running footfalls. He tucks himself behind a tree, hiding. "Haymitch!" Young Maysilee cries, having already spotted him. He steps out, knife poised and ready. He calls his own bluff when she scrambles back, tripping over a root. "I can't throw knives worth a shit." He mumbles, gasping and pulling Maysilee off of the ground. "Don't. Touch. Anything. You saw that girl out there. I smelled that flower from where I stood. Everything here smells like death." He crinkles his nose in disgust as the dainty girl throws her arms around his neck. She reminds him of his girlfriend from back home, and with two fingers, he pulls her arms off of his shoulders uncomfortably. "No, don't do that." He grumps. She looks scared. She tells him, "I can't do this, Haymitch. I'm going to die." He gets close to her, snarling in her face. "Be quiet. You know how many sponsors you're scaring off right now?" "I-I'm sorry…" He huffs and walks forward, Maysilee following. "What are you doing?" he asks. "We'd live longer with two of us." She says blandly. He frowns, looking her up and down. She has nothing other than… a blowgun. From the Career he killed. Smart girl, he thinks. He shrugs the pack off of his shoulders and tosses it to her. "While we walk, check out what's in the bag." He never loosens his grip on his knife. Maysilee happily obliges, walking close to Haymitch as she searches. "Empty water bottle," she notes, "some sort of cracker, and a… a shoelace?" She holds it up for Haymitch to see. "It's not a shoelace." He mutters, and when she goes to ask what it does he snatches it from her. He steps behind her, wrapping the ends of the string around his knuckles, and then wraps it around her neck. She steps back into him in shock. "It's for choking someone. Keep it." he says, slinging it over her shoulder like and undone tie. Maysilee looks a bit appalled. "I could never get close enough." "Hope and pray Maysilee that you'll never need to." He mumbles. . Haymitch and Maysilee sit down in a spot where they're touching no plants. Maysilee has said to Haymitch that he's overreacting to the whole everything is poisonous thing. He ignored. She grabs his arm in surprise when the ground starts to shake. Haymitch looks around, thinking maybe it's an earthquake. Bang, bang, bang, sound the canons in the air. "What the hell?" Haymitch says to himself, standing and looking to a patch of sky he can see through the treetops. Black smoke rises from the direction they came from. "The mountains." Maysilee informs him.