A/N : This story will be a crazy ride but I hope you enjoy it. I obviously don't own Twilight or any of the characters. "If he could learn to love another, and earn her love in return by the time the last petal fell, then the spell would be broken. If not, he would be doomed to remain a beast for all time. As the years passed, he fell into despair and lost all hope. For who could ever learn to love a beast?" Beauty and The Beast Bella was a quite girl, she was content spending her nights reading books by Tolstoy, Edith Wharton and Jane Austen. She loved learning and was happy when NYU had sent her an acceptance letter. She had to put it off for a year because of finances, so she had attended a local community college. Now she had finally had enough money to go to her dream school. She would study literature and spend her days walking around New York City, going to Central Park and going to watch Broadway plays on the weekends. She was even prepared to go to the Ballet and watch the Swan Lake, she wanted to take in everything. However, there was a glitch in her plans, her father couldn't pay for her living expenses. She couldn't stay in the dorms nor could she get her own apartment. Charlie Swan, was distraught that he couldn't help his daughter. He wanted to be able to at least find her a place to stay. He then contacted his old friend Esme Cullen and told her about Bella's situation. Esme had always been a kind and generous woman and she had come up with a plan that would help Bella. "Bells, I need to speak to you about something,"Charlie said. Bella was standing by the stove, cooking beef stew. She turned the heat down and turned around to face her father. "What is it?" He felt very awkward, he was afraid that she would not like the plan that he and Esme had come up with. "I think I might have uhh found you a place to stay in the city." She looked up at him with hope in her brown eyes. She had been praying for a miracle. "I was speaking to Esme last night and I told her about what was going on. You know her son, Edward he lives in Manhattan. He has a pretty big place and well.. They offered you a place to stay. Now I'm not too happy about you staying with him, but you can stay there till you get on your feet. He travels a lot so he will hardly be there. I — think you should take them up on this offer." Bella felt like she was about to faint. She knew all about Edward Cullen, he was the editor of GQ magazine. All the teachers at Forks High School, always encouraged their students to try their best because people like Edward Cullen graduated from Forks and they did important things. Now she was supposed to live with him. Fate seemed to have a very dark sense of humor. "Dad.. I don't know what to say. I don't even know him. That's going to be so.. awkward." She started playing with her hands and bit down hard on her already tender, ruby red lips. It was one of her bad habits, one she would never give up. "We don't have a choice Bells, it's either that or no NYU." Both father and daughter shared looks of defeat. Bella knew she would have to live with him, besides she was going to New York City, she would be out all day and just go back to Edward's place to sleep and anyways he would always be traveling, just like her father said. One Week Later "I said either you get that interview with Leonardo Di Caprio, or you're fired." "Sir, I tried my best but he's still mad at you for stealing that model away from him," Jeffery said. Edward laughed dryly and banged his fist angrily against his glass desk. He had finally become the Editor of GQ magazine, something he worked very hard for, without the help of his father. For years he had lived off his trust fund, traveling around Europe. Going on expeditions into the Amazon rain forest in South America and scuba diving at the Great Barrier Reef in Australia. He had seen it all and done it all. Finally, he decided to head back to New York City and put his journalism degree to good use. Who better than the ultimate bachelor to run a magazine made for successful men. He would call Leo later and explain to him that the model incident was just a mistake, the funny thing was he didn't even remember her name. All he knew was that she was a Victoria's Secret Model. He calls the Leonardo Di Caprio, Leo and he sleeps with Victoria's Secret models? Aren't we famous… "Leave that to me, I'll sort it out. I always do." "Of course you do sir." Jeffery had been working for Edward for three years now, he knew he was a rude man from time to time and he tried his best to agree with whatever Edward said. He had seen many people fired for disagreeing with him, or even something stupid like staring at him for too long. Edward was a ferocious beast at best and it was better to stay away from him. It was 10 pm and once again Edward was making Jeffery burn the midnight oil with him. Edward began to type with his long piano player like fingers, and he seemed to have calmed down. "Excuse me sir, but could you please let me leave early tonight. It's my little girl's ballet recital tonight and I promised my wife and her that I would be there." Edward immediately stopped typing and glared at Jeffery from his stormy emerald eyes. "Yes of course. You can leave now." Jeffery was stunned by his boss' random act of kindness, he quickly thanked him and made his way out of the fancy office. Edward swung his chair around, so that he could face the New York sky line. He had it all, everything money could buy, but he didn't have a family. He stared out into the distance, the lights from the buildings twinkled almost as if they were stars. His heard his iPhone ring, the familiar sounds of an epic war score echoed through out the room. He took it out of his pocket and saw a unfamiliar number. He pressed accept and held the phone to his ear. "Hello? Is this Edward Cullen?" A soft, angelic voiced asked. "Who is this?" he asked rudely. "It's Bella Swan, I'm the girl that's coming to live with you," she said, sounding very scared. Edward had completely forgot about the girl that was going to stay with him. He was angry at his mother for promising her friend something without consulting him first. He couldn't say no to his mother, even if he tried. He knew he felt bad for the girl. She wanted to have an education, not having a place to stay shouldn't stop her from that. He was a cold man, but he had a heart, well whatever was left of it now. "Hmm. What do you want?" "I lost your address on my way over here, I came with a bus and then they left me in Pennsylvania and I took a train into the city. I'm at Grand Central Station," the girl said sounding very anxious. "Calm down Isabella. I will come get you. I'm not too far away. I will text you when I get there." He hung up before she could answer and walked out of the office, grabbing his black Burberry coat that he had got in London. There was something about her voice that was angelic and smooth, it reminded him of someone he use to know. He walked out of the GQ offices and towards a black, stretch limo that was waiting for him. The driver opened the door for him and he got inside. He picked up his iPhone and went through his emails. "Should I take you home Mr Cullen?" Alfred the driver asked. "Grand Central Station first and then back home." Edward kept a sense of professionalism with the "help" it was what his father taught him. The chauffeurs and maids were there to serve, you didn't need to become their friends. It was the Masen way. To piss his father off he had changed his last name to Cullen, which was his step father's last name. Edward was cold to everyone and he sometimes wondered why everyone hated him.. He looked out the window at the bright lights and the people walking by on the sidewalks. The commoners as his father would call them. Several minutes later they arrived at Grand Central Station. "Alfred, write Ms Swan on a piece of paper, use it as a sign and go inside. Then bring her back out here." Alfred looked at Edward from the rear view mirror, and shook his head. "Yes sir. I will be back soon with Ms. Swan." Alfred got a piece of paper out and wrote Ms. Swan with a black sharpie. He held the piece of paper in his old, white, wrinkled hands and got out of the limo. Bella was staring to worry, maybe Edward was just going to abandon her and she would have to become a homeless person and live on the street. She was sitting down on a bench, eating a Hershey's that she had gotten from the vending machine. She noticed a chauffeur walk in front of her and he was holding up a sign. Her Blackberry beeped, she quickly looked at it and saw a text from Edward. I have sent my chauffeur Alfred to get you. He is an elderly man, dressed in his full uniform. He should be holding a sign with your name on it. -E She quickly replied and hit send. Thank you. See you soon. -B She tapped the chauffeur on the shoulder. Alfred turned around to look at her. "Excuse me, are you Alfred?" "Yes I am. You must be Ms. Swan." Bella nodded her head enthusiastically, she was glad that she was finally leaving the station. "Yes I am! Thank you so much for coming to get me." Alfred looked at her with a stunned expression, he was not use to kindness from the people he worked for and this young girl had shown him more kindness than Edward or Mr. Masen had ever showed him in the 20 years he had been working for them. "Err you are welcome Ms. Swan. Let me get your luggage." "Oh no, please don't worry about it! I got it. It's just one bag." She picked up her black bag and wheeled it over to Alfred. "See, it has wheels. I can take it to the car." "M.s Swan, I should really —-" Alfred began to say. "No need, I insist I want to take it." He smiled at her and motioned for her to follow him outside. Bella wheeled her crummy looking black bag, out of Grand Central Station. As soon as she walked outside she was blown away. There were people were people everywhere and she could feel the vibrant rush of the city. The cool fall air floated around her and moved through her hair. She pulled up the zip in her white hoodie to stay warm. Alfred walked towards a stretch limo. "He has a limo?" she asked, sounding shocked. "Yes he does. Let me take your bag and put it into the trunk. Unless you would like to do that?' "I don't mind. Open it up please." Alfred and Bella walked to the trunk. He opened it up and