It wasn't wise to call Laura weird. She was a daughter of Aphrodite, and could easily arrange a week of bad hair days for someone who called her weird. But even she admitted it was strange to bring a camera into battle, and she was the one bringing the camera. ~oOo~ Laura didn't like her camera very much, but it wasn't the camera's fault. Her father, a professional photographer, had given it to her for her birthday. It was a beautiful purple and white waterproof solar powered digital camera with optical zoom and four megapixels, and it was the best present she had ever gotten. She carried it everywhere, took pictures of everything, and showed her pictures to everyone. Her excitement had only vanished after the Battle of the Labyrinth. Silena Beauregard, counselor of the Aphrodite cabin, was completely to blame. Laura had been sitting on her bed the morning after the battle, carefully peeling some of her photographs off the wall. Silena had noticed. "What are those?" she asked quietly, leaning against the bunk bed and picking up a picture "Well," Laura said sharply, "I put my favorite photos here, if you remember. I can't keep these anymore. They're dead." She pulled a thumbtack from the ceiling, and another picture dropped to the ground. "The pictures are dead?" "The people." The rest of the cabin left for breakfast, leaving Silena to ruin photography for Laura in private. "That's a good picture of Lee Fletcher," Silena said, holding up the picture she had taken so Laura could see. "It's a good picture," Laura contradicted. "You caught him when he was grinning and you can see a song in his eyes." "I caught him when the lighting was right." "Listen, Laura, you're a good photographer. We need to find pictures of the kids who died and we need to put them up where people can see. This is important. Your pictures are perfect. You're the best photographer in the ca –" "I'm the only photographer in the camp," Laura snapped. "And I don't want you to use my pictures for something miserable and pointless like that." It was no use. Silena was attached to the idea and Laura could do nothing except go along with it. Silena and everyone else called it a tribute to the fallen. Laura called it a great way to make people miserable. When the campers had died in the Battle of the Labyrinth, they had torn giant holes in the heart of Camp Half-Blood. It was best to forget the holes. It was best to fill them up with better things. It was best to avoid them and to look the other way. These idiots were wallowing around in the holes and they were using her pictures to do it. She almost gave up photography. Pictures solidified bad memories. Now, as she stood in the streets of Manhattan and listened to Percy Jackson giving orders, she wished she really had given up photography. This was simply embarrassing. When the demigods were told to strap on their armor and get ready to defend the city, she had, in her haste, grabbed her camera bag and forgotten to bring a sword. She didn't mean to, of course. She didn't plan to shoot pictures in the middle of a battle. It was a habit. She brought her camera everywhere she went and the mental "bring your camera" reminder did not discern between a strawberry picking field trip and a life-threatening call to arms. Percy was giving orders, and he looked just like a real general. The wind had blown his black hair out of his face and his expression was grim. Laura knew it would make a beautiful picture, but she looked at the camera in her hands and wondered if she should actually take it. She slipped her camera into her smooth leather bag and buckled it tightly. No one wanted a picture of a brave leader and his defeated army. No one knew how many of those determined campers would return to Camp Half-blood. She took her camera out again when she saw the Empire State Building. Lightning flashed around it and clouds swarmed above it. She couldn't resist taking a picture this time. "Laura, come on!" Lacy tugged at her sleeve impatiently. Laura hastily shoved her camera back into her bag. "Did you bring your camera?" Lacy asked in disbelief, "Laura, you're not going to need a camera here. Anyway, our cabin's leaving us. Didn't you pay attention to Percy?" "I did, I did!" she said, irritably. She had been paying attention, but she'd paid more attention to his attitude and his expression than his actual words. It was her fault she didn't know what was going on. Her eyes were drawn to the sky again. The clouds and winds were mesmerizing, and she couldn't stop looking at them. The ground slid from beneath her and she fell hard on her side. Fire shot through her foot and climbed up her leg. "Laura! Laura, are you okay?" Lacy asked, running back in concern. "I think I stepped on a cell phone," she breathed, trying not to cry as she sat up and moved her ankle. "Stupid Stoll brothers," Lacy said, "Percy said they couldn't keep the cellphones they'd collected, but did they return them? Oh no. They dumped them in a pile right in the middle of the road. Can you get up? Is your ankle alright?" "Don't touch it," Laura choked, pulling her foot away from Lacy's hand. "Will you be ok?" Lacy asked. "Of course," Laura said bravely. She scrambled to her feet. Unbearable pain rushed through her toes, coursing up to her knee and settling around her ankle. "Catch up with the others," Laura said, pushing Lacy ahead. "I can get Michael to fix this." Laura sat down again once Lacy was out of sight, and began crawling toward the Empire State Building. She was sure Michael or Will had set up a medical station near Olympus. She hoped it was Michael. ~oOo~ "Seriously? Sprained your ankle before you've even killed one monster?" Will shook his head sympathetically. Laura waited impatiently for him to finish wrapping it. "Okay Laura, here's the deal," Will said. "I could fix your ankle like that" he snapped his fingers for a visual effect "but I'm not going to give you any more ambrosia." "I barely had any," Laura complained, "My ankle still hurts when I point my foot." "Then don't point your foot," Will said, rolling his eyes. "Listen. What if we stuffed you full of ambrosia for nothing but a sprained ankle, and then you went outside and immediately got crushed by a monster? We'd pull you back in here and try to save you but if you'd already eaten a ton of ambrosia you'd probably go up in flames before any of your bleeding stopped. Also, we do not have an unlimited supply of the stuff. I wrapped your ankle so you'll be fine to walk, but go easy on it." Laura had gotten the message, and she understood the things Will hadn't even said. If she was a good swordfighter, or if she could hit the target during archery lessons, Will would've spared no expense to get her back on the battlefield. However, she was useless at fighting monsters. She wasn't sure she could've killed even one. Of all the losses the demigod army could've sustained, she was not a big one. "I'll hang around then," Laura said sullenly. "Got any jobs for me?" Will brightened. "Oh, I'm sure I'll need loads of help pretty soon. No telling how many people –" "Jobs that don't involve lots of blood," Laura corrected. If Michael had asked her, she might've agreed, but not much else could convince her to interact with dying people. "Fine, if you don't like saving people's lives, go work with the Demeter kids," Will said in irritation. "They're cooking or something useless like that." Laura walked away, but Will kept mumbling bad things about people who hated healing. ~oOo~ Cooking was fun, and the other girls were very welcoming. There was a constant flow of campers. Some went straight to the gardens to check on the wounded, some made a beeline for the food, and some crashed on the various couches to try and catch a few hours of sleep. "Having a green thumb's not very useful in a war," Coleen told her a bit regretfully, "But I'm glad we can do something to help, you know?" The food bar slowly filled with food and everyone behind the counter slowly realized that Laura was horrible at cooking. The girls from Demeter did not mind, and tried to make Laura feel better by giving her the easiest jobs. When Laura was sent to stir a pot of water and wait for it to boil, she finally realized just exactly how little she was helping, and decided to get out of their way. Campers slowly drained from the building as the battle started to pick up again. Almost every one of them was wounded in some way. Laura saw several people from her cabin and they seemed to be alright. She didn't want to check the medical station. Silence filled the rooms again, and Laura felt as out of place as ever. The elevator doors opened and Laura looked away. She didn't want to watch another gory figure trying to make his way to the makeshift medical station; she had seen too many already. "Silena Beauregard," the figure panted, and Laura looked up. A girl who couldn't have been more than nine stood in the middle of the room, dripping blood onto the floor and gasping for breath. "The drakon killed her. Silena. She's dead." The girl wobbled a little, her arms wrapped around the gash in her side. "They needed someone to tell you, and I didn't want to fight anymore, and I was scared of the draecnae so I came." She stopped, looking around the room for help. Laura had frozen. "Who are you?" she asked. "I'm Callie," the girl said, her white face breaking into a half-hearted smile. She looked down at her sticky red hands, and the smile drained away. Before anyone knew what was happening, she collapsed. Stacy, one of the girls from Demeter, rushed to Callie's side and leaned over to pick her up. "We've got to take her to Will," she told Laura, and then stopped, staring oddly at Callie's bloody hand. "What is it?" Laura asked, worriedly hurrying over to join them. "She, she works for Kronos," Stacy said, amazed. A silver bracelet was dangling from the girl's wrist, and as Laura watched, it caught fire and began to send a horrid looking burn down Callie's arm. Laura didn't have time to think, but she tore the bracelet off and managed to smash it against the far wall. Stacy and Laura picked Callie up and carried her between their shoulders. "She's with the enemy," Laura said anxiously, looking over at Stacy as they carried the unconscious girl to the medical station. Stacy sealed her lips in a determined line. "Not anymore," she said. Laura felt strangely numb. They reached Will, who tossed Laura a wet cloth and set to work immediately. The blood no longer fazed her and she didn't think twice when she peeled back the girl's shirt and began cleaning her up. "So little," Will was muttering, "She's so little." And when she sighed and didn't breathe again, he was crying. Stacy combed Callie's hair, Laura finished cleaning her hands, and when they finally wrapped her in a blanket and pulled her against the wall, she looked quite peaceful. ~oOo~ Laura sat down on the floor in shock. Silena dead? She couldn't be! Silena was the one with the most training. She was the one that wouldn't die. She was their counselor. She made sure their cabin got out of bed on time. She