DISCLAIMER: The story is based on characters and situations created and owned by J.K Rowling, and various publishers including but not limited to Warner Bros., Scholastic Books, etc. This story is intended as a fan made story and no money is being made. No trademark and copyright infringement is intended. AUTHOR'S NOTE: New story that I had for a while. Not really edited that well, but thought might as well post for now. Updates will be slow (like all my works) and may face possible Hiatus/Incomplete. Real life is annoying and I wish I had all the time in the world to just read and write fanfics. Harry Potter saved humanity but was at the cost of his own life. However, Death decided to grant Harry a second chance at life. However, things did not turn out to be as expected. Fem Harry and Time Travel. Romance: (Pair TBD) Genre: Leaning to Romance, Adventure, and some bad Comedy (still debating on this part) Rating: T for now possible M (possible language, violence, mature content possible, but in the future chapters…. Really depends on how this turns out). Will be posted as T for now and switched if need be. Some Dumbledore and Ron bashing may initially be involved unless the characters turn a new leaf. Now that you have been warned and etc, hope you enjoy the story. Chapter 1 – Meant for Entertainment Harry slowly opened his eyes and looked around, finding himself in a white room sitting on a chair in front of a desk where a dark hooded figure with who was busily writing away on some parchment. He had no idea how he got here, just a moment ago, he was dueling Voldemort and when he was hit by the killing curse, and he suddenly found himself in this room. The figure looked up with an annoyed look and growled a bit. "About time you woke up Mister Potter," the figure said. "Pardon," Harry asked, "but who are you?" The figure snorted and leaned forward, staring at him intently. "Come now Mister Potter does the appearance not make it obvious?" The figure leaned back on its chair dressed in a very dark tatter robe with the hood over its head. The figure actually looked hurt that Harry was not able to figure out who it was. It looked pointed at a scythe mounted on the wall behind it before looking back. "…Death?" Harry asked. Death applauded, clapping its skeletal hands slowly. "Bravo, Mister Potter, bravo." "So, I guess I'm dead then," Harry concluded. "Ten points to Gryffindor!" Death cried out while conjuring the House Point hourglasses showing ten gems fall down with a slot machine jackpot sound effects chiming away from around him. "What happens now then? Do I go off to some comfy afterlife? Sent off into the fiery pits of doom? Be reborn as a new person? Cease to exist after this?" Harry asked. With a dismissing gesture the hourglass vanishes and Death pulls out a pair of spectacles exactly the same as Dumbledore's puts it on its face and looks at him. Death even grew out a beard to match the look. Harry's eyes narrowed at the familiar man who sat across from him. As much as he respected the man in the past, he came to curse the man on his approach to manage Harry's life. "Well, Harry, my boy," Death spoke imitating Dumbledore's voice. "You have done what you needed for the Greater Good . The prophecy was fulfilled in a sense and now that world is in a safer place. However, it was all at the cost of your life. While you have indeed killed Tom Riddle, he was still able to take you. However, that puts me in a bind as you were not supposed to have died." Harry eyes narrowed in anger looked at Death in confusion. "I don't understand." "The prophecy, boy!" Death called out. "You were supposed to be alive. However, I guess we could not help it when it was a faulty prophecy anyways." "Faulty?" Harry asked looking very confused. " And either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... ," Death recited. "THAT part of the prophecy was all wrong. Sybill was supposed to state ' and either must die at the hand of the other AS THE YOUNGER live while the other dies .' You were of course younger than he was so you should have naturally lived. Unfortunately, we had to grab the closest seer available to send the bloody prophecy to you humans and I guess we had to call on the most incompetent seer of that generation. It also does not help that an old manipulative fool tried to turn things for his own benefit. And now that YOU are dead, this puts a blemish on my pristine record, after all I am the greatest to ever life." Death's black soulless eyes twinkled like Dumbledore's as it said that unnerving Harry. It was one thing for Dumbledore to do that and Harry did not like the headmaster for his manipulative actions. For years the old man controlled him and restricted his options, forcing Harry to take the mantle as the sacrificial lamb to save the wizarding world when all he wanted was to live a normal life. Until the prophecy was revealed to him, he did not know why Dumbledore insisted on Harry to listen to him. After Dumbledore's death, things began to unravel and Harry began to realize just how much Dumbledore was setting him up for his final encounter. To be honest, it was outright failure. Dumbledore failed to train him properly and all the "special lessons" did more harm than good. To have Death imitate that man was a little too much. It also did not help that Albus was someone Harry looked up to for guidance, only to realize that Dumbledore pretty much betrayed him by purposely failing to train him just to have Harry be killed off. It was even more infuriating that Dumbledore's portrait even admitted that he hoped that by having Harry be killed off, Voldemort would become vulnerable and could be finished off easily. Then Dumbledore would have been the vanquisher of two Dark Lords. Of course, Albus' own overconfidence led to his demise when he went after the ring on his own effectively putting a halt to his grand plan. Even then, he still hoped to have been known as the vanquisher of two lords before his death. Unfortunately for Dumbledore, it was not to be. Even more unfortunately, his actions led to many more to suffer and die. "So, what happens to me then?" Harry asked, his voice nearly holding back quite a bit of frustration due to the reminder of Dumbledore's manipulation. "You," Death points its finger at him while dropping the Dumbledore act. "Will be sent back so that you can actually live out your life as you were supposed to. However, since this was in a sense an internal department issue from our side for using an incompetent seer, we will compensate you for some things and make a few changes." "I'm going back?" Harry asked. Death nodded. "Yes, however, things will be quite a few things different and with Tom out of the scene, you can finally live your life… well unless something else fills in that void… probably the old fool." "So no more horcruxes? No Voldemort?" "Imprints of Voldemort will still exist just like painting of the deceased. However, Voldemort is no more." "Alright, that sounds acceptable," Harry replied. "Also just to confirm, you stated that you give out prophecies? How does that work?" Death pulls out a brochure from thin air and hands it to Harry to read as it explained the content. "Whenever we believe it is necessary, we give the seers prophecies for them to relay to others. In fact, providing the prophecies is handled by one of my siblings, Fate. Fate believes that without throwing a prophecy here and there, there would be no progress in the world or entertainment… mainly for us. So, we send a few along to get the world moving. France was a fun one back in the 1400s. We decided to shake things up a bit and sent a prophecy that would have a woman leader in the muggle world. That is how Joan of Arc came into prominence. She was an energetic one and most definitely caused quite a riot during her time, though it was a pity her life was cut short." Death chuckled dryly recalling the image showing Harry a quick rundown of Joan's life from birth to death. Harry paled a bit at the end, but was not as visibly shaken. He's definitely developed some backbone. Death thought. "From what I am understanding," Harry replied. "Prophecies are in short complete baloney and mainly needed due to you and your siblings entertainment unless it is to give the world a kick start?" "In the simplest form, yes. However, once an actual prophecy is made by an actual seer, it is set in stone. They have a unique magical ability and thus allows the magic to help enforce the prophecy to a degree. This is the reason why you still died as the seer who made the prophecy created an error on her end. It may be an error, but her magic enforced the error. In truth, anyone can make a prophecy, however only those who are born with the talent can actually activate a prophecy. There are cases where an exceptionally powerful seer may actually bring about a prophecy themselves, however, that seer is usually one blessed by Fate personally. And so far, I only know of two seers who were blessed by Fate personally and that was even before the Dark Ages." "But that would mean my Divination class was a complete waste of time!" Harry cried out. "Indeed. Another ten points!" Death crowed out while laughing. "It was so hilarious watching you listen to Sybill talking about your demise over and over again. It was a pity that Miss Granger left rather early though. It would have been entertaining to see how she reacted if she stayed another two more weeks. Spells would have been hurled around and detentions leading to more problems would have occurred. Alas, her leaving early resulted in a rather anticlimactic ending for that particular scene. But yes, divination overall is not something anyone can actually learn and do. Sure you can learn about it but to actually practice it, one must actually have some natural talent for it. Also such studies should really be held not as a class but rather as apprenticeships, although there still is not enough material to learn for either. You simply need to learn a little bit and have the skill. After all we are the ones providing much of the work." "Going back to bringing me back alive, how is that going to work?" Harry asked, steering the question back on topic. "Well, I will be making some new arrangements for you, and when everything is sorted, you can head right back to life your own life. You will be able to retain your old memories, we will unlock your magical core as well… yes your core was kept locked by the lovely Albus Dumbledore." Death grinned seeing the anger in Harry. "Oh and another thing, to make things easier for you I will throw in a few things such as improving your occlumency, magic, and other things. That way you do not have to take any more work in trying to 'free your mind.' After all, your control over your own mind was abysmal to begin with." Harry sighed with relief. He hated learning occlumency due to his lessons with Snape and while it would have been useful, he never got to learn it. That resulted in Voldemort, Dumbledore,