Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: I always intended to do a prequel to PPDPUL, but I wanted to make sure it was absolutely perfect first... and that I embarrassed Jasper almost (maybe even more) than I did Edward. I love the guy, truly I do, but throwing him in these awkward situations was a blast. I hope it makes you laugh as much as I did writing it! And speaking of laughs, I highly recommend you check out the video, BAD LIP READING-TWILIGHT:ECLIPSE on Youtube. I laughed so hard, I almost choked to death. The way they dubbed Jasper's lines and the guy who did Jacob's part... *snort* I'm laughing just thinking about it. I bonked my kit-TEH! (Trust me, that will only make sense if you watch/watched the video!) Jasper sighed loudly as Peter barged uninvited through his bedroom door. "Do we really need to have another conversation about knocking?" he asked dryly, not even bothering to look up from his book as he said it. The question was a moot point anyways. To Peter, simply hearing the words 'personal boundaries' was practically an invite to challenge them as much as he possibly could. Peter rolled his eyes and curled his hand up into a fist, rapping his knuckles gently against the wood of the already open door. "Knock, Knock," he called out dryly, before his lips twisted up in a smirk. "I don't see what the big deal is anyways, not like I ever interrupt anything." Jasper's jaw ticked at the sly dig to his pretty much non-existent sex life. So what if he was... selective about who he let in his bed? After roughly ninety years of being his crazy Maker's life size dildo, one night stands filled with meaningless sex held little to no appeal to him anymore. He didn't just want sex. He wanted a connection . He sighed again and laid his book on his chest. "What do you want, Peter?" "We're going out tonight." "I don't want to go out," Jasper replied firmly. "And I don't want to sit around all night watching you be a moody ass," Peter countered. "I'm not moody," he grumbled. Okay, so maybe he was a little. He blamed it on Valentine's Day being just around the corner and the overabundance of love and lust that seemed to be swirling through every human he passed lately – reminding him once again what he was lacking in his life. Peter snorted. "Are you kidding? You're ten minutes away from popping an Enya CD in the stereo." "Do you have one?" Jasper countered sarcastically. "No, but I'm sure Char has The Notebook on DVD if you wanna lock yourself in your room tonight and weep like a little bitch." Jasper scowled up at him. "I really hate you sometimes, you know that?" Peter smirked. "I know a lot of things," he retorted coyly. Jasper crossed his arms across his chest. "I'm not going out." "Uh, yeah you are. I'm calling on my favor." Jasper's brows furrowed. "Favor? What favor?" He usually knew better than to offer Peter favors – considering they always came back to bite him in the ass. "You forget you owe me a life-debt so easily brother," he intoned seriously. Jasper dropped his head back and groaned. "And now I suddenly feel like I'm in a Harry Potter movie," he muttered. "You do realize that it's been almost seventy years since that happened, right?" Peter shrugged as a secretive glint danced in his ruby eyes. "I've been biding my time." "And you used it to make me go out with you?" Peter's eyelashes fluttered and a hand rose to his throat. "Why, Major," he cooed, laying his normally mild southern accent on extra thick. "I had no idea you felt that way about me." His hand fell and a grin split his lips. "Definitely explains why you've never brought a girl home." Jasper growled and whipped his pillow at Peter's head. "You knew what I meant, you bastard." Peter snatched the soft flying projectile out of the air and laughed. "I saw an opportunity and I took it," he said unrepentantly. "But technically, this favor is a two-parter." "How so?" Jasper asked suspiciously, suddenly picturing Peter demanding that he go out in full clown make-up. When it came to him, it really wasn't that far of a stretch. Peter tossed the pillow he still held on the floor and reached into his back pocket. There was the faint sound of crinkling paper and seconds later, he was waving a folded piece of it in the air. He walked close enough for Jasper to reach up and cautiously snatch it out of his hands. "What's this?" he asked as he unfolded it. "A list," Peter replied simply. Jasper snorted and looked up. "A list? What are you, sending me on a scavenger hunt?" "Not quite." He gestured to the paper that Jasper had yet to look at. "Those are pick-up lines. We're gonna hit a few bars and clubs tonight, and you're gonna use those beauts on the women there." Jasper finally looked down and scanned the list, unable to stop his upper lip from curling in disgust. "You can't be serious." "So serious, I'm black." "Enough with the Harry Potter references!" he snarled. He really didn't understand Peter's obsession with those damn movies. He remembered coming downstairs one night to see him watching one, a scar drawn on his forehead, a pair of fake glasses on his face, waving a branch and screaming "EXPECTO PETRONUM!" at the screen. It had been disturbing to say the least. "I am not saying any of these lines. "Yes, you will," he retorted calmly. Jasper shot him a warning look and slowly began to curl his hand around the paper. "What makes you think that?" "Because one of these lines will help you snag your mate." His hand froze and immediately loosened. "One of these lines will help me snag my mate?" he repeated skeptically, glancing down at the lightly crumpled list. "Is there an echo in here?" "I dunno, Peter." He smoothed it back out and silently re-read the first line and frowned so hard, Peter was worried his face would crack. "Baby, are you an astronaut? Cause that ass is out of this world," he recited incredulously. "I don't think I want a mate who'd be stupid enough to go for that line." "That right there is a bona fide lady killer. Emphasis on the bone." "Remind me again exactly how Char puts up with you?" "She –" Charlotte's burgundy head popped around the corner of the bedroom door, cutting off Peter's no doubt arrogant comment. "Counting in my head seems to work well." Peter scoffed. "Please. You know I'm the best thing that ever happened to you." Charlotte's ruby eyes slid shut. "One... two... three..." she muttered. She turned on her heel and walked back down the hall, still counting under her breath as Jasper laughed. Peter waved his hand and made a dismissive sound in the back of his throat. "She loves me." Jasper smirked and gestured towards him with the hand that held the paper. "Feeding her lines like this, how could she not," he said sarcastically. Peter either didn't register the sarcasm, or simply didn't care. "They are pretty great," he agreed with a giddy smile. "You at least gonna tell me which line works?" "Nope." Jasper gaped. "You just expect me to walk up to a bunch of strange woman and use," he waved the paper, "these?" he stated incredulously. "Can't you at least tell me the girl and save me some of the embarrassment?" "Where's the fun in that?" "Embarrassing me is fun?" Jasper growled. "I didn't realize you hated me so much." Peter walked over to him and clamped his hands on his shoulders. "I'm doing this because I love you, man. Think of it as me helping you break out of that anti-social shell of yours. Besides, you have to meet a few wrong ones before can you appreciate the right one." "Where'd you read that?" he muttered. "A self-help book?" Peter smirked playfully. "If anyone needs one, Jay, it's you." He released his shoulders. "Now, get ready." He tapped his wrist where a non-existent watch sat. "We leave in a half-hour." Jasper glanced down at the baggy sweats and muscle shirt he was currently wearing and almost considered wearing that in protest. If the slovenly look wasn't enough to turn the off the type of ladies that usually trolled the bars, then maybe the silvery scars that littered his arms and upper chest would. Sighing loudly, he gingerly sat the list on his bedspread and began reluctantly pulling off his clothes. Digging through his drawers, he withdrew his favorite pair of worn jeans and pulled them up over his lean hips. As he buttoned them, he glanced back at the slightly crumpled piece of paper sitting innocently on his bed. Was he really going to do this? Was he really going to follow Peter's advice? The guy who's every idea usually started with: "This is gonna sound crazy..." He sighed again as he finished his ensemble with a tight, long-sleeved shirt in a forest green color. Who was he kidding? He'd gladly let Peter rip off all his limbs if it meant his mate would be waiting to put him together afterwards. Snapping a thick, worn leather cuff around his wrist, he slipped his feet into a bar of broken in cowboy boots and stuck his wallet in his back pocket. Crossing the room, he snatched the list off his bed and paused long enough to check his faint reflection in the only window his bedroom had. He ran a hand through his wavy, chin-length hair, smoothing out the slightly staticy look they had gotten from him pulling his shirt over his head, and briefly wondered if he should pop in a pair of contacts like Peter and Charlotte were probably going to do. He leaned closer and studied his golden eyes. Some people found them fascinating, but for others, it creeped them out almost as much as the red eyes did. He decided against it, telling himself that if he was going to meet his mate, he wanted her to see the real – or at least part of it – him. Deeming himself ready, he took one final look at the list in his hand, committing the lines to memory. Unfortunately by the time he was finished, almost all of the bravado he had spent the last ten minutes building up was practically demolished. Most of these lines were so cheesy; he could melt them in a pot and use it for fondue. "I hate you, Peter," he muttered, folding up the paper and angrily jamming it into his pocket. "Trust me, Jay," Peter yelled up the stairs, "You'll love me by the end of the night." Jasper cringed as he flicked off his light and closed the door behind him. Not so much because he doubted Peter, no, but more because, if one of these lines did work like he said... he'd eventually owe him another favor. And chances were, that one would definitely involve a clown costume. -oo- "Are you a parking ticket? Cause you got fine written all over you." Jasper fought a cringe as soon as the first line left his lips. I can't believe I really just said that. He had only been at this bar for ten minutes, and he was already regretting letting Peter talk him into this. He could tell the long-legged red head had been intrigued when he first approached her – attraction swirling through her