Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: So I had this dream a few weeks ago where I was sitting in a Photo Booth getting my picture taken, only when the photos came out, they were pictures of me when I was a kid. When I woke, I immediately got an idea - feeling very Stephanie Meyerish I might add - for this quick little two - possibly three - shot. I also decided this would be a great time to continue to test the 'let's make Alice and Edward nice' waters, so just to make it clear from the beginning, Alice is mated to Edward NOT Jasper and, as much as it pains me, Peter and Charlotte DO NOT exist. He left the Southern Wars of his own accord. Jasper blinked as he tried to ignore the urge to shield his sensitive eyes from the harsh glare of the brightly lit jewellery store. He shot a brief look down at his hands, fully expecting them to be sparkling thanks to the glow that rivaled the sun in intensity and wondered if the bright fluorescents made him look even deader than he already did. His golden eyes half-heartedly scanned the medium sized store for a reflective surface to check his appearance in, pausing on the only saleswoman in the store and silently begging her to finish up with the customers she was currently with so he could get the hell out of here. They're not going to buy anything anyways, lady, he thought snidely as he tested their emotions. The youngish looking man was clearly uneasy – he didn't even need to be an empath to know that thanks to the man's subtle squirming – and the equally aged woman was wistful. Both of them knew they could never afford anything in this store and Jasper was frustrated that they were just wasting the saleswoman's time. He briefly contemplated staring at them until they grew uncomfortable enough to leave, but he knew his companion wouldn't appreciate it. She never failed to chastise him when he tried to move things along – almost always when humans were involved – with a well placed glare and a few manufactured emotions. Even if it was ( kinda ) for her benefit. He sighed and shifted his gaze to the petite vampiress bouncing lightly on her toes as she browsed the display cases. "How much longer are you going to be?" Jasper scowled when she completely ignored his question and continued to peruse the glass case in front of her. "What do you think?" she asked, sliding one manicured finger from a watch to a chunky silver bracelet. "I think," Jasper countered, "that we've been here too long already. Who spends five hours in a mall?" She finally looked up, amusement sparkling in her golden eyes and cocked one dark eyebrow. "I'm sorry, clearly we haven't met before." She held out her hand. "I'm Alice and you are?" she quipped cheekily. Jasper rolled his eyes and playfully batted her hand away. "I'm bored." "You're the one that offered to take me shopping for Edward's gift," Alice reminded him, turning back to stare contemplatively into the glass case. "No," Jasper drawled slowly. "You asked me in that sneaky, 'I've already seen you say yes' way I hate." Alice tilted her head and smiled innocently at him – as if to say, 'Would I do that?' Jasper snorted and began tapping his foot impatiently. "Edward never complains this much," Alice said sternly, looking pointedly at his tapping foot until he stopped. "Well, maybe you should've asked Edward to bring you here." "I can't ask Edward to take me shopping for his own birthday gift," she replied, scandalized. "Now," she continued, gently tapping the glass. "Make some use of yourself and tell me which he'd prefer." Jasper eyed the items she was pointing at – both with price tags that would make a normal, blue collared person cringe – and sighed. "I don't know, Alice. Why don't you use your gift and see which one he'd like better." Her pink glossed lower lip poked out in a pout. "Where's the fun in that?" "Hasn't stopped you from doing it before," he pointed out. "Yeah, for you guys." "What's the difference?" "You're my family, Edward's my mate," she replied matter-of-factly. "He gets the gold treatment. No shortcuts." "I'm sure the others will be thrilled to learn how insignificant they all are," he retorted sarcastically. She stuck her tongue out. "That threat would hold more heat if I didn't know for a fact that everyone always loves the gifts I give them. Haven't picked a bad one yet," she boasted proudly. Jasper sighed in relief when the uptight saleswoman finally finished with the customers she was with and glided over towards them. Stopping directly in front of Alice on the other side of the case, the light overhead caught the gold name tag attached to the right pocket of her grey dress jacket, which had Phyllis stenciled across it in thick black letters. "May I help you?" she asked disdainfully, giving them the stink eye something fierce, as if – despite the clearly designer clothes Alice wore – they had just wandered in from the nearest homeless shelter. "Yes," Alice chirped. "I'm trying to decide on a gift for my husband." Phyllis gave her a slow once over, obviously noting Alice's small stature – even in the five inch heels she wore – and young features and cocked one overly plucked eyebrow. "Husband?" she repeated dubiously. "Yes, husband ," Alice replied firmly, a hint of ice in her normally sweet voice. Jasper knew Alice had no problem with people commenting on her age – all of them had gotten used to it a long time ago – but to question her marriage as if it was somehow wrong or unnatural was a sure fire way to get on her bad side. The woman still looked skeptical and Jasper could practically see her mind swirling with a carefully planned speech that would probably be along the lines of, "Listen sweetheart, why don't you try something more in your price range. Perhaps Walmart." Alice reached into her large purse and withdrew a small, thin object. "I sure hope you can help me with that," she said sweetly, a hint of a smirk dancing on her pink lips as she tapped her Black Card against the countertop. Jasper almost laughed as the haughtiness on Phyllis's face was replaced with a well rehearsed helpful look – though her emotions swirled heavily with glee and greed. He winced as the cloying emotions reminded him why he wanted to leave in the first place. Normally he had pretty good control over his gift, but after five hours in a crowded mall – on a Friday of all days – he was beginning to feel the strain. It intensified when the couple eyeing the rings in the display case just outside the store began to argue loudly. Alice turned to him with a secretive 'money trumps everything' smile that slid off her face when she saw the cringe on his. "Jas?" she said softly, stepping away from the counter and lightly touching his shoulder in concern. "Are you alright?" "I'm fine," he replied, knowing that his strained smile completely contradicted his words. Alice looked around him at the couple still bickering and scowled. "Haven't those people ever heard of keeping it in the home?" she muttered. She looked back up at him, her eyes soft with understanding. "We can leave now if you want." He smirked slightly when Phyllis looked positively crushed at the idea. "You still haven't found a present for Edward," he reminded her. "Tomorrow is another day," she replied in a whimsical Southern accent. He laughed at her impression before smoothing his face out into a stern, no-nonsense look. "That would mean those five hours we spent looking have been for nothing. We're staying until you find something." Alice pouted prettily, looking torn between wanting to agree – she was for anything that let her keep shopping – and wanting to argue. "Alright," she conceded. "Fifteen more minutes. But," she shook her finger at him, "I want you to wait for me down in the south wing." He frowned. "Why the south wing?" "There's only one store down that way and it's currently being renovated." She lowered her voice to a whisper. "There won't be very many people down there." He looked over his shoulder in the direction Alice was suggesting. "Fifteen minutes?" he confirmed. She nodded. "Promise." "Okay," Jasper agreed, shoving his hands into the pockets of his leather jacket. "I'll be waiting for you there." "Don't worry," Phyllis called out in a voice dripping with false sweetness as he turned to leave. "I'll take good care of her." Jasper paused as he sensed the woman's emotions. Though they weren't as straightforward as say, happiness, sadness or anger, it wasn't hard for him to paint a picture with the vibes she was sending out. She was clearly ecstatic that the 'man' was leaving so she could finally pull one over on the presumably ditzy rich girl and milk her for all she was worth. Turning back, he was a little surprised she wasn't superimposed with a top hat and a thin, curly mustache, steepling her hands together in malevolent glee. He knew Alice was anything but ditzy – in fact she could probably skillfully negotiate a better price if she really wanted to – but this uppity bitch with her pinched face was getting on his last nerve. She was the human equivalent of a vampire – sucking people dry of their hard earned money without a care in the world. "Hey, Alice," he called out, once again drawing her attention away from the jewellery she was eying. "You know that little art store tucked into the corner across from those two stores you love so much?" She nodded excitedly – though Jasper suspected it was more in remembrance of her favorite stores than it was for the art store. "Well, there's this painting in the window that I caught Edward eyeballing last week." He had actually planned on buying it for Edward himself, but if he got to pull the rug out from underneath this bitch saleswoman's feet, he'd be more than happy to let Alice buy it and simply get him something else. "Really?" Alice asked hopefully, beginning to bounce lightly on the toes of her feet. "Mmhm," he hummed, ignoring the dark glare being directed at him by Phyllis. "Mighty nice one too. It'd look great on that big ol' blank space on your bedroom wall that you can't decide what to do with." "Sold!" Alice exclaimed with a giggle. She turned to the woman who had managed to school her features into a benignly placid look, but the throbbing at her temples spoiled the effect. "Thank you so much for your help," Alice cooed insincerely. "I'm sorry for wasting your time." She skipped over to Jasper and looped her arm with his, practically dragging him out of the store. In lieu of the finger he really wanted to give, Jasper offered the stone faced woman a flick of his hand in an abbreviated wave – laughing when she cursed him softly under her breath. They split up when they came to a fork – Alice pushing him in the direction of the south wing she had mentioned earlier, once again promising him, "Fifteen minutes." It was as deserted as she said it would be – with nothing more than a few benches, some sort of large rectangular shaped thing shoved into the corner, a bank of candy