Chapter One: High School It's the first day at Panem High School. Vick calls to his brother Rory, "Hurry up! You're going to be late!" Rory runs to the front door. "I'm here!" "Come on!" shouts Vick. Rory and Vick run out into the dark outside. Vick wanders off to talk to his many friends. Rory anxiously bounces on the balls of his feet. 'I promised Mom I would get good grades this year. I'm going to do it.' Prim taps her bouncing friend. "Rory!" He turns around to face her. "Oh. Hi there." Prim is excited for her first day at Panem High School. Both she and Rory are freshmen. She embraces Rory in excitement. "Aren't you excited?" He loves to hug Prim. She's always wearing a different kind of delightful perfume. "Woah, Cowgirl! Arms distance!" Katniss shouts. Katniss, a senior and Prim's sister, greets Rory warmly. "Aren't you two excited? It's your freshman year!" "I can't wait to be an official high-schooler!" Prim shouts. "Let's compare schedules, Rory!" Prim has already compared to her sister, and to their friend Madge, who is a junior, and Vick's girlfriend. Prim unfolds her neatly and meticulously cared for schedule. Rory uncrinkles his ripped, distorted schedule. They climb on the bus as it pulls up, and the two freshmen compare. "We have the same math... And science... And history... And lunch!" She squeals, hugging him again, "This is great!" Both are relieved to have each other in lunch, and Rory is relieved to have his academic classes with Prim. "Katniss is in our lunch, though," she says with a giggle. "She's not THAT bad." Prim shrugs, "You're right." Katniss sits with her friends in the back of the bus. "Katniss, hey!" says Finch. She flips the red hair from her face. "Oh, hi!" "This year is going to be AWESOME!" Thresh cheers, "Our SENIOR YEAR!" Madge gushes, "And OUR junior year, isn't that right, Vick?" "Hell yeah!" he cheers. In the very first seat of the bus sits Rue and her best friend, Skeeter. "What classes do we have together?" Skeeter and Rue are yet another pair of nervous freshmen, and they compare schedules. "We have the same math and english," Rue says, "And Glee club." "But... Not lunch." Both Rue and Skeeter are bummed out. "We'll just have to make new friends!" Both laugh. Two seats behind them, Poppy puts her feet up and sketches in her book. She's excited for her art class. She's heard that Mr. Odair is the best teacher ever. Poppy's a sophomore, and, even though her family situation isn't IDEAL, is still glad to live here and attend the amazing Panem High School. Next to her sits Peeta and his friend Mason. "I'm serious, though, this year is going to be great." Peeta looks up, "Do you really think?" "Of course! We may not exactly have any classes together, but we'll still see each other, I promise. They take another look at the schedules they've carefully compared. "Well... Hey, we have lunch together!" Peeta grins, and they hi-five. "That's all that counts, right?" He nods. On the other side of the town, Gloss throws the last full backpack into his old truck. "Another sweet first day! For you guys, at least!" he taunts. Marvel, Glimmer, Cato, and Clove pack into Gloss's car, and he revs up the engine. "This is going to be the best year ever!" All four kids laugh and cheer. "Senior year, BITCHES!" Cato shouts loudest of all. "Can't argue with that," Clove smirks. Marvel can't wait until HIS senior year, even though he's only a sophomore. He knows he's got the chops to hang with the big kids, and he's pushed himself into their social group. Gloss blasts the rock station of the radio, and they speed down the street at 60 miles an hour. "Now THIS is THE PARTY BUS!" Cato screams, met by cheers from the other three. They speed past the school bus, Marvel and Cato hanging out the windows. "SEE YOU AT SCHOOL, CHUMPS!" Cato roars, and Gloss floors his old truck. They speed past the mortified freshmen. Glimmer, also a senior, who wants in on the action, too, starts another round of cheering and loud singing as they make a sharp turn. The tires screech, and the truck almost tips over. When they pull into the parking lot of the huge school, Marvel feels lucky to still be alive. Both of the guys wear their Varsity Football coats, and the girls wear skintight jeans and hoodies. Glimmer's wearing Cato's lettered football sweatshirt, and Clove wears a hoody that belonged to her brother, Nikko, when he was in school. Everyone, every age, knows the name Nikko. He's a likable guy. The bus kids walk into the school. Katniss looks up and sees Glimmer, wearing Cato's hoody, and knowing that nothing's changed from the summer. Not like she cares. Peeta, upon seeing Katniss in the light, smiles largely. Mason punches him, laughing. As for the Freshmen, they are both nervous and excited all at once. Rue and Skeeter run into the school, and Prim's eyes grow large. Rory is scared out of his mind. He knows that he's going to need help if he wants to get good grades. The juniors and sophomores aren't phased at all, they're used to all this. Rory and Prim bid each other farewell, and arrange a meeting spot to go to first period. Rue and Skeeter hug goodbye, wishing each other well. They don't get to see each other until 3rd period. Poppy walks into homeroom, where her teacher already has nametags and stacks of paper, including the rulebook. She had heard that Ms. Trinket was a little enthusiastic with the homeroom bonding. She refuses to put the nametag on until she has to. And, to her despair, she's greeted with the same smirking boy that made her morning miserable last year. She buries her head in her notebook as she sits down in her seat, right next to him. 'Maybe he's changed,' she thinks. But, he hasn't. 'As long as he's wearing that stupid football jacket, he'll never change.' She buries her face, lightly adding details to the daisy she was drawing. 'If I'm lucky, he'll just forget I ever existed.' And he does. Until Ms. Trinket starts homeroom. "So first, how about we tell each other our names, and our favorite activity. Let's start with you." The kid introduces himself, and Poppy wants to make a mad dash to the door. But, once Delly finishes introducing herself, it's her turn. "I'm Poppy," she barely whispers. "I draw art." Then, they move on to the boy behind her. She's delighted at how easy that went. Soon, they get through everyone, and Ms. Trinket claps her hands. "Very good!" Poppy hates this. Marvel hates this even more. He doesn't care about any of the people in his homeroom. He notices Poppy, and immediately starts to think of how he can get on her nerves. It's the one thing he's good at, besides football and girls. Across the school, it takes Rue 6 tries to finally get her locker open. A pretty but quiet girl is her locker partner. Her name is Pandora. She opens the locker in one try. Rue is nice to her, but is sensing a strange vibe in the air when she's around. Pandora is one of those bookworms, and hasn't said a word to anyone since school started. Skeeter gets his locker open easily, but is very unsure of his locker partner. He seems like a rebel. Rory isn't that fond of Skeeter, either. They split the locker and Rory can deal with it as long as this goody-goody doesn't touch his stuff. Katniss sits next to Finch in homeroom. The two chat excitedly until Cato walks in. Finch is bored with it. Why should she care about Cato? She's got Thresh. Katniss, however, looks at Cato a lot-a-bit differently than last year. But, Glimmer soon snaps Katniss back to reality, and she sighs. They go through their first day of school, all finding their classes just fine. Rue is lonely at lunch. She gets out a notebook that's supposed to be for English, and starts to draw a picture. A few tables down, Mason and Peeta are chatting nonstop and laughing loudly. Right across from them, Marvel scouts the cafeteria for someone, anyone, he knows. He finds no one. Poppy sits in the back, drawing pictures of her own. The next lunch, Skeeter sits all alone. Prim sits with a group of new friends that she met in her orchestra class. Katniss and Thresh sit at the table beside with Madge, Katniss's eyes secretly watching Prim. Rory is now forced to sit alone, and he puts his tray of food down at a table. Soon, though, he's kicked out by Cato and Clove, who officially declare it to be the cool table. Soon, swarms of cool kids fill the seats, and Rory is forced to move. He sits down again diagonal from Skeeter. Both feel awkward, so they both focus on other things and don't talk. The last lunch period starts with Glimmer searching for Cato and failing to find him. Finch meets up with Vick, and the two catch up. Athena, a Junior who just transferred to this school, starts eating lunch. She sees Glimmer eating by herself, and decides to start a conversation. When Glimmer kicks her out, starting an everlasting enemocity, Athena takes a different seat, across from some guys being obnoxious. Athena hates it here. She wants to go home, where people were nice to her. The alumni of the glee club sit in a cluster, and Athena wants to go over and introduce herself, but decides against it; she's too anxious. It's now ninth period, the last period of the day. Rory and Prim have history together. Rory, who is bored out of his mind, looks to Prim for entertainment, but Prim is listening to Mr. Abernathy contently, just like everyone else in the stupid class. Rory hates both of his brothers for being such overachievers, and his mom for making him take Honor's classes. He stares out the window mindlessly. Cato and Glimmer sit in science, where they hold hands. They make cute and sexy faces at each other, not paying attention at all to Mrs. Sae, their boring, old science teacher. Cato looks into Glimmer's eyes, moving his fingers slowly up her stomach, to the side of her breasts. Glimmer waits forever for the bell to ring as Cato starts to feel her up. This is why Glimmer loves having Cato in her classes, and sitting in the back. He always knows how to arouse her. Marvel is in English. He's once again daydreaming about the hottest person he knows: Glimmer. He wishes for her, craves to have her, each day, as she and Cato make out in the alley by the parking lot. He heaves out a sigh, knowing it'll never happen. Right next door, Clove daydreams of Cato. She's always wanted him. 'How could he not notice? What do I have do?' Poppy sits in Mr. Odair's art class, excited. "So, first, I want to see your skills in photography. I'm looking for a yearbook crew, after all." He passes out a sign-up sheet for cameras. These are the newest, best cameras Poppy has ever seen. She's excited. Katniss doesn't know what she wants to do. She's not used to being out of ideas, but today, she is. Peeta's out of inspiration, too, and only thinks of Katniss. He's glad to see her in his art. Through the walls of the art room, the students hear the faint sound of the choral room, where Mr. Everdeen, Katniss and Prim's father, is listening contently to his kids. Each one was hand-selected after tons of auditioning, to be in the glee club. Rue sits in the choir room, next to Skeeter.