A/N: Welcome, welcome, welcome! To the FORTY FIRST HUNGER GAMES! For all those who read my first sponsor fic, welcome back, but it's never too late to read and get points! This is NOT a SYOT, all these characters were made by me, but all of you are able to sponsor! The points from my first story (Voices) will transfer, but my prices are pretty cheap, so feel free to come and review and get points! The story starts Day One of the Games, and all 24 Tributes will get a small POV, then it's up to you to pick your favorites. I split them up with 8 per chapter. I used a random generator to decide the POV order so it goes in no specific order of tributes! To get points, check out the system at the bottom! Thanks for reading this extremely long AN! P.S. THIS CHAPTER IS REALLY LONG BUT I PROMISE ONCE I'M DONE WITH INTROS THE CHAPTERS SHOULD BE CONSIDERABLY SHORTER! Arrogance is nothing unless you have the skill to back it up. REGINALD'S POV Captain Reginald Holloway. Son to a single mother. Acquaintance. Training partner. Fisher. District 4 male tribute in the 41st Hunger Games. A Career. Quiet but clever. Proper. Observant. Smart. Reaped, but determined. Short, brown hair. Sea-green eyes. Tall. Skinny. Not usually wearing a smile. Just a little physical description. My dream was to follow in the footsteps of my family and join the Capitol's Secret Regiment later in the year. My Dad is always away from the house, leaving me with my Mom. I wanted to join the ranks with him. Hence why I embrace the title of Captain that I got back home in District 4. From my very limited training with guns, I know how to at least shoot a target with a projectile, which is why I want a bow and arrow when we get out there. Nobody in District 4 volunteered for me when I got reaped, which is a little unfortunate considering they won't want a Victor running around in a secret Capitol Organization. I suppose winning the Hunger Games is an honor in itself, but to me it'll barely ever be the same. After all, you don't get medals for that. And we all know that I appreciate medals. And if you don't know, I promise that you'll find it out pretty quick. The One girl, Candle, stands immediately next to me. On the other side, the boy from 12. I won't elaborate on the Arena too much, but it's unlike anything I've ever seen. It looks as if we've just been thrown into a child's toy box. I wasn't sure what to expect, but in a million years, I would've never been able to guess this. The clock hits 20 and I give a nod to Candle next to me, looking for the other members of our alliance. One thing I've found that Candle, Fabian, Laurentina, and especially Pride have in common is their arrogance. They all claim that they're superhuman, that they can do anything that's thrown at them. But, come on, every human has their faults. And arrogance is nothing unless you have the skill to back it up. A lot of them don't. I try to be humble outwardly, and not too arrogant inside either, but when it comes down to raw skill, words will disappear and I will win the Hunger Games. It's all unfair. But there's nothing we can do about it now. RHETT'S POV Rhett Wimberly. Best friend. Loving son. Coworker. District 5 male tribute in the 41st Hunger Games. Unafraid to speak out. Bold. Loud. Strong-willed, but not violent. Pale skin. Brown eyes. Blonde hair. Short, small, only 12. Reaped unfairly. I hate the Hunger Games. I hate the Capitol. I've been saying that for days and days, weeks and weeks, years and years of my life. I already don't like this, I've never liked it, I never will like it. The Arena's just a load of crap, just like the Games. It's annoying, bright and colorful, all made of scratchy wood that'll only splinter us up. The clock is ticking away the seconds of all our lives at a pace that seems way to fast. They have to have hijacked it, those can't be real seconds. They go faster and faster as the final minute of our lives ticks on and on and we stand on our stupid metal plates, preparing to kill each other. The others are annoying and I won't ally with any of them. I'm going to die helplessly and District 5 is going to go nuts about my death. I can feel it. I didn't even care to train because I already know I'm going to die day one. I don't even care about getting supplies because I'm going to die. There is no hope. I'm only 12 years old, after all. I can't believe this is happening! I can't believe anyone would be Ok with doing something like this! Life is so unfair to me, a poor little boy from District 5 with no hope left! My whole life has been nothing but unfair, having to work for money and having to study stupid crap at school, and now being doomed by these Hunger Games! It's all unfair. But there's nothing we can do about it now. If only our stupid ancestors had thought well enough to actually win the rebellion when it happened. If only the kids of the stupid Games would've stopped them from happening with peace. But, no. Now we're here, and I'm gonna die because of all them. Thanks a lot. Then I watch my last seconds tick away, drowning in self-pity for the 12-year-old who is going to die when that gong rings. I might be stronger than they all think. Underestimation is key. TIERRA'S POV Tierra Morrison. Best friend. Loving daughter of a single father. Instructor. Harvester. District 11 female tribute in the 41st Hunger Games. Quiet. Polite. Obedient. Strong but shy. Dark skin. Dark hair. Brown eyes. Tall. Slender. There was always a lingering fear that I would be reaped into the Games, but it is considered normal back home at District 11. Nobody wants to be here, and yet here we are. And, in an almost completely artificial Arena, it appears that any skills with nature are going to be rendered completely useless. Which means that I'm out of skills already. It's hard to not know about nature when you live in 11. You're surrounded by nature every day back home. If you want to have fun, you go outside and explore. It's where we work, it's where any social gatherings or District meetings are held, and it's where everything is. Inside has nothing compared to outside. Sometimes, someone gets lucky enough to be able to smuggle a couple seeds and "accidentally" plant a berry bush in their yard. The only concern is whether or not it's safe to eat. This knowledge is passed from generation to generation, often serving as important life lessons. Edible plants is usually something that comes naturally. Often, District 11 tributes like me know even more secrets about plants than they teach at Training. It's probably our only advantage in the Arena, unless you're one of the heavy-workers that's had time to build strength. I was never allowed to do any of that work: I'm much too thin and "fragile." What nobody knows is that I might be stronger than they all think. Underestimation is key for those tributes from the outer Districts. If I can just get them to overlook me enough, I can hopefully fly by unscathed and return just in time for the final battle. As for who it's against, I'm not sure who I think it'll be. Hopefully it's someone I can defeat without the help of the Capitol. Then again, from exploring in 11, I've also gotten good at running from mutts. I may look cute, have a cute name, and embroider the most beautiful pillows for you, but it doesn't mean I'm squeaky clean. LIANA'S POV Liana Finley. Sister. Daughter. Friend. Seamstress. District 8 female in the 41st Hunger Games. Deceiving. Quiet. Refined. Petite. Sell alcohol at the black market, but never been drunk in my life. Fair skin. Blonde hair. Brown eyes. Tall. Normal-weight. I'm probably the last person in District 8 you would expect to run a booth at the black market. But in reality, well, looks can be deceiving. I may look cute, have a cute name, and embroider the most beautiful pillows for you, but it doesn't mean I'm squeaky clean. If anything, it should probably make you more suspicious. By day, I'm just a lowly seamstress with a pretty smile that makes the most beautiful creations with lace. By night, I can hook you up with whatever drugs you could possibly need, but not without selling you a bottle of booze first. It may be gross, especially the people that I have to deal with, but I'm well-off. I've never been starving, even if I have spent a night or two in my day hungry, and I only got caught once and whipped. The experience was awful, but I think it's worth the extra money I make. I certainly make more selling alcohol that I'll ever make working as a seamstress. The conditions are god-awful and we're extremely underpaid. Even when I finish a creation, it gets sent off to the Capitol to be bought and somehow I only get one coin for it, with our boss keeping for himself and the Capitol keeping their share. My creations are so carefully done that it tricks people into thinking that's how I get all the money I have, with expensive creations. And that's what they'll always believe, especially the Capitol. When I'm a Victor, well, I guess my regulars'll have to find some other place to get drunk at, because as soon as I come out of the Arena, I'm giving up my business forever. My Victor's talent will be sewing, and that's all anyone will ever know of the person I was before the Games. That means that now, I have nothing to lose. LINCOLN'S POV Lincoln Frazier. Son. Friend. Cousin. "Freak." District 6 male tribute in the 41st Hunger Games. Small. Skinny. Starving. Short. Teased. Dysgraphic. Dyslexic. "Stupid." Tan skin. Curly brown hair. Sweet brown eyes. Yes, I'm from the District of transportation: 6. But I hated it there. I dunno what it is; if it's something about my dysgraphia and dyslexia, or something about how I suck at sports, something about the people I call my friends, or something about my interest in animals, but whatever it is gets me bullied by almost everyone. Their favorite word to use is stupid. I think it's because I have the reading level of a fourth grader and I'm 13. It's because District 6 is probably the trashiest place to live in when you can't learn and nobody has as much as a remote program for kids that have trouble learning. It's because kids around here either get reaped into the Hunger Games or leave school to go work in a factory. Factory work is dangerous, with long hours from dawn to past sunset, and not to mention it doesn't pay much at all! I was almost doomed to that fate; I was going to have to go to work as soon as I turned 14, which is actually much younger than the other kids that go to work as teens, but I can't do any good in school, and we need food. We're starving. But now I guess I'll either die in the Arena and I'll be gone forever before I can think about it, or I'll come home victorious and be the among the only people in the whole District that lives in luxury. I'd never have to work. Maybe I could actually get a