A/N: I wrote this for the Movies in the Month of May Everlark Challenge on tumblr. There is more to come. The banner is by the amazingly talented loving-mellark. I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead; I lift my lids and all is born again. (I think I made you up inside my head.) - "Mad Girl's Love Song" by Sylvia Plath The air is thick with heat, but as Katniss lies in the grass, clothes and hair damp from the lake, she doesn't notice its weight. An hour ago she cursed the unwavering sun, but now it feels like a luxury, soothing her to sleep. Go back in , a voice says. I'm dying here . A blast of heat from the ovens hits her face. Sweat beads on his forehead and slips down the bridge of his nose. She traces the dampness of her face, and for a moment, it is his skin that she touches. (She has never touched him though. Not really.) She drops her hand back into the grass. "The water's cold," she says. I'm going to pass out. Probably burn myself in the process. Do you want that on your conscience? She throws her arm over her eyes, as if this will block out the uncomfortable warmth of the oven. The scent of baking bread drifts over her, and despite her recently eaten lunch, her stomach rumbles. There's a cupcake in it for you. She lets out an exaggerated sigh as she stands. "You don't need to bribe me." She pushes her braid off her shoulder and adjusts the tank top that clings to her body, pulling it down over her underwear. Oh god, now I really am going to pass out . "Peeta!" She jerks her chin up so she now stares at the lake. "Don't look!" I'm sorry! I didn't know you were going to look down! Blushing, she keeps her eyes forward. She sees the lake as she wades in, but she sees the kitchen in the back of the bakery too. Her view of the latter shimmers, but when she focuses the picture is as vivid as the forest around her. Peeta begins frosting a three-tier cake sitting in the middle of the worktable. She can feel his shoulders relax, hear his relieved sigh. So much better , he says. Thank you. She stands knee deep in the water, mesmerized by his hands. He is so careful, so focused. His talent never ceases to amaze her. She remembers the time before Peeta's voice, when she believed the merchant class had it so much easier than the people in the Seam. She assumed a boy like Peeta, outgoing, popular, the son of a baker, went to bed with a full stomach every night. She imagined decadent dinners of freshly baked bread and extravagant desserts. Peeta was always so shy, so reticent, when she came to the back door to trade squirrels with his father. She couldn't stand looking at Peeta, not with jealousy and hunger burning holes in her stomach. Not with the vivid dreams she had of him at night: his flour-covered hands kneading dough, his long, lean body tossing and turning in bed, his mother's cruel words falling like daggers onto his shoulders. But she knows better now. She understands that happiness isn't just a roof over your head and a little food to eat. And she knows no matter how much cruelty there is in the world, even in one's own house, people are still capable of astonishing beauty. Peeta taught her that. A branch breaks behind her, and she whips around. "Hey, Catnip." "Gale! Don't look!" Without any of her usual finesse, she scrambles out of the water and grabs her pants. He slaps a hand over his eyes. "Sorry!" Peeta laughs. She scowls at his amusement, muttering for him to shut up as she quickly dries her legs and feet. After pulling on her pants, she begins to lace up her boots. "You can look now," she says. She spent the morning hunting and fishing with Gale. They visited the Hob to trade and eat lunch and parted ways almost two hours ago. Katniss didn't expect him to return to the woods. It isn't that she's unhappy to see him, but she was enjoying her quiet afternoon. Peeta still hovers in the periphery, his hands hesitating over the cake. She is tempted to shut him out, but Gale's serious expression makes her nervous. She lets Peeta stay. "Hey," Gale says again. "I was hoping you'd be out here." "Yeah, I was just cooling off." "I need to talk to you about something. If you're not busy?" She is clearly not busy. Today has delivered a rare gift: a carefree, lazy Sunday afternoon. They collected more than enough food this morning and traded the majority of it. Her mother is home, treating a patient with Prim's help. Everything feels calm and still. There is so much to worry about in the coming week, but today, she pushes it all aside. Gale's reappearance makes her heart speed up. He invites the worry back. "Can we sit?" he asks, gesturing to the grass. "I'd rather stand." Gale takes a deep breath, and she knows what he is going to say. She hoped this conversation would never happen, that Gale would find someone else, someone who could reciprocate his feelings and give him the life he wanted. She knew she would lose him when he married. His free time would belong to his wife, a child, and she would miss her best friend fiercely. But she wouldn't miss him enough to give herself away. "I know you don't want to get married—" "Gale," she interrupts. "Don't." "Wait, you need to hear me out." She crosses her arms and looks down at her boots. Despite the sun overhead, despite the heat of the ovens, goosebumps cover her skin. She knows she has reached a crossroads in her life. At eighteen, she has finished school and must soon choose a means of survival: disappear into the mines or continue risking the woods. There is enough to worry about without throwing a husband into the mix. "It's been just the two of us for years. You and me taking care of our families. Why should that change? If we married, we could continue on just as we are now." He knows her well enough to use logic and practicality instead of a declaration of love. But she knows him too. If they marry, things won't continue as they are now. They can't. She swore she'd never marry, that she would never end up like her mother. If she wed Gale and he died, she'd mourn him, but she's certain she would not shatter as her mother did. She loves Gale, but it's different from the kind of love he feels for her. Maybe that's a good enough a reason to say yes, but she knows it isn't fair, not to him or herself. "I don't want a husband," Katniss says. "And I definitely don't want children. You know that." "You might change your mind in a few years," he says. "Ma's been dropping hints about a wife, and I'm not sure how much longer I can put it off, but I want it to be you, Katniss. I want to marry you ." Her chest aches at his hopeful tone. A part of her wants to give in because she cannot stand to see him hurt, but another part grows hateful, makes her hands curl into fists. She will not change her mind. She made this decision seven years ago, and she hates that Gale thinks he can talk her out of it. She knows he's had girlfriends before, and there are plenty of girls in the Seam—even some from town—that would jump at the chance to be his wife. He's handsome, strong, and loyal. He's the kind of man you'd want to marry. If you wanted to marry. "I just want to get through this week," she says, careful to keep the fury out of her voice. "It's all I can think about right now." "I understand." He rubs the back of his neck. He's worried too. About her, his brothers. Prim. "It's your last reaping, and then you're free." Yes, free to starve, free to watch another generation of children be sacrificed for entertainment, free to worry about Prim for another four years. What a freedom to have. "I guess." "So you'll think about what I said? After it's over?" Gale asks. Before she can answer the scent of burning bread drifts over her, like smoke before a fire. Her gut twists with dread, but she isn't sure if it's from their conversation or the smell. She looks past Gale. The ovens are in front of her, and then Peeta's hands removing a tray of burnt loaves. Anxiety perches on her shoulder and pecks at her with its beak. "Katniss?" Gale asks. "Say something." The ovens disappear, and the trees return, but the apprehension lingers. Gale's hand is on her arm. She didn't notice him get closer. She pulls away. "I'm sorry, I'm not—" It's not as much the pain as it is the surprise of the blow that knocks her to the ground. No sooner does she land on her hands and knees than another push sends her face first into the grass. "Katniss?" Gale drops to his knees and touches her shoulder. "What happened? Are you all right?" Her mouth fills with the metallic taste of blood. She touches her lips, and finds her fingertips tinted red. Did she bite her tongue? She stares at her hand until her vision shimmers. Then it's a different hand, a larger, stronger one dotted with blood. The fury that has been building inside of her erupts when she feels the grip on the back of Peeta's shirt. Now that she is focused, she's able to stay down even as he's yanked backward. His mother orders him to his feet. Gale says something, but she can't hear him. She's barely there in the forest. She's filled with the scent of fire and blood, and the boiling heat of anger. She stands in time to see Mrs. Mellark pull her arm back. On instinct, Katniss's hand shoots up to block the attack, and Peeta's hand does the same. While Katniss clutches empty air, Peeta holds his mother's wrist. Katniss has never seen Peeta fight back before. He always apologizes or covers his head, but he has never laid a hand on his mother. Ever. Mrs. Mellark's mouth drops open. Her gaze burns. What do you think you're doing , she spits out through clenched teeth. Her voice is low, and her arm trembles. Peeta's hesitation sweeps through Katniss. "Don't," she said. "Don't back down." She conjures up strength, bravery, hope. She sends it out through the forest, across the space that separates them and squeezes her hand into a fist. For a moment, it works. For a moment, Peeta squeezes his hand just as hard. Katniss can feel how thin his mother's wrist is, how easy it would be to break. But Katniss also feels his resistance, his fear. It's as if she is moving his limbs for him, forcing him to act against his will. But that's impossible. That's never happened before. "Katniss? Are you okay?" Gale is desperate now. "I think you're having another episode. We need to get you to your mother." He grabs her chin and forces her to look at him. She loses her focus, and Peeta's resolve crumbles. "No!" The ferocity of that single word startles Gale. He takes a step back. "What the hell? Katniss?" Peeta's mother is cursing, seething. Her face is the color of Katniss's fingertips, the blood on Peeta's skin. You think you can lay your hands on me? I'm your mother! Katniss has never seen Mrs. Mellark this angry. Not