As Peeta downed the rest of his drink, the first notes of Mariah Carey's "All I Want for Christmas is You" filled the air. He groaned and looked over his shoulder. A group of college students huddled around the digital jukebox, pumping in dollar after dollar. Great. They'd be stuck with Christmas songs until last call. It was bad enough that the place was decorated top to bottom for the holidays. Strings of white lights lined the bar top, mistletoe hung from every entryway, and a Christmas tree was tucked into a back corner. Annie, the owner's daughter, had collected empty miniature bottles of liquor and turned them into ornaments. A beer stein served as the angel. Christmas had always been Peeta's favorite holiday, but this year everything was going wrong, and he wasn't in the mood. He'd just as soon skip the entire holiday season. He'd be home in bed right now if Finnick hadn't kept texting him every five minutes with sad face and Santa hat emojis. "'Tis the season," Finnick said before launching into a very passionate lip-syncing performance. He pointed at Peeta and blew him a kiss as the chorus played. "Please don't." "But all I want for Christmas is you." At Peeta's blank stare, Finnick gave up. "Okay, a joke instead. What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? "Snowballs?" Finnick curled his lip in disgust. "You ruined it. You took the punch line." "That one was kind of obvious." Peeta pushed his glass forward. "Can I get another?" Finnick let out an exaggerated sigh before grabbing the empty glass. While Peeta was the only one sitting in front of the bar, the rest of the place was busy for a Wednesday night, although considering it was the day before Christmas Eve, it was hardly a surprise. College students had been arriving in droves the past week as schools let out for break, and the majority of the older crowd didn't have work the next morning. After getting a pink slip back in June, Peeta woke up most mornings before dawn to work part-time at his family's bakery. His father had generously given him tomorrow off as it was a half-day and nearly all the special orders had been completed. Peeta would have preferred going to work. At least it was a distraction from how utterly useless he felt. Finnick set down a fresh drink. After taking a sip, Peeta grimaced. "Um, did you forget to add something?" "Like what?" "Like the Coke?" "That's insulting. I've been bartending for five years, and you think I don't know how to make a basic Rum and Coke?" Peeta just stared. "I added Coke. I added a dollop of Coke." "Can you maybe add a few more 'dollops'?" Peeta asked, making air quotes to emphasize Finnick's ridiculousness. "Fine, but you're missing the entire point of this evening." "Which is?" "To get drunk and have fun! It's the end of the year. It's time for a new beginning!" Peeta shook his head. He had been on twelve interviews at twelve high schools since June and had received exactly zero offers. The job market was tough, and the competition was fierce. It didn't look like something new would be beginning anytime soon. If he was lucky, maybe he'd get another tutoring job. "We've got another week before New Year's. Let's get through Christmas first," Peeta said. "Fine." Finnick sprayed a quick burst of Coke into the glass. When Peeta's frown remained, Finnick rolled his eyes and filled the cup to the brim. "Here's your watered down fun killer." Peeta took a sip and gave his friend a thumbs up. "Okay, I've got another one." Peeta had only been here an hour, but Finnick was already on his sixth holiday-themed joke. While the jokes were lame, Peeta appreciated the amount of effort Finnick was putting into the pointless task of cheering him up. "What do all the female reindeer do while Santa is busy working with the males on Christmas Eve?" Finnick asked. "I don't know. What?" "Go into town and blow a couple bucks." Peeta couldn't help the burst of laughter that escaped him. Finnick was right. Sort of. Not about female reindeer, but about having fun. Tomorrow was going to suck, and the day after too, but tonight didn't have to. And maybe the new year really would usher in a new beginning. Or maybe that was just the rum talking. "Okay, one more," Finnick said, wiggling his eyebrows. "Why doesn't Santa have any kids?" Peeta rolled his eyes. "Because he only comes once a—" He cut himself off as a gorgeous brunette approached the bar. "Because he only comes once a year," she said. At Peeta's horrified look, she continued, "It's okay. I've heard my share of dirty Christmas jokes." "And it's down a chimney," Finnick added. Heat crept up the back of Peeta's neck as he glared at Finnick. It was definitely much hotter than it had been a moment ago, and he was pretty sure his cheeks were the same color as Santa's suit. "What?" Finnick demanded. "He only comes once a year and it's down a chimney. She didn't finish the joke." Finnick turned to the woman. "What can I get you?" "Long Island Iced Tea." Peeta swiveled on top of his barstool to face her. Snowflakes dotted her dark braid, but they were already melting in the warmth of the bar. A few droplets slid from her hairline down the side of her face. He had the strangest urge to reach out and wipe them away. Thankfully, she did it herself, saving him from some extreme embarrassment. "Sorry about that," Peeta said. "My friend loves Christmas and dirty jokes. He can't help but combine them." "Your friend? You're friends with the bartender?" "Not in the 'I'm here every night because I'm sad and lonely and have a drinking problem' way. More in the 'we were college roommates and still hang out all the time' way." She nodded. "Got it." "Here you go," Finnick said. "Eight dollars." "Can I buy you your drink?" Peeta asked. She narrowed her eyes. "Why?" "Uh…" It had been forever since he had hit on a woman, but he remembered it being much easier in college. He rarely faced rejection, and he had never dealt with outright suspicion. "To be nice?" "No, guys buy girls drinks because they think it'll obligate us to talk to them and maybe sleep with them. You're already talking to me. I'm not going to sleep with you. There's no need." She pulled out her wallet. "Um, okay," Peeta said, a little annoyed at her reaction. It's not like he was expecting sex just because he purchased her a drink. Eight dollars plus tip seemed like an uneven trade for something like that. Also, he wasn't an asshole, but maybe that wasn't as obvious as he hoped. He had been delivering the punch line to a raunchy joke as she walked up. She handed her credit card to Finnick. He disappeared to the other end of the bar where the cash register was located. "Are you here with someone?" Peeta asked. "My roommate, Johanna," she said, tilting her head to indicate a woman with choppy black hair streaked with red. Johanna was currently sitting on some guy's lap, her tongue down his throat. "Is that her boyfriend?" The brunette rolled her eyes. "Nope, that's actually a new record. We've been here less than five minutes." She took a generous sip of her drink. "I guess the answer is no, I'm not here with anyone." "If we don't count Finnick, and I don't because he's working, then I'm here alone too. And we've already established that I'm not allowed to buy you a drink or sleep with you. Now that the awkward stuff is out of the way, do you want to take a seat?" Her mouth twisted into something resembling a smile as she stared down into her drink. "Katniss," she said. "What's that?" "My name. Katniss." She held out her hand. He grasped it, surprised at the sudden spark that shot up his arm. Nope, tonight did not have to suck. At all. "Peeta," he said, shaking her hand. "Does your friend know any more jokes?" she asked, sitting on the adjacent barstool. "Please don't encourage him." () Several drinks—and eight "All I Want for Christmas is You"'s—later, Finnick coerced the pair into trying a couple of Santa Shots. They were red and green and tasted like candy canes, and before Peeta knew it, he and Katniss had each downed three. "Finnick, I know this is your job and all, but I think we need to slow it down," Peeta suggested. "Unless you want me to spread my holiday cheer all over the bar." Katniss, cheeks flushed, her coat and scarf ditched long ago, peeled off her sweater. "Having trouble keeping up?" she asked, adding her sweater to the pile accumulating on the nearest stool. "Yes," Peeta said, one hundred percent not checking her out. He was very proud of himself for maintaining eye contact. "I am not ashamed to admit a girl can outdrink me, even if it's a tiny girl like yourself." "Tiny?" Katniss echoed. "Um, petite? Diminutive? Miniature?" His eyes wandered from the green bra strap peeking out to the silver chain that disappeared behind her tight black tank top. Some kind of magnetic force yanked his gaze down lower to her breasts where he lingered a few seconds too long. Was he being obvious? He was being obvious. His reaction time was slowed way down. He refocused on her face, but then he started thinking about her lips and how soft they looked. "You know a lot of synonyms, but not one of them is flattering," Katniss said. "And I'm 5'5". That's average." "Sorry. It's the English teacher in me. Drunk English teacher, actually." Katniss smiled, but she didn't laugh. While she had a beautiful smile, he had been unable to make her laugh all night. It was high on his to-do list, just under kissing her, although he doubted that would happen. Especially after her roommate had stopped over. Johanna had left with her "new friend" a couple of hours earlier, but before disappearing, she had stopped at the bar to say goodbye and give advice: "Try to have some fun, Brainless. Blondie here looks like he'd be good in the sack." Several seconds had passed before Peeta realized that the blonde in question was him and not the Thor-lookalike that had followed Johanna out the door. Katniss had blushed, Peeta had sputtered, and Finnick had told another joke to alleviate the tension. Thank god for Finnick. Mostly. Peeta was getting much drunker than he had intended, and it was completely Finnick's fault. Peeta knew he would not only have one hell of a headache in the morning but quite an expensive tab. He was trying to be careful with his money, especially after purchasing gifts for his family, but he was certain he had drunk half of his most recent paycheck. "English teacher?" Katniss asked. "What grade?" "No grade as of right now. Lost my job after budget cuts. Last one hired, first one fired." "That's awful. I'm sorry." "I'm tutoring and substituting here and there. I'll find something new soon," he said, regretting mentioning it at all. The past couple of hours had flown by in easy conversation, and he didn't want to bring up such a loaded, negative topic. "Should we do another shot?" "You may each have just one more shot," Finnick announced in his best authoritative voice. "Last call." "Already?" Katniss asked. She pulled out her cell phone and frowned. Peeta recognized a change in her demeanor, although he wasn't sure what it was. Did she regret spending her entire night talking to him? He thought she had been enjoying herself, especially when he had launched into a rant about cheesy Hallmark movies. He didn't