A/N: This fic is inspired by the film Suicide Squad, but it focuses on the prison. There's no formation of a squad of villains or saving the world. Title is from the song by Twenty One Pilots. Part I Seven years later, and she looks the same, albeit skinnier and more world-weary, both of which are impressive considering her childhood. But he recognizes the dark braid hanging halfway down her back, the scowl he used to banish from her face with the right joke. The orange jumpsuit she wears is new. "Mellark, are you listening?" Peeta's head snaps to the left just as she disappears around the corner, flanked by two guards. He looks up at his new supervisor - Boggs, is it? - and nods. "Yes sir." Boggs holds out an arm, and they both stop. "Look, I know many people find this job appealing for the pay, but there's a reason it pays so much, understand?" Peeta blinks, his mind a beat behind the conversation. He forgot about the pay differential. This prison pays five dollars an hour more than his last one, which means a fatter savings, and escaping this hellhole of a city faster than he originally planned. But he isn't here for the money. He's here for her. Whether he likes it or not. "A lot of people can't handle this place," Boggs continues. "Every couple of months, I get a wave of new transfers. And every couple of months, those same men and women transfer back." "I understand," Peeta says. "I'm not sure you do. But you will." Three days pass before he sees her again. Three days of screaming, swearing prisoners threatening to kill him, to rip him apart limb by limb. Three days of deranged rambling from the mentally ill, the ones who clearly need to be in a different kind of facility. They beg him to help them escape and throw fits when he ignores them. Thrashing, hitting, yelling. He's not sure which ones are worse. In the past seventy-two hours, Peeta has grown accustomed to the guards' gross mistreatment of the inmates. He looks away, says nothing, because he can't risk his new position. Then halfway through his shift, he turns a corner and sees a guard with his hands around Katniss Everdeen's neck. Peeta breaks into a run. He opens his mouth to yell, but before he can make a sound, Katniss has freed herself and stolen the guard's gun in the process. Blood trickles from a cut on her forehead, threatening to drip into her eye. She cannot wipe it away without moving the gun thanks to the handcuffs around her wrists. There's a bruise on her cheekbone, a swirl of colors beneath her right eye. Peeta slows his gait as he approaches. He raises his arms, copying the two guards in front of her. They lock eyes. If she recognizes him, she gives no indication. "You're outnumbered, sweetheart. Better hand over that gun," Cato warns. His tone does nothing to distract from the fear on his face. "What the hell is going on?" Peeta demands. "She attacked us!" the second guard says. "She attacked you?" Peeta repeats. "Unprovoked?" The guard nods, his eyes never leaving the gun. Katniss scowls but says nothing. She moves the gun from side to side in a smooth line, moving from Cato to the other guard then back to Cato. She never lingers on Peeta. "I doubt she attacked you unprovoked," Peeta says. "Isn't that right, Everdeen?" "Excuse me?" Cato demands, turning toward Peeta and dropping his hands. Then she's next to Cato, gun pressed against his temple, digging into his skin. She pushes on his shoulder. In a second, he's on his knees. "Everdeen," Peeta repeats. "I know it's tempting to kill him. I've only been here three days, and I can already tell he's a psychopathic asshole who probably has more reason to be in here than some of the prisoners." "What. The. Fuck!" Cato screams, eyes bulging. "But there's no getting out of here. There's too many guards, too many doors you can't open. And if you kill Cato, hell if you even wound him, they'll punish you. You'll lose your privileges." He pauses, finds the magic words. "They'll stop letting you go outside." Her gaze flickers over him, and he knows he's hit a nerve. He reaches out his hand. "Just give me the gun. Hand it over right now, and we don't have to report this. It'll be like it never happened." "Bullshit!" Cato yells, spit flying from his mouth. "This bitch is in trouble, big fucking-" Peeta raises his voice, talking over Cato, "Like I said, it'll be like it never happened." He takes a step toward her, and when she doesn't move, he takes another. He notices the wet patch on her shoulder, and the small drops of water on the ground, dripping off her braid. "Everdeen?" He reaches out his hand. After a long moment, she lets the gun drop. She is careful not to touch him as she hands it over. Peeta glares at Cato. "What the hell are you doing with a gun?" "You have no idea what it's like here," Cato says. "Pepper spray and a baton are no match for psychos and meta-humans. We need guns to protect ourselves." Katniss quirks an eyebrow. "Yeah, I see that's working out well for you," Peeta says. "Fuck you. She's your problem now." Cato throws a set of keys at Peeta's feet before ripping the gun away. He rushes off, the other guard on his heels. Peeta touches Katniss's elbow, and she jerks away. He holds up his hands and says, "I'll bring you back." Regulations require a minimum of two guards while escorting a prisoner, but Peeta's out of luck. It doesn't matter anyway. Another guard won't help. She doesn't need a gun to hurt him, although he seriously doubts the guards know that, or Katniss would be living a very different life behind bars. When Peeta passes a guard on duty, he ignores the man's quizzical expression and asks him to send the doctor to Katniss's cell. Peeta unlocks the door, but leaves it open as he follows her inside. She sits on the bed, and he stands in front of her. "Can I…?" He gestures to her face. After a long moment, she nods. He gently grasps her chin and tilts her head up toward the light. The blood trickles back, toward her forehead. He looks around, but of course there is nothing more than a bed, toilet, and a couple of books. "What'd they do?" Peeta asks. He's seen the extent of the damage. He has no reason to keep examining her face, yet he doesn't let go. "Everdeen?" Her gaze is faraway, unfocused. After a moment, he tries a different approach. "Katniss?" And then she snaps back into herself, gray eyes locked on his. "Doctor here," a voice announces. Peeta immediately takes a step away, his hand falling back to his side. An older, dark-haired man stands in the doorway. Peeta vaguely remembers meeting him on his first day. The badge clipped to the man's coat reads "Dr. Abernathy." "What happened?" the doctor asks, looking from Katniss to Peeta. "She fell." Dr. Abernathy scoffs. "Right. The prisoners here are so damn clumsy." He gives Katniss a quick onceover. "She'll be fine," he says. "No stitches needed." He cleans the cut and places a bandage over it. "Doesn't look like a serious fall ." He eyes Peeta. "You're new here, right? You might need to find some better excuses." "I didn't-" Peeta begins. "I don't care." The doctor draws out the last word as he disappears through the open cell door. "They were staring at us." Peeta startles and looks down at Katniss. Her voice is quiet, subdued. He hasn't heard her speak in seven years, not since the night she cried behind the bakery, apologizing for things out of her control. "In the shower. They're supposed to give us privacy, but they don't even pretend." "So you attacked them?" There is no anger or judgment in his tone. He's just trying to collect the facts. "They were saying awful things to Annie. I couldn't let that slide." Annie. Peeta tries to conjure a face, but he knows the inmates only by their last names. He bends down in front of Katniss and slides a key into the handcuffs. "You're not going to tell them, are you?" she asks. He slips the cuffs off her wrists and looks up at her. His position is all wrong. He's vulnerable, crouched in front of her, hands hovering over her rather than his weapon. If someone walked by right now, he'd be written up. But this is why he's here. This is why he transferred. "I won't tell them what happened with Cato," he says. "No, I mean about what I can do." His heart stutters in his chest. The years fall away, and they're twelve again, sharing secrets under the bleachers at school. He touches her then, barely, his fingertips tracing the tops of her hands. Her skin is warm, burning, just as he remembers. "No," he says. "I won't." Peeta isn't surprised when Boggs calls him into his office the next day. While Peeta doubts Cato breathed a word to anyone, the inmates would notice Katniss's bandage. There would be talk. Whatever the inmates know, the guards eventually do too. And then there are the cameras. The video lacks sound, but two things are clear: Katniss lashed out first, and Peeta diffused the situation. "Normally, I'd be commending you on a job well done. I'd be impressed that a transfer handled a dangerous situation, one that could have easily turned deadly. But I can't. Do you know why?" Boggs asks, leaning forward in his chair. Peeta decides there's no point in playing dumb. "Because I didn't report it." "That's right. An inmate in my prison held a gun to a guard's head yesterday, and there isn't a single report of it anywhere. I believe you know the process for filing the paperwork, Mellark. It's the same at the county jail you transferred from." "I'm aware, sir." Boggs folds his hands in front of him as if to say, Well? "I told Everdeen there would be no report if she handed the gun over." Boggs makes a noise in the back of his throat, but says nothing. "When I came across the fight, Cato had his hands around her neck. She was defending herself." "With a gun. Do you know how many people she's murdered?" Peeta almost reminds his supervisor that Katniss's weapon of choice is a bow and arrow, but he manages to keep quiet. It wouldn't help the situation if Boggs knew Peeta read up on her. "She could have killed those men," Boggs continues. "She could have killed you." No , Peeta thinks. She could have killed Cato and the other guard. But not him. He's not sure where the certainty comes from. He recalls the articles he's read online, the aerial pictures of a smoking mansion, but he also remembers the way the gun slid past him yesterday. As if he wasn't there at all. "Cato shouldn't have had a gun," Peeta says. "No, but that's a separate matter that I've already attended to. I want to know why you think it's appropriate that an inmate that attacked two guards shouldn't face punishment." "I told her she wouldn't so she'd hand over the gun. I thought it was the best way to end it quickly and without violence." "So are you friends with the inmates now, Mellark? Striking deals with them whenever you wish?" Peeta's fists clench at his side. "No, but-" "But nothing. I don't care what the hell you promised her. We have a protocol here that will be followed." Peeta's vision grows fuzzy as rage burns a trail down his body. He wants to