A/N: Title comes from the song by Explosions in the Sky. Trigger warnings: PTSD, self-harm, panic attacks, depression. Katniss is halfway down the stairs when the power cuts out. She slams her free hand against the wall to keep herself from falling. I'm home. I'm okay. It's just the storm. She squeezes her eyes shut and waits a few seconds. When she opens them, there is no difference. The dark stretches endlessly around her. She's trapped. She stumbles down the last few steps and sinks to the ground. I'm home. I'm okay. I'm home. I'm okay. But it's happening all over again. The air is thick with a violent, crackling heat. Concrete presses in on all sides. "Tucker." Her voice comes out as a croak, but the golden retriever is already close. He presses his cold, wet nose into her outstretched hand. "Get the medicine." Katniss hugs her knees to her chest and pushes away the sound of screaming. Prim. I have to find Prim. She focuses on the noise Tucker's nails make as he trots into the living room. I'm home. I'm safe. Prim isn't here. He returns seconds later with a small canvas bag. "Good boy," she whispers, rubbing his head. "Get a water." Nails against the floor. The pop of the refrigerator door as it opens and shuts. A cool bottle of water pressed into her palm. Her hands shake as she scratches behind his ears. "You're such a good boy." The dark makes it difficult to find the right prescription. She's on an endless amount these days. The first pill is the wrong size, so she drops it back in. The second is the wrong shape. Finally, she locates the Clonazepam. She pops two in her mouth followed by a large gulp of water. The bottle is too wet, her hands too unsteady. It slips to the ground, and water spills around her. She barely notices the puddle seeping into her clothing. Tucker rests his head on her knees. There is nothing else to do but use his presence to ground her, reminder her where she is, and wait for the panic to pass. If she stands up too soon, she will break apart. She'll be nothing but a pile of limbs and ash. She's not sure how long it takes. It's impossible to tell in the dark. Panic attacks always twist her perception of time, expanding seconds into minutes into hours. Sometimes she forgets the date and is back in rubble, lost and bloody and alone. She thinks of the scissors she used to drag across her arm. It never left anything more than angry red scratches behind, but it always calmed her. The pain reminded her where she was. She never had to worry about slipping away with the dull blade pressed to her skin. But she hasn't done it in months. Tucker is trained to interrupt that habit. She can't even scratch her arms for too long without him shoving his nose against her hand. Finally, her heart rate slows. The nausea passes. She picks her head up, but keeps her eyes closed, so she can pretend that the dark is a choice she has made and that she is still in control. A knock at the door startles her. Who the hell is at her door in the middle of a blizzard? Her house is located on a cul-de-sac at the end of a long residential street. She cannot see the main road from her window, but it is safe to assume it is impassable. Another knock. Then, a voice: "Katniss? Katniss, it's Peeta from next door." Peeta moved into the house nestled between hers and Mr. Abernathy's six months ago. Despite his numerous attempts to strike up a conversation, she has yet to actually speak to him. Two weeks after Peeta arrived, he knocked on her front door. At the time, she was draped over the couch, cuddling with Tucker. She muted the TV and waited for him to leave. Peeta knocked a few more times before giving up. The sound of footsteps on her porch less than fifteen minutes later suggested he returned, but this time there was no knock. She snuggled into Tucker's fur and fell asleep. When she opened the door that night to retrieve the mail, she found a plastic tub of homemade chocolate chip cookies and a note sitting on her porch. I'm sorry I missed you! I'm your new neighbor. I hope you enjoy the cookies. It's just my way of saying hello. I hope to meet you soon! – Peeta His note inspired an unreasonable amount of rage. Didn't he understand personal etiquette? She was supposed to visit him with some kind of gift to welcome him to the neighborhood, not the other way around. It didn't matter that she had no intention of doing so. His delivery felt like a scolding. He had given her two weeks to say hello, and when she failed, he decided to make her feel shitty about it. She threw out the cookies, shredded the note, and resolved not to return his Tupperware. She usually managed to avoid him. Occasionally, he caught sight of her when she was returning from a doctor's appointment or walking Tucker along the road. He always waved and shouted out a greeting. She always averted her eyes and pretended not to hear. "Katniss?" She knows if she waits him out, he'll leave, but she feels the tiniest bit of guilt that he's standing outside in the freezing cold trying to get her attention. Well, it's not her fault he's an idiot. She didn't ask him to pay her a visit in the middle of a blizzard. Still, this is the first time he's come to her door since his initial attempt. It must be important if he's doing it now. What if he's hurt? What if he needs help? She goes to the door. Tucker follows her closely. Peeta stands on her porch, holding a lantern and a shovel. He is bundled up in a black North Face coat and matching gloves. "Hey," he says. "Are you here to shovel my driveway?" she asks with a raised eyebrow. "Can I come in?" Despite the overhang protecting the porch, the snow batters Peeta's face. She nods. He leans the shovel against the side of her house, stomps off as much snow as he can, and steps inside. Pieces of blonde hair stick out from beneath the knit cap he wears on his head. Snowflakes dot his eyelashes. "What are you doing here?" She doesn't mean to sound rude, but his presence in her house makes her uncomfortable. She's not used to company. A second burst of light appears as Peeta hands her a flashlight. "I wanted to invite you over. I have a small generator if you need to charge your phone or anything else. I also have a woodstove, so it won't be cold." There is a fireplace in her living room, but she has never used it and she never will. A woodstove isn't much better, but at least the flames aren't visible with the door shut. She can pretend it's not there at all. Katniss fiddles with her flashlight so she doesn't have to look at Peeta. "You're inviting just me?" "I stopped at Mr. Abernathy's first, but he was asleep. Waking him up didn't go so well. Did you know he sleeps with a knife?" She didn't. She knows very little about Haymitch except that he seems as antisocial as her. Maybe more so. "I think he was a Marine," she says, as if this is enough of an explanation. It is. Enough for Peeta, at least. "I told him he could come over, but I'm not sure he understood, so I covered him up with a couple of extra blankets I found and left him a flashlight." "That was really nice of you." Peeta seems genuine enough. He has a nice smile. She's used to seeing him as a blonde blur as he drives by, or a smiling figure across the street. He's quite handsome up close. "So you can come over. If you want. I mean, it'll just be the two of us, so it's up to you. I was going to watch a movie on my laptop. The woodstove keeps the living room really warm." He's rambling a little bit, which is sort of cute, and the idea of light and sound and warmth sounds like paradise right now. She's used to being alone, but she always has a distraction: a book, a movie, a jigsaw puzzle. Anything to occupy her mind. The only option she has left is to go to bed, but she always sleeps with a light on. She knows she has a flashlight somewhere in the house, and Peeta would probably let her keep his. She's not sure it'll be enough. "My dog can't be left alone," she says as if this is a reasonable excuse. There's no way Peeta doesn't know what Tucker is. Whenever she leaves the house, Tucker is with her. While she loves Tucker more than anything (and anyone) in the world, it sucks that her most personal secret is on display whenever they're in public. People don't know what she needs him for, but they see his vest, the words "Service Dog, Please Do Not Pet" printed across his chest, and they know she is a little bit broken. "No problem. He can come too. What's his name?" "Tucker." "Can I pet him?" It's sweet that he asks. Tucker doesn't wear his vest around the house, so he is technically off-duty, free to play and return affection to whoever offers it. Still though, Peeta respects what Tucker is. It makes her feel like he respects her too. "Yeah, go ahead," she says. Peeta kneels down and scratches behind the dog's ears. "I need to change." Her pants are still damp, and her socks are absolutely soaked. "Okay. Take your time. I'll wait with this guy." Anxiety seizes her as she follows the flashlight beam up the stairs. She cannot remember the last time she hung out with another person for an extended amount of time. Her therapist, Dr. Aurelius, has been pushing her to get out of the house more. He doesn't think her biweekly appointments with him or her monthly trips to the doggy spa are enough. She walks Tucker at least three times a day, but Dr. Aurelius stressed how vital social interaction is to her recovery. Thanks to the Internet, she rarely has to leave her house. Everything is ordered online and delivered to her front door, even groceries. Going to Peeta's house will make Dr. Aurelius happy. He'll see it as progress. Maybe he'll stop insisting she see him every two weeks. She would prefer once a month. When she comes downstairs a few minutes later wearing boots and sweatpants, she finds Tucker with his food bowl hanging from his mouth, looking up at Peeta with pitiful eyes. "Tuck, come on," Katniss says. "Does he need to eat before we go?" Peeta asks. "He already had dinner." She takes the bowl out of Tucker's mouth and places it on the ground. "And dessert. But nice try." She pulls her coat off the hook by the door and slips it on. Tucker's leash is next. She doesn't bother with the vest. "Lead the way," she says. Once they're outside, Katniss understands the purpose of Peeta's shovel. He's made a path from his house to Haymitch's and then back to Katniss's. There's almost a foot of snow on the ground. Without the clearing, it'd be incredibly difficult to cross the street. It's dark inside Peeta's house. He lights the way to the middle of the living room where he flicks on a lamp plugged into a generator. "We'll use this until we get ourselves situated. Then, I'll plug in the laptop," he explains. "Can I get