Chapter One: April 10, 1912 Despite listening to Cato brag for weeks about the Titanic's magnificence as if he had built it himself, Katniss had never been able to form a clear mental picture. It was enormous. It made her feel small and insignificant, much like everything else in her life. She missed the squalid apartment she had shared with Prim, her mother, her aunt Violet, and three cousins with a fierceness she never would have believed possible a few weeks prior. But life would be better now. It was a promise she had made to herself and to Prim. They would float to New York on this giant ship, and disappear into the middle of the country to start a new life. "Katniss, find us a porter." Katniss tore her eyes away from the ship to find Lord Snow impatient at her side. "Grandfather." It was only one word, but Cato made it sound like a threat. He was belligerent by nature, but he was usually very careful about choosing his battles with his grandfather. She didn't understand why he would object to a request for Katniss to perform her duties. "Allow me," Cato offered. His words were directed toward Snow, but his hand found the small of her back. Katniss had been a maid at the Snow Estate for a year and a half, and Cato was always finding excuses to touch her. She never understood why he chased her when there were more attractive (and more willing) options. Glimmer, for example, would have reflected his lecherous gaze like a mirror. The first time he approached Katniss, she had been dusting the furniture in an empty guest bedroom. He had come up behind her, grabbed her around the waist and pulled her against him. "Hello, beautiful," he said. "I believe it's time for your afternoon break." Katniss stomped on his foot and he released her. "There's no need for violence," Cato purred. "You should save your energy for other endeavors." "I think there has been a misunderstanding about my position in this house, sir." Katniss remained surprisingly calm even as anger and embarrassment threatened to spill out of her in an expletive-laced outburst. "My dear, there are many positions you can hold in this house." Cato mashed his face against hers, his hand tight around her neck, his tongue forcing its way into her mouth. She bit down until she tasted blood. He pushed her into the wardrobe with a curse and stormed out of the room. Almost a week passed before Lord Snow had summoned Katniss to his study, and instead of losing her job she had learned her true worth. Katniss watched Cato disappear into the crowd in search of another porter, leaving her trapped in a strained silence with Lord Snow. Cato's aunt Effie was on the other side of the car, supervising the chauffeur as he unloaded her luggage from the car. "What a lovely dress," Snow observed. Katniss smoothed the skirt self-consciously. The dress was lovely, a rich green satin with silk trim that likely cost several months of her wages, but she felt obvious and out of place wearing it, especially in front of Snow. She felt like an impostor. "A gift from my grandson, I presume?" He sounded annoyed, which was a surprise. Such an extravagant gift should have pleased him. It had flustered Katniss the night before when Cato had presented it to her with the request that she wear it to the port. She was used to gifts from him: delicious desserts she could share with Prim, glittering combs for her hair, expensive pieces of jewelry she planned to sell in the future. The dress, however, had startled her. It felt different from his previous gifts. It felt less like he was giving her something and more like he was taking something away. "Yes," Katniss answered. She wished her mother and sister would arrive. Everything felt terribly overwhelming, and she knew Prim would feel the same way. Prim would need a steady presence, someone to assure her that everything would be alright, that they would be alright once they reached America. Katniss felt selfish wishing fear and anxiety onto her sister, but it was the only way she could overcome it herself. "Look, I've fetched four hands to help," Cato announced, two porters trailing behind him. "My grandson, always exceeding expectations." The sarcasm in Snow's voice did not go unnoticed. Katniss walked away, uninterested in watching the standoff between the two men. She needed to find Prim and her mother. Katniss had stayed at a nearby hotel with Lord Snow, Cato, and Effie the night before, but Prim and her mother were making the long trip from London to Southampton this morning. Katniss worried they would be late. Third class was boarding soon. Katniss, on the other hand, had first class accommodations as Effie's personal maid. She hated the idea of being separated from Prim, but she was grateful they were at least on the same ship. Snow could have delayed her family's passage to America for weeks or months. He could have refused to bring them at all. A sleek black car pulled up in front of Katniss. It was the newest model from Snow's production line, a carbon copy of the vehicle already loaded on board the ship. Prim jumped out of the backseat into her sister's arms. "Oh my," whispered Prim as she gaped at the Titanic over Katniss's shoulder. "It's enormous. How does it stay afloat?" Already Katniss's anxiety was shrinking into a small, manageable ball that she could shove to the back of her mind. "I'm not sure," Katniss said. "But Lord Snow says the ship is unsinkable. It has no choice but to float." "Perhaps your mother and sister should get in line? They must go through a health inspection before boarding," Lord Snow said with a hint of disdain. Katniss scowled once his back was turned. She loathed the fact that Prim and her mother had to be inspected like cattle. They didn't carry any diseases. Mrs. Everdeen had recovered from her deadly cough a year ago, shortly after moving out of her sister's cramped apartment and into the cottage located in the back of the Snow Estate. They were well fed and healthy. Whenever Katniss felt sick with herself and her actions, she remembered Prim's healthy glow and knew it was worth it. Katniss pulled her sister into once last hug. "I brought it with me like you asked," Prim whispered into her ear. "It's in my satchel." "Thank you." Katniss kissed Prim's cheek and watched her little family walk down the pier. Prim carried a letter from Johanna Mason, Katniss's first friend in London. Johanna had walked around with a perpetual scowl, snapping at anyone who looked at her the wrong way, but she had watched out for Katniss at the textile factory where they had both worked. Johanna left shortly before the incident that got Katniss fired with the declaration that she was going to America to find a new life—one that didn't involve a cramped dirty factory and a nasty old man bossing her around. Katniss never saw her again, but months later, Johanna sent a letter to Aunt Violet's apartment. Katniss couldn't read. She never had the opportunity to learn with all the farm work that needed to be done, and her father had not been very encouraging when it came to educating women. Prim had taken lessons from an aging neighbor in the early evening after her chores were done, and she practiced with whatever type of literature she could get her hands on. Prim read the letter aloud over and over until Katniss had it memorized. She no longer needed the physical copy, but she liked keeping it nearby. It was proof that a better life existed out there for her and her family. It's beautiful here , Johanna had written. It's not as green as I imagine Ireland to be, but you'll love it. If you can find a way, you should join us. Land is cheap. You can disappear here. Johanna had included an address, some farm in Montana. Katniss would get them there. She had been saving a little at a time. Once she figured out the best way to travel to Montana and sold her collection of jewelry, she would take Prim and her mother and disappear. It had to be soon, shortly after reaching New York. She knew she was wearing out her usefulness. Soon, Lord Snow would no longer need her, and she was afraid what would happen once she became worthless. "Come along, Katniss," Cato said. "It's almost time to board." A few months ago, shortly after Snow had purchased boarding passes for the Titanic, Glimmer cornered Katniss in the kitchen after they had cleared away breakfast, her blue-eyed gaze sharp and cold. "Don't you have family here?" Glimmer demanded. "You're leaving them behind to be his mistress?" Glimmer tried to sound disgusted, but Katniss could hear the longing in her voice. Glimmer had parents and two sisters living in London, but she knew Glimmer would leave them behind without a second thought. Katniss didn't answer, not wanting to set off the unpredictable blonde. Glimmer envied the gifts Katniss received, the less strenuous tasks she was assigned, and now this, the grandest of all opportunities, had fallen right into her lap. Glimmer glared at the jeweled barrette in Katniss's hair. Katniss hated the decoration and the angry looks it earned from the staff. She only wore it to please Cato. He told her when it sparkled beneath the lights of the chandelier, it looked as if it was winking at him, letting him in on a private joke. "Are you coming back?" Katniss wanted to lie and delay Glimmer's wrath for as long as possible, but nothing stayed secret in the mansion for long. The only secret that remained was the deal Katniss had unwillingly made with Snow. Everything else was dragged through the house, servant to servant to master. "I'm to stay on as a maid at Snow's Estate in New York," Katniss said. "How lucky for you. And your family?" Glimmer demanded. "Your precious little sister?" Katniss stared down at the checkered kitchen tile, unable to look at Glimmer's face. "My mother and sister are coming too." Glimmer ripped the barrette out of Katniss's hair, yanking out several dark strands in the process. Katniss bit her tongue to keep silent and backed into the wall. She would not fight Glimmer, but she also would not give Glimmer the satisfaction of seeing her in pain. Glimmer dropped the barrette and crushed it beneath her worn boots. "Do you think you're untouchable? You're nothing," she sneered. "When you first arrived, I thought you were simple. Harmless. I had no idea you had it in you, spreading your legs for master and grandson." "I'm not—" "They'll destroy you," Glimmer warned. Katniss still woke in the middle of the night thinking she was back home. Not the cramped, foul-smelling apartment she had shared with Aunt Violet and her cousins, but her real home: the farm in Cork. With her eyes closed, she imagined she was back in that hard, narrow bed, her sister sleeping quietly beside her, her parents in bed a few feet away. They were almost always hungry, dirty, and sore, but it was their home. It was the only kind of happiness Katniss had ever known. She wasn't sure she could rewrite the definition now. She wasn't sure there was another kind. While she had grown more used to the lavish taste of the elite, her gaze still lingered on possessions in Snow's household she could never hope to own: a painting of a meadow, a plush Persian carpet, a soft mattress. She puzzled over other possessions: a suit of armor, a statue of a naked woman, dozens and dozens of shoes. How could so many people