A/N: Title comes from the song "2 Heads" by Coleman Hell. 1. Peeta had been in his new apartment for three days when he realized he hadn't had a home cooked meal since he made his big move. He checked Google and found the nearest Stop & Shop was twenty minutes away. Of course. The perks of living in a small town. He ended up at a local store located five minutes from his apartment building. Higher prices for less of a selection. Yeah, he was going to love this small town stuff. He walked into Capitol Mart and decided it had a big name for such a small place. He made quick work of the handful of aisles, grabbing whatever caught his eye rather than working off a list. At this point, anything was better than another serving of General Tso's Chicken. He stood in line at the only checkout line that was open and studied the magazine headlines as he waited. "Shit," the woman in front of him mumbled. He looked up to find a very pretty brunette staring at the cashier. "Can you try once more, Darius?" she asked. "Maybe it's a mistake." "I tried three times, Kat. It got declined." "Katniss?" A young girl with blonde braids looked up at the brunette. They didn't look alike, but Peeta assumed they were somehow related. "Can you go wait in the car, Prim?" The blonde hesitated. Katniss gave her a pleading look, so she nodded and exited through the nearby automatic door. Katniss batted the braid that hung over her shoulder out of her way as she dug through her purse. "I…I only have ten dollars on me." Her groceries were already packed in several paper bags. The electronic screen displayed the total: $112.45. "My mother must have paid the rent early," she explained. "I don't get paid for another week. Can't I just…owe you? Maybe?" "You know I can't do that," Darius said quietly, leaning a little closer. "Cato would have me fired." She nodded, her cheeks flushed, and took a step backwards. She surveyed the bags of groceries, her empty cart. "Right, okay. Let me just get the milk, bread, and peanut butter." "Hey, wait," Peeta interrupted. Both the woman and the cashier turned toward him. The woman—Katniss?—looked even more embarrassed now that she realized she had a witness. Peeta lifted his credit card in the air. "I can pay." "No, that's really not necessary," Katniss said. "It's no problem at all." He handed his card to the cashier. "I said it's not necessary," Katniss snapped. She yanked the card out of Darius's hand and shoved it back into Peeta's. "I'll be fine." "It's no problem," Peeta said. "You can pay me back if it bothers you that much. We can exchange numbers, and—" "I don't know what's worse. You taking pity on me, or you thinking this is some kind of meet cute." "I'm not—" "Mind your own business!" Katniss dug into the paper bags and pulled out the gallon of milk, loaf of bread, and jar of peanut butter. "Just these, Darius," she said, staring straight ahead. Darius quickly surveyed the items she selected and winced. "I think with tax it's going to be more than ten dollars." By this point, Katniss's olive skin had turned a deep shade of red. She swore under her breath and rubbed her forehead. Peeta pulled out his card again. "Please?" he asked as if she was the one doing him a favor. She nodded before looking back down at her purse. While Darius charged the $112.45 to Peeta's card, Katniss dug out her cell phone. "Put your number in," she said. "I wasn't trying to hit on you," Peeta insisted. "You don't have to pay me back. It's not a big deal." "Of course it is," Katniss snapped, thrusting her phone at him once more. Katniss quickly shoved the grocery bags into her cart before taking her phone back from Peeta. "Thanks," she said, unable to meet his eyes. "It's no problem," he replied, but she was already walking toward the door. Monday morning, Peeta woke up at three-thirty AM, long before his alarm was set to go off. He tossed and turned for over an hour, but his mind kept wandering back to the lesson plans he had carefully constructed over the past couple of weeks. Despite his best efforts, his brain would not shut off. After graduating in May, and languishing in the purgatory that is the time between college and a Real Job, Peeta had grown desperate. He had applied for thirty positions, interviewed for ten, but budget cuts and tough competition kept him unemployed. His mother was growing increasingly frustrated with his perceived idleness. She also kept leaving brochures for law school lying on his bed. Finally, Peeta had been offered a mid-year position as a long-term substitute for high school English. He was guaranteed work until June with the possibility of a permanent position the following year. He had been in Panem, Vermont for five days, but his apartment was still a mess. Half-open boxes and stacks of textbooks crowded every inch of available space. He had no furniture other than one kitchen chair and a box spring and mattress. He doubted he'd be able to afford much more any time soon. His mother had called him an idiot for moving four hours away for a temporary position. She refused to support him financially, but luckily he had a chunk of change saved up from working at a bakery during his time at Yale. Her reaction was reason enough to take the risk. Except now he was terrified. What if he was terrible? What if the students hated him? What if he couldn't control them? What if he failed? There was no way in hell he was moving back home. Finally, at five AM, he gave up on falling back asleep. He took a shower, packed his messenger bag, and left the apartment in search of breakfast. Despite running up a bill of over one hundred dollars, he had failed to buy a single breakfast item at the grocery store. His stomach was in knots, but he was determined to force something down. The last thing he needed was to pass out in front of his class due to low blood sugar. District Diner was situated halfway between Peeta's apartment building and the high school. It was small and a little rundown (half the letters on the sign were burnt out), but it seemed cozy enough, and he had plenty of time to kill. There were only two other customers. The girl behind the cash register scowled at him as if his presence was a huge inconvenience. Her nametag read Johanna. With a jab of her pointed chin, she told him to sit wherever. He picked a booth in the back next to a window. It was still pitch black outside, making it feel like the dead of night rather than an hour before sunrise. He pulled out his binder of lesson plans, prepared to reread them for the ten millionth time, when an empty mug appeared in front of him. He looked up. The waitress wasn't scowling like the other girl, but she wasn't really smiling either. If anything, she looked bored. She was pretty though with dark hair twisted into a single braid and gray eyes. She was also the girl from the grocery store. "Good morning. I'm Katniss. I'll be your server. Would you like a cup of coffee?" She sounded like a robot, rattling off the standard greeting. She placed a menu in front of him and stifled a yawn behind her hand. She froze then, her gaze finally settling on his face. "Coffee sounds good," Peeta said. Her hand dropped to her side, and she nodded. When she returned with the coffee pot, he ordered egg whites and a cup of fresh fruit. She arched an eyebrow. "Is that all?" "Yeah." He could have left it at that. Her expression wasn't exactly inviting an explanation. Still, he blurted out, "I just moved to town, and I 'm starting a new job today. It's my first real post-college job, and I'm too nervous to eat." "Oh," she said before she walked back to the kitchen. Well, that was mortifying. It was hard being so far away from all his friends. He had lived in Connecticut his entire life and attended college there. This was his first time living not only alone but also away from everyone he knew. He had no support system. Delly and Finnick had texted him a few times, but he didn't want to confess how nervous he was. No, he wanted to ramble on about it to a complete stranger who could not care less. Who probably hated him for reminding her of the embarrassment she suffered two days ago. When Katniss returned, she set down two plates in front of him. One contained his order of egg whites and a pile of fresh fruit. There was a pancake on the other with a whipped cream smiley face. "Just in case you get hungry," she said. "And for good luck." She didn't smile or even seem that happy, but he might have fallen in love right then and there. (Just a little bit.) When the check arrived, the total was written at the bottom, slashed through with a pen. Three zeroes sat underneath. When Peeta tried to pay, Johanna told him he was working off an existing tab. The good news was that he still had $102.85 left. He asked to speak with Katniss, but Johanna insisted she was busy in the kitchen. He left a $10 tip. The next day, he arrived at the same time and sat in the same booth. Katniss greeted him with a frown. "You're back up to your original amount," she said. "You can't tip." "Uh, is this not a diner? Do you not accept tips here?" "I owe you money. You can't give me money while I still owe you." "That's not fair. I accept eating for free, but I have to tip you." Katniss opened her mouth to argue, but he continued on, "If I can't tip you, I'll have to take my business elsewhere. And then how will you pay me back?" She glared at him. "You're impossible." "Me? I'm the impossible one?" "Just don't tip the amount the check is for. That defeats the whole purpose." "Fine. Just the standard twenty to thirty percent then." She rolled her eyes and held up the coffee pot. He gladly accepted before ordering an egg white omelet with tomato, ham, and broccoli and a side of hash browns. When she brought him his order, she asked how his first day went. "It was great. I didn't pass out," Peeta said. "That's good, I guess," she replied. "Although that's a pretty low standard to measure your success by." Peeta laughed and explained that he taught high school, and how despite his education, he wasn't completely sure what he was doing. "No one knows what they're doing," she said with a shrug. "The good news is that teenagers assume adults do, so they probably won't notice." "Thanks. That actually makes me feel better." For the first time since he had met her, she smiled. Stopping for breakfast every morning before work become routine. He always arrived by five forty-five, always sat in the same booth, and always had Katniss as his waitress. Every day, he ordered the same meal until Katniss finally stopped offering him the menu. Eventually, she didn't even stop at his booth to ask. She served him his usual minutes after he arrived. "If you're going to change it up, you'll have to warn me the day before," she had said one day. He never tried anything else though. He liked the routine. Sometimes he reviewed his lesson plans for the week. Other days he graded