A/N : A million thank yous to hutchhitched, ambpersand, and peetasblueyes for their last minute pre-read! You ladies are amazing. Peeta couldn't blame the alcohol, not with only one shot and a beer and a half in his system. Nonetheless, he allowed himself to be pulled across the quad, leaves crunching beneath his sneakers, the girl's brown hair ink black in the dark. When they reached her building, she swiped her ID card through the slot on the door. Peeta angled his neck in an attempt to read the name on the card, but it quickly disappeared back into her pocket. Then they were inside, a blast of heat their only welcome in the empty common room. Maybe he should slow this down. Sit on one of the couches and talk for a few minutes. Maybe actually exchange names . It wasn't that Peeta didn't want to have sex. He had just never done so outside of a committed relationship. He'd fooled around with a few girls on campus, but it typically led to a date the following weekend or, at the very least, a shared meal in the dining hall. But he could do this. While the girl hadn't explicitly stated that this would be a no-strings-attached hook-up, the fact that they had barely exchanged five words seemed to be a big indicator. Just a few minutes ago, he had been at a party with Darius and Finnick, leaning against a wall as they waited for their turn to play Beer Pong. The girl had sidled up to their group, looked over each of them before pointing at Peeta. "You," she said, poking him in the chest. Peeta blinked. "Excuse me?" She took a couple of steps backward and raised an eyebrow. "Are you coming or not?" One push from Finnick and a mumbled "Good luck" from Darius, and here he was. The girl looked over her shoulder at where he had fallen behind. She tilted her head toward the hallway as if to ask, Well? He fell into step behind her. The majority of the doors lining the hallways were decorated with dry erase boards, pictures, and names in colorful lettering. When they stopped outside her door, Peeta noted the four names on display: Johanna, Madge, Annie, and Katniss. Katniss , he thought. Like the plant . Pulling out her ID once more, she unlocked the door and led him into the common room of her shared suite. His eyes fell onto the black futon that faced a flat screen TV. He wondered if he should suggest they watch a movie. That would slow things down but not derail the night entirely. He just wasn't sure he wanted his first foray into casual sex to be, well, this casual . "Hey," he said. "Do you think we could-" She cut him off with a kiss. Her tongue slid against his bottom lip, and then his mouth was open, and he was full on making out with a girl he had meet fifteen minutes ago. She pulled away, a smirk tugging at her lips. Before he could say another word, she whipped off her shirt, revealing her bare chest. All the blood in his head rushed south. He decided Finnick was right, that he talked way too much when he could be putting his mouth to other, better uses. "Do you want to see my room?" the girl asked. She turned around without waiting for an answer, throwing her shirt in the direction of the futon. Once again, he followed. The door shut behind him. With her back to him, he had a moment to take in the rest of the room. One side was decidedly more bright and flowery. He was unsurprised when the girl sat down on the bed sporting the dark green comforter. "Don't you think you're overdressed?" she asked. He pulled off his red thermal and white undershirt in one swift motion. They landed somewhere behind him. The girl smiled, her first real smile so far, and he moved into her, standing between her legs. She wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him down to her level. She kissed him again, sucking on his bottom lip before nipping it with her teeth. He sucked in a breath as her fingertips glided across the skin just above his waistband. Finally, her hand landed on his belt buckle. "Let's see what we're working with," she said. A sudden pounding on the door stilled her hand. "Shit," she muttered. "Open up! I know you've got some guy in there!" Peeta quickly realized whoever was shouting was outside the door to the girl's shared dorm room, but was loud enough to be heard all the way in here. Hell, this guy was loud enough for the fourth floor to hear. The girl rolled her eyes and stood, pushing Peeta back a couple of steps. "I never get to have any fun," she pouted. "Who's that?" he asked. She let out an exaggerated sigh. "That," she said, "is my boyfriend." Peeta's eyes widened. His heart stuttered. "Your what?" The pounding on the door continued. Was it Peeta's imagination or was the entire room shaking? He was so going to get his ass kicked. He was strong, sure, and stocky, and he was a master of takedowns, but it sounded as if this guy only needed one punch to do him in. The girl grabbed Peeta's clothes and tugged him back through the door into the common room. "Hold on," she yelled. "I swear to God, if you have someone in there…" the voice answered. "There's no guy here!" "No guy?" Peeta whispered. He held out his hands and gestured wildly. "Where do you expect me to go?" The girl looked from the door to Peeta then back to the door. She huffed before throwing his clothes at his chest. He caught them and stared at her with wild eyes. "C'mon," she whispered, tugging his wrist for the third time that night. She opened up the door to the second bedroom and pushed him inside. "What the hell?" Peeta froze in the doorway, his mouth agape as he took in the girl who had just spoken: a short, thin brunette wearing a flimsy tank top and tiny shorts. He was ninety-nine percent sure this was Katniss. And he was one hundred percent sure he had helped her with her English paper at the tutoring center last month. "Get in there," the topless girl behind him hissed. With a surprisingly hard push, Peeta was in the bedroom, the door was closed, and Katniss was staring at him in disbelief. "Peeta?" she asked. "So Kat is short for Katniss?" he asked, thinking back to their first official meeting. "What are you doing here?" she demanded. "And why aren't you wearing a shirt?" Peeta looked down at the clothes in his hands. Right. He had never put those back on. He started to pull on his undershirt when Katniss put up a hand. "Wait, don't put it on yet." She rushed past him and put her ear to the door, which was pretty unnecessary considering how loud the guy was yelling. Whoever he was, he was now in the common room. "You came back here with, Jo?" she asked. "Yeah. At least I'm pretty sure that's her name." Katniss scowled at him. "Great. Get in my bed." "Your bed?" She glanced back at the door with sudden urgency. "Bed. Now." He dropped his shirt on the ground and lay down on the bed she had been standing next to when he burst in. Now, he wasn't entirely sure what was going to happen next. Perhaps she was going to trash his clothes and make him walk back to his dorm half-naked. Maybe she was going to call Campus Security, and he was going to get arrested. Or maybe she just wanted to enjoy the view. He worked out with Finnick five days a week, after all. Out of all the possibilities, he never considered she'd fly across the room and jump on top of him. She leaned over him, her dark hair a curtain separating him from the rest of the room. Her tank dipped down, giving him an eyeful of her breasts. He quickly looked back up, trying to think of anything besides the fact that she was nestled perfectly over his growing erection. He wished his dick would keep up with the situation. Now was not the time! Katniss leaned closer. His hands landed on her thighs, where he started rubbing small circles with his thumbs. "You came back here with me, got it?" she said. Before he could respond, the door burst open. Katniss sat up, although she didn't climb off him. She scowled at the man in the doorway. "Thom? What the hell?" "Are you…?" The booming voice belonged to a tall, muscular guy with dark hair. His anger was quickly evaporating into surprise. "Are you hooking up with someone?" "Get out!" she yelled. Johanna, who was now wearing her shirt, appeared behind Thom and yanked him toward her. "I told you I didn't have anyone here." "Katniss does?" Thom asked in disbelief. "Does Gale know?" The door shut. Katniss hopped off Peeta. "Oh my God," she muttered, sinking onto her roommate's bed. Peeta sat up, a blush heating his cheeks. He wanted to blame the adrenaline on his almost-pummeling, but he knew it had way more to do with the pretty brunette glaring at him. The same brunette he had been crushing on since the beginning of the semester. They shared a psychology class, although he doubted she had noticed him in a class of over one hundred. He had been trying to work up the courage to talk to her or even sit near her, but she was so intimidating. She didn't smile or interact with the other students, and she constantly argued with their professor. And then there was that guy who often met her after class. When she had shown up in the tutoring center, Peeta couldn't believe his luck. Okay, so she had been forced to come for help by her slender, blonde, and way more approachable friend, but he hadn't cared. The blonde had introduced her as "Kat" and told Peeta she was struggling to write a ten-page paper for American Lit. "I am not struggling," Kat insisted. "She's driving us crazy," the blonde continued as if her friend hasn't spoken. "She's been pacing the room and muttering about bullshit misogynists. We're afraid she's going to snap and kill one of us." Kat rolled her eyes. In the end though, she stayed for an hour and a half and listened to everything Peeta said. She took notes, handled his constructive criticism well, and awarded him with a "thank you" and a bright smile when they were done. Peeta had hoped that this interaction would lead to something more substantial, but the same guy met her outside of the tutoring center. The next day, Peeta hadn't bothered trying to sit beside her in class. She was obviously taken. "You can put your shirt on now." Peeta startled as Katniss's voice yanked him back to the present. Her arms were folded across her chest, and she was studying the door as if it were the most interesting thing in the whole room. She was blushing too. Peeta pulled on his undershirt and thermal as he stuttered out an apology. "I'll leave now. I didn't mean to, uh…" He waved his hand, unsure of how to accurately describe what had just happened. "Sorry, again," he finished lamely. Katniss jumped to her feet and stood in front of him to block his exit. "Not yet. They're still out there." "Johanna and her boyfriend?" Katniss nodded. "First they'll argue. Then they'll make up. Loudly. Hopefully in her room." "Oh. So I'll just...stay in here?" She sat back down. "For a few minutes, at least." A beat of uncomfortable