A/N: Thank you to loving-mellark for the amazing, incredible, gorgeous banner! Also, thanks to loving-mellark, brionybree, and darknessinastateofmind for prereading. And to iamseemaree for being so encouraging :) Peeta was met with a blast of cold air as he entered the bank. The walk from Starbucks had taken him less than two minutes, but his undershirt was already plastered to his back with sweat. Delly, shivering behind the counter and lamenting the cardigan she had forgotten on a kitchen chair at home, lit up at the sight of him. "Did you get it?" she asked. "Yes, I got your hot chocolate," Peeta said. "And some really strange looks from all the Starbucks employees." "Doesn't everyone drink hot chocolate in the middle of July?" Madge asked from the other end of the counter. She had remembered her sweater and nylons and was quite comfortable in what Delly had described as the bank's "arctic conditions." "Thank you, thank you!" Delly looked ready to throw her ice cold arms around him. He handed her the cup, and she took a generous sip. "I can already feel myself beginning to thaw." "Excuse me." Haymitch stuck his head out his office door. "Don't you people have a job to do?" Madge, Delly, and Peeta examined the empty bank. It was almost two PM on a Friday afternoon in the middle of a record-breaking heat wave. The rush of customers stopping by on their lunch break had ended, although most had lined up at the drive thru, unable to face the heat of the fifteen second walk from their car to the front door. "Lunch break's over, Peeta. Look alive." Haymitch disappeared back inside his office and shut the door. Peeta rolled his eyes. He was head teller at Capitol Savings, not to mention the son of the bank's CEO, although he actually didn't like to mention that. The previous manager, Mr. Crane, had been an unrelenting sycophant, constantly complimenting Peeta's work, offering him the best shifts, and inviting him out for drinks. It drove Peeta crazy. Luckily, Delly and Madge had recognized Peeta's unwillingness in being the boss's favorite. Unfortunately, Darius, another teller, had requested a transfer after Peeta was promoted to head teller four months after starting work at the bank. Peeta's lack of experience was one thing, but the fact that he had never actually applied was something else entirely. When Mr. Abernathy took over after Mr. Crane's promotion—it still pissed Peeta off that all that sucking up had somehow worked—Peeta worried that Mr. Abernathy would be the same. Well. Peeta soon found out he had nothing to worry about when Mr. Abernathy had called him into his office on his very first day and had explained in rather colorful words what he thought of his predecessor's "management style." (Peeta had to hold back a chuckle at the exaggerated air quotes.) "Less than six months on the job and a promotion falls into your lap. How convenient. I can't imagine why Seneca thought you were the most deserving applicant." Haymitch had gone on to explain that he had gotten to where he was based on hard work and initiative not his last name or checkbook, and he had no attention of kissing anyone's ass least of all a boy half his age. Part of Peeta had wanted to defend himself against the insulting tirade, but another part of him felt he deserved it. His last name had gotten him several advantages in life, least of all that damn promotion he would never stop hearing about. Shortly after Haymitch had dismissed Peeta from his office, Peeta had received the schedule for the following week and found that he was opening. Every. Single. Day. (Two open to close shifts were nestled in the middle as well just in case the six AM arrivals weren't enough.) Peeta had known this was a test to see if he would go "crying to Mommy," as Haymitch had not so delicately put it, but Haymitch had just as much to learn about Peeta. After that first week of hellish hours, Haymitch had returned Peeta to a much more normal schedule, splitting the opening duties equally amongst his employees. Both had gotten along fairly well ever since. "I've got something else for you too," Peeta said to Delly, holding up a plastic bag emblazoned with the Old Navy logo. Brow furrowed, she set her cup down and peeked inside the bag. "Is that…?" She pulled out a black cardigan, the tags still attached. "I wasn't sure what size you are, so I got a couple. I'll return whichever one doesn't fit." Her eyes widened. "Peeta, thank you!" This time, she hugged him. "You're the sweetest. I'm going to go try them on." Her gaze lingered on his a beat too long before she disappeared into the back. "Was that wise?" Madge asked quietly. "What do you mean? She's freezing," Peeta said. "So you bought her a sweater?" "A ten dollar sweater from Old Navy. It's just a few stores down from Starbucks." Madge gave him a pointed look. "You're just encouraging her." "Encouraging her not to freeze to death?" "You cannot be this oblivious," Madge said. "Peeta, Delly likes you. A lot. And you buying her hot chocolate and a sweater is sending her mixed signals." "I'm just trying to be nice." When Delly had trudged in just before his lunch break, bare-armed and grumpy, he knew he had to do something to salvage the rest of her shift. He hadn't worn a blazer that day, so he had nothing for her to borrow, but he could get her something to keep warm. A hot chocolate wouldn't cut it for the rest of the afternoon. "Well, don't. We both know you've only got eyes for one girl, even though you refuse to do anything about it." Peeta returned to his computer, ignoring the blush that heated his cheeks. "There's no girl." "Whatever you say," Madge sang. "By the way, your 'no girl' is headed inside right now." A second later the bell over the door jingled as Katniss Everdeen entered the bank. She had been a regular customer for over a year. While she sometimes dropped by during the week, she always showed up on Friday between two and three PM to deposit her paycheck. She may or may not have been the reason why Peeta always took his lunch no later than one-fifteen. It was pretty ridiculous, but their three-minute interaction was the highlight of his Friday. Possibly even his whole week. She had the most beautiful smile, one she didn't give up very easily. It had taken him a couple of months before he had tried to make conversation beyond the usual hi/how are you/have a nice day. He had started with complimenting the green top she wore, and she had revealed it was her favorite color. The next week Peeta had asked if she had plans that weekend and learned that she loved archery. Now every time Katniss came in, he asked her one personal question. She had come to anticipate them. They ranged from the mundane (favorite movie, favorite book, favorite TV show) to the strange (if she could only eat one meal for the rest of her life, what would it be?). She always gave him a brief, direct answer followed by the question: "What about you?" Last week, he had asked her two questions. The first had been easy and uninspired: favorite local restaurant. The second had taken all of his courage (and then some): he had asked her on a date to said favorite restaurant. She had stuttered out an apology, told him she couldn't, and had hurried away without her receipt. Leaving him feeling like a royal idiot. He had misread her friendliness for flirtation, and now he had creeped her out. He had feared she would switch banks, or at the very least start coming when he wasn't there. This was why he had been hesitant to ask her in the first place. He knew he'd screw things up. Maybe if he apologized? Or he could not bring it up at all. Maybe if he acted completely normal, as if last week hadn't occurred, things could go back to the way they were. Peeta smiled at Katniss as she approached the counter in the middle of the bank lobby, but she averted her eyes to the check she carried. She stopped to fill out a deposit slip before approaching Madge. Peeta stared. Katniss had always, always come to him. When he was with another customer, she'd linger at the middle counter, rechecking her slips or rooting around in her purse, rather than see another teller. He had really fucked things up. Madge cast a cursory glance his way before beginning to type on the computer. "I'm so sorry," she said to Katniss. "I'm in the middle of something, but Peeta's open." "Oh. Thanks." Katniss walked over to his open carrel. "Hi, Peeta." He wished for a customer at the drive thru, a phone call, spontaneous combustion. He wished for the ground to open up and swallow him whole. He should have told Madge he had finally asked Katniss out. Madge had been on his case about it for a while, and he had planned to tell her after Katniss had accepted. When she had said no, he hadn't exactly felt like sharing the news. "Afternoon, Katniss." He had called her Miss Everdeen until she had insisted he use her first name. He wondered if he should revert back to that formality. "Just depositing the one check?" he asked even though he knew the answer. "Yeah." He typed in her account number and ran the check through the machine. "Did you have a good week?" he asked. God, this was painful. "It was okay." He nodded. Part of him wanted to stall, ask her a silly question, or if she had plans for the weekend, but why prolong the agony? Maybe if he gave it a couple of weeks, things between them would return to normal. "Would you like your balance?" he asked. Before she could respond, the door to the bank burst open. Two men wearing black ski masks stormed inside. Panic tore through Peeta. The lobby was large, but the space shrunk until there was no room for anything but these two men, charging forward, their guns pointed at anyone in their way. "Out from behind the counter!" one of the men yelled. He was tall and broad-shouldered, strong-looking and loud. "And don't get any ideas about hitting the alarm." He jabbed his gun in Katniss's direction. She put her hands up and sank to the ground. Before Peeta or Madge could take so much as a step, the same man who had spoken vaulted over the counter and shoved his gun in Peeta's face. Peeta had only seen a handful of guns in real life, and they had always been behind glass cases, dark, cold, and untouchable. They were pretend things, movie props, just as bank robberies were things that only happened in other places to other people. Now he felt pain in his skull directly where the gun pointed. When the gun moved, so did the pressure point. Blindly, he reached out behind him until Madge grabbed his hand. He kept her pushed to his other side as they gave the man as wide a berth as possible. The second man, slightly shorter and thinner, but no less intimidating, yanked Haymitch out of his office and demanded the vault combination. Haymitch didn't even appear flustered. He glared at the robber and spit out, "Fuck you." The man struck Haymitch with the barrel of the gun. Blood seeped out of the cut, but Haymitch stood his ground. It wasn't until Peeta and Madge came around the counter, and the gun was pointed at them that Haymitch put his hands up in surrender. "I only know half," Haymitch said, which