A/N: Rated M for sexual situations (both consensual and nonconsensual), violence, and torture. Title comes from an Explosions in the Sky song. Thank you so, so much to my lovely, wonderful pre-readers/betas: peetaspenis, thegirlfromoverthepond, and w000ly. And a huge thank you to the-tesseract-wrinkling-time for the gorgeous drawing you did to go along with my story. You ladies are amazing! "One more time? For the cameras?" he says as the train pulls into the station. I take his hand, I wave, I see Prim and Gale and my mother among the crowd, beaming with happiness. None of it feels real. Part of me suspects I am not here at all. I am still in the cave, waiting out the rain, dreaming of this Pyrrhic victory. The crowd finally disperses, and the cameras switch off. It's time for Peeta and I to disembark and return to our lives, whatever they are now. I guess those big empty houses wait for us. He turns without uttering a goodbye, but I hold tight to his hand. "No," I say. He faces me, his brow knit in confusion. I thought I used up all my courage in the arena, but there is still a little left. "This isn't fair," I say. "I don't want it to be like this." "None of this is fair, Katniss. What you did…" He takes a breath. "I know you did whatever you had to do to keep us alive, but I thought—" "I didn't know," I begin. "What was real and what wasn't with you. You were confusing from the start." He looks away. His hand, still tightly clasped in mine, is the only thing that feels real right now. I worry if he lets go, I'll no longer have an anchor holding me here. I'll wake back up in the arena, and I'll never, ever escape. "I don't want to leave it like this," I say. "Like what?" I shrug because I'm not sure how to put the desperation and fear I feel into words. How do I tell him I miss him already, even though he has yet to leave my side? "I don't want to say goodbye." He meets my gaze, and I lose myself in the clear blue of his eyes, the ones that witnessed the same horrors I did. Does he have nightmares like I do? When he closes his eyes, does he see the dead laid out before him? "Then we won't," he says. We step off the train, hand in hand. The next day, I sit in his new kitchen, in one of the chairs that has been waiting, unoccupied, for years. I wonder who came beforehand to clean the houses. There are no cobwebs, no obvious signs of age or disuse. The scent of pine lingers in the house, but it's the ugly, heavy smell of artificial cleaner. There is no comfort in it. I try to explain my confusion about what was real and what wasn't as Peeta sits across from me. I fumble my words as I always do, but a ghost of a smile appears on his face. Everything may not be okay, but for a moment, sitting here with Peeta, it feels possible. "Most of the time I was sure it was an act. How could it not be? We had never said a word to each other before the Games." I think back to the cave, his face so close to mine as we burrowed into the sleeping bag. I remember the way he kissed me, how I wanted more. Is that love? To feel comfort and warmth and safety? To disappear into another person even if it is only for a moment? My mother disappeared for much longer than that. "Did you want it to be an act?" he asks. "That's not a fair question. I barely knew you. I still don't." His confession on stage at the interviews dazzled the audience, while it filled me with rage. My instinct told me he was using me, making me look weak. In the end, it was the confession that saved us. "I didn't want you to be a liar. But I wanted us to live. Both of us," I say. I try to sift through all the thoughts in my head, all the things I want to say. At every turn, I confront a contradicting thought. My head hurts, and I don't want to talk about this anymore. But I will if it means I get to keep him. "How do you really feel?" he asks. "I told you, in the cave I did what I thought Haymitch wanted." "No, I mean now. How do you feel now?" His palms are flat against the table. I stare at them, my gaze trailing up his arms, and I remember how safe they made me feel. I wonder if they still would. "How much did you mean?" I ask. I think of his words, how easy and heartfelt they sounded. "Everything." He is raw, open, exposed. It's different now. Before he thought I cared, that I was falling too. Now he knows I was just playing a part. But still he holds nothing back. "I…I'm afraid," I confess. "Of what?" "Losing you." It's the simplest, easiest truth. I cannot describe in what way or why, only that I feel it, huge and overwhelming. It's almost as big as the fear I feel toward the Capitol. Almost as if they are one in the same. He reaches for me, and I do not hesitate. I grab his hand. "I don't want to lose you either," he says. "But I don't want to pretend anymore. I can't." "Then we won't. Not here. Not when it's just us," I say. "And when it's time for the Victory Tour? For the next Games?" "The star-crossed lovers are parts we play. We can talk beforehand, write the scenes ourselves." I squeeze his hand. "No more surprises. No more questioning the other's motive." He nods. I still haven't explained how I feel, but he doesn't press me. We sit in a huge house full of rooms that will never be used, but it's no different from the cave. It's still me and him, us against them. We have to protect each other. Peeta eats dinner at my house nearly every night. He always brings dessert: red velvet cupcakes, raspberry cheesecake, peanut butter and chocolate chip cookies. We play cards with Prim or read beside each other on the couch. He stays as late as my mother allows. Then, he hugs me goodbye and disappears into the dark. He's alone in that big house. It's the same size as mine, the same layout, except I have my family with me. I have their laughter and their warmth and their conversation. I have their love. Even my mother watches me carefully as if worried what will befall me if she lets me out of her sight again. Every night, after the house quiets, I stare at the ceiling, my eyes heavy with exhaustion, but I fight it until I can't anymore. The nightmares are vivid. Every night I return to the arena, but it's bigger, darker than I remember. I wake up screaming, tears spilling down my cheeks, my nightgown soaked with sweat. My mother and Prim do everything they can think of to comfort me. Finally, I beg them to move their bedrooms to the opposite side of the house. I take the one farthest away. I lock my door, and I burrow myself under the covers despite the heat. I cannot allow them to comfort me. They always accompany me into the arena when I fall back asleep. Prim takes Rue's place, and I cannot save her. I can't save any of them. One night, nearly a month after arriving home, I allow my mother to give me sleeping pills. She promises relief, tells me they will knock me into a dreamless sleep. Finally, I will know peace. A couple of hours later I claw my way out of a nightmare. I wake tangled in my sheets, breathing heavy. I killed Rue. The dream was so vivid that it bleeds into memory, and I cannot remember what is real and what is not. In the dead of night, I leave my house and rush over to Peeta's. I knock on his door, and he answers seconds later. A white apron is tied around his waist, and his arms are coated in flour. I throw myself at him. "Did I kill her? Was it my arrow?" He rubs my back, tries to follow my desperation. "Who? What do you mean?" "Rue," I say. "Did I kill her?" Would I do that to survive? If it was the only way home to Prim, would I make an ally and cut her throat as she slept? There is so much blood on my hands. I'm a killer, a liar. Peeta pulls back and pushes a sweaty lock of hair behind my ear. "Marvel killed Rue," he said. I squeeze my eyes shut, but I cannot conjure up the image, at least not the real one. I remember sitting with Peeta, practically in his lap, as we watched the recap on screen. Marvel threw the spear. I shot my arrow into Marvel. An eye for an eye, I guess. "You covered her in flowers," Peeta says. "Do you remember?" I nod. This I can picture. There is no projection of it to muddle my memory as the Capitol did not screen it for the country. I sang to her, wove flowers into her hair. I remember. "Come inside," he says and shuts the door. "Sorry about that." He points at my nightgown. I'm covered in flour, white as a ghost. "You're awake." It's an obvious thing to say, but he recognizes the unasked question. "I have trouble sleeping at night," he says. "Me too." I follow him into kitchen and sit in front of the counter. He dusts his hands with flour and resumes kneading the dough. All the windows are open, the cool breeze alleviating some of the heat rolling off the oven. The scent of fresh bread fills the room, and my stomach rumbles. He tilts his head toward a basket where a loaf of bread is cooling. "Have some," he says. "Be careful. It's hot." I ignore his warning and rip off a hunk. I pass it from hand to hand, my fingertips burning. I take a bite and chew despite the heat. It feels good, almost. The pain reminds me I'm not dreaming. I watch him work in silence as I finish my piece of bread. He sticks the dough onto the second shelf of the refrigerator before removing another bowl of dough. He preps it for baking and sticks it in the oven. Then, he washes his hands before sitting down beside me. "Have you unpacked yet?" I blurt out. I'm not sure why. It was the first thing to pop into my mind. Last week, he admitted that despite packing up all his belongings from his childhood home, he never put them away. They sit in boxes and a couple of duffel bags upstairs in his bedroom. "Not yet," he admits sheepishly. "Let's do it now." "Now? At two in the morning?" "It's okay to bake at two in the morning but not unpack?" He smiles, and warmth floods my chest, like I've swallowed a mouthful of the hot oven air. It's sort of like the piece of bread I forced down; a sweet, pleasant kind of burning. "You're right," he says. "Let's do it now." I follow him upstairs, suddenly aware that I am headed for his bedroom. I will help him sort his personal belongings. Have I crossed some sort of line? He doesn't seem to mind if I have. He hands me a duffel bag, and I unzip it to find a wrinkled mess of clothing inside. I dump