A/N: This is meant to be only one chapter. I hope you enjoy! The crowd is silent as Peeta's words sink in. Shock transforms to horror, and then half the audience is on their feet. "A baby?" someone cries. "We cannot allow this!" "This is outrageous!" A moment ago there were individuals in the audience: men and women separate and distinct from one another. Now they move and cry together, a single dark creature with a single purpose. They are a reminder of how easily a crowd can turn. As the Capitol's anthem plays, the victors join hands in a show of unity. The lights cut out, but the crowd's cries grow louder. Production assistants escort the victors offstage in the dark and usher them back to their living quarters. Peeta doesn't see Katniss again until they both have been stripped of the Capitol's make-up and clothing. They reunite in her room to wait for the news. "They won't cancel. They can't." "Maybe they will," he says. "Or maybe they won't make you go in." "Peeta…" He takes her hand, and she doesn't pull away. Lately, she's been more receptive to his touch. Holding her at night is easy, when it's dark and private and necessary, but he finds her gravitating toward him during the day, brushing her arm against his as they walk. He doubts she realizes she's doing it, but he welcomes it all the same. "It could work," he says. "You saw how the crowd reacted." "I won't let you go in there without me. You can't. You can't." She wraps her arms around him. She smells like the Capitol, of excess and overly sweet flowers, but he knows she's there underneath, grass and trees and fire. "I know you made some sort of deal with Haymitch, but he made me promises too," he says into her hair. Katniss pulls away just enough to see his face. "I can't lose you," he says. "Without you, I'd have nothing. No one. If you stay here, maybe I can win. Maybe I can come back." "I don't want you to save me," she whispers before pressing her lips to his. He's kissed her dozens of times before, always in front of a crowd or camera. But this, this is private. This is just for them. It is the first kiss since the one they shared in the cave that he believes in. The desire he feels, the happiness and lightness that floods through him, is reflected back in every touch of her skin against his. And it's terrifying. He gasps when her hand slides beneath his shirt. Her palm burns a trail across his abdomen, and his heart fails him, stops mid-beat. She lays her head against his chest. He wants to ask her what she's thinking, but he worries what will happen if she examines her actions. He lets the moment unfold instead, quiet except for the sound of their breathing. "I won't let you go without me," she mumbles against his shirt. The door opens, and Haymitch and Effie enter the room. Peeta expects Katniss to jump away and pretend that an intimate moment wasn't just interrupted. Instead, she turns toward their mentor and escort, her arm still locked around his waist. "The games are still on but…" Haymitch pauses. Hope blossoms in Peeta's chest. "But Katniss isn't going in." Peeta is so relieved, he feels sick. It's overwhelming, the weight that lifts from his shoulders, the way he can suddenly float to the ceiling. She looks aghast, but before she can object to this new development, Haymitch speaks again. "Snow decided that the only way to be fair to the other victors and to remain true to the spirit of the Quarter Quell is to reap a relative." His words are a grenade launched into the center of the room. Katniss and Peeta are too dazed to dodge it. "No," Katniss whispers. She takes a step away from Peeta. "I won't let him." "I'm sorry," Haymitch says. "Snow's making the announcement now." "We'll tell him Peeta lied. We'll tell him I lost the baby! Tell him I'll go anyway. Haymitch, please, please don't let him do this!" Peeta remembers the day he was reaped when Katniss's voice traveled over the crowd even as the peacekeepers blocked her path. It was one thing to save her sister when she had only been a passive witness to the carnage of the games. After living through it, carrying the scars it left behind, letting her sister go is impossible. Unbearable. Unfathomable. Katniss sinks to her knees. Her entire body trembles. Peeta feels a similar earthquake inside him, faults and fractures forming as his body crumbles. He wants to touch her, comfort her. But this is his fault. "Please," Katniss says to no one. "Not Prim." Peeta thought he could save her, but with just a few words, he sacrificed the one thing Katniss would not, could not, ever give up. Prim arrives shortly before dawn, pale and dazed from being wrenched from her home and loaded onto a hovercraft like a piece of cargo. Katniss gathers Prim into her arms, and whispers everything she knows about hunting and fighting and the arena. It doesn't matter. There is no preparing for the Games. Peeta watches the scene unfold from the doorway of his bedroom. Katniss has not spoken or looked at him since Haymitch's announcement. He can still feel her hand tracing his skin, but the memory is tainted now. Recalling it makes him nauseous. He wants to apologize, but there are no words in existence that can adequately express how deeply sorry he is. He could slit his wrists and bleed out at her feet, and still it would not be enough. When Snow made the official announcement, he spoke of honor and sacrifice and commended Primrose Everdeen on her bravery. As much as the Capitol adored Prim, they loved a good story more, and the drama of Katniss's little sister, the sister Katniss volunteered to save, stepping in to save Katniss's unborn child is too bittersweet to pass up. People from the districts aren't real to the Capitol anyway. They're all just stories. A beginning, a middle, and a tragic end. Cinna disappears into Katniss's room with Prim's outfit for the arena shortly after sunrise. When the trio emerges, there are no tears. There isn't anything: just blank faces, empty eyes, stooped shoulders. Katniss was never one to give her smiles away easily, but looking at her now, Peeta cannot remember how her smile once looked. It is possible she has never smiled or laughed in her seventeen years. Her stony face could never form the shape. Katniss holds Prim close until there is no time left, and Cinna leads Prim away. Peeta has a few more minutes, but Katniss is frozen, staring at the closed door. He cannot stand to have his last moment with her not be a moment at all. He has to say something, an apology, a promise to protect Prim at all costs. He wants to touch her hair, feel the smooth stone of her cheek, but he knows he doesn't deserve it. Portia takes his hand gently in hers. They turn to leave but then Katniss has her arms around him, her face buried in his neck, stone turned soft once more. "It's not your fault," she whispers. "It's not your fault." She says it over and over, her breath warm in his ear, and he can remember how her laughter sounds. It is faint in his head, a memory from a hundred years ago. She kisses him fiercely, an echo of their kiss the night before. It is perfect and awful, but it is something he can keep. He tangles his hand in her hair, and kisses her back, trying to convey how sorry he is for what he's done, but there is no more time. There was never going to be enough time. "She's my sister," Katniss says after she pulls away. She doesn't ask outright for Peeta to die, but he knows what her words mean. What the kiss means. She's saying goodbye. The countdown is white noise as Peeta stares down at the water. He can't swim, and he's not sure if Prim knows how. He doubts it. He looks around, but he doesn't see her. She must be on the other side of the Cornucopia. He told her to run, make herself scarce until he could find her. He hopes the other victors will ignore her, as she's not exactly a threat. The arena erupts into chaos as the victors dive into the water and swim toward the cache of weapons. A couple of minutes later, Finnick plucks Peeta from the water and reveals Mags and Prim behind him, both safe and unharmed. "Why are they helping us?" Prim asks as she and Peeta follow the District 4 victors into the jungle. The sun glints off the gold bangle on Finnick's wrist. The same bangle Effie gave Haymitch last night before handing Peeta a gold locket with a picture of Katniss inside. "I guess we're allies," Peeta says. Prim might not be strong, but she is quick and quiet. She must get it from Katniss. She's an excellent lookout and insists on slinking up ahead to make sure the Careers don't lie in wait. Peeta hates this tactic, but Prim wants to be useful as desperately as Peeta wants her to be safe. Every time she disappears from view, even if it's only for a minute, he finds it hard to breathe. Her scouting is useful though. She discovers the force field that spans the perimeter of the arena and stops them from walking right into it. Prim escapes the fog, survives the monkeys, and figures out the arena is a clock thanks to Wiress's rambling. Eventually thought the alliance will have to break. Peeta knows this. Somehow, he will have to take on Finnick and Johanna and Wiress and Beetee to save her. He only hopes that when the time comes, when he tells her to run, she will. He hopes she runs fast and far and doesn't look back. Katniss is screaming for him. Her voice tears through the trees and explodes onto the beach. "Peeta! Help me! Peeta, please!" He runs into the jungle, sword in hand. She's here. The Capitol dropped her in, those bastards dropped her into the arena even after they took her sister, and she's in pain, she's hurt, she's screaming— Finnick catches up with him quickly. Before he can speak, Annie's voice joins Katniss's, and the jabberjays attack. Peeta and Finnick realize their loved ones are not there at the same time. They run back toward the beach, under assault from the jabberjays and the paralyzing thought that the Capitol has Annie and Katniss right now, torturing them to capture these twin cries of anguish. Finnick hits the force field first. He panics and punches the invisible barrier over and over. Johanna and Prim crouch on the other side yelling what Peeta can only assume are words of comfort, but he cannot hear them over the sound of Katniss's and Annie's screams. He sinks to his knees, buries his head in his hands, and waits an eternity for the pain to stop. It is after the jabberjays disappear, after Prim hugs him and tells him everything is all right that Beetee reveals his plan. And without having a better option, Peeta and Prim agree to help. Peeta startles awake in a hard bed in an unfamiliar room, and thinks, Prim . He rips the IV from his arm, certain it is poison, and pushes himself out of bed. In his half-drugged state, he fails to notice his prosthetic leg is missing and crashes to the ground. He realizes it has already started: the torture and humiliation tailored to one Peeta Mellark. He doubts he'll ever see his prosthetic again.