A/N: I originally posted this on my tumblr last December, so if the story sounds familiar to you, you might have already read it. Happy Holidays! "That'll be $85.07," chirped the sales clerk. Peeta swiped his credit card, still in disbelief that he had finally, finally , gotten his hands on the hottest toy of the Christmas season. After two weeks, fifteen stores, countless phone calls, and hours spent online, the Princess Gwendolyn doll was finally his. And tomorrow it would be his niece's. "No!" a desperate voice sounded behind him. He turned to find a pretty brunette rushing toward him, her eyes fixed on the glittery purple box currently being bagged by the sales clerk. "Please tell me there's another one in the back with my name on it." "I'm sorry, ma'am. We haven't had one in almost three weeks. This one was recently returned," the clerk said. "I know," the brunette replied. "Cressida called me. She said she'd put it aside for me." The clerk's face fell. "I'm sorry. I put it aside for Mr. Mellark. I didn't know Cressida was holding it for someone else." Guilt twisted in Peeta's stomach as he looked from the brunette to the clerk, but he ignored it. He had earned this doll. After visiting the store ten times in the past fourteen days, the clerk, Annie, had finally promised to call him if they received a surprise shipment. "So that's it? There isn't another one?" the brunette asked miserably. "I'm sorry, ma'am. It was a stroke of luck this one was returned in the first place." The clerk handed the shopping bag to Peeta. "Merry Christmas, Mr. Mellark." "Merry Christmas, Annie. And thank you." Peeta took a step back. "I'm really sorry," he told the brunette, who was still staring, crestfallen, at the empty spot on the counter where the doll had been. She glanced up at him, a scowl on her face. "I can't believe this," she snapped. "That was supposed to be mine." Peeta was taken aback by the animosity in her voice. There was no reason to be rude to him. It wasn't his fault the employees had a communication problem. "Guess you should have went shopping earlier," he said before walking by her. "Wait!" He turned around, surprised to see her scowl replaced by desperation. He studied her for a moment, noting her downcast gray eyes, her dark hair twisted into a messy side braid. Several strands had come loose and hung in her face. She really was gorgeous, even in her frustrated state. "What?" "I really need that doll," she said. "Please. Let me buy it off you? I can give you, um…" She pulled out her wallet and dug through the few bills inside. "An extra twenty dollars? It's for my sister. She's had such a hard year, and…" She trailed off, her cheeks suddenly flushed red. "What happened?" She shook her head. "You know what? Never mind. It's none of your business. I'll just…get her something else." Before he could say another word, she disappeared into the flood of people outside of the store. "Wait!" He pushed past a family of four walking entirely too slow only to stub his toe on a stroller. Finally, he stumbled into place beside her. "Wait," he repeated, leading her out of the flow of traffic to the railing overlooking the first floor of the mall. "I bought this for my niece to piss off my brother. We've been fighting. When his wife told me he couldn't get the doll, I started hunting for it to show him up. Be uncle of the year." She pressed her lips together and looked away. "That's my noble reason," he said. "Your turn." She fiddled with the green scarf around her neck, wrapping the fabric around her fingers. "My father passed away last year about a week before Christmas. We didn't celebrate last year, so this is like our first Christmas without him. And all my sister wants is this stupid doll." "It is quite stupid, isn't it?" he said. The doll was based on the main character of some children' show that had premiered earlier in the year. He knew nothing about it except that every little girl between the ages of four and eight watched it. "I'm sorry. About your dad." "Thanks," she said, not quite meeting his eyes. "I just wanted to make this Christmas a happy one. I was all set to buy the doll the weekend after Thanksgiving, but then the transmission on my car went. I had to max out my credit card and – I really don't need to be telling you this." "It's okay." "No. You're a complete stranger. You don't need to hear how shitty my holiday season has been." "Well, at least finish the story. You maxed out your credit card and…didn't have enough to buy it until after it was sold out everywhere?" She nodded. "Here," he said, offering the shopping bag. "For your sister." "I – I really can't. I mean, you got there first. It's only fair." "Come on. You heard my reason for needing it. I kind of feel like an asshole." "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you feel bad." "Well, there you go. Only way to make me feel better is if you accept the doll." Tentatively, she took the bag from him. She even glanced inside to confirm the purple box was really in there. A smile lit up her face, and something warm and light ran through him. And he had thought purchasing the doll had made him feel good. "Maybe I could ask for something in return?" "Of course!" She pulled out her wallet. She counted out five twenties, but he immediately shoved one back into her hand. "I'm only charging market value. And that's not what I meant." Her brow crinkled. "What exactly did you have in mind?" "Get a coffee with me?" She opened and closed her mouth before saying, "I don't drink coffee." "Tea? Soda? Hot chocolate?" She glanced down at her feet, pushing a few pieces of hair behind her ear. "I like hot chocolate." "Come on," he said. "There's a Starbucks downstairs." The line was long, snaking out the entrance and around the corner. After a few minutes of waiting in silence, Peeta regretted asking her, certain she had somewhere she needed to be. But there was no sign of impatience on her end, no fidgeting or repeated checks of her phone. "I'm Peeta, by the way," he said, holding out his hand. "Katniss." They shook, and he felt that thing again, the warm, light feeling. It was a little bit like the anticipation he used to experience on Christmas morning as a kid. When it was finally their turn, she insisted on paying for their hot chocolates. There wasn't a free seat, so they headed back upstairs to the food court, and found an empty table in the furthermost corner by the McDonald's. "What's your sister's name?" he asked. "Primrose." She pulled off the top of her cup and blew into her drink. "That's a beautiful name." "Thank you. I, uh, named her actually." "Yeah?" he asked as she took a tentative sip. "Me, my mom, and my dad each suggested two names for the baby, and we all voted on our favorite one. My suggestion won." "I'm the youngest of three. Rye is five years older and we...don't always get along." "Right. Your fight. Has it been going on long?" "Off and on for, oh, three years?" Her eyes widened. "Wow." "My father died when I was nineteen. He left his business to me and my brothers. Rye wants to sell it, but I want to keep it going. And Tyler, ever the mediator, won't vote. He's just waiting to see what we decide, and he'll go along with whatever." "That sounds really hard." "It sucks. He keeps telling me I can buy him out, but of course I can't afford that. So we just... fight. Every chance we have. Which is often considering we currently run the bakery together." He took a long sip of his hot chocolate. She seemed to sense he was done talking about it because she asked, "So what are you going to get your niece now?" "A gift card?" He shrugged. "I'm not really sure what seven-year-olds like." "Is she artistic? Athletic? Does she like to read?" "She's quiet. Plays with dolls. Reading frustrates her, so I don't think books are a good choice." She fiddled with the top of her drink, spinning it in lazy circles on the tabletop. "I could help you. Pick something out, I mean. As a thank you." "Yeah? Are you sure you want to brave another store on Christmas Eve?" "I can't go home without making sure your niece is getting something amazing from you." "Okay. Let's do it." She tapped the shopping bag she had sitting beside them on the table. She hadn't taken her eyes off it for more than a few seconds. "Let me just stash this in my car first. I keep thinking someone is going to spot it and rip it out of my hands." "Maybe bury it in your trunk, so people don't see it." She smiled and leaned forward. "You know, I was thinking the same thing." As he waited for her down by the east entrance to the mall, a part of him wondered if she really would come back. She had no reason to. She had gotten what she came for, and it was Christmas Eve. Surely, she had other, more important things to do: cookies to make, food to eat, Hallmark movies to watch. But a couple of minutes after she disappeared, she re-entered the mall with a small wave. As soon as he saw her, he couldn't understand why he had doubted her. They headed toward the escalator in the center of the mall. They were only a few feet away when they heard the announcement. "Ladies and Gentlemen, we have a very special surprise for all of you. It's time for the Christmas Games! We are looking for married couples to compete to win the ultimate prize this holiday season: a Princess Gwendolyn doll." Katniss and Peeta turned around in time to see a green-haired man wearing a bright green suit covered in red Christmas trees waving around a purple, glittery box. People everywhere took notice. Several couples started toward the announcer. Katniss and Peeta had a split second to make their decision. "Marry me?" Katniss asked. "Are you sure?" She grabbed his hand. "Let's go get you that doll." Thanks to their close proximity, Katniss and Peeta made the cut and joined four other pairs in the center of the mall. A huge crowd of shoppers surrounded the group of competitors as the announcer - Caesar Flickerman, as he had introduced himself - chatted with each couple. "And how old is your daughter?" Caesar asked Peeta after learning their names. "Seven," Peeta blurted out, thinking of his niece rather than the fact that he was only twenty-two. Katniss didn't seem much older. Caesar frowned. Well, sort of. He made the effort to do so, but the Botox he obviously used didn't allow much of an expression change. Peeta could hear the doubt in his voice. "You two have a seven-year-old?" "We're high school sweethearts," Peeta explained. "What can I say? I knocked her up young." He smacked her ass for added effect. Katniss offered the crowd a tight smile before leaning into his ear. "Do that again, and I can promise you'll never have children," she whispered before planting a kiss on his cheek. "Alright, we've met our contestants. Now let's get this party started! The lowest scoring couple each round will be eliminated until there's just one pair left standing." Caesar clapped his hands. A woman dressed as an elf passed out a strip of bells to each