Katniss glared at the parking attendant's outstretched hand. She couldn't believe she had to pay $10. To park her car. At a venue that had already swallowed up almost $300 from her bank account. And what about those extra bullshit fees that were tacked onto the cost of the concert tickets? Where did those dollars go? Apparently not to parking. Katniss took a deep breath. She would not yell at this nice man. It was not his fault that she was hemorrhaging money just to see a boy band she had zero interest in. It was not his fault that her boss, Effie Trinket, had kept her an hour late, preventing her from arriving with Annie and Prim. (And apparently saving $10.) It was not his fault that she was exhausted and overworked and starving because she hadn't had time to stop for dinner and that all she wanted was one night of not worrying, one night where her sister was happy and smiling and she could turn off her brain even if she had to listen to crappy music to do it. It wasn't anyone's fault really. And this nice man was just doing his job. Her cell phone dinged from the passenger seat. A succession of rapid-fire dings followed, and her anger turned into disappointment. She knew the text messages had to be from Prim. She and Annie must have found their seats. She shoved the $10 at the attendant, pulled into an empty space, and looked at her phone. She was thrilled to see a video message from Annie. It was hard to hear at first thanks to the crowd, but Katniss could make out Prim's confused questions as the usher led them down the ramp rather than up several flights of stairs. When the usher left them five rows from the stage, Prim emitted a high-pitched shriek. "Thank your sister," Annie prompted from behind the cell phone. "This was all her idea." But Prim was too busy jumping up and down in the aisle to hear. The rest of Katniss's messages were from Prim. The first three were simply exclamation points filling the screen. The next two were "OMG" and "I cant believe this!" The second to last was about twenty variations of the happy face emoji, and the last one, finally, read: "youll never guess whos sitting in the row behind us. glimmer and clove! i cannot believe their faces. they didnt believe me when i said i had tickets. omg this is the best bday ever! u r the best sister ever! thank you!" At the age of fifteen, everything to Prim was either "the best ever" or "literally the worst," but pride still swelled in Katniss's chest. The last year had been hell, but Katniss was determined to make Prim's birthday a happy night. It had taken months of careful saving and a $75 membership fee to District*4's Fan Club in order to get the presale code, but Katniss had succeeded in purchasing the best tickets she could get her hands on. Prim had known about the concert all along, but she had believed they'd be sitting in the very back, relying on the giant screens to see the stage. Katniss had wanted to be there when Prim realized how close their seats were, but work had run late as usual. She wanted to curse her boss, but it was hard to do so when her position as Effie's personal assistant was the major reason the courts had granted Katniss custody of Prim. "Love" and "family" were important buzzwords, sure, but the court preferred phrases like "full-time job" and "health insurance." At least Annie had recorded Prim's reaction. This was a video Katniss could watch whenever she needed a reminder of why she had dropped out of college, clocked sixty-hour weeks, and slept on a pullout couch in the middle of the living room. Prim's smile was a really good reminder. As Katniss entered the venue, ticket in hand (thank god she had the foresight to take hers with her just in case), she heard a roar rise up from the crowd. Her heart sunk. While she wasn't excited to see the concert (District*4 wasn't exactly her preference), and she could have saved herself a lot of money by staying home and sending Prim with Annie, who actually was a huge fan, she wanted to be part of her sister's special night. Even if it made her ears bleed. "Is that...?" Katniss asked as she handed her ticket to an usher. "Opening act just finished," the woman responded. "There's still one more band before District*4 comes on." The women did a double take of her handheld scanner. "Hold on just a second," she said. She turned away and mumbled something into her headset. "Is there a problem?" Katniss asked. Because that was just what she needed. Another obstacle. "I bought that ticket legally." "There's no problem, ma'am. It'll just be one moment." Katniss didn't like the "ma'am" or the brushoff. She wanted to argue, but she didn't want to cause a scene and risk being booted from the venue before she even made it past the velvet rope. She stepped to the side to allow the next person in line access to the usher. Two minutes. That's how long she would wait until she insisted on being let through. She stared at the throngs of people in the lobby buying overpriced merchandise and began a silent count. At one hundred and eighteen, a man dressed in an ill-fitting suit appeared at the usher's side. His hair was disheveled, and his eyes were glassy. He smelled faintly of vodka. "Where is she? It is a she, right?" he asked. The usher rolled her eyes and gestured for Katniss to come forward. "Yes, it's a she." Katniss crossed her arms over her chest when she caught the man looking her up and down. "Is there a problem?" she asked. "I purchased my ticket through the fan club presale. It's a legitimate ticket." "You're a little older than usual, but a lot saner." He started to circle her, but she spun around, not interested in having this greasy man check out her ass. "What the hell are you doing?" she demanded. "Am I being let in or not?" All she wanted to do was see the fruits of her $300 effort. She wanted to hug her sister, wish her a happy birthday, and steal some of the $8 popcorn Annie had almost certainly purchased. And if she had to yell at someone to do it, fine. She yelled at people for a living. It was the main reason Effie had hired her. Effie got to play the sugary sweet boss, endlessly apologizing for her rude personal assistant but secretly grateful that Katniss's stubbornness got results. "Calm down, sweetheart. Of course you're going in. You won," the man answered. "Won? Won what?" The man offered a crooked smile and stuck out his hand. "I'm Haymitch Abernathy, District*4's manager. Now come with me." Without further explanation, he walked back in the direction he came. Katniss hesitated until the usher waved her forward. She fell into step beside Haymitch, still confused about what the hell was going on, but she was past the velvet rope and that was what counted. "Where are we going?" she asked. "Have you ever been to a D*4 concert?" "No." In fact, she barely knew anything about District*4 except that they were "insanely hot" and "the biggest boy band ever." Of course, she had gleaned this knowledge from Prim, so she wasn't sure how accurate it was. She didn't listen to their music, at least not on purpose, but she often heard it through the walls of Prim's bedroom. "The guys bring a girl up on stage at every concert to sing to. A member of the fan club is randomly selected, and surprise! You're it." Katniss's mouth opened and closed a few times as she processed this news. "Me? It can't be me." She thought of Prim and Annie dancing around the kitchen last night, blasting D*4's music until the neighbors banged on the wall. Katniss couldn't win. She didn't deserve to. She couldn't name a single song. "It's your lucky day," Haymitch said as if she hadn't protested at all. "Seeing as how you're such a big fan and all." He gave her a pointed look. "They can't bring me up on stage," she said as Haymitch swiped a keycard through the slot on a door marked "Employees Only." "They are." She followed him down a narrow hallway. This man couldn't be serious. She wasn't even a fan! "And they can't sing to me." He let out an exasperated sigh and stopped outside of a nondescript brown door. "I'm not sure why this is a hard concept to grasp." He rubbed his forehead and muttered something about needing a drink. "Look, don't get me wrong, I'm thrilled you're not crying or jumping up and down like a crazy person, but you should sound at least a little excited before you meet them. Now come on." Meet them? Was he seriously going to— Haymitch opened the door to reveal one of the biggest flat screen televisions she had ever seen, a sofa that took up the entire left wall, a huge table full of sandwiches, chips, and cans of soda, and, oh yeah, three ridiculously handsome men. "Look who I've got," Haymitch said. "Your winner finally showed up." Katniss didn't recognize any of them, but she knew immediately that these were the members of the band. They just had that look to them, the just finished with a photo shoot, about to shoot a music video, worth millions of dollars look. She didn't know it was possible to have a look like that in real life, but here they were. "Allow me to introduce…" Haymitch trailed off, staring at her expectantly. "Katniss," she supplied. "Alright, Katniss, let me introduce you to Finnick. He's the lead singer." Finnick, a man who could easily pass as a reincarnated Greek god, gave her a bright smile and shook her hand. "It's wonderful to meet you, Katniss." "This is Gale, our quote, unquote bad boy with a heart of gold," Haymitch said. Katniss rolled her eyes at Haymitch's label, but she could see why it fit. Gale was tall with dark hair and grey eyes. He looked a little dangerous until his mouth quirked upward in a vague smile. He shook her hand before sprawling out on the sofa. "This is Darius, the one with the questionable sexuality," Haymitch said, nodding toward the redhead perched on the arm of the couch. "Hey!" Darius said. "Would you stop introducing me like that?" "We've been over this," Haymitch said. "Every boy band has one." "I like girls," he told Katniss. "Yeah, like sixty percent of the time," Gale said. Darius looked over at Gale and winked. "You would know." "Okay, I said 'questionable sexuality.' We don't need to be confirming any rumors in front of this complete stranger." Katniss shrugged. "Your secret's safe with me." "I swear I need to start having these fans sign confidentiality waivers before meeting you idiots. Now where's my boy next door?" As if on cue, the door opened and the last member of the group walked in. Katniss inhaled sharply. There was no question that Finnick was the most attractive member of the group, but he was more like a work of art than an actual person. He was something to be admired from afar, an unobtainable fantasy protected by a velvet rope. Not like this man standing in the doorway, with his tousled blonde hair, his easy smile, his broad shoulders. He was solid, strong, and he was begging to be touched. Mellark , Katniss thought. It took her a moment to remember why she not only recognized him but had also come up with a name. His face was splashed across