Chapter 1 I'm standing in front of a Mirror that shows my front, left side and right side. I'm in a wedding dress that's tight from my breast to my hips and the rest is a silky flow with a petticoat under to make it big. My mom walks in and smiles at how beautiful I look, she adds my vail that I had to fight for to not have it in front of my face and fixes my tiara. "You look beautiful darling" "Thank you" I pat my dress with my perfect manicure nails. "Do you know where my shoes are?" "Yes cinna left them in the closet, I'll get them" my mom walks into the closets and brings me a white box, she takes them out and shows me. "They are flats, cinna said they would be best for you in this dress" I laugh lightly and smile "They certainly are" my mom helps me put them on and fixes my trail "are my bridesmaids ready?" "Yes they're getting ready" "How are they treating Madge and prim?" "They are making them fit in perfectly" I nod and look down "Good" I've only meet my bridesmaids once, Effie picked them. There names are Annie Cresta and Joanna mason, Peeta's best man is his brother rye, standing next to rye is Graham and next to Graham his Finnick Odair. Effie said Peeta had to have him, I turn back to the Mirror and stare at myself. How did I get here? How did I survive the games? Why am I marrying the boy I helped save in the games? I sigh, I know the answers to all of those but I think about it quite often. "I'm going back to your sister dear, will you be fine here?" I nod not wanting to look at my mom, she slips out of the room silently letting me and my thoughts be. I play some music from a radio that Annie showed me how to use, I keep it on low and leave wordless songs playing. I sway back and forth in to mirror, I do it for a while. I like watching my dress move, I do. A spin and when I spin towards the door I see Peeta standing there smiling at me. "Peeta, what are you doing?" I ask kind of embarrassed while turning off the radio. He chuckles and walks in to the room closing the door "I came to give you something and I was watching you dance" "I wasn't dancing" he mimics me, does the spin and everything "I call that dancing" watching him do that makes me laugh, he comes over to where I am and leads me to the couch. We sit in silence for a while until I break it "I'm sorry I got you in this mess" "What mess?" "Snow not believing were In love, the districts not believing were in love, getting married like this. I know this isn't how you wanted to get married, this was forced. You don't deserve to be force Peeta" "It's not you fault, none of this is alright. I know this isn't how I wanted it but let's make the best of it, I don't want to hear anymore of that today alright?" I nod my head and flatten my dress. "You look beautiful, a very lovely bride" I blush and look down "Thank you, you look very handsome yourself" he really does, he's wearing a all black suit and a white button up undershirt, his suit collar edges fold over and it has flecks of gold where the folds are. His hair is jelled in a messy cute way and his eyes are the same, so blue and memorizing. "Thank you but all eyes will be on you" he leans over and whispers "even mine" I laugh lightly and look into his beautiful blue eyes "I think it's bad luck for the groom to see the bride before the ceremony, if Effie sees you here your dead" "Effie wouldn't hurt a fly" I raise my eyebrows "maybe your right, I'll get to the point" he pulls out a long box from the inside of his suit and hands it to me "for you" I take the box and very slowly open it up, it's a bracelet with a gold plate that reads 'always' I look at Peeta with watery eyes, he said that to me when I was hurt and I asked him to stay with me. "Oh katniss don't cry" I look up and start to blink really fast like Effie showed me, she told me if I was going to get emotional to do that. I really thought I was going to have to. "Peeta it's beautiful! I love it and I will wear it every day as long as I shall live" "Good, I must be going now. I'll see you in the chapel" I nod my head, he gets up and walks out the door leaving me alone with my thoughts again. xxxXxxx 10 minutes after Peeta left Haymitch came to collect me sense he's the one walking down the isle. We meet up with my bridesmaids in front of the huge chapel doors, Annie gives me a hug that I hesitate to return. "You look wonderful!" "Thank you" prim comes up and hugs me next "Katniss you look absolutely amazing" "Thanks little duck" I turn to Madge and give her a hug. "Katniss you shine brighter than the stars" "I don't know about all that but thank you" "Brainless you look good" Johanna pats my back, I give her a look for the nickname but except the complement. They all get in there orders, prim, Madge, Annie Jo, then me am Haymitch. 2 little girls come running down the hall with baskets full of red petals, they take their places just in time in front of prim. The doors open and they start to walk in throw petals down the isle, after each person walks threw the doors I get more and more nervous. Jo walks through and when the doors close behind her I know it's only a matter of time they will open again and it will be my turn to walk, Haymitch takes my arm in his and sees my bracelet. "That from the boy?" "Yes" I say rather shaky "You know you can live a thousand life times and never deserve him" "I know, I shouldn't be the one walking down this isle to him. It should be another girl, one he deserves" "Oh hush up, when are you going to wake up and smell the roses. He love you and I know you love him! You just need to accept it and not push him away" "I can't help it" "Well try" he snaps, Haymitch takes a deep breath "try for me" "Okay" I whisper, we walk forward and take our positions "don't let me fall" "I won't" the music starts for the bride and the doors open, my hearts stops and I'm frozen from fear. Haymitch gives me a tug and I starts walking my eyes skim over the crowd and I don't know anyone except for some people in the front. My eyes go to Peeta and I smile at how handsome he looks, our eyes lock and they stay that way until our hands meet. "Some fatherly advice Peeta, don't make this one mad. She's a fighter" everyone laughs and Peeta chuckles "Wouldn't dream of it" Peeta leads me up to the small stage we stand on, both of my hands in both of his and our eyes are locked. It's like were the only 2 people in this room. "We are gathered here today to celebrate the love of Peeta Mellark and katniss Everdeen" hearing the booming words of the priest snaps me out of my thinking "before we start are there any objections? Speak now or forever hold your peace" Me and Peeta look around the crowd and smile when no one comes forward. "Alrighty then let's get started, you two will be saying your own vows" I look at the Priest with wide eyes "No one told me that, I'm not prepared" "If it's true love it will flow naturally, Peeta you may go first" I look back at Peeta and give him a small smile. "Katniss, I've loved you sense the first day I saw you when we were 5 years old. Words can't describe how happy I am to be here with you right now in a tux and you in a dress reading my vows to you. I love you with all my heart and I'm proud to call you my fiancé and in five minutes my wife. I believe if we were thrown into the games together I don't think I would ever have the guts to talk to you and I wouldn't be the happy man I am today. I love you katniss Everdeen and I cant wait to call you a Mellark" Peeta wipes the tears running down my face when he finishes, I take a deep breath and start. "Peeta Mellark, you can probably tell how nervous I am right now because you can read me like a book but I want you to know I love you with all of my heart and I'm am over the moon happy right now to be standing here with my hands in yours prepared to be married. You saved my life and my family's life when I was 11 years old and I never thanked you, let me thank you now. Thank you Peeta Mellark for saving our life's because you kept us alive and if you didn't I wouldn't be here todayready to become a Mellark." He smiles at me and squeezes both of my hands and rubs my engagement ring. I know mine wasn't has heart warming as Peeta's but it came from the heart, it just flowed out. "That was lovely you two,now let's begin. Do you Peeta Mellark take katniss Everdeen to love and to cherish through sickness and through health for as long as you may live" "I do" "Do you katniss Everdeen take Peeta Mellark to love and to cherish through sickness and through health for as long as you may live?" "Yes- I mean I do" i hear a few laughs in the crowd and a few awes but I shrug it off because I can't stop smiling and it seems like Peeta can't stop either. "The rings" Rye hands Peeta a ring and Prim hands me a ring. I hold out my left hand and Peeta places it above my engagement ring. "Now my hands complete" I look around and cover my mouth "did I say that out loud" Peeta laughs and nods his head "Yes" I blush,there laughs from the crowd but yet again I shrug it off. Peeta holds out his hand and I place it on his finger than take it off. "Whats wrong?" I laugh lightly "Peeta that's your right hand, it goes on your left" "Oh" he blushes a bright red and holds out his left, I place it on his left hand and smile. "I now pronounce you Mr and Mrs's Peeta Mellark, you may kiss the bride" Peeta pulls me in close and kisses me, my smiles suppress through our lips and Peeta's soon follows. When we pulls apart everyone breaks out into cheers, our family and friends come up to congratulate us and so does a lot of people we don't know. We go outside into a garden to take pictures, I don't feel like taking pictures but Peeta told me if we took them we can remember this day forever, I told him how can I forget then he promised me chocolate. First I take pictures by myself under a tree in different poses, then with my mom, the sister, then mom and sister, with all