`Tale of Two Hearts By Lost SUMMARY: Two hearts, born of the same flesh and blood, only six years apart. Sequel to Adventure of Middle Earth. Damian has always fought for freedom, but will one decision made of anger and hurt, be the downfall of a world his sister, Katie, fights to protect? For months Damian's anger grew, is it too late for Katie to right her wrongs? Too late to rejoin the family she lost? Will Katie be able to make peace with her brother and save the world she holds dear? Or will Damian be blinded by his anger, and wipe out all in his path? Disclaimer: Lost doesn't own LotR or its characters. She also doesn't own Faelwen, Jess or Tywein, her friends are claiming them. Lost owns none of the Greek Gods, she just borrowed their names! She also doesn't own the All American Rejects or their song Gives you Hell. Is there anything I forgot? Oh yeah, Katie does not use medical methods, because Lost has no wish to study medicine, she faints at the sight of blood! So do NOT-not that any of you intelligent people would, but I have to cater for everybody- use any methods Katie uses! (IMPORTANT! Please read! Luv ya'll, Lost!) A/N Ok, for ya'll, just a quick little note so you get the idea of what's happening and I don't get a million emails asking me to explain! First of all, a big thanks to all you lovely people who stuck with me up to this point and I'll try hard not to disappoint you! Ok, back to the point: My story is set back in the present day (2010, only 5 months after Katie was reported missing) and Middle earth is the past. (5 thousand years ago)I have also fit Middle Earth into, well mainly Australia but other parts of the world as well. So my geography is well and truly out! Sorry, but had to move things around a bit to make it work! We all good? Ok, on with the story! Chapter 1- Dreams and Things that go bang in the Night- Katie's POV: I knew it was a dream from the very first minute. It had a misty, other-world feel. I could see the borders of Mirkwood from the hill on which I stood, the one that was now close to a city of Men. Below me, a grassy clearing separated the edge of the forest from a rough, dirt road. From both sides came a tremendous thumping that gave me an instant headache. From the forests emerged an army, clad in Mithril. There were Dwarves, Hobbits and Elves, all marching out together. They were met by an army of Men, carrying swords and bows where guns should have been. They were still dressed in their normal camouflage uniforms and bullet proof vests. That's when it started to get really weird! From the side of the Elves, I saw myself step forward, ready to bark orders. From the other side came a figure I knew all too well. He had changed a lot, but our souls would recognise each other anywhere. Damian. The air hung with an awkward silence that seemed to last an eternity. "I wake up every evening," My voice rang out in a song I had not sung for five thousand years. "With a big smile on my face and it never feels out of place. And you're still probably working at a nine to five pace. I wonder how bad that tastes." Damian joined in, countering my sing-song attack. "When you see my face, hope it gives you hell, hope it gives you hell." "When you walk my way, hope it gives you hell, hopes it gives hell." As I sung this line, the Ents began to stir, the whole forest quickly coming to life. "Now where's your picket fence love? And where's that shiny car?" "And did it ever get you far?" "You never seemed so tense love; I've never seen you fall so hard. Do you know where you are?" Damian cocked his head sadly at the forest before his face broke into an evil little smile. "And truth be told, I miss you. And truth be told, I'm lying! When you see my fave hope it gives you hell, hope it gives you hell." "When you walk my way, hope it gives you hell, hope it gives you hell." "If you find a man that's worth the damn and treats you well, then he's a fool, you're just as well. Hope it gives you hell." Legolas raised an eyebrow, still amused despite the insult. Damian gave him the finger. We both sang the next verse in perfect harmony, despite our lack of ability. Don't you just love dreams? "Tomorrow you'll be thinking to yourself 'yeah, where did it all go wrong?' But the list goes on and on." I smiled slightly, trying not to give too much away and copied Damian's earlier line. "And truth be told, I miss you. And truth be told, I'm lying!" "When you see my face, hope it gives you hell, hope it gives you hell." "When you walk my way, hope it gives you hell, hope it gives you hell." "If you find a man that's worth the damn that treats you well, the he's a fool, you're just as well. Hope it gives you hell." Then we sung in harmony again. "Now you'll never see what you've done to me. You can take back your memories; they're no good to me. Here's all your lies. You can look me in the eyes…" "With that sad, sad look that you wear so well!" Damian raised an eyebrow. He still wasn't used to me insulting him and meaning it. Then the armies took up the chorus. First Damian's, then mine, then Damian's again. "When you see my face, hope it gives you hell, hope it gives you hell." "When you walk my way, hope it gives you hell, hope it gives you hell." "When you find a man that's worth the damn and treats you well, then he's a fool, you're just as well. Hope it gives you hell." Damian's voice rang loud and clear, leading the next assault himself. "When you see my face, hope it gives you hell, hope it gives you hell." "When you walk my way, hope it gives you hell, hope it gives you hell." Then we both sang together: "When you hear this song and you sing along, though you'll never tell. Then you're the fool, I'm just as well. Hope it gives you hell. When you hear this song I hope that it will give you hell. You can sing along, I hope that it puts you through hell." With that, battle broke out below me, the air filled with screams of pain and the stench of blood. Meanwhile… Jess' POV: It was about midnight by the time my red Honda Jazz pulled into the driveway. It had broken down on the way from work. That was odd, I was sure I hadn't left the lights on. Maybe Damian had 'forgotten' to turn them off on his way out. Ever since he'd come back…he'd been different to say the least. He moved in with me, got a good paying job and things were going great. That was until he got fired for beating up his boss. The guy had seven broken ribs, a broken nose and a fractured skull, and Damian was un-armed! His buddy in the FBI had simply whipped his file clean. It seemed wrong to me, but apparently my say didn't count. After that he hadn't been bothered to get another job, instead living off my income. I didn't make that much, and all I did make seemed to disappear and a new bottle of alcohol would appear in the cupboard, disappearing three days later. On top of that, he was overly paranoid. He'd rush about the house muttering about extra security and slept with his hand gun under his pillow. For months I'd been more like a slave than anything else and I couldn't take anymore. This morning I told him he had till I got home from work to be out of here, with everything he could carry. If he left something behind, I'd send it to him and he was to leave his key in the bowl by the door. Was he really gone? I opened the door, throwing my keys in the bowl. I could hear the football match blaring from the lounge room. Had he left the T.V on too? The floor boards creaked and Damian stumbled into the hallway. He hadn't left, and worse: He'd been drinking, the rum bottle, still half full in his hand. "Damian, what the hell are you doing here? I thought I told you to get out!" Damian laughed. "And I said 'Hell no'!" I balled my tiny fists at my sides. I could feel my ring, which was the only thing I had of my mother's, cutting into my leg. My mother had left Dad and me when I was only twelve years old. Dad said she had no choice, that she wanted to stay, but couldn't. But I didn't believe him. Love is blind; just look at me and Damian, only an idiot would have put up with him for this long. "That's it! I'm calling the cops!" I turned and reached for the phone by the door. I felt Damian's fingers dig into my left shoulder, and I could almost swear I heard the bone crack. But I didn't have much time to worry about that pain. Damian brought his fist; rum bottle included smashing into the right side of my face. I was knocked to the floor as the white hot pain seared through me and scarlet drops began to form pools and rivers down my white work shirt. I gasped. He'd seriously hit me! I was roughly reefed from the ground by my left wrist. My feet dangled uselessly against the blood stained floor boards. Damian's fingers squeezed, slowly, and might I add painfully, smashing what felt like every bone in my wrist. I screamed, gasping at the pain now shooting through my wrist and my face. Damian dropped me roughly on the floor, heading for the bedroom. I knew what he kept there. The images of his slim, sleek and silent gun flashed through my mind. I scrabbled across the floor, ignoring the glass that scratched and pulled at my skin. I threw the front door open, stumbled down the stairs and ran down the street. I heard an explosion as a bullet flew past me, crashing the Amin's house. I stubbled. Damn the dress code! I ditched my high heels and felt the wind rush through my blonde hair as I gained speed. Dad had always said I was born to run. Damian was drunk. There was no way he could keep up with me, at least no on foot. Ahead of me, I saw my aim, though I don't know why it was. I had covered quite good ground. I was already at the old forest. I would lose Damian as soon as I was through the trees. There was a small tug in my mind, warning me not to enter. This forest felt evil. I know it's a weird thing to say, but there was something about it that screamed danger. I could almost imagine a shadow stalking towards me. It was almost as if this place were made to mess with your mind. It was odd. I stood before the wall of twisted trees, unsure what to do. I heard the sound of a string being pulled tight, the tension almost visible in the air. My head snapped to the sound. I could hear a gasp. I wasn't imagining things. There was someone in the trees! But…But, no one came here! No