A/N: My undying gratitude to Spades for allowing me to introduce her dragons to my little family of dragons. As each new dragon is introduced, I will profile it and tell to which family it belongs, hers or mine. : My undying gratitude to Spades for allowing me to introduce her dragons to little family of dragons. As each new dragon is introduced, I will profile it and tell to which family it belongs, hers or mine. Disclaimer : The concept for Lord of the Rings belongs to the Tolkien Estate but the OCs are mine. WARNING : To forego all the "nay-saying" right from the beginning, I have created OC characters which will be in this story as they have been in the others. While some people enjoy my OCs, others do not - it is a personal choice. I appreciate every person who reads my stories and hope that you all enjoy this one as well. Dragon Profile : Zohrat (zoe-RAWT) : Son of Marduke. Red dragon with deep jade eyes, he was supposed to be the protector and champion of the remaining "Old Ones," but forsook them and their young charge when enticed to do so by the Witch King. (Zohrat is mine.) Summary : In the beginning, Ilúvatar called to him the greatest of his creations and commanded them watch over the new Arda, protecting as best they could the Firstborn and Secondborn races. And so they came, the Old Ones, and carried out their Lord's command, watching over the world and keeping it, as well as those who lived there, safe from the encroaching darkness. Over time, the different races began to fear these great dragons and hunted them, spilling their blood in the name of sport – and profit. And so the decision was made to hide these special creatures and in time, it was the appointed ones who watched over these great beasts, reversed roles from what was originally intended. Over the millennia, the Old Ones, tired in body and spirit began to leave, two by two, and traveled to Dragonhome, a place of rest and renewal, a reward not unlike Valinor to the race of Eldar. Now, two only remain, although the time has come for them to make their final journey as well. But these last two dragons have been betrayed and are now being hunted by dark forces who will call forth every dark creature and force at their command to capture them, for to possess and subvert two of the Old Ones would be the ultimate glory. Their only hope of survival now rests in the hands of those who had once sworn an oath to keep their existence secret. "Death, be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so; For those whom thou think'st thou dost overthrow Die not, poor Death; nor yet canst thou kill me. From Rest and Sleep, which but thy picture be, Much pleasure; then from thee much more must flow…" Chapter 1 Legend He stood staring at the carnage in front of him, his fury a fire in his own black heart and he knew that if there was any other way to achieve his aims he would kill the dragon where he now lay, glaring in his direction. It was clear the creature was mad, but to openly defy him by killing the entire clutch of young was unthinkable, even if he did understand the dragon's motives. The young, sired by the dragon and clutched by a female Fell beast were mockeries of the dragon, deformed, colorless and witless. Zoraht had seen this and in his fury had destroyed them all for he wanted nothing near him that lessened his own magnificence - he could not bear the thought that he had in any way been involved in the creation of such horrors. The Úlaire's first instinct had been to destroy the defiant one but he knew he still needed him. He walked forward until he stood directly in front of the dragon. "Tell me why I should not kill you, Zoraht." He commanded in his sickly, breathless whisper of a voice. The dragon swung his great head toward the Úlaire until one, great eye settled near the Witch King so he could glare at him from close up. "You won't kill me Úlaire, because you still need me. When this is over, then you are free to do as you will - I care not - but until that time comes you won't - you can't touch me." There was a short silence in which it seemed the Witch King was considering the dragon's words. "If you still consider yourself of use to me then tell me why I should believe you." For a moment a look of sadness and loneliness flashed across the dragon's eyes, only to disappear as quickly as it had appeared. "Because I am not the last of my kind." There was complete silence in the cavern and even the other two Fell beasts that stood nearby quit their growling and turned to look at the red dragon. Though it was impossible to see the expression on the Witch King's face, there was a subtle change in attitude which could be felt by beasts and orcs alike. "Continue." The Witch King commanded. Zoraht laid his great head on his front clawed feet and sighed before he once more spoke. "One of the dragons is no more than a babe, a youngling not yet at the breeding age - and there are two others." Though he didn't move or show any expression, all the occupants of the cave except for Zoraht knew he was losing patience with the dragon. "Do not toy with me, dragon, for your usefulness could become greatly diminished, and in a very short time." The sound that came from Zoraht was as close as any dragon could come to a sarcastic snort. "As you wish, Witch King. There are two others. I was their caretaker although after many ages of this world, I grew weary of my position and sought other distractions. The youngling I told you about - the other two … are the last of the Old Ones." The Witch King drew himself taller and it was plain that what the dragon had said had surprised him - and surprise was a thing he had not felt in a very long time. The Úlaire turned and sent a mental command to his own winged mount after which it lumbered to the entrance of the cavern and launched itself into the air - on its way to summon the other eight. "Tell me more of these dragons, Zoraht." Zoraht raised his head off his feet and glared at the Witch King. "I will not help you capture them, dark hearted one. I will only tell you where they dwell. What you do with the information I give you after that will be up to you." "You will do as you are told." There was undisguised menace in the Úlaire's voice. Although the Witch King did not raise his voice, the air about him began to vibrate and the walls of the cavern shook. Zoraht answered the challenge and raised himself onto his hind legs, his claws lengthening, the razor-sharp tips digging deeply into the hot sand beneath him and his muscles thickening and rippling with his every move. His great wings unfurled, clearing the outer boundaries of the heated cavern by only a few, scant feet as he raised them both as if preparing for battle. But it was when he raised his head toward the heavens and roared, that he truly showed his magnificence, shaking the cavern and sending the orcs running while causing the remaining fell beast to hide her head under her wing, whining piteously. The Witch King remained where he was, still, quiet and unafraid – waiting until the dragon once more lowered himself onto all fours and had lowered his head before he made his reply. Then through his own magic he seemed to grow taller until he could look directly into the dragon's eyes. "Do not think yourself so great or indispensable that you can challenge me, dragon, for I could kill you with a thought." The Úlaire hissed in anger. The great, jade eye in front of him seemed to swirl ominously. "If you kill me, and you very well could, then who would your backup breeder be? Who can tell you what you need to know to be able to capture these two? Who will still be here if the male disappoints you?" The dragon's voice deepened, the vibration seeming to come from the great stone walls around them. "Don't you challenge me!" 8-) 8-) 8-) 8-) It had taken two days to gather what they needed to capture the dragons, a potion plus 300 orcs, but soon they were ready to move out, and when the Úlaire gave them the order to begin their hunt, they did so. 8-) 8-) 8-) 8-) Lord Elrond of Imladris, was Master to some, Noldor Lord to others and beloved Ada to those who counted greatly in his heart, but no matter the Lordly titles or stately manners, the elf who now labored on the gentle slope of the Misty Mountains was no more the mighty warrior, having long before put away the weapons of war. He was now but a gentle healer, gathering herbs and plants that would help alleviate suffering and bring healing to those who were wounded or ill. Beside him labored his foster-daughter, Anayah, the daughter of his heart. An able healer herself, she still loved this aspect of the art, the gathering of the herbs and plants that would be made into poultices, potions and teas. The chance for the two to be working out of doors was more rejuvenating than anything else and was almost considered to be a vacation. Carefully and gently, both sets of hands trimmed leaves, cut stems and lifted whole plants from their earthy bed as if each plant or its parts was the most precious life on Arda. Though dusk was not far off, there was still enough light left for the two elves to continue their work. But it was not only the work that the two enjoyed, but each other's company as well, for there was time for father-daughter talks, advice, tall tales and sharing knowledge of herbs and lore, all of which made the day seem much too short. There had been some great conversations - and much laughter. "Ada, look at this!" Elrond sat on his heels to look closely at what Anayah was pointing at. Expecting to see some rare plant or beautiful blossom, instead the Lord was treated to the rare experience of seeing a small, round, orange insect with black spots on its back making its careful way across a green leaf. Elrond laughed - they both laughed as they watched the busy little bug go about its business. 8-) 8-) 8-) 8-) When asked about the experience later, Anayah wouldn't be able to say, for a fact, what she had noticed first, her father falling to his knees, holding his head and screaming, or the long mournful wail that was the cry, reverberating off the mountains. What she could say with certainty was that for a few moments, she stood with a digging tool in one hand and her mouth hanging open like an unschooled elfling. Her father did not scream, nor did he lose control - fathers "never" did such things, and so, the shock of finding out that he did both, momentarily robbed Anayah of her ability to move. She was not inactive for long. Dropping the digging tool that she was holding in one hand, she ran down the short incline to where her father knelt and once she had reached him, knelt by his side. He would not