Chapter One: Strange people and strange feelings. "Percy look!", my brother Tyson yelled into my ear waking me up. While yawning, I said," what is it Tyson?," " It's our new house!," he exclaimed excitedly. Quickly, I turned my head and saw a two-story ocean blue house." Does it have a pool?," I hurriedly asked our mother. She and dad looked back at us at the same time and said," Of cour-", before they finished their sentence I ran out of the car, Tyson following behind me towards the back yard. Once the pool came into my vision, I stripped as a ran towards the pool, trying my best not to fall on my face. Once I reached the pool my clothes, except for my boxers where off and I jumped in. ", WOOOH it feels great!", I yelled through my laughter and swam around. Tyson laughed and sat at the edge of the giant underground pool with his legs dangling inside the pool. Soon our parents found us and they both held pieces of my clothing. " Okay boys we have a lot of unpacking to do so lets get to it!", " Yes ma`m" I saluted to them as I got out of the pool. I took the clothes from them and put them on, not caring that I'm, wet it just water anyways. As I followed them to the car and moving truck I noticed some movement from within the house. Meh it`s nothing just my eyes playing tricks on me. " Finally! Everything is unpacked ," I said aloud while flopping down upon my bed. Slowly, I started to drift asleep, when my mom knocked on my door. " Mom i was almost asleep!", I exclaimed as she came into my room. " Sorry hun, I just came in to tell you tomorrow we'll be taking a tour of your new school okay, good night, i love you", she said with a kiss on my forehead. ", I love you too", I replied and she smiled. My mom may be in her thirties but she will always be beautiful with her long curly black hair, blue eyes and an amazingly kind smile. We've always been there for each other through everything that's happened to us until we meet my new dad and brother and now we all have each other. I smiled back and then she left with a close of the door. I then once again slowly drifted off to sleep. I couldn't help but feel as if I was being watched. The room felt cold and I could feel goosebumps on my arms. Meh whatever i'm tired. " Ooof", I said while waking up from Tyson sitting on top of me." Time to get ready!", he giggled then got off of me and walked out of my room. " Thanks for the wake up call bro", I yelled after him as I got out of bed. Lazily I pulled out the first pair of jeans and the first shirt I could find from inside my closet. I then put on the faded gray fitting jeans and green and blue plaid long sleeve shirt. I folded up the sleeves to my elbows and undid the first three bottoms, ya know to breath a little and then I put on green high-top converse. I combed my hair with my fingers trying to tame my bed hair but gave up because my hair is always a wavy mess. Then I brushed my teeth and made my way downstairs." Good morning family", I said as I saw them all waiting near the door. " Finally your here lets go!", my mother said as she ushered us all out the front door. " Here at Gladiator High School we are the best school in the state with the best teachers and all classes a high school can offer. We also have a diverse community of students and many different clubs. Your children both seem like bright boys and will easily fit in and adjust easily," Chiron the school's principle said with a smile." So Percy is a twelfth grader and Tyson is in tenth correct?", we all nodded in reply. " Yes well here are the schedules you've already picked your classes earlier and so you'll need them to get to your classes",We all once again nodded. " Well its lunch time and so the boys can go to lunch and meet people while we the adults can discus.", It came out as a suggestion but by his tone of voice it sounded more like a demand. Iv`e decided that this man is someone who should be respected." Will do sir", I said while I got up, Tyson following." Chiron is fine he said after us as we left the room towards the cafeteria. " Once we got to the cafeteria, we knew were it was from the tour but didn't get a look inside but by Gods, this is no freaking cafeteria this is more like a giant restaurant buffet! Tyson and I quickly made our way to the lunch line. Which brought tons of peoples eyes on us from Tyson cyclopes like height, but like always we ignored them as we just don't care about what others think of us. Tyson and I were busy picking our food, when suddenly a loud bang silenced the whole cafeteria. We saw that a guy a bit taller than I with longish hair who you could obviously can tell isn't a nice guy with the evil smirk plastered on his face. His appearance doesn't help at all with the long scar on his left check that reaches from his eye to his chin. Standing before him is a short skinny kid that seemed to be Latino from his olive skin and curly short dark hair. He also had imp like features. Usually when you see a guy like him with a bully he'd be cowering but this guy was holding his ground." What do you want Castellan", the short guy grumbled. " What do you think I want Valdez", he replied while going in for a punch. Before his fist could connect with the tiny guys face I quickly jumped in and blocked his punch with my hand. " You know it's not fair to pick on people just because there smaller than you," I remarked while pushing his fist away from us." Who the fuck are you", the blonde grumbled." Jackson, Percy Jackson", I replied in a serious tone but I couldn't hold it any longer and busted out laughing. " I always wanted to say that hahah! Oh Gods that's just priceless!" People started to stare at me with a confused expressions. " What that was funny!", I exclaimed out to everyone. That's when the scar guy came in for another punch, but I was ready to counter him, when all of a sudden two guys interfered. One was tall and muscular but not overwhelmingly so with blonde tousled short hair. The other guy was also on the tall side with short almost shaved black hair that stood up a bit and he was on the big side where he seems chubby but muscular as well. " How many times do we have to tell you to stop messing with our friends Castellan", the blonde coldly remarked while then the chubby muscular like guy turned around and asked the impish guy," how are ya Leo". Leo just crossed his arms and scoffed. Then the chubby muscular like guy set his sight on me. Now I could see that he seems to be from Asian descendants and he has dark brown eyes and a kind chubby face."Thanks for helping our friend out", he thanked with smile." Any time, it was my pleasure to mess with that ass hole", I said while pointing at the bully. That's when we heard said ass hole yell. We all turned and saw Tyson picking him up and holding him up pretty high. " Tsk tsk picking on others because you bigger well you need to learn some better people skills", he smiled up at him.", Oh and don't ever mess with my big brother", he said while putting him down and walking over to me with a big smile on his face., Tyson", I said to him," Yes Percy", he smiled", I think it's time to leave", and with that we both left to meet back up with our parents. Hahahah Tyson is one crazy guy," thanks for that Ty," I thanked him and he just smiled. " WHAT YOU ALREADY GOT INTO A FIGHT AND TYSON MY GODS YOU ACTUALLY GOT INVOLVED!?", mom yelled more out of shock than anger. " This guy thought it was okay to make fun because he bigger so I just pick him up to tell him that stuff isn't what matters. But Percy was the hero he stopped the bully", Tyson whined as he didn't want to get into trouble.", Alright well tomorrow when school actually starts for you guys just ignore that bully okay". "Of course", Tyson nodded but I just grunted. As long as he leaves me alone and others i'll leave him alone. Tyson has always been a big guy but he never uses his size against others unless he really gets pissed off. The next morning I felt some cold tapping touch which caused me to jump right out of bed." Well whatever the hell that was, it certainly woke me up", I laughed while combing my fingers through my hair. I then took a quick shower and once again just picked out the first outfit from my closet. I turned out wearing dark blue loose fitting jeans with a gray muscle shirt with a blue and gray plaid shirt once again rolled up to my elbows and put on blue high top converse. I shook my hair like a dog and looked into the mirror. My hair in it's usual messy self and some what dry meh it's good enough and with that I went downstairs to meet up with Tyson whose short brown hair was perfectly combed and he was wearing his favorite red t-shirt with his favorite pair of jeans and brown boots." Aww you want to make a good impression your so adorable little bro", I said with a smile and tried to give him a pat on the head but I couldn't reach, so close though! Darn his freakish tallness, in a good way of course Tyson is anything but a freak he's the nicest person anyone will ever meet. Unlike me with my attitude towards people I don't like and stubbornness. He blushed and replied", I love meeting new friends", and with that we walked to school together. "So Percy please introduce yourself to the class", my English teacher announced to the class. I could hear peoples murmurs of what happened yesterday in the cafeteria. As I searched the class I saw a guy sitting in the back with extremely curly brown hair and with a goatee to match. The guy looked really laid back and kind of out of it. ", Well I came here from New York and I like to swim?", I questioned to see if that was good enough with the teacher who just nodded and motioned me to take a seat and so I did next to the goatee guy. " Uh hey i'm Percy", I said with a smile and extended my hand to him for a shake. " He shook his head as if he was just woken up. " Huh what? Oh hey man just kind of out of it for a sec hahah I'm Grover Underwood by the way and he just slapped my hand as if I were acting for a high five. Then he said,' so what's your name dude?", I just shook my head and laughed," Percy Jackson", I replied. He then came really