NEED TO READ: Hey guys this is my first hunger games fanfic so a few things you need to know. One is all the clothes will be on my account just search up my name and look at my description. Two is if I don't update fast enough it's because I'm either punished busy or I'm working on the clothes. Oh and to make the clothes go on . So Happy Reading! My Life Katniss's POV I woke up to the sound of my phone. I look at my I phone 5/5S to see my best friend Madge texting me. ( Madge bold Katniss Italics ) Get up and tell Peeta 2 come down to the bakery the group is waiting outside and we r freezing Just call Rye 2 open the doors but we'll get ready O ya I forgot he exsisted K and hurry up we have school in an hour K ttyl love you Love u 2 We always say love you at the end of our texts because we all have been best friends since 1st grade and when I say group and all I mean our group we call 'The Victors'. We are the most popular group in school. In our group we have me, Peeta, Madge, Gale, Finnick, Annie, Clove, Marvel, Cato, Glimmer, Johanna, Gloss, Cashmere, and Thresh. We all love each other and tell each other everything we also plan on going to the same college and living together in Upstate New York or Miami in a big mansion. We also have 2 sets of siblings in our group Annie and Finnick and Gloss and Cashmere. Peeta stayed at my house for the night because we are friends like that. But he has his own special room in my house since he practically lives here. He is like part of our has his own room his own seat at our dinner table and we spend Christmas and Thanksgiving together but with his family to. We have been friend since we were 3 when we saw each other at the park (Flashback) I was sitting in the sand box when I lost my shovel. I looked all around the sand but when I looked up I saw a little Peeta using my shovel to dig a hole."Hey that's mine, I said. "Oh I'm sorry here you go, said Little Peeta. "I'm Peeta, "I'm Katniss."Hi Catnap, said Peeta. "See I already have a nickname for you,said Peeta."I'll nickname you Peety,I said."OK,said Peeta "Wanna be best friends, I said. "Sure let's go tell our mommy and daddy, said Peeta. "Sure, I said. Then we got up and ran to our parents. Lucky they were already talking and getting along. "Mommy Mommy this is Peeta but I call him Peety, I said. "And mommy this is Katniss and I call her Catnap,said Peeta while his mom lifted him in her lap as my mom did the same thing. "Hi Peeta. "Hi Katniss. "Mommy can Peety sleepover today. "As long as if it is OK with Peeta's mom. "Sure, said Peeta's mom. "Yay,I screamed. "Come on Catnap let's go to the monkey bars. "OK, we got up and ran to the monkey bars. (Flashback over) Since that day we did everything together he came with me to see my mom in the hospital when my little sister Prim was born, the first day of pre school, also we went on vacation with each other from Pittsburgh to LA. Also when I turned 15 the Mellarks gave me a job at the cafe as a waitress so I got to work with Peeta all day. Prim is now 13 while me and Peeta are 16. I grab a pilliow and walk to Peeta's room that has his name on the door. I opened it and see Peeta still asleep. He looks so cute when he sleeps. Yes it's true I like Peeta and I think he likes me but I like us as friends but it would be perfect if we dated but oh well. I throw the pillow at Peeta's head and yell "Peety wake up" and also jump up and down on his bed. "Catnap, he groans. "Catnap it is 6 in the morning and I'm trying to sleep now get over here, said Peeta playfully and then playfully tackling and tickling me. "Guys come on breakfast is ready and I'm leaving for school already, said Prim. "Wait back up, said Peeta. "Yes, said Prim rounding her head around the corner. "You need to give us our hug, said Peeta with his arms out. "Later I need to go meet Brandon, said Prim and ran down the hall. "TRAITOR, yelled Peeta. Brandon is Cato's little brother. Those to brothers are like exactly alike they ac the same way wear the same clothes sometimes. But we all love them. "Come on Peety we have to change the rest of the group is at the bakery, I said. "I'm going to go change (If you read the A/N then you would know where to find it but if you didn't search up my name and look at my description) , I said. I finished changing and since it is fall I put on my leather jacket on and walk down to the kitchen. Before I walk through the door Peeta comes running through the door and slides on top of the counter like he always does. "Peety you almost made me fall, I said then fixed my skirt with suspenders attached. "Sorry Catnap, said Peeta then leaned up against the wall and put his feet on the counter. "Ah Peeta feet off, said my dad. "Dad where's mom. "She got called to the hospital early apparently someone got trampled in the stomach and broke some bones and lose some blood. "That's gotta hurt, Peeta said with a mouthful of a doughnut. "Come on doughnut mouth we got to go bye daddy, I said while grabbing a doughnut, Peeta's hand, my bag, and kissing my dad on the cheek. "Bye , said Peeta still with a doughnut in his mouth. "I told you to call me Rick Peeta, my dad said. "Sorry. We walked out the door and since the bakery and school aren't that far the group always meet at the bakery with there cars but they leave them there and we all walk to school together. We got to the bakery with 30 minutes left to get to school. "Hey guys, said Peeta. "Finally we are freezing, said Annie. "I told Madge to call Rye to open the door, I said while pointing at Madge. "I did he wouldn't open it he has been sitting in there and mocking us, said Madge then pointing to Rye who is sitting at one of the high tables. Peeta can see me getting mad so he wraps both his arms around my waist since he is behind me and he is super strong I can't get out. "Catnap calm down you can't do that in public, do that inside the store, said Peeta. Peeta let me go sadly and I ran into the bakery and jumped onto Rye. I did that for like 10 minutes until he surrendered. I got up to see the group at our table and eating a whole bunch of desserts. I look over at Peeta and see he is on another sugar rush. His eyes are huge and he has frosting all over his face and kicking his legs back and forth and was bouncing up and down in the chair. The last one he had was at my sweet sixteen a month ago. He slept over and trashed my room so me and him went outside to play some basketball so he could run around. "Who gave Peeta cupcakes, I said. Everyone pointed to Cato and Finnick. "Ya we did, Finnick said while nodding his head slowly but freshly. "Guys you know what happens when he eats a lot of sugar. "Nothing happens I'm totally fine oh what's this, said Peeta really fast and grabbing the sugar to play with it. I quickly grab the sugar out of his hand and took a napkin and whipped his face of the frosting. "Great now I'm babying him, Glimmer can you get Peeta some water and Clove can you get him and apple, I told them. "Sure they both said then got up to go get it. "Come on guys we have 20 minutes to get to school, said Gale while grabbing his and Madge's bag from under the table. We all got up and Finnick was holding his and Annies bag and there macbooks as did Cato with Glimmer, Gale with Madge, Marvel with Clove, Gloss with Johanna, and Thresh with Cashmere. Also since Peeta was on a sugar rush I carried our macbooks and Peeta carried our backpacks. But he eventually calmed down When we got to school the first sight we saw was Prim Brandon Rue and Rory. Rue is Thresh's little sister and Rory is Gale's little brother. Everyone knows they like each other and that Prim and Brandon like each other that is why Cato calls me sister and I call him brother and Thresh and Gale call each other brother because we know they will get married one day. "Sister let's go see what they are up to, said Cato. "K Gale Thresh Peeta you coming, I called to them. "Ya, they said. Prim's POV Rue, Rory, Brandon (A/N Brandon looks like Greyson Chance if you don't know him then look him up) , and I were sitting on the school bench when our siblings came over. "Hey little children, said Cato. "Cato Peeta, I scream and then run and hug them as did Rue. Cato and Peeta are mine and Rue's favorite out of all 4 of them because Cato always brings a present and Peeta always brings us cookies there like our uncle. "Hey girls Prim your hair looks amazing and is that the bracelet I gave you, said Cato. " Ya and thank you I did my hair myself. Your welcome,you want to see what I have for you, he says while kneeling down to our level because Cato is 2 feet taller than us, he is like 6 feet tall. "Ya, we say. He get's his backpack and pulls out 2 boks of beats headphones. Cato always gets us something expensive because his family are billionaires and he likes to spoil us. "OMG, I scream. "Thank you Cato, we say and hug him. "No problem, he said then kissed both our cheeks. "Hey Rue, Peeta says then picks her up and spins her and kisses her cheek. Peeta loves Rue she is like the sister he never had but he still also loves me. He put her down and reached in his bag and pulled out 2 bags of cookies. "Yay ,we scream. Caoi then lifted up me and put me on his neck. "Ahh, I scream our more like giggled. "Cato put her down, said Katniss. "Fine. He put me down and then lifted Rue up and put her on his back. "Come on guys, we here Johanna scream. "K, Katniss screams. "Bye Girls, said Cato and Peeta. Before leaving Peeta hugged me and kissed Rue's cheek as did Cato. We then kissed there cheeks to and they got up and ran back to his friends right before Cato slapped Brandon up side his head. Peeta's POV Good I love Rue she is like my little sister I never had besides Prim. I met Rue when Prim had her over one time. The minute she saw me she swallowed me in a hug. She did that every time I came over. I also was her first crush. I bring them cookies every morning or afternoon it matters when I see them I do that because I want to be nice and a whole bunch of extra