Disclaimer: I do not own any characters used in this story, all recognizable names, locations, and characters are property of the wonderful JK Rowling, who was lovely enough to bless us with the Harry Potter books to become obsessed with as I have. Summary: My take on what would happen if Mr. Weasley found out that Harry was abused. One-shot. Set in the summer between GoF and OotP. A/N: In my opinion, there are far too little Arthur/Harry fics on the Internet. While I usually occupy myself with Remus/Harry fics, I decided that the time was ripe for a good ole Arthur/Harry father/son bonding fic. Of course, I had to throw in some abuse on the Dursley's side, because I've always wanted to see more of Arthur's protective side, since we always see Molly's instead (not that I don't absolutely love Molly being a protective mother hen. Sometimes you just gotten see that forgotten fatherly rage, though.) Enjoy, and please leave a review if you liked it! ….. The Eighth Weasley Child …. "Oh, hello, Mr. Weasley!" Harry exclaimed. He had been at the Burrow for a week now, but Arthur was always working early in the morning and late at night, so Harry hadn't seen him. "Hello, Harry! How are you?" Arthur replied enthusiastically. Harry, ever conscious of the bruises covering his ribs and the welts crisscrossing his back, paused before answering. "I'm fine, sir. You?" Arthur's eyes swept over Harry for a moment before answering. Being a father, and a Ministry worker, he easily detected the pause. "I'm fine, Harry. How was your summer?" Arthur inquired. "Same as usual." Harry answered honestly "I'm glad to be here though. My relatives don't like me much." "Then they don't know you very well." Arthur replied. Harry smiled. "Thank you, Mr. Weasley." He got up and left the room, intending to take a shower. ….. Ugh, this looks bad. This looks really bad. It's been a week since I left Privet Drive, how are the bruises still so…purple? Harry thought as he looked at himself in Ron's ceiling-to-floor mirror. After he had taken a shower, he had rushed into Ron's room because he had forgotten a shirt. Now he just stood, staring at the purple bruises covering his ribcage, which is something he had been avoiding since he left Privet Drive. It looked really bad. Just as he went to grab a shirt and put it on, the doorknob rattled and Arthur walked in, looking at the floor. "Ron, your mother wants you to…" he stopped mid-sentence when he saw Harry. Harry, on his part, had stopped mid-step when Arthur had walked in, hand outstretched for a shirt. He looked like a deer in headlights. "Wha…?" Arthur began. As soon as Harry got his bearings, he snatched up the shirt he had been reaching for and tried to hastily pull it over his head. He was stopped by a hand on his arm. "Harry…" Arthur started again. "Mr. Weasley, it's not…" "What it looks like." Arthur interrupted. He gently pulled the shirt out of Harry's hands and set it on his cot bed. Worry etched into every inch of his face, Arthur started examining Harry's ribs. He had yet to see his back. "Harry, what…?" he started again. He began thinking back to their previous conversation. "Same as usual." "What, sir?" Harry asked, still rather jumpy. Arthur gently touched one of the larger bruises covering Harry's ribs, causing him to flinch violently. "This morning, you said your summer was the same as usual. And you paused when I asked how you were. Why have you never told us?" Arthur seemed a bit hurt. "I didn't want to bother any of you, I have to go back..." Harry started to explain. "We would have wanted to know. This is…" Arthur seemed unable to come up with a word to describe how horrible the sight of Harry's bruised and beaten body was. Arthur slowly made his way around Harry to look at his back. Harry heard a sharp intake of breath. "How…" Arthur started. He seemed unable to finish a sentence. He gently touched the largest of the welts on Harry's back, causing him to flinch away a bit. "I'm sorry…" Arthur started to apologize. "You're fine, Mr. Weasley." After a moment of gently touching Harry's back, Arthur came around to face him, a look of disbelief on his face. To stop Arthur from openly staring at his bruises, Harry grabbed the shirt off the bed and, very carefully, pulled it on, covering his welts and bruises. After a moment, Arthur dropped his head into his hands. Harry moved closer to him and placed a hand on his arm. "Mr. Weasley…" he started. Before he could finish, Arthur looked up and enveloped Harry in a strong hug, being careful of the welts on his back. Taken aback, Harry hugged Arthur back, just as tightly. Arthur didn't let go for a very long time. When he finally pulled, back, he sat on Ron's bed, motioning for Harry to sit on his own. Harry complied. "Harry, you should have told someone. You could have told one of us, or Sirius, or Remus, or Dumbledore. We would have helped instantly." Arthur sighed. He dropped his head back into his hands. "There was no point, Mr. Weasley. I would have had to go back anyway. The only reason I'm protected, or the Dursleys are protected, is because of the blood wards surrounding the house. I have to go back to protect both myself and my relatives." Harry responded. "And you guys, for that matter. Me staying here is dangerous, and it'd be even more dangerous if I was here the whole summer. "We could have found a way of protecting them and you without forcing you to return there to be abused every summer." Arthur replied. "Too much trouble. I wouldn't have wanted to cause you guys even more trouble than I already do." Harry stated. "It doesn't matter, Harry. Just because it would have been a little extra work doesn't mean it wouldn't be worth it. We most certainly wouldn't put you in harm's way just to save us a few hours." "I disagree. I probably deserve to be smacked around a bit anyway…" Harry started. "Don't say that. Ever. First of all, you aren't just smacked around a bit. Your entire ribcage is purple, after you've been here a week, no less, and your back is completely covered in welts and belt buckle marks. Second, even if you were just smacked around a bit, that wouldn't mean you deserved it. Nobody deserves to be abused by people that are supposed to care for them." Arthur interrupted, lifting his head out of his hands. "I'm not abused, Mr. Weasley." "Then what do you call it, Harry?" "Punishment. I'm worthless, I deserve it." Arthur stared at Harry in disbelief for a few moments before replying. "Punishment." He repeated, his mouth hanging open slightly. He rubbed his face in a tired manner before continuing. "Harry, let me start by saying you are not worthless. And I don't mean that in respects to the war against You-Know-Who. As a person, you are worth something to many people. Me, Molly, my kids, Hermione, Sirius, Remus, Dumbledore, McGonagall…I could go on. People care about you. That makes you far from worthless. "Also, this is abuse. Punishment would maybe, maybe be a swat on the arse once in a while. Abuse is when you are whipped by a belt repeatedly, and hit and kicked so many times that your entire ribcage is purple a week after you left the house where it happened. I can only imagine what it looked like a week ago." Arthur sighed and rubbed his face again before standing and making his way toward the door. "Please don't tell anyone, Mr. Weasley…" Harry started to protest. "I have no choice, Harry. We must punish your uncle for this." Arthur replied. "I never said it was my uncle." Harry argued hurriedly. "No, you didn't. And I'm sure some of those bruises around your ribs probably came from your cousin. Regardless, I'm not stupid, Harry. The Order had you under careful supervision. The only place where you could have had that happen to you without us finding out would be in that house. And I doubt your cousin would whip you with a belt, and your aunt wouldn't have the strength to cause welts as bad as yours. Therefore, I deduce your uncle is the one who beats you. If I'm wrong feel free to contradict me, Harry." Arthur responded. Harry realized Arthur had him there. "Who are you going to tell?" he asked worriedly. "Everyone who needs to know. Molly, Sirius, Remus, Dumbledore, McGonagall, and Snape." Arthur replied. "NO! Sir, please, don't tell Dumbledore! Or Snape and McGonagall for that matter." Harry pleaded. "Why not, Harry?" Arthur questioned. "Well, sir…I just figure…him being Dumbledore and all…he would have to already know about it. I mean, he's Dumbledore. And if you tell McGonagall and Snape, it's bound to get back to him. I don't think I could live with the knowledge that he knew my uncle hit me and continued to let me go back every summer." Harry answered honestly. "I assure you, Harry, he had no idea. If he did, he would have had you out of there in an instant. He cares about you just as much as Sirius, Remus, and us. He wouldn't have kept you there if he knew your uncle constantly beat you." Harry saw anger flash across Arthur's face when he said the last few words. 'And in any case, he must be made aware of the situation. I'm sorry, Harry." ….. "WHAT?!" Nobody in the room, not Arthur, not Molly, not Sirius, not Remus, not McGonagall, not even Snape, had heard such a sound come from Dumbledore. All seven of them had just watched Arthur's memory of catching Harry looking in the mirror in Dumbledore's Pensieve. While everyone was obviously angry, nothing compared to Dumbledore. McGonagall was shaking, her hands balled up in fists at her sides. Molly was crying, her face in Arthur's shoulder. Both Sirius and Remus were pacing up and down the length of the office, murderous looks upon their faces. Snape was much calmer than the rest of them, but his façade was slipping, and he had a look of cold fury etched upon his face, his usual cold look giving way to a slight snarl. His hands were also bunched up in fists at his sides. Dumbledore, however, looked slightly mad. He was shaking, but so was the atmosphere around him. Magic, and powerful magic, at that, was seeping out of him, out of control. Thing around the room began to shake, and Dumbledore, teeth bared in the scariest snarl any of them had seen, was none the wiser. Snape was the first to notice what was going on and to perceive the potential danger they could all be in if Dumbledore lost total control of his magic. "Headmaster…" he warned. Dumbledore noticed this, and began to notice the many things shaking around the room. With a huge effort, Dumbledore reigned in his magic so they, along with his possessions, were no longer in danger. He leaned forward and gripped his desk until his knuckles were white. "Headmaster, calm yourself. We will not be able to do anything about it if you are on the verge of hexing every pigeon that flies within one hundred feet of you. You need to calm down before we do anything. " Snape barked. "You're right, Severus." Dumbledore took several calming breaths before continuing. "We will go to Privet Drive and…discuss things with Vernon Dursley and his wife. Though I'm sure some of those bruises on Harry's ribs were caused by his cousin, Dudley was probably encouraged by his mother and father to hurt Harry. He did not know any better, therefore