Disclaimer: I do not own any characters used in this story, all recognizable names, locations, and characters are property of the wonderful JK Rowling, who was lovely enough to bless us with the Harry Potter books to become obsessed with as I have. (The italics at the beginning of the story are quoted from Order of the Phoenix. My story starts when the italics end, but they were necessary to set up the plotline.) Summary: AU fifth-year. After McGonagall takes point from Harry for getting yet another week's worth of detentions in the second week of school, she overhears him say "She's taken points off Gryffindor because I'm getting my hand sliced open every night!" and questions him about it. Harry's a bit OOC. Complete. … Blood Quill … Chapter 1 ….. " Miss Johnson, how dare you make such a racket in the Great Hall! Five points from Gryffindor!" " But Professor — he's gone and landed himself in detention again —" " What's this, Potter?" said Professor McGonagall sharply, rounding on Harry. "Detention? From whom?" " From Professor Umbridge," muttered Harry, not meeting Professor McGonagall's beady, square-framed eyes. " Are you telling me," she said, lowering her voice so that the group of curious Ravenclaws behind them could not hear, "that after the warning I gave you last Monday you lost your temper in Professor Umbridge's class again?" " Yes," Harry muttered, speaking to the floor. " Potter, you must get a grip on yourself! You are heading for serious trouble! Another five points from Gryffindor!" " But — what? Professor, no!" Harry said, furious at this injustice. "I'm already being punished by her, why do you have to take points as well?" " Because detentions do not appear to have any effect on you whatsoever!" said Professor McGonagall tartly. "No, not another word of complaint, Potter! And as for you, Miss Johnson, you will confine your shouting matches to the Quidditch pitch in future or risk losing the team Captaincy!" She strode back toward the staff table. Angelina gave Harry a look of deepest disgust and stalked away, upon which Harry flung himself onto the bench beside Ron, fuming. " She's taken points off Gryffindor because I'm having my hand sliced open every night! How is that fair, how?" "What did you just say Potter?" McGonagall whipped around, her eyes ablaze. "I said many different things, Professor. To which are you referring to?" Harry asked, sarcasm dripping from his words. McGonagall's eyes narrowed, then swiftly glanced down at Harry's hand, but the sleeve of his robe was covering it. "My office. Now." "But what about my classes, Professor?" Harry asked. "You will be excused." McGonagall replied curtly. She then turned swiftly and marched out of the Great Hall, Harry in her wake. He shot a worried look over his shoulder at Ron and Hermione before making his way out of the hall. Once Harry entered her office, McGonagall shot a spell at the door, causing it to slam shut and lock. "I'm not going to beat around the bush, Potter. Explain what you meant by that statement in the Great Hall." McGonagall snapped. She was standing behind her desk with her arms crossed. She looked very stern indeed. "Which statement, Professor?" Harry asked sardonically. "Don't play games with me, Potter! What did you mean when you said, 'She's taken points off Gryffindor because I'm having my hand sliced open every night!'?" "I meant I thought it unfair that you were taking points from me when I was already dealing with detentions from Umbridge." Harry responded. "I figured that much, Potter. What did you mean by 'I'm having my hand sliced open every night,'?" McGonagall replied curtly. "Er…" "Hand, Potter. Let me see your hand." McGonagall snapped, coming out from behind her desk and holding her hand out. Harry reached his left hand out to her. She grabbed it and pulled up his sleeve. She sighed, a slight note of anger apparent within it. "I should have figured. The other one, Potter. You can't fool me." "No really, Professor, I didn't mean anything by it. I was just angry. There's nothing wrong with my hand." Harry stuttered hurriedly. "Your hand, Potter!" McGonagall cut across him sharply. Harry sighed and held his right hand out for McGonagall to take, waiting for the explosion that was bound to happen. McGonagall studied Harry's worried expression for a moment before taking hold of his hand. She heard a sharp intake of breath from Harry. Figuring it hurt, for some unknown reason, she let go and simply placed his hand in hers, careful not to touch the back of it. She then grabbed ahold of his sleeve and pulled it up. Harry knew she would be angry, but he was not prepared for McGonagall's reaction to the cuts on the back of his hand caused by Umbridge's special quill. "I must not tell…WHAT?! HOW DID THIS GET ON THE BACK OF YOUR HAND, HARRY?!" McGonagall screamed. "Um…well…" Harry stuttered. "THAT EVIL TOAD! HOW DARE SHE DO THIS TO ONE OF MY STUDENTS! HOW DID THIS HAPPEN, HARRY?! ANSWER ME!" She continued to scream. Harry tried to tug his hand away from hers but she grabbed hold, causing him to wince in pain. McGonagall was physically shaking with rage, but that didn't stop her from noticing Harry's wince and his sharp intake of breath, causing her to immediately let go of his hand. "I'm so sorry, Harry, I didn't mean to hurt you. I shouldn't have lost control like that, I apologize. Please, have a seat." She gestured to one of the chairs that sat in front of her desk. Still shaken by her outburst, Harry sat. he was not used to his calm, collected Head of House losing control like that. Instead of sitting behind her desk like usual, McGonagall sat in the seat next to Harry. "Harry, may I see your hand again. I promise I won't grab it like I did earlier. I did not mean to hurt you." She seemed unsure when she said this, as if she was afraid of being rejected. Harry, having complete trust in his Head of House, obediently held out his hand and set it atop hers. While he had never wanted any of the staff members to find out about his detentions, he figured she had already seen, so there was no point in denying her the opportunity of looking at his hand again. She gently pulled up his sleeve again and examined his hand. This time, though Harry could see rage burning in her eyes, she did not start yelling, she just calmly examined his cut up, and swollen hand. After a few moments of silence, McGonagall let go of his hand and looked up. She sighed. "Harry, can you explain to me exactly how those cuts got on the back of your hand?" She asked quietly. "Professor, it's no big deal, honestly. I don't care. Just let it be." Harry responded, with as must respect as he could imply. "Harry, I can't help you if you don't tell me what happened. What's going on?" McGonagall replied, anger, once again, starting to color her words. "I don't need help Professor, just let it be. Please." Harry pleaded. "No, Potter. I will not allow a student in this school, especially one of my Gryffindors, be harmed in this manner. I don't care if it was a student, a professor, or the Minister for Magic himself that did it. I will not tolerate this. Now what happened?" McGonagall became her stern self once again, but Harry could see the care and anger burning in her eyes, and could hear the sadness and hurt underlying the stern tone. Harry sighed. "Well, Professor. It's my detentions with Umbridge. She has this…uh…special quill she makes me write lines with. Every time I write 'I must not tell lies' it's etched into the back of my hand. It used to heal, but I've written so many lines now that it no longer heals, the words stay and they bleed long into the night. Hermione has given me essence of murtlap to soothe the pain but it doesn't make the words go away. I don't think they ever will now. But I don't want you to get involved and risk your career, Professor. I'm not worth it." Harry explained. McGonagall sat quietly through the whole explanation. She stayed silent, and deadly calm, but Harry could see that she was getting angrier by the second. He could tell by her eyes. Even though McGonagall could hide her emotions extremely well from her face, she had always been able to do this exceptionally well, her eyes always conveyed all. Not unlike Dumbledore. However, when Harry started asking her not to get involved and saying he wasn't worth the effort, she cut him off. "Stop, Harry. I will not allow you to demean yourself simply because the Ministry and that evil toad decided they didn't like you. It's very hard not to like you, believe it or not. Do not say you are not worth me risking my career to help, because you are. Very much so." Harry could still see that McGonagall's blood was boiling, however she stayed very calm through her little speech. "She…" McGonagall started to say, but she seemed so overwhelmed with anger that she could not get the words out. After a moment of struggling to control her rage, she continued. "She used a blood quill on you, Harry." She finished. She seemed to want to continue, but she was unable to, she was seething. "I'm…I'm not really sure what that is, Professor. In any case, I can handle it. No problem. Thank you for your concern, but it's all right, really." Harry made to leave, but was stopped when McGonagall laid a hand on his arm. "Stop. I am quite aware that you can handle this, Harry. Merlin knows you've handled a lot more. What with You-Know-Who torturing you last year…" she started. She paused for a moment to regain her composer. "However, what she made you use to write your lines – a blood quill – is extremely illegal. Even the Minister himself will not be able to get her out of punishment. She may not have to go to Azkaban, because of the Minister ," She put so much venom in the word "Minister" that Harry was visibly taken aback, "However she will most certainly lose her post here at Hogwarts. We must go see the Headmaster." "No!" Harry tugged his arm out of her grip. "Honestly, Professor, we don't need to bother Professor Dumbledore with this. He doesn't need to know. I'm fine." He made to leave again. "Harry, he must be made aware of this. It is not up to you. Follow me." And with that McGonagall swept from her office into the corridor. Knowing he had no choice, though he desperately wanted to go to class, for the first time in his life, rather than go to the Headmaster's office, Harry followed. "Professor, really. Does he really need to know?" Harry pleaded desperately. "Yes, Potter. Do you know of anyone else who has been made to use a blood quill by Professor Umbridge?" she asked, still visibly seething. He all but spat out the word "professor." She seemed to have calmed down a bit, but she was still extremely angry. "Um…well…yes, Professor. I know that Lee Jordan has been made to use the quill to write lines, as well as a few others. But still..." Harry replied. He was still desperately trying to avoid going to Dumbledore's office. "Enough, Potter. We're going. As far as I know, only Professor Dumbledore is in his office currently, but he may want to call in the other Heads of Houses, to make them aware of the situation, as well as Madam Pomfrey, to attend to your hand. No arguments. You are to tell him exactly