Disclaimer: I do not own any characters used in this story, all recognizable names, locations, and characters are property of the wonderful JK Rowling, who was lovely enough to bless us with the Harry Potter books to become obsessed with as I have. Summary: After Remus attacks Harry in Grimmauld Place, he realizes what he's done, and comes back right away to make sure Harry is okay. He heals Harry and tries to leave, but Harry tries to stop him and talk to him, causing Remus to take a few minutes to himself in Sirius's room. Harry goes up there to try to talk to Remus again and finds things out about him that nobody had found out about before. This is similar to my story "I Don't Know What I'd Do Without You" but with some stuff added in. One-Shot, set in Deathly Hallows. Slightly OOC Remus. AU because Harry reveals he's abused. Rated M for mature content that should not be read by anyone who is not a teenager or up, though it is nothing sexual. … Even the Strong Can be Weak … "' I'd never have believed this,' Harry said. 'The man who taught me to fight dementors – a coward.' " Lupin drew his wand so fast that Harry had barely reached for his own; there was a loud bang and he felt himself flying backward as if punched; as he slammed into the kitchen wall and slid to the floor, he glimpsed the tail of Lupin's cloak disappearing around the door" Harry closed his eyes in a grimace and reached up to feel the back of his head. There was a knot the size of a golf ball forming there, and his hair was sticky with blood. It seemed that Lupin was very powerful when he was angry. Harry was already starting to hate himself for what he had said to Lupin. He didn't think him a coward, but he knew that saying those things to Lupin was the only way to get him to go back to Tonks and the baby. Harry gingerly made his way to his feet, using the kitchen table to steady himself. He had hit the wall quite hard, and he was pretty dizzy. He looked up at the kitchen door, expecting to see Ron and Hermione standing there, mad at him for what he said. The sight that met his eyes, however, couldn't be farther from what he expected. Lupin was standing in the kitchen doorway, ghostly pale, with a horrified look on his face. Through his grimace, Harry looked over to Ron and Hermione, who were a little way away from Lupin, and gave them a look asking them to give Lupin and him some space. Hermione immediately grabbed Ron by the shirt sleeve and led him out of the kitchen. Harry could hear her marching up the stairs, and soon after heard her and Ron's bedroom door close. Harry then turned to Lupin. "Remus? I thought you had left?" He asked, his hand still to the back of his head. Lupin didn't say anything, he just stared at Harry with a horrified expression on his face. "I'm all right, honest." Harry pulled his hand away from his head and made toward Lupin, but he stumbled and had to catch himself on one of the kitchen chairs. Lupin rushed forward to help, but stopped a few feet short, uncertain as to whether Harry would want to be near him. He felt sick to his stomach with what he had done to Harry. "It's all right Remus, you can come here." Harry reassured him. "A-are you-" Lupin started uncertainly. "Yes, I'm sure Remus, come here." Harry interrupted. Lupin cautiously made his way over to Harry. He grabbed his arm to hold him steady and moved to Harry's side, looked at the spot where his head had hit the wall. He reached up and touched the bump, making Harry wince. Lupin jumped back as if electrocuted. "I'm sorry Harry, if you don't want to be near me I-" Lupin started frantically. "You're fine Remus, it just hurts a lot. It's nothing like that, I promise." Harry cut him off. Lupin slowly made his way back over to Harry, more cautiously than before, as if afraid Harry would run away from him. He made his way behind Harry and looked at the bump closely. "Oh Merlin, I can't believe I did this…" Lupin muttered under his breath. If his mouth hadn't been near Harry's ear at the time, he wouldn't have heard him. "Remus, really, I'm fine." Harry reassured him. Lupin just shook his head in disbelief and pulled out his wand, making Harry flinch a bit. Lupin's shoulders slumped and he sighed the saddest sigh Harry had ever heard. He waved his wand and fixed Harry's head, making him feel instantly better. He then cleaned the blood out of Harry's hair with another wave of his wand. After this, he slipped his wand back up his sleeve and back away from Harry. "Harry I…I can't tell you how sorry I am…" Lupin's voice cracked. Harry tried to interrupt, but Lupin put his hand up to stop him. "If you never want to see me again I completely understand. Just know I'm sorry, Harry." He finished his statement and turned to leave the kitchen. "Remus, wait!" Harry called after him. Lupin didn't slow. Harry dashed forward and grabbed Lupin's hand to stop him just before he reached the door. "Hold on, you didn't give me a chance to reply. I'm not mad at you. Can we talk?" Harry pleaded. Lupin didn't turn. "Please?" Harry begged. "I won't leave the house, but I need a couple minutes alone, if that would be all right. Would it be okay if a spent a few minutes alone in Sirius's room, then you could come up and we could talk? Though I have no idea why you would want to…" Lupin replied. He still did not turn to look at Harry. "That would be fine. I'll be up in a few minutes, okay?" Harry responded. Lupin nodded and pulled his hand free of Harry's. He slowly walked out of the kitchen. Harry heard him walk up the stairs, and a few minutes later heard the door to Sirius's, now his, room open. He didn't hear it close though, so he figured Lupin must have left it cracked. Harry then had a realization: he didn't want to leave Lupin alone. He didn't want Lupin sitting up there wallowing in self-hatred and pity when he wasn't at all mad at him. With that thought in mind, Harry made his way up the stairs to his bedroom door, which, as he thought, was cracked open a bit. He sighed and softly knocked on the door once. "Remus?" without waiting for a reply, Harry opened the door the rest of the way and made his way into the room, closing and locking the door behind him. When he turned to look at Lupin, he was met by a sight that he would never be able to get out of his mind. Lupin was sitting on the edge of the bed, silent tears streaming down his face. But that's not what shocked Harry. In his right hand, Remus held a small pocket knife, and he was holding it against his left wrist. "Remus?!" Harry exclaimed. He rushed forward toward the bed, pulling his wand out of his back pocket at the same time. He flicked it behind his, putting a silencing charm on the door so Ron and Hermione wouldn't hear anything, and shoved it back in his pocket. When he reached Lupin, he realized there were no cuts on his wrist or arm, but the blade was pressing hard into Lupin's wrist, so if it slipped sideways, he could end up with a very deep and serious cut. Harry carefully reached forward and placed his left hand over Lupin's right, and over the blade. He placed his right hand on Lupin's left shoulder. "Remus, let go of the knife. Please, I'm begging you." Harry pleaded. Lupin continued to sob silently, but he did not let go of the knife. "Remus, please?" Harry continued to plead. Slowly, Lupin loosened his grip on the blade, enough for Harry to pull it out of his hand. Harry flipped it shut and shoved it into his pocket, never taking his eyes of Lupin's wrists and forearms. There were crisscrossed scars covering both wrists and forearms, ranging from thin, milky white scars to thick purple ones. There didn't seem to be any from the last few months, but Harry was still shocked. Lupin was still silently sobbing, he seemed oblivious to the fact that Harry just found out his biggest secret, bigger than his lycanthropy. "Remus…" Harry reached his now free left hand up to the back of Lupin's head and pulled him into his shoulder. He was now standing in front of the still sobbing Lupin, with one arm around his back and the other holding his head to Harry's left shoulder. He stood there for at least ten minutes before Lupin calmed down enough to stop sobbing. Harry then pulled his hand away from the back of Lupin's head and placed it and his other hand on Lupin's shoulders, gently pushing him into an upright position. "Remus…" Harry muttered. He released Lupin's shoulders and sat down next to him. Lupin was staring down at the floor. "Hey…" Harry whispered, even though he knew Ron and Hermione couldn't hear him. He placed his right hand on Lupin's left knee and continued to whisper. "Are you all right, Remus?" Lupin didn't answer. He still had both arms resting on his legs, forearms up, as if he still didn't realize he no longer had his pocket knife. "Hey…" Harry whispered again, gently shaking Lupin's knee. Lupin finally looked up at Harry, just realizing what had happened. His eyes snapped down to his arms, and he yanked his sleeves down instantly, but he knew he was too late. He remembered what had happened, that Harry had caught him and stopped him, and that he had sobbed into Harry's shoulder. He looked back down to the floor in shame. "I'm a wreck, Harry. You might as well just kick me out. I doubt you'll ever want to see me again after everything that happened today." Lupin's voice cracked as he said the last sentence. Harry shook his head and stood up. "You're wrong, Remus." He turned to face Lupin, gently taking his left arm in his hands. He slowly pushed up Lupin's sleeve to reveal the hundreds of scars crisscrossed across his forearm and wrist. Harry sighed. "How long?" He asked. It was a simple question, but it held a lot of meaning to both Harry and Lupin. To Harry, it meant finding out how long he had been failing his friend and mentor. He should have found out sooner and helped Lupin, he cared about him and didn't like seeing him this way. For Lupin, it meant revealing his biggest secret to Harry, something he hadn't told anyone, not even Sirius. "Harry…" Lupin started. "How long, Remus?" Harry asked again. He was still holding Lupin's left arm in his hands. Lupin sighed. "It started when your parents died and Sirius was sent to Azkaban. I stopped for a while when I was teaching at Hogwarts and Sirius was free. It started again after Sirius died. I just stopped again when Dora and I married." Lupin replied with an air of defeat. Harry sighed. It was worse than he thought. "Who knows?" "You." Lupin replied simply. "Nobody else?" Harry asked with shock. "Nobody." Lupin responded quietly. Harry stood in silence for a moment before dropping Lupin's arm and sitting back down next to him. His next word was so quiet Lupin, with his heightened, wolfish senses, still had to strain his ears to hear him. "Why?"