Disclaimer: I do not own any characters used in this story, all recognizable names, locations, and characters are property of the wonderful JK Rowling, who was lovely enough to bless us with the Harry Potter books to become obsessed with as I have. Summary: AU summer between fifth and sixth year. Remus visits Grimmauld Place to find a very distressed Harry involved in self-harm. They have a little talk. Hurt/comfort. Angst. Fluff. One-Shot. Rated M for scenes of self-harm, and because I'm paranoid. A/N: While this fic deals with self-harm in a semi-casual way, that doesn't mean it is ever all right to cut yourself. I can say, from personal experience, that it can seriously hurt everyone around you. I nearly had my high school principal, a very calm and collected man, in tears when he found out that I had been doing it. Though I have a lot more time under my belt than Harry with this particular issue, that doesn't mean it won't seriously upset everyone around you. If you even think about cutting yourself, I urge you to talk to someone you trust, because it is an uphill battle to stop once you start. I would know. It took me three years to stop once I started, and the only reason I stopped was because of my, previously mentioned, high school principal. Talk to someone you trust and who cares about you if you cut or have the urge to cut. It makes life a lot easier when you finally stop. ….. Cuts and Scars ….. He could feel the Cruciatus Curse ripping through his body like wildfire. Every nerve in his body was in agony, he was surely going to die. He could take this no longer, he must succumb to the pain and die. Then the pain stopped. Panting, Harry got to his hands and knees and lifted his head to look into Voldemort's scarlet eyes. " Avada Kedavra!" Now, he was in a big, sunken room with a raised dais in the middle. There was a battle raging all around him. There were flashes of light every second. People were flying, falling, being blasted away. Harry knew this place. He could see himself fighting on the dais, near where Sirius was fighting Bellatrix. Harry didn't find it odd that he was seeing himself. He had seen this many times before. While he watched, the battle was fought around him, but never once got near to him. He just stood in the same place as he did every night, watching the battle rage on. Even though it was too loud in the chamber to really hear it, Harry heard Sirius taunting Bellatrix. "Is that the best you can do?" With a flash of light, Sirius began falling. Harry watched him fall in slow motion through the veil that separated mortal life and the afterlife. He saw Remus grab ahold of him so he would not run through the veil in search of Sirius. He heard his heart-wrenching, agonizing screams as he begged Sirius to step back through the veil. The Voldemort showed up, as he always did. "Pity your dear godfather had to die. I guess he was just as pathetic and worthless as your parents, dying to protect you. Are you going to let everyone die for you, Harry?" Harry looked into Voldemort's scarlet eyes and remembered. He remembered everything that had happened, everyone who was forced to die to keep him alive… And he woke up. ….. "Harry, are you all right, mate?' Ron asked the next morning at breakfast. "I'm fine. Just didn't get a lot of sleep last night." Harry remembered his dream vividly. He had it every night, without fail. He wished for some peace, but her realized that if everyone was going to be forced to die for him, he could at least lose some sleep over it. "Harry, dear, I believe Remus might be coming around later for dinner. You'll have to join us tonight!" Mrs. Weasley called from the kitchen sink. "Thanks, Mrs. Weasley, but I doubt he'd want to see me in this state. I'm sure he would prefer to just see you lot." Harry replied. "He insisted he see you when I invited him. Go take a shower dear, and take a nap. Merlin knows you need it. We will be having stew." Mrs. Weasley responded. "Fine. I'll be in the bathroom." Harry stood and took care of his unfinished breakfast before slowly making his way upstairs. Before heading into the bathroom, he darted into Ron's room. He grabbed some clean clothes, along with his wand, watch, and pocketknife. Once he made it into the bathroom, Harry flipped the lid of the toilet seat down and sat on it, pulling his pocketknife out of his heap of clothes that he had sat on the counter. He flipped it open and looked down at the blade. It was very shiny. Harry pulled up the left sleeve of his shirt. His entire forearm was covered in crisscrossed cuts and scars ranging from thin, milky-white scars to brick red, brittle scabs to deep, crimson wounds. He looked down at his arm in disgust. How had his life come to this? He reached down and pulled the blade of his pocketknife across his wrist one, two, three times. He enjoyed watching then deep cuts fill with blood before it started trickling down his arm. He watched for a few more moments before standing and washing off his knife in the sink. He shoved the pocketknife back into his heap of clothes before getting into the shower. The hot water stung the fresh cuts on Harry's wrist, but he enjoyed it. He quickly washed his hair and body before taking his time letting the hot water run down his arm onto his wrist, stinging the new cuts. When he finished, he quickly pulled on the clothes he had brought in with him, sticking his wand in his back pocket and latching his watch around his bleeding wrist. He then sat back down on the toilet seat and pulled up both sleeves of his shirt. He didn't remember the last time he wore a short-sleeved shirt. While he could easily use a charm to cover up the cuts and scars crisscrossing his wrists and arms, he preferred to wear long sleeves. He flipped open the pocketknife and made one, two, three cuts on his other wrists. He watched the blood trickle down his arm before making a big, deep slice down his left forearm. That one bled much more than the cuts on his wrists. To finish it off, Harry made four small, deep cuts on his right forearm. Before blood could get on his clothes, Harry stood and washed his arms, wrists, and pocketknife off in the sink. He idly waved his wand to clot the cuts so they would stop bleeding before shoving the knife in his pocket and making his way out of the bathroom. While he was still an underaged wizard, he was in a magical home, therefore he could not be caught doing underaged magic. On his way downstairs, he shoved his dirty clothes in a laundry basket, making sure there was no blood on them. While he walked down the stairs, he unknowingly rubbed the large cut down his left forearm, causing it to sting. He stopped right before entering the living room. "Hey, mate. Up for a game of Quidditch?" Ron asked when Harry walked in the room. "Not today. I was going to read outside." Harry responded. "You've been reading for the last week! You're turning into bloody Hermione!" Ron exclaimed. "I'm just not in the mood for Quidditch, Ron. I want to be left alone." Harry snapped back. "Are you all right, mate?" Ron asked, concern for his friend etched across his face. "I'm fine. I'll be outside, reading." And with that, Harry turned and marched out of the room. He retrieved his book from Ron's room and made his way outside. He settled in under the crabapple tree and opened his book. He had no intention of reading. ….. "Harry?" Remus had just Apparated outside of the gate. As he made his way through, he saw Harry sitting under the crabapple tree. Harry heard the pop caused by Remus's appearance, and hastily pulled down his sleeve and shoved his knife into his pocket. He saw Remus notice his movement toward his pocket, but he didn't think he has caught what exactly he had shoved in there. "Hello, Professor." Harry responded dully. "I haven't been your professor in over two years, Harry. Please call me Remus." Remus let out an exasperated sigh. "Sorry, Remus," Harry replied. "You're here early. I thought you were coming for dinner. I only just had breakfast an hour ago." "Yes, I apologize for how early I came. I wanted to see you. To see how you were holding up." Remus sat down beside Harry, also leaning against the tree. "M'fine." Harry replied dully. Remus was not fooled. He sighed. "Harry, there is nothing wrong in admitting that you're hurting. Sirius was your godfather," Remus felt a twinge in his heart when he mentioned Sirius, "you have every right to be upset by…what happened." "No, I don't." Harry bit back. Remus was taken aback. "And why is that, Harry?" "I shouldn't be allowed to feel sad that he's gone when it's my fault that he's dead." Harry's voice broke on the last word. "What gives you the impression that it's your fault, Harry?" Remus questioned. "Voldemort sent me that vision to lure me there. If I had learned Occlumency like I was supposed to then he wouldn't have been able to lure me there and Sirius would still be alive." Harry responded angrily. "True, Harry. While you learning Occlumency could have possibly prevented the situation happening when it did, I assure you that it would have happened eventually. Voldemort would have found another way to get you to the Hall of Prophecies." Remus responded calmly. Harry hung his head. Even Remus blamed him for Sirius's death. He was itching to cut. "However," Remus continued, "That doesn't make this your fault. Bellatrix killed Sirius, nobody else. Blaming yourself does nobody good, especially when you're the only one doing so. I don't blame you, and neither does anybody else." Remus sat silently for a moment, collecting his thoughts, before continuing. "And Sirius died the way he would have wanted to. He would have wanted to go fighting in a duel, especially if it meant protecting you. He cared for you so much, Harry." Remus finished. "Thanks." Harry started itching at his fresh cuts, which were starting to bleed through his sleeve. He hadn't had time to clot them before Remus showed up. "It's no problem, Harry, though I doubt you believe me. You will in time, I trust." Remus looked down and saw Harry scratching at his arm. He also saw blood seeping through the sleeve… He quickly snatched Harry's hand away from his arm and grabbed the bleeding one, all in one fluid movement. Before Harry had the time to protest, Remus had yanked up the sleeve of his shirt, revealing all his cuts and scars, ranging from the ones from the night of Sirius's death to the ones that he had inflicted just moments before Remus's appearance at the gate. Harry didn't want to see the look on Remus's face when he comprehended what had happened, so he hastily turned away, but not before catching the saddest look he had ever seen blight Remus's usually handsome features. Remus didn't say anything as he quietly healed the five bleeding cuts on Harry's wrist and arm. Being a werewolf, he was quite good at healing cuts and scrapes. "Are there any more?" Remus asked quietly. Harry's heart broke when he heard the sadness in his voice. Harry nodded and gently lifted his other arm so Remus could examine it. Though