Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight Saga or any of the characters mentioned. This is my take on Breaking Dawn from Renesmee's point of view. Any plot outside of the original storyline is of my own concoction. Please, please, please leave me feedback as this is my first fanfic and I am eager for your responses. If this is taken well, I will happily continue adding to the story. Enjoy. 1. Saying Hello. "One more day," Spoke the muffled voice of the one that harbored me. A patting sound followed soon after and caught me by surprise, causing me to jerk. Flailing my arm to the left, I could feel yet another tremble rock through my mothers womb as my movements jarred at her ribs. Instantly, I froze not wanting to cause my mother any more harm. I was stronger than she was and I had to remind myself to be careful not to hurt her. She was my mother and I loved her, just as I could feel that she loved me. Adoration oozed from every inch of me as I listened to the conversation which surrounded me. There was nothing that I enjoyed more than the sound of my mothers voice, each velvety syllable acting as my own personal lullaby and coaxing me closer and closer to sleep. Sleep: This was one daily occurrence that both perplexed and frustrated me. How could I be sure to keep my mother safe if I were asleep and unaware? What if I were to turn wrong and break another of her fragile ribs? I loved my mother - The last thing I wanted to do was cause her pain. With a sharp crack, all of my thoughts of sleep were removed and replaced with a gnawing fear which was only deepened with my mothers pain-filled gasp which was soon replaced with a blood-curdling shriek of agony. Something was terribly wrong. With her body's contortions, I found myself mixed inside of a web of organs and unable to break free. Frantic to escape, I slashed and bit and attempted to claw my way out but only seemed to be getting more and more tangled. Then I couldn't breathe. In the seconds to follow, the worried cries and muffled hisses became less and less noticeable as my surrounding began to fade. What once had been my mothers womb, warm and comforting, seemed to have transformed into this black, ominous space that refused to release me from it's grips. Determined to make it out of the darkness I kicked and thrashed, using every appendage I could convince to move in attempts to find my way back. My mother was in trouble, she needed me to protect her. I could not protect her while I was stuck in here. That was when the loudest of all of the cracks echoed through the darkness. I had broken something else, something that was not meant to ever be broken. "Her spine," Choked out a familiar musical voice just before a loud tearing sound broke through the darkness and let in the light. "Renesmee." Blinking repeatedly, I attempted to remove the mucus and blood from my eyes. I was being moved again, but this time I didn't mind. "Renes. . . mee. So . . . beautiful." I could feel my mothers warm skin against mine, hear her weak heartbeat, smell her intoxicating and welcoming scent. . . taste her warm blood. As soon as my teeth grazed her delicate skin, I knew that I had done something wrong because I was instantly pulled away from my mothers arms and I was being scolded by the musical voice before being handed off to another set of cold hands. As I was taken down stairs, I found myself surrounded by a group of the most beautiful faces. None of course compared to the beauty of my mother, but all were mesmerizing and seemed more that excited with my presence. A mixture of coos left each set of perfect lips as I was swaddled in something warm and wiped the sticky blood from my small frame. I could still smell the blood and my mouth watered from thirst. Thankfully, the one that held me also held a bottle. The blood was warm on my lips and I could feel as it moved through my body, warming each limb. As my hunger decreased, the world around me seemed to brighten. Colors became more vibrant, each sound caught my attention, and every smell sparked my curiosity. One smell, in-particular captivated my every thought. This smell was familiar: a mixture of rain, the ocean, and sweat. As the blond lifted me into the air to nuzzle against my cheek, I could finally spot the one that I smelled. He was tall and dark, much different than the others that I had seen during my short time away from my mother. His large body, which seemed to had been vibrating, stopped moving all together as he came to some realization and something inside of me clicked and I knew that this man and all of this magical smell belonged to me. "Renesmee.." The large man breathed, his voice seeming far too soft to come from someone his size. Instantly, I was acutely aware of the steel that formed in the one that held me with the recognition of the wonderfully scented one just a few feet away. The blonde curled her arm around me and turned her body so that I could no longer see him as she voiced something in a tone that made me squirm with unease. "Get out of here, Dog ," Hissed the one who's arms held me captive, sending an uneasy shiver through my small frame. What was she doing? She couldn't send him away. "Rosalie, please. I'm not going to hurt her." The obvious change in the blonde's stature told me of her unease and concern as a shuffeling sound brought the smell the slightest bit closer. Turning my attention to Rosalie's face once more, I witnessed a war within her golden eyes, something the stranger with the magnificent scent having taken her by surprise. With her defense wavering, her body turned the slightest bit and my heart rejoiced when a set of dark features were visible once more. " Please ," My wide eyes never left the one before me as I watched a tidal wave of emotions rock through his large build. I was amazed by the gentleness of his voice as he spoke, pleading with the one that held me, then the look of heartbreak which seemed to captivate his features with her hissing disapproval. His eyes, the warmest color of brown soon became clouded with utter despair. It didn't take long for me to decide that his unhappiness was not tolerable. My pink lips formed a soft 'O' before puckering slightly when I found myself unable to create words as easily as those around me seemed to. I squirmed slightly in the clothes that I had been changed into, them already feeling rather snug around certain areas, until I managed to free my hands and becoming more and more frustrated with every passing second. Removing my eyes from the mysterious man with the magical scent, I placed one of my hands at the base of the blonds neck. Willing all of my frustrations forward, I tried to the best of my abilities to explain to this woman that, though this man was otherwise a stranger to me, there was no harm. He was safe and I wanted him. Over and over again, I replayed the scenario in my head: The sadness in his eyes, the craving that I felt to be closer, A feeling that I had yet to discover for anyone else outside of my mother. I remembered his scent and how it sang to my every blood cell as if it were a skilled musician and I the awe-stricken audience. "Jacob?" My eyes flashed to her golden eyes as she spoke to no one in particular. Pressing my thoughts forward again, those same garnet colored eyes widened before turning to the man then back to me. I did my best to nod my head before moving my hand from her cold skin and stretching it towards the one that she had called Jacob. Jacob. I ran the name through my mind a hundred times, making sure that it was imbedded into my memory along with his beautiful face and intoxicating scent as I was finally transferred from one set of arms to another. The blond quickly rushed out the back of the large, brightly lit home and began to dial into a small silver phone. Her tone was shocked and confused as she explained how I had persuaded her to whomever listened on the other line but I didn't care. Finally, I was in the arms of Jacob. My Jacob. My tiny nose wiggled as I inhaled his sweet scent, Even his warmth had the smell of sunshine and made my mouth water. Nuzzling into the warmth of his chest, I curled tightly against his massive frame - perfectly content where I lay, cradled in his warm and protective embrace. Wrapping my hand against his large thumb, I pushed forth all of the thoughts and memories that I could manage. From the very first thoughts of confusion in my mothers womb to the current string of colors and scents. I showed him every thing; I wanted him to know, and see, everything the way that I had. My erratic, hummingbird-like heartbeat didn't seem as loud now as it had in my mothers womb. In comparison to the slow, weak, heartbeat of my mother, mine seemed to work at nearly triple the speed. But here in Jacob's arms, with his strong and steady heartbeat acting as my lullaby, my hearts pace didn't seem quite so unusual. Though their tempos were still slightly off, it gave me even more certainty that this man, my Jacob, was meant especially for me and me alone. I jumped in surprise as Jacobs warm thumb was jerked from my grip shortly after it had been placed between my pink lips and pricked by the sharp, pointed edges of my milky white teeth. Confusion painted across my tiny features as I stared up into his russet face with a perplexed expression. I had done something wrong; I knew enough from my mothers quiet scolds when I would accidentally bumped into her rib cage to know when I had done something that I shouldn't have. Only this time, I wasn't sure what, exactly, I had done that was wrong. He tasted good, much better than that salty mess that I had been fed earlier. He had a sweet taste - like warm, melted, sugar on my tongue - and almost tasted as delicious as he smelled. A small pout creased my forehead when his thumb was replaced with the rubbery nipple of the bottle and more of the salty blood filled my mouth. Never the less, I placed my hands on either side of the small, metal bottle and practically inhaled the sticky substance. Only partially aware of the conversation that was taking place around me, my dark chocolate eyes shifted between Jacob and a much smaller, spiky haired woman who had appeared just after I had been placed in My Jacob's arms. She found something highly amusing as she moved her golden eyes from Jacob to myself. When she smiled, I did my best to mimic her actions though I found it to be fairly difficult to do so without removing the bottle. "Edward is going to kill you, Jacob Black," She said, her words taking on a mater-of-fact approach as she traced cool fingertips down my cheek. Instantly, I looked back to Jacob with a look of concern from this woman's words. Why anyone would ever dream of hurting someone with such a magical scent and taste