A/N: A sequel to 'A day in the life of Harry Potter'. I wanted to do the dinner. The idea has been hanging around with me for some time, so I thought I'd write it. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. If I owned it, Harry and Luna would have happened, Hermione and Draco would have found each other and Remus and Sirius would have been a couple. An Evening in The Life of Harry Potter Harry sat at his breakfast table and nibbled on a crumpet. It was one o'clock in the afternoon and Harry had only just woken up some ten minutes ago. He loved being able to sleep in, and considering the past few days that he had, he was damn well entitled to the sleep in. If anyone told him otherwise, he'd hex them to next Sunday. He looked over to the paper and saw an article about Ron and his latest girlfriend. He wondered if reporters really didn't have anything else to write about. He reached for his cup of tea and relished in the fact that the papers weren't writing about him for the moment. Apparently, Ron's position in the Cannons team warranted twenty-four-hour surveillance. He wondered how Ron felt about the whole thing. Then again, Ron probably enjoyed being in the lime light. He glanced up at the sound of someone walking into his kitchen. He smiled as a tousle-haired Lucius Malfoy walked to the kettle on the stove top. The man aimed his wand at the kettle and the appliance let out a shrieking whistle as the water boiled. Harry then watched the man prepare himself a cup of tea. If someone had told him years ago, that at some point in his life he would witness the Elder Malfoy being domestic, he would have laughed at them. Actually, he probably still would laugh at them because the mere idea was hilarious, the sight even more so. After the events at Grimmauld Place, Harry had taken Lucius back to his flat where the two had proceeded to get completely sloshed. Snape had taken his leave as soon as he was able, which had not bothered Harry one bit. He had amazingly enough, enjoyed getting Drunk with Lucius, so much so, that he had taken a few more days off work to continue to do so. His work hadn't minded one bit and had been happy for him to finally take some time off- Harry knew there would be a tonne of paper work waiting for him though. He jumped out of his thoughts at the sound of Lucius hissing in pain. He looked up and had to hide a smile as the Elder Malfoy limped to the table. Apparently, the man had hit the corner of the cupboard that tormented Harry so much. It was nice to know that he was not the only one who did that. "I can see, and hear, you enjoying my pain Mister Potter." Lucius glared as he set his cup down. Harry chuckled. "You would laugh at me too." He said simply. Lucius' lips twitched and he took a sip of his tea. "Your friend, Mr. Weasley has certainly made an impression on the quidditch community." Harry suspected that the man was trying to sway the conversation away from his pain so he went along with it. "Yeah, it's a shame he left Robyn though, she was a nice girl. I hope this new one's alright." He gestured to the blonde in the photo beside Ron. Lucius made a sound and went back to drinking his tea. Harry watched him for a few moments before he decided to address the elephant that had been staying in his house for two days. Not that he minded. Lucius was surprisingly good company and Harry found that he was enjoying himself with the man. But there were Elephants that needed addressing, and the longer left, the larger the elephant got. "So, I've organised for us to go to dinner at Grimmauld place tonight." The drop in temperature was instantaneous. So much so that Harry wondered if the other man had used wandless magic to chill the room for dramatic effect. It would not have surprised him. "Have you Mister Potter?" Lucius' words with icy and his lips were thin. Harry almost swore that he could see smoke sneaking out of the other's mouth and an aura of flames behind the Malfoy. "Why would you feel the need to involve yourself in my personal affairs in such a manner?" Harry snorted. "Mister Malfoy, you've been staying here for two days now." He sipped his tea. "And while I personally really enjoy getting drunk and playing card games with you, there are things that you need to sort out with your son and Remus." Lucius opened his mouth to say something and Harry raised his hand to still the man. "I'll go with you as support- unless you'd like to try and persuade Snape to go with you. No? I didn't think so. We're going tonight at six p.m sharp and that's all I want to hear about it." He went back to reading his paper. Harry could feel the imaginary daggers piercing his skin as Lucius glared at him. A smile tugged at his lips. He could hardly feel any care for the others suffering. And when an enchanted paper plane crash landed into his head, he put the fire out and laughed at his singed hair. xXx "Mr. Potter, do explain to me just how you managed to convince me to this?" If Harry did not know any better, he would swear that Lucius was whingeing. He turned to face the Elder Malfoy and was saddened that Lucius was not stomping his foot and pouting. "Because Remus is a nice man and he deserves a chance." Harry replied simply before setting to the front door and knocking. Lucius looked up at the sky. The stars were bright, but not as bright as the moon. He narrowed his eyes at the silver disk, it was a few days before full moon, he wondered briefly what kind of mood that his son's animal would be in. He looked back to Harry who was humming lightly while waiting for the door to be answered. The moonlight flickered off the boy's hair, illuminating him in a pale glow. The young man held a beautiful innocence that one would not expect from an Auror, let alone a Potter. As if sensing his eyes, Harry turned and looked at him questioningly. "Everything alright Mister Malfoy?" "Harry, I-" he stiffened and straightened at the sound of the door opening. His eyes locked with amber. "Harry, Mr. Malfoy." Remus smiled and gestured to the inside. "Come in." Lucius scowled and a scathing remark was on the tip of his tongue, one look from Harry, however, stilled him. With a thin smile and a nod of his head he followed behind Harry and into the house. "Draco's just getting ready," Remus gestured to the living room. "have a seat, I'm just putting the finishing touches on dinner." He waited until they were both sitting before he left to continue cooking. Lucius eyed the shabby sofa that he shared with Harry. He wondered if his son had engaged in relations with the animal on the sofa. He muttered a quick scourgify on the sofa and while it assured him that the fabric was clean, the idea was now in his mind and he felt uncomfortable sitting on the fabric. He glanced up to see the young Potter watching him with amused eyes. "Yes Potter?" he raised his nose and a delicate brow. Harry shook his head. "You are hilarious." He chuckled. "Absolutely hilarious." "I am honoured to be a source of entertainment to you." He replied dryly. Harry chuckled. "You should be, I am a good friend to have. And I enjoy having you around- you're a good source of entertainment. Especially your bed hair." Lucius narrowed his eyes and opened his mouth to reply. "Father, Potter." The two looked up to see Draco standing in the doorway. Draco glanced between the two, his brow furrowed. He looked as though he wanted to say something, whatever it was though, was left unsaid as Lucius snapped. "It is rude to stare Draco." Draco jumped at his father's words. He adjusted robes and inclined his head. "Sorry Father. Potter, Father, come to the dining room?" Harry sighed at both of the Malfoy's antics. It was going to be a long night. X Harry resisted the urge to sigh. They had been sitting at the table for ten minutes. Those ten minutes might as well have been hours. It certainly felt like hours. Draco had ushered them to their seats and sat across from them. Nothing had been said from that point, they had said nothing and Harry had been forced to stare at the old Black portraits that covered the room. He briefly wondered what had happened to Mrs. Black but decided not to say anything- he could always ask Remus later. The sound of the grandfather clock in the corner ticking hit his ears. It was so irritating so drawl. The ticking continued and seemed to get louder in Harry's ear. He felt his fingers twitching in rhythm with the clock. Tick tock. Tick tock. Tick tock. "So, Draco," Harry said, snapping himself away from the clock. "What's it like working in a room with both Hermione and Snape?" he leaned forward and rested his arms on the table- an action which caused Lucius to send him a look, apparently putting the elbows on the table was one of the man's pet peeves. He ignored the older man's stare and continued. "Apprenticing under Snape would be hard enough, but having to work alongside Hermione in your apprenticeship? I don't envy you." Draco's lips twitched. "It is certainly an experience. Granger is so much like Snape that the two fight on a daily basis, it would be pretty hilarious if I wasn't so sure that their anger comes from some unresolved sexual tension." Draco shrugged casually. Harry's face turned green and a quick glance at Lucius told him that the Elder Malfoy was feeling similar to himself. "What makes you think that ?" Harry swallowed in an attempt to hold his bole back. Draco chuckled. "It sounds disgusting, doesn't it?" he reached for his wine. "I'm serious though, next time you're with them, watch them. It's quite a sight." "And here I thought that you spent your time learning complex potions. Not gossiping with Severus and the muggleborn." Lucius sneered causing Draco to blanch. Harry glared at Lucius. He knew that the man was an arse, but that was no reason to speak to his son that way. They were there to improve the relationship, not do whatever Lucius thought that he was doing to it! He kicked the Elder Malfoy under the table. His action was unnoticeable to someone watching the pair and it almost seemed as though Lucius did not notice it either. But he did react, a twitch of the finger and an increase in his scowl and Harry caught it. Before anything else could be said between the father and son Remus walked into the dining room, following behind him were the platters of roast beef, vegetable soups and roast vegetables. Harry felt his mouth water as the scent hit his nose. He watched as the food landed safely onto the table. The food looked absolutely delectable. "Remus, did you cook this?" Harry asked, his eyes never leaving the glorious food. He heard Lucius chuckle beside him. He tore his eyes away from the food to look at the older man. "What?" he snapped. "Always thinking with your stomach, Potter." Harry scrunched his nose and sent the man a look. "Sorry that I don't get to eat like this every night!" "You should spend some time