Hey guys, I know it's been a really long time since I last uploaded something, but I found this fic from a few months back and figured I'd upload it for you guys. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson franchise, Rick Riorden does, nor do I own Hogwarts because that belongs to J.K. Rowling. Oh, and in case you were wondering, I realize that I never really finished "Annabeth's Family", but while I may go back and add more, I'm kinda happy with were it left off. This story you're reading now takes place a few weeks after the Giant War. "Peter. Peter Johnson. PERCES JACKSON, LOOK AT ME!" I whipped my head over to the disruption so quickly that my Cheerios flew out of my spoon. Narrowing my eyes in the direction of the sink, I saw the ever-annoying presence of Mr. D, who had rather swiftly returned back to camp after the war had ended. Mr. D glowered at me as if I had done something terrible and reminded me slightly of Grover when Clarrise tried to stab his tin can he was planning to inhale, and that was not a pretty sight. My mom and Paul seemed shocked to see the IM, the past few weeks had been rather uneventful other than the typical post-war experiences. The other 5 of the prophecy and Nico showed up every now and then to check in, exchange information, or just to eat homemade pizza courtesy of one Leo Valdez. The first and only time Leo had brought Calypso with him was extremely awkward, to put it lightly. While Calypso has obviously moved onto Leo, it wasn't exactly a pleasant affair when she mentioned the moonlace plant to Annabeth. Thankfully, Piper was able to calm down the fiasco because I would have failed, but that's another story. Scowling at Mr. D in return, I waited for an explanation as to why he had appeared in my kitchen. My simple explanation was when Mr. D pulled up two curly mobs of hair and attached were none other than the Stoll brothers. Both wore their goofy, yet mischievous grins that more than likely were the sole cause of Mr. D's rage. I smirked at the sight of the brothers, some things will never change. "Would you boys like to explain what you did or should I?" Mr. D barked, obviously both angered and flustered. "I don't know, Conner." Travis began, " We tell some pretty hilarious stories, but I would love to hear Mr. D tell this one." "Wise choice, brother." Conner agreed, "I think we'll give you the honors Mr.D." Mr. D growled in frustration, I could see my mom pale slightly and Paul put his hand on her knee. I looked at my parents and told them, "Mom, Paul, you guys should probably go now, whatever the two of them did probably was anything but legal." Conner cut in, "But it is always nice seeing you Ms. Jackson!" Travis elbowed his brother the best he could while being held by Mr. D, "Dude, she's married now, she's Mrs. Whatever-That-Guy's-Last-Name-Is." "Blowfis. She's legally Mrs. Blowfis." Paul supplied. I shot him a grateful look for not getting too scared of the members of the IM. I gained a whole new level of respect for him since he looked after my mom when I'd disappeared. She deserved someone like him. "Well, it was nice seeing you Ms. Blowfish! You wouldn't mind if Travis and I stopped by for more of those blue cookies anytime soon, would you?" Conner questioned. I knew Mom was back to her usual loving mother-mode now. "Of course you can, Conner!" She exclaimed, "You and your brother are an absolute delight." "You hear that Mr. D?" Travis asked, trying to look up at the camp director, "We are an absolute delight." Mr. D scoffed, tightening his reign on the brothers, then looked at my mother politely, "I'm afraid that it is going to be a very long time before either of these boys will be let out of camp to be treated. If you wouldn't mind, I'd rather have this be a private discussion so that these hooligans won't get distracted." Something told me that he wasn't solely referring to the two he currently had a hold on. Mom and Paul nodded as she dragged Paul to what used to be a guest bedroom that was now Annabeth's room to check on her. This was one of the rare nights that Annabeth has slept soundly without being plagued by the nightmares, and her body needed the rest. "Alright," Mr. D said, "now one of you explain to Peter what you did." "Well you see," Travis began, "Conner and I-" "Wait!" Conner interrupted, looking wide eyed around my kitchen, "Where's Annabeth?" I felt my own breath hitch and my hand shoot toward Riptide, I jumped to my feet, frantically looking around the room for my girlfriend. My heart thudded much quicker than should be humanly possible as my mind became a tangled knot of anticipation and horror. That's when I remembered something Annabeth had taught me, when stuck in the past, think to the present. Being in Tarturus with Annabeth had changed us both, we had terrifying nightmares that seemed inescapable, and visions of what could of happened always lingered in the back of our minds. Even momentarily losing sight of my girlfriend was enough to make me panic. I reminded myself that she was here, in my apartment, and that she was safe. I calmed myself down enough to look back at the Troublesome Two and the camp director, all three of them looked at me in fear and concern. Concern for me, or fear of what I would have done if Annabeth had been missing, I had no idea. I never hoped to find out. "Calm down, man." Conner said slowly, "I didn't mean to-" "Scare me, yeah I know." I said trying not to sound as shaky as I felt. I ran a hand through my hair roughly and continued, "Annabeth is in her room sleeping, getting some much needed rest." "Much needed rest, huh?" Travis questioned, wiggling his eyebrows. "What exactly have the two of you been up to anyway?" I could feel my face go crimson, and trying to save my girlfriend's pride and any shred of dignity I had left, I managed to stumble out a few incoherent words, "No... We haven't... I'm not... She's just..." "Whatever, Johnson." Mr. D said, cutting me off. It was doubtful that he was trying to save me from my useless blabber, but much more plausible that he was nervous as to what Athena would do to him if he didn't stop me. Based on his slightly green face, I assumed I was right. Maybe Annabeth was rubbing off on me. Mr. D continued, "Stop changing the subject, Stolls, get on with it." With a merciless tug on their heads, Mr. D wiped both of the smirks off of their faces and replaced it with one of his own. Both brothers tried to glare at their captor, but Mr. D still had not released their hair. "I will tell the story as long as you let go of our heads." Travis stated factually. Mr. D didn't protest, but released both boys with one last yank and sat down in the recliner behind him, silently waiting for Travis to continue. "Thank you," Travis began once more, rubbing the top on his head, "our story today takes place in a faraway kingdom with a dashing young prince and his brother, where-" "Wait," Conner interrupted, "I'm assuming that I am the dashing young prince here?" "No, of course not, you are the brother." Travis argued. This resulted in highly entertaining bickering between the two brothers until Mr. D smacked both of them on the back of the head, and half-growled, half-yelled, "Stoll, TELL THE STORY HOW IT IS!" Travis put his hands up in surrender, "Fine, whatever. Boring story, got it." Conner rolled his eyes, but didn't disagree. "So basically, Conner and I may have lightly ransacked the camp store last night looking for gummi worms to dump in the Demeter kid's flowers. It was hardly even a prank, but then we found something so much better." The twins looked at each other, simultaneously grinned, and said in perfect unison, "Gummi spiders." I gulped, having an idea where this was going. Conner continued the tale, "Finding the gummi spiders was a serious coincidence, and since we did, we logically took them. Instead of going to the Demeter cabin like we originally would have, we went to the Athena cabin and dumped the spiders in there through the window. Inevitably, that morning there was about a dozen Athena kids totally flipping out, as in mass chaos, crazy screaming, flipping out. Travis and I naturally then snuck over to the Athena cabin window to see our artwork, only to discover that this was not at all the prank we had planned, these spiders were alive and flaming." I could feel my eyes grow wide, this must have gotten way out of hand for them to call me like this, this is usually the kind of camp-fire story that only gets out once it happened long enough ago to be hilarious. It also explained Conner's not-so-irrational fear of Annabeth. The part of this that made the least sense however, was how the spiders had come to a fiery life. The Stolls played a lot of ridiculous pranks, but they always had complete control over the situation. Choosing to express my thoughts aloud I asked, "So how did the spiders even become alive and-err-on fire?" Travis and Conner exchanged a look before Conner spoke back up, "Well... We aren't exactly sure." "But we are looking into it!" Travis interjected. "Yes!" Conner agreed, "We absolutely are! Although... We may have another issue that we need your help with." I raised my eyebrows slightly, but nodded as a signal to continue. "Well, you see," Travis began slowly, "the flaming spiders seem to be invulnerable to water, but eventually Leo rounded them up in some special celestial bronze cage, so now we just need to kill them." "How exactly do you expect me to kill off these water immune flaming spiders?" I questioned, pretty confused at this point. "Easily!" Conner exclaimed, "It's simple, really!" I suddenly lost all hope of anything in this plan running smoothly. "Boys!" Mr. D barked, causing all three of us to jump. "Just get Peter Johnson here to come to camp and you can explain there, you are wasting my drachmas!" I nodded in relative agreement, "Right, let me just go tell my mom and Annabeth-" "No!" Both brothers shouted, putting their hands up as if they wanted to stop me. I looked from Travis to Conner quizzically, "And why would I not tell my mom and girlfriend where I'm going?" I questioned. Conner was the first to answer, "Because, you said Annabeth was sleeping, right? Do you really want to wake her up?" The look on my face probably signaled that he was on the right track, and Travis continued, "Exactly, she needs the rest, and you need to let her get whatever sleep she can. We, as her friends," Travis motioned to himself and his brother, "would hate to see her not getting enough sleep." "For her sake of course." Conner ended, looking me dead in the eye as if he was only looking out for one of his best friends. I sighed, they were right, Annabeth did need the sleep. Although, Annabeth would be pretty angry if I left for camp without so much as a warning. I debated these concepts in my head before deciding that I agreed with the brothers. I'd go to camp, take care of whatever I needed to do, and then get home before Annabeth even woke up. She had been so exhausted