Annabeth's Family *** Hey guys so I just edited this chapter because, well, it needed it. I plan to edit all four chapters before I continue with this story. Thanks guys for bearing with me!*** I'm back! I just wanted to say thank you for all the reviews, favorites, and follows for my other story, Paul's Family. As you probably know, I'm new to this whole writing thing, and everyone's help is greatly appreciated. This is a new story I came up with and it will be a chapter story, but I can't promise regular uploads because of school and everything else, but I'll try! I love you guys :) Disclaimer: I still don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians, because if I did I would know what happens in Mark of Athena! Percy POV: Chapter 1: It was a nice afternoon that I got to spend with my girlfriend. Earlier that day we had gone to the park, grabbed some lunch, and came back to my apartment to relax. Just watching the news, but not really paying much attention to anything except the girl in my arms, and while doing so, I realized something. I realized that I really, truly, love Annabeth. Smiling to myself I gingerly kissed the top of her head on my chest, and pulled her closer to me, "I love you." I whispered into her ear. She looked at me with wide eyes, probably because this was the first time I'd ever said those three words, yet I didn't regret it, it just felt so right. It felt even more right when she said exactly what I needed to hear in response, "I love you, too." In a moment of pure bliss, she leaned her head up, pressed her lips to mine, and kissed me. Ugh, I really need to work on keeping my brain in a solid state when she does that, because I'm pretty sure that my mind melted somewhere around my feet. "Percy?" Annabeth asked while my mind was recollecting itself. "Hmm?" Was honestly the only answer I could give at the moment. "Can I ask you something?" Annabeth questioned, looking unsure of what she would say next, "Anything." I responded, turning off the television and looking her in the eye, it's not everyday that Annabeth Chase is unsure of something. Annabeth took a deep breath before continuing, "Well, my stepmom is having her parents come in for a week, and won't let my dad go on a business trip, she says the whole family needs to be there. That, of course, resulted in a large disagreement of if I should be there. My dad says, yes, he hasn't seen me in almost two years, since before the war. He says I'm part of the family, and he wants to be part of my life. Allison, my stepmom, says no, and that I can come when it's his family that's coming, not hers. My dad then called his parents and asked if they wanted to come that same week, they said yes. When my dad called me, I was shocked to say the least. He then told me I was welcome to bring a couple friends, if that would make me more comfortable. For some ballistic reason, I agreed. I figured it'd be easier if you and hopefully Thalia came with me. The only people who remotely like me, or even tolerate me in that house are Dad, Grandpa, my dad's dad, Matthew, and Bobby!" Annabeth told me, looking down at her feet for the last part, ending her rushed speech. "Hey, hey, look at me Wise Girl," I said, using my finger to lift Annabeth's chin up, "sure, I'll go with you. You're dad seemed pretty cool when I met him when I was thirteen. I'm sure Thalia will go, too, once she explains everything to Artemis." "Thanks, Seaweed Brain." Well, it was settled then. I would pick up Annabeth up from her school at about 10 on Friday. Unfortunately, that meant I'd have to pick her up during class, which means I'd have to sadly leave school early, and get deprived of my all-so-important education (note the sarcasm). That was 5 days ago, making today the day of our little trip. "Percy! Are you ready for school?" I heard my mom yell. "Yeah, hold on, just let me grab my keys." I replied from the kitchen where I'd been eating my cereal and stuffing blue chocolate chip cookies in my bag. Usually, Paul drives me to Goode, since he teaches there and all, but since I had to pick up Annabeth and meet Thalia at the airport, I drove myself. Yeah, to the airport. I did NOT want to fly all the way across the country to California, and I knew Thalia didn't either, but this was important, we had to do this for Annabeth. Swinging my book bag over my shoulder and headed toward the front door, my mom ran over and hugged me. I hugged her back and reminded her that I'd see her in just a few days. Mom laughed and hugged me tighter, finally releasing me, she faced me instead. "So you're not nervous at all about meeting Annabeth's dad?" My mom questioned. "No. Why would I be? I've met Dr. Chase before." I responded, confused at why my mom would ask such a question. "Yes, you have," Mom agreed, "but not while you've been dating Annabeth." "So?" I asked, "He seemed to like me last time, what would be different this time?" "Because now you're not the friend saving his daughter's life, you're the boyfriend." "I still don't get the difference. I care about Annabeth, I always have. I'd do anything for her, I always would have. Even Athena agrees with that, and she hates me." My mom sighed, "Percy, I know that, and Annabeth does too. But still, her dad watches out for her." I nodded and my mom hugged me again, "Now go convince at least one of Annabeth's parents to like you." She told me. I laughed and said, "I love you, Mom." "I love you too, Percy." At school that morning, I was in an awesome mood, I mean, who isn't when they get to get out of school early? Until I ran into a little problem. At my locker, I was trying to figure out if the yellow or green book was my math one, and eventually, I guessed green. Slamming my locker shut, my hand instinctively went to Riptide as I heard the screaming and shouting out of staff in the office. I made a mad dash toward the reception area and saw a huge hellhound in the middle of the office. "That German Shepard is going to eat everything!" I heard one teacher yell. German Shepard? Well, I guess it's better than when Mrs. O' Leary was mistaken for a poodle. "Here, doggie doggie!" I called, "Or are you too scared to face the great Percy Jackson?" Well, that worked. The hellhound turned all his attention to me and chased me throughout the now deserted hallways, I assumed class started about 5 minutes ago. Spinning on my heel, I brought Riptide out in front of me and thrust it through it's chest. In less than a second, it turned to dust. Satisfied with myself, I walked back to class. Walking into my math class, I realized that every other student had a yellow math book in front of them. Crap. I just faked the rest of math, which is better than my usual occupation of napping, and like Paul promised, at exactly nine-ten, Ms. Thompson's phone rang. "Oh hello, Paul."... "Yes, I have Percy Jackson here."... "Oh, okay, will he be gone for the day?"... "No, he didn't mention he'd be missing the next week of my class." Ms. Thompson glared at me when she said that last part and the class snickered. "Okay then, thank you, Paul." She hung up before turning to me. "So, Mr. Jackson," she began, "What is so important that you will be gone for the entire week and forgot to mention it to your teachers?" "Um," I searched for the right answer other than, "Oh yeah, didn't I mention it? I'm only half human and am going with two other half human teenagers to my girlfriend's, who may be my great niece, house across the country." I settled with, "I'm going to California." "By yourself?" Ms. Thompson asked, disbelievingly. "No, I'm going with my girlfriend and my cousin." I answered, "We're staying at my girlfriend's family's house." "You have a girlfriend?" asked the brunette behind me, looking slightly jealous. "Yeah." I answered. "Is she hot?" questioned the football player two seats in front of me. Before I could respond, Ms. Thompson ushered me out of her classroom before I was any more disruptive than I already was, and began her lesson again. Walking down the hall, I threw my book bag in my locker, knowing I wouldn't use it anyway. Once outside the school, I spotted my blue truck Poisiden gave me for my birthday, and got in. The drive to Annabeth's school took about 10 minutes, and only 5 minutes from there to the airport, so I had about 15 minutes to get Annabeth. Oh, what do ya know? Maybe that green- I mean yellow, math book is teaching me something. I walked up the steps to Annabeth's school and stopped at the front desk, where an older lady was typing away on her computer. "Um, hi." I said, hoping to get the ladies attention. "Oh, hello dear. Are you here to pick someone up from school?" She asked nicely, spinning around to face me in her chair. "Yeah, I'm supposed to pick up Annabeth Chase." I answered timidly. This lady didn't look like a monster, and I'm pretty sure if there were any monsters working here, Annabeth would've either mentioned them or taken care of them already, but you can never be too sure. "Oh, Annabeth!" The lady exclaimed, "Sweet girl, and what do you need to pick her up for? You're not either of her brothers." "No, I'm not, I'm her boyfriend, Percy. I'm here to take her to her dad's house for the week." I said. "And where would that be?" The lady asked, obviously testing me. "San Francisco, California." I answered. "Okay then, have fun there." The lady said, satisfied, "Her classroom is room 2C." "Thank you." I said. "No problem, sweetie." The lady told me. "Oh, and Percy?" She called after me. "Yes mam'?" I responded, turning around to face her again. "Be safe." The lady said, winking at me. I just nodded, probably blushing, and kept walking. I soon found the elevator and pressed the "2" button. Being in elevators always remind me of Olympus, and that reminds me of Annabeth. I smiled to myself. The elevator dinged and I stepped out into the hallway. I saw a teacher and smiled at her, she scowled back at me. I shrugged it off and kept walking, it might be an all-girl school thing. I soon found the "C" room. Or at least I hoped it was. I walked into the room and felt the eyeballs of a room full of teenage girls on me. I looked around the room for a second, and my eyes met those of a certain grey-eyed blonde. Annabeth smiled at me and I grinned back. "Excuse me, sir?" The teacher said, clearly trying to get my attention. "Percy." I corrected. "Okay, Percy, can I help you?" The teacher asked. "Um, yeah," I said, "I'm here to pick up Annabeth Chase." A few girls shot angry glances at Annabeth, while others just stared at me. It was kinda uncomfortable. "Oh, um, alright. And is Miss. Chase aware of this?" the teacher asked, looking at Annabeth. Annabeth nodded and got out of her seat, grabbing her backpack, and walked to where I was.