Sally Jackson balances the giggling three year old on her hip a plate of cookies in her unoccupied hand. Using her elbow she pressed the doorbell hearing the echoing 'ding dong' echo through the house. Suddenly the door was swung open to a women in the doorway. She had her long black hair swept up into a ponytail and unsettling grey eyes that analyzed the woman on her doorstep. Sally offered her a kind smile, "Hello I am Sally Jackson and this is my son Percy," she said inclining her head to the boy in her arms, "I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood!" The other woman smiled making her fierce grey eyes soften, "Oh thank you! My name is Athena. Yes we just moved a couple days ago and this is my daughter Annabeth." Sally hadn't noticed the young girl with wild blonde curls poking her head around from her mother's legs. Annabeth eyed the young boy who looked to be around her age. The boy noticed her and smiled waving a small hand at the young girl. Shocked she dashed back behind the security of Athena's legs. Then slowly peeping her eyes out she waved softly at the boy. The mothers noticed the exchange and smiled. This was the start of friendship. After this meeting the two families grew close and soon a tree house was being built in the Jackson's back yard, constructed by Frederick Chase and Poseidon Jackson. It was built on a large oak tree with sprawling limbs reaching out to the sky. The tree house had windows on all sides with a deck and railing that wrapped around the main room. It had a rope ladder that hung through a trap door all the way down to the green lawn below. It was amazing. As the last nail was hammered in the men stood back to admire their work. Poseidon smiled, "Well that should work." Frederick nodded massaging his left shoulder, "Well I hope so. C'mon let's go show off shall we?" They turned back inside into the Jackson's house finding their wives chatting in the kitchen. Percy and Annabeth were at the table coloring cartoon characters from Nemo. Annabeth frowned at Percy's messy drawing; blue scribbles going way out of the lines and covering nearly the entire page. "Percy, Nemo isn't blue," she said. "So? I like blue and so does Nemo," he stated as though this was a fairly obvious fact. "Nuh uh," Annabeth argued. "Yes huh." "No." "Umm yeah." "I don't think so." "Oh yeah? Well I do, so there Anniebeth," Percy stated confidently. He was so sure that he was going to be right this time. "No Per-," she was cut off by her father and frowned. "Hey kidlits, come here we have something to show you," Fredrick called to the duo at the table. The women stood smiling, beckoning them forward. Excited at this prospect they rushed outside abandoning their artwork. They stopped with slack jaws before the huge tree. In it there was positively one of the coolest things they had seen in their full six years of life. Looks of amazement graced their faces, eyes wide. The parents smiled at their kids looks on their faces. Sally leaned up to place a kiss on Posiedon's jaw, smiling as he called out to the kids, "Well are you just going to stand there or what?" Before they could take off though Sally insisted on a picture, "Oh come on just one picture," she said amused by the disgruntled looks on the children's and men's faces. Eventually the husbands hoisted Percy and Annabeth onto their shoulders. Fredrick and Annabeth's golden hair was lit like a halo around their heads from the dying afternoon sun. Poseidon and Percy's bright sea green eyes stood out sparkling with a certain kind of happy and a troublemaker grin gracing their mouths. 'Click.' Percy and Annabeth are seven. The treehouse no longer had any bare walls. They were covered in Annabeth's drawings of buildings and maps of the world. Percy's blue Nemo pictures were also up there along with other doodles he had deemed 'just too amazingly awesome' that they had to go on there. Annabeth and Percy practically lived there spending their free time pretending that it was a pirate's ship and drawing treasure maps while yelling, "Aye! Ye must walk the plank!" And poking each other with sticks, wielding them like real scabbards. The tree house also became a secret hideout for planning battle strategies (usually made by Annabeth) like how to sneak through the kitchen and snag some of Sally's cookies without being caught. But as the duo got older life got harder by the time they were nine it wasn't a pirate ship anymore, instead it was a sanctuary for Annabeth from all the fighting and angry words at her house. Now Athena and Frederick fought a lot more creating a porupt household that Annabeth wanted nothing to do with. She often found herself running out the back door and through the fence into the Jackson's backyard and then to the confines of the tree house. Percy might have been oblivious but he wasn't stupid. He knew that something was wrong with the household next to his and was worried about Annabeth. He frequently looked out his window at the treehouse searching for the soft yellow light coming from the treehouse that meant Annabeth was there. When he found the light he would grab a huge blanket and grab a bag of blue cookies before climbing up the ladder. They would sit across from each other on top of the fluffy blanket with cookies in between them. Annabeth would rub frustrated at the tear tracks on her cheeks and Percy would pretend not to see even though he still reached across holding onto her hand. These nights would turn into sleepovers either in the treehouse or at Percy's house. The next year Frederick was divorced and Athena lived in a different house. However getting older wasn't always so depressing. One day Annabeth came home briefly saying hello to her father that was knee deep with work before going to meet Percy in their treehouse. Percy was already there his feet resting on the wall the rest of his body sprawled across the floor. He was humming to himself tapping his fingertips on the worn wood beneath him. He turned his head as he heard the all too familiar creek of the door in the floor, Annabeth's curly blonde hair poking out. "Hey Wise Girl," he said lazily. "Hey yourself Seaweed Brain," she said coming next to him copying his position. The ten year olds lay side by side before Percy looked over at her finding her biting her bottom lip a scrunched line in between her eyebrows. He lifted himself up resting on his elbows before questioning her, "What are you thinking?" "How did you know I was thinking?" she asked looking up at his sea green eyes just as bright as the first time she met him if not brighter. He laughed, "When are you not?" She humphed crossing her arms into a pillow behind her head. "I was just thinking that well ya know Thaila?" she said not waiting for his answer. He nodded anyway in confusion. "Well, she said that she kissed Luke yesterday and when I said that that was gross and weird, she said that I'm weird because pretty much everyone had kissed or had been kissed by someone. Perce you haven't though right?" "Nope. Why does what Thalia think matter anyways though?" he asked confused at his best friends actions. She shrugged, "It doesn't really I guess, but I was just wondering what was so great about it since everyone has done it before." Percy frowned, "Yeah, I guess." "And well I was thinking," she sat up criss cross and blushed before forging on, "well since you haven't kissed or been kissed before and neither have I, then maybe... why don't we just kiss each other?" Percy was really confused now. She thinks that they should kiss each other? He sat up to frowning a little bit thinking. "Well, I mean I guess Annabeth." Besides he was kinda curious too. "Okay," she said scooting a little closer, "Ummm... on the count of three okay?" Percy swallowed and nodded his face already turning fire truck red. "Okay." "One," they said together leaning in a little bit closer. "Two," they squeezed their eyes shut waiting for three. "Three," they leaned in all the way. For about five seconds their lips brushed each other's a warm, weird tingling feeling tickling their lips. Percy's eyes shot open as did Annabeth's, green on grey. Percy shook his head, "Thalia was wrong, kissing is weird." Annabeth rubbed her lips, "Definitely." Annabeth and Percy are in middle school and are turning fourteen, soon to be high schoolers. Today a councilor from the high school came to talk to them about setting up their schedule for high school and picking out their classes. It kind of scares them. The prospect of being at the bottom of the food chain again with college looming just over the horizon seems frightening and overwhelming. As usual they meet up in their treehouse the floorboards slightly creeking under their weight. Soft summer breezes waft through the open windows, green leaves from above casting a slight greenish glow across the walls and their old drawings. Now they have beanbags up there from a summer's worth of lemonade stands, one blue, one lavender. Percy flops down on the blue one his legs reaching out and sprawling over the lavender one too. He has a granola bar in one hand, a gummy worm sticking out between his lips, with a Doritos chip bag by his side. He just wants to eat all the time . Annabeth calls him a pig before collapsing by him shoving him over to make room for two, their bodies mushed together. He cries out indignantly at her insult pouting as she also plucks his bag of gummy worms off his chest. She rolls her eyes and pulls out a book. "Hey Annabeth," Percy says softly looking down at his pretty best friend. Her princess curls have calmed down some and are tied up in its usual messy ponytail. Her long tan legs overlap his, grey eyes flicking across the pages of the novel she clutches in her hands. "Hmmm?" she asks flipping the page. "What do you think high school is going to be like?" Annabeth marks her page putting her book down. She looks up at her best friend a spark of curiosity twisting in her stormy eyes. "Ya know, because some people say it was the best years of their lives but, then others say that they wouldn't go back if you paid them. And then the freaking counselors are already talking about colleges and I can't even decide if Scooby-Doo or Spongebob fruit snacks are better!" Percy gestures wildly with his hands before looking down at Annabeth's somewhat amused and serious expression. Annabeth nodded, "I know right? I mean it just seems like it's going way too fast. I mean like just yesterday we were snagging cookies from Sally and pretending to be pirates. And now, now we are choosing what classes to take to get into a good college and having to figure out how you're gonna represent yourself as an individual and how to be yourself ." "Growing up isn't all that great as it's made out to be I guess," Percy said using one arms as a pillow for his head. "Well, I mean it can't be that horrible. In high school you get a lot more freedom and a chance to do what you want to do," Annabeth said looking at the benefits of moving on in life. "Yeah but still..." Percy trailed off. He wasn't really ready to grow up. He didn't want to