Chapter 1 - A rude awakening SPLASH! "Wakey, wakey, you mangy mutt!" shouted the guard. Remus groaned as his bones ached and he shivered from the ice-cold water. He slowly rose from the concrete floor hearing the next victim of the guard getting splashed, steadying himself against the wall as he exited his cell. Looking up and down the corridor, he saw the other 'guests' leaving their accommodation. The idea to Remus was a good one in theory, or at the very least a decent one, two abandoned muggle warehouse refurbished into cell blocks which during each full moon, werewolves were able stay in order to keep an eye on them and to keep the public safe. A sickle was given as, a thank you? An enticement to stay there perhaps. Which to the average earner was barely pocket change but to the unemployed werewolves was a good amount of money, well, it was some money at least. Joining in the orange elasticated tracksuit trousers queue with his own, Remus followed it to the stairs heading down. Entering the infirmary he sat down on the floor as he watched the couple of doctors and nurses there were, checking and healing any injuries from the transformations during the full moon. While guards stood watch for any misbehaviour from the 'tenants' which varied depending on each guard due to, as far as Remus could tell anyway, the guard were there because they shared either a dislike or an out-right hatred of werewolves and were hoping for misbehaviour that needed punishing, or just needed the money. or were put on duty as punishment. Waiting for his turn to see a doctor that would fix the injuries, that attacking concrete walls all night would cause. Not like they could have just made the walls soft and used magic to reinforce them to stop them being destroyed, Remus thought sarcastically. His body already sustaining enough self damage just from the morphing into a werewolf and back again never mind the self-harming the wolf does trying eat itself in hunger. Upon hearing a doctor call the false name he was using, Remus staggered forward to stand before the doctor. "I will before a simple charm to scan for any injuries to may have, suffered, from during the night." the doctor spoke, signalling out in his tone his opinions on Remus's suffering. "Thank you." Remus replied in a tired voice. The doctor grunted and set to work, finding a couple of fractures which were quickly fixed up with a bone-knitting spell leaving Remus slightly better. "The least injured mutt, I've dealt with so far." muttered the doctor. "I've had many a year with my wolf, I'd like to think over time he's become smarter and such knows when he can't get out and doesn't bother hurting himself."Remus explained with a slight smile. "I didn't speak to you!"snapped the doctor. "I'm sorry, I thought..." Remus began to apologise. "Is there a problem here Doctor?" asked a Guard wand out pointed at Remus. "No, just get this out of my sight." snarled the Doctor. "Move on to the next room please." the guard said motioned, while waving his wand towards the next door. Remus walked away, holding in a sigh, through the door indicated. Only to join another queue. Waiting amongst his aching werewolf brothers, he slowly shuffled forward, all the while wondering what to do once outside. Perhaps it's time to move country again, thought Remus. Suppose at the moment it's the only thing I can do to spice up my life... Ah, great, now I've got Spice girls stuck in my head. Following the snaking queue line to the front while Scary, Sporty, Posh, Ginger and Baby sang "Slam it to the left, If you're having a good time, Shake it to the right, If you know that you feel fine." within the confines of his own head were the longest hours of his life, or the longest 15 minutes if you believed the clock. Remus, did not. Collecting his wand from the Aurors guarding to room where personal effects were stored over night. Remus walked past the few getting changed and exited out of the refurbished warehouse onto it's large courtyard. Removing his orange tracksuit and replacing it with his own grey worn-out robes, quickly discarding the tracksuit on the pile saturating the centre of the courtyard he left through the security check point that released him onto the edge of the woods that surrounded the building. In front of him a simple dirt road entered the woods and would if one followed it, distribute you onto the edge of a small town. "Remus!" A now familiar Italian accented voice from behind called. Without turning around, Remus softly replied. "Hello Naomi. How was your night?" "As expected." Naomi panted, the brisk walk to Remus having taken a lot out of her small muscular body. "You know I wasn't going anywhere without you right. There's no need to push yourself so soon after a transformation, just take it steady." Remus said in concern looking towards her, Naomi's blonde pixie cut was as always without a strand out of place and lively bright blue eyes shone. "Can't be sure after the first time." Quipped Naomi. Remus cringed in equal parts shame and embarrassment at the flashback that popped into his head. *Flashback Begins* The first time they had come to the 'Werewolf Shelter' as it was called, Remus had apparated away before Naomi had been released from the females building next door. Only returning a couple hours later because he missed her and his conscience was eating away at him, to find the place empty but for Naomi sat at the base of the closest tree, arms wrapped around her knees slowly rocking herself while tears streamed down her face as she questioned out loud "What's wrong with me that everyone kept leaving." Having not heard him apparate in, Remus slowly walked towards and knelt down in front of her. Placing his hand slowly on her arm as not to startle, Naomi head sprung up a flash of fear on her face before a smile radiated out. Leaping onto Remus they crashed down in a hug. "You came back!" Naomi squealed into his ear. "Whatever it was I did wrong I'm sorry, I can stop it. I can change, I will change. Just give me a chance, I just need the one and I'll show you. I'll do anything. Anything you say, everything you want I'll do. Just please, please don't leave me. I don't want to be alone again. I just..." "NAOMI!" shouted Remus and a few failed quieter interruptions.. Naomi shot up, lifting herself up so she was knelt over his lap. "I'm sorry, please don't..." "I'm not leaving you okay, I promise." interrupted Remus again, as he used his sleeve to try and dry the tear soaked side of his head. "You can't promise that, everybody leave eventually. Nobody wants me around." Naomi said quietly, looking tired and defeated. "My parents left on the church steps as a baby, and then the church left me at the orphanage and then it was so many different foster homes that didn't want me and then the orphanage kicked me out at 16 when they no longer needed to care for me and then every time a found somewhere on the streets to sleep the police would remove me from there and then I got bit by a werewolf at 20 and found out magic is real and that werewolves are hated and then I found out I'm a squib and that's probably why my parents got rid of me as squibs aren't liked and it's just that nobody wants me and then we met and you saved me and I thought, just that maybe..." She trailed off. "I'll give you a magical vow if that'll help ease your mind." Remus said. "What's a magical vow and why would it help ease my mind?" said Naomi confused "As you know magic is sort of semi-aware, that's why intent is rather important during the use of magic. Magic's semi-awareness is involved in a magical vow too," Remus informed. "Magic senses whether, at that very moment, you intend to keep the vow you just spoke and if you do, your magic would bind you to your vow so if the vow is broken. Magic, your own magic. Will punish you for it." Naomi frowned, "Punishment?" "It varies from person to person. I've heard things from, a man getting a rash that said cheat across his face after attempting to break the rules of the game he was playing and a guy whose hair grew to the floor and couldn't be cut or altered in any way, he basically ended up looking like the Thing from the Adams Family until he paid what he owed. All the way to a woman losing her magic completely, and a fella whose wand blew up in his hand." "WHAT!" shrieked Naomi, "What would possess anyone to risk bodily harm nevermind the loss of their magic, I can't even imagine having magic and then lossing it. I can't believe anyone would risk such a gift. What on earth are you thinking, thinking that that'd ease my mind? I want you to stay with me because you want to and you like me, not because your forced to or be punished." "I do," said Remus, pulling her back down and rubbing her back to calm her down. "I want to stay with because you are great to be around. You are amazing and full of joy, you radiate happiness and you care about everybody, I want to make you smile because your happiness makes me happy." Remus could feel his face heating up and was fighting with himself not to run away. A blush spread across Naomi's face as she gave a small shy smile before it disappeared and she raised herself back up, looked Remus in the eyes and asked. "Why did you leave then?" Remus sighed, looked over to the woods and said simply. "Guilt." Shifting position to snuggle up into him and laying her head on his chest. Remus explained. "I felt guilty about being happy when my friends, my pack, can't be. I felt guilt about falling in love when my friend can't. I felt guilty that at times I was enjoying myself so much I began to forget about them. I feel as though I don't deserve to be happy, to be loved when they can't be." "These friends of yours, they're Prongs, Padfoot and Wormtail, the ones you talk about so much?" Naomi enquired, at receiving a nod she continued. "What are their real names if you don't mind me telling, and what happened to them?" "Prongs is James Potter, Padfoot is Sirius Black and Wormtail is Peter Pettigrew, James and Peter are dead while Sirius is in Azkaban for life for killing Peter and assisting the death of James." "Wasn't James Potter and his wife the last to be killed by Voldemort? I think I read that in one of the books about the British Magical Society in Mendy's when we were in Paris's magical district." "Yeah they were," Remus sighed again, he pulled Naomi in closer to himself. "The book more than likely said something along the lines of," he put on a snobby voice. "The British civil ended when, as a baby, Harry Potter survived the killing curse from Lord Voldemort, which blew up the bedroom of the cottage he was in simultaneously killing his attacker. James Potter and his wife had already been killed by Voldemort after being betrayed by Sirius Black who told his master where they were hiding. Black would, a couple of days later, be tracked down by his former friend Peter Pettigrew who tried to capture the uncovered Death Eater himself whle enraged at his friends, the Potters, deaths. Black mercilessly blew