Summary: After being changed against her will, Bella struggles to adjust to life as a vampire. The hurdles she faces go beyond bloodlust, and her new perspective leaves her feeling torn between old morals and new desires. Edward fights to win her over, but when his world is threatened, he realizes there's more to lose than her heart. The sequel to HERE IN THE GARDEN OF SIN. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, situations, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Please do not repost my stories elsewhere. A lot of time and effort went into writing stories that revolve around characters I didn't create in the first place. I don't take credit for them, so don't take credit for what's mine. Let's play nice, okay? Author's Note: Welcome to MALICE IN THE GARDEN ! This is a sequel. I repeat! This is a sequel! If you haven't read HERE IN THE GARDEN OF SIN , please do so. It sets up this entire story, and if anyone asks me to explain what's happening because they didn't read it, my cold, black heart will break. Hey, you guys! Seriously now listen up! When I decided to write MALICE last September, I removed the last two chapters from HITGOS . Both chapters were set in the future, and as far as I'm concerned, they never happened. If you read the original version, just forget everything that occurred after Bella ran out of the house. Trust me, it's better this way. MALICE will be about the same length as HITGOS (50k words, give or take). I've written over half, and I plan on posting updates weekly (Fridays?). If everything goes according to plan, there won't be any downtime. *crosses fingers* Liv , Joo , Hobo , and KB : Thank you for your input and support. You hoors are the best. Follow my blog for updates and future author's notes. I'm also on Twitter and Facebook . Clicky links on my profile. Thanks for giving this sequel a chance. I hope you enjoy it, and I look forward to your feedback. . . . Bella ran. Ruled by instinct, she zipped through the forest without a second thought to where she was headed. Her only concern was escape—to get away from the sights and sounds that overwhelmed her senses. She waited for exhaustion to kick in, but the pain in her lungs and the burn in her muscles never came. She stopped. The faint sound of footsteps advanced in the distance. She knew by the speed at which they approached that it was a vampire. She wondered which one had followed her. It wasn't lack of energy that kept her from running. She was strong and didn't want to flee. She wanted to fight. Alice slowed her pace as she came within eyeshot. The newborn crouched, and a vicious snarl erupted from her throat. Alice rolled her eyes. "I won't hurt you." Giving her a wide berth, Alice navigated to a fallen tree. She sat on one of the branches and folded her legs beneath her. Bella stood a little straighter. The small vampire before her didn't seem threatening. She knew just by looking at her that she was stronger. As long as no one else joined the fight, Bella would surely win. She listened for the sounds of anyone else approaching, but all she heard were the noises of the forest. "Why did you follow me?" "Isn't it obvious?" Alice waited for a response. Bella stared back with confused, red eyes. "We want you to come back." "Why?" Bella didn't understand. None of them had wanted her. She would be nothing but a burden. "We want to help you adjust to your new life. Believe me, I know how overwhelming the change can be. We all do. We may not have wanted this life for you, but that doesn't mean we want you to learn on your own." Bella contemplated Alice's offer. Carlisle had told her as much. She'd even considered it. She might have even agreed to stay if it weren't for Edward. Edward. She shuddered at the memory of tearing his head from his body. Her fingertips tingled where they'd fractured, a subtle reminder of her transgression. "Aren't you angry with me?" "Angry?" Alice laughed as she slid from the tree. "There isn't a single one of us who doesn't think he deserved it. If I weren't so shocked that you actually followed through, I would have given you a high five." Bella stiffened as Alice approached. Every instinct in her body was screaming to fight or flee, but she stood her ground. "You're doing exceptionally well," Alice said. "I am?" Bella didn't feel like she was doing well. She was uptight and stressed. The sound of everything around her grated on her nerves. Each new scent that wafted through her nose served as a distraction. Even her enhanced vision was aggravating. The burden on her senses almost nullified the burning pain that concentrated in her chest. Almost. "Considering you're actually holding a coherent conversation with me instead of trying to kill me… yeah. Your control has come a long way in the past few hours." Bella hoped it wouldn't take long for her to adjust. She yearned to feel like herself again. "You'll help me?" "We all will." Bella nodded. "Okay. I'll come back." ### As the Cullens' house came into view, an uneasy feeling settled over Bella. There would be at least three other vampires inside. She struggled to remember their names. It felt like an eternity since she'd been there, and her human memories were beginning to slip away. There was Esme, the woman who'd been the first to welcome her. She'd seemed the closest with Edward, and Bella wondered if everyone would be as forgiving as Alice implied. And Jasper. Just thinking about him sent a surge of fear through her, but without blood pumping through her veins, she didn't think he'd pose a threat. Carlisle had been kind and welcoming at one point, but Bella's last cognizant memory of the family's patriarch was of him threatening her life, and it didn't sound like he cared whether she was human or vampire. Edward had promised to protect her, but now he was gone. Surely Carlisle's revenge for whatever Edward had done wouldn't extend past the end of his existence. If it did, she knew at the very least she could outrun him. There were more, but Bella didn't recall seeing them in the house after her change. She hoped they wouldn't be there. Being around one other vampire made her paranoid enough. "We can go inside when you're ready," Alice said. Bella steeled herself and made her way to the door. When she grabbed the handle, the metal groaned beneath her grasp. Shocked, Bella yanked her hand away. "Gently," Alice cautioned. "Try gripping it with your thumb and forefinger, like this." She held up her fingers and made a pinching motion. "It will help you regulate your strength until you get a feel for it." Bella took Alice's advice. The door opened without any further damage. "Good job." Alice gestured inside. "Go on. Everyone's waiting to say hello." Bella entered the house first. Alice followed closely behind. When she reached the living room, she froze. She didn't notice the bright smile on Esme's face or Jasper's stoic presence in the corner. On the couch at the far side of the room, next to Carlisle, sat Edward. The dark black, ragged scar circling his neck stood out against his pale flesh. Fear gripped Bella, but it quickly gave way to shock and confusion. "You're alive." Edward tried to stand, but Carlisle's firm grip on his shoulder kept him in place. Beside her, Alice laughed. "It's gonna take more than pulling off his head to kill him, Bella." "You lied." She glared at Edward. "You liar!" Without a second thought, Bella lunged for him. In Bella's newborn state, it would have been hard for one vampire to overpower her, but Esme had surprise on her side. She took Bella to the ground with minimal effort. Alice and Jasper rushed to assist her. It took all three of them to keep Bella pinned to the floor. "Don't hurt her." Edward's voice was scratchy and barely louder than a whisper. "Get off me!" Bella screamed as she thrashed beneath the others. "Bella," Carlisle said in a soothing tone. He stood from the couch but remained by Edward's side. "You need to calm down." "You calm down!" she yelled. Jasper chuckled. Esme shot him a warning look. "I trusted you!" Bella used every ounce of strength she had to twist onto her back. She snapped her jaw inches from Alice's face, but she was no match for the three of them. "Why are you doing this?" The growl building in her chest turned into a sob. She stopped fighting and went slack on the floor. Her body convulsed as she cried without tears. "What is happening to me?" "Newborns," Jasper said. "It never gets old." When it became apparent that Bella had calmed down, Esme helped her to her feet. "Carlisle, she needs to hunt." "I know," he agreed. "I wish there were more of us. I'd call Emmett, but I don't think she can wait for them to get here." "I can help," Edward rasped. "No. You need to heal." Edward rested his head on the back of the couch. He knew he was in no condition to leave the house, let alone run and attack prey. He hated feeling helpless. He considered the girl his responsibility, and he hated pawning her off on the others. "It'll be fine," Jasper assured them. "We'll take her deep in the woods and stay close to her. We'll be back before sunrise." Edward watched as his family left with the girl. His girl. He was thankful Alice managed to bring her back. By the time he was well enough to chase after her, her scent would have been long gone. That didn't stop the jealousy from bubbling under the surface. He should be the one with whom she experienced the firsts of being a vampire. At least he no longer feared for her life. His only concern now was that she would leave while he was helpless to either stop or follow her. After her initial reaction to him, he worried it would be sooner than later. Lacking the energy to move, he lay down on the couch and curled on his side. The venom burned as it mended the crack in his neck. He'd have to hunt soon in order to keep his body functioning. If it weren't for his family reassembling him and Carlisle using his own venom to jump-start the healing process, he probably wouldn't have survived. As it turned out, those few minutes he spent in limbo were miserable. His senses had been cut off completely, yet somehow he still existed. It was uncomfortable, a wretched state to be in. He wondered if that was the fate in which all vampires were doomed. Perhaps there was no true death after all, only perpetual awareness with no sound, vision, scent, or feeling. He still wasn't sure whether or not to be thankful for Carlisle's intervention. ### "I don't know what to do," Bella admitted. "It's instinct," Alice chimed from behind her. "When you catch the scent, you'll know. Your body will take over." "Close your eyes and take a deep breath," Jasper suggested. Bella did as she was told. "What do you smell? What do you hear?" Bella zoned in to her surroundings. One scent in particular caused her throat to flare with pain. She sucked in a stuttering breath. "That's it," Carlisle said. "Follow