Authors note: Hey there! New story time? Sort of. This will be a biweekly story on the side of my new story to be posted on a weekly basis. My previous story is sadly coming to a close (May get a sequel maybe if I can bring myself to write it. Fingers crossed) Until then this is my 'new story' now that school is starting I will be writing on a weekly basis minus this one. This story gets biweekly because this story takes a lot more research than my weekly one will and I want to write this... right. Oh English puns. BIG WARNING: Character D eath . It is a freaking hospital AU, of course people die. You can be mad at me, but please try to restrain cursing me out. Other than that dearest go right ahead! Have fun. I'm going to cut right to the chase here, no bull, no tap dancing around the matter at hand. My name is Piper McLean... Yes, that McLean, and I was born sick. Only they didn't know I was sick until I was about twelve years old. I have been living with a disease called cardiomyopathy. Fancy word huh? Fancy for I'm probably going to die. Probably. Let's break this down a bit. Cardiomyopathy is a heart condition that focuses on the muscles. Now, as you probably know, your heart is entirely composed of muscle so this is already bad news. There are four main ways this disease can affect someone, A the muscles thicken, B the muscles grow causing the heart to become enlarged, C the muscles become like a fatty tissue as apposed to a muscle like it's supposed to be, or D the muscles harden like a shell. In most cases it's a combination of two or three. In my case, I have an enlarged heart that is hardening. Which means; instead of my fist being the same size as my heart (like it's supposed to be) it's, roughly, the size of a fully grown adult male. And yes, that is a very bad thing. You're a smart kid, you probably know that. There are a few extra problems on top of this. One, hard heart means it's nearly impossible for my heart to beat on its own. Two, heavy heart crushes lung sitting right underneath it. Life pretty much sucks. Mostly because I know they could have prevented this. Well, I mean, there is no cure, but had they known when I was born how sick I am they could have given me a drug that slows the condition down. Anyway, that isn't the point, the point is I'm sick. I have been for a while now. But I haven't been probably dying until today. Over these past three years I've been going to the doctor once every month to check on my condition. Only today... I entered the hospital waiting room by myself. My hands shoved deep in my jacket pockets, head down, earbuds with music still narrating my journey here. I see the nurse, a familiar face to me, smile. "Hey, Piper." She greets, handing me the sign in sheet. "Hey, Juniper." I say signing my name, "How goes it?" "Alright." She nods taking the clipboard back, "The doctor should be ready for you, I'll go see." "Oh, the doctor huh? He piss you off?" She rolls her eyes as she walks away. Juniper is dating my physician, Dr. Underwood. He's the head pediatrician at this hospital, despite the fact that he's the biggest dork alive. Or maybe that's a requirement, most of the pediatricians I've met are pretty ridiculous. I take a seat and flip through my music, but before I can decide on a song, Juniper is back. "He's ready for you." "Cool." I nod standing up. I hesitate for hardly a second as my blood flow readjusts to my standing. A trait I've simply become accustomed to over these years of my being sick. You get used to this kind of stuff. Juniper leads me into Dr. Underwood's exam room, "Oh, it's you." He teases with a dorky smile. "Sorry, Doc. Know you've got more important stuff to do than attend to me, but." I shrug taking a seat on the paper covered chair. "You're no trouble." He laughs taking down some notes, "How've we been?" He asks, as Juniper begins my examination. "Well, I'm still walking, talking, functioning as a basic human being. That's good." "Very good." He agrees, "How's school?" "Gross." "So, your mentality is still intact." He notes, "Made any new friends?" "What do you mean by new? I've never had friends." I laugh. "You're such a loving person, I thought you'd finally allow someone to see it. You've started High School correct?" "Yup. Worst decision of my life." I inform him. "Spot on. You've been taking your medication regularly?" "Yes, sir." "And you haven't missed an appointment." "That's because you're my best friend, Doc." "I'm so flattered." He chuckles, "Okay now, my turn for tests." He says as Juniper hands him the clip board with her evaluations. "So, are you really in the dog house?" I ask. Causing the two of them to laugh. "No, we're just professionals." He informs me. rolling his little stool over to the exam chair, "Right, honey?" "Yes, dear." Juniper chuckles. "Alright you know what to do." He says beginning his evaluation. "So, no boyfriend?" Juniper asks me. "No, ma'am." I tell her. "I wonder why not. A pretty girl like you?" Yeah, because everyone wants to date the school freak. Who just so happens to be so sick she can't even take gym. "I'm not pretty. I'm more of a silent terror." I tell her with a teasing smile. "Oh, so you're silent at school, huh? Why not here?" She teases back. "Breathe in." Dr. Underwood requests placing his cold stethoscope on my back. "I'm sure the boys are all just intimidated by you. I know I am." I roll my eyes at her comment. "Out." He says, I let the air deflate out of my chest. He continues to evaluate me before asking any questions, "Have you had any new symptoms?" He asks rolling back to his desk. "Not really." I say thinking back through these weeks since my last visit. "Not really?" He asks. "Well, I mean, stairs have gotten a little worse." I think back to my school days when I get to class panting from having to climb the stairs. "A little worse?" "Like it's harder for me to catch my breath." He takes note of that, "Anything else?" "I guess I've been more tired lately. But that's because of school, probably." He writes it down anyway. "Any trouble with school?" "With classes? No. With getting around? Only the stairs thing." I answer. "Alright, now for the tests." "Fun." I chuckle as we walk out of the exam room so I can get other tests done. Once my blood is drawn and my insides have had their selfie time, I get to hang out with Juniper and the other nurses, until my results come in. They gossip about the trauma nurses, apparently Brittany is pregnant and doesn't know who the father is. It's not at all weird for me to be around these people, they're honestly the only friends I have. Sad? A bit. But their lives really are as dramatic as Grey's Anatomy says. It's entertaining to me. After I found out I was sick, I stopped socializing with kids my age. Not that I did much socializing to begin with, but I suddenly didn't have anything in common with them. Which sounds cliché but there isn't much you can do about the truth, no matter how stereotypical it can be. "Piper." Dr. Underwood walks over to the nurses station, "We have your results back." Juniper and I stand up, following Dr. Underwood into his office. I love his office, because his office is a place for teenage boys. He's got a basketball hoop for crying out loud. You'd almost never guess that he knows every word to every Hillary Duff's So Yesterday, but he does. It's not at all relevant to this story, but I thought you should know. He sits on the edge of his desk as he pulls out the different papers from my tests. He knows I hate it when he beats around the bush. He wants to get right down to it. "Your blood count was especially low today, which was why we did the extra chest ultrasound." He puts my scans on the back light, "Your CT scan showed us that your heart has not grown much since your last appointment, which would be a good thing, but that's also why we're glad we did the extra tests." He pulls out another paper, reads it, and then says, "Your heart has hardened considerably since we last checked. Which is the reason for your low blood count. It's getting harder for your heart to pump blood on its own. We're going to need to get in contact with your dad." Three years ago I would have scoffed and said, "Good luck." But he's gotten better about taking calls from Dr. Underwood. "There's also something else." He pulls out the ultrasound images, "You see this?" He outlines a darker part of the image. I nod, "That would be your lung. You see how it looks like it's being pushed up?" I don't really, but I nod, " What's going on here is like what happens when you push on a balloon and it inflates around whatever is constricting it. In this case, your heart is weighing down on your lung. Hence why you've been experiencing shortness of breath. "Do you understand what I'm telling you?" "That I'm sicker than we thought." He nods, "We can help regulate your heart beat with a pacemaker which is what I need to get in contact with your father about. The other thing is, we can't wait any longer to put you on the donor list. You need a new heart." And that's what I meant by, I'm probably dying. Because, I don't know if you know this, but donors aren't easy to find. Especially when you need a heart for a teenage girl. I know that, Juniper knows that, and Dr. Underwood knows that. "Could you call your dad?" He asks. I pull out my phone and dial his number, "Tristan McLean's phone." His water boy answers, "Who is this?" "Piper, you know, his kid?" I always have hated his water boys. "What do you need?" "I need to talk to him." "He's a very busy man." "Don't you think I know that? Can you tell him I need to talk to him please?" He sighs, "They're in the middle of a scene." "I can wait, but not for long." I tell him. After a few minutes pass I hear the phone switch hands, "Pipes?" "Hi dad." I greet, "Dr. Underwood needs you to come down here." "What for?" I put the phone to my chest, "What do I tell him?" I ask Doc. "Tell him... Uh... Forms. I need him to sign forms! Yeah that's it." God, my doctor is a dork. "He needs you to sign some forms." "Can't he fax them over?" "Uh... Fax?" I ask Doc. "Tell him you need him here." "Dr. Underwood says I need you here." "I get out for a lunch break in thirty minutes. Can he wait?" "Thirty minutes?" Doc gives me a thumbs up, "We can wait." "Okay, see you then." "Bye." We hang up, "Don't you love my dad?" I ask. "Of course we do." Doc chuckles, "He gives me a good paycheck." "And me. He gave you me." I smirk. "Well..." He gives me a look. "You adore me." I tell him. "Duh, would have gotten rid of you ages ago if I didn't." He informs me. He pulls out the small