A/N: So, this was literally the only thing I was inspired to write. FIY I do know that my image of dresses in fairytales is warped, just go with it okay? I liked it better this way. Once Upon a Time, Long ago, in a far away land, there lived a young prince who was sent away by his father, to live with his cousins, for reason unknown to the boy. His cousins, young and fair, lived elaborate lives, as young heirs and heiresses should. There was Prince Perseus, the eldest of the cousins, and soon to be king of his province. There lived Princess Hazel and her siblings Prince Nico and Princess Bianca. And of course, the young boy who was in fact, Prince Jason. It seemed that this was a time of great joy. A time of splendid and remarkable love stories. Romance, seems to define this era. It was quite a remarkable tale, the story of Prince Perseus and his bride, Princess Annabeth. For the two had grown up together, always promised to one another. Their love had grown as nature had intended. Pure. Whole. Eternal. But their story is not to be told. There is the story of Princess Thalia running off on the day of her wedding to the young Prince Luke, for whom caused the uproar between the two kingdoms. A story which resulted in the Prince spending day and night for several months searching, until he happened upon her, and their love began. Their story is worn thin, and is not to be told again. Another such love story was that of the youngest Princess Hazel, and her beloved. Lord Frank, son of the highest officer in the royal armies. For it was their love that almost turned to tragedy. Lord Frank's father was not always a part of the royal guard. He was once an enemy to the crown, loyal to his own country, wishing to overthrow the kingdom that had disgraced his own. Even after Princess Thalia and Prince Luke were wed, the two kingdom's found themselves on the brink of war. But the young lovers, Frank and Hazel, brought the two kingdoms together, and married young. Again, it is not their story we will tell. We could tell the story of the Royal Smithy's son falling in love with the isolated, Princess Calypso. She who was held captive in her own palace, for her father's fear of losing his own power. It was Smith Master Leo who brought her to freedom and proclaimed her the true heir. It seems, however, that this is not our story either. No, the story we must tell is the story of Prince Jason. Heir to the throne, rumored to be the most humble of his cousins, even as he would someday rule over all of them. He was the most sought after prince, as he had always been eligible in the eyes of the people. Girls would swoon at the very thought of him, determined to make him theirs. We shall open our story on a day of utmost importance. The day our young prince discovered the reason behind his being sent away by his father, on the day that fate would be set in its stone. Prince Jason, only fourteen years of age, was in his sword play lesson, in the gardens of his Uncle's palace. Prince Perseus and Prince Nico sat by jeering the boy, laughing, and teasing him with every blow to their instructor. Prince Jason walked toward his cousins after his session had ended. "Don't the two of you have something better to do?" He asked smoothing back his sweat soaked hair, though it made no difference to its close cropped cut. "Oh, cousin, we never miss a chance to harass you." Prince Perseus assured him. "I'm certain a sixteen year old has nothing better to do." Jason rolled his eyes teasingly. "I'm not yet sixteen, don't treat me as your elder now. You'll waste what little humor you had to begin with by then." Percy returned. "I came along just to see if you'd get your head bashed in again." Prince Nico folded his arms and sent him a teasing smile. "It happens twice and suddenly it's a common occurrence." Jason sighed. He really had been upset with himself on that account. "Come now, cousin." Percy took Jason by the shoulders, "We must be positive with these failings of ours, especially when the most desired of the royal family, royally screws up." The two princes laughed as Jason huffed deeply. "Thanks guys, you are really true friends." The trio laughed until their tutor, Lupa, approached them. She bowed respectfully before saying, "Prince Jason, your father requests an audience." "My father?" Jason asked, with wide startled eyes, "Are you certain?" "Is he here?" Percy stepped forward. "Your highness, I am certain. Please, come with me." The three began to follow her, "Only, Prince Jason." She said sternly, causing the other two to back away and find another entrance to the palace. Jason followed his tutor, who was more like a mother to him than his own, into his Uncle's study. There sat the king of the current province, King Poseidon. King Hades stood beside his brother talking quietly, yet angrily about what ever it was they were arguing about. King Hades ruled the lands farther inland. The country had been split by the three king's father upon his timely death. Though King Zeus ruled over all the provinces in the land. King Poseidon's domain resided over the edges of the country. His lands bordering the seas, his province was well populated, and fortuitous in both harvest and trade. Beneath him ruled many lords and ladies of their own much smaller states. King Hades ruled the lands to the west, his province bordering many other unruly countries. It was under his lands that there was the most order and peace. Justice, was said of this land, to be the highest priority. It was at the time, that almost all of these many countries not within the borders of the three kings, were allies or to become allies. The whole continent was to become one, if King Zeus had his way, a time of great peace was to sweep the land. Or so, it was supposed to, if all went according to plan. "My Nephew," King Poseidon offered a pinched smile, "Please, come. Join us old men in our, discussion." "Discussion my ass." King Hades rolled his eyes. "Brother, please." Poseidon grit his teeth, still holding out an arm for his nephew. "Is my father here?" Jason asked walking to the Uncle who had given him a home for so much of his youth. "Of course he's here." Hades said walking to a sheltered alcove in the study that hid a very stern looking King Zeus, "Your son is here, brother, finally time to tell him your grand scheme, eh?" Jason had not seen his father's face in all of seven years. It was not a sense of familiarity that swept over him at the sight of his father. It was a cold sternness, a sense of knowing his place. "Son, come here, so I may see you." Jason walked cautiously but proudly toward him, observing his father's aged and tired face. He still looked as severe and brooding as ever, the harshness in his features seemed only the more prominent. "You look well." "Thank you, sir." He said formally. "Your training is going well, your marks are outstanding, so I've heard from your mother." "Thank you, sir." Jason bowed his head. "Son, it has come to my attention that your friends, even in their youth have already been promised to someone. Your sister, your cousins. What have you." "Yes... Sir?" "You have not been informed of your own betrothal, however." "My betrothal?" "Since the day of her birth, you have been promised to a young princess." "Why have I not known of this?" "Because, she was not yet a week old when she was stolen from her very cradle." Jason fell back just a little bit more, "Her mother had promised her first born daughter to marry you. The agreement is still in place. We have searched for the babe since she was found to be missing. However, it seems now that she will never be found." "And so?" Hades egged his brother on. "And so." Zeus continued, "It is apparent that we must find another bride for you." King Poseidon intercepted the conversation with his argument, "The boy is only fourteen brother, there is time still." "Poseidon, the child is more than likely dead, and my boy is in need of a wife. It's not as if you haven't done the same for your own son." "Yes, but I have given him time." "My son has no time, brother." Zeus said sternly. Jason spoke up hesitantly but with an edge of firmness, "Father? What do you mean?" "I have only so much time left." Zeus admitted under the judgmental eyes of his brothers, "And it has come time that you must begin to fulfill your duties as the future king. You must know what it entails. You will be married before you are twenty years of age." "Is he ill?" Jason asked his Uncles, as his father would never say. "He has some years left, nephew." King Hades placed a surprisingly gentle hand on his shoulder, "There is still time for you to learn." "Brother, do not coddle the boy. He is of fourteen years and must be aware of these things." "He is still a child, and I will treat him as I see fit." Hades spat back. "Jason, we will be taking you to a convening in the Capitol next week. There we will meet with Lord Apollo's Oracle. Heavens hoping, she helps us find your missing bride, or lead us to your new maiden." Poseidon told him gently. The young prince nodded slowly. It was not as if he hadn't know that he would be married off for political reasons. He'd come to expect it. The situation was what got to him more. His father's pending death, his missing bride, the prospect of becoming a king. He lost himself within the palace walls. Searching for anything to distract him from his current predicament. That's when he heard a voice ringing through the halls. " And it is love, that hath been kind to thee. For though it seems an ancient thing. Love will set us free. " He followed the fading voice down to a much smaller study. His cousin's bride to be, Annabeth, sat beside a young girl on the piano stool. The young girl was dirty, hair held back loosely and unevenly with an old thin kerchief, her face dusted with dirt. Her dress was patchy, holes covered with random oddly colored fabrics, dust and other grime stuck to the material. She was a mess, all but her hands. Her hands were clean of dirt and filth, the skin was rough, but still clean as they played the same chord twice on the piano before her. Beside her sat Princess Annabeth, Percy's betrothed at the time. She was much the opposite of the girl she sat so close to. Clean pure skin, dress made from the finest linens that she may only ever wear once, her hair was done in perfect fashionable ringlets. She sat hunched over looking miserable, while this girl sat upright and proper. Annabeth was having some difficulties hitting the note, but this girl seemed as though she'd never had trouble hitting any note at all in her life. "You're not really trying are you?" The young girl chuckled. "Not at all. But you already know my disposition toward music lessons." Annabeth laughed before leaning an elbow on the piano. "And what exactly would that be?" Jason chuckled leaning over the stair rail, leading into the study. "I absolutely detest it." Annabeth