Disclaimer : I do not own any of the Lord of the Rings characters just Raiyan and Fang among some random characters that may be mentioned in the story. Summary : Raiyan a Universal Transporter (U.P. for short) and a very close vampire friend called Fang visit a museum. They get sucked into the world of the Lord of the Rings. A place where neither of them ever expected to be able to go. On top of that they each assume the identities of one of the Fellowship and thus their adventure begins... Italics – thoughts " " – talking of course ' ' – elven language Chapter 1 Raiyan and Fang were in a museum looking at some artifacts because Raiyan wanted to look at them. Fang had agreed on one condition…Raiyan will not touch anything . But as you know Raiyan agreed but that does not mean he won't touch anything. He always touches something to get them into trouble thus the museum with who knows what that could trigger something unusual under Raiyan's curious touch. Fang watched Raiyan very closely with a knowing glint in his eyes but as always he got distracted by something else in the museum for just a second. That second was all that was needed for Raiyan to reach out and touch a golden ring. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Transport! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Ryan blinked and looked around himself when things came back into focus. He looked to be standing in a hallway and…dressed in an extremely weird outfit. A plainly but elegantly dressed women approached him, "Your highness the council is about to start if you would allow me to escort you there?" Highness? That's new…and weird Raiyan thought before he answered in a firm voice. "Yes of course" he said assuming the posture of royalty. It was a good thing he at least knew how to act but…Fang was going to kill him for getting into this mess. Either that or laugh his head off and tease him for all eternity. He almost groaned out loud at that thought but quickly silenced it before it could escape his vocal cords. It would not do to embarrass himself before he had a handle on the situation since he wasn't even positive where he was and who he was in this world. Did I transport into another dimension…I don't think so. Fang is so going to kill me if I somehow make it out of this he thought to himself. The women meanwhile had wrapped her around his and pulled him forward when he didn't seem to be responding. She led him to a secluded area while he wasn't paying attention. She wrapped her arms around his neck and brought her lips to his. She kissed him hard which knocked him out of his thoughts. Raiyan was going to push her away but his mind had already clouded over with sensations that her kissing was stirring inside him. Because of this he did, for a short little bit, actually kissed her back and wrapped his arms around her waist. It was when she started asking for entrance into his mouth with her tongue that he realized what she was doing and he pushed her away from him. "What..do you..think..you are…doing" he gasped breathlessly since they had been kissing for a while. She looked up at him seductively and said, "Kissing you M'Lord." She leaned towards him again and he put up his hands in protest, "I think not. You will desist immediately and take me to where the counsel is being held." The women put on a pouting expression, "But M'Lord-" But she was cut off when another uncommonly gorgeous voice sounded from a little away from them. "I would not argue with Legolas Persephony" Raiyan turned towards the voice and saw the most beautiful women he'd ever seen in all his years of traveling dimensions. She had long dark brown hair that reached her hips and piercing ocean blue eyes that looked to have thunder rolling around in them. Her skin looked to be flawless and she had plush pink lips that begged to be kissed. Persephony shot her a swift sharp look before bowing to her and him then leaving which looked more like she was stopping then walking. "I am sorry for her behavior. She has been raised by the men-folk and does not know much of ours ways. Are you alright?" the beautiful women apologized. "Its-It is quite alright. I'm fine. You do not need to apologize for her actions. It is she who should be doing so" Raiyan replied feeling a little nervous. Not because of how gorgeous she looked but because she seemed to know him or whoever he appeared to be but he didn't. "No, she is under our care thus she is our responsibility" she replied with a gentle smile which sent his heart thumping very loudly in his chest like it wanted to break out and put itself in her dainty beautiful hands. He shook his head lightly smiling politely back. "Alright then, apology accepted" he said before another women with blonde hair instead of the brown of the other women's approached her. "Lady Arwen the council is about to start and Lord Elrond requests your presence before it begins." So her name is Arwen AND she appears be of high birth and it appears that we are at least friends. That's nice to know he thought as the other women spoke. "Of course, thank you Shanya" Arwen replied kindly before turning her gaze back on Raiyan, "Would you like to accompany me since it appears we are going the same direction?" Yanked out of his thoughts once again abruptly he quickly nodded before catching his mistake and replied, "Yes, of course." Arwen approached him and stood as if waiting for him to do something. "Are you not going to offer your arm to escort me Legolas or do you want to stay here longer" she asked with an amused smile on her tempting lips. It took a second for Arwen's words finally reached his brain. "Oh! Yes of course, my apologies" he offered her his arm like he'd seen noblemen do in other dimensions he'd been too. Arwen took it and began leading him down the hallway they were in. Please help me not to do anything stupid in front of her! He thought frantically. They walked silently together and Raiyan decided to take inventory of himself which is what he should have done when he'd first appeared here but who could blame him when he had gotten distracted so soon afterward. Well, he still had his long blood red hair that reached his knee's although it was pulled back into a half ponytail braid at the back of his head and two little braids at the front of his loose hair just behind his ears. Wait, his ears! He reached up and touched the tip of his ears where he was feeling odd and they were pointed! That made him come to an abrupt halt in shock. "Are you alright Legolas?" came Arwen's voice. It broke him out of his shock and he turned his faze from blankly staring ahead to her. He quickly pulled his hand down to his side before she could take too much notice of it being up at his ear. He quickly blinked shaking his head as he answered her question, "I'm fine. Just thought of something quite shocking is all, but I really don't want to talk about it at the moment." He hoped he didn't overdo it in his reply to her. But Raiyan knew that he could only throw her off his scent, so to speak, for a short time. Especially if he wanted to spend more time with her. Surely at least until after this counsel would be enough time…surely. He felt uneasy about this whole situation. "Alright" Arwen said with a concerned tone but Raiyan didn't hear her as he was already sinking back into his thoughts again. They had started walking again and Raiyan started thinking of how they got there and what this place could be. Another dimension? Maybe, he certainly couldn't travel to different worlds. That wasn't part of his ability as a dimensional traveler. Hmmm, but that ring he'd touched had brought them there it was a possibility and he wasn't sure how to get out of there not that he really wanted to leave too badly at the moment. Waaaiiiit, this place was starting to sound familiar but from where or what? He thought hard about it and while he did so his gaze settled on Arwen's face where it stayed as the answer materialized in his mind. Wait…Arwen. Her name, I've heard it before and it came from…., he trailed off in thought as the answer solidified in his mind. It was so astounding he had to consciously stop himself from stumbling as that would only make Arwen more suspicious. I'm in Middle Earth. But that was only a book! He felt confused again, How did I get in a book? Unless…It was real all along and this Tolkien was really someone who could travel worlds and dimensions. In that case he was most likely a magic user. Well…this is certainly an interesting theory. This certainly meant that everything in the books he remembered would come to pass and he shouldn't interfere with what was supposed to happen or risk the whole war of this world going to opposite way. To Sauron winning. Raiyan frowned outwardly at that and knew that he must make sure Sauron does not know of his true abilities or he might try to use him. Hm, speaking of danger, he thought as they had just entered the counsel room, I wonder if… He cut off as his eyes came to rest upon Fang who was sitting on the other side of the room, Yup, he's here alright and I think he's mad. To say that Fang was just mad was an understatement. He was furious judging by the death glare he was giving Raiyan. "Aragorn," Elrond spoke up and Fang turned his glare off you could say as it was completely gone when Elrond looked at him, "I know that you do not want to be dragged into these things but please bear with it." Fang just nodded to him which made Raiyan guess that fang already knew what was going on around them for the most part. After all he had also read at the very least read those books too. The Lord of the Rings trilogy as it was referred to. He was a vampire after all and he was quick on his feet in any situation, as the phrase goes. "You're Highness!" someone called and Raiyan turned his head to see some more elves that had their hair style and cloths more like his. One walked over to him and bowed to both he and Arwen before speaking. "We are to sit over there Prince Legolas" he motioned where the other elves were waiting. "Alright," he turned and slipped Arwen's hand down to his before kissing it coupled with a bow, "Thank you for walking with me M'Lady." Arwen just smiled back but it switched downwardly when she caught a brief look into his eyes and saw the emotion there. But she didn't get to look long for Raiyan stood up straight and followed the other elf over to his seat. Fang flashed a look over to him that clearly spoke that they would be having a nice long talk . Raiyan winced inwardly at that thought and turned his attention gladly to Arwen who was taking with a man that he supposed would have to be Elrond, her father. Raiyan just stared at her practically the whole time she was there but left to what Raiyan would object to as too soon. It was then that he started noticing more of