Authors Note : Due to popular demand I am writing a Hunger Games Fan Fiction for all my loyal friends who like reading my stuff :P and so, the Hunger Games being one of my favourite series, I couldn't bring myself to write one small short story on it. That being said, it just so happens that it turned into a full out novel… woops… but oh well! I'm slowly revising and editing it cause… yeah so here you go! Revised first chapter! Also, I will post a song with each chapter… or maybe a few, that I think go really well with it or that I listened to while writing it. Just so you can enhance your reading experience… I'M CHEESY I'M SORRY! (To all of my friends who are actually in it, sorry I'm not sorry.) Love, Tris. *Radioactive - Imagine Dragons* (It's just so obviously perfect I don't need to explain myself.) MY BIRTHDAY Just another day here in district 3. I woke up to the sound of pounding hammers and the lights of welding torches. My dads car shop was already up and buzzing at the crack of dawn. I sat up and stretched my stiff muscles from laying on my makeshift bed on the top shelf in the storage area of the greasy place I call home. We don't have much for bedrooms here so I just sleep on an old mattress I put on a shelf, it's more comfy than you'd think actually. With a loud complaint from my stomach I figured I would nimbly climb down and go to look for my dad. Sauntering through the dirty car shop half awake was easy and I could probably do it fully asleep, I wandered until I heard him at the counter. He was on the phone this morning, maybe he has another important capitol job. He was so good with mechanical things he got called in for important or difficult fixes sometimes. I grabbed a bun from our old cupboards and sat to watch the capitol news on the television. I was suddenly jolted awake with the sudden thudding of my heart, head news anchor Andy Spanks reminds everyone watching: "Don't forget folks! It's the 100th annual Quarter Quell reaping tomorrow. So all you district people suit up and meet in the town squares by 9:00am. Don't be late! All of Panem will be watching!" He chirped his closing phrase and I switched off the television, trying not to hyperventilate. My dad walked in, and sat beside me. "Happy birthday Sweetheart." He said kissing my forehead. I've been through this stomach churning event every year since I was 12... There's no getting used to it. I knew a few kids who got picked to go to the arena, one of them had been my best friend from kindergarten. I watched her get murdered on my TV with the rest of the country that year. She was only thirteen when she was chosen… "I wouldn't consider it happy dad." I said grimly, "I get another paper with my name on it in that stupid bowl the day right before the Quarter Quell. If I ever get picked, this year will be the one. Just my luck huh?" I chuckled at my dark humour. He didn't do or say anything but wrap his big arms around me. He smelled like oil, gas, and car grease, an oddly comforting smell that I'd treasured since my mother died. "Don't think about it that way Poke." He used my nickname, "Don't let the Capitol ruin your birthday for you." He clutched me a little closer, I could almost feel the tension radiating through him. This should be a fun few days… That's my dad for you though, false hope isn't something he would give me. Honestly I was thankful for that, me and him both know that if I do get picked to go into the arena tomorrow, the chances of me coming out alive were very slim. At best. "So what's on the agenda for today dad?" I pulled away plastering a fake smile on my face and trying to change the topic. He bought it which was good, I hated him worrying about me. "I don't know, but it is your birthday after all." He smirked at me mischievously, his grey moustache twisted around the frames of his mouth. "And? Do I get a present?" My smile became genuine as he pulled out a small package from behind his back. "Here you go Sweetheart. Happy eighteenth." He sounded so pleased with himself. I took the small brown box from him and unwrapped it. Tearing it to shreds obviously form excitement and when I looked inside there was a small, silver piece of metal. I pulled it out and gasped, "You got the part!?" I rolled it over in my hands. The parts that twisted at both ends spun around in my fingers. "Yup! Just came in the mail this morning. I hope you like it." I hugged him, I had been asking for this part to my bike for ages. "I love it dad, thank you." I said into his chest, he chuckled and got up. When he stretched his old bones cracked in protest. "I'm glad you like it sweetie. Are you going to go put it on?" I nodded and started to head out the door of the small room. "Oh by the way! You got another letter this morning! It's on the front counter." I heard him already a few metres behind me, I waved to say that I heard him and ran towards where I kept my bike. I was always giving it upgrades but this part will finally finish the small engine I put on it. My dad must have ordered it specially made because the engine I designed was so different than any other one that could be built. I realized I was still in my pyjamas then, and I decided I'd better change into my clothes before I worked on my bike. Since it was the day before a Reaping I had no school, which was good I guess. I get my birthday off, even though I have never really liked birthdays, simply because I get another paper with my name on it in the Reaping bowl. I turned around and weaved my way through the machinery until I found the tool box that held my clothes. I found my favourite pair of jeans, they were ripped, and stained but they were the comfiest. I threw on a dirty plaid shirt with a black tank top underneath and laced up my old work boots. The front counter wasn't too far from where I was now… I should go get the other letter my dad was talking about. I have no idea who in the world would send me a letter. I climbed to the top of the shelving units that ran along the walls of the shop and walked across them towards the front. Once I reached the end of the shelves I jumped and grabbed hold of a rafter in the ceiling, from there it was a small 10ft. jump from the rafter to the top of the bookshelf beside the counter. From the bookshelf I just jumped to the counter and grabbed the letter that was sitting waiting for me. I have been climbing around this place since I could walk so it was second nature to me, for some reason my dad still worried I'd hurt myself. "The bookshelf is going to break one of these days." He said without looking up from the filing cabinet he was searching. "And I really wish you would stop swinging around the rafters." He chuckled, which took away from the seriousness of his statement. I just rolled my eyes and studied the plain white envelope, it had just my name on the front. "This didn't come in the mail did it?" I looked at him accusingly. "It couldn't have, there's no stamp." I turned it over, "Or address." My eyebrows furrowed and he smirked. "Well open it and find out who sent it to you. I was sworn to secrecy." He finished grabbing the papers he needed and headed towards his office where he spent most of his time. He didn't do much of the grunt work anymore. He left the oiling, welding, and building to me and the rest of his crew. Dad did most of the paper work simply because he was getting to old. I sat on top of the counter and dangled my legs over the side, slipping my finger into the envelope and ripping the paper. I slid out the white piece of paper and unfolded it. In bubbly scribble I recognized easily it said: Dear Tris, Happy 18th birthday you old coot! In honour of such a momentous occasion your friends are sending you on a treasure hunt! Make sure to bring a bag with you. The first thing you'll need is sitting right under you! Good luck you crazy cat ninja! *mauls with hug* Liv OXOOO I rolled my eyes again, of course my crazy cousin would set something like this up. I jumped off the counter and looked underneath it. Hidden away, in the darkest corner was a glass bottle. I reached back to grab it and when I pulled it out I knew exactly where to go. A bottle of Black Ice vodka, me and her had very distinct memories with such an alcohol. Almost running towards the back door I grabbed my purple bag that was hanging on my tool box and threw the bottle inside with the rest of the contents. I climbed up the shelves again and walked along the tops, making my way to the other end of the shop. I will have to put the part for my bike engine in later. I hopped onto one of the thin metal pillars that helped hold up the huge machine that the workers used to lift cars into the air to see underneath them. Wes, one of the young men that worked on the cars in my dads shop, called up to me while I sat on the tall shaft, pulling my blonde hair back into a messy pony tail. "Hey Tris! don't you have school? Your old man doesn't want you wasting your life around here like the rest of us yeah know." He smiled up at me. I hopped down from my pedestal and gently landed on the suspended cars roof with a light thud, then climbed down to stand in front of him. "I wouldn't mind spending my life working on cars and getting dirty all day. If yeah know what I mean." I giggled mischievously, "But, no. Schools out today because of the Reaping that's tomorrow… Remember?" I leaned against a giant tire. He laughed, Wes was one of my friends I'd had since I was little. He was about two years older than I was, so he was lucky enough to be out of the running for the Reaping for good. He had the same dirty blonde hair I had but it spilled off his head in curls and waves. He knew more about cars and trucks than I did even, our dads were best friends so it was kinda destiny that we had to be. He was a good three times bigger than I was, which was terribly noticeable now as I craned my neck up to look at his always smiling face. "I don't know how you just move around the machinery like that. It's like you're a monkey or something. It sucks about the Reaping tomorrow though, I hope it doesn't ruin your- Oh!" He suddenly seemed to remember and started digging around in his pockets, he quickly pulled out a silver necklace and handed it to me. "Happy birthday!" He beamed, blue eyes bright and happy. I gasped, the