Hey Guys! I'm new to writing so I thought it would be a good think to try and write a twilight story! The same old Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or any of the magnificent characters (unfortunately) but lucky for me I get to keep MY characters, so yeah; they're mine :D Enjoy! xx P.S this first part is from the book New Moon, but I skipped some thing out " You… don't... want me? I tried out the words, confused by the way they sounded, placed in that order. " No" I stared, uncomprehending, into his eyes. He stared back without apology. His eyes were like topaz-hard and clear and very deep. I felt like I could see into them for miles and miles, yet nowhere in their bottomless depths could I see contradiction to the word he'd spoken. " Well, that changes things" I was surprised by how calm and reasonable my voice sounded. It must be because I was so numb. I couldn't realize what he was telling me. It still didn't make sense. He looked away into the trees as he spoke again. "Of course, I'll always love you… in a way. But what happened the other night made me realize that its time for a change. Because I am… tired of pretending to be something I'm not, Bella. I am not human" He looked back, and the icy planes of his perfect face were not human. "I've let this go on for too long, and I'm sorry for that" "Don't" my voice was just a whisper now; awareness was beginning to seep trough me, trickling like acid through my veins. "Don't do this." He just stared at me, and I could see from his eyes that my words were far too late. He already had. "You're not good for me, Bella" he turned his earlier words around, and so I had no argument. How well I knew that I wasn't good enough for him. I opened my mouth to say something, and then closed it again. He waited patiently, his faced wiped clean of all emotion. I tried again. "If… that's what you want." He nodded once. My whole body went numb. I couldn't feel anything below the neck. "I would like to ask one favour, though, if that's not too much," he said. I wonder what he saw on my face, because something flickered across his own face in response. But, before I could identify it, he'd composed his features into the same serene mask. "Anything," I vowed my voice faintly stronger. As I watched, his frozen eyes meted. The gold became liquid again, molten, burning down into my mine with an intensity that was overwhelming. "Don't do anything reckless or stupid," he ordered, no longer detached. "Do you understand what I am saying?" I nodded helplessly. His eyes cooled, the distance returned. "I'm thinking of Charlie, of course. He needs you. Take care of yourself- for him." I nodded again. "I will," I whispered He seemed to relax just a little. "And I'll make you a promise in return," he said. "I won't come back. I won't put you through anything like this again. You can go on with your life without any more interference from me. It will be as if I'd never existed." My knees must have started to shake, because the trees were suddenly wobbling. I could hear the blood pounding faster than normal behind my ears. His voice sounded farther away. He smiled gently. "Don't worry. You're human-your memory is no more than a sieve. Time heals all wounds for your kind." "Goodbye Bella," he said in the same quite, peaceful voice. "Wait!" I chocked out the word, reaching for him, willing my deadened legs to carry me forward. I thought he was reaching for me, too. But his cold hands wrapped around my wrists and pinned them to my side. He leaned down and pressed his lips very lightly to my forehead for the briefest instant. My eyes closed. "Take care of yourself," he breathed, cool against my skin. There was a light, unnatural breeze. My eyes flashed open. The leaves on a small vine maple shuddered with the gentle wind of his passage. He was gone. XxXxXx XxXxXx XxXxXx XxXxXx "Edward!" I cried out helplessly, my legs suddenly becoming unstuck, I walked deeper into the forest hoping that he would hear me and come back. I looked around frantically. I was about continue on walking when my legs suddenly gave up on me, I landed on the forest floor with a soft thud, my face pressed against the leaves; I didn't even try to get up, there was no will in me. Quickly, I fell into a deep sleep. I awoke suddenly when I heard a twig snap not far from where I was laying. "Is this her?" a male voice asked, he sounded like a angel though I didn't open my eyes I was too tired, I heard some shuffling followed by an excited gasp. This time it was a female who spoke, sounding even more angelic then the man. "Yes, it is" she exclaimed softly, softly moving my hair out of my face, causing me to open my eyes, my eyes widened slightly in fear when I saw two pairs of red eyes staring back at me, I looked at them for a moment then went limp waiting for the painful bite. There was no use in trying to get away from them. "Are you sure it's her? Why does she look dead?" the man asked again, he was full of questions wasn't he? I heard the girl huff in annoyance. "Yes, I am sure it is her. And I'm not sure… what is she doing here anyway?" she mused out loud; I opened my eyes, finally coming to the conclusion that they're not going to kill me. I looked up at the two human-feeding vampires, they looked no older then 15 or 16, the girl had blonde hair while the boy had dark brown, though they did look similar; must be twins. "Who are you?" my voice was so soft, I could hardly hear my self, even the two vampires had to lean forward to hear me. The girl smiled softly and looked at me with soft eyes, "My name is Jane and this is my brother Alec, we are here to collect you" she told me quietly, obviously not wanting to scare me. My eyes squinted in confusion, "collect me?" I asked confused, why would they want to collect me? Had Edward changed his mind and wanted to stay with me, even though I was a flimsy weak human? "Sleep, la mia regina. I will explain everything to you when you awake…" Jane whispered quietly, I felt someone pick my up and felt the unnatural wind flow through my hair. I nodded weakly, slipping into a nightmare filled sleep. "Edward?" I called out into the darkness, a chill making its way up my spine when I felt eyes watching me. I walked around carefully; I looked around and saw a light in the distance. I faintly heard…roaring? I ran towards the light, ignoring the pain from the branches creating scratches on my exposed skin. When I made it out in the clearing I gasped, there was Edward but it wasn't him… he actually looked like a vampire. He had venom dripping from his mouth with his teethed bared at something, I looked at his eyes and chocked back a scream, they were dark red and cold. His eyes were focused on something in the trees, I followed his gaze and my eyes widened when I saw a man, well I think it's a man, I couldn't see it's head, because it was covered in shadows . "She's MINE!" Edward snarled, charging towards the mysterious vampire who in return snarled so loudly the ground shook and charged towards to Edward, obviously set on killing him. They reached each other and it sounded like a lighten strike when they collided. I ran towards them, "No! Leave him alone! Stop!" I yelled I was almost to them when I hit an invisible barrier not allowing me to get closer. "No!" I screamed, trying to get their attention but they obviously didn't hear me because they continued, Edward put the vampire in a chokehold and I felt my heart beating wildly in my chest, why was I worried about this mystery vampire? I let out a breath and suddenly they both turned towards me, Edward grinned evilly and dropped the man, stalking towards me. "Bella…" he spoke quietly, letting my name roll off his tongue, I shivered but not in pleasure. I took a step back and he narrowed his eyes at me, suddenly he was knocked to the ground and I saw the mystery vampire on top off him and I gasped loudly when I saw his face, he was beautiful. He had blonde hair, which was almost white, his chin was strong and narrow, his lips looked so soft and red and I stumbled forward when I saw his eyes, they were blood red but they didn't scare me, they were beautiful, I could see some specks of gold in them, I opened my mouth to say something but he beat me too it. "Run! Run Isabella!" He yelled, struggling against Edward, making his biceps tremble, I stood staring at this magnificent creature until his words sunk into me, I quickly spared a look at Edward then ran back towards the darkness. I heard growling behind me but I didn't dare look behind me, I pushed all the branches out of my way running deeper and deeper into the forest. I tripped on a root and felt a pain in my ankle, I cried out when I felt the pain shoot up my leg when I tried to move it. I smelt something disgusting in the air and I looked where I came from and saw there was smoke in the air, I held my breath my heart beating frantically, did Edward escape the beautiful vampire? I heard running feet coming towards me, I closed my eyes and it suddenly stopped. I slowly opened my eyes and let out a shriek when I saw Edward about 5 cm away from me. He inhaled deeply through his nose closing his eyes and growled lowly in his chest, I shuffled back slowly and his eyes snapped open and gripped my bad ankle tightly, I cried out in pain and he smiled darkly. "Your blood smells delicious when you are scared, Bella" he groaned, I felt my heart speed up and I started breathing heavily. "Please, let go of me, please Edward," I pleaded, whimpering when his gripped tighten on my foot. He just looked at me, tilting his head to the side like a broken doll and smiled widely showing his sharp teeth. "Love you Bella" he mocked darkly and shot forward, with his teeth bared. I shot up, a scream caught in my throat. I looked around frantically, calming down instantly but confusion took its place. Where was I? I was in a room, and it was beautiful. ( A/N The link for the bedroom is on my profile) Just before I was going to explore the room there was a knock at the door, I quickly ran towards the bed and straightened out my clothes, "Um… come in" I called out quietly. The door opened slowly and I saw that it was the girl that I saw before, Jane I think her name was. "Hello Isabella, did you sleep well?" She asked, I nodded quickly, I couldn't tell a complete stranger I had a dream about a mysterious vampire and my ex tried to kill me. She smiled slightly, "that's great, um the Masters request your present in the main hall…" she took in my appearance and gestured towards a room in towards the left