Regaining Hope It was now official, I was to be a part of the Fellowship, to help the hobbit Frodo, destroy the one Ring. I was already friends with Aragorn a Ranger of the North, the Dunedain, I have aways known that he was really the rightful heir of Gondor but I had kept his secret. Though I was most surprised when the Prince of Mirkwood Legolas Greenleaf, blurted out Aragorn's true lineage at the Council. The shocked faces around the circle would stay with me for a very long time. I barely knew who the others were but, I could tell at once I would be very good friends with Merry and Pippin. Even Gimli was surprisingly kind to me, even saying that he would protect me should I ever need it. Legolas had of course overheard that and snorted and muttered, "Will anyone realise you are even there? You are very short." and that is where the insults started. o0o We had journeyed for a while now and we are currently having a rest. Gandalf was attempting to open up a dwarven door but so far, he was having no luck. "Dwarf doors are invisible when closed." Gimli was saying near where I was. "Yes Gimli! Their own masters cannot find them, if their secrets are forgotten!" replied Gandalf. Boromir and Legolas were besides me as I watch the water. This water felt weird, I could have sworn I saw a ripple descend from nowhere. "Why doesn't that surprise me!" Legolas remarked smirking at Gimli. "Ach!" Gimli retorted "We keep it like that, so outsiders like you can never get in!" "Why would I want to go in a dwarven area?" I roll my green eyes as I knew where this was heading, yet again. "There is nothing that interests me." "We take good care of jewels and gold." began Gimli. "Yes, and look where that got you," exclaimed Legolas "A dragon stole your ho-," "ENOUGH!" I shouted at the pair of them. I felt many eyes on me but I was past caring. Surely I was not the only one who had had enough of these two squabbling amongst themselves. It had started in Imladris and I had finally snapped. "We are all fighting for the same side are we not?" I look to Gimli then to Legolas then back at Gimli who had the decency to look to the ground "Why must you both act like spoilt children with all this bickering. There really is no need for it." "He started it!" replied Gimli, pointing his finger at Legolas. I saw Legolas glare back at Gimli. "I don't care who started it, it ends now!" I remarked, walking away from the pair of them. Why couldn't they be friends? Gandalf had tried every language he knew but he just could not get the door open. Merry and Pippin were throwing rocks at the calm water. There was something about this water that made me feel uneasy. I had heard stories about a strange creature called The Watcher being around here, but I wasn't completely sure if the stories were true or not. Gandalf was now sitting on a rock staring at the doors, clearly baffled. I somehow knew I had to warn him about a dream I had had. I walk towards him. Unaware that Legolas had seem me looking worried. "*Ando Eldarinwa…a lasta quettanya, Fenda Casarinwa." said Gandalf. "Gandalf!" I whisper to him, still unaware that I was being watched. "Hmmm!" replied Gandalf looking at me. "There's something I should warn you about, I just had another vis-," I trail of as Gandalf looked me right in the eyes and I somehow knew, he already knew "Gandalf!" I add. "What will be, will be. My dear Maya!" smiled Gandalf but his smile did not meet his eyes. "Thank you!" he adds before looking at the doors again. For a second I just watch him, wide eyed, then leave him alone and walk in a darkened part of the cave hoping that dream will never come true. "Are you alright Maya?" asked Legolas softly. "I'm fine!" I lied to him. "I can see that you are not fine," he whispered, facing me "You look troubled." "Nothing gets past you, does it Legolas?" I reply, gracing him with a smile. "Not when I see something is upseting you..Is it because of Gimli and I?" I shook my head. "No, it's not about you both!" I whispered. "Maya!" whispered Legolas surprising me by cupping my cheek "do not hesitate in talking to me if things get to much for you." I smile at him. "Thank you, that means the world to me." o0o Both Merry and Pippin were about to throw some more rocks in the water but, Aragorn stopped them. "Do not disturb the water!" warned Aragorn, somberly. I watch the water now as did Aragorn and Boromir, I could have sworn I saw a ripple in the water. I only hoped Gandalf solved the riddle on the door very soon, as I sensed something was about to happen. It was a few minutes later and I heard Frodo speaking to Gandalf, "It's a riddle!" As I continued watching the water, I could see the ripples turning into waves. Maybe those stories about The Watcher were true! "Speak friend... and enter. What's the elvish word for friend?" I heard Frodo say. The ripples in the water, were now heading towards the shore and I caught Pippin's worried gaze. I really hoped trouble would stay at bay. "Mel..lon!" Gandalf replied. I turn around and saw the doors swing open. I sighed in relief, we could finally move on. Gandalf leads the way through the doors and I caught him place a crystal on the top of his staff. "Soon Mr Elf, you will enjoy the fabelled hospitality of the dwarves. Roaring fires! Malt Beer! Red Meat off the bone!" remarked Gimli. Gandalf blew on his crystal and a light was now coming out of it. "This my friend is the home of my cousin Balin and they call it a Mine!" continued Gimli, as we made a way through the doors. Gandalf's light from the crystal, meant we could see many skeletons on the stairs in front of us and my heart lurched at the thought of what had happened here. "A Mine!" said a joyful Gimli, who clearly had not seen what we were now witnessing. "This isn't a mine, it's a tomb!" points out Boromir and I knew he was right, this was a tomb. Everywhere we looked, there were arrows sticking out of the skeletons. I heard Gimli cry out, "Nooooo! NOOOOOOOOOOoooooooo!" Legolas bent down and pulled out an arrow from one of the skeletons, He looks at it in disgust. "Goblins!" Legolas spat, before dropping the arrow down. I knew we had to leave straight away. "We make for the gap of Rohan. We should never have come here," exclaimed Boromir "Now get out of here! Get out!" Suddenly a massive tenticle had come from the water and had grabbed onto Frodo, and was pulling Frodo back to the entrance of the cave. I realised at once, this was The Watcher. Everyone was now shouting as Sam managed to slash the tenticle with his sword, which let go of Frodo. Merry and Pippin were very quick to pull Frodo back, away from the danger in the water. We all watch the tenticle retreat and I actually thought that was the end of it. That was not to be, as many more tenticles jump out of the water, knocking both Merry and Pippin over and had grabbed onto Frodo again, by the leg and was pulling him back again. Frodo was now high in the air, above the water. We were all frantic as Boromir, Aragorn and I were slashing the tenticles that were everywhere while we tried to reach Frodo but with little success. Legolas fired his arrows at the tenticle which was holding Frodo but his arrow did not make any difference, it was refusing to let Frodo go! As we cut many tenticles, Boromir, Aragorn and I noticed more were taking the previous ones place. The tenticle which was holding Frodo was now moving towards the centre of the water, where a body was slowly coming out of the water with a huge gaping mouth with sharp looking teeth. Frodo was now screaming for help as Boromir and I were cutting another tenticle. Aragorn was now cutting through the tenticle that was holding Frodo who then falls down to which Boromir quickly catches him. "Into the Mines!" shouted Gandalf and we didn't need to be told twice. "Legolas!" shouts Boromir. Legolas fires another arrow into The Watchers body. I heard it groan and stop moving. That was our cue to hurry through the doors. Of course The Watcher was back on form and was chasing after us. It tores at the doorway, making the doorway crumble blocking the entrance. We had no choice now, but to press forward into the unknown. The only light now, was on Gandalf's staff and a foreboding feeling had crept into me, and I had a weird feeling that it had something to do with that dream I have had. We continue walking until Gandalf suddenly stops, we all look at the narrow bridges and disused mines. There were many ladders and chains around. "The wealth of Moria is not in gold, or jewels, but Mithril!" remarked Gandalf, looking at a silvery white line in the rockface and gently touches them. He then shines his staff into the cave below us and we all look down at the now abandoned mine. We then carried on walking for a while until Gandalf suddenly stops and looks around. "I've no memory of this place!" remarked Gandalf. I knew we would be here for a while so I sat down on a rock besides Frodo and Sam. "Elves shouldn't really be in here!" I heard Gimli say and I groaned. "Here we go again!" I muttered under my breath. "Yet, here I am!" smirked Legolas. Frodo moved away and was looking in the darkened cave. I watched as Gandalf started speaking to him but it was not my business to listen in. Again I could hear the bickering between Legolas and Gimi. It was really winding me up. "It smells down here." That did it, I had no idea who had said that, but I did notice Legolas glare at Gimli. I got up and went to him who was still giving Gimli countless dirty looks. "Why are you letting him wind you up?" I whispered to him, noticing Aragorn was listening in. "He gets on my nerves." "Legolas, you are older and wiser than Gimli." "Maya!" frowned Legolas, crossing his arms over his chest. "You know I speak the truth and yet you are acting like a child," Legolas was watching me intently "I know elves and dwarves have had a massive grudge among one other for a long time but as I said earlier, we are all on the same side!" "Maya, his the one who starts the snide comments." replied Legolas, glaring at Gimli again. Without thinking, I cupped Legolas face, forcing him to stop looking at him. "Ignore him," I urged him "Gimli will soon grow bored of pressing your buttons." Legolas took my hands away from his face and held them tenderly in his own. "I'll shall try." whispered Legolas, gracing me with a warm smile. "Oh! it's that way!" we heard Gandalf say and I watch Gandalf stand up. "He's remembered!" remarked Merry. "No, but the air doesn't smell so foul down here. If in doubt, Meriadoc, always follow your nose." said Gandalf heading towards one of the entrance ways. I gently took my hands from Legolas's grasp and smile at him, before following Gandalf, Frodo and Sam to the next stage of our