Hello all! this is a new one - shot series that will follow the adventures of the students in the university. Most of it will follow both Jason and Reyna, but solely a friendship and nothing romantically. I dont know how often I'll update. I'm a college student and I have a lot of other commitments other than just school work (and just that takes a lot of my day already). Please excuse me if there is any grammar mistakes that escaped my inspection. Disclaimer: this wouldn't be published on if i owned any of these characters! I hope you all enjoy my story! There is some vagueness but that's because I am planning on updating this fic in a month or so! Read on and enjoy! RA means Residential are comparable to the head counsellor or legionnaire, overseeing the floors and making sure okay is okay. Welcome to Maximus University, a small private institution located in a small peninsula of the United States. With a student body of approximately two thousand undergraduates, the school is proud of its long lasting traditions, established since ancient times. Maximus University is extensive, with two very distinct living communities, also known as Camps. Camp Half-blood holds majority of the east side of the campus, with five building under its name. Every building is different, and every floor within these buildings have a different theme, all named after ancient Greek gods and goddesses. Camp Jupiter is home to the west side of campus, with five buildings as well. However, the buildings in Camp Jupiter are referred to as cohorts, following the example of ancient Rome military. Camp Jupiter sits besides the small town of New Rome where our students can enjoy some down time. Between the university and New Rome runs the Small Tiber river, where students can spend last summer days enjoying the cool water before the classes start. A group of four students were having fun by the river; one out of the two boys in the group was shirtless and wearing swimming trunks while the two girls were both wearing shorts and bikini single boy was wearing a purple shirt which read SPQR across its chest, one of Camp Jupiter's merch, with khaki shorts. "Come on, join us in the water Jason." Said Gwen to him, who was knees deep in the river. Unlike most rivers, the small Tiber had crystal clear water. No one really knew why, but Jason was sure that some science student had the answer. "Sorry to ruin the party but we have a small RA meeting after this soon, as you probably forgot," Jason Grace was an RA for the first time this year. He was going to join the RAs in the fifth cohort, at Camp Jupiter. Gwen was also an RA, for two years now. She was a senior who decided to stick around for one last semester, so she was graduating this December. Jason was going to miss her. He didn't have much friends like her. "Students are going to start moving in tomorrow so we are just going to get recap about the schedule tomorrow." "So excited to have you guys as RAs in the building, man." Said Dakota, who was relaxing in the water, "Sure, you aren't my RA but it's still super helpful to know that you have my back man." Jason rolled his eyes. "Who's your RA?" He asked his friend. He knew most of his fellow RAs by face and name but he has yet to remember which floor they were assigned to. There was two RAs he still failed to meet because, as the story goes, they were busy with some other engagement. "Um, Cato." Dakota said. Jason nodded; the knew the tall brunet by the name of Cato. He seemed pretty chill and lenient, so hopefully Dakota could stay out of trouble with him as his RA. "How about yours, Hazel?" He asked the short girl. He had met her just a few weeks ago. She had moved in early with authorization because of a situation back home. Jason knew how it felt to have family issues so he never pressured her to speak about it. It never helped. "Um, the door tag in her front of her room says that her name is Reyna." She said, her legs inside the water but she was sitting off in the edge. "I love Reyna. She's like my best friend. She's a junior like you. Always lived in Camp Jupiter. I can't believe you guys haven't met yet." Gwen said, although she was mostly speaking to Jason. "But I don't blame you. She's always busy with something or the other. However, I … didn't see much of you since last fall..." Jason knew what she was referring to. Last fall, he met a few people from Camp half-blood. There was no feud between the two living communities, but both were really proud. Jason started hanging a lot with Piper and Leo, over at their dorm room at camp half-blood. It led him to miss out on a lot of things over at Camp Jupiter. After he and Piper broke up … well, it would be awkward to hang out around Camp Half-blood when he didn't live there. Little to say, he didn't visit CHB as much anymore, unless it was to visit his cousin Percy and his best friend Leo. "I'm hope to see more of Reyna more this semester. It's my last semester after all! She is sworn to hang out with me. She works too much." Jason nodded slowly. Reyna was one of the girls who he haven't met yet. This was her second year as an RA so she was already acquaintance with the people above them, and they were lenient with her in allowing her to come in today while every other RA moved in days ago. "Cool." He said, not knowing what else to say. He quickly checked his clock. thirty minutes until the meeting … "Hey guys, Gwen and I have to go. See you guys soon. Let's go Gwen." He said, pulling over the blonde haired girl. Approaching the fifth cohort building, they stumbled upon two SUVs. Jason simply assumed it was the last two RAs moving in but last time he checked, the two RAs were a girl and a boy but following the hints of the suitcases, boxes, and other décor items from the SUVs, it was two girls moving in … or the same girl? Who needed two SUVs in order to move their things? "OH MY GODS!" He heard Gwen exclaim before she went running toward the SUVs. He lost her from his sight, hiding behind the cars but he simply assumed she just saw an old friend. He continued his way toward his room. One of the privileges of being RA, he had his own room so he didn't have to share with a roommate. He hooked his phone to the charger once inside his room. No texts or calls or anything. There was a pang of disappointment in his chest but he ignored it. Jason walked out his room, located on the third floor, and decided it was time to head toward the meeting. Where was Gwen anyways? He walked toward her room on the other side of the third floor but couldn't find her there. Making his way to the second floor, he found her in the RA room. Well, he heard her before he actually saw her. She was speaking to the girl called Reyna. Speaking was a stretch … it seemed more like a disagreement, only because he didn't want to call it arguing. "I don't see a reason why you two broke up!" Gwen chimed. Jason stood beside the door, overhearing. "Well, then you date him!" Reyna answered, her tone annoyed and a bit confused as to what Gwen wanted her to say. Jason neared closely to the door, behind the wall so they won't catch him eavesdropping. "You know what I mean!" Gwen countered, seated on Reyna's desk chair while the other girl was actually unpacking. "You said it was magical last time I spoke to you about him. What could possibly happen in one month that it went from magical to a tragic break up? Remember that last we all hung out?" Jason didn't know Reyna well. He didn't know her at all. But he knew Gwen pretty well. Her tone suggested that she was not happy with Reyna breaking up with this unnamed character. Gwen was usually very understanding; she comforted him when he and Piper broke up. But right now, Gwen seemed more like a big gossip rather than his understanding friend. "Barely. We all got drunk, remember?" "You sung karaoke to Chicago's All that Jazz and he was your back-up dancer! It was so much fun. I never saw you have so much fun before. He was good for you, Reyna! You never act like that before. You and him were … I don't know how to explain it. if I had a relationship like that, I wouldn't be complaining." Jason frowned deeply. That sounded so unlike Gwen! What was possibly going on? "I …. That may be so but that isn't everything to an actual relationship. He was … exhausting." Jason swore he felt a hint of guilt in Reyna's voice. But he might be imagining it; he didn't know this girl after all. "Yes, he was funny and smart, and caring and sweet but …. maybe I'm not looking for that, maybe it wasn't the right person. I don't know! Love always confuses me. It just didn't feel right. it felt … bland. Mich-" "Ahem!" His soul almost escaped his body! Gods, that scared him. he spun on his heels and turned around. There was a tall girl standing behind him. She had long hair and scary eyes. Her eyes was almost at the same level as his, and he was 6"1. She had a raised brow, probably questioning him why he was standing there. "Oh Jason." He heard Gwen say and soon she appeared under the door frame. "Don't worry, Hylla. He's an RA here." "RA or not, he was spying on the conversation." Hylla said dryly, making her way into Reyna's room, but not without nudging her shoulder against his own, giving him a death glare. "Are you ready to go to the meeting?" He asked Gwen. "Oh, wait for Reyna. She's coming too." Jason nodded, resting his back against the wall. He took a glance inside Reyna's room. She had so much stuff already in her room … No wonder she needed two cars to carry all of this stuff. He noticed a few simple posters rolled up over her bed, not yet hang up. Her bedding was purple and gold, two .. were those two pillow pets? If he was correct, she had two pillow pets in the shapes of dogs, one golden and the other silver. "What were you two talking about?" He heard Hylla ask Reyna. "Nothing." "Please, Reyna. Just tell the truth: you don't want to tell me. I'm not a little girl. I can handle the truth. I'm the older sister, remember?" "I have a meeting." "I'm just going to put your last things in here and then leave." "Alright." He heard Reyna say. There was a small silence before the speaking resumed. "Tell bye to Kinzie for me. Thanks to driving me up, and tell Kinzie that I said thanks too. She didn't need to come to drop me off." "You're right. She didn't need to come. We both have plenty of work to do. But if I didn't come, who would? Dad is sick and Mom, well," She snickered, "We both know not to expect her unless we are dying. Love ya, kiddo." "Love you too. I'll see you at the wedding." Reyna appeared under the door frame a few seconds later. "Ready to