Out of the corner of my eye, I see Peeta extend his hand. I look at him, unsure. "One more time? For the audience?" he says. His voice isn't angry. It's hollow, which is worse. Already the boy with the bread is slipping away from me. I take his hand, holding on tightly, preparing for the cameras, and dreading the moment when I will finally have to let go Me and Peeta just stood in front of the flashing cameras and shouting people, waiting for the questions to start and eventually they were being thrown at us from every direction. Every now and the I would look up at Peeta for help but he would give me none. -"Peeta! Peeta! How much do you really love Katniss?" One of the people had asked Peeta. All of the others had stood quiet waiting for an answer. "Well..." Peeta began, turning to look me in the eyes and I returned the favour by looking into his. "I love her more than anything in the whole world, I couldn't imagine life without her. She is my life." -I couldnt help but see the slightest bit of hope and truthfulness in his eyes before he turned to take one look at the camera then look back at me. "I love you Peeta." I whispered, tears forming in my eyes as he opened his mouth to speak. "I love you too." He whispered, not breaking the eyes contact. -Everything froze. -I could no longer see the cameras and I could no longer see the lights, the only thing that I could see was Peeta. It only lasted a few seconds until I heard all of the crowds chanting something, what? What were they saying? -Peeta leant down to whisper something in my ear, "for the cameras," he pulled back up and only then did I know what they were chanting... Kiss. -I nodded and squeezed his hand, he began to lean in and I did the same, until finally our lips met. My eyes closed, his did too and it was this moment that I realised how much things were going to change without him. This was the feeling I would miss. The feeling of love, being loved and loving that person also. -I could never have what I have with Peeta with Gale, not like most people would expect. I know What everyone thought before Peeta came into the picture. They thought me and Gale would end up getting married and having kids, now all of their thoughts would have changed. - Because now... I am known mostly as a famous couple. -The girl who was on fire and the boy with the bread, the ones who escaped the Games together. For nothing more than the love they shared for each other... -The next thing I remember was pulling out of the kiss and letting a single tear escape my eye. It rolled down my cheek until Peeta reached out his hand and wiped it away. I made it as convincing as I could that I was crying of happiness, by smiling and giving Peeta a hug but the real reason wasn't my happiness... but the thought of him leaving me and being alone... alone forever. -Another thought that flooded my head was Gale. I knew that when I saw him I would have to leap into his arms and never let go of him until I was dragged away by someone... but I won't be able to do that in front of the cameras or any witness. That would make my relationship with Peeta seem unreal... We don't want that. -"Come on... Lets get going." says Peeta, pulling out of our hug. Also distracting me from my thoughts. I couldn't talk as my sadness would be visible so I kept my smile on my face and nodded. Not too long after we got onto the train I felt eyes on me. Without a second thought I grabbed onto Peeta's hand. Not because I thought there were camera's there but because I was scared to think of what it could have actually been. -Peeta looked down at me with loving eyes and sighed. "Why don't you get some rest?" He could sense someone there too, I could tell by the tone in his voice and what he was saying. If he knew we were really alone he would never be caring. He hated me now. I hated me now. -"Okay..." He walked me to my room and I invited him inside. I knew for sure they didn't put cameras in my room so I sat on my bed and slowly lied down. "Peeta?" I whisper. -"Yeah? What's wrong?" Peeta replied, sitting near me on the edge of my bed and moving a piece of hair out of my face. -I just smiled. "Will you stay here with me? I don't want to be alone... away from you." We both knew no one was there but the words I said were the truth ... I loved the way he would stay with me when I asked, no matter what time it was. -"Of course I will..." He smiled and kissed my forehead, lying down next to me, hoping for conversation. There was silence until his lips came to my ear and whispered something so quietly that even I could hardly hear his words. "You know there are no cameras here... you don't have to pretend to like me." -Not risking anything, I whispered in his ear too... "Who says it was pretend?" I question him, hoping for the truth to be heard even though it wasn't told straight the way. -"What are you talking about?" Peeta rolled his eyes. "You made it very clear to me last time that I was nothing to you... only surviving." He still held pain in his voice, I could here it quite clearly even when he whispered. -"Don't do that..." I say, knowing his reply before it even reaches his mind, giving him the answer straight away. "Don't pretend that you weren't just for the survival as well. I know for sure that you never had feelings for me." -There's a knock on the door and before I get the chance to look up and see who it is I find Haymitch standing at the side of my bed. "Not much time to explain... just listen carefully, okay?" He didn't want an answer but paused. Me and Peeta nodded and waited... -"Well... we have some reporters staying on the train with us. I don't know why... I think its something to do with what Effie said to one of them." Haymitch explained that we would have hardly any time to ourselves and that it would be even harder than it was before. "As you both know next year or in a couple of months you will be teaching another two tributes, yeah?" -I nodded, unsure. "What does that have anything to do with now, Haymitch?" -"Everything..." Haymitch sighed. "This means that when that happens both of you will be there and you'll have to keep up the couple thing." I knew what he was trying to tell us... he wanted us to be friendly with each other even without an audience and secretly I wanted that too... Peeta stood up. "I get it..." He sighed and looked at Haymitch. "I'll see you later, Katniss... see you later." I watched Peeta leave and turned onto my back. He wasn't happy with what Haymitch was saying. -"Thanks a lot Haymitch." I sighed, sarcastically. "I know what you mean by what you said. Be nice to each other." I avoided looking at him but I knew for sure that Haymitch's eyes were on me. -"That wasn't all I meant." Haymitch became quiet. -"What are you talking about?" I was confused. I knew that this was pointless... him telling me now then having to tell Peeta only a few minutes later but I wanted to know. I had to know. -"Your not going to be able to have a free life after this tour. You'll still be checked on by people to do stories on yours and Peeta's private lives... you'll still be interviewed. None of this 'star-crossed lovers' thing will be over soon." He paused. "You do get what I mean, don't you?" -I nodded. "We might have to get married..." That made me think back to my family. To Gale.. whatever life I could of had. Whatever life I wanted... with Gale was gone. It was gone just like that. -"You could do a lot worse, you know?" Haymitch said in a comforting voice, patting me on the shoulder. And I did know that. There was nothing at all wrong with Peeta. Nothing. "I'll see you for dinner." With them words he left. -Tears formed in my eyes as I imagined Peeta's reaction. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -"Knock! Knock! Knock!" It was Effie outside my room, calling me for dinner. I was always the last to be called and always the last at the table. "Coming!" I shouted, pulling on my jacket and walking slowly to the dinner car. -"Nice of you to join us." Haymitch laughed, taking a bite of his bread. -"Sorry... it took me a while to get ready." I smiled, going towards a seat that was opposite Peeta. Haymitch gave me a look which quickly turned me to the seat next to Peeta. Then I realized what it was. The reporters were there taking notes, filming us and watching our every facial expression, move or anything else they could see. -"Did you get any rest?" Peeta asked, before leaning over and kissing my cheek gently. -"Not much, but enough." I smiled, returning the kiss. "Did you?" -"I wasn't really tired so I carried on painting." He explained. "I started a painting of you, you know?" Peeta gave me a smile -"Really?" The thought was lovely. If only I could have been as romantic and loving as he was. I wasn't doing anything like that for him. It was that moment that I really wished I could have been doing something. "I'll have to come and see all of your paintings some time." -"After dinner?" He offered. -There wasn't much more to say so I nodded and began to eat. Not long after everyone was finished. -"Why don't you two go and look at those paintings?" Effie turned to us quickly. "I mean... you have a big big big day tomorrow! You need to rest... wouldn't keep it too late going to bed." She said, pulling us both up. -"Okay... come on." Peeta looked at me, taking my hand and leading me to a spare room. I expected loads of paintings of District 12, I was wrong... there was hardly any of home. All of them were of the arena. -"Why did you paint these?" I looked from painting to painting until I found a whole corner of just painting of me. One with glowing around me, one when I'm in a tree. One of me in the rain, sitting in the cave. I was a little shocked that he had painted me so many times. -"This ones my favourite." Peeta pulled a painting off of the wall and held it in front of me. It was perfect. A painting of me and him. Me when I'm spinning in my fire dress in my fire interview, laughing and smiling, and the other side its him. When he was in his interview, sitting down. It almost looked like he was staring at me. Maybe that's what he was supposed to be doing. I don't know. "What do you think?" Peeta asked. -"Its perfect! I love it." And I did... I loved it more than anything in the whole world. It looked so real. It was a picture. It was like someone had took a picture. It was perfect. "Oh Peeta!" I gave him a gentle kiss on the lips and a hug.