A/N: Thanks for clicking on this story, and I know it may sound like Katniss/Katniss mom relationship with Rae and her mom but it isn't. This is not an AU, but in the sequel it will become an AU. This is going to be an epic story, and I feel regretful it's a ff because I couldn't even consider the possibility of publishing it. I know my writing isn't worthy of publishing, but it is always nice to have that option. Read on kiddies. Chapter 1 My sword's steel tip went slicing through the air, making the whistling sound that only came from years of practice, right to my opponent's neck. The 18 year old girl looked at me, her murky green eyes filled with hate, as the tutor announced to that class that I was to be the one to volunteer, unless of course my name was called. If that were to happen, my opponent who just got second in our class would get a chance to volunteer. That would never happen though, I had no tesserae, no one from District Four needed it, and I was only fourteen. The name Rea Jordn was only entered three times. I hopped down from the stage, leaving my opponent still seething at the humiliation of being beaten by a 14-year-old. My friends found me, and we walked out of the crowded building. The whole school had been in the girls' gym, hoping to see who would represent our district. Of course, the capital says it is illegal to train beforehand, but we all agree the capital is in no place to judge what is moral. The training goes year round with a short break for the Hunger Games, and whoever comes out on top just before the games gets to volunteer. No one except the one chosen tries volunteering because if they did they would become a laughing-stock of the district, especially if they died. "I still don't see why you want to volunteer in the first place; your chances of winning are so small," Jackie, the quiet one in our group of three friends, said as we got outside, pushing her glasses up her nose, the wind blowing her shoulder length hair into her face. I could smell sea on the dutiful breeze as we walked to our respectful houses. My friends were walking home with me because school got out early for the reaping. "Don't you want the person with the most experience going to the games? That girl back there was alright, but I tricked her a lot. Would it be the right thing to do if we sent her, knowing she had a major flaw?" I argued with my worried friend. Jackie replied, stumbling over a crack in the sidewalk, "But the Hunger Games are so scary and horrible. I can't believe you'd be going in them by choice." Trying to get Jackie to see my logic, I explained, "They're not that bad, and if someone has to go, shouldn't it be the one with the most skill?" Cecily, who had been looking at me with her amber eyes open in shock, said indignantly, "The games are a crime against humanity, and if you try to volunteer I swear I will clamp my hand over your mouth." Jackie nodded in agreement. I sighed, "If you do that the entire district would be mad at you, not to mention I'd be mad at you too. If I win this I might have enough money to get my mom to the psychiatric ward they have in the Capitol." Jackie and Cecily softened, but Jackie still protested earnestly, "We just don't want you to go. We've been friends since pre-training school. You couldn't even hold a knife back then, remember? Please don't go." We had been friends for a long time. We are all 14 now, and pre-training school started when we 6, so we had known each other for a while. I know both of them like the back of my hand. Jackie is the quiet, clumsy, intelligent one. However, once you get to know her she's very nice and humble, and you can't help but love her. She has a round face, blonde hair, pale-blue eyes, and is really short and skinny, though she hates sports. Cecily is the loud one; she loves being the center of attention. She's very competitive, but at the same time she is fiercely loyal. I'm pretty sure she was the one who knew our friendship would work out, and if it didn't she would've forced it to. She has an ovular face, black hair, and amber eyes that look like the honey they sell at the market. She's my height, though she claims to be taller. "J, C, you both know that I can take care of myself. Remember, you're looking at the girl who got top marks on everything, but interviews. I'm fine." Cecily retorted, "So is that what you want me to put on your funeral marking; 'Here lies Rae Jordan, the girl who was fine… Right up until that arrow pierced her chest.'?" Jackie looked horrified, as if realizing that was a very real possibility. I reassured my friends, "Look, I'll come back alive. Please just drop the subject." My friends' shoulders sagged and they looked heart-broken, as if I was already dead. I added, hating having to see my friends like that, "Just in case I don't make it home, remember you two are my best friends." Cecily shrugged her shoulders in defeat (a rare sight to see) and Jackie just looked scared, but both nodded. They still looked depressed, and I kept catching Jackie wipe tears away. We walked home, sea spray and awkward silence filling the air. As I walked to my front door, my mom opened it and gestured inside hurriedly. I went in and she sat me in a chair in the kitchen. I looked into her blue eyes as she asked, "Did you win? Is my little girl turning into a champion? Oh, your father would be so proud." You should know that my mom is crazy, probably crazy enough to be locked up in a home. I managed to keep it on the down low, taking the dresses she made into the market and haggling with all the merchants. I answered, "Yeah, I won. That girl didn't stand a chance." "Oh, I knew you could beat her. I'll fix you lunch, and then we can make you look pretty for your trip to that capital. Oh, they'll tell stories about you, dear," she said pinching my cheek and ruffling my long brown hair. She went off into the kitchen, likely to not make food at all. Just burn some crisps. I decided to go to my room and draw. After an hour of drawing I smelled salmon, surprisingly a rare delicacy here in District Four. I walked to the kitchen, preparing to open the door and thank whoever had brought it in congratulations for me. Instead I was welcomed by my mom, who ushered me into a chair and practically force-fed me the food on the dish in her hands. I took the spoon from her and asked, "You made this?" "Why of course I did. I told you I would, did you not believe me?" She gave me a look I can only describe as demented. "Oh no, I just am stunned by how great this tastes. It's heavenly, really," I said, afraid of what she might do. "Well good. You know, I gave your father salmon right before he left. He never came back, but he sure tried." She said as a side note, as she washed the dishes. Finishing my fish I asked, "Where did he go?" I had never been brave enough to ask before, but if I didn't return I wanted to satisfy my curiosity. See, I was raised mostly by my grandmother at her house until she died when I was 8. Then my mother, who received daily visits from my grandmother to be sure she was still alive, was given custody of me, and I had to move into her house. The move was crazy, and I spent a lot of time at my friends' houses until I got used to my fragile-minded mother. I had asked my grandmother countless times where and who my dad was, but she always told me I was too young. When I was with my mom, I was too scared to ask anything for the first few years. Now I just keep my mouth shut around her, only speaking to her when she is in her more stable moods, and helping her when she became delirious. I wanted to win the hunger games because I had always had a natural talent for surviving, and if I won I could get the resources to help my mom. "Oh, he went to the Hunger Games when he was 18; you were just about to be born. I could have sworn I told you that. He was the second to last one alive. I was forced to watch. They had developed a nasty mutt that year. Its skin was like fire, I believe, so when your dad and his friend tried to fight it off, their hands were burned, your dad's to stubs. Then your dad started crying, and the creature had his head in its jaws. Your dad's friend, Kor, was trying to get your dad safe, but it was too late. The creature used its razor sharp blades and his head came straight off." As she said this I could almost spot some sanity, but she blinked through her tears and was back to her old self. Yeah, grandma was right. An 8 year old would have been way too impressionable for that… goriness. Even now, I feel scarred imagining it. I muttered, "Thank you for the salmon," not really sure how to continue the conversation. "You're welcome, dear. Now it's time to get you pretty. We don't want those Capitol people thinking we're slobs, do we?" She said, gesturing into her room, as if she hadn't just relived my father's death. I put the plates in the overflowing sink, and followed my mother into her room for the first time (I have never been asked to go in, and frankly, I've never wanted to). I was amazed at the condition. She had kept it clean! That was surprising, considering my mom hardly does any work, save the dress making. I do all the chores around the house because she doesn't, and I can't exactly force her to. The bed was made, on one side was a lamp with needles and thread surrounding it, and on the other side there was dust and a comb, a solitary, clean comb. It made my heart melt a little thinking that was all that was left of my dad. On the wall, parallel to the bed was a 32-inch T.V; I didn't even know we owned a T.V. My mom corralled me to a vanity table in the corner of the room on her side. I was sat me on the plush, purple stool. My mom straightened the already perfectly straight items on the desk, and left me to study the table. It was blue ivory or something and it was cold and smooth. I looked into the giant mirror; it was outlined with a pretty blue border. I looked into the mirror and at my long brown hair that I never bothered to do anything with because I didn't care enough. My brown eyes didn't really stand out, but I wouldn't trade them for anything. While my mom's eyes were a shocking blue, the one picture I had of my dad revealed the source of my brown eyes. My skin was tan from sword-practices that mostly took place outside. I seemed to have a natural blush that a lot of girls had