Annabeth stared in shock at the small stick with the pink plus sign on it, laughing at her. "Crap," she muttered, stuffing them into the bag as Percy entered the room. "Ready to go babe? I need to brush up my sword fighting." He hugs Annabeth from behind and kisses her neck. "Perce, come on, your mum could come in any second." He chuckled lightly, "Don't worry Annabeth, my mum doesn't walk into rooms with closed doors without first knocking anymore." Annabeth blushed and turned herself around so her face was buried in Percy's neck. "That was mortifying Seaweed Brain." He kissed her forehead. "Don't worry Wise girl, she said she would stay quiet, wouldn't want the gods to kill us!" He said with a laugh. Annabeth chuckled nervously. "Yeah, couldn't have that." Percy slung an arm around her shoulder and guided her to the living room where they had their bags packed for their return to camp. They had enjoyed 1 week off from school together before they headed back to camp, and they couldn't wait to get back. Sally walked into the room and smiled at them. "You guys all ready to go? Taxi will be here any moment." "Yeah, thanks mum." Percy let go of Annabeth and hugged his mum tightly, and then stepped back to grab the bags. Annabeth stood there uncertainly before Sally engulfed her into a hug, which she awkwardly returned. She stepped back and grabbed her bags up and walked to the door. "See you later guys. Lovely to have you stay Annabeth," she said with a warm smile. "Thanks Sally, thanks for having me." "No problems honey, your welcome anytime." Annabeth smiled at her and walked outside the door. Percy kissed his mum on the cheek, "Love you mum," and they were going down the hallway. They reached the street outside and sat waiting for the taxi to pull up. It came screeching around the corner, and Annabeth grinned at Percy. "Camp calls," and they were off. Annabeth and Percy stepped over boundary, and grinned at the sight of camp spread out below them. The strawberry fields stretched o their left and the cabins were set down at the bottom of the hill. Chiron trotted up the hill slowly, greeting them with a smile. "Hello, lovely to see you back." "Good to be back." "Nothings changed, I trust you remember your way back to your cabins?" Annabeth chuckles softly, yeah we do thanks." With a grin they started off down the hill, Annabeth accidentally brushing past Chiron as she went. "Sorry Chiron, mis-" she broke off when she saw his face. "Annabeth may I speak with you a moment please? Percy you can continue." Percy shrugged, "I'll see you later wise girl?" Annabeth nodded and he turned away, practically bounding down the hill. Annabeth turned back to Chiron, who was eyeing her with a calculating look. "Annabeth, tell me, does Percy know?" "Know what?" But dread was already setting into Annabeth, knowing that Chiron probably picked up that she was pregnant, but praying to the gods he didn't. "That you're carrying a child. I presume the father is-" "Percy, yes it is." Annabeth finished flushing red. "Annabeth, do you think its safe to be here?" Annabeth frowned. "Well for a while it should be fine, I mean I'll still be able to participate, at least until 3 months in and by then I'll be back at school." Chiron sighed. "Does your mother know?" "My mother? As in…oh shit." Annabeth muttered, "Athena." Chiron gave a small chuckle. "Yes, indeed Athena. I believe that you shall be safe, although Percy, I'm not entirely sure." Her eyes went wide. "She wouldn't…would she? I mean, he is a son…of…Poseidon…who she hates. Crap," she put her head back and took a deep breath. "Chiron, what should we do, because Athena will find out eventually." "First,Annabeth, I would recommend telling the father." "Ok, thanks, I'll talk to you later hopefully with Percy as well." Chiron nods and Annabeth walks down the hill and enters into the comfort of the Athena cabin, where she dumps her stuff and sits on her bed. A moment later Malcolm walks in. "Hey Annabeth." Annabeth looked at him and smiled. "Hey Malcolm, good term?" He shrugged. "Yeah, it was ok. How was yours?" "Yeah it was good." "And hows Percy going?" "Yeah, he's good." "See you around Annabeth." "Bye Malcolm." Malcolm walked out the door leaving Annabeth to her thoughts. Percy wouldn't be angry would he? He wouldn't leave her would he? The thoughts just went round and round in Annabeths head, and it was beginning to give her a headache. She eventually stood up with a sigh, deciding to just get it over with. She walked out of her cabin and down to Percy's cabin, where she knocked cautiously on the door. From inside the cabin Percy yelled out a muffled yes and Annabeth stepped in, closing the door behind her. She sat down on his bed and waited for Percy to emerge from the bathroom. He walked out and grinned at Annabeth. "Hey wise girl, miss me already?" "In your dreams seaweed brain," she responded with a grin. "So what do I owe this pleasure?" Percy asked sweeping Annabeth up into his arms and kissing her. "Percy," Annabeth chewed on her lip, "you might want to put me down." Percy grinned in his adorable goofy way and dumped her down on the bed, leaning over her using is elbows to keep his weight off and kissed her. Annabeth sighed into the kiss ad tangled her hands in his hair. "Wait, no, Percy, hold on." "GO ahead." Percy said, trailing kisses along her jaw and her neck. She gasped and tried furiously to concentrate, "Percy, sto-sto-p," she said with a moan, as Percy smiled and kissed back up to her lips. Annabeth kissed him, and when he went up for air she just blurted it out. "Percy Im pregnant." Percy sat up and stared at her in shock. "Wait-what?" He went to get up but Annabeth quickly pushed him off her and rolled on top of him, so he was lying flat on the bed and she was straddling him. "Percy, please just talk to me." He sighed. "Annabeth, it may be hard for me to concentrate with you sitting on me like that." Annabeth crossed her arms across her chest and stared at him. "Shutup seaweed brain. If we hadn't started in this position in the first place I wouldn't be pregnant." "So, its mine?" Annabeth threw her head back and laughed. "Percy of course, you don't think I would cheat on you do you?" He chuckled, "No, I don't think you would. But, didn't you say that was your first time?" "Yes, why?" "You my wise girl, must have the worst luck in the world." His face screwed up in concentration, "Or the best." Annabeth grinned and leaned in to kiss him, but Percy pushed her back up. "Woah wise girl hold up. We still need to talk, and if you kiss me I can almost guarantee that I wont talk." "Fine, what do we need to talk about?" Percy sat up against the headboard, Annabeth still straddling him. "Well, are we going to keep it." "Well, I don't know. I could not kill it, that's for sure, but could we support a kid? I mean going on quests and killing monsters doesn't exactly pull in the cash." "Well, Im sure my mum would help out." "What help out a teenager who her son knocked up in her house? Yeah, I cant wait for that conversation." Percy chuckled, "Don't worry, my mum wont turn you down." Annabeth sighed, "Yeah but my mum will." Percy looked at her, and eventually his eyes widened when he realised what she was saying. "Oh my gods, she's totally going to murder me." "Maybe we could say it was someone else?" "She would lash out at you for sleeping around, and then at me for not keeping you from doing it." "Yeah, I guess your right. What about Poseidon?" "I don't think…he would mind that much. Unless Athena threatens to kill me then we'll have a problem. A very big problem." "Yeah," Annabeth murmured against his neck. "Does anyone else know?" "Yeah, Chiron realised when I brushed past him earlier." "When did you find out?" "This morning before we left, I took the test." "Is there a chance the test is wrong?" "Well I had hoped so but Chiron realised so it must be true." Annabeth choked back tears that threatened to spill over. "Perce I don't know what to do. Im too young to have a kid, I mean Im a demigod, and you attract more monsters than is even possible to fend off!" "Relax, nothings going to happen to this baby. Besides, think of how powerful it will be. It could have the brains of Athena with the water powers of Poseidon. It would be incredible!" "Yeah but we have to get their blessing for the powers to pass through. Im not entirely sure Athena will give you her blessing." " Don't worry, we'll figure something out." Annabeth nod and kisses Percy's neck, her hands trailing under his tee-shirt. He would his hands through Annabeths hair and met her lips with his, kissing her passionately. He licked along her lips asking for entry and she obliged, him pushing his tongue in her mouth. Annabeth gasped at the sensation and rolled her hips slightly on reflex. Percy broke away with a moan and smelt her hair. "Annabeth,"his voice husky, "gods please don't do that, I wont be able to control myself." Annabeth grinned evilly and rolled her hips again, pushing into his hips hard. "Annabeth," percy growled out. Annabeth smirked and pushed herself off him, leaving him sitting there glaring at her. "That's not very nice wise girl." She stood up and stretched her hands above her head and reached out to pull him up. "C'mon Perce, if we go now we can get in some sword fighting before dinner." Percy perked up at that and jumped up, fixing up his shirt and throwing some shoes on. "Let's go!" Annabeth laughed at his enthusiasm and followed him outside the cabin with a smile. Together they walked to the sword fighting area and Annabeth selected a well-weighted sword with Percy's help and he pulled out riptide. They both took a fighting stance and they were off, a blur of movement across the mat. Percy knocked Annabeths sword out of her hand after 10 minutes. "You're getting better wise girl." "Shutup, you were just going easy on me." Percy frowned, "You want me to go hard?" Annabeth laughed, "I would love it, but for now we'd better focus on sword fighting." Percy frowned and then blushed at the innuendo. "Fine, I'll try my hardest." Annabeth nodded, and took her fighting stance again. After only 5 minutes of dodging, attacking and defending Percy had knocked her sword out of her hand and had her at sword point. "Good enough for you wise girl?" "No, you can do better." Percy sighed and nodded, them taking their stances once more. They both nodded and Percy thrust forward, only visible as a blur and knocked Annabeths sword from her hand before she could even comprehend what was happening. "That's better seaweed brain, I knew you had it in you." Percy chuckled and picked Annabeth up bridal style despite her screams of protest. "PERSEUS JACKSON PUT ME DOWN!" She had been so focused on trying to escape that she didn't even notice where they were. "Sure thing wise girl." And he dumped her in the lake with a laugh. She gasped and sunk down in the water, then kicking off the bottom pushed up and broke through the surface gasping for air. "Percy I swear, I will kill you." Percy laughed and met her at the shore, drying her instantly at