Disclaimer: I, by no means, claim to own anything remotely related to the Twilight Universe. No copyright infringement intended. . Prologue There was a time, when I was younger, that I believed in fairytales. I know it sounds stupid, even childish, but I believed in the kind of stuff that my sister used to prattle on about during tea parties with her stuffed friends , and I'm not even ashamed to admit it. Well, now I'm not. Because, at the time, I didn't dare tell anyone. It wasn't something that little boys like myself talked about with their friends, siblings or even parents. These were thoughts I kept to myself, marvelling in the dreams of 'Happily Ever After' that I so believed in. I was hopeless. My mom used to call me a hopeless dreamer. Sometimes she still does, but things have changed since... just since . She used to tell me that the world was a beautifully ugly place, which was something I didn't truly understand until I was right there in the middle of a place that was both beautiful and ugly at the same time. It was then that I decided that it was easier to live in the world of dreams. Life was simpler in my head; less stressful, and less painful. Because, in the fairytales, things usually worked out in the end. And, if they didn't; well, then it wasn't yet the end. So, I always thought that I would one day find the girl for me, and that would be it. One day, I would just see her, and the great big world would instantly fall into place. It would be simple; it would be easy, and we would overcome whatever obstacle we had to, because we would be together . We would fall in love, and everything would magically be perfect, because that was how fairytales worked. It was a belief I held onto for a long time. Until I just didn't anymore. I grew up, and my outlook on life and love changed drastically. Life did that to me. By the time I got to university, I'd almost given up on all of it. School was hard, life was harder, and I was busy trying to just get through it all without completely falling to pieces. So when she stumbled into my life - quite literally, might I add - I wasn't prepared. Because, you see, the thing is that I did meet the girl… I looked at her, and I just knew - and then, from that moment on, nothing about my life was ever remotely simple or easy. Fucking fairytales. . Chapter One "Masen, go long!" I can barely take a step before the football is hurtling straight at my head, courtesy of the lump that is Emmett McCarty. Naturally, my first instinct is to duck, which is what I do, and the ball sails harmlessly over my head, making its thrower groan. He should have known better. The ball bounces a few times, before it's retrieved by the lanky blond standing a way's behind me, Jasper Whitlock. "If you aren't even going to play," Emmett shouts my way, jogging towards me; "what the fuck are you doing here?" I sigh. "I came to pick up my keys," I tell him. Again . "I'm going to the library. My shift starts in twenty minutes." "But it's our first week back," Jasper protests, sidling up to me with the ball in his hands. He looks genuinely confused. "Tell me you're kidding. We're expecting about a hundred people at the house tonight, and you've already picked up a shift ." I glare at him. "Don't you think I already know all of this?" I ask, and he knows it's a rhetorical question from the bite in my tone. He knows the kind of pressure I'm under. "And plus, it's only for a couple of hours. I'm sure the two of you can get started on the preparations without me." They exchange a worried look, which makes me crack up. Sometimes they're such children. Our friends sometimes refer to them as my special children, because they would surely die if I wasn't around. I take the ball from Jasper, and spin it in my palm. It's been so long since I actually came out to play with my friends, and it brings a nostalgic sigh out of me. I shake my head, ridding my mind of the thought. I have other things to think about. "I promise I'll be back by five, five thirty the latest," I assure them. Then, to Emmett: "Now, give me my fucking keys." Emmett digs in his back pocket of his jeans. "How are we supposed to get home?" "Uh, the same way I got here," I say, tossing him the football. "Ever heard of public transport?" Jasper shudders. "Too many germs." Emmett nods. "Especially on this campus, man. It's crawling with excitable freshmen. Who knows what kind of diseases we could pick up?" I roll my eyes. "Says the man who went six weeks without washing his hair last year." "It was an experiment," he defends. "If your aim was to have Carmen dump you, then you succeeded." He doesn't appreciate my teasing, and I know I'm about five seconds away from a bruised arm, so I high tale out of there, breaking into a jog as I head to the parking lot nearest the empty left football field. I check my watch. Fifteen minutes. It would definitely take me longer to get to the library without my car, but then I've still got to find parking. But it is our first week back. Surely the main campus won't be that busy. I'm half right. I'm lucky to find a parking spot near the library but, once again, I have to jog to make it in time to meet Mrs Cope on her way out of her office, handbag and notebook diary in tow. "Oh, Edward," she says, clearly startled. "I thought you weren't starting until Monday." I shrug. I'm not about to tell her that I begged Ben Cheney for this three-hour slot, because I need to pick up shifts wherever and whenever I can get them. "I missed you this summer," I say instead, even sparing her a wink, and she flushes almost instantly. Okay, so I may sometimes take advantage of the fact that she has a not-so-secret thing for me. It's written all over her face. Because, hey, she approves my pay check. "Were you headed out?" I ask. She takes a moment to gather herself. "I was," she manages to say. "I have an appointment." The way she says the word makes me think that I definitely don't want to know. They've been times when we've got a little too close for comfort. She's a woman who isn't shy about saying whatever is on her mind, and she's just lucky that I'm not likely to report her for sexual harassment. I normally work in the East Wing of the library. It houses majority of the fiction books, as well as the section reserved for the acquisition of second-hand novels and textbooks. The library offers a small fee for any old books from students, and sells them for next to no profit. Mrs Cope made sure to tell me it was next to no profit, and I'm still not sure that I believe her. As soon as Mrs Cope has left, I take a quick look around as I settle in behind the main counter on one of the high stools. I spy several other upperclassmen on shift, but the library is quiet, so they're all lost in their own little worlds. For a moment, I don't know what to do. I'm thinking that maybe I should find a book to read before I start people watching. It's easy to fall into the trap. Sighing heavily, I do just the thing that I told myself I wouldn't. My eyes drift towards my right side, where the library is rather empty of people. The East Wing isn't nearly as busy as the North, South or West, even in the first week back, but it is rather ridiculous how bare the tabes are. There's a group of four girls sitting at a corner table, quietly discussing something among themselves, but they're too far away for me to recognise. And then there's a pair of men - who don't look remotely like students - sitting at a table near the girls. On my left, there are more tables occupied, though there's a lot of chatter going on. It's not loud enough to warrant a talking-to but it's really starting to get on my nerves. This is a library. To distract myself, I take a look at the small notice board on the wall behind me. Mrs Cope usually puts up her to-do list in the bottom right hand corner, and I'm always happy to cut it down for her. Because I'm lazy and don't want to move, I grab a pile of new books from beneath the counter, and start preparing them to cover them in protective plastic. It's a mind-numbing process, and I've never been more grateful for the distraction from my life. It isn't until three thirty, that I actually have to do something. I'm still cutting down the edge of a textbook's back cover when I notice a figure move into my light. Well, stumble, really, and I automatically look up, my eyes immediately locking on a deep set of chocolate brown eyes that belong to a beautiful girl with a heart-shaped face and chestnut hair hanging low on her back. But it's her eyes. They are open wide, and the smile on her face is just as open, practically drawing me in; making it so difficult to look away. I like to think I'm a relatively suave guy, who can handle himself when faced with a pretty girl; but all I do is stare. Blatantly. I can't help myself. I think my mouth is open. Close your mouth, Masen. My jaw snaps shut and I swallow. "Are you all right?" I ask, collecting myself. She smiles through her own embarrassment, the pears of her cheeks turning an inviting shade of pink. "I was wondering if you could help me," she says, clearly choosing not to comment on her almost-fall. I stand up quickly. Too quickly, because she flinches. "Uh," I stutter. "What can I do for you?" "I'm looking for a book." I can't help my smile. "Does this book have a name?" "Not exactly," she admits, unknowingly trapping her bottom lip between her teeth and making my gaze flicker downwards for a moment. "I need a book that explains the Constitution." "Explains it?" "Well, there are books that lay out the Constitution, stating all the Amendments, and there are books that explain the history of the Constitution, but not many that actually..." " Explain it," I finish, and she nods. Then: "You're a freshman, aren't you?" She blinks, as if she's surprised that I know - or don't know. I'm quick to explain, before she thinks I'm some kind of stalker. "Uh, well, I mean, it's obvious you haven't visited our self-service feature on the library website, which I believe is something that you're shown during orientation, am I correct?" She seems to relax slightly. I can't stop looking at her, but I know I have to. "Uh, so, well, I think I'll just do the search for you, and then you can learn it properly with the rest of your classmates." I don't wait for a reply as I log into the administrator computer in front of me. I'm aware of the fact that she's watching me, my fingers dancing over the keyboard. I feel hot under her scrutiny, and I can feel the tips of my traitorous ears giving me away. She notices the moment I hit 'Enter,' and