AU Set in the modern day, fictional, small world of Panem County, Ohio. In the tiny farming town of Seamburg, Katniss and Peeta have not crossed paths since they were children until one night an act of fate brings them back together. All of your favorite characters are here including redneck Uncle Haymitch. Please R&R. Suzanne Collins, who I am not owns The Hungar Games. Many thanks to my beta kismet4891! Small World Chapter 1 It's another ordinary September day in the small, rural Ohio town of Seamburg, located in Panem County, just 7 miles south of the county seat of Capitolville. Here farmers are gearing up for harvest, and the high school football team is on a fine start to another losing season, life here is as it always has been for the most part. Although today is going to be one of those days for Katniss Everdeen. The world is a tough one, life has already taught her that every day there is someone out there experiencing what will be the best day of their lives, and someone else is going through their worst day. Katniss, at twenty-one, had already experienced both. Her best was when she was seventeen, her stint as an only child ended when her baby sister, Primrose, was born. Katniss loved her sister instantly. There was a two-way tie for the worst day, it was between the day her father died and when her mom passed away from cancer a few months later. Today will be a far cry from the worst day she's ever had, but it is still going to be tough. Katniss looks at the clock, its three-thirty and time to get Prim to pre-school, something that she usually enjoys doing, but not today. Katniss has to break some bad news to Prim, it's not as bad as the two times before, although this will still hurt. She hates to do it because poor little Prim has received more bad news, by the age of four, than most people get before they're forty. Katniss is hurting too, but she can't worry about herself right now, Prim must always take precedence. "Haymitch, I've got to go to get Prim, answer the phone." Katniss calls into the workshop. "Sure sweetheart," Haymitch says without taking his eyes off the rifle he is cleaning. "Hey what color is that crazy teacher's hair this week?" Katniss has to think for a moment. Miss Effie, the pre-school teacher who is 35 pretending to be 20, changes her hair so often that it is hard to recall what color it currently is. "Blonde with purple feathers, I think." "Feathers?" Haymitch scoffs. "What in the hell, is she trying to get the kids' attention by pretending to be Big Bird?" "No," Katniss is trying to think about how to explain current fashion trends to her uncle who thinks that camo and flannel plaid are always in vogue. Although she wasn't much better, she only knew about them because Madge had recently gotten some. "Feathers are the fake, colored streaks of hair, they attach them at the salon." "That woman is crazy," Haymitch shakes his head. "Of course you would have to be, to want to deal with a bunch of snot nosed brats all day. Prim not included, of course." "Hey, it's the only preschool in town. Besides Prim is learning a lot, she can't spend all day in a gun store, watching TV in the office." "Now I think that it worked out just fine," Haymitch defends himself having had turned the office into a type of nursery for Prim. He got a satellite dish so she could watch Nick Jr and the Disney channel during the day and bought her brand new Playskool table and chairs so she could draw and have tea parties. There was nothing in the world funnier than the sight of her Uncle Haymitch drinking pretend tea with her four year old sister. He was so sad when Prim started school a month ago, he liked having her around. "Have you told her about Bow yet?" Haymitch asks with his face full of concern. "Cause if you don't want to tell her, I could." "No," Katniss tells him. "I'll do it, I would have told her this morning, but I didn't want to ruin her day at school. She didn't seem to notice him being gone this morning." Haymitch reaches into his pocket, pulls out a ten, and hands it to Katniss. "Here take her to the bakery and get her some cookies and milk, it will soften the blow. Make sure you get yourself something too." "Thanks Haymitch," Katniss says softly, it's times like these why she finds it so easy to love her gruff uncle. "Don't mention it sweetheart," Haymitch waves her off. "Why don't you just take the rest of the day off?" "Are you sure?" "Yeah, I've got Beetee here we'll be fine. Besides you've got to bury him, right?" "No, Gale was going to dig the hole this morning with the back hoe. Bow still looks like himself, I thought that Prim should see him. I know that's what the psychologist would say. I'll just have to cover him with dirt." "Good, get going you'll be late," Haymitch reminds her. Katniss leaves Everdeen's Hunting Supplies and Ammo. She has worked there ever since her Dad and Uncle opened up shop seven years ago. They sold mostly hunting gear, but Haymitch and Beetee also customized guns and other weapons for special order. A lot of their business was internet based, a town as small as Seamburg would never be able to support a shop like this otherwise. The store had been a lifelong dream for both of them, her dad loved archery and hunting. Haymitch liked guns and target shooting, so for the brothers who wanted to run their own business, it seemed like a natural choice. Choosing to walk the three blocks to Miss Effie's Pre-School, instead of driving there gave Katniss time to rehearse the speech in her head. How does one tell a little girl that the dog who has guarded her every night since she was born is dead? Prim, you know that Bow was very old and that he has been sick for a while now….Prim, Bow went to go live with Mommy and Daddy in heaven…. Nothing sounded right. When she walked through the door of Miss Effie's she still didn't know how she was going to do tell her. "Children, time to clean up your mess!" Effie calls out loudly, Katniss could not help to think of Glenda the Good Witch from the Wizard of Oz when she hears Effie speak. "Now I know that it has been a big, big, big, day but that is no excuse to be rude, Cody. Manners, always remember you're manners!" "Oh, Katniss how wonderful to see you," Effie approaches her and speaks in a sugary sweet tone, although it still sounded like she was addressing children. "How are you, dear?" "Fine," Katniss replies evenly, although she's screaming on the inside, I would be a hundred percent better if everyone would stop asking me how I am! I've lost both of my parents in the last year, I'm twenty-one and raising my little sister, and now I have to tell her that our dog is dead. How do you think I am?! "Well that's good, dear," Effie pats her back affectionately. "Primrose, your sister is here, come along now." "Katniss, look at what I made today!" Prim excitedly tells her when she skips up to Katniss and Effie, her white blonde braids bouncing. Katniss examines the picture, not totally sure what it depicts. It could be one of Gale's cows or a bear maybe, when the artist is four one can never be sure. "Oh, how pretty," Katniss praises her. "Why don't we get going? I've got a surprise for you on the way home." She feels a little guilty sugar coating things for Prim. Katniss always preferred knowing the truth no matter how harsh it may be, but Prim is nothing like Katniss. Her baby sister is innocent, cheerful, friendly, and the sweetest creature that God has ever put on this Earth. Everybody who met Prim instantly fell in love with her. Katniss could not bring herself to ruin Prim's sunny outlook on life, yet that would come in time. Hand-in-hand, Katniss and Prim walk into Mellark's Deli and Bakery, Prim chatters on about what she learned in school. "Mr. Flavius taught us about the rainbow today!" Prim tells her. I'm sure he did! Katniss had to withhold a laugh, it just struck her as funny. Inwardly she was glad that Haymitch wasn't there to hear Prim's comment. She would had to have to listen to a few bad gay jokes and then she would had to have the what was and was not appropriate terminology when referring to homosexuals speech with him again. The last time she had to explain to him that flamer was not an expectable adjective when talking to Prim about Mr. Flavius. Haymitch was not mean or a homophobe he just was a politically incorrect redneck with very little social grace. The giant of a man, Mr. Mellark, greets them when they walk in, "Hello, lovely ladies. Will you be having the usual today, chocolate chip cookies and cheese buns with hot chocolate?" "Yes!" Prim answers happily. "Actually, could I get some coffee with cream please." Katniss is exhausted both physically and mentally, having not gotten much sleep last night. "Coffee it is, honey," he says with a sympathetic look. Katniss directs them to the tiny booth in an out of the way corner of the deli and they take a seat. Prim dunks her cookie into mug of hot chocolate, for a moment Katniss experiences the most bizarre feeling of déjà vu. Katniss had watched her mom do the same thing all the time, but with coffee. Prim is a miniature of their mother, she'll be beautiful someday, like her mom was before the cancer. Katniss shakes it off and concentrates on the task at hand. "Hey Primmy," Katniss says softly. "You know that Bow was really old and that he has been really sick right?" The little girl nods. Katniss takes a deep breath, "Last night there was an accident…Bow got hit by a car and died." "Oh, I know," Prim answers matter of factly as she sips her hot chocolate. "I saw the angel carry him away last night." "The angel?" Katniss asks with absolutely no clue what she's talking about. Great, now I have to tell Dr. Aurelius that Prim is seeing things. "What angel Prim?" "The big blonde one on our front porch last night, he had Bow in his arms. He was handsome, but he looked like he was going to cry. You talked to him, remember Katniss? So did Gale." Suddenly it dawns on Katniss, and she understands what Prim saw. The guy who hit Bow was big and blonde haired, and he carried Bow onto the porch. Prim's bedroom window looks out onto the porch, maybe to a four year old in the glow of the porch lights he looked like an angel. For the past year and a half, Prim's life had been filled with talk of Heaven and going to live with Jesus, it started when their mom had been diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor. When their dad died in a car accident almost a year ago, the Heaven stories became an everyday thing, so it's no wonder her thoughts go directly to angels. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXX Ten-thirty at night and there is a knock at the door this won't be good , Katniss thought when she heard a frantic rapping at the front door of her mobile home. Either the cows were out, or someone was broken down were the most likely causes. But, you never know. The revolver