Thank you to my exceptional friend and beta-superstar Court, for helping to make sense of the formerly hot mess. Also thank you to ackenndy7 for pre-reading and being my cheerleader. Wtitten for round five of PIP day 5, Peach Blossom- Captive Captive of the Seam Peeta awoke inside a small dark building; the only light was the sunlight filtering through the cracks in between the logs. His hands were bound and he heard foreign tongues—a man and a woman's, speaking just outside of the walls. It took him a few seconds to remember what had happened. As soon as the memory came back, he wished that he could forget again. One chilly spring morning the seventeen-year-old was chopping down trees on his family's Pennsylvania farm when the French soldiers attacked him, and forced him along with a pistol. The days and weeks that followed were a blur. He must have walked countless miles. His body was weak and ached; the soldiers had beaten him every time he tried to escape or didn't follow their directions and given him only enough food and water to keep him going. The voices outside of the wall became louder. "They're arguing over your price," a woman's voice whispered to him. "You are at a French fort in the Ohio territory." Peeta was a little surprised that he had a companion. He did not remember her being there when they threw him in the cell last night. He turned his head to see a woman, a bit older than himself, sitting in a corner. She inched closer to him and brought a ladle filled with water towards him. Her appearance was perplexing. She was white, her skin was pale, and her eyes were large and doe-like, but her auburn hair was in braids and she was dressed in a cotton shirt, a leather skirt, and moccasins much like the Indian women he'd seen on occasion. The woman peered outside, "They look like Seams…that is good. They are usually a kind tribe, unless you cross them," she told him, as he drank greedily. He had heard of the Seams before. They were a small tribe, much similar to the Shawnee, but strange in terms that they weren't like typical Indians. Many of them had grey eyes. The woman continued, "They have a custom that whenever a family member dies in battle their death is avenged in one of two ways: they take a scalp or take a captive." "What can I do?" he asked stupidly. "Just wait to see what they decide. I don't speak much Seam or I could tell you what they want you for: a scalp or a hostage," she informed him. "Death might be easier…A mean family will work you to death. A nice family will treat you right and might even eventually let you go. That is if…" she trailed off. "If what?" "If they don't make you run the gauntlet," she said softly and stared into his eyes. "It simply depends on who takes you and for what purpose." Peeta stiffened; he'd heard of the gauntlet before. The Indians would stand in two lines, with rocks and clubs, and the hostage would run through it. It was often deadly. The woman used her sleeve to wipe some dirt from his face. "How do you know all this?" She gave him a wry smile. "This isn't the first time I've been through this. I was taken captive when I was a child and I lived with the Seneca. Once every few years or so, someone tries to drag me back to civilization, meaning that someone finds out that they'll get paid a ransom by dragging me to my white family. This is the third time they've tried to take me back." "How do you get away?" "I pretend to be a nervous wreck and eager to get back," she stated and showed him her wrists. "Look they don't even bind me. Then when they let their guard down, I run for it." "Why don't you want to go back?" he wondered why she didn't want to live with her family. "I don't belong in the white world anymore. I have a family— a Seneca husband and children. I am a leader in my tribe. I own land. I'm more important in my tribe than I ever will be back east. There I'm simply Johanna, the girl who was raped by an Indian." Peeta was so exhausted and worn and could not make sense of all that he'd been through. He thought about his family and wondered if anyone had even searched for him. He imagined his mother's rage when he did not return that night. She would not have allowed his father to waste time looking for him. Everyone would most likely thought that he simply ran away, like his brothers had. His heart sank; he was utterly alone. Johanna quickly scurried back to her corner and began to sob. Seconds later the door swung open and two soldiers walked in and took him by either arm and drug him out. He looked back at his companion with looked up from her hands and gave him a face that seemed to wish him good luck. The sun dazed his eyes for a moment, and then he was pushed to his knees before three women. The one doing the speaking was a hunched-over old woman. Next to her was a young girl, about twelve maybe, with nearly fair skin, dark blonde hair, and blue eyes. Then his eyes landed on a girl about his age. Her hair was black, eyes were grey and her expression was stern. He might have been frightened of her if he'd not been so taken by her beauty. The old woman haggled with an officer. The younger girl looked him over, taking note of his multiple injuries, a nasty gash on his head, a the many cuts and lacerations all over his body. The grey-eyed girl just glared at him, as if his mere existence annoyed her. One of the soldiers reached out and took one of the smaller girl's braids. "Blanc?" The older girl and gripped the large man's wrist. "Seam!" Her voice was low and threatening, and the man let go of the blonde plait, then stepped back. The old woman shook her head and resumed her bargaining. Finally, they seemed to reach an agreement, and the blonde girl smiled widely at Peeta. The grey-eyed girl took a length of rope and tied it around his throat like a noose. In English she growled, "Come." Peeta dared not defy her…she was small, but she did not look like one to be trifled with, especially in his weakened state. She led him out of the French fort, and a couple of the Frenchmen followed them. Outside there were three horses. One was loaded down with animals' pelts; the soldiers took the furs. Peeta looked at stack of beaver and deer skins and realized that it was all that his life was worth: a hundred pounds or so of animal hides. The girls helped the old woman onto a horse then they each mounted one. He prepared to walk, but then the old woman motioned for him to get on the horse. He looked at his bound hands. The girl holding the rope rolled her eyes and helped him on. He and the girl were pushed together on the horse's bare back; the ride was awkward, and they rode for what seemed like hours before they stopped. They directed him towards the riverbank. The girl holding his leash pointed at him and said, "Stink," then motioned her head to the running water. "Bath." It took him several moments to realize that they wanted him to strip and get into the water. He cringed at the idea. It went against everything that he'd ever been taught about how to behave around women, let alone young ones. The grey-eyed girl looked at him impatiently, Peeta again held out his hands to show that it would be impossible for him to get undressed on his own. She came up close to him to untie the rope and set him free. He had not realized how raw and painful his skin was until he saw it. Her harsh expression softened when she saw it too before she gave him a scowl that told him that he was wasting time. He stripped off his tattered shirt and gave it to the old woman along with his worn, holey shoes, what was left of his knit socks, and his torn breeches. He thought that he saw the dark-haired girl's cheeks turn slightly pink when she looked upon his naked body. The other two seemed to pay him no mind. The old woman tossed his clothes in the river, and he watched in horror as the last physical connection to his home floated away. The girls pushed him into the river; the water was cold, but it felt good to his painful body. They scoured his body with sandy silt from river's edge. When he was clean to their liking, they pushed him back onto the bank and sat him on a rock. With a comb they worked the knots out of his jaw-length blond locks. The little one giggled at his blond chest hair. Peeta had not thought of it but body hair would have been somewhat of a novelty for native girl. The old woman finally returned with some clothes. A pair of long leather pants, a cotton shirt, and pair of moccasins, which were by far the most comfortable shoes that he'd ever placed his feet in. The shirt was a bit small and the pants a bit long, but it was a pleasant change from clothes that he'd spent weeks running in. The fair-haired girl brought her finger to her chest, smiled, and said, "Primrose." She pointed to the old woman. "Sae." And she finally motioned to the dark-haired girl. "Katniss." She looked at him expectantly. "You?" "Peeta," he said in a gravelly voice. The old woman laid her gnarled hands on his head, looked to the sky, and chanted some words, and the girls sang along. Katniss was not as enthusiastic as the other two, but she sang dutifully. Even naïve Peeta knew that this was some sort of ceremony…but its purpose was unknown. They could have been preparing to slit his throat and sacrifice him to some heathen god for all he knew. Sae gave him a toothless, loving smile, and said, "My son." He felt a little sense of relief; he would not be killed, at least not today. They fed him jerky and some sort of cornmeal bread. He ate the strange food hungrily; it had been ages since he'd eaten his fill. After the meal, Katniss again produced the rope to bind his wrists. He offered up his wrists and involuntarily winced; his tender flesh was already in screaming in pain. She looked into his eyes, as if she were examining his character. Finally she asked, "Peeta…stay with Katniss?" "Always," the word spilled from his mouth before he could stop it. Peeta had no intention to staying with them indefinitely but he didn't want them to know that. Her eyes narrowed at him; she must not have understood his answer or distrusted it. She put the noose back around his neck and again bound his wrists, but looser than before. They remounted the horses and rode until nearly dark when they reached an Indian village. The women led him into a little circular hut with smoke billowing from the roof. He quickly realized it was not empty. In the firelight, he saw the outline of a woman curled up on a cot. Upon further inspection he saw that her hair was light blonde and that her pale blue eyes stared off into nowhere. He saw that she looked very much like Primrose and guessed that