The Civil War is over and has left the country in ruins, just as Katniss's life was. The young widow had the weight of the world on her shoulders. She had a farm to run and a family to raise all on her own. Help arrives in the form of her late husband's comrade, Peeta Mellark. Can they help heal each other or will Katniss make good on her promise to never love and marry again? The Reconstruction of a Heart Katniss May, 1865 "Whoa Claudius, whoa Caesar," Katniss commanded the two red oxen ahead of her. She pushed back her straw hat, dabbed her brow with her sleeve, and took a drink of water from the little canteen around her neck. The spring day was pleasant, but the work was hard; plowing the soil was punishing work. Looking at the angry red marks forming on her palms, she wished that she'd worn gloves. She was exhausted. It was early afternoon and her body already ached. It was hard work for someone so small, especially in a newly cleared field. She was constantly running into old tree roots and large rocks, and it was very slow going. The property had over one hundred acres, but more than seventy of it was covered with woods; another twenty were pasture. The ten acres that were tillable ground was rocky, hilly, and mostly clay soil—muddy with at least a little bit of rain and hard as a brick in the summer sun. Fourteen-year-old Vick had offered to do it this morning, but Katniss insisted that he go to school; she'd promised Hazelle that he would get a good education. She dismissed the hired man, Mr. Cray, a month ago when she caught him peeking in her window late at middle-aged man tried to smooth things over by proposing marriage, to which she responded by threatening him with a pistol. As he packed his things to leave he yelled at her, "Marrying me is the best thing that a barren, plain widow like you could hope for." The memory still made her roll her eyes. Even if she wanted to marry again (which she had no plans to), the pudgy, lazy, frequent whorehouse patron, Mr. Cray, would be her last choice. The worst part about having no hired man, besides being left with much of the hard labor, was that the family appeared vulnerable to the outside world, a house full of women and children on a remote farm. Katniss scanned the landscape around her and sighed; it was all so overwhelming. She had a lot of work to do if she was going to get the entire half-acre done today. A man on horseback in the horizon caught her attention; she remembered the knife in her pants pocket and felt a little sense of security. These were odd times; the war had recently ended and strange people were wondering the countryside—former slaves, displaced families, and soldiers who now had no cause. Everyone was still in shock after the assassination of President Lincoln just a few weeks ago. Her neighbor, Mr. Abernathy, had pleaded with her to get another hired man after the incident with Mr. Cray; he thought that she needed a grown man around. Even if they could afford help, which they really couldn't, she was leery to hire anyone. She'd heard enough horror stories of hired men raping and robbing to make her apprehensive. Katniss would not allow anyone around her family that she did not wholly trust. The mounted figure rode closer. She pretended to ignore him and began to drive her oxen again. The man came to the edge of the field, dismounted, and approached her. "Excuse me, sir?" he called out in a friendly tone from behind her. "Can you tell me if I'm near the town of Seam or the Hawthorne farm?" "Whoa," she called out to the oxen then threw her long, thick braid over her shoulder and onto her back. "I apologize, ma'am. I just saw the trousers and assumed that you were a man." She could heard the regret in his voice. "It's next to impossible to plow in a skirt," she retorted and turned to the newcomer. Katniss had more smart comments for the man, but she forgot them when she saw him. He had a short, ash-colored beard and was in a Union uniform; the wool material made his eyes seem so intensely blue that it put the spring sky to shame. They stared at each other for a long moment. Finally the soldier had an expression of recognition and whispered, "Katniss?" "How do you know my name?" she scowled and moved her hand to her hip, closer to her knife, as useless as it seemed now. The man appeared to be full head taller than her. "I-I I'm sorry please forgive me, Mrs. Hawthorne," he stuttered sincerely and his face flushed. "It's just that Gale showed me your picture so many times and spoke about you in such a way that I feel like I know you. I should have seen that it was you right away. I've come here to find you." Katniss was stunned; she didn't know if she was more angry or upset. "Who are you?" she demanded. "My name is Peeta Mellark, ma'am," he said and took off his hat, revealing a thick mop of wavy blond hair. "I was a friend of your late husband." "Oh," she whispered. The name was familiar—it should have been, as he personally paid to have Gale's body sent home to them. Thanks to this man, her husband's body laid with his mother, in the family plot, and not in a sea of headstones hundreds of miles away in Tennessee. Sometimes when Gale would send them a letter, he would include a picture drawn by Mr. Mellark; they now resided on the walls of her home. In fact, the last likeness she possessed of her husband had been by the hand of the man before her. "Petty Officer Mellark, it is a pleasure to finally meet you." "Actually, it is Lieutenant Mellark…or it was," the man said humbly. It occurred to Katniss that he had been promoted to Gale's post after his death. He shared, "Although, now I would like to be simply Mr. Mellark again. I would like to leave the past behind me." Katniss found it hard to believe that this man was currently in her presence. He had written her and the family a letter informing them that Gale had died. Of course they had already known that Lt. Gale Hawthorne had met his demise the previous November at the Battle of Franklin, but there were no real details in the government telegram—and no comfort. Mr. Mellark's letter chronicled Gale's final moments: he had taken a musket ball to the chest and had known that it was a mortal wound. Gale had called for Mr. Mellark and had told him to repeat his words to his family, "Tell them all that I love them and that if God sees it fit, we will all be together again." Even when Katniss, who was very rarely moved by words, read the letter, she was reassured by the commiseration offered by the unknown man who had been her husband's friend and comrade. "Thank you, Mr. Mellark," she said softly. "Both for what you did and for the letter. It was especially comforting to Gale's younger siblings. You explained things better than I ever could have." "Gale was a good man," he said, and Katniss thought that she could hear his voice crack. "He deserved to be near his family." "Would you like to come to the house?" she offered. Katniss hated to stop her work, but this man was worthy of her hospitality; in fact, he deserved it. "That would be very nice," he said with the smallest of smiles. Katniss detached the draft animals from the plow, and was about to drive the animals to the barn when Mr. Mellark reached his hand out. "Please, let me take them?" Before she could say 'no,' his hand brushed hers as he took the reins from her hand, and she felt a rush of warmth. She decided that it was because he'd touched the raw spot on her palm. "Point the way." She was going to ask about his horse, but Mr. Mellark called, "Come, Demeter," and the Palomino mare trotted after them. Katniss led him to the barn; she noticed that Mr. Mellark had slight limp and she remembered Gale writing to say that he'd been shot in the leg earlier in the war. He took the yolk off the animals. Katniss took note that he did not appear to know what he was doing exactly. When he completed the task, he said, "This is a nice farm. I feel as if I've been here before. Gale used to tell me about this place so often; he really loved it here." Katniss felt a bit of long withheld resentment rise up, and she couldn't bite her tongue before she replied in a low tone, "He didn't love it all that much. He had no problem leaving, time and again." The blond-haired man gave pause; he obviously knew that he'd touched a nerve and chose not to pursue the subject further. She led the man to the family's small house, and she felt a little ashamed of home's state of disarray. Prim used to be the primary house keeper but she had been offered a teaching position by the Seam school board, male school teachers were in short supply due to the war and teaching farmers' kids in a log school house was not a position most people wanted anyhow. Prim was known to be smart, good with children, and well-liked by everyone. She jumped at the opportunity and became the first ever female school teacher in Seam. With Prim teaching and Katniss working on the farm, there was little time to keep house. Posy's dolls were scattered, Prim's knitting was on the rocking chair, and Vick's animal traps were on the floor. "I'm sorry for the mess. I've been busy elsewhere." "No, it is very…homey," he smiled. "It's been ages since I've been in a family house. I'm so used to tents now I feel like some sort of nomad." Katniss made tea and laid out some bread and cheese for them to eat. She handed her guest a steaming cup. "I would offer you some sugar, but we are all out. I have to go to town." "That's fine. I don't take it anyhow," he said kindly and took a sip. "I must apologize for my appearance; I had planned to stop for a bath and a shave in Seam before I got here." "You can take a bath later. We have a large tub. I believe that there is a shaving kit here somewhere." His comment got her thinking about her own state of dress, and she excused herself to go change. In her little closet was her scant wardrobe to wear for company. But her current choice was more limited, being a new widow: her black wool dress and her black cotton dress. Given the temperate weather, she chose the lighter of the two. She re-braided her hair and wrapped it into a low bun. Usually she didn't care about how she appeared, but something about this man made her care; she wanted him to have a good impression of her. When she came back into the kitchen, Mr. Mellark's eyes went wide when he observed her change in dress, he must have approved. She was burning with curiosity and was never one to beat around the bush. "So Mr. Mellark, may I ask what made you want to visit us here in Seam. As I recall, you come from Merchantcenter. We are hardly on your way home from Virginia." "I have a promise to keep," he said