Every once and a great while we are blessed enough to come across people who are not only great friends but also confidants. In the little over a year that Court has been my beta, I have learned so much about writing because of her, she just doesn't edit she does so much more to teach as well as correct my mistakes. In thanks and to celebrate Court81981's birthday I wrote her a little something. Originally published on tumblr. I want to acknowledge ackennedy7 for prereading and to Louezem for preading and beta-ing this piece for me. Thank you ladies, for helping to make this gift possible. Cray-Z Night Once when Peeta was a boy his father told him, "Sometimes you have to do things that you detest doing in order to do the things that you want to do and to take care of the people you love." Peeta had to remind himself of that night he was forced to go to his co-worker's bachelor party. God, I hate this place! Peeta thought as sipped his warm beer. Cray-Z's was a sleazy strip club where all the dancers had some sort of shtick, such as the as the woman currently on the stage did, Enobaria the Vampiress. She was a Goth chick with her teeth filed down to look like fangs. Other guys sitting at the table were drooling over the star pole dancer, Enobaria was promoted as the sexiest vampire in the world…Peeta didn't think too much of her. If she's the most attractive vampire there is I would hate to see an unsexy one. Peeta shook his head as one of his co-workers, Cato, ran up to the stage and shoved a fifty down her g-string and he shouted over the music, "Baby you can suck me anytime!" The dancer bared her fangs and Peeta chuckled to himself as Cato jumped back. It had been the only entertaining part of the evening. "Come on Peeta, man have another drink," Brutus demanded. "You've been nursing that thing for the last 45 minutes. "Sorry, Brutus," Peeta forced a smile, "I'm driving home, two is my limit." "What?! The night is young!" Brutus exclaimed, he was already several drinks ahead of everyone else and that was saying a lot because the other partiers were shit-faced too. "Come on, it's my bachelor party, I don't get married everyday!" "No, just every five years," Peeta said under his breath. If this was a bachelor party it was a sad one, it had three members besides Peeta, the groom Brutus, his brother Cato, and douche bag Marvel. Brutus was already distracted by the next set of boobs that passed by. The man was pathetic…he was well over forty but still acted as if he were in a fraternity, spent more time at the gym than he did at work and was getting ready to get married for the fourth time. Each wife was younger and trashier than the last. Brutus had met his newest future ex at this very club. Her name was Glimmer the Glitter Fairy, and what was sad was that the Glimmer part was not even a stage name, it was also her real name. At twenty-four years old, she already had breast implants. She was a hot mess and that was being kind. Peeta hated gentlemen's clubs in general and Cray-Z's was the worst one he'd ever been to, but when you're invited to the boss's son's bachelor party you're expected to go, or so Snow implied. (Obviously Brutus had no real friends.) The pompous old man had fired people for less so Peeta complied, even though he was going to quit soon. He'd been at Snow's architecture firm for nearly ten years. The one upside to having a demanding and oppressive mother growing up was that he was prepared for his bastard of a boss. Peeta could deal with old Snow's ridiculous instructions and frequent insults with ease while most other people run away screaming. As long as he was able to collect a hefty paycheck and go home to Katniss every night he was able to deal with it with a smile on his face. Even though he was surrounded by nearly nude women all he could think about was his wife. He looked at his watch. Katniss had promised that if he was home by eleven that she'd wait up for him and he could be with a real woman. Peeta didn't plan on passing the offer up. Peeta and Katniss had been together for fifteen years, they started dating at the end of their senior year of high school. While he was in college they had a long distance relationship while Katniss stayed back in their small hometown of Seam to help raise her sister. When Prim graduated high school Katniss finally moved to Panem to be with Peeta, they had a Justice of the Peace wedding and started their life together. When Peeta's mom found out she cut him off, thinking that he would be forced to drop out of grad school. Instead he and Katniss made it work. They worked at the same pub at night tending the bar. Then Katniss had two other jobs at any given time. She worked as an exterminator, a waitress, or anything thing else it took to pay the rent and as much of the tuition as they could manage without taking out more student loans. Currently she ran a humane animal trapping service were she caught critters and vermin such as raccoons and squirrels and then released them into the wild. It was far from glamorous but paid the bills and filled the savings account. Peeta got a job working for Snow right out of college, the pay was great but the work was hell. Katniss and he had a ten year plan. Basically it was to work their asses off, save every penny they could, and then move back to Seam. Katniss hated the city and told him that she would never raise children there. Peeta wasn't in love with it either and he hated his job more and more all the time. Architecture had been his mother's choice not his. Peeta's dream (and now Katniss's too) was to buy the abandoned mansion just outside of Seam and to open a bed and breakfast and restaurant. They had just about enough money saved to do it now. The only thing that they were waiting for was to get pregnant, a few months ago they decided they were ready to start a family and they had been actively trying for a baby ever since. They thought it best for Peeta to keep his job for the insurance, while it sucked the benefits were good. "Hey, sweetie can I get you another drink," a waitress wearing only a low cut vest and boy shorts asked him in a breathy voice while invading his personal space. "Uh, a glass of water," he replied and leaned away from her. "Oh honey, how do you expect me to get through college on tips if you don't order real drinks?" she smiled and winked at him seductively. "I bet that you want to be a pediatrician because you love animals?" he quipped. The joke must have been lost on her, because all he got was a vacant smile, "How did you guess?" Student, my ass. He was thankful that Prim never resorted to such work to get through med school, he and Katniss helped her through school as much as they could. "Forget the water," he told her. Two hours of crappy music and overpriced food and booze, in this hell hole was more than enough, "I'm heading home in a minute." The waitress left, looking a little crestfallen. Cato looked at him in disbelief, "Fuck man, she probably would let you screw her in the VIP room if you asked! Hell, if you ain't gonna tap that than I'm gonna to!" "Good luck with that, she's just flirting for tips," Peeta informed him. "You don't think that I could get with that?!" Cato challenged. "Even if you could why would you want to?" Peeta posed. "Why not?! She's a bit of a butter-face but she's still do-able," Cato said much too loudly. "One night stands are the way to go. All you guys are stupid for getting married." "Let me guess, you go to the bar on the weekend and spend a hundred bucks on drinks for you and some random woman, more like two hundred if you go to a nice bar. You ask her to go home and you're going to get turned down at least seventy percent of the time," Peeta stated. "Then the thirty percent who do go home with you how many times do you actually have great or even good sex? One or both of you are too drunk to enjoy it. You don't know what she likes. She doesn't know what you like. Then there is a chance that she has something that makes your dick turn green." "Yeah, well I bet that I get laid a lot more than you do," Cato spat like a little kid. "And by lots of different women!" "Rosie Palmer doesn't count, little bro!" Brutus laughed and held his hand up to Marvel, who promptly high fived him. "You get it? Your hand?!" "Look even if a married man gets laid only twice a week," Peeta explained (and that was conservative, in his case it was most often more), "He has have sex a ton more than you do. I bet that you don't have sex more than twice a month and that is being kind." Cato's face reflected his stunned expression; Peeta must have hit the nail on the head. "Burn!" Brutus yelled then pompously added, "Glimmer gives it up every night." "Well, the same old box would get boring after a while," Cato defended himself, poorly. "That I'll agree with. That's why my wife and I have an open relationship," Marvel said proudly, he bragged about his marital situation constantly. Peeta really couldn't stand him, he was Snow's number one 'yes' man. Marvel was so far up the old man's ass you couldn't tell where one started and the other began. He and his wife, Cashmere, were swingers. Or more correctly put Cashmere was a swinger and she rewarded Marvel's gullibility with the occasional threesome. "Haven't you been with your wife since puberty?" "Senior year," Peeta clarified. "Hey, didn't your last 'hookup' end with you chained to a wall with a gag in your mouth and something obscenely big and black shoved up another orifice?" "She said that she was into S and M and she promised that it would be like nothing I've never experienced before," Marvel informed them. "I'm sure it was!" Peeta laughed. "It sounded hot at the time," Marvel said defensively. "I didn't know that Mistress Clove was going to do that shit to me!" Cato and Brutus spat out their beer laughing at Marvel. "I would think that I'd be using the safety word long before it got that far," Peeta teased. He loved giving Marvel a hard time. "Oh, I forgot you were wearing a gag." "Hey, who told you that story?" Marvel complained. Peeta winked, he'd been saving sitting on that little nugget for ages, "Watch what you send from the company email. Why in the hell were sending those pics anyhow?" Marvel hung his head, "Cashmere wanted to see them, she said that it turned her on." Brutus and Cato laughed until they couldn't breathe. "You all have it wrong," Brutus bragged after he caught his breath. "I keep them for a few years and then dump them for the younger, hotter model when they start to show their age. With an iron clad pre-nup you're not out anything!" "Glimmer is going to get tired of your old balls before you tire of her fake boobs," Peeta