Arc 1 Chapter 1 The Girl With the Mockingjay Scar A girl with long brown hair tied back into a braid made her way out of the beaten down house toward the mailbox. She lived here with her younger sister, Primrose, and her foster parents as well as their son. She had been sentenced to life this life since her parents died when Prim was only an infant. She herself had only been four at the time and had little memory of what had happened, all she knew was that her parents were killed and the man that killed them had tried to kill her as well. The only thing that remained of that dreadful night was an unusual scar on her chest over her heart. The girl took the stack of letters from the box and started walking them back to the house, her facial expression lacking any real emotion as she did so. She hated this house and could hardly wait until she turned 18 and could get herself and Prim out of there. She didn't know where they would go, but anywhere was better then being stuck here with a group of people who really didn't want anything to do with you. As she flipped through the mail she stopped at an unusual looking letter with her name written on the front in a beautiful script. When she walked through the door to the beaten down and dirty house she rested the rest of the mail on the table before turning to head back to her "room" which she shared with Prim. As she turned she came face to face with her foster mother, a middle-aged woman of 56 with messy brown hair and ugly greenish brown eyes. She was grossly overweight and reeked of cigarette smoke and alcohol. "Any where do you think you're going with that?" The woman demanded as she ripped the letter out of the younger girl's hand. "Stealing my mail now Katniss? I expected less from you." "It's addressed to me" The girl stated calmly not flinching when the women tore the letter in half before throwing it in the trash. "Who would send you a letter?" The women asked as she took a drag from her smoke, "A college? Please you couldn't go to any place even if you tried. Maybe if they needed to fulfill a demographic." Katniss only walked away, far too used to the women by now. It wasn't that Katniss wasn't smart enough to get into a good school, it was that she never applied. Without the money to take any form of tests to get into a college she really didn't know what else to do but stay here until she could get her and Prim out. She sighed, she was only seventeen now and was dying to get out of this hell hole of a house. She was practically counting down the months until her eighteenth birthday. "What's a matter?" Prim asked from her seat on the bed, their room was located in the basement, and was very small. They could only fit two twin sized beds, and that was a only barely. They had no room for possessions and they were forced to fold their clothes and store them on the floor. The room always looked a mess and nothing they did made it look cleaner. "It's not important." Katniss stated, "Just some letter that came for me. But it was probably junk." The older girl sat on her bed, "Might have been nice to know what it was for." Primrose easily picked up on her sister's annoyed tone, knowing too well that the mother treated the two of them like crap. They spend most of their time cleaning the upstairs of the house as well as cook and do laundry. All the chores that the mother of the household would usually do or the stay at home dad. But this was all them and they never seemed to do it right according to the fat and lazy woman they were forced to live with. The son was no different, he was some middle school punk with no friends. He didn't do anything around the house and usually got the mother to make either Katniss or Prim do his chores while he "did homework" which the two knew by now was code for play video games or smoke weed in his room by himself. The only good thing about where they were currently living was that it was in Tolv, where she had lived her whole life. It was a poorer region, known for the mines that many men worked in. The air of the place always smelled like soot and ash with the lightest sent of forest due to the woods just outside the region's boundary line blocked off by a large fence. She used to play there or hide there all the time as a child, but since she was thrown here they did not allow her much time out of the house let alone into the woods. "We should start dinner soon," Katniss stated as Prim nodded her head grimly. The next day the same letter came in the mail. Katniss could recognize the beautiful handwriting. And every time the fat women would take it from her and throw it away or toss it in the fireplace with the fire going, or run it under water until any contents would be unreadable. When the man of the house came home he would do the same with any letters stuck to the door (as they were now appearing there too). The man was also an older type who loved to drink cheap beer and smoke his pipe. "What is the meaning of all these letters?" The man asked as he shoved a handful of the enveloped mail into the garbage. Katniss resisted the urge to say that if they let her open one then they would know what they were for. The doorbell rang three times before more letters were slipped under the door. All of them with the same script writing out Katniss Everdeen with no return address or anything other then her name. Days turned into weeks and these letters kept coming. Until one day the letters stopped entirely. The family sat at the table for dinner, the parents satisfied with the stop in letters. Katniss and Prim ate dinner in their room, as they were not allowed to eat with the rest of the family. They were also not allowed to talk in case someone came by to see them or their son. The doorbell had rung through the house causing the man to get up and open the door. "Can I help you?" The gruff voice asked as Katniss turned her head to listen. "The fuck is wrong with you?" She heard a female voice ask, clearly pissed off as she heard the door being forced back and footsteps coming into the house. "You make my job difficult you know that?" "Do I know you?" The man asked as the mother stood up, face red with anger. "How dare you break down my door like that!" "Shut up." The girl barked, "Katniss Everdeen, where is she?" Katniss stood, seeing the mother turn to her and glare before motioning that she could come up the stairs, Prim followed shortly behind her. "I'm Katniss Everdeen" Katniss said calmly as she reached the top of the steps. The girl who was looking for her was easily two or three inches taller then Katniss with short black hair with red highlights. Her eyes were a deep brown color and she was wearing a black T-shirt with dark blue jeans and leather lace-up boots. Aside from the angry look, the girl was rather attractive. Katniss estimated that she was a year or two older then herself. "Do you not read your mail?" The girl barked as she held up yet another letter, the same script as all the others. "Do you have any idea how many fucking stamps I had to lick? You'd save me a hell of a lot of trouble if you just read it the first time." "That can go in the garbage with the rest" The mother declared, rather dumbly in Katniss's mind since the girl was pissed off due to the fact that the letters were not read, as the man stepped forward to take the letter out of the girl's hands. He didn't get too close before the girl jerked the letter out of his reach. "Sorry last time I checked I wrote Katniss Everdeen for the five hundredth time on this, not Lazy Fat Ass." The girl snarled before her face softened ever so lightly, if Katniss hadn't been watching her so closely she may have missed it. "Foster care sucks, I would know, I've been through ten foster homes before I got this letter." "Who are you?" Primrose finally asked as she stepped out from behind Katniss. The younger girl was clearly more interested in this girl now. Her and the magical letter that promised them out of the house, or at least Katniss. "Not important right now, look the train leaved soon if your not gonna read it let me paraphrase for you." The girl stepped forward toward Katniss, "Congrats, you've been accepted to Tretton School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, blah blah blah, train leaves soon get your ass packed." "Witchcraft and Wizardry?" Katniss repeated looking very unamused. Now she was sure the chick was crazy. Such things only existed in fairy tales and folklore. "What? They never told you?" The girl looks mildly surprised now. "Come on girl, everyone in Tretton knows who you are." "What are you talking about?" "The Mockingjay scar?" The girl pointed to the girl's chest, "Look if they said nothing, I have no time to explain right now. Just...Humor me. Get yourself and your sister packed and lets get going, I'll explain on the train." "I can take Prim?" "Technically no, but I'll work it out." The girl stated, "Headmaster will have my head if I don't come back with you. Come on, I know you want out of here." The brown haired girl was surprised enough that the other girl, whom she never met before, knew of her scar, but nothing other then getting out of his house mattered to her right now. She looked over at Prim who seemed to understand as they scurried back downstairs to gather what little belongings they had into their two backpacks. She could hear the two adults arguing with the older girl but that mattered very little as Katniss pushed past the older foster parents and walked out the door with Prim's wrist tightly clenched in her one hand. "If you leave you can never come back!" She heard the mother yell as the older girl followed them out, a snort of laughter leaving her as the mother yelled after them. "I don't think they got the memo." Outside was a black Subaru, probably an early 2000 model. It wasn't much but hey, it was getting them away from here. The girl unlocked the doors and jerked the driver side door open. "Now as I was saying, we're in a hurry, get in." The two sister wasted no time listening to the older girl as they tossed their bags in the backseat before Katniss sat up in the passenger side while Prim jumped in back with the bags. The girl started the car and drove down the old street, speeding up lightly only confirming that they were in deed, in a hurry. "Your an interesting individual you know that Mockingjay?" The older girl commented ten minutes into their drive, "Normally after a performance like that people aren't so quick to jump in the front seat." "I have a name," Katniss was quick to state, "Remember, you wrote it five hundred times." The girl shot her a sideways glare before an