"Benjy Fenwick, he copped it too, we only ever found bits of him…" - Alastor Moody Chapter 1 … "Well, if nothing else, I'm glad to see Hermione hasn't gotten any better at drinking," Seamus joked, getting a chorus of laughter from the group circled around a table at the Leaky Cauldron. They were hidden behind a few privacy spells with Tom's approval, safe from being overseen or overheard by any overzealous fans - or, more importantly, by the papers. "Merlin, woman, you have to at least finish the Firewhiskey before you go get a glass of wine!" "Yeah, Hermione," Harry said, prodding her in the side, "show the whiskey who's in charge. Don't let it just sit there." Hermione rolled her eyes and began to defend herself, only to be cut off by Ron Weasley standing up and saying, "Oi, leave her alone - if my girlfriend doesn't want to drink whiskey, I'll finish it for her." Hermione simply rolled her eyes again, albeit with a small smile on her face. "Oh, are you two dating?" Padma managed to ask with a straight face. "You should have said something, mate," Seamus got out between sniggers, earning himself a sharp punch in the arm from Ron, who had settled back into his seat and was leaning against the dark wood of their crowded little booth. "Really, we had no idea." "Fuck off," Ron said, lacking bite due to the smile on his face and his arm around Hermione's shoulders. The fun continued good-naturedly through the evening, and eventually the group was discussing their next moves in life. It was, after all, July. Two months had passed since the Battle of Hogwarts, and while each of them was recovering at a different pace, the world expected them to be back up and running sooner rather than later. It was… important to morale, and they all knew it. "I'm really very excited to start back at Hogwarts," Hermione said, studying her most recent, nearly empty, glass of wine closely. "It'll be nice to be there without worrying about anyone trying to kill Harry," she added quietly. "Odd, but nice," Dean Thomas echoed. "I'll toast to that," Padma smirked. The three of them lifted their glasses and clinked, keeping stoic expressions even as the rest of the table chuckled. "What about you, Parvati? How's work been going?" Since the final battle, Parvati had been working at St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. Everyone had thought it was short-term, a way of coping with all the pain and death by learning to heal instead, but she had really grown into the nursing role. Her feelings for the job were evident in the way she leaned in conspiratorially and said, "Oh, work's been great. They've even let me into the mystery ward." Here she paused, clearly waiting for someone to ask what the mystery ward was. Seamus took the bait, and Harry vaguely wondered how long it would be before those two started dating. "What's in the mystery ward?" She leaned back, posing primly. "While I'm afraid it would be breaking patient-nurse confidentiality to tell you anything specific…" Another pause, this time to give a Cheshire cat grin. "It's where they put all the long-term cases that they have no idea what to do with. It's incredible, and some of them are pretty creepy." Here, she frowned. "I really can't tell you anything more than that, though. I'd hate to get fired." Harry chuckled a the way she could ride an emotional roller coaster in a matter of seconds. If you had told him back at Hogwarts, or even while on the run, that he'd willingly spend an evening at the pub with Parvati Patil for company, he'd have told you off and called you mad. And yet, here they all were. Even Hermione was having a pleasant time with her. When he tuned back into the conversation, Padma was detailing her most recent date with… someone, he really wasn't sure who. With a glance at his watch, he realized it was nearing his usual bedtime, and he said as much when he stood to leave. "Hermione can't drink, Harry's about to fall asleep at the table! What a bunch of old women!" Seamus cried, prompting Parvati to demand what, exactly, was so much worse about old women than old men, hmm? Hermione perked up at the banter and joined in, only making Harry more sure that it was time for him to leave. He bid them all goodbye, even Ron, not that he wouldn't be seeing him the next morning. Harry was still staying in Percy's old room at the Burrow. Mrs. Weasley had realized that he was planning to stay at Grimmauld Place and had immediately rushed him off to her own home after the battle, where she could keep an eye on him. He had been too tired to fight her that day, and it had just become a pattern. He knew he would have to get his own place sooner or later (or come to terms with Grimmauld), but he hadn't been able to yet, not that he'd been trying very hard. He Apparated to the Burrow's front door and entered quietly, aware of the somewhat late hour. Fortunately, the other residents of the house were still awake, even Mrs. Weasley. His arrival cut short her laughter at something George had said - he still sometimes caught himself trying to figure out which twin was in front of him - and she stood and bustled over to him, embracing him in a tight hug. "Welcome home, Harry, are the others still out, then?" She didn't really give him a chance to reply before continuing: "You've gotten a letter from Hogwarts. I assume it's from Professor McGonagall; she probably wants you to reconsider attending in the fall." She had located the letter by now and held it out to him in one hand, the other placed firmly on her hip. "I hope that you aren't avoiding school because of what happened between you and Ginny. There are no hurt feelings, after all, just like you said… she would survive, if she were to watch you date another person, another young man," she clarified brusquely at the end. Harry tried to splutter out an answer to that - when after a moment he had still had no success, he just took the letter and managed to get out "I'll just be upstairs, er, good night!" before practically sprinting up the rickety stairway and into Percy's bedroom. Objectively, he understood that the Weasleys were trying to make him feel loved and accepted, but it was all too much sometimes. He had no idea how the wizarding world in general felt about homosexuality, but it didn't matter just yet. It was something that he was still working through on a very private level, and he didn't want to have to explain anything to the public before he really understood it all himself. Locked in Percy's old bedroom, heart pounding, he sat down on the edge of the bed. Mrs. Weasley's hand-knit, rust-colored afghan already had holes worn into it from years of loving use, and the fingers on one hand laced into them with ease. He held himself still like that for a moment before taking a deep breath, holding it - one, two, three, four - and letting it out. He would open the letter, scrawl a reply if necessary, and then go to sleep and forget that conversation had ever happened. As Mrs. Weasley had said, the letter came from the school. It bore the Hogwarts seal and McGonagall's handwriting, and he opened it with some small amount of trepidation. Mr. Potter, I have a matter of some urgency to discuss with you. Please stop by the Head office at your earliest convenience; if possible, please provide a time to expect you. Minerva He frowned down at the page. Did Minerva consider him coming back to school a matter of some urgency? Had something gone wrong? His chest tightened at the thought, but he would not go barging into her quarters at this hour. He resolved to go to her office first thing in the morning and sent her owl with a reply advising that she expect him via floo at around nine-thirty. With that taken care of, he stripped down and crawled into the bed, hoping that sleep would come easily. … Harry was itching to floo to Hogwarts the entire morning; he had woken up at seven o'clock sharp, just like every other day since the beginning of July. He had helped Molly serve breakfast to the other later risers, he had helped her clean, and he had even attempted to read, although he couldn't stay focused enough to become invested in the rise and fall of the Chudley Cannons Chasers' Curse. In retrospect, he could have told McGonagall he could meet at eight-thirty. Finally, it was nine-twenty and he decided that was close enough. He tossed the borrowed book across Ron's room and bounded down the stairs, only pausing to bid Molly a quick good-bye before rushing through the floo. Minerva was sitting at her desk having a terse conversation with the Sorting Hat and smiled tightly at his arrival. "Welcome back, Mr. Potter. Please, take a seat. We'll finish this later," she said quietly to the Hat before moving it back to its shelf. Harry settled into one of the small winged armchairs in front of her desk, his knees knocking together uncomfortably. There was only a brief moment of silence before he asked, "Professor, why am I here? You said it was… urgent." He was wringing his hands, and his knuckles popped. Her lips were pursed into a small frown, and she took a deep breath for replying. It was as though she was steeling herself, and it didn't reassure Harry. "We'll get right into it, then. Sometime between your birth and Christmas of 1980, the Order of the Phoenix gained a new member. I was the one to bring him into the fold, and he was not allowed to any meetings until Albus and I had jointly determined that he was in no way a security threat." She paused again, and Harry wasn't sure what to say yet; this was not going in any direction he had imagined. "Was it.. Pettigrew?" At least this earned a sharp laugh from the woman. "No. This was a man none of us had ever met before; he had no past to speak of. He was dosed with Veritaserum, he underwent Legilimency by Albus, and he willingly swore Unbreakable Vows to us that his story was true. His name was Troy Raphter." Harry looked at her blankly. "Has he done something recently that's important? Is he trying to become a new Dark Lord or something?" His brows scrunched together. "I'm having a hard time connecting the dots here." "Troy Raphter never gave us a middle name, and I'm very curious to see what he could have come up with. You never were one for word games, were you, Mr. Potter?" No, Harry was not. "That's more Hermione's area of interest, Professor," he said with a snort. "Troy Raphter is an anagram of Harry Potter." She paused to let this sink in, and he suddenly found himself unable to move, barely able to even breathe the suddenly thick air in her office. "Albus and I knew that you had come from the future, and we allowed you to continue with your mission." "I can't - what are you talking about? That's - that's -" he was going to say impossible , but he had traveled through time before, he had broken rules and done the impossible before, it was no use. "What was the mission?" he demanded. "What was he - I - there to do?" She looked down at her hands, and he noticed they were shaking nearly imperceptibly.