Chapter 1 " Dolce Casa Café" Story contains language and scenarios that some people may find offensive. Please use discretion when reading. Also – there is no disrespect intended toward any ethnic background or sexual orientation mentioned in this story. The story takes place mostly on the north side of Chicago and I apologize for anything north side residents might find offensive. North siders are great – their community is very laid back and in general they are very opened minded and welcoming people. Thanks for giving this story a try. P.S. No copy infringement is intended – just having a little 'fun' with the characters. SM owns all…except for the smut….that's all me. SWAK! XO CoMeKiTtY "Are you fucking hearing me?" That fucking accusatory tone had my knuckles turning white from gripping the steering wheel so hard. I didn't dare loosen my fucking grip, cuz this mother fucker was gonna be seeing out the back of his head he keeps this shit up. Inhaling sharply and running a hand through my hair, I worked to keep the little fucking patience I had left after listening to this jamook for the last fucking hour. "Yeah, I heard you," I replied flatly. Now shut the fuck up before I throw your ass out the door. Emmett's face heated with anger as he pounded his fist on the dashboard of my escalade. "Bull shit! Bull. Fucking. Shit! You haven't heard a fucking word I said!" That was it. The last of my patience flew out the window and I snapped. "Because you haven't said shit!" I looked over at the passenger side to gage his reaction and jabbed my index finger into his fucking arm as I repeated myself for emphasis. "You haven't said shit!" Before that fucking mouth had a chance to disagree, I quickly continued. "No. Just shut your fucking mouth for once and listen! I heard you – fuck the whole north side heard you – the numbers are good. But you know what, Em? That's not good enough! His word? It don't mean shit! Deep down you know I'm fucking right." Coming to a stoplight along Damen Ave., I lit a smoke and looked my brother in the eyes to emphasize my next words. "You. You more than anyone else knows this." I let the weight of that statement hang in the air. I didn't need to say more – he knew what I was getting at. Paul – short little prick who grew up on the south side and thought he knew better. Him and Emmett were tight. Being a top earner didn't mean shit though cuz Paul made his own fucking rules. He started out keeping the sports books. Then got a crew together working delivery trucks and pulling off safe jobs. This prick was pulling in forty to fifty G's a week. Jobs that big don't go unnoticed and word gets around fast. Started spending more than half that on blow and getting sloppy. And that ain't good for no one. Didn't take too long for that slippery little fuck to get called in. Paul told 'em to go fuck themselves. Just like that. Go fuck yourself. No remorse. Crazy fucking bastard. Really though, what could he say? He knew he fucked up and wasn't getting a pass. His time was up. And just like that they put a bullet in his head. Dumped the body in the Chicago River. Police wrote it off as drug related. And that was that. No more Paul. His dark eyes narrowed, clouding with anger. His voice, thick with emotions and laced with malice, was barely recognizable. "Fanabala." "No. You go to hell. You don't know a God damned thing about Riley. He's a fuck-up and an empty suit. His loyalties are to no one but himself. He's fucking desperate. You know what desperate fucking gets you?" He knew full well what desperate got you. Although my words were unnecessary, I continued, "It gets you fucking dead." The silence in the car was fucking pissing me off. I wanted to blow off my own piece just to hear something. Fuck anything. I trusted that strunz about as far as I could throw him. And that wasn't fucking far. "Jesus Christ! This isn't a fuck you. Riley don't know nothing from nothing. We do this? We do this right. We check the numbers. If we see it checks out, we go. But not until we check it out first. Look at me…." I looked him square in the eyes. "You don't fucking eat alone. Ever. That's bull shit. Unless you want to be put to sleep with a serious fucking headache. The kind asprin don't fix. You feel me? We do this? We do it on the fucking record. We give everyone a taste. And that includes Caius." Emmett shakes his head in disagreement. "Caius," his voice is thick with disgust. "He leaves. Just disappears for fourteen months. Don't say nothing to no one. Shows up one God damned day outta nowhere. Like he's been dropped outta the fucking sky or some shit. Where does he think he is? He can just come and go as he pleases? Fuck that shit." "This thing." He waved his fingers between us. "This is ours." I snorted in exasperation. "You keep thinking like that – you'll be lucky if you're standing this side of the grass. We do this? We do this right. We pay our respects. It's the right fucking thing. And that includes Caius." Emmett's only reply was a grunt and a shake of his head. Emmett's my older brother and I fucking love him. But he's a greedy mother fucker and everyone knows it. He's gotta be careful with that, greed don't buy you much here, except for a long walk to the deep six. Greed has no place in a family. In a business like this, one hand washes the other, both hands wash the face, and if one hand fucks the other – both hands are fucked. It was tough loving Emmett, but Emmett needed tough love. The way I saw it tough love was better than a tough break. In the real world a tough break means a dock in pay. But this ain't the real world. This world is made up of superheroes in super suits that would kill you for shits and gigs on a Friday night. I pulled into the small parking lot and let out a long breath. Raking my hands over my face, I let myself come down from our long business discussion. This conversation was tired shit. Same story different fucking day with this one. "Well you big fucking Gavone, you haven't put anything in that hole for what – two hours? You must be fucking starving. Let's go." And just like that the conversation was over and the mood lightened. And that's just Emmett. His enthusiasm for food wins out every time. "Fuck yes! You know being hungry ruins my cheery disposition." I snorted. "Come on, pussy." We rounded the corner to a small café in Uptown that I've come to frequent often this past month. It's hard to believe it's only been a month. A month since everything went to shit and Sammy was whacked. Sammy ran Uptown but he was talking to the Feds. Fucking rat. Carlisle had Marcus put the order out on the hit; had his boys take Sammy for a ride with a one way ticket. They drove his ass out to an empty lot scheduled for paving in the morning and handed him a shovel. He dug his own fucking grave before they forced him to his knees and put a bullet in his head execution style. Now, in addition to Ravenswood, I also control the streets of Uptown. "What is it with you and this place?" The Dolce Casa Café didn't look like more than a hole in the wall – but they had the best fucking coffee on the north side. "What?" "What, what? Look around," he gestures to the to the people walking up the street. "all these coffee drinking fanooks walking around shooting sunshine up everyone's ass. I don't know. It's fucking weird is all." "People are friendly here. So what?" "I don't know. Maybe you're enjoying the sunshine a little too much, if you know what I mean…" he bats his eyes lashes at me, "sitting here sipping your nonfat, decaf iced honey vanilla fucking whatever latte." "Get outta here with that shit! Stop busting my balls already. They got good coffee. " "All I'm saying is, if you're gonna be…." Emmett lowers his voice and glances sideways, "coming here," he gestures to the street with a wave of his hand, "order a fucking coffee like a man. Quit being a mezza fanook with those foo-foo chick drinks you're always getting. You gotta be careful with that shit here. You want cream in your coffee…" he lets out a rolling laugh and pats me on the back, "I bet one of these fanooks be more than happy to give you a squirt." "Shut the fuck up! Like I said the coffee is good. Period." Among a few other things. I smiled to myself and reached down to adjust myself. Truth? Yeah the coffee was good but what kept me coming back was the hard on I had for the brunette waitress. She was fucking hot. Like smoke hot. Has this innocence about her that makes my dick ache. And yeah, I wanted to fuck her. I wanted to bend her over that counter she's always leaning on and fuck her till she screamed my name. The counter or the table or that red couch…as long as my dick was inside her it didn't fucking matter where. But this ain't some skank-ho from the neighborhood looking to get theirs. And I don't do girlfriends. I don't need the added complications – all the ball busting and crying and carrying on 'bout being lonely and shit. I keep it simple. Get my rocks off and move on. With a few exceptions, there's rarely a repeat performance. My attention is pulled away from Emmett to a sleazy looking guy leaning against the building smoking. He tries to play it off looking casual but his aggressive questioning and defiant stance says otherwise; and this is what has caught my attention. He moves closer to a very nervous looking employee from the café and relentlessly continues his interrogation. He stands at his full height looking down at the employee and jabs a finger into the employee's chest. Body language says a lot and I recognize his tactic as one I have used many times to glean information. It's intimidation – at its simplest form. I catch Bella's name more than once and wonder who this prick is to her. It's not my fucking business and I shouldn't give a fuck; yet I can't help wanting to drag that prick out to the street and let my foot meet the back of his head while his teeth are wrapped around the curb. Emmett raised a curious eyebrow. "What, you mother fuck? They do." "Yeah? Who's the fucking pussy now?" I shoved that big fucking ox in the shoulder, "Shut the fuck up, cacasenno. Let's go. I'm buying." Taking my sunglasses off so my eyes could adjust, I did a quick scan of the small café. My eyes stopped on the petite brunette now leaning over the display of pastries. Among other things indeed. Who the fuck am I kidding? If she was offering? Yeah, I'd fuck her. I took in her perfectly round bottom, swaying back and forth as she wiped down the glass. Fuck yes I groaned internally. I wanted to be that glass she was rubbing herself on. I heard more than felt my teeth clench as a groan rumbled deep in my throat and I felt my dick twitch. Marron! I wanted