You can also find this story on AO3 (Archiveofourown) Forget Me Not Summary- Harry is a quiet boy, that is easily forgettable, sometimes even his own twin brother forgets about him. Dropped off at their relatives, the Dursleys, when they were only one year old, Harry and his twin grew up not knowing what love and friendship were. Chapter one- Vanishing Glass Evil laughter. A scream. A bright green light. Heat. Thick Smoke. A bushy head. Large, bushy arms. A deep, scratchy voice. A warm blanket. A loud rumble. A rush of wind. Hushed words. Hard ground. Silence. "Up!" Two pairs of eyes; one an ocean blue, the other an emerald green; shot open as the shrill voice cut into the dream the two boys were having. "Get up!" The boys' aunt shrieked as she rapped on the door as the blue haired boy silently sighed as he grabbed his glasses and sat up on his cot. "Now!" Haiden, the blue eyed boy, ran his hand through his unruly black hair trying to tame it some what as his eyes were drawn to his twin brother, Harry, as he silently crawled out from underneath the cot. Haiden watched as Harry curled up in front of the door with his legs pulled to his chest and his emerald green eyes look up at him. Haiden glanced away from his brother's eyes that seemed unnaturally large, but maybe it was because of how small Harry was compared to him, and he wasn't very large himself. Haiden nearly jumped in fright when their aunt rapped on the door again. "Are you up yet?" She demanded. "Nearly." Haiden called back knowing that his brother wouldn't seeing as Harry barely spoke out of fear of being punished. It seemed that whenever Harry opened his mouth something strange always happened. "Well hurry up! I want Harry to look after the bacon, and don't you dare let it burn!" Their aunt snapped through the door and Harry nodded even though she could not see him. "I want everything to be perfect for Duddy's birthday." At that Haiden accidentally let a groan slip. "What did you say?" "Nothing!" Haiden called back quickly, not wanting either him nor his brother to be beaten, especially not today. If they did anything to warrant a beating today it would be ten times worse than a normal beating. Today was special. Haiden let his eyes fall to his brother who had his chin resting on knees and was playing with a spider. The twins had no problem with spiders seeing as the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was where they slept. With a silent sigh, Haiden began to search the small space for their socks as he kept an eye on his brother. He didn't need his brother accidentally doing something that would cause them to be in trouble and thus getting a beating. Haiden knew his brother never actually tried getting them in trouble, but it seemed that the more Harry tried not to get into trouble, the more trouble he seemed to get them in. And Haiden would not allow that to happen today. "Here." Haiden whispered to his brother as he handed him the nicest pair of socks they own, this pair of socks only had six holes in them. Harry took the socks from his brother with a silent nod of thanks before gently pushing the spider away from him and slipped the socks on, wiggling his big toe as it stuck out of a hole while taking Haiden and his shoes from their spot and handing his brother his shoes. "Ready?" Haiden asked after they had slipped their shoes on. After another silent nod from Harry, Haiden opened the cupboard door. As quickly as Harry could, he slipped past his brother and lead them down the hall to the kitchen. "Don't you dare burn them." His aunt hissed at him when he took the pan from her allowing her to leave the room. Harry looked over his shoulder to his twin to see him standing out of the way by the kitchen door looking at the table that was covered with their cousin Dudley's birthday presents. Harry looked back at the bacon, flipping them, before looking over his other shoulder to the table. From the looks of it, Dudley had gotten the new computer he had wanted, along with the second television and the racing bike. The reason why Dudley wanted a racing bike Haiden and Harry still remained a mystery to Haiden and Harry seeing as their cousin was very fat and hated exercise, unless of course it involved punching somebody. Dudley's favorite punching bag was Haiden, he had tried to make Harry a bunching bag, but could never catch him. Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Haiden and Harry had always been small and skinny for their age, with Harry being the smaller of the two. The two looked smaller and skinnier than they actually were because all they were given to wear were old clothes of Dudley's. Dudley was about four times bigger then they were. Haiden and Harry both had thin faces, knobbly knees, and black hair. Harry had large, bright emerald green eyes. Haiden, on the other hand, had dull ocean blue eyes that were hidden behind round glasses that were held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the time Dudley punched him on the nose. Haiden also had a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He had had it as long as he could remember, and the first question Haiden could remember asking their Aunt Petunia was how he had gotten it. "In the car crash when your parents died," she had told him looking as if she had smelled something rotten. "And don't ask questions." The twins had learned early in their life with their relatives was that if they wanted a quite life with the Dursleys then they didn't asked any questions and did as they were told with no arguing. Harry flipped the bacon again as their Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen. "Comb your hair, boy!" He barked at Haiden his way of a morning greeting. About once a week, Uncle Vernon would look over the top of his newspaper and shout that Haiden needed a haircut. Harry was sure that his brother had had more haircuts then the rest of the boys in their class put together, but it made no difference, Haiden's hair simply grew all over the place. While Harry's hair fell in waves to his shoulder and never seemed to fall out of place or look dirty like his brother's hair. By the time Dudley entered the kitchen with his mother, Harry had finished cooking the bacon and had started frying eggs. Their cousin Dudley looked a lot like their Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Their Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel. Haiden and Harry both agreed that he looked more like a pig in a wig. With the help of his twin, Harry put the plates of eggs and bacon on the table, which had been quite difficult as there hadn't been much room. Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents. Harry watched silently as his face fell and knew that he was about to throw a tantrum and began to silently eat his breakfast, along with his brother. "Thirty-six," Dudley said as Harry took a sip of some water, "that's two less than last year." "Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here under this big one from Mommy and Daddy." Aunt Petunia told him pointing out the present as Haiden and Harry quickly finished their breakfast. "All right, thirty-seven then," Dudley said as his face began to turn red, alerting everyone that a tantrum was on the way. Harry, finished with his breakfast, quickly scooted away from the table as Haiden began to all but shovel the food into his mouth in case Dudley turned the table over. "And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today. How's that popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right?" Aunt Petunia soothed. Dudley's face returned to it's normal color as he thought for a moment, though it looked like hard work for him. "So I'll have thirty... thirty..." He said slowly. "Thirty-nine, sweetums." Aunt Petunia said. "Oh," Dudley said as he sat down heavily on the seat Harry had occupied just moments ago and grabbed the nearest parcel, "all right then." "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like his father." Uncle Vernon said with a chuckle before somehow managing to reach over and ruffle Dudley's hair. "'Atta boy, Dudley!" Harry moved closer to his brother and sat down on the floor with his knees pulled to his chest to take up a little space as possible as the telephone rang. Aunt Petunia went and answered it as Uncle Vernon and Haiden watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR. Dudley was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried. "Bad news, Vernon," she said, "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't take them." She jerked her head in Haiden's direction as Harry got to his knees next to his brother to peer over the table at her and Vernon. Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, but Harry's heart gave a leap and glanced up at his brother to see that he had had the same reaction. Every year on Dudley's birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. And every year, Haiden and Harry were left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. The twins hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made them look at photographs of all the cats she'd ever owned. "Now what?" Aunt Petunia asked looking furiously at Haiden and Harry as if they had planned this. Harry shifted on his knees knowing that he should feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn't easy when he reminded himself that it would be a whole year before either he or his brother had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again. Harry shifted on his knees again while glancing up at his brother who glanced down at him and knew they were feeling the same. "We could phone Marge." Uncle Vernon suggested as Harry looked at him trying to hide his fear at being stuck with his Aunt Marge. That woman hated him and his brother with a passion, and Harry wouldn't put it past her to try and seriously harm if not murder him and his brother should they be forced to stay any length of time alone with her. "Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy." Aunt Petunia said and Harry let out a breath he was holding in silent relief. Haiden and Harry were used to the Dursley's talking about them as if there weren't there or they were something very nasty that couldn't understand them, like slugs. "What about what's-her-name, your friend, Yvonne?" Uncle Vernon suggested. "On vacation in Majorca." Aunt Petunia snapped once again throwing a glare at Haiden and Harry as if they had some how made sure Yvonne had gone on vacation. "You could just leave us here." Haiden put in hopefully, they would be able to watch whatever they wanted on television for a change, and they could maybe even have a go on Dudley's computer. Harry fought the urge to duck