Roses in December By Solomon Aegis One Last Little Spell Larrick Cade wondered what in hell had made him decide to join the forces of The Dark Lord, the battle was over and his leader was dead his body cooling in a small damp room where the rats were sure to find it. The dispirited and rather ineffectual Death Eater wanted nothing more than to escape and avoid spending the rest of his life in Azkaban. After all even in the heat of battle he had never killed anyone, so really when you looked at it he hadn't done anything wrong; just a moment to make a bad decision and he would be branded the same as all the other fanatical followers, it wasn't fair. The corridor he was hiding in was dark and quiet but he knew that sooner or later the Aurors, searching Hogwarts for such as he, would appear; he didn't have much time. There was a large window at the end of the passage, its stained glass fractured into thousands of pieces by some stray spell, and through it Larrick could see open countryside and the mountains beyond; his way out. Keeping close to the wall and in as much of the shadows that remained he crept along, nervously stopping if he imagined he heard a noise. He was so intent on his goal that he totally failed to notice the small side passage and was so surprised when someone stepped out of it that he acted purely on impulse. " Obliviate!" he shouted, rather louder than he intended. It was the only spell he had used all day and every time but this his spells had missed but this time his aim was true. Like a sickly yellow cloud the spell enveloped the head of the girl that had given him such a shock, and Larrick watched as her eyes took on the vacant stare of those whose memories had just deserted them. Then her legs gave way and she slumped to the ground in a dead faint. Only seconds had passed but already the sound of running feet could be heard and Larrick bolted. He had nearly reached the window when a shout from behind made him stop and turn. The voice he had heard before, not more than a few hours ago it had been throwing challenges at the Dark Lord, and now Larrick Cade the lowliest of the Death Eaters looked up into the face of his worst nightmare. Harry Potter stood next to the crumpled form on the floor and the expression of anger on his face was far greater than even Voldemort had ever seen. Fear robbed Larrick of nearly all his strength and his bowels and bladder let him down badly but it seemed that even now he could not make the right decision and he was about to make his final mistake of this momentous day. He raised his wand. " Expelliarmus! Stupefy!" The two spells, fired almost as one, streaked from Harry's wand and Larrick's wand shot from his hand and the stunning spell took his consciousness. Such were the force of the spells that Harry unleashed Larrick's body flew backwards and smashed into the unyielding wall of the corridor; it dropped heavily to the floor and lay still. However Harry was not concerned with the fate of the Death Eater he was far more worried about the girl at his feet. He knelt by her side and cradled her head in his lap smoothing away the wayward hair that was covering her face. He had heard the spell the Death Eater had used on her and he had seen the disastrous effects it could produce on its victims, his only comfort was that he was still alive. There was nothing he could do for the moment but wait, so he sat and stared down into a face he knew so well, that at the moment was pale but at peace, but soon would awake to face an uncertain future with no memories of her past to support her. It tore at his heart just to think of it but whatever his feelings he knew it was imperative that he showed no emotions, he would have to lead her through those first few terrible moments when the realisation hit her, or the damage could be irretrievable. The colour slowly returned to her cheeks and Harry watched the long lashes of her eyelids flutter as she began to regain consciousness. Her eyes opened, they were unfocused and devoid of the usual sparkle Harry was used to seeing, they moved desperately trying to make some sense of her surroundings, and Harry could feel the panic rising as at last she looked at him. He smiled and smoothed her hair. "Hi," he said quietly, "just lie still for a moment, you'll be ok," he felt her relax a little. "My name is Harry I'm your friend, I won't let anyone hurt you; you will be safe with me." Simple statements of comfort and security, Harry knew how important these were, for the full impact of the effects of the memory spell were only seconds away. Suddenly she sat up and turning to Harry grabbed his arm. "You're my friend?" there was a touch of panic in her voice and Harry nodded. "Harry," she said trying out the name. "That's right." "But...," and the tears welled up in her eyes. "I can't...," she blinked and the tears cascaded down her cheeks. "I don't...,"she sobbed, and her grip on Harry's arm tightened. He pulled her to him and enveloped her in his arms, strong arms, safe arms, but other than the name of the person who owned those arms she couldn't remember anything. Harry had to tread very carefully now the person in his arms was literally clinging on to the only thing she knew. Her sobs wracked her body and if he allowed the panic to build she would find refuge in the inner reaches of a blank mind and be lost forever. "Hermione," he whispered in her ear, gently shaking her shoulders to get her attention back to him. "Your name is Hermione and you are my best friend." She lifted her head to look him in the face, he betrayed none of his inner emotions, she saw a calm, compassionate and yet resolute expression that gave her the confidence to speak. Her voice still trembled as she fought the terror down. "Hermione?" "Yes." "But it's just a name, I don't know who she is," Hermione almost choked on the words. "I do," said Harry, in a matter of fact voice, "and you would be surprised at the things I can do to help you remember." He stood and then helped Hermione to her feet; she clung to him as if she would never let him go. He led her slowly up the main corridor away from the crumpled form of Larrick Cade and they had but gone a few yards when the sound of people coming toward them reached their ears. Four burly Aurors appeared at the end of the corridor Harry beckoned for them to hurry. "Mr Potter, Miss Granger, you need to be careful we cornered two Death Eaters in a room not far from here," said the leader of the group. "There's another one over there," said Harry nodding to the heap by the window. "He could still be alive, but he attacked Hermione, I wasn't very gentle." "He's still with us," called the Auror who had crossed over to Larrick's body, "I'll send for the healers Barton," he said to his boss, "and stay with him, though I doubt he will give us any problems, Mr Potter did a very through job I'd say." Barton Ash waved his assent and then turned his attention to the young couple before him. He could see that Harry was desperately trying to tell him something with his eyes and yet was unwilling to speak it. The senior Auror took in Hermione's dishevelled appearance then from behind the girl, he saw Harry silently mouth 'Obliviated'. Ash swore quietly, it was such a shame; a life ruined, everything she could have been wiped away in an instant. "We'll leave these two to get on lads," he said, ushering his men away, "there's bound to be more like that one over there skulking around." He gave Harry one last look, "Good luck young man, and thanks we owe you a lot." Harry with Hermione still clinging to him headed toward the only place he knew he could get help. He knew Madam Pomfrey would be busy but she was the only healer he really trusted especially as Hermione's sanity was at stake. For the first ten minutes of their climb to the Hospital Hermione said nothing but she had obviously been thinking as hard as she could. "Hermione Granger, that's me and Harry Potter that's you." She stated the two facts she was sure about. "You have done something important, haven't you?" Harry waited watching the thought processes of the smartest witch he had ever known work through the scant information she had available to her. "That man Barton Ash, said he owed you a lot. No that's not right he said we and he wasn't just meaning his men either, he meant everyone didn't he Harry?" "Yes," Harry reluctantly agreed. "What did you do?" "It was nothing really," He didn't want to talk about it, but for Hermione's sake he knew he had to. "I had a fight ...Voldemort was a very bad man, he wanted to rule us all, we fought and he died," he explained. "Nearly everybody is very happy about it." "Voldemort," Hermione said the word slowly her mind testing it to see if it meant anything, there was nothing, but the mention of that name unaccountably made her shudder. "You're not happy are you Harry? Not happy at all." "No I'm not but I gave him the chance to give it all up, I don't suppose he could, he tried to kill me but he wasn't able to, his attempt backfired on him and he died," "But that means you didn't kill him, he killed himself." Harry gazed at Hermione in wonder; even in this state she had helped him yet again, how on earth was he ever going to repay her for all the times she had done that. When they reached the ward the scene was one of total bedlam the injured filled the beds and occupied mattresses that covered most of the remaining empty floor space, healers from St. Mungos were moving from patient to patient but standing serene and in complete control of the chaos was the school nurse Madam Pomfrey. She saw Harry and Hermione immediately and moved quickly to intercept the St. Mungos healer that was headed toward them. "I will deal with these two," she said imperiously waving the man away; he shrugged his shoulders and turned instead to the occupant of one of the beds who looked in a bad way. Madam Pomfrey drew Harry and Hermione through the ward and into the relative quiet of her office. "What can I do for you two," but as she said the words she was looking at Hermione watching the girls reaction to what was going on around her and the way she was hanging on to Harry. Harry saw the sadness creep into the nurses eyes. "Harry, I need to have a word with you; would you ask?" She gave Hermione a comforting pat on the shoulder. "Do you mind Hermione, if I go and have a quick word?" Hermione shook her head. "No, I don't mind but not for too long Harry, please?" she entreated. "Only just a moment," Harry replied as steadily as he could. "How long ago?" Madam Pomfrey asked when they were alone. "About half an hour." "A full power spell?" "I don't know, I