While I realize that a story focusing on Gilraen and Elrond will perhaps not generate the same number of reads and reviews as others, I find the two to be absolutely fascinating characters, and I hope you enjoy my portrayal of them. This tale takes us back in time, but is important in the story arc I have created for what is to come. Please leave your comments and let me know what you think. Each review matters very much to me. "I gave Hope to the Dunedain, I have kept no hope for myself." Gilraen, mother of Aragorn II. Appendix A, The Return of the King. T.A. 2933 The heavy rains of waning autumn drenched the trio of sombre riders. Casting a glance to the sky, the young woman pulled her heavy cloak even closer around her in an effort to ensure the protection of the precious burden she bore without complaint. As long as her son remained warm and safe in her arms, she did not mind the rain, for the cold, dull greyness of the day seemed only fitting, and she tilted her head back slightly to welcome the water upon her face. Unable to cry despite the desperate ache in her heart, she took some small comfort instead in the tears of the sky. Her boy had now become the entire purpose of her continued existence, her sole reason for enduring. He was not yet three years of age, and the whole world as he had known it had abruptly come to an end at the point of an orc's arrow. His father was dead. Arathorn's death had come as no shock to her, for she had long foreseen the day would come when the sons of Elrond would return bearing her husband's body. Though Arathorn had shared a bond of brotherly affection with Elladan and Elrohir since the days of his youth, she had always been wary of the two, and she had kept them at a distance. Each time the grandly noble and wondrously fair twin sons of the half-elven lord, dressed in their fine attire and speaking with courtly grace, had swept into her village to take her husband away on another of their campaigns against the shadow, she had known in her heart it could well be his last. Now, she was a widow at the age of twenty-six, and Aragorn, barely more than a babe, had a father no longer. Her people no longer had their chieftain, at least not one who was yet out of swaddling. When the party had returned from their ill-fated patrol, there was much heated debate between the sons of Elrond and the village elders concerning her son's future and her fate. Elladan and Elrohir had spoken in earnest of the dire situation of the Dunedain. Their father had foreseen that the Enemy was actively seeking to eliminate the descendants of Isildur and, they argued, now that Aragorn was all that remained of his line, it was imperative that the boy be immediately secluded in secrecy in Elrond's realm. The Dunedain, of course, had a long history of contact with Imladris. In times of dire need, Lord Elrond had been most generous in offering succour to her people, and many of their chieftains had spent some years of their youth in the haven, learning warcraft and lore from the elven masters there. However, no future chieftain had been taken at such an early age and had his contact with his own people so completely severed as Elrond's sons now proposed. Eventually, the village elders, included amongst them her own father, reluctantly agreed to allow the sons of Elrond to take her and her young boy away from their people to the protection of an elvish haven. She had acquiesced, for she would have agreed to sail to Valinor itself if it would assure the safety of her only child. She did not witness the burial of her husband. There was no time to mourn; little time, even, to prepare. She did not need to pack, the sons of Elrond had told her, for all she needed would be provided for her and her boy when they reached their destination. Time was of the essence they told her, and every delay could put their lives in jeopardy. Now, as they traveled the perilous trails between her home and theirs, she placed her son's very life, as well as her own, in the hands of the two who had failed to protect her husband. She cast a heated glare at the one who rode ahead of her. As if somehow sensing the angry look directed at his back, the son of Elrond seemed to grow even more rigid in the saddle as they continued their sombre journey in silence. Were she honest with herself, she would admit that her anger was misplaced. She was not the only young widow amongst her people, for the days were dark indeed, and the Dunedain had grown sadly accustomed to the reality of untimely death. She knew her husband well, and, under the influence of the sons of Elrond or not, nothing would have kept Arathorn from riding out against the Enemy with his men. He was their chieftain, and his sense of honour was far too strong for him to ask of others what he was unwilling to do himself. For now, however, her grief was still too close and, in her sorrow and her pain, she sought an easy target upon which to pin the blame. The pace of their flight to safety had been relentless and her entire body ached from the strain of the journey. Despite many offers from the twin who spoke in gentler tones to carry her precious burden, she had allowed neither to take her child. They rode in single file, with the twin who seemed inclined to take charge riding at the front of the solemn procession. The other followed closely behind her, as he had done since the beginning of their travels. Both remained ever vigilant, their swords at the ready. No words had passed between them for many hours. Even young Aragorn, sensing the gravity of the situation, had remained silent. Finally, now, he slept fitfully in her embrace, his head resting against her chest. He was frightened and confused; she could feel the tension in his small body and the unnaturally rapid pace of his heart. Eventually, they came upon a valley that had been hidden to her eyes until they were directly above it and they carefully made their way down the steep winding path which led them into a forest of pines. Only now did the sons of Elrond relax their guard, if but a little. The trail widened slightly and the twin in the lead allowed his pace to slow as the one who had long guarded her back brought himself to ride at her side. She kept her eyes fixed firmly on the trail as he turned his head to speak to her softly, relief evident in his voice: "Lady Gilraen, we now approach Imladris." She acknowledged him with a slight tip of her head, though his words were unnecessary. She could feel a change in the forest around her, for while the day remained grey and the rain continued, the air felt lighter somehow, less oppressive, and she took in a deep breath. A sense of peace pervaded these woods, and though it brought no peace to her heart, she was relieved to feel Aragorn relax slightly in her arms. After a time, they came to a clearing in the trees beside the bank of a river that was running rapidly and gurgling noisily under the heavy rains of late autumn. All around her, from the very trees it seemed, she could hear soft singing. The voices were glorious and sublime, the likes of which she had never before heard, and although the song was sung too softly for her to decipher the words, the tone was sombre and sorrowful. She imagined that this was some form of elven greeting and, perhaps, a lament for her dead husband. Her mind turned to thoughts of her village, her home. What were her friends and family doing now? While, no doubt, they were still deeply in mourning, they were not climbing trees and singing, of that she was quite certain. Autumn was waning and the days were growing colder. That meant increased labour, for winter brought even greater hardship. The crops had to be fully harvested and preserved if they were to survive the coldest months without hunger. She dearly wished she could be there to lend her hand, for every able body was needed at this time of year. She was drawn from her thoughts by the quiet voice of the twin who now stood beside her: "We must dismount and walk our horses over the bridge, my Lady. It is quite narrow, and the only crossing on the river. Please allow me to aid you with your son." After a moments hesitation, she carefully passed her waking child to the twin just long enough to allow herself to dismount, before she immediately took the boy in her arms again. "I will carry my son." He conceded with a bow of his head. "Permit me to lead your horse then." The stone bridge was indeed very narrow; so narrow, in fact, that they were required to cross slowly in single file. Quite an intelligent design from a defensive point of view, she took note, and wondered briefly if Imladris had ever in its long history had need to defend itself. They continued in silence on foot, and she was most glad for the opportunity to stretch her legs. Soon the buildings of Imladris came into view amongst the trees. Although Arathorn had spoken warmly of the elven refuge where he had spent a few years of his youth, no poetic descriptions that she had heard of its beauty could quite prepare her for what she saw now before her eyes. It was a city of air and water. Constructed of highly-polished and intricately carved thin beams of wood, the buildings were open and airy, almost ethereal, against the heavy mass of the tree-lined mountain that formed one side of the valley. They were not merely dwellings, for each one was a work of art to her: ornate and grand, yet simple and natural; solid and timeless, yet light and delicate. Several waterfalls of varying heights cascaded down the cliffs, and streams, making their way to the river in the middle of the valley, meandered between and even through the buildings. Everything was in balance and harmony, and the structures seemed to grow out of the very trees and the air and the water all around them. She felt movement in her arms and looked down to see Aragorn peering out from between the folds of her cloak. Though his mouth was hanging open, he made not a sound, and she nearly smiled at his awestruck expression of childish wonder until she realized that her face likely bore a very similar countenance. They soon arrived at what she thought to be the main house, and, despite the foul weather, its doors were flung open wide, as if in greeting. As they approached, a figure, seeming to her an apparition, emerged from the doorway and glided down the stairs to stand directly before her. Not for the first time this day, she found herself gaping in wonder. The being appeared to have physical form, for she could see that he was tall, lithe, and strong, and wondrously fair of face with long golden hair; and yet, to her it was as though the very sun had lowered itself from the heavens to greet her. This translucent corporeal shell seemed barely able to contain the pure white light within, and she had to restrain her ardent desire to touch the