Hi! Thanks for reading! This is my first fanfic so it probably stinks, and it's really short, so just read it and then check out my new story on my profile. Thanks! The Thirty Fourth Hunger Games Prologue: "Athena Margelli." That's the name Beth Conter, the District 7 escort, called out at the reaping; my name. I stood on the stage and stared at the crowd. My mom and dad held hands as they silently cried for me. My younger brother, Zack, standing over with the twelve-year old boys, stared at me with sad, wide eyes. When they called the male tribute's name, I wished with all my heart that it wouldn't be Zach. "Charlie Bentine," Beth called out. I was happy to see that I didn't recognize this scrawny twelve-year old. "No, Charlie," I heard Zack cry. Then I realized that I did know Charlie; he was Zack's best friend. I felt bad for Zach. He was losing two of the people he cared about in the Games this year. I felt scared and worried, because I knew I had no chance of winning the Hunger Games. Chapter 1: The Bloodbath "Ladies and Gentlemen, let the thirty-fourth annual Hunger Games begin!" All twenty-four of us sprinted off of our platforms. Some people dashed towards the cornucopia, while others dashed away from it. Me; I ran to the cornucopia. I need those supplies. I don't have any chance of winning anyways. It won't matter if I die right now. I noticed right away what I wanted; a gleaming ax lying on top of a big green bag. I am very familiar with using axes. I come from District 7, lumber. I have known how to throw axes since the age of ten. That bag also looks like it could hold lots of useful supplies. Right away, I noticed a girl from District 10 had the same idea as me. I dodged the spear she threw at me, and got there first. I grabbed the ax, and thrust it into her stomach. When I felt it reach its mark, I turned away, grabbed the bag, and sprinted away. It looked like I was in luck today. This year's arena was simply a forest, not unlike the ones at home. I ran into the forest, never turning back, and ran for at least another twenty minutes. "I should be deep enough," I told myself. I sat down on a rock, and opened the bag. Inside, I found a sleeping bag, a brown tarp, three bottles of water, a couple packages of dried food, some medicine for minor wounds, and a book with lists of edible and inedible plants and fungi. I was a nice bag of supplies. I could probably live for about three or four days with just this stuff. I decided to wait until tomorrow to eat some food, because I was stuffed from all the capitol food I got before the games started. Just then, a cannon blasted, signaling the end of the bloodbath at the cornucopia. Eight more cannon blasts sounded after that. I decided that this was a good place to stay for at least a day or two, so I cut down some braches with my ax, and made a small shelter for myself. I heard two more cannon blasts as I worked. By the time I had finished building and camouflaging my shelter, night had fallen. I lied down in my sleeping bag, and watched the stars come out. I must have dozed off, because I awoke to the sound of the Panem Anthem playing. I gazed up at the faces of the dead tributes; both from three, the girl from five, the girl from six, the boy from my district, both from eight, the boy from nine, the girl from ten (my kill), the boy from eleven, and the girl from twelve. As I had expected, none of the careers were dead, and Charlie, from my district, hadn't lasted long. He was only twelve, and not very smart or muscular. I thought I had a better chance than him, being three years older and stronger than him, but my strength will never match the careers'. Chapter 2: Allies The next day, I awoke to the sound of a cannon. It looked like it was already about noon. The lucent sun shone above my head, and brightened the forest. I hadn't eaten anything since I was put in the arena yesterday, so I ripped open a pack of dried fruit, and pulled out a banana. I was about to eat it, when I heard a voice. "I wouldn't eat that if I were you." I whipped around to see a boy, probably about twelve or thirteen years old staring at me from behind a tree. "All of the food supplied in the bags is poisonous. That's how the girl from my district died." I stared over at him. I didn't think he was lying. "You're District 6, aren't you," I said. I recognized him from the training room. He nodded and said, "Yes." "Have you been watching me?" I asked. "Yes," he said again, "and I was wondering if you'd like to make an alliance." I thought this over for a few seconds. He didn't look very strong, and he was a bit chubby. But, he had been watching me for a while and hadn't hurt me. He looked like a nice and honest boy. "Do you have any supplies?" I asked him. "Oh yes," he replied as he pulled some stuff out of his bag. "Let's see," he said, "I've got some fish from the stream about half a mile away from here. Don't worry. They're safe to eat. I've also got a pair of night vision goggles, some water from the stream, a sleeping bag, and two throwing knives." "Okay," I said. "We can be alliances. I'll pack up all my supplies, and we can move over to a spot near that stream." I took all of the inedible food and water out of the bag, and discarded it on the ground. I rolled up my sleeping bag and the tarp, and placed them in my bag. There was now some extra room in my bag, so I offered to carry the boy's bag. "Okay," he said. "Thanks." "By the way, what's your name?" I asked him. "Robbie," he said. "Yours?" "Athena." Chapter 3: New Camp We found a nicely camouflaged spot near the river, hearing another cannon blast as we worked. We set up the sleeping bags under the tarp, and camouflaged the tarp with mud and leaves. I decided we should probably get some more food. "How did you catch those fish?" I asked him. "Oh it's pretty easy," he replied. "I was just a simple rod made out of sticks and stuff." He showed me how to make it, and we had caught five more fish before night fell. We had to eat these fish raw, because we didn't want to risk starting a fire and attracting attention. Once the stars had all come out, the Panem Anthem played again. Only three tributes had died today; I must have missed one while I was sleeping. Tonight, the faces of the boy from five, the boy from ten, and the girl from eleven shone in the sky. Once the anthem stopped playing, we lied down in our sleeping bags, placed the tarp over us, and fell asleep. Early the next morning, I was awakened by Robbie. "Athena," he said. "Athena." "What?" I muttered groggily. "Well, I just wanted to let you know that I heard footsteps a few minutes ago. It sounded like about two or three people." "Okay," I said. "Well it seems like our camouflage worked." "Yeah," he said. "Well, let's get up and start the day." He pulled the tarp off of us, and we then saw the owners of the footsteps; a boy and a girl stood a few feet away from us, spears in hand and ready to fire. Chapter 4: More Allies "We want to be allies! We want to be allies!" I shouted anxiously. "I don't want anyone to get hurt! Could you please lower your weapons?" Their weapons didn't move, but the girl's mouth did. "Who are you?" she asked. "We want to know if it's worth making an alliance with you guys. If not, then you die." "Oh we'd love to make an alliance," I replied. "I'm Athena, District 7, and this is Robbie, District 6. What about you guys?" "Carlotta, District 9," the girl answered. "Howie, District 12," the boy answered. "What supplies do you guys have?" We told him of our supplies. "Good, good," he said. He turned to Carlotta. "I think we should make an alliance with these guys," he said. "They seem worthy enough." "I guess so," Carlotta replied. With us teamed up, we only have to worry about the careers. All six of them are teamed up. They're probably searching for us as we speak." "Well, do you guys want to camp here tonight?" Robbie asked. "I guess so," said Carlotta. "There isn't a much better place." They pulled two sleeping bags out of their bag. "We don't have a tarp, though," she said. "Could we share yours?" "Certainly," I replied. "There's enough room." We spent the next few hours setting up camp and catching fish. Then, we heard the blast of a cannon, shortly followed by two more. "They must be killing themselves off, now," said Howie. "Usually they get into fights near the end of the Games, when there are only a few tributes left. It's kind of weird though," he said, "because this is only the third day." When the anthem played that night, the girl from two and both tributes from four shone in the sky. We all went to bed, leaving us thinking about what we would do next. It was four against three now. Chapter 5: Sinkhole I woke up the next morning to see the other three still asleep. I wondered whether I should wake them up, but I decided against it. This might be the last sleep they ever get alive. Our food supply was low, so I decided to catch some fish. I had caught about five or six nicely sized ones, when I heard a loud cracking sound, followed by a low, continuous rumbling wound. The noise woke up Robbie, Carlotta, and Howie. "What the heck was that?" Howie asked groggily. "I don't know," I replied. All of a sudden, the ground around us started to sink. "Run!" I screamed. I grabbed my bag and started running towards the other side of the stream. The others stood up, grabbed their bags, and ran after me. I reached the other side with Howie at my heels, when the ground collapsed, and left a big, bottomless pit. Robbie managed to grab the edge of the pit, so Howie and I pulled him up by the armpits. Carlotta, however, missed the side and plunged into the darkness. "Carlotta!" Howie shouted, but it was too late to save her. The ground and stream reformed as a cannon fired. We all stood in silence, staring at the place Carlotta disappeared, but we knew we had to move on. None of us were seriously hurt, but Robbie had a large scratch on his cheek from a fallen rock. We moved downstream without speaking. None of us seemed to know what to say. I had no idea where we were going, but I think we were nearing the corner of the arena where the cornucopia stood, and where the tree remaining careers probably were camping. We continued walking for another hour or so, and I believed we had gotten far enough. "Do you think we should stop?" I asked. "I guess so," said Robbie, while Howie just nodded. He seemed more affected by Carlotta's death. They had been allies even in the training center.