Disclaimer: All characters and copyright belong to Stephanie Meyer but the plot is all mine! The Curse… Summary : What if the imprint was wrong, that by its very existence it placed both the wolf and the tribe in immense danger? Would the man be strong enough to deny his imprint if he knew in his heart it was not right? What if his heart already belonged to another? Maybe the imprint was not the end game after all. Set in AU New Moon. Suggested listening:- Agnes Obel The Curse...it sort of fits where this story is heading… A/N: If I'm honest I not sure about the whole SM idea of imprinting. At first like many others I'm sure, I thought it sounded wonderful I mean who wouldn't want a gorgeous wolf man devoted to her for the rest of her days but once I got to thinking about it well was it really like that or could the gift from the Great Spirits in reality be nothing but a curse? It got me thinking and the more I thought about it the more I began to dislike the whole process after all the imprint takes away the freedom of choice…But the imprint guides them to their ideal mate I hear you say… but then what's life without the freedom to take chances and make your own choices, even if they are not always the right ones? Is imprinting nothing but a heaven endorsed breeding program for stronger wolves? So I began to wonder…could the magic of imprinting be broken by something stronger? The oldest and most powerful magic in the world is simply love. It comes in many forms, the love of good friends, the love of a parent, or just the love between two people. It's a magic that can conquer all or so we are led to believe… In a world of imprinting, duty and sacrifice can the oldest magic truly triumph…? So here we are and you can thank 12Rayne for throwing down the challenge that set my muse in motion to make me write this tale. It was an itch and I scratched it … So enough chat from me (steps off soap box lol)… Let the story begin… Chapter 1 - Falling... Bella Swan was hurting; the hole in her chest which Jacob had healed had been ripped open by the events that had unfolded that afternoon. Despite the howling wind and the rain that was now lashing against her little body, stinging her face like a thousand ice cold needles she continued to climb the steep rocky path to the top of the cliff. The same cliff Jacob had promised to take her cliff top diving…yet another broken promise…in her short sad life… Her heart missed a beat… Jacob … He had promised her the world and she had trusted him...she heard his voice in her crazed mind... " It will be as easy as breathing …"he'd promised her "You and I Bella we were meant to be…the natural path our lives should have taken" " But what about imprinting …?" She had asked biting her poor lower lip as Jacob's hot lips ghosted above hers " Never…" He replied. "I will never let it happen …I love you too much…" And just like that she had allowed Jacob to claim her heart…He was her sunshine…herbest friend… The sound of howling in the distance brought her back to her senses as she teetered on the edge of the cliff looking down at the great steel coloured waves crashing against the rocks below. She hadn't felt like this in a while …not since Edward left her and the same old doubts invaded her mind… Why did they always leave her…? Why was she never good enough…? The wind whipped her long chestnut brown hair up into the air, clasping her little arms around her small body she felt herself slipping as the cliff top crumbled beneath her feet and with one last push she sailed out into the sky. It felt like she was flying free …she wasn't scared not of dying it's what she wanted…wasn't it? Bella hit the surface of the water which a crash and immediately felt the chill of the icy water. It completely knocked the air from out of her lungs, instinctively she struggled but the weight of her clothing dragged her down and before she could take a gasp of air a wave came crashing down from above. Round and round like clothes in a washer Bella spun out of control her lungs burning for air. For the second time she popped up to the surface this time closer to the jagged rocks…but that didn't matter, cold and tired she just wasn't strong enough to swim against the force of the tide and once again sank below the water. As if in a dream Bella floated amongst the sea weed her very life flashing before her eyes as the water above continued to roll... The burning in her throat and lungs as she swallowed salty water pulled her back to the reality of drowning… she was drowning… and it wasn't the peaceful death she had been led to believe…the sheer panic as life slipped away...she scrambled, twisting and turning in the near darkness but it only used up what little oxygen she had left. Her body went limp as the faces of those she loved seemed to flash across her eyes…Charlie, Renee…Jacob then … nothing…oblivion… Paul Lahote arrived at the scene first. He had seen the small figure of Bella fall from the highest point on the cliff. He had raced in wolf form to the same spot and without any hesitation dived in after her, he hit the water smoothly and, even with his supernatural heat he could feel the intense cold of the steel grey water Stupid fucking leech lover he thought Should have fucked off back to Arizona when she had the chance. He looked around as best he could as waves hit him from all directions. He could faintly hear Sam calling from the beach but the waves crashing and the wind howling made it almost impossible even for wolf hearing. There was no sign of Bella Swan… Paul dived and surfaced then dived again. He was about to give up when on the third attempt he saw that long red scarf she so liked to wear to keep warm. She was always cold … The pack had thought it an after effect of too much time spent in the company of leeches, after all time spent amongst the dead would surely leave its mark in one way or another. He grabbed hold of the scarf and pulled. Somehow god only knows how he managed to get a grip on her and towed her to the surface. She didn't look good so pale surrounded by the darkness of the deep water and in his heart Paul felt he was too late… she had gone. "This is all the baby Alphas fault" he snarled to himself as he swum towards the shore towing a motionless Bella..."Fucking Jacob Black…" Sam and the pack had warned Jake not to start anything with Bella not whilst he had yet to imprint…it would only go bad…and the girl had suffered enough. He dragged Bella up onto the beach and sighed deeply to himself…" Go bad" That's what every fucking imprint did as far as he was concerned. Bella lay on her back motionless on the sand her dark hair clung to her small pale face. Paul gently pushed the wet hair away as he looked at her blue tinted lips and sighed. He never understood her love for the leeches and a part of him didn't like her at all but… she was someone's baby and now she was gone. He sighed again as he felt a tinge of remorse about the names he had called her in front of the pack as he looked at those lips, the same lips that were usually so pink and plump … kissable lips he'd always thought…and then he found himself kissing those lips but with the kiss of life. Sam rushed up to join him and together they started CPR "Too late she's gone…" Jared growled as his pack mates desperately tried to revive Bella. " What made the stupid girl go up there and do that…?" Paul and Sam both looked down the beach…The " what" was heading towards them a huge russet wolf that immediately phased back when it reached the small gathering around the still pale girl. Jacob Black sunk down onto his knees beside the unmoving form that was Bella his hands pulling at his hair as he began to howl a long no… "I warned you…" growled Sam his normally stoic face full of fury. "I fucking told you not to start anything with Bella Swan. You of all people know how she reacted when the leech left town yet you willingly led her down a path you knew she may not survive if you imprinted." He was no fan of Bella's either but after the hassle between Leah, Emily and himself he knew only too well the negative side of imprinting. It wasn't the gift that the Elders had promised… no not at all… Sam shook his head and the calm mask he always wore these days fell back into place. He cricked his neck as his dark eyes swept over Jacob. He was furious but now was not the time to deal with the young pup, they had a death to deal with, a non-native on the Rez and it would bring the type of attention to La Push that they could well do without. "I…I couldn't help it Sam!" Jacob wailed "I thought I was immune… that my love for Bella would be enough…prevent the imprint from happening." He hung his head in shame "But I was wrong and when she brought Jessica to the garage this afternoon ...well…" "Yeah the rest is fucking history Jacob" Sam hissed "And now we have to tell Chief Swan his baby girl is dead." "Not quite!" Jared yelled excitedly. Paul had turned Bella over onto her side and as sea water gushed up, she choked as she tried to take a breath. "Bella ..!"Jacob cried as he moved to grab her but Paul pushed him back snarling loudly as he bared his teeth, then picking up the white limp form of Bella he turned to make his way along the beach towards Embry who was heading their way holding a blanket. Jacob watched Paul with Bella and anger flickered in his dark brown eyes, he may have just imprinted but he still loved Bella Swan, had done all his life. It didn't sit well seeing her in the arms of a young man who had made no secret that he loathed her and his arm raised as if to stop his pack brother. Sam took a step forward to stop Jake, Lahote was unpredictable, always ready for a fight and he was a skilled fighter too, a sneaky fucker the best the pack had. He was still trying to make sense of the unfolding scene before him and the last thing he needed was two of his wolves fighting yet again over the stupid girl. Jacob let his hand drop and wisely decided to bite his tongue, he would wait his opportunity. Typically Paul didn't miss a trick and feeling the animosity roll off Jacob, he stopped in his tracks and turned to face him. Jake swallowed hard Paul looked lethal… "Why don't you just fuck off back to your little imprint Black?" Paul snarled as a low warning growl rolled through his chest. "I'd say you've done enough damage to this little girl for one day." His dark eyes bored into Jacob but he said nothing more as pressing Bella closer to his broad chest