Disclaimer: All characters and copyright belong to Stephanie Meyer A/N: This story has been bugging me for some time so I just had to get it down and publish. Please remember that this story is set in an alternative universe and as such it is based very loosely on the original stories and some things are out of sync but I'm just having fun! Prompt: A highly poisonous plant Wolfsbane is the common name for Aconitum lycoctonum from the Greek 'lykos' meaning 'wolf' and 'kteinein' meaning kill' Long ago it was the only poison known to kill a wolf and often used to poison arrowheads. Like a vampire its flowers appear attractive but are deadly to those who only wish to smell its sweet perfume….. Chapter 1: Me fussy?...They just have to pass my test! Bella lifted the blind and looked out of the window of the jet and then glanced at her watch. Another 20 minutes and she would land at McCarran International. She settled back into her seat and her mind began to wander. Bella was really looking forward to Vegas, she had never been and her old University friend Janine's bachelorette weekend was a great excuse to go. She sighed to herself as she remembered how she had dithered about going or not until her best friend and flat mate Lorna insisted it was just what Bella needed. "Your frazzled Bella!" she said "When do you ever just go out and enjoy yourself?" Of course Lorna was right Bella conceded. She worked too many long hours and too hard in a job she did not particularly enjoy, for a boss she really did not like. The job was highly paid and she shared a luxury apartment with Lorna, but life had become all work and no play for Bella Swan even though on paper her life seemed perfect. Bella had graduated with honours and landed a coveted job working for a huge publishing house in New York. New York …it had been her dream to live and work there since she was a teenager. In fact it was one of the few places that her nomadic mother had not lived with her in tow since she breezed out of Bella's father's life when she was 6 months old. Bella shifted in her seat, trying not to wake the guy in the seat next to her who had spent the first half of the journey trying to persuade her to join him for dinner later that evening. She stared out at the cotton candy clouds that were gradually dispersing as they flew further south. Her thoughts returned once again to her career. I'm well qualified and liked amongst my peers she thought so I could easily get another job surely. Lorna was right why was she making do? Then there was her private life. What private life! she sighed to herself. She hardly ever went out unless Lorna dragged her and every weekend she took mountains of paperwork home. No wonder she didn't have a boyfriend Bella mused with a social life like hers that was practically non-existent how was she ever gonna meet Mr Right? After all like all young woman Bella had wondered if she would eventually find her true love and settle down. In University she had been encouraged to set her sights on getting it all. High flying career, successful man and 2.5 kids and why not that's what we had been promised, that's what equality of the sexes had been all about right? Wrong! Bella thought to herself shaking her head a little. The truth was the reality of having it all, was nowhere near what was promised. She had seen for herself since starting work, colleagues who thought they had achieved it, broken through the glass ceiling only to find that most of the time they were too stressed and too tired to enjoy their man or their kids. Yes she sighed to herself and closing her eyes, since leaving uni and starting work she was slowly becoming disillusioned before she had even ventured onto the path to finding the right man. Then there was her Mother. According to Renee life was not about getting married or having kids. Although she swore she never regretted having Bella. Life for Renee was about adventures and experiences. They had moved from State to State, town to town as Renee quickly bored of a job, the people or just the town. The result had been a life on the move, no real friends and no roots. Bella grew up without knowing where to really call home . Bella's thoughts drifted to her father who was the Chief of Police in the small town of Forks in Washington State. Compared to Renee Charlie was dull, dull, dull, mom's words not mine! Bella smiled to herself. Truth was she really didn't know Charlie, as she called him behind his back. Except… well they looked alike. Same dark hair and eyes. Whereas Renee was all bubbly and blond. Bella felt a little sad as she remembered the few happy summers spent in Forks as a child, especially the beach in La Push. Then, after Renee had thrown yet another strop about how boring this was for Bella, Charlie would fly to where ever they were living and spend his holiday with his daughter there. Eventually even that sort of faded away when she was about fourteen. Bella deeply sighed again the last time she had seen Charlie was at her University graduation ceremony, maybe she could find the time to pay him a visit and soon. Bella's mind came back to the present with a jolt as the plane started to drop height in preparation to land. Not long after the plane had rolled to a halt outside the airport building and, all around her passengers were grabbing their things in readiness to disembark. The annoying guy next to her tried to persuade her to share a cab but, Bella politely declined. She watched as he headed up the aisle in hot pursuit of a small blond he had just seen pass by. Men she quietly laughed to herself. 000 An hour or so later and Bella had checked into the large hotel that Janine had booked for the bachelorette weekend….a long weekend of pampering and dancing and fun…she couldn't wait. Opening up the door Bella excitedly rushed into her room throwing her luggage down and headed straight out onto the balcony. What a view…she could see for miles and down below there were plenty of pools to choose from. Turning back into the room she quickly unpacked and sent a text to Janine to say she'd arrived. We are down at the pool came the reply. Hurry up and join us, grab some rays your pale skin needs it xxx Bella smiled to herself. Everyone noticed how pale she was and that was something else she could thank Charlie's genes for. Her skin was creamy white which only enhanced her big chocolate brown doe eyes set in a heart shaped face. The fact was Bella was beautiful, everyone noticed her, only Bella couldn't see it. Years of listening to Renee telling her to lose weight, get a tan and pile on the makeup had only added to her insecurities about her body. Changing quickly into her swim suit and robe Bella grabbed her bag and headed towards the elevator. The girls were gathered on the sunbeds and after the usual round of air kisses and cuddles Bella settled down. Sheer bliss she thought to herself as the sun warmed her skin and she got out her dog eared copy of Wuthering Heights, and then lay back on the sun bed. Bella took the opportunity to look around the pool and her eyes almost immediately fell upon a group of young men heading in her direction. Suzette spotted them too. "Hey girls" she purred "Incoming at 11 o'clock". All the girls looked including Bella, well stared would be more appropriate. "Shut your mouth Bella!" the other girl's giggled at her "You're dribbling." How could I not? Bella thought in reply There were eight young guys and they were all unbelievably handsome and some. They were also built like body builders and tall, I mean really tall. Not one of them was less than 6 foot! The tallest one at the back looked over and smiled at Bella. She felt her heart picking up the beat in response. Calm down girl Bella said to herself he's not looking at you. She adjusted her sunglasses so she could enjoy the view without being seen, running her small tongue over her pink bottom lip as she continued to enjoy the sight before her. "Maybe you will finally get lucky this weekend Bella!" called Louise nodding towards the guys. Bella felt a flush creeping onto her cheeks in response "Ummm" Bella replied "Depends if they pass my test" "Oh come on, no one ever passes your test Bella, that's why you're still a virgin". The others giggled in response. "Just haven't found the right man!" Bella snapped back "And don't keep shouting that out in public!" But it was true she thought. Isabella Marie Swan aged 24 known as Bella (which she preferred by the way), still a virgin she sighed loudly. Yet to meet a man she really wanted to go to bed with and…well…she just knew she wasn't a one night stand kind of girl. Bella laughed softly to herself Well at least I don't think I am but then again I haven't really had the chance to put that theory to the test, no one had ever asked so who knows?. The bachelorette party consisted of eight girls including Bella. They had been friends and room-mates at University and Janine was the first to be saying I do . Personally, Bella thought it was a little early in life but hey what I know she huffed putting her book down I hadn't even had a steady boyfriend. Bella got up off the sun lounger "Anyone else want a drink?" she called. "No thanks" the girls chorused. Bella walked carefully towards the bar area, knowing how accident prone she was, the last thing she wanted to do was to give everyone by the pool a show. Nearing the bar, at the last moment she slipped in a puddle left by wet swimwear. Bella let out a small squeak just as a strong arm shot out and caught her preventing her from tumbling to the ground. She sucked in a breath in relief and surprise as her skin prickled from what felt like a static electric shock received from the strangers touch. Bella frowned as she turned to face her rescuer who wasted no time introducing him -self. "Hi I'm Jacob but my friends call me Jake" his dark eyes lit up with amusement as he looked at Bella. He was really good looking and, on an impulse she decided he knew it. Probably used to girls falling at his feet but maybe not literally like I had just attempted she mused to herself. "Hi" Bella replied "My name is Isabella but only my close friends call me Bella" she said rather loftily pulling her arm out of his grasp as he seemed like he wasn't in any hurry to let go. Quick as a flash Jake replied "Well in that case I shall call you Bells". Bella just stared at him. No one she thought call's me Bells except Charlie. She moved a little up the bar to attract the bar man. "Maybe see you later?" Said Jacob his face more serious "Umm" Bella stuttered for a moment biting her bottom lip. Jacob followed the movement and licked his own plump bottom lip in response. Bella almost stopped breathing as she watched him their eyes seeming to lock together for a few seconds before she felt a traitorous blush creeping