Chapter one: Rumored Changes It was happening today. I knew it as soon as I woke up from the same dream I'd had for the last month. Every night, like clockwork. It always started with a surge of ice, then a door. I always knew instantly that the door was the Department of Mysteries, yet each night I was still struck with an enormous surprise at this development. Death followed this door. I could smell the stink of it, like dead flowers with a pale shimmer of the other side. I always woke up in a cold sweat, knowing with every fiber of my being that change was coming. Danger and change, which to some degree, went hand in hand. So I lay there, under the old poster tacked to my ceiling of an old band I didn't listen to anymore- knowing that today was the day my life was to change. I was hesitant to get out of bed. The feeling gripped me tight, making it impossible for my chest to expand with breath and choking me, but I rose from my burrowed covers and stumbled to my bathroom. I needed to clean my room, stepping artfully over the carelessly tossed items of clothes on my floor. Textbooks were stacked beside my bed where I would place them once I reached the point in time I could no longer keep my eyes open past. There was a spot of red nail polish on the ceiling above my bed, beside the poster, but I didn't take responsibility for that. I avoided the newspaper on my desk, the moving pictures holding no allure for me when the headlines were so incriminating. Slander. Cowardice. As opposed to the wonder I felt when I first held such a paper, now the Daily Prophet symbolized nothing more than horribly disguised propaganda. But I knew they would take it in stride. Or at least, Albus would. He had more important things to worry about than whatever lies the unoriginal 'journalists' could come up with. It was still dark outside when I came out of my room and into the small living area. My own window had been covered by a heavy blanket since I often kept odd hours, so I hadn't realized. It was no later than 3:14 in the morning. My roommate and long time friend, Sarah, always made a point of calling it this the witching hour. But she was home for the summer. I had decided to stay, not really wanting to go home to people that were little more than strangers to me and to whom I was less than. I should tell Albus about my dreams, I thought to myself. I knew it meant more for him than it would me. Especially with the most recent turn of events and the return of the Dark Lord, the denial of the Ministry, and the persecution Albus was now facing because of it. I twisted the ring on my forefinger in thought- a gift from him. Yes, when I saw him that summer, I would tell him about the door. And I would be seeing him sooner than expected. There was a firm, foreboding knock at the door at that moment and, for a short, sweet moment, I thought that perhaps that would be him. It wouldn't be the first time he knew to come when I had seen something disturbing. It wouldn't be the first time he came a month early. But then I knew it wasn't him. The taste that came with the knock was paralyzing, like oil that made you salivate and go slack jawed at the disgusting sensation. It was from his world, I knew this, and what could I do against that? I had no wand to defend myself. "Calm down, Rue," I whispered to myself, staring at the door in heavy anticipation that only grew with each step I took towards it. I paused before opening it, scuttling back to the kitchenette and grabbing the largest knife in the block with a soft metallic sound. Then I walked calmer to the door. The knock came again, no different in pacing or tone than the first. It was a Slytherin. I could tell from the knocking pattern. A Gryffindor would have knocked louder and they would have been closer together. A Hufflepuff would be knocking with a more urgent sound, not the leisurely way this person was. A Ravenclaw would have added extra knocks the second time thinking I hadn't heard the first set. It was a Slytherin. I carefully looked through the peephole to find Raymond, the guard from the gated entrance. They knew I was friends with Albus, not showing their face. This also meant they had to be someone I would know upon first sight. Malfoy, perhaps. I sighed and pressed my forehead against the cool metal of the door. Then I opened it. Raymond's face was blank, the Imperious, and as soon as I opened the door I knew I had been right. Malfoy. He showed himself, having been hidden beside the door, and gave me a sick grin. "Miss Blackstone," he said silkily. "I've been most anxious to meet you." He was staring me down, trying to intimidate me into not matching his gaze. It was working, but I met his silver eyes with my own anyway. "I do so wish I could say the same, Mr. Malfoy. However, under the circumstances, I think you'll understand my reasons." His eyes narrowed. "Quite. You've given us quite a little hunt to find you. Though really, I had expected better of Dumbledore. His efforts are rather pathetic for someone who holds such importance." "Pathetic?" I asked casually, as though mildly surprised at his wording. "Are we to pretend that you haven't been looking for me for the past four years and have only found me now because of a Seer you managed to kill in the process of torturing? Very well then." "Enough," he snarled at I. I knew I had struck the nerve I aimed for. He jerked his hand to Raymond and the poor man's neck jerked as well, sufficiently breaking it and leaving him on the floor. Eyes open. Malfoy shoved me into the dorm, making me collide with the wall. I held firm to the textured grip of my knife, swiping it at him when he came near me. He yelled out in anger and sting, making his head snap to the left. When he looked back to me, there was a line of blood blossoming from a thin, deep cut on his jaw. His silver eyes flashed dangerously and at that moment I had never been more afraid. I tried to cut him again, but he grabbed my arm when it reached towards him and twisted it hard, making the knife fall from my fingers and clatter on the tiles. I hissed in pain and involuntarily stepped closer in a vain effort to release the pressure on my arm. Torture, he had been ordered. Tortured beyond anything else, using any means necessary, and then make me beg for death. I would be obliged. I flinched away from his eyes upon seeing that, tears welling up in mine. He yanked me around and shoved me hard. I fell back, catching my head on the bottom edge of the counter and gasping at it. When I looked up, his wand was pointed at me and the supercilious curling of his lip was the only warning I had before he said, "Crucio!" I curled into myself with a loud, shrill scream- clawing at myself in some instinct that I didn't understand, but couldn't deny. It felt like both, thousands of ice cold daggers stabbing into her, and hot iron pokers with fiery red tips. Over my screams I could hear his laugh. It wasn't a guffaw, but a mere chuckle as though a dear old friend had told an amusing joke. It was more offensive than a full out roar of laughter would have been, as though torturing me wasn't worth enough to laugh at, and I know he knew that. What could only have lasted a few minutes, felt like a short lifetime. Though, not as short as I would have liked in those moments. When the spell stopped, the pain didn't- seizing me as I took gasping breaths. I'm not proud to say I was crying, hot tears streaming down my face and making my vision blurry. But I could still see him. He crouched in front of me, looking down his nose at me with a pursed look. "Remember," he said softly, "you have your friend to thank for this." Then it began again, this time worse than the last and I couldn't recognize the sounds coming from my throat as my own. They sounding like the sounds one might expect from a wounded beast, guttural and desperate. After a few minutes they died down, my mouth still open in silent screams. I could taste blood on the back of my tongue, my throat raw. But, I knew he hadn't started. "Please," I whispered the second time he cut the spell off. The hoarse sound didn't sound right and if I hadn't myself known what I said, I wouldn't have been able to discern it as a word. But his cruel smile told me he knew anyway. "We haven't even started," he taunted maliciously. He reached down, grabbing me by the neck and picking up by it. My feet left the ground and I tried to grab at his hands, scratching them to let go as my vision tunneled, but I was too weak that my arms kept falling limply to my sides. When I thought I might pass out, he slammed me against the wall and held me in place with his forearm at my chest. His breath smelled like mint, like saliva and mint as though he had eaten a handful before coming to my door. I gagged on it, especially when his face came closer and he bit my cheek hard. I tried again to push him away. And then he was gone, ripped away from me with a stream of glowing red. I fell back to the floor, sobbing. Albus was here. I felt hands on me, on my arms and my face, and I tried to slap them away. I screamed, trying to push them away until the hands grabbed my wrists and stilled me. I was able to blink through the tears to see him. He looked worried, and angry. I know that were I not there and hurt, he might have killed Malfoy. But that wasn't who he was anymore. I threw myself at him, hugging him tightly as though he might break away into smoke if I didn't. He rubbed the back of my head soothingly, making shushing sounds one might use to calm a small child. "I'm sorry," he said. "I'm so sorry." I wanted to tell him it was okay, but I was shaking too much, and it wasn't. I just cried into his shoulder and tried to stop myself from hyperventilating. After a moment he adjusted me so that he could look at me. "We have to go," he told me. "We must leave. Now. Can you-" "Walk?" I finished from habit. "I don't think I can. I'm not sure I can stand." I felt weak for admitting it, but Albus just looked behind him and I realized he wasn't alone. I had never met this person, but I knew who he was. The same way I knew anything. I just did. "Remus," Albus called, confirming what I knew, "I don't suppose you could carry her." The werewolf didn't answer, walking over to us and putting his arms out to help me. Upon touching him, I saw the scene of Albus feeling the wards around me shiver and his panic as he brought Remus with him to get