Chapter one: Rose Cold was the morning Rose woke up on her only cousin's eleventh birthday, a chilly Saturday morning in March. She groaned and rolled over, blinking a few times and scratching lightly at the scar on her wrist before sitting up. Tossing her duvet aside, she swung her legs around to get out of bed. She regretted the decision almost immediately, but resisted the urge to crawl back in her warm bed. She hummed to herself as she dressed, wearing a dress she hadn't worn yet from an old box her aunt had given her- hand-me-downs from her aunt's childhood, with a peter pan collar and little sunflowers scattered. Harry was up before her, obviously not having slept well the night before, and trying desperately not to burn the eggs. A feat, that she could tell by the smell, was not accomplished. She sighed and took the pan from him to start a new batch. "Harry, why didn't you sneak up to my room? You look terrible." "And risk getting you into trouble?" He asked incredulously. "Smart, Rosie, real smart." Rose knew it bothered him, the difference in how they were treated, but he would never say so. She hated it too. It made her feel guilty to see him blamed for everything that went wrong and punished in ridiculous ways, though, whenever she did something to get in trouble, Aunt Petunia was there to her rescue. Rose stayed in the spare room upstairs, Harry was cramped in the cupboard under the stairs. "I could have handled it," she insisted quietly, moving the finished eggs to a plate. "You mean Aunt Petunia would have handled it." She flinched and looked away, not understanding what had gotten into him today, as she moved out of the kitchen to put food on the breakfast table where Uncle Vernon was already sitting- glaring at her over the top of his newspaper. "Rose," he greeted stiffly. She carefully stayed away from him. "Good morning, Uncle Vernon." He grunted out an acknowledgment. "Get me my coffee, girl." "Yes, Uncle Vernon." Aunt Petunia did always get Rose out of trouble, but that only made Dudley and Uncle Vernon hate her more- if that was possible- and therefore did the best they could to punish her without Petunia finding out. It was always in Rose's best interest to stay out of their way, so she quickly went to get the coffee pot and make his coffee perfectly. And then, she just had to trip and spill half of it, dripping over her fingers and scalding Uncle Vernon's lap. She could have screamed. What did she trip on? There was nothing there! Uncle Vernon jumped out of his chair with a holler and moved like he was going to back hand her until Aunt Petunia's voice was heard. "Vernon!" She exclaimed desperately. "I'm sure it was just an accident, right, Rose?" Rose nodded enthusiastically. "I'm sorry." He grumbled, looking back to his wife and cutting Rose a glare as he went back upstairs to change. "Vernon," Aunt Petunia said nearly an hour later, in an entirely different tone of voice. "Mrs. Figg's gone and broke her leg, said something about rocks in her driveway, she can't watch them." She glanced worriedly to Rose as Rose glared at Dudley, knowing exactly who was responsible for the rocks in Mrs. Figg's drive. Uncle Vernon pinched his face up in silent rage, his face getting a dark red that was still better than the purple it could have been. "We could phone Marge," he suggested. "Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates them." "What about your friend- Yvonne?" But everyone they could think of was busy or not an option. Vernon refused to leave them home or in the new car at the zoo. It looked as though Rose and Harry were going to the zoo, despite Dudley's crying. His friend Piers arrived and they all headed out to the car. Rose saw Uncle Vernon glance to Petunia to be sure she was preoccupied before pulling her and Harry aside. "I'm warning you now. Any funny business, anything at all, and you'll be in that cupboard from now to Christmas." He'd been addressing Harry, but the look he gave Rose was enough to tell her to use her imagination. It never got much warmer and despite knowing Aunt Petunia would have been appalled and made her change, Rose wished she had tried to sneak out in trousers. The cold didn't stop Dudley from wanting ice cream though, and he and Piers each received a chocolate cone. The woman looked over and asked she and Harry what they would like, but Aunt Petunia interrupted. "Strawberry," she said quietly. "Strawberry is her favorite." Rose didn't know what her aunt was talking about. She had never had ice cream, much less, strawberry. How would it be her favorite? But Aunt Petunia was very pointedly not looking at her. So, Rose and Harry got strawberry ice cream, finishing them as the Dursleys lead the way to the Reptile Room. There was still and tension between her and her brother that she didn't understand, but she tried to respect it. "Make it move," Dudley whined near a large tank where there lay a large snake napping happily on a sunbathed rock. Or, it was meant to look like a sunbathed rock, but Rose knew it was just special lighting and synthetic warmth. Uncle Vernon knocked against the glass with his knuckles, but there was no movement she could see. Dudley banged his fist against the glass, but still, nothing. He groaned and moved on to the next encasement where a medium sized lizard awaited to be terrorized. Rose followed behind Harry as he moved to talk to the snake, but enough away that he wouldn't notice. It was funny, he was so off today. First, he got upset with her that morning, hadn't talked to her since, and now he was making strange hissing noises. Then, as she walked over to see what was different today, Dudley and Piers ran over to knock Harry away from the glass where the snake had actually been responding. Then it happened. The glass vanished and if Rose hadn't been watching it herself, she wouldn't have believed it. Harry was doing it again. They had agreed between them not to lose their tempers anymore. Bad things happened when they lost their tempers. "Harry, are you okay?" She asked him as she tried to help him up and away from the snake that had just slithered past. The tension that had been between them dissipated and he nodded, still staring after the loose reptile. He grabbed her hand where she would swear her scar warmed and they watched as Dudley became stuck in the tank that had been previously occupied. "HOW DARE YOU!" Uncle Vernon shouted as soon as Piers left, shoving Harry into the wall hard. "After all that we have done for you, this is how you repay us?!" Rose tried to run over to them, but Petunia kept a strong grip on her shoulders. She seemed to be shaking. Dudley was deathly silent. Rose jerked out of her aunt's reach and stood in front of her brother as Vernon moved to back hand Harry. He instead got her, making her fall and Aunt Petunia to shriek. "Stop, Vernon! Please." Uncle Vernon glared at Rose, his face purple, until he grabbed Harry to push him into his cupboard. Rose was pulled up the stairs to her room where Aunt Petunia fussed over her with tears in her eyes. She left her on the bed as her aunt went to get a cold and wet rag for Rose's busted lip. When she returned, Rose was looking out of her window that faced Mrs. Figg's house. She could see one of the strange woman's many cats in the living room window, rubbing against the glass. Petunia pulled Rose back over to the bed and made her sit down. Rose hissed the first time the rag touched her lip, still tender. "You can't keep provoking him like that," Aunt Petunia scolded. "I can't keep protecting you like this." "What about my brother?" Rose asked, her voice a little higher. Aunt Petunia frowned, refolding the rag to brush against her swollen lip again. "Don't raise your voice to me." Rose slapped her hand away lightly. "You do all you can to keep me out of trouble, but you let your son and husband do whatever they want to my brother? What kind of a person is that?" "He's a bad influence! You never understood that, Lily!" "I'm not Lily!" Rose shouted. Aunt Petunia looked stricken by these words, recoiling away from her. She stood abruptly, one hand over her heart and the other holding the rag that she was squeezing so hard water was dripping over her fingers. "You're right," she whispered. Then she hastily left the room to her own where Rose heard the door slam. Later that night, Rose snuck downstairs, carefully stepping over the creaky bottom stair, and unlocked Harry's cupboard. He was on his cot and nursing a similar lip to hers and a bruise on his cheek. He looked up when she opened the door, but said nothing as she pulled him by the hand to her room. She shut the door behind them. "Are you okay?" She asked him. "I'm sorry about this morning," he told her. "I don't know what came over me. I love you." She climbed up to perch on the end of her bed. "I love you too, Harry. I'm sorry he hurt you. Are you okay?" He nodded and hugged his knees. "What happened up here with you? Did she help your lip?" Rose remembered the somewhat haunted look on her aunt's face and shivered. "Lily," she whispered. "Aunt Petunia called me Lily. I think... I think it might have been our mother's name. Maybe that's why they treat me different. Maybe, maybe you don't look like her, but I do." She thought back to the dream she often had of the young woman who looked like her. She had the same red hair and green eyes. Rose's bright green eyes, that looked almost too big for her face, were the only things she shared with her twin brother apart from stature. "That doesn't explain why they hate me so much," Harry mumbled. No. It didn't. Nothing of import happened again for many months until after their last day of school and Rose came downstairs to an awful stench. She followed it to the kitchen where Aunt Petunia stood over a metal tub in the sink, stirring something. She wondered if she was trying to cook again. That was never a good thing. "What is that, Aunt Petunia?" She asked. Her aunt had been more or less ignoring her existence since the outburst in Rose's room. "It's your brother's new uniform. I'm dying some of Dudley's old clothes gray. It'll be just like everyone else's when I've finished and then you and I need to go pick up yours." Dudley and Piers were accepted into Smeltings, the old private school Uncle Vernon had attended. Rose and Harry were off to Stonewall High School together, the first time they would be able to get away from Dudley and his gang. "I didn't realize it had to be so wet," Rose couldn't help but say. Aunt Petunia glared. "Just go wake Harry." Harry was already awake and at the table, as were Uncle Vernon and Dudley. Rose had been careful to avoid them as best she could since the incident on Dudley's birthday. This included Harry taking blame once for when Rose burned a batch of biscuits meant for Dudley and his friends. This did not include Dudley and his friends chasing her through the neighborhood while Harry was given extra chores for the burned biscuits. She heard the click of the mail