So this fic was inspired by an rp done by myself and Yesthisistori (-her tumblr) , whom has also helped with Beta reading the chapters / collabing on a great number of the ideas in this fic. Please enjoy. I don't own't PJO/HoO. Nico always knew when they'd passed the barrier into Camp Half Blood. It washed over him like a calming wave and promised safety. He looked out the back window of the Blue Prius, watching for any other monsters, but thankfully himself, Percy, and Jason were in the clear. Turning back around, he met Jason's eyes and looked down. "I'm sorry again," Nico pointed. "About your arm." "It's," he sighed. "You don't need to apologize, Nico." Jason shrugged, then winced. "We'll just visit the Apollo kids and it'll get squared away." Jupiter's son reached out, ruffling Nico's hair with his good arm. "Okay, you guys made up and all, but we still need to wrap our heads around what just happened." Percy put his step-father's borrowed vehicle into park next to the big house. "We just got attacked in public." He looked between his two friends. "And mortals saw the empousa to." Percy's voice was far darker than normal, his usual childish tone replaced by worry. Nico leaned forward, resting his head against his hands and rubbing his eyes with the heels of his hands. Neither he nor Jason knew what to say, however Jason was first to speak up. "We'll bring it up with Chiron later. He'll know what to do. First though." He glanced down to his arm, which was in a sad excuse for a sling. "I'd like to get this taken care of before the shock wears off." "Yeah, bro, that's pretty gnarly looking… We should take a picture." Percy suddenly sounded like himself again. The trio hopped out of the car, Jason telling Percy there was no way in hell he was waiting for him to find a camera before getting help. Nico walked behind them. A harsh wind blew past him and sent a chill down his spine, making him tug at the black hooded sweater he wore, hiking it up higher around his neck. Nico turned to the wind's direction. Something about that breeze reminded him of Split, more so of the winged god and his lackey that cornered him there. This wasn't the first time those memories had came up in the past day or week; as of late, they seemed to be torturing him all over again, sending little reminders of themselves to keep Nico on his toes. "Holy Hecate! What did you do!?" Turning to the sound of Will Solace's voice, Nico realized he was referring to Jason's mangled arm. "We got into a scrape with an empousa," Jason explained. "Nico and I had a run in and well he tried his best to get it temporary attention until we got back, but..." "Say no more. Get to the infirmary," Will instructed and lead him by the good arm into the big house. "We should wait for him before telling Chiron about the fight," Percy gave, stopping Nico by the shoulder. "It'll be easier to explain with the three of us there." "Yeah." Nico nodded, shrugging off Percy's hand. "Hey. You know that wasn't your fault. That kid, we didn't see him either and we really didn't have a chance to clear the area. Nico, you did the right thing." "It's not that," Nico hissed. "I know. You guys keep saying that. It wasn't my fault. I. Get. It." "Then what is eating you?" Nico rolled his eyes, not in the mood to deal with the situation any more. A nap, was that too much to ask? He just wanted to curl up for maybe a good few hours, skip dinner, shower, and then go to bed and ignore the world. "Nico?" However Poseidon's very persistent son was making that difficult. "You wouldn't understand," he began, stopping Percy before he could interrupt him. "It was just something that happened when you and Annabeth were in Tartarus. Something about today, yesterday, and a number of other things just reminds me of it, can we just leave it at that?" Amazed that Nico had even given up that much without more fighting, Percy nodded. "Yeah. Just, you can talk to me. I want us to be friends too Nico." "I know." Nico nodded, his eyes catching someone standing and watching them. He looked up and it was Annabeth. She gave him a small wave and he flicked his hand acknowledging her, and she started walking closer. Percy turned to see who Nico waved to, but when he glanced back all that remained of Nico was a few wisps of shadows. Percy sighed. "I really need to start carrying a flashlight. That party trick of his is really annoying." Annabeth took his hand, noticing the few fresh scrapes on Percy. She dusted his shirt off a bit too. "Hey." "Seaweed Brain, what did you get yourself into?" She asked. "Also it's Nico, you gotta remember to give him some time. He's not as, well, together , as he was when we met him. He's trying, really trying, Percy. That 'party trick' of his is probably a coping skill for him," Athena's daughter explained. He nodded, agreeing with her and dropping the matter entirely, explaining a bit of what happened to himself earlier that morning, leaning in to kiss his girlfriend's temple lightly. He felt a bit better getting to see her once again, he always did after fighting monsters. Back at his cabin, Nico flopped onto his bed, which felt like heaven, even if the night before had been total hell for him. He'd been struck with insomnia for the past few nights. The night before, however, he'd slept, but was plagued with nightmares, which for a demigod typically meant something was going to go down. It didn't help that his connection to the dream world was nearly as strong as the kids in the Hypnos Cabin. Nico knew that there was something foul in that wind. It had something to do with his least favorite minor god, Cupid, and his nightmares. He tried to relive the visions. There was a swamp, chanting, and then being underwater. Nico rolled to his side, wincing a bit at the bruises that he could feel forming. Lifting his head, the son of Hades tugged his pillow under and closed his eyes. "Nico. Hey, c'mon, Death Boy. Time to rejoin the living." Nico groaned at the sound of Jason's voice, then he realized that meant the other male was in his cabin. He flinched and jumped up right. "Sorry, I tried knocking a few times, but you were, well, out." "Couldn't you have just let me sleep?" Nico rubbed his eyes again, probably making the heavy circles under them more visible. The quick movement had disturbed the very tender area around his back and ribs on the left side. "Nope. We need to talk to Chiron after dinner," he gave, clapping a hand on to Nico's shoulder. "Besides there's someone that kind of demanded I bring you to dinner. Doctor's orders." Nico glared at Jason and rolled his eyes. "Styx. Solace." Since his stay in the infirmary after the battle with Gaea, which had been nearly a year ago, for some strange reason the Apollo head counselor seemed to think that he was allowed to butt in and make sure Nico wasn't doing 'anything stupid' and 'taking proper care of himself'. "Hey, Will's a really good guy, Nico," Jason defended. "You know that, I know that. Maybe you should stop trying to brush him off?" "I'm not brushing him off." Jason raised an eyebrow at his friend. "Whatever you say, Nico. I just think, maybe you shouldn't try to pass him up." "Are you trying to suggest I attempt asking Solace out?" the son of Hades whispered harshly, standing from his bed. "Cause that's not happening." Only Jason could advise such a thing to Nico and get away with it. He'd been there when Cupid attacked in Croatia, forcing the son of Hades to admit his 'true' feelings of love towards Percy, which thankfully those feelings had subsided. Nico kept his face down and away from the son of Jupiter, praying that he couldn't tell he already did have feelings for the camp's best healer. He'd been harboring them for a while now, but he was too afraid to let them be known, by anyone. Friend or not. "Well," Jason shrugged, "you guys did fall asleep together at the last counselor movie night." "No, we fell asleep next to each other. Besides I was on the floor, he was on the couch. Jason, just stop." Nico huffed, passing the son of Jupiter. There was no way anything could possibly happen with the healer. "Though, I should ask." Nico paused, glancing at Jason. His arm was no longer in a sling, but it was splinted with what looked like heavy cardboard and a few pieces of thin wood and an ace bandage. "How's the arm?" "Thank the gods for ambrosia and Will's prayer to his dad or I would be screwed." Jason laughed, walking with his arm out for inspection. "You wanna sign the bandage?" Nico rolled his eyes again as they found themselves behind the other cabins on their way to dinner. "He also said nice work on the sling Nico." The son of Hades hid his reddening face. Percy waved them over to their usual table and Nico headed off alone while Jason went off to give Piper a quick hug and let her know he was fine. She didn't look amused by the cast, but ultimately nodded and returned the gesture. Nico had begun gathering a small meal for himself and Percy had already dug in. Jason returned wordlessly from the Aphrodite table. Overall the meal was mostly silent, up until there was a gasp from the Hephaestus cabin. They began murmuring among themselves and Nico realized they were staring at the three of them. "Chiron!" One of the boys jumped up, a thin rectangle in their hands. He rushed to the head table and held the device out for the elder to see. Chiron's face darkened and he was suddenly eyeing Percy, Jason, and Nico. "He knows," Nico sighed. Percy and Jason looked confused and then turned to look back. Chiron was waving off the camper with the tablet, while other kids asked to see what he'd just shown their mentor. "Please, campers. It's nothing to worry about. It was just some cat video or another." Everyone laughed loudly. Cabin Nine all eyeing the Big Three narrowly. "Head counselors, after supper I would like for us all to meet in the Big House." More whispers erupted and suddenly Nico didn't want the rest of his meal. " Stunning footage out of New York today." The heads of each cabin sat around the rec room's television. " A trio of young men seen battling a mysterious creature using some very stunning displays of power? Magic? Let's watch the footage." The poor news anchor seemed horribly confused by the script. The screen flashed over and Percy could be seen being knocked into the fountain, screaming out as he was thrown. Jason and Nico ran up as quickly as possible while their friend launched himself up and out of the water, not only visibly dry, but standing on the surface. Nico and Jason both reached into back packs, pulling out their respective blades as Percy uncapped his pen, which transformed into his own sword Riptide. The empousa limped into view, her hair a raging fire. Nico glanced back to Percy and shouted to Poseidon's son who'd nearly been enchanted by the beast. Percy flung his arm taking control of the fountain's water. By this point, nearby spectators had taken notice of the trio and the strange beast. There was curiosity at first, many of them