1Title: Manu Qualme Rating: PG-13 for some adult themes. Pairing: Legolas/Aragorn (in past), Aragorn/Arwen (spoken of ONLY) Warnings: Major character death Summary: Apparently an oath and the act of making love is all that is really needed to be spiritually married to another elf. So what does that mean, when Aragorn is Legolas' ex-lover, and now wishes to marry Arwen? Legolas is forced to act. Author's Note: I started this in 2003. I'm just glad I finally finished it. Disclaimer: Legolas and Aragorn are not mine. They are J. R. R. Tolkien's and in some part Peter Jackson's. Any inconsistencies with their works be they the books or the movies is my mistake, and I encourage input. This is far fetched and completely un-Tolkien. It was a thought that wouldn't leave me alone. No money is made from this venture. Additional notes at the end. Part 1 Legolas watched the proceedings with a mild detachment that was very unlike him. He was the elf of the fellowship. The one who was always watching, always alert, and ready to fight at a moments notice. He was supposed to be ever-watchful, always listening to everything going on around him. But today he watched silently, not focusing on anyone else as Aragorn received his crown from Gandalf. He was aware of Aragorn's soft voice singing a beautiful melody, but he only managed to react when Aragorn began his progression through the waiting crowd, the crown of Gondor on his head for the first time. Aragorn stopped in front of him, taking in the silver circlet resting in his hair, and the royal tunic he wore. Aragorn smiled, and using his left hand, clasped Legolas' shoulder. Legolas mimicked the action. "Hannon Le," Aragorn whispered. Legolas smiled, and nodded his head, his heart breaking inside his chest. He forced himself to step to the side, knowing the inevitable was about to happen, that there was nothing he could do to stop it. He watched as Aragorn's face lit up with an inner light at the first sight of Arwen Undomiel. She looked beautiful as she always did. Aragorn approached her, hesitance visible in his shaking hands. Legolas watched as his ex-lover kissed his future bride, and knew what he had to do. Backing slowly away, he made his way through the crowd. He quickened his pace, ripping the metal from his head, he ran to Arod, who waited as if expecting him at the bottom of the stairs. "Legolas!" The gruff voice of Gimli, gave Legolas a moment of hesitation. He looked back at Gimli, looking at the dwarf with such pain in his expression, that he saw his friend visibly flinch away from his gaze. Legolas leapt up onto his faithful friend, needing no saddle or harness, he urged the horse forward and was soon galloping through the mostly emptied streets, most of its citizens and soldiers already at the top most level of the white city, rejoicing in the return of the king. He spared no thought for how Arod had freed himself for the stables, or how the steed had made his way unnoticed and without direction all the way to the top most level of the Citadel. He rode swiftly, turning down each level with little effort, and out through the broken gates. He rode on and on, needing to get away from the city for a time. He would return hours later, and seeking out the new king, he would go to him one last time. He needed to know, before he acted. Aragorn was alone in his new chambers, pacing back and forth as if racked with anxiety. Legolas had made his way past the royal guards with little to no effort. Something would have to be done about that and sooner rather than later. Anyone could have just waltzed right in on an unsuspecting King. "Aragorn, or should I say King Elessar?" Legolas spoke quietly from his place in the doorway, bowing his head in respect for his friend's new title. "Legolas?" Aragorn gasped spinning around. He looked surprised but strangely relieved to see Legolas standing there. "Where have you been? Gimli said you took off immediately following the coronation. We've all been worried sick about you all evening. The hobbits want to spend time with us before they return home." "I went for a ride. I needed to get out of the crowd. It was a bit overwhelming just then," Legolas lied, thankful for his natural elven stiffness. In their long and varied relationship, Aragorn had never managed to read his emotions if he didn't want them read. Aragorn deflated somewhat. "I'm glad you came to see me upon returning. I'm not used to you taking off in such a sudden and abrupt manner. Come and sit with me a while. I wish to talk to my most trusted of friends." Legolas didn't hesitate but a moment before closing the door behind himself, and following Aragorn to the sitting area off the main chamber. Two armchairs sat at opposite sides of the roaring fireplace. Aragorn sat down in one, and seemed to relax easily into its curved back. Legolas took in his worn and tired face. He looked so old sitting there, as if he hadn't slept in ten years. It was almost enough to change Legolas' mind about the coming confrontation, almost, but not quite. He sat down opposite of the king. This needed to be said. "Aragorn, we must talk about your upcoming wedding," he spoke softly. Aragorn's smile at Legolas' words made the elf's heart ache worse in his chest. "Yes, isn't it wonderful? Finally after all of these years, I will marry my Arwen. While I wish I could truly have Elrond's blessing, I will take what I can get. I do worry about her, Legolas. She has given up her immortality to be with me. The grace of the Valar leaves her more and more each day. I worry that I will lose her much too soon. I do not deserve such love and devotion from one such as she," Aragorn spoke. "You should know by now that the heart does not lie. If Arwen loves you as she seems to than she has little choice but to continue loving you, and to be by your side always." Legolas replied. 'As I do.' went unspoken. "She could no sooner sail west that you could parade around as a Hobbit convincingly." He relished the hearty laugh he earned with his words. "But we really must talk, Aragorn. I need to ask you something." The tone of his voice must have shown Aragorn the seriousness of the situation, as the man stopped laughing, and slowly frowned. "You can ask me anything, Legolas. You know I shall answer, even if only to tell you I am unsure of the correct response." "I know, Aragorn," Legolas whispered, standing from the chair. Walking to the window, he looked to the South, where Mordor stood, the light of Mt. Doom dying with each moment, as the molten rock settled and cooled once more. "I do not wish to cause you further strife or pain, but we must have this discussion, or there will be consequences that cannot be foreseen, even by the wisest of elves," he spoke quietly. He felt Aragorn's hesitant approach. "What ails you my friend? What causes such sadness in your heart? What forces you to turn away from me?" Aragorn asked. Legolas closed his eyes and turned to Aragorn once more. "My love for you causes me grief, Aragorn. It causes me pain because I know my affection is not returned in the way I wish it to be. It burdens me to know you marry Arwen in the morn, and that nothing I can say, can alter this future which you so yearn to occupy. And so I find myself asking you, did you ever love me, as you love her now? Was I foolish to believe your declarations, your promises of eternal love? Does my heart betray me now, in holding on to something that should never have happened? Give me my answers, so that I can have my peace." Aragorn was silent and still as he processed these quietly spoken confessions. "I thought you had moved beyond this, Legolas. I thought you understood. Why do you torment yourself with such thoughts? My heart belongs to Arwen. She is my future. She is my life. I want Arwen. I love her. My feelings for you are irrelevant. I am meant to be her husband. She is meant to be my wife, my queen. I loved you for a time, but my feelings for Arwen are more. They are deeper, purer, and much more real, than the love I had for you. She has had my heart since the moment I laid eyes on her, and nothing is going to change that. I marry her in the morning, whether you wish it to be so or not. Why can't being my friend be enough for you?" Aragorn asked. Legolas felt the proverbial knife in his heart twist another quarter turn at these words. But something else was there as well, anger and a new vile bitterness, which he fought to suppress with all of his might. "If Arwen met a man tomorrow, Aragorn, and fell madly passionately in love with him, so in love with this person, that her feelings for you were instantly vanquished, would your heart stop singing for her? Simply because it was hopeless?" he asked. He watched regret spring up in Aragorn's face. Legolas offered a smile, one that he hoped didn't show this new bitter feeling. "Thank you for being so honest. I have my answers. Forgive me for not attending your wedding in the morrow. I fear my heart cannot take it." He turned quickly and was to the door before Aragorn had gathered himself enough to speak. "Legolas, I.." But the king of men was cut off. "You might want to talk to the captain of your personal guard. It was frighteningly easy getting in to see you unnoticed. Good bye, Aragorn," he said quietly, before disappearing from view. Aragorn was left to slump uneasily into the now decidedly uncomfortable armchair. His head coming to rest cradled in rough warriors hands. Legolas fled on swift silent feet back to the stables. He knew his fate now. There was no other choice to be made. Part 2 Arod had rested for well over an hour, and sensing his rider's torment, was anxiously stamping at the hay littering his stall. Legolas reached out with one long fingered hand, and stroked the top of the beautiful steeds head. The hand was nuzzled in an effort to comfort and console. Legolas smiled, and retrieving his long knives, bow and quiver, from the corner of the stall, mounted the horse. Arod moved forward without being prodded into action. They traveled at a much more sedate and measured pace as they left Minas Tirith. They rode with a leisure that allowed Legolas time to think. His actions this night were for the good of Aragorn. Legolas' life since meeting the human, when said human was only the young age of 17, and been dedicated to Aragorn's happiness. It had been folly to fall in love with someone so young. Even by human standards Estel, as he had been called then, had still been inexperienced. Being raised by Elrond, Lord of Imladris, had given the boy a grace and strength that had drawn Legolas in as a moth to a flame. Legolas had burned for the boy, in a way he never had in over 2000 years living in Middle-Earth. Legolas had been frightened by his desire for someone so young. But Estel had felt the same, and they had been drawn to each other in ways that were not easily ignored. For three years they had loved and been loved by each