PLEASE READ. (If you were a reader of the first version of this story, please start here. If you're a new reader, please start reading after the asterisk) So, this is the revised version of "She's not my girlfriend, SHE is". There'll be some changes, which you will eventually discover/learn throughout the story. Now, I will try to minimize the OCs and their interaction (unless you people would want them to appear or something) and the OC's will change, including names and attitudes and I will be using them as the "outside view" for the story (or a mortal's perspective). Details will be changed, I can promise you that (because my writing style 2 years ago is completely different from my writing style now). So one of the changes I have is: No Rachel. Not that I don't like her (I love her character), but it's stated that she goes to that Clarion school, so having her in Goode would be an indirect way of saying "I'm changing canon details to fit my story". Also, Malcolm won't be a student anymore, he'll be a teacher (I think it's stated that Annabeth is the cabin head because she was in camp longer, but that doesn't mean she's the eldest. I presume- presume- that Malcolm is second-in-command because he's the eldest in the camp. But it's just a presumption). What subject will he teach? You'll find out if you read. And *Since the release of BoO has added some details, I will include them for the sake of consistency. It is stated in my summary " after the Giant War" , so yeah (dead Leo I'm so sorry) I'll try to make it not so gloomy (like some of the "back-to-school-after-the-Giant-War fics published nowadays) There will be some changes, but I'll keep those parts that were mentioned in the reviews as "funny" or etc. Last minute reminders: I am not an American/live in anywhere in the West (Filipino here), therefore I have no idea how schools in America work. My cousin does live in America but we rarely talk now because of the long distance (Timezones suck). Everything I know is because of Google. So, sorry in advance if there are any mistakes. So the ships are: Percabeth, Jasper, Tratie, Frazel (but only mentioned, or not that discussed), Solangelo (More details at the end) Enjoy Percy's POV The halls of Goode High had the same "First Day of School" feel every year: newly cleaned lockers, shiny floors, repainted walls, fixed doors and over-all new renovations. Which will eventually be destroyed after a few weeks or so. Not to mention the fact that it was crowded . Freshmen are walking around, trying to either fit in at their new school, or trying to find the best hiding place to live through it. The group of friends already started meeting, forming an obstacle in the halls with their literal circle of friends. Seems like Goode High is expecting an increase of freshmen and transfer students. Personally, I think it's because of the new demigods. Let me give you a brief background: After the war, monster attacks were becoming less- or we were getting better (I'd believe the latter, until I tried to shoot an arrow again, and it lodge on a tree. Behind me)- until it reached the point of being boring (which is a word that you cannot describe the demigod life unless you find the words "is not" between them). The war was enough for the newer demigods to learn the importance of learning how to fight, and enough "horror fuel" (as they call it) to encourage the new arrivals to take things- like training- more seriously. Now that it's safe to say that most of the demigods are now prepared and they follow the buddy system pretty seriously. Because of this, the thought of a normal life seemed possible. Unfortunately most of us are still 17 and below, meaning one thing: we needed to go to school. Bad luck, am I right? Now, some of you might've gone "I'd rather stay in camp than school" or something along those lines, but school sounded like a small price to pay just to be normal for once (key word: sounded . Easier said than done). Even those who are supposed to be in college were willing to get a degree. Although not all were anchored by the idea. Especially the ones who were expelled and expect to be expelled again, albeit in a different school. Some kids returned to their home states, some didn't. Some stayed in camp. Some moved to be closer to camp. Everything was in speed dial in case something happened. I'm not yet informed of the conditions in Camp Jupiter, but I trust Frank and Reyna are working fine with the whole camp. We even joked that everything would be more like a military camp than usual because two children of war gods are the praetors. But at least there is no more Great Prophecy to worry about. I hope. I patted my pockets again for Riptide, a habit that I'll never stop doing. I took a deep breath and continued walking, no destination in mind. You can do this Jackson, you went through wars and Hell, what's highschool compared to that? the rational part of my mind said It's still a war, except it's in Hell that lasts for 10 months per year, with lunch breaks in between, another part of my thoughts said. The temperature suddenly dropped, like in horror movies when there's a ghost around. Jeez, why am I getting the first day jitters. "Jackson" someone said behind me in a familiar voice. I turned around to see not a ghost, but the Ghost King, Nico, with his usual blank face and disheveled hair. His outfit was still all black except for the silver ring he wears on his finger for fidgeting. He looked cleaner. Probably because he had ditched the large, (stained, if I should add) aviator jacket and replaced it with a leather jacket instead. I guess I'll have to add that he had started eating enough. His eyes didn't look so sunken anymore. We had Will to thank for that, because it's Will that'll drag Nico out of his cabin to eat if Nico's too stubborn to listen to any of us. Nico will usually listen to Annabeth, but if he's feeling really stubborn, he's deafer than a deaf man. Will's the one who drags him out, Nico usually kicking and screaming, sometimes dramatically hissing at the sunlight, to emphasize his hate to be outside. Once they are in the Dining Pavilion, Will won't let Nico leave the Hades' table unless the food he placed on Nico's plate is clean. " Doctor's orders" is what Will says. Even the Apollo campers started using that, but sometimes delivered as " Will's orders" . After his confession (which still has me confused, honestly, but I hold nothing against him), Nico started being...social, to an extent. One of the reason was that the campers don't avoid him that much (telling the new campers about Nico was an unplanned agreement between all the old campers), so Nico doesn't feel alone and secluded. One step closer to being a one huge dysfunctional kinda-family, that's what I say. "Hey Nico" I said, "Didn't think you'd actually enroll. What pushed you into doing it?". Nico let out a scoff, "Hades forced me to go. He wanted his son to be educated in the modern times, so he had my tutors leave." "Your...tutors?" I imagined a college student wearing a very formal attire sitting next to Nico on a table filled with open books and papers in Hades' castle while a zombie chef cooks up snacks in the Underworld kitchen where the fires of Phlegethon are the fuel for the stoves. "Yeah. Einstein's a great tutor but he forgets that he's tutoring a 14 year old and there are times he'll slip into German" Nico said. Oh, those kinds of tutors. "Your father resurrects ghosts for your tutoring" It was supposed to be delivered as a question, but it came out in disbelief. "Well, yeah" Nico said, "Considering the fact that the last time I went to school, I was ten years old and I the only thing I learned is not to call the teacher a big bag of garbage dumped in a boiling jar of acid, covered in poo and then shaped into a wrinkled humanoid" I raised an eyebrow, "Did you really?". Nico nodded, "in Italian." I laughed at the thought of a younger Nico saying those words, "You're going to get through the teachers swimmingly then" "Was that adverb really necessary?" "Humor me" I said, motioning him to walk with me. Standing in the middle of the hallway isn't really my cup of tea. "You don't have your schedule yet, do you?" "The only thing I need to know is when dismissal is" Nico said, "Yes, I don't have my schedule" "Okay, let's go find our schedules" I said. "You don't know where to get the schedules, do you?" deadpanned Nico after a moment of silence. "Hey, I can find a way" I said. Nico rolled his eyes. That was how I ended up with the son of Hades on my heels, lost in the labyrinth called high school hallways. I looked around. I saw some familiar faces when I was here in Goode the last time. Some girls were checking me out (sorry girls, but I'm taken) and some guys were ignoring me or staring right at me that a hole might as well been on my forehead. I also saw some of the campers. Some fit in immediately, like that one Aphrodite kid who managed to get a Junior carry her bag for her. I saw an Apollo kid accidentally hit a short boy on the head with his guitar. Other words: everything is all dandy. I navigated through the large crowds of students. Every now and then, I turn around to check if Nico was still following behind me and not caught in a large "Join our club" gathering. Again. After assuring Nico was behind me (the kid was avoiding people's touch like the Plague), I went back on focusing the main objective: Getting our schedules. From a distance, I can hear a high-pitched voice calling out: "Freshmen! Transfers! If you have any questions, come here, and we'll make sure you'll get your answer in the Goode way!" Behind me, Nico scoffed, " Goode way . Creative" he muttered. We followed the voice, since there was really no other possible directions where we should go. We turned a left, where the voice got louder and louder. At the end of the hall, there was a table with 5 students in white polo shirts, sitting on monoblock chairs. The only one standing was a girl who I expected to be the one shouting, her hair held back with a tight ponytail. She was giving out flyers to anybody unlucky enough to go near her paper-giving reach. I looked at the banner above her. "Student Information Area" Some students eventually went to their table and asked questions, holding the map that was offered when you stepped in the school. One person would entertain the question, answer it, and the student would be gone. "Hey Nico," I asked, "Did you get a map?" "A map?" Nico said, "of what?" "Since you don't know what map I'm referring to, I'll just say you don't have it" I sighed. Nico asked, "Are you talking about a school map?" "Yeah," I said, "Did you get one?" Nico shook his head. "Student Information Area then?" he suggested. We walked towards them. The girl had just started advertising their mini-booth again. "Freshmen! Transfers! If you have any questions, come here, and we'll make sure you'll- oh hey there! You must be a transfer. You look too old to be a freshmen. And