AN: Remember this thing? It was gone. Now it's back. I'm reposting for nostalgia, but won't be editing, and will try not to cringe at this thing I wrote so long ago. :) Six years guys! Six years is a long time ago. Learning to Say No Chapter One At Christmas we wear chunky red sweaters and at Easter we wear frilly pastel dresses and at Halloween we dress like whores. I learned this as a little girl, long before I was consciously aware of my own modesty and distaste for gawdiness or excessive amounts of skin. In Phoenix I had worn jeans on a daily basis despite the heat, which my friends there had teased me about. Now, in Forks, I continued my habit of layering shirts that didn't quite contrast but didn't match either. It drove Alice crazy, my best friend who only left the couch during awards shows long enough to pee and make popcorn because she had to critique the dresses. Since I had moved to Forks for good a month ago, she had made it her personal mission to instill some "style" on me. And what better opportunity to put her plan into action than at Halloween? Apparently Halloween was a bit of a big deal in Forks because what else was there to make a big deal of? Whomever had a free house threw a big party at which all the boys dressed like gangsters and all the girls dressed like skanks, everyone got trashed, and the ensuing drama –because when there are drunk girls, there is drama—was all anyone talked about for the next two months until time for New Years' Eve parties. When I had voiced my desire to not go, Mike Newton had offered that he and I could watch horror films at his place instead if I preferred. Jessica Stanley choked on her orange juice. Alice sent me a death-glare across the table. My options were to sit at home alone in Charlie's old house and hand out candy to the masked children that dared knock on the door, or else go play wingman for Alice. I had caved then, but now severely regretted my lack of a spine, pressed into the backseat of Jessica Stanley's VW bug between Alice, Lauren, and Angela. Alice's older brother's girlfriend Rosalie rode in the front seat, which added an air of discomfort to the already crowded car. A sophomore in Seattle Pacific, the only reason she was even back in Forks was because Emmett wanted to party with his old friends instead of Rosalie's new friends. He had decided against the college route and was working as a mechanic at the moment and living at home still, but recently he had decided maybe he would like to be a high school football coach. He certainly had the barking voice for it. But so he wanted to party in Forks, so Rosalie came home, but needed a ride into Port Angeles because Emmett and "the boys" had spent the afternoon watching some game in some pub. I didn't even pay attention to know what was in season in October; football, I guess. Rosalie needed a ride, and Alice played the good little-sister-of-the-boyfriend card by suggesting she could ride with us. This just meant an overflowing bucket of awkwardness for the rest of us. "I was thinking a Playboy Bunny," Lauren answered outloud to Jessica's question. "That's not overdone, is it?" "Oh, in Forks you'll be fine," Jessica assured. "I think I may go the sexy witch route. Or maybe a devil? I haven't decided yet." "If I go as an angel, do I get to wear the floor-length white sheet?" I whispered to Alice, to which she rolled her eyes and announced loudly, "No, Bella, you are not being an angel for your first Halloween." Fuck you, Alice Brandon. "First Halloween?" Angela pressed, leaning around Alice – or at least trying to. VW Bugs were really not built with backseat passengers in mind. "It's not my first Halloween," I snapped, glaring at Alice. "I dressed up and went trick-or-treating as a kid. I just haven't done it in . . . in a few years." "What's a few years?" Alice nudged, feeding the excitement that glistened in Jessica's and Lauren's eyes. If Alice was trying to be my fashion savior, the two of them were a social team intent on saving me from social suicide. Alice had rolled her eyes in the beginning that really, it was probably more that they wanted to latch onto the automatic status I got being the "new girl," attempting to use that to their advantage, adding my newness to our combined case of trophies alongside likes Lauren's cool confident demeanor and Jessica's bubbly personality. I didn't like Lauren too much but Jessica was all right, and the two of them were buddying up since I'd started spending more time with Alice. Now, Lauren answered for me, "You probably mean since you grew a chest and legs, right?" "I, ah . . . well, that's one way to put it." "Well then this is perfect!" Jessica squealed, clapping her hands. "Bella, this is your chance to really sell yourself! I mean . . . not like that . . ." I saw even Rosalie turn her head to snicker into her hand. I hadn't thought she was listening to us, staring out the window as our stupid little high school chatter rolled around the car. "What I mean is, this is your chance to, you know, show your sexier side!" I snorted and then erupted into laughter at that, almost crying as I insisted, "I don't have a sexier side. I am what I am." "Oh, Bella, that's not true at all," even Alice insisted, wrapping our fingers together. "I think you're extremely sexy." I gave her a dubious look, not sure if she was teasing or actually trying to be serious. She continued to grin at me serenely. "All the boys really like you," Angela offered as well, reaching her arm across Alice to pat my leg. I felt Lauren stiffen a bit beside me but she said nothing. "Now you can just really impress them. Show them a Bella they haven't seen before." "You mean show them what they haven't see of Bella," I retorted. "Really, though, you have no reason to be self-conscious, Bella. We'll find you something that highlights your best features." "Which are?" I asked, genuinely curious. "Hm . . . your eyes . . . and your hair," Alice suggested, while Angela offered, "You have really nice legs." "Actually you do have nice legs," Lauren admitted. "And a flat stomach, right?" "And you've got enough curves to be sexy!" Jessica helpfully offered. I groaned and covered my face, sinking into the seat. "Besides," Alice insisted, as though to finish off the appraisal, "You can say it till you lose your voice, but it was not my smile that got us backstage last weekend . . ." That's right. I had gone to a Jason Mraz concert with Alice, and afterwards we had somehow charmed our way backstage and met the man. Afterwards, I had made her swear never to tell anyone how close I had come to hyperventilating just to meet such a talented musician. "Face it," she ordered, patting my knee, "You're sexy. You'll have to dress to impress." "But I'm not trying to impress anyone," I pointed out, and Jessica's smile grew in the front seat. Mike was nice, but as far as I was concerned, she could have him. "It's not just going to be our usual boys, of course," Lauren argued, crossing her arms. "I mean, Mike, Eric, Tyler, Ben, they'll all be there, but there will be older boys, too. Everyone goes to these things." I sighed, feeling like David up against four Goliaths, and conceded just to get them to leave me alone, "Well, we'll see what we find. Who are shopping with?" "Um, Mike, Tyler, and Ben, and then of course Emmett, Jasper, and Edward," Angela answered, nodding at Rosalie's back as though to assure her she had not been forgotten. As if Rosalie would care. I laughed and let my shoulders sag with relief that only Alice would sense the insincerity of, "Good, then I'm safe. Ben will only have eyes for you, Angela, since you two are basically joined at the hip, and we know who Jasper should look at if he knows what's good for him." It was Alice's turn to squirm in her seat. "Mike will be pining for Jessica, which leaves Tyler and Edward to moon over Lauren's perfect body." I was spewing shit through my teeth, but everyone in the car seemed to enjoy it; Jessica beamed and Lauren apparently felt good enough about herself to suddenly insist, "Well, I think I can guarantee that won't be true, though." "What won't?" "I mean, Tyler probably will," she laughed confidently. "But I hear Edward prefers brunettes . . ." I screwed my face up as Jessica giggled in the front, feeling like I was on the outside of a joke, "What's that supposed to mean? We're talking about the same Edward, right? Around six feet tall, wild hair, green eyes, pronounced jawbone?" "I assume my little brother is the only Edward in Forks," Rosalie sniffed, and the awkward silence returned. I guess all of us had sort of forgot he was her little brother, which we shouldn't, because really they were quite a bit alike. Rosalie was prissy and elitist and liked to look down her nose at people – this much I had picked up jus from being around her in school or when we were at the Brandon household at the same time. What had Jessica meant about Rosalie's brother? I thought about Edward Cullen, the quiet brooding heartthrob, to pull random words from the gossip that circulated about him at school. As antisocial as he was gorgeous, Edward was known to skip class and hadn't set foot in the cafeteria once since we became seniors and gained off-campus lunch privileges. All the girls, it seemed, had at one point harbored crushes on him, and he was clearly aware of this and used it to his advantage. I hadn't ever seen him flirting, but there were rumors. Mike had once told me Edward could get a free meal simply by smiling at the waitress. Occasionally our social circles overlapped – after all, he was good friends with Jasper, and since Alice and Jasper were maybe sort of becoming a thing, he sat with Jasper, who sat with us during assemblies. But that was about it. Edward and I had only interacted once. Lauren suddenly leaned in and whispered, "Let's just say that the rumor is Edward Cullen has a bit of a thing for you . . ." This was so nonsensical that I laughed outloud. Fortunately, we had pulled up curbside and Rosalie had already stepped out, kindly popping the seat up for those of us crammed in the backseat to file out. Alice grabbed my arm as soon as we had straightened and added quietly, "They aren't lying. I've heard the same thing." "That isn't even logical to joke about." "I'm not joking! Apparently you said something to impress him." I shook my head, "The only time I've even talked to him was in Euro-history when we had to debate colonialism." "Well who won?" "I did. I convinced the board that Columbus was right to go in and slaughter the natives. Not exactly my proudest victory . . . Anyways, honestly, who's spewing this bull?" "If you must know, Jasper told me. We were talking about you . . ." I rolled my eyes, "Well then either it's a joke or Edward should pick his friends better." Alice huffed and crossed her arms, "Well, if you're going to be like that." Yes, I was. The idea of