A/N- Ok, I'm finally finished with tributes and only have 5 more reapings left to write! But for now, I will let you read District 1 and 2's now! Brooklyn Virgona, District 1 POV I throw the knife, hard and quick. It cuts through the air and sticks right in the centre of the target. I stroll over, juggling another knife in one hand and pull it out. Sliding the knives into my belt, I walk over and grab and axe from the stand. I give it a few swings first, then haul it over my shoulder, flinging it into another dummy and slicing the head clean in half. A small applause comes from behind me. "Bravo, bravo. This training over the years has paid off" "I've been trained since I was five, what do you expect?" I say sarcastically, picking up another axe. "You're a born fighter, Brooklyn, I expect perfection" I throw the axe and again, it knocks the head of a dummy clean off. "That perfect enough for you, dad?" He grins with pleasure. "It was ok" I turn around, glaring. " Ok? That pretty perfect shot was... ok ?" He nods and I feel a rush of anger. I grab the nearest bow and a sheaf of arrows and speedily, load the bow with an arrow and fire it towards him. It hits the wall he's leaning on, just millimetres from his skull. I fire more arrows, each one dangerously close to different parts of his body, until I've made an outline of his shape on the wall. "What about that, eh? Was that perfect?" I shout at him. Not waiting for an answer, I grab all the weapons around me and throw them around the room, sticking in dummy's hearts and chopping all different body parts off. I keep at it, my body flushing with heat, until every dummy is lying in a helpless heap on the floor. I then turn back to my father. "Was that good enough for you? Or do you want me to sprout wings and start breathing fire?" I retort angrily. My father starts to laugh, clapping his hands together. "And that is why you're my daughter!" "Wow, I am so lucky" I say with a sarcastic tone, walking out the gym and leaving it in the mess I created. We arrive at the reaping quite early, Dad's decision, not mine. I don't really want to stand around, listening to his boasts about when he won his Games and all that boring stuff I've heard a thousand times before. So, without him looking, I sneak off and walk up to a group of teens my age. They stop talking and turn to watch me. This happens all the time; guys going speechless in my presence. "Whoa, looking hot today Brook" One of the guys, Drake, whistles. "Tah" I say, stopping to stand with them. "And it's Brooklyn, not Brook" "Oh, I'm sorry babe" Drake says, slipping his arm around my waist. I shove it off and raise my eyebrows. "Hey, that area is off limits to you" "Ooh, is it now?" He jokes, trying to act all cool in front of his mates who are more like his minions, actually. "Yeah, it is" I say, matter-of-factly. "And if you dare go there again, you'll be sorry" He licks his lips. "Ooh, feisty! What you gonna do then, Brook, perfume me to death?" That wasn't even remotely funny, yet his minions start laughing, acting as if they're dying from a perfume overdose. They look like goldfish drinking from toilets. As I said, not funny. "Oh, cuz that was so hilarious I forgot to laugh" I say, glaring at them with my fierce eyes. They respond by laughing even harder. "You're so funny, Brook" Derek says, wiping a fake tear from his eye. "So funny" I lose my patience with him and grab a fistful of his shirt, pulling him down from his towering height. "I said, my name is not Brook. It's Brooklyn " I hiss in his pathetic face. He squirms a little in my grip and I release him, throwing a quick punch at the end. My fist hits his face solidly and he stumbles back in shock, tripping over someone's foot and landing on his back, flat on the ground. His minions stop, some staring at me in horror and others bending down to see if he's alright. I smile at them and turn away, joining the group of eighteen year old girls. From across the crowd, I can see Drake touching his face and wincing. I grin to myself, it's been a while since I've punched something other than a dummy. It's gotten me all fired up inside and I feel ready for more. And I'm going to get more very soon... I look to the stage and watch as Alryna Queen picks out a slip from the bowl labelled, 'Girls'. She's just opening up the paper and is about to read out the name when I shout out loud. "I volunteer!" Alryna looks shocked as I march up to the stage. "Goodness me, you're keen. I hadn't even read out the name!" She exclaims. "So, what's your name?" "Brooklyn Virgona" I state clearly, turning to the audience. "And you'd better all remember me, cuz I'm gonna win this thing" Ren Elmwood, District 1 POV A soft knock comes from my door. I know who it is straight away, my father never knocks, so it must be my mother. "Come in" I call to her. The door creaks open and my mother walks in. Her fist is clenched, holding something tightly. She smiles at me and sits down on my bed. "How are you, Ren?" She asks. "I'm alright; just worried about today, that's all" I reply. She shakes her head. "This shouldn't be happening. Your father shouldn't be making you do this" I sigh. "It's ok, Mother. Don't worry about me, I'll be fine. I'm a Career, aren't I?" "Yes, but you're not like them. I know you're not vicious like the rest of them" "But I can pretend. I can learn" She gestures for my hand and I hold it out to her. Her fist presses into my palm, then she pulls away, leaving behind a crumpled piece of paper. "Our secret" She whispers, her finger to her lips. I nod and she walks out the room, carefully closing the door behind her. I open up my hand and look at what she left. Gently, I open the paper. A small gasp escapes my mouth as I look at the paper. It's a picture, worn and battered with age, but the image is still quite clear. It's a photo of me and my mother. I look about three years old, swinging on a park swing, a huge grin on my face. My mother is standing behind me, laughing as she pushes me on the swing. The sun is out and there's not a cloud in the sky. The grass below our feet is fresh and green, grass blades shining in the light. I smile as I look into the picture. I can remember that day; how perfect it was. A day we spent, just the two of us. That's when we had the most fun; when my father wasn't with us. Most days I wish he wasn't here. Then everyday could be like that day in the park. The door swings open. "Renold, what's taking you so long?" My father stands in the doorway, tapping his foot impatiently. "Oh, erm nothing. I'm on my way now" I stutter, quickly hiding the picture in my fist. "Well hurry up then, I need to talk to you before we go" He says, turning and walking away. I sigh. I know what he wants us to 'talk' about: Volunteering. It's all he's been thinking about since the day I was born. He has this big dream of me winning the Hunger Games, although he only wants the fame for himself. To be known as the father of the boy who won the 500th Hunger Games. He wants to be better than all of his friends; to beat them in something else besides darts. He just wants to be better and bigger. That's all he wants. That's all he's ever wanted. Except, that's not what I want. My father is pacing around the lounge when I get downstairs, muttering to himself. I stand in the doorway for a while until he notices me. "Ah, Renold, there you are" He says. "Come in the room now, no dilly dallying" I step further into the room. "Right, you know what day it is today, don't you?" He asks patronizingly. I nod. "It's the reaping for the 500th Hunger Games" "And what are you going to do at the reaping?" I gulp. "Volunteer" He shakes his head. "That wasn't confident enough. What are you going to do?" "Volunteer" I repeat a little louder. "I said; what are you going to do?" "Volunteer" "Louder!" "VOLUNTEER!" I yell. My father smiles thinly. "That's better" He turns and shouts. "Corrine!" My mother scurries into the room, obediently. "Yes, Michael?" "Let us go; it's time for our fame to begin!" He announces, pulling on his jacket. "You mean Ren's fame" She says quietly. "Oh yes, whatever" He mumbles ushering us out the house. I try not to speak as we walk to the reaping. I don't want to think about volunteering. I don't even want to volunteer; I'd much rather, like, live my life. Why would anyone want to go into an arena and fight to the death? There's not even a certainty that you'll survive and odds are that you won't. It's not just about who's the strongest or the best fighter; it's about survival more than anything. And most volunteers forget about that. When we arrive, I barely get time to speak to my mother before I'm whisked off to the signing desk. She manages to wish me luck, but that's about it. My father marches me up to the desk and I sign in, his shadow looming over me. "Ok, so remember to yell as loudly as possible; you don't want anyone to beat you" My father tells me, gripping my shoulders tightly. "Uh huh" I nod. He looks at me, his eyes staring holes into my brain. "Oh, sorry. I mean; yes father" I say hurriedly. "Good. Now, go and volunteer" He says, pushing me over to the standing area. I almost stumble as I'm forced forward, but I manage to catch my fall before I make a fool of myself. Knowing that he's watching me, I walk and stand in my age group. We're right at the back of everyone else, being the eldest. Luckily I'm quite tall, so I can see the stage easily. Alryna Queen stands on the stage, beaming. Both literally and metaphorically. She reads the Treaty of Treason quickly, obviously impatient to move on to the reaping. Well, the volunteering. Firstly she chooses the girl, as usual. None of them look nervous, they all know that someone will volunteer. And someone does, even before the name is read out, a girl from the back volunteers. She swaggers up to the stage, her long hair flowing behind her like a cape. She looks confident. Too confident. Especially when she turns and tells everyone that she's going to win this Games. Alryna soon moves on to the boys. Just as she's opening up the slip, I decide to copy Brooklyn. "I VOLUNTEER!" I shout. I make no haste in going up to the stage. Trying to look as confident as I can. As I jog up the steps, Alryna claps her hands in delight. "Ooh! Two volunteers before I even read out the name!" She exclaims excitedly. "This is definitely promising! So, what is your name then?" "Ren Elmwood" I pronounce clearly. "Well then, District One! Our two tributes;