This is a work of derivative fiction. I do not own the Harry Potter franchise - the canonical characters, locations and events are intellectual property of J. K. Rowling and various licensees. Harry Potter Necessary Evil Amelia Bones looked down on the unconscious form of the worlds most powerful wizard, deep in thought. Just hours ago, the young man before her had almost single-handedly won the war when he defeated the Dark Lord Voldemort and several of his most powerful followers in combat. He was a hero - no, the hero - and the public already celebrated him as such. Amelia sighed unhappily. Unfortunately, things were never as straightforward as she would have liked. Almost everyone believed the Dark Lord and Harry Potter to have been diametrically opposed in practically every way. A villain and a hero. Black and white. She herself had been the driving force behind a propaganda campaign to that end. Faced with the threat of Lord Voldemort, the people had needed someone to rally behind after Albus Dumbledore's death, and Harry Potter had been the only viable candidate. In truth, her plans had worked out beyond her wildest expectations. Harry had taken up the mantle of leadership with just the right mixture of charisma and humility, and the witches and wizards of Britain loved him for it. Unlike Dumbledore, who had been a fixture in the Magical World for decades, Harry Potter was a breath of fresh air: young, powerful, well-spoken, but still relatable and honest. His meteoric rise in power was all the more remarkable considering that up until a year ago, Harry Potter had been a complete unknown. True, everyone knew the legend of the Boy-Who-Lived, but Harry - as in the real person, not the legend - had remained out of the public eye for almost twenty years. But in a few short months, he first became the face of the Ministry, then the leader of the war effort. And today, he had become the hero who brought down Voldemort. And it was clear to everyone that he would not stop there. Harry Potter's was the face of the future. Right now, in the aftermath of his victory, Harry was virtually untouchable, politically speaking. He could declare himself Minister if he wanted to, and no-one would oppose him. Not that Amelia expected him to move quite so overtly, but the underlying issue remained. Even completely disregarding his magical abilities, Harry had just become most powerful wizard in Britain. And try as she might, she just couldn't trust him with that kind of position. Not anymore. And that was just the political side of the issue. Harry Potter's magical abilities had been suspect to much speculation over the years, but once he took an active role in the war, it became clear that there were very few wizards and witches who could oppose him. Amelia shivered as she recalled the fight that had lead to Lord Voldemort's ultimate defeat. Both Harry and the Dark Lord had wielded high-level magic with an ease that was utterly entrancing and at the same time intensely terrifying. She had thought of herself as an above-average witch, but seeing them had been humbling. However, witnessing that fight also incited the dilemma Amelia currently found her self in. She knew what she had to do. She had known from the moment she saw Harry get touched by the distinctive emerald light of a Killing Curse and walk away without a mark. She knew that only the most forbidden magic could bequeath one with immortality. Objectively, the decision was an easy one: Allow a potentially immortal dark wizard to assume a position of almost unprecedented power and influence, or prevent his rise while she still could. And yet, she still hesitated. If only she didn't actually like him. Initially, Amelia had been disinclined to work together with the young celebrity, fully expecting to be disappointed by the human behind the legend of the Boy-Who-Lived. However, Albus Dumbledore's death had forced her to take action, and she reluctantly reached out to Harry, hoping to prevent the collapse of their society. The world had needed a symbol of hope, and she had known that Harry could provide exactly that. She had been resigned to stand in the back and do most of the work, while he would be their cause's poster boy, credited with their victories. It had been a pleasant surprise to discover that he was not only everything she needed to rally the fickle and scared public behind her administration, but that he was actually willing to put in the work to earn the position he'd come to hold. She had learned, over months spent working together, that he was just as dedicated to the downfall of the Dark Lord as she was, having worked with Dumbledore to break his seeming immortality for years. She had reluctantly allowed him to join her forces in battle, only to see him subdue his opponents with an almost graceful ease. He was smart, resourceful and humble, and over time, she had come to appreciate and even respect him. Which made what she was about to do all the more difficult. Amelia sighed again, inwardly wondering whether the resentment she felt for herself was caused by her hesitation or by her betrayal. Was everything she knew about him a lie? She couldn't believe that, and yet, could she take the risk of being wrong? Was it an aspect of him she had ignored, because she saw him as a kindred soul? Was the use of forbidden magic reason enough to justify her betrayal of a close friend? Deep down, she already knew the answer to her questions. The war had taught her to do what was necessary, personal sentiments be damned. This was just another in a long line of such decisions. Head held high, Amelia Bones walked up the stage that had been erected in front of Gringotts. The news of the Dark Lord's defeat had spread like Fiendfyre, and Diagon Alley was packed with countless witches and wizards in the throes of celebration. It was a stark contrast to the darkest days of the war, when London's magical district had been all but abandoned. She reached the front of the stage, and took her position behind a lectern. Letting her eyes wander over the crowd in front of her, she recognized various local and international journalists, as well as some of her former friends and colleagues from the DMLE. Amelia raised her hand in greeting. Cheers reverberated through the Alley, punctuated by the characteristic whine and cracks of magical fireworks. After a few moments, she motioned for the crowd to quiet down. Steeling herself, she spoke. "Witches and Wizards of Britain. It is an distinct honour to stand before you here today, on the day that concludes an era of terror, fear and uncertainty, and to inform you that the threat to our community posed by the Dark Lord Voldemort and his followers has been averted." The assembled witches and wizards broke out into applause and cheering at her words, despite the news already being well-known. "Just hours ago, the forces of the Ministry engaged in a final battle against the Death Eaters and their allies, a battle from which they emerged victorious. The Dark Lord himself was defeated in combat by none other than Harry Potter, who went to truly tremendous lengths to ensure our victory today." When Amelia mentioned Harry, the crowd virtually exploded, the noise almost drowning out her magically amplified voice. Groups began chanting his name, and stylized lighting-bolts were drawn into to sky by admirers. It took almost a minute for everyone calm down again. Her voice turned sombre as she went on. "And yet, it is with a heavy heart that I returned from the field of battle. Too many brave witches and wizards gave their life today. Too many of us will never see their friends and loved ones, their brothers and sisters again. The price we paid is far too high, and though today will go down in history as the day of our ultimate victory, for many, like myself, it will remain a day of great loss." Her statement was met with silence. Amelia could see the unease spread through the audience. Taking a deep breath, and burying her guilt, she continued. "I would like to specifically speak out in remembrance of Harry Potter—" A collective intake of breath could be heard from the congregation before her. "—who sacrificed his own life to ensure the fall of the Dark Lord." The shock was almost palpable. This was supposed to be Harry's moment of triumph, she knew, the beginning of his era, even if no-one said it out loud. From the moment he stepped into the spotlight, he had built himself an image of a legend in the making, a wizard with a larger-than-life destiny. He had appeared unstoppable, and now he was gone. Dead. Slowly, people broke out of their daze. The alley filled with subdued whispers, interspersed with sounds of despair and muffled crying. As she looked out over the crowd, careful not to meet anyone's eyes, Amelia couldn't help but resent herself. With a single lie, she'd destroyed these people's dream for a different, a better world. The world that Harry was going to build. She wondered what they would do, were they aware of the truth. Burn down her office? Crucify her? Start another war? She shivered at the thought. Had someone told her a day ago that she would be part of a conspiracy to kill Harry, she would have thought them insane. And yet, here she was. Pushing her feelings to the back of her mind, she spoke up again, her words firm, but solemn. "Despite our Healers' best efforts, Harry Potter succumbed to the wounds he sustained when he issued the killing blow on Lord Voldemort. He stood as a shining beacon of light against the forces of darkness that threatened to overwhelm us. Without him, the Dark Lord would have stood unopposed, his resistance scattered and his reign absolute. Harry Potter was a great wizard, and a dear friend." Her speech went back on track after that, and Amelia spoke of peace, rebuilding and reconciliation, of tributes and monuments to the fallen, but she was just going through the motions now. Everything of importance had already been said. The audiences response was lacklustre, not that she had expected otherwise. She left immediately after her parting words. Saul Croaker, the director of the Department of Mysteries, fell in step beside Amelia as soon as she stepped out of the lift on level nine. Their footsteps echoed loudly in the oppressive silence that seemed to hang over the Ministry building tonight. The concrete hallways down here were a far cry from the casual opulence of the upper levels, but for once, she found the desolation and gloom appropriate. As she followed the Unspeakable to the ritual chamber, she tried once again justify to herself what she was about to do, with little success. Saul, seemingly able to read her mind, broke the silence between them. "You are doing the right thing." Was she? She didn't know anymore, not since the final battle. With a heavy sigh, she shook her head. "I am not." Her voice was weak, no more than a whisper. "But what else can I do?" Saul didn't comment on her admission. Suddenly very uncomfortable with the silence, she spoke up again. "The people who saw him at the hospital have been Oblivated?" The unspeakable nodded, then elucidated. "The records have been altered, and his death has been officially registered. There is a body in the morgue that for all intents and purposes belongs to Harry Potter. Right now, the two of us are the only ones aware of his continued survival. I intend to keep it that way." Amelia wondered whether she would still remember this