Hey everyone, this is Paradigm of Writing here with a brand new story idea of mine that is going to blow my mind for the sheer ridiculousness and size of it. I hereby call it, Primetime Hour , and that is thankfully to the fact I got reintroduced and binge-watched the HBO show The Newsroom a couple of days ago where I watched Seasons 2 and 3, fifteen hours in total, between two days and it downright filled me with a love for that type of drama. While the political topics often times careened into ways that certainly would upset people, the characters and dialogue downright made me enjoy every morsel and sound bite I heard. So thus this idea was born. Primetime Hour will be quite a long piece, breaking forty chapters if I can make it. The catch is that every scene in every chapter is no shorter than 3000 words. I may eventually have to break up bits into arcs, and make the chapters shorter as there's a word limit of 9k minimum that I plan on reaching every single chapter (though my optimal is 15k which is damn freaking huge, I know). This is a Rated M piece for primarily language, but just like in Nico di Angelo's Hopeless Guide to Love, this'll have the good ole Percy x Nico that I know everyone loves. Unfortunately, I've felt the need to entirely scrap my old piece Beautiful Bizarre that this is taking the place of, though I may eventually write that as well. Because of the word count demands I'm asking to give myself, chapters may take a very long time to make but enjoyable and fulfilling to read. I am writing the story in the present tense as I'm told it is my best style, I'll just have to learn on how to be able to change P.O.V's correctly. There will be OC's sprinkled out where there needs to be one, but every major character comes from the Olympian fandom clearly, and that is enough to rejoice as spinning canon is beyond fun. The excitement I'm feeling cannot be overstated, but I feel pumped for generally everything I do. Thank you very much for sticking with it, and enjoy Chapter #1: Beginning of the End, for Primetime Hour. Percy Jackson P.O.V "There's never enough silence..." That's the quote that rings through Percy Jackson's head on this particular night, a night where the crickets howl and the birds sing, where the rubber soles on his shoes wear into the tile like discarded globs of gum, where the headlights of the taxis below glow a serene violet than the typical fluorescent shower they decorate the streets with, and where all he wants to do is feel the wind in his hair while he sits out the hours after the broadcast. Even this far up he can hear the chattered buzzing, pedestrians moving to and from their work places, embracing the abandoned feel of the roads or shuddering heavily as the work pile for the evening is dropped into already tired and cramped hands. For Percy himself, he always finds himself taking to the roof and feeling as if he's interwoven between the fluffiness of the clouds and blinded by the stars above. This night has been particularly rough, and he knows all the bosses in the world at the right place and time will give him their two cents and he'll go trudging back to his vast apartment and want to drown in a black sludge that slightly resembles booze. He longs for a cigarette. Percy knows that his old boyfriends and girlfriends used to tell him never to smoke, as it makes the apparent wrinkles in his face poke through from constantly being overworked. The stress is evident, he feels it sag down on his shoulders and leave puncture wounds on the small of his back where when he's peeled back like an onion, layer after layer, there are marks pressed into the skin that break the epidermis and snag at his heart. He looks up at the stars, wistfully in fact - though he's done this a thousand times and has never stuck to a single word to cover the emotion he lives out - and for some reason this night hurts worse than all the others combined. Percy Jackson, and rightfully so at thirty-nine, can say that's he's amounted to quite a lot in his life. For being born and raised as a New Yorker is quite not enough, he has to go and propel himself to the top of the food chain; an action that takes years and by the time he's thirty he finds himself being the head anchor for the second largest news station in the continental United States. "Olympian News Network..." he whispers, where only the solemn stones and their crevices hear his words. Percy recalls, though the thought is faint as it has been quite awhile, that when he used to be a six year-old and sit on the living room floor of his quiet suburban house, he'd actually beg his father to put on the news every Saturday and Sunday evening. There he'd see titans - figuratively, not the actual Titans from the Titan Network - in business suits, sheer coats of black, dark navy blue, and brown do what they do best. Report the news and look hella good while doing it. He wants that to be his job, Percy decides randomly after a cold leftovers chicken dinner from three nights prior. There is rain pounding the windows, a shitty air signal going through outdoors from the satellite that still hasn't been paid for, and he's probably around the age of thirteen. He, like many thirteen year olds are having their mid-life teenage crisis, and for the fact he found out what job he wants to be his is the icing of the cake for it pushes him to be better than anyone... though his grades may not have shown that. Twenty-six years later, Percy is able to clap his hands together anytime the thought passes his mind. He's managed to give himself quite the good name and an even better reputation from his flashing smiles and the fact that he's able to charm just the pants off of near everyone, boy and girl alike. He blushes right up to his neck, and Percy remembers his first time having any sort of intimate relationship... and gods he does not want to go down that path again. He breaks away from the wall and runs a hand through his hair, taking another long sigh that is done through years and years of practice with cigarette smoke, and luckily for him he'll smoke away till his lungs dye black and then jumping off the Olympian Network's building perhaps won't be what kills him. Percy bites down on his tongue as he really, really doesn't want to think about tonight's broadcast and let his EP - Executive Producer's - words flow right down on his back. Except, he's not a rock where water only makes the surface smooth, but a china doll which collapses to the ground and shatters when someone ghostly glances it with a crooked finger. The woman's face, curled up and bent at his face while he tries debating with her the pros and cons of internet media, stays forever in his mind when she mentions the problem. Not only does she mention it, which Percy already feels bad at, but she runs with it and lets the world feel as if they should antagonize him about it too. Percy Jackson openly admits that he's bisexual, and generally feels no shame in living his life like the man he's supposed to be, doing it the way he wants. However, his guest, which he realizes he has forgotten the damn name to, does it just so that the twisting of the knife feels like the entire furnace of Hell has spilled onto his back, and Percy breaks. He balks back at her with a tartness in the tongue that is so sour that it makes his ears pop. Percy storms out of the studio, tearing his suit off with very little to no finesse, and then he sees the boss, the EP, and boy isn't a reckoning coming for him. Percy is a man of many words, but the face on Reyna Ramirez-Arellano's face is hardly something he knows how to describe. He's known her to constantly admire his showmanship and his effusive charm, and understands the integrity of journalism. But, her eyebrows are furrowed this time in anger and there's no brightness in her eyes except for the emotion of cold fury. " The world is cruel, Percy! She's one woman! That doesn't mean all of America finds you disgusting!" "I don't think you get it Reyna." "I do get it! You just told her off on our air! For calling yourself a professional, that seemingly fits the book definition of being quite the opposite over a personal trait! You've been doing this for six years with me and I've never seen you get unhinged like that. I'd really not like to write to the board of whatever group she belongs to in an apology. That just won't work!" "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Will you forgive me?" "Of course I forgive you, Percy. What do you expect me to do? I can't fire you for that. I just am unsure the audience at home will forgive you... and- well, we'll never get another source in that field of the ballpark ever again either..." "Look, tomorrow night will be much better. I promise." "You better. Unless you want the Titans gloating about in the Times, we make sure there's no collateral. Get some rest, Percy." "You know where I'm going Reyna. I always go to the roof." "Hopefully it'll fix you so Ares doesn't." For an odd reason, Percy feels ashamed in this singular moment on that issue. He's used to the negative press feed, clearly, but it reminds him of a time where there's less facial hair underneath his chin, and the fingers wrapped around his left hand aren't from his own. Percy breaks away from looking at the sky. Not tonight. But he cannot help himself. He does not want to think of him tonight. All of the ones, this is the worst. There's a smile full of teeth, a bite on his shoulder, a black tussle of hair similar to his own, and piercing white skin that blends in with the sheets. And Percy'd be damned if he ever forgets the fact he met his first boyfriend in a newsroom, inside a building specifically dedicated to the news. That's situational irony if he's ever heard of it. The conversation goes well over in his head, as he's tried replaying it a thousand times before. " I'm sorry. We just can't be together anymore." "... Percy? I don't understand." "It has never worked. On the surface, maybe, but not now. Not ever. You know that, at least deep inside." "Are you ashamed of us being together? Because I'm another man?" "Yes and-" "The public shouldn't give a fuck about that and you know it!" "But they do! They hate me for it, they just can't bring themselves to say it." "Don't be a coward. I thought those days were gone!" "I'm not a coward, and don't you dare accuse me of being one. I'm just taking the highroad." "The highroad? By dumping me in the middle of Times Square? Sounds quite all of my other relationships." "Just realize I'm not trying to be mean." "Not trying? I think you're quite succeeding!" "I'm sorry." "No you aren't." Percy's words hold up to this day. He's sorry, shit sorry, but nothing will ever get better for him he feels. He finds it odd when thinking about the parallels, that there's reflection in the first break-up to his real