Hey everyone, Paradigm of Writing here with a brand new story in the Percy Jackson fandom... *drum roll* Nico Di Angelo's Hopeless Guide to Love, one that I am super stoked about writing... and we've got Nico, Percy, Annabeth, Rachel, Luke, and Thalia all in one huge group of friends... AU of course. Nico and Percy are roommates, almost like a similar kind of set-up from Friends where each person in archetype. This kinda drops itself in the middle of the story, I am going to be telling it kind of backwards... ish. It's hard to explain, but I'm excited as this'll be my first Rated M fanfiction in awhile that I think I'm going to take seriously, like really serious and draw out on many and multiple things. I hope you enjoy Chapter #1: Loose Control, which drops us immediately into some trouble. Enjoy! Nico Di Angelo and Percy Jackson end up stumbling back to their apartment around two in the morning after the party has died a slow, painful death. Two A.M is practically early on New Year's Eve... or technically New Year's Day, but who gives a fuck. It's late. This is actually kind of pathetic; Nico's not even that tired, but after a miserable shit-show of an evening things just sort of fizzle out. He is at the very least thankful that he got to spend the horrific evening with his best friend. Also, he might be a little bit drunk. Okay, stupidly drunk. But he's not going to feel too bad about that, because Percy's drunk too—he has to be, because it's the only explanation for why he would ever kiss Nico. Back at the party, the youthful twenty something year-old gets accidentally pinned to the refrigerator by the taller, handsome best friend and before he can speak, Percy has connected his lips against Nico's in a quick, soft kiss, but it is enough to leave Nico's head spinning for the rest of the evening. The drive home had been extremely awkward though. The taste of it lingers in the back of Nico's throat like the warm tingle of whiskey. He's tried to wash it down, flush it out, but the foreign heat won't leave his lips. He can't help himself, the guy just has to think of the curved line of Percy's jaw, or the ripples underneath his shirt with those sharp emerald eyes and so much more luxuriousness he cannot wait to uncover. Percy's sliding out of his jacket like he has no idea that Nico's thinking about kissing him again. Of course he has no idea; these aren't the kind of thoughts he just blurts out loud because he likes to hear himself talk. So instead he blurts out something else, because Nico is nothing if not skilled at making things humiliating and awkward: "Why did you kiss me?" Of course, he slaps a hand over his mouth the second he gets, because fuck that really wasn't a good move. He waits, almost on the edge of infinity, for Percy to respond, but instead gets a reaction he sort of did not expect. Percy lifts an eyebrow, a flawed, yet gorgeous black eyebrow. "'Cause you wouldn't stop whining about getting kissed at midnight," He sort of shrugs, sees that Nico's waiting for him to elaborate. "Did you see any other volunteers?" There's a quiet stirring between them, and Percy decides to not add on the extra statement. You looked beyond pitiful, watching everyone share saliva, so maybe I could've been your superhero. Nico can't help but feel offended that he was kissed not only under the influence of alcohol, but also as an act of charity. Feels like grade school all over again, with girls that had frolicked pink ribbons in their heads, or with pursed lips that smelled like wine and tobacco. With minimal swaying, he sulks to the kitchen counter and plops down onto a barstool. The carpet looks like it's moving. "Hey, don't worry about it," Percy says, clapping a hand on Nico's shoulder. "This doesn't mean you're gonna have bad luck dating for the rest of the year." Oh, what the charmer? "That's what you got from that?" Nico just stares at him. Percy's known to sometimes be pretty dense, as he is of the male species after all, but... really ? It feels like the inappropriate thoughts swirling in Nico's head have formed some sort of radioactive barrier around him that's visible from space. Another minute of stilled silence flickers in the apartment, only accompanied by the innocuous ticking of the clock against the wall and the shuffling of feet on the carpet as Percy crosses his arms. The emerald eyed male narrows his eyes in that way of his when he's thinking really hard. "Wait, did it make you uncomfortable or something? I'm sorry if it did, wasn't my intention." "No!" Nico yells out a little too quickly, his face half blushing, half paling as that is the exact type of response he did not want. "No, no, the kiss was fine," He slides off of the barstool and finds his legs without too much levering. He takes a couple of steps toward his best friend, who's watching him with confused interest. "That's actually what I wanted to—" He stumbles forward into Percy's chest, but the emerald eyed man catches him and holds him upright before Nico ends up with his face in Percy's crotch. Wouldn't that be awkward? Nico is biting his tongue so he does not continue his thought of, It was more than fine, Percy. Euphoric. The insecure, neurotic part of his brain is passed out drunk right now, so Nico decides he's going to take advantage of this fleeting confidence while it lasts. "I want you to kiss me again." Everything slows down for a second like an insect doused in amber. That sounds bad, but at the same time, Nico Di Angelo is known by all of his friends to sometimes be a hopeless romantic. This has to be one of those times. Percy stares at him for a moment, his brow furrowed in confusion. It's an expression that Nico is very familiar with; he's seen Percy look at particularly challenging crossword puzzles the same way. Percy's dyslexia messes up the paper a lot, and usually he'll just give up. "Nico, you're drunk." There's nothing hard in Percy's voice, but his eyes seem steely, differing from the usual benevolent and warm glow they exude. Strange. "You're not wrong, but"—Nico takes a deep breath through his nose—"oh my God, you smell amazing." A strong scent of cologne hits him, and for a split second Nico's floating until the best guy in perhaps all of the world brings him back down to Earth. Percy gives him a proud, grateful smile. "Thanks! But it's nothing special. Just the same aftershave I always use," Then he frowns, like he's angry at himself for being distracted by the compliment. "Wait, how come you want me to kiss you again?" "Because I liked it, okay?" he answers a little too defensively. "Because I liked it and it's New Year's Eve and our dates bailed on us and we're alone and you're really attractive and why not?" It comes out in a flood of words that Percy doesn't seem to be following. All there is after Nico blurts perhaps the most pathetic excuse he's ever uttered in his entire life is Percy, eyebrows furrowed, mouth parting open to try and say something, but he's stuck at step two while the smaller roommate is on step twenty-five, which yes does entail both men getting undressed. There's a long moment of silence where Nico gets to enjoy the echoes of his stupid words as if they haven't just ruined his entire life. Why does he let his brain talk him into things? He's never drinking again. Or smoking. Or probably ever showing his face around New York again, maybe the world. "Actually, I think it's New Year's Day," Percy says, sounding blankly unmoved by Nico's word-vomit. The green eyed man is unsure exactly how to take all of this. It's new. Too brand new. He curls his fingers in Percy's shirt, which only draws his attention to the fact that he can see ridges and curves and muscle through the material. Damn it, this is not helping. The rigidness of the Grand Canyon, that breaking smile of pallid teeth, the eyebrows, and once again those soft lips. "Never mind. I'm an idiot. Forget I said anything. I should've stopped talking five minutes ago," Nico shoves himself away from Percy and starts moving toward the first door he sees. "I'm just—I'm just gonna go to bed now, and we can forget this ever happened and get on with our lives." He's in the middle of turning the doorknob on the front door when a warm hand eclipses his own. "Your bedroom's that way," Percy reminds him, tipping his head in the opposite direction that Nico's going. The heat is almost causing Nico to erect right then and there, but he has no idea why body heat of all things is getting him stimulated and stirred up. Almost out of a horrible porn video or something. "I knew that. I was just—" Nico turns his body around, and Percy's right there , watching him with appraising eyes—then he's pushing his mouth over Nico's. Percy Jackson, Percy Fucking Jackson is kissing Nico Di Angelo. For a second time, and definitely not accidental. Oh, gods. Nico sort of gasps around the kiss, making Percy nudge him back against the door, their mouths still latched. Nico feels a surge of panic, because there's definitely something hard against his thigh, and he's fairly sure it's not Percy's wallet. He's trying not to think about that, but through the boozy haze the realization hits him that he's kissing his ridiculously attractive roommate who might just be fully hard. That can just be tacked at the very top of the list he makes about the impossible things before breakfast, like Alice would in Wonderland... except it meant that Percy Jackson would top the entire list. Percy reaches out and palms the sides of Nico's face, pulling him forward to deepen the kiss. Nico hums a moan. "This is really good," he murmurs around Percy's mouth, because that's something he has to say out loud. The words make Percy pull away, and Nico has no idea what he did wrong. "And you're stopping. Why are you stopping? Was it because I started talking? 'Cause I can... not do that." This is not helping the situation. ABORT! Abort you stupid fucking idiot. Percy shrugs in a way that's self-conscious and lost, and it makes Nico's chest hurt. "I didn't think I'd wanna do it again, y'know? It's like I was kissing a woman—" "I'm going to let that one slide," Nico warns. "But I was kissin' you, too!" Percy squirms, his gaze flickering back to Nico. "Okay, I liked it a lot, alright? 'Cause it's you, y'know, and that's pretty great, but it's you and that's also sorta weird!" He's gesturing in a way that Nico guesses is supposed to mean something. The flailing of limbs reminds Nico of himself, and he can't help but grin, before catching hold of the words. This 'gay' stuff is getting his best friend, and perhaps his crush, all bugged out and that will not be a fun time for either of them. "So, what, do you just wanna pretend this never happened, or..." It's a wonder he manages to say that much before his throat swells. Percy hesitates for what feels like the longest five seconds of Nico's life, his emerald eyes swimming in a sea of confusion and sadness. He can only stare at Nico's befuddled face, the cute jut of the jaw, those eyes, those eyes. Percy swallows before kissing him again, and this time there's a rougher edge to it.