Update 7/1-17: Corrected a few name errors. Thanks to the guest reviewer who alerted me. Next chapter is up tomorrow. Gran Canaria, located just outside the coast of north western Africa, is a popular muggle vacation resort. This was the resort Harry and Alice Potter had chosen as the family vacation during the middle of the spring semester at Hogwarts. They had chosen a five star muggle hotel, one of the most exclusive of the entire island. But this being low season they were basically alone and had the hotel for themselves as well as the adjacent pool area. Due to the low demand they were being able to get the top floor suites at the hotel with an amazing view of the shimmering North Atlantic Ocean from their balconies. Alice Potter and Harry Potter, the vanquisher of the Dark Lord Voldemort and one of the most powerful as well as rich families in magical Britain walked hand in hand towards the pool were their children were playing with a volleyball. Their youngest kids, twins and 13 year old, were named James and Lily. The second oldest of the children, Catherine, was 15 years old and attending the 5th year of Hogwarts. Finally, their oldest child was named Sirius and had just turned 16. Harry and Alice had decided to honor their parents, whom all died on that fateful night in Godric's Hallows where Voldemort had attempted to kill Harry and Alice at the mere age of one, by naming their children after them. Being magically powerful neither Alice nor Harry looked a day above 25 despite having four children and being 36 years old. Both Alice and Harry were tall, 5'9 and 6'3 respectively, as well as physically well endowed, Alice had a long mane of golden hair reaching halfway down her back, and large, round breasts. Her stomach were flat from countless hours of Quidditch at Hogwarts during her teens as well as from regularly working out at the gym in their mansion back in Britain. She had a muscular round rear and long powerful legs. Her hips swayed confidently as she walked towards the edge of the pool and dove into the pools deep section, making sure to splash some water onto their eldest son Sirius, whom let out an indignant noise. "Get over to the other side of the volleyball net Sirius, let's play a game of volleyball, kids versus grownups" Alice ordered her oldest son. "You think you got a chance mum?" Sirius taunted her. "Yeah mum, you and dad are going to lose sooo bad" Lily grinned at her parents. "I don't think so honey" Alice winked at her youngest daughter. Harry laughed from the poolside before he jumped in right beside his wife, causing a large amount of water to splash into her face. "Retard" Alice hissed good naturedly as she poked her husband just below his ribs before gliding her hand over his muscular chest playfully. After frequent workouts at their gym at home Harry could boast with a 230 pound weight and being able to bench press more than 400 pounds without the aid of magic. The game went on for approximately half an hour. If a muggle would have watched he would have been amazed at the gameplay, with some spectacular shots being made from both sides of the net. Some of the shots seemed to defy the physical laws, which obviously would have raised questions if any observant muggle would have watched the game. However, there were most certainly some use of magic such as levitating being used or alternation of the balls path. The game however ended with a win for the adults as Harry froze his kids into place with a simple wave of his hand, allowing Alice to serve the game winning point with no one to return the hit. Their kids protested loudly, demanding a rematch. Alice however had different plans for the upcoming hour and promised them a rematch later, after dinner, and without any use of magic. "So what exactly is on your mind honey?" Harry asked his wife from the edge of the pool. Alice swam over to Harry and pushed him up against the wall of the pool. She made sure the kids weren't looking at them before she placed her small hand on his muscular thigh as she pushed herself up against her husband. "This" she leered at her husband before she abruptly reached into Harrys shorts and grabbed his large flaccid penis. "Really, I thought you were satisfied for the day after this morning Alice" Harry leered back. "It looks like you have filled up again" Alice winked at Harry as she squeezed his massive balls. Catherine watched from the sofa she was reading in as her parents got out of the pool and heading back to the hotel. Her eyebrows rose slightly as her father grabber her mother's left large clothed breast and gave a squeeze. Alice just laughed and before long they were out of her sight. She shrugged and went back to reading her book on Muggle Investment and Corporate Finance. Her parents spent the weekdays managing their assets, which included real estate, stocks, bonds as well as commodities such as gold and silver. While they had the majority of their assets in the magical world, they also had a considerate wealth under management in the muggle world. According to them, the muggles had far superior knowledge of economics, which was the reason she at the moment read a well-known book on the topic from a famous muggle university. She and her older brother Sirius intended to start working at their family enterprise after graduation, and thus spent their summer learning as much as they could about finance and economics. Alice and Harry had barely made it up to the bedroom in their suite before Harry pushed Alice up against the wall, roughly kissing her. She responded equally roughly and pushed her hip into his. Alice groaned into Harrys mouth as she felt his large erection growing and grinded against it. Harry growled as he picked her up and threw her on the bed. He undid her bra, exposing her ample, firm breasts. He bent down and kissed each breast before he licked her small pink areola around her nipple on her right breast and took her erect nipple into his mouth, gently sucking on it. This caused a surge of pleasure in her breast making her moan loudly. Alice flicked her small hand and wandlessly vanished her husband's bathing trunks. She grabbed her husband's veiny shaft and moved her hand in long movements over the skin as Harry grunted in pleasure against her right breast. She let her hand skim down to his large, hairless balls as she massaged him. Her arousal burned between her legs as she thought of the release of the content into her snatch later on. Harry pulled back and ripped her panties apart, exposing the perfectly smooth area between Alice legs. Despite having seen his wife naked thousands of time he stared unabashedly at her pink lips. Alice grinned at his husbands reaction before she lifted her hips slightly to align her entrance to his penis and licked her lips in anticipation. Harry grabbed his long shaft, playfully running the large head against her sensitive lips, causing Alice to moan loudly. He slowly inserted his penis into her snatch, marveling at the tightness and warm wetness. Alice eyes rolled back into her head as she moaned loudly as his large erection entered her snatch inch for inch. She could feel every vein of his penis and one second later he was buried to the hilt, his head pressed against her cervix. Only his large balls hung outside, resting against her arsehole. Harry pulled out nearly all the way before he established a moderate pace, the sound of Alice loud moans of pleasure and the slapping of their skin echoing in the bedroom. He stared at her round breasts moving up and down along with his thrusts. His penis were soaked with her arousal and he moaned at the sight of his long shaft appearing and disappearing into his wife's snatch. After five minutes he pulled out of her and started to suck on her right breast. Alice, however, was impatient and flipped them over so she was on top. She reached down and placed his erection against her arsehole, allowing an inch to glide inside her buttocks before she winked at him and placed it back at her vaginal entrance and sunk down. "Maybe next time" she grinned at her husband as she rode him slowly. Harry growled and grabbed her hip, holding her still as he increased the pace and enjoyed the increase in frequency his wife moans. Catherine had just finished the chapter she was reading. Two of the few muggles that reside at the hotel had walked past her as she lay down in the sofa enjoying the sun. Both had given her a weird look as they walked past. She couldn't figure out why. That was until she walked up to the swimming pool to cool down her warm body. As the image of her body was reflected in the water as she approached, there was no mistake that her hair had been turned green. Bright green. She looked at Sirius, but he was currently busy watching the television in the same sofa group she had been relaxing in. She tried a few simple wandless charms to turn her hair back, such as Finite Incantatem . It didn't work. Catherine turned her glare at the twins, whom both tried to look innocent as they met her eyes. It didn't work though as she immediately started to pursue them. She knew she couldn't use any magic in the front of muggle witness. But that didn't stop her from using weak wandless spells that went unnoticed. As she chased her younger siblings across the pool area she focused on the air in front of James and Lily's feet and with some focus conjured invisible ropes around their ankles. The results were immediate as they collapsed on top of each other and rolled into the adjacent bubble pool. She stepped into the pool in front of them and glared. "Turn it back" Catherine hissed. "We can't" they chorused. "What do you mean you can't"? Catherine said as she walked towards them, sending a wandless tickling charm at her younger siblings. They just barely managed to dodge it. "Umm, it was accidental magic?" Lily replied, looking nervously at her angry looking older sister. "We were discussing which hair color would suit you the best", Lily grinned at her twin brother. "And then suddenly your hair color changed". James exclaimed, giving his twin a smug look. Catherine believed their story, it sounded like accidental magic as she would otherwise have been able to reverse a simple coloring charm. She had just started to work on spell creation and spell analysis but as she made a quick screen of the spell she could tell that it was completely unorganized and unstructured, telltale signs of accidental magic. Her siblings was probably starting to develop their affinity for wandless magic, just like she and Sirius had done at their age. Despite this, she wouldn't let them off so easily. She once again summoned invisible ropes that bound them against the wall of the bubble pool. It would have been easy for the twins to reverse the charm. That is, if they would have had access to their wands. Catherine then focused hard and with a wave of her hand a large wave appeared at the opposite edge of the pool where Lily and James were bound. Their eyes widened as the wave quickly approached them before slamming into them, completely soaking their upper bodies in cold water, causing them both to yelp. Catherine had no choice but to seek out her parents to help