" Is it a book that you would even wish your wife or your servants to read?" Mervyn Griffith-Jones, prosecution, Lady Chatterly trial. King Elessar Telcontar's reign was a time of peace and plenty throughout Gondor. But besides the more material comforts afforded by the end of war, it led to an unprecedented flowering of culture and the arts within the realm, an age of wisdom and creativity which could only be described with one word: renaissance. Furthermore, thanks to the tireless work of the King, his Elven Queen and the Steward, this renaissance was not confined only to the upper echelons of society. Faramir in particular had presided over the building and opening of schools throughout the realm to ensure that even the lowliest of peasants could send his children to be educated and receive a basic training in reading and writing. Coupled with this was the introduction, from the distant lands of the East, of a device which enabled script to be carved onto wooden blocks which were then pressed against inked pads. This allowed many copies of works to be made at low expense. The combined result of this technical innovation and of the new schools was an explosion in use of the written word. The sudden growth in literacy of the population had led to some unexpected consequences. Not all of the written material in circulation could be described as "a flowering of culture." There were for instance, the political pamphlets. And the salacious sheets of gossip (frequently headed with a red band to draw attention to their subject matter). And then other works... The housekeeper at Emyn Arnen waged a constant war against the moral dissolution wrought by the "other works". She complained endlessly to Éowyn that such works put ideas into the heads of scullery maids and turnspits, and could only lead to one thing... here her voice dropped to an outraged whisper, as if the mere mention of the words would soil her: "Babies, My Lady, babies. And out of wedlock." The White Lady stifled a smile as she thought back to Elboron's arrival, a mere seven months after her own wedding. And of the memory of Ioreth's face as she held the squalling babe. The healer's eyebrows had risen, and she had commented dryly that the Valar could be thanked, for the Steward's heir was large, hale and healthy, despite his prematurity. In fact, a shade larger than, and every bit as hale and healthy as many a full term bairn she had helped to birth... Looking at her outraged housekeeper once more, Éowyn reflected that human nature all by itself was quite capable of leading to that outcome, and was not actually in that much need of aid from the written word. The housekeeper's moral indignation reached a head one night a week or so later, when she summoned "'Is Lord and 'Er Ladyship to follow me, if you please," and led them out to the stables where they came upon a stable hand enthusiastically tupping the second housemaid. The housekeeper gave a huge bellow, the housemaid shrieked, the stable hand turned scarlet. The two miscreants scrambled to their feet, hastily grabbing garments, the young man's 'pintel' now wan and dangling. Nothing , thought Éowyn, Quite like the unexpected arrival of your liege-lord and his lady to cause an instant departure of blood from the important areas! The housekeeper boxed both the offenders' ears, and as they stood rubbing them, pride smarting almost as much as their tingling faces, she then turned to the Prince and Princess of Ithilien and said, "I told you it was them disgusting books as were to blame. I insist you let me dispose of the depraved filth." "Well..." said Faramir, cautiously (having no wish to have his own ear boxed: in her present mood he wouldn't put it past the housekeeper), "I'm not sure I approve of destroying books, whether or not one disapproves of the content..." He quailed slightly under the housekeeper's fearsome glare. "But we'll have a look at them and see whether they really are likely to deprave the servants." ~o~O~o~ And that, in a nutshell, is how Éowyn and Faramir found themselves in their chambers with a stack of badly printed, badly bound books with the most extraordinary titles. The truly terrifying thing about the books was that a lot of them seemed to take as their starting point the famed story of the bold and beautiful shieldmaiden from the North who killed the Witch King, and her love for (and passionate kiss with) the handsome young Steward of Gondor. Faramir picked up the topmost book. " Surrender to the Steward ," he read. Éowyn gave an involuntary shudder, which wasn't that sort of shudder, but an entirely less erotically charged variety. However, Faramir continued, inadvertently lightening the mood: "It's rather thick, isn't it?" Eowyn cackled with glee. "Not from the brief glimpse I got before he pulled his small clothes back on. I rather think I have the better of the bargain!" Faramir rolled his eyes. "The book, my wild Shieldmaiden, the book!" "Ah, the book," said Éowyn, in a tone of false naivety, before adding, "Let's find the naughty bits." "Which naughty bits," said Faramir, with a knowing grin. "The book's, or mine?" Éowyn snorted, and pulled the book from his grasp. Faramir continued, "That's where the thickness becomes a problem... the book's, that is, not mine. I know you've never found mine a problem." "Modesty becomes you," said Éowyn, pursing her lips and giving a tiny shake of her head. "The trouble with being a scholar is that you feel duty bound to read things carefully." She held the book, its spine in her palm, and ran her thumb across the edge of the pages before allowing it to fall open at a natural point of weakness. "See, they always fall open at the naughty bits," she said triumphantly. Faramir tried to grab the book back from Éowyn, who danced away from him, holding it high above her head. In response he gave chase, and the pair circled the bed, Éowyn turning and slipping out of his grasp until finally with a desperate lunge, Faramir got his arm round her waist and picked her up. Then (in one of the bits they don't tell you about in such books) he promptly lost his balance. The two of them toppled onto the bed with a "whumpf". The Steward (the real one) somehow twisted as they fell, and managed to land on top. With lightning quick reflexes, he snatched the book with one hand and managed to pin both her wrists above her head with the other. "Well, well," he said, with a grin that promised considerably more than just some mutual joking, "It seems that..." and the tone of his voice shifted slightly as he began to read, " She lay powerless beneath him..." Éowyn lay looking up at him, her eyes dancing with a mixture of laughter and hopeful lust. To emphasise the point, she arched her back and pushed up against him, rocking her hips against his. This drew a slight moan from Faramir, before he shook his head slightly and moved his body a shade away from hers. Éowyn frowned: she could feel the heat radiating from his body, even if it was no longer weighed on top of her. She wriggled, trying to get him to press against her once more. "Not so fast," said Faramir, waving the book, a positively saturnine twinkle in his eye. "We have to do it correctly... by the book. But I think I need to go back a bit and start from the beginning of the scene." He looked at the text, winced, then began to declaim theatrically, " With a swift movement of his blade, he severed the laces on her dress. .." Éowyn snorted with disgust. "Like you'd ever manage that without me parrying the stroke..." Faramir lent forward and brushed his lips against hers, whispering, "Shush... I was reading... The silk slipped over her curvaceous hips and pooled about her on the floor ..." He felt Éowyn's lips turn up into a smile beneath his, and the huff of her breath against his mouth as she began to speak. "Pooled on the floor - sounds more like a childbirth scene. Did my waters just break?" At this comment, Faramir buried his face in Éowyn's shoulder and shook with laughter. Eventually he managed to continue, somewhat breathlessly. "How am I meant to get you in the mood if you don't take this seriously? Pooled about her on the floor. He drank in the beauties of her form, before lowering his head, caressing her breast, then laving her rose-pink nipple with his tongue. She gave a deep, throaty sigh ..." Éowyn gave a deep guffaw at this point. Faramir tutted in mock exasperation, let go of her wrists and put his finger to her lips. "Stop interrupting. ... A deep, throaty sigh. Encouraged, he bit down on her nipple, eliciting a siren-like moan of pleasure... " "Eliciting a right hook, more like! Never was my thing, and after feeding Elboron at seven months when he was cutting teeth, there's no way any man over the age of two, even you, my beloved, is going to get their teeth anywhere near my nipples." "Can we compromise?" asked Faramir, raising one eyebrow. He lowered his head to her chest then, taking one of the laces of her dress in his mouth and tugging gently at it, continued in a slightly muffled murmur, "Teesh on the lacings, shen I get to lave your roshe-pink nipples wish my tongue?" He tilted his head and peeped up at her. "I always got the impression you liked a bit of laving ." Éowyn gave an amused groan and swatted him playfully on the head before taking advantage of his new position to recapture the book. He gave her a sidelong look as somehow he managed to get the laces undone, and proceeded to nuzzle his way into the hollow between her breasts, making "mmm" noises as he went, each one of which made Éowyn giggle more at the ridiculous situation. Eventually he managed to free one breast from her underdress – Éowyn snorted with laughter as she realised she wasn't sure whether this had been achieved with his teeth or his nose. Faramir surveyed his prize. "Hmm... rose pink? Or maybe fuschia? Or perhaps pink geraniums?" The corner of his mouth twitched as he tried desperately to keep a straight face. "Do I get to play this game too? Let me see, what flower is closest in colour to your cock when it's hard... All the veins stand out... Lavender? Maybe bougainvillea?" "Oh, my lady wife, that is a low blow. Surely you cannot..." Faramir twisted his neck to get a glimpse of the book, then said, "you cannot be likening my hardened manhood to a bougainvillea?" Eowyn gave an evil smile. "Well, the book keeps referring to my fanny as my tenderest flower , so I don't see why you shouldn't have to put up with botanical metaphors too. Besides which, you just compared my tits to bloody geraniums." At this, Faramir lost his composure once more, and buried his face in the pillow, making helpless snorting noises. Eowyn seized the opportunity to reach for the laces on Faramir's breeches, and with a deftness borne of long practice had them round his ankles in a trice. "Why, I do believe your bougainvillea may be ready to seek out my tender flower," she said, before adding only moments later, "Oh dear, it seems to have just wilted!" "It's upset because you called it a bougainvillea," said Faramir, slightly huffily. "It's hardly likely to throb along its masculine length if it gets called names like that." "Would it help if I watered it with the fount of my womanly centre ?" asked Éowyn. "Uinen's tits,