The Princeling Bugger my cursed pride. Éowyn sat down heavily on the edge of the narrow bed. What was I thinking of? Now I don't have a blessed clue what's going on. She'd done it, she realised, for a mixture of reasons. Part of it was pride: I learned the language at my mother's knee – I should be able to converse. Part of it had been a misplaced diplomatic urge. With Éomer away... don't let me dwell on where, oh gods, keep me from thinking of that... I am the representative of the Riddermark. I need to show them that we are a civilised nation. And part of it had been a wish to attain a certain gravitas, partly with a view to getting her plea taken seriously. If I speak Westron, they will hear my Eorling accent and think I am a barbarian, uncivilised, stupid even. Learned at my mother's knee. Aye, there was the rub. Learned – in the sense of knowing the words for "doll", and "pretty ribbons", and "horsey", and the occasional more complicated sentence such as "Éomer broke my toy sword so I bit him."More grown-up vocabulary was a bit of a problem, grammar more of a problem, gender (which her own language did not have) an almost insoluble problem, and as for the complex inflections which conveyed the nuances of social position and hierarchy – well that was simply disastrous. So Éowyn had gone to see the warden, had attempted to converse with him in her rudimentary Sindarin, had demanded an audience with the current de facto ruler of the Citadel, and had achieved her aim: the audience was later this afternoon. And now she hadn't a clue who it was she was going to meet. She tried to go through the possibilities. At one point, Prince Imrahil of Dol Amroth had been in charge: that much she was certain of. But it seemed he had gone to the Black Gate, to fight alongside Éomer and Aragorn. There had been something confusing about the older steward and the younger steward, and one of them was ill, lying feverish and unconscious. It really made no sense. She thought that one of Imrahil's sons was perhaps left in charge – she hadn't been sure about the ending of the word – princeling perhaps? Some sort of diminutive, perhaps. Maybe it was the youngest. He had been hovering in the background when Éomer came to bid her farewell. A handsome, slightly rakish young man, dark hair tied back in a careless braid, aquiline nose, grey eyes, a bearing which suggested he thought a lot of himself. With good reason, from what Éomer had told her of the battle. But she wasn't going to make a fool of herself over a pretty face yet again. She'd tried to clarify the situation, asking if the "prince" was "young", only to have the Warden look at her in amused surprise and repeat the diminutive "princeling". Oh well, she supposed she would soon find out who she needed to persuade to lend her a horse, armour and a sword. ~o~O~o~ It was all Éowyn could do not to laugh. "Princeling!" The woman before her was tall – almost as tall as Éowyn herself – and elegant, beautiful even. She wore a dark blue overdress above a fine lawn blouse, with a sword within a jewelled scabbard hanging from the belt around her waist. Éowyn's eyes flicked to the hilt of the sword. Bound with leather which bore the polished, worn indentations of fingers – this was no piece of idle display but a weapon well and regularly used. She looked up at the woman's face to see the mirror of her brother and father's faces: the same hawk-like nose and grey eyes, albeit with (she thought) a keener intelligence than the young man. A delicate, slightly pointed chin, with a finely delineated jaw. No beard, of course. (Why on earth had she even had that ridiculous thought? Éowyn felt like pinching herself at the strange way her mind was meandering – she put it down to being entirely flummoxed by the discovery that the "princeling" was a princess). As her own mind whirred like a child's top spinning out of control, the intelligent grey eyes looked at her levelly, with a regard which seemed to assess, interrogate and regard with compassion all at once. It was an altogether quite unnerving experience. When, some half an hour or so later, Éowyn finally escaped from her encounter with the Princess, she returned to her room feeling quite drained. It was not just the physical strain of the encounter (though her arm had begun to throb painfully half way through), but the emotional effort of defending what she now realised to be an entirely unreasonable position, and the intellectual effort of trying to construct arguments to shore up that defence in the face of what she realised was an overwhelmingly superior opposing force. Gently – annoyingly gently – the other woman had pointed out to her the futility of seeking to ride out after the host. Even were it not for her broken arm (which made the undertaking absurd), they were already so far away as to make catching them a hopeless endeavour. Sadly, Éowyn was forced to admit her folly, and the only concession she had wrung out of the Gondorian was a window that faced East. And she'd paid a price to obtain even this meagre concession. The Princess, as she now knew her to be, had made her promise to share her midday meal and afterwards take a short turn around the gardens each day. ~o~O~o~ Lothíriel sat in her characteristic pose, legs twined round one another almost like a corkscrew, hands tightly clasping her elbows. Every so often, one of her hands would fly from its resting place, make an expansive gesture to underline whatever it was she was saying at the time, then return to its original position, tightly coiled and ready for the next dramatic moment in the discourse. If she had had to describe the princess to a third party, Éowyn was sure she would have reached diplomatically for the word "slender" to capture the other woman's physique, but in truth the word which more naturally popped into her head was "angular." Not that it mattered. It struck her that "slender" was the word one would use to underline another woman's marriageability – one could, after all, be slender and yet still have the sort of curves that (if her recollections of soldiers' banter was anything to go by) men found attractive. But as far as Éowyn was concerned, "angular" was more interesting: somehow it betokened strength, and an uncompromising individuality. Not only that: it seemed to match her spiky, ferocious, deeply articulate intelligence. And Lothíriel was ferociously intelligent. She often appeared at their lunchtime meetings with a book tucked under her arm, and Éowyn had, within a few days, ceased to be amazed by the breadth of things that captured Lothíriel's interest: statecraft (naturally), military tactics, poetry in ancient Elvish languages, the construction and more importantly breaking of ciphers for sending secret messages, even the geometrical basis of ballistics. What was more impressive was that the woman from the sea could often summarise the contents in a way that Éowyn could follow – she had a knack for an apt metaphor, a telling analogy. Though (and Éowyn found that she was warmed by a quiet pride at the thought of this) when she had hesitantly complimented the princess on this ability, Lothíriel had responded by saying that it was easy to come up with an explanation when one's audience was intelligent and quick on the uptake. But she was also a woman of deep emotions – whether talking with yearning of the towering windswept cliffs and crashing waves of the Dol Amroth coast, or with anxiety of the progress (or lack of it) of her beloved cousin, Faramir. She had spent many hours beside his bed, trying to make light of her dedication by claiming that she only did it so that Faramir's wife, Linneth, could snatch a few hours' sleep. "For otherwise, she would not sleep at all, and she is near exhaustion with the effort of it all – and all that with a toddler tugging at her skirts, and another on the way." But today, the tightly coiled figure was topped by a face which bore a radiant smile. "It is as the Lord Aragorn said: having been roused from his coma, what we have seen these last few days has been in fact a natural, healing sleep as his body recovers from the ravages of the black breath. And he is very much himself – tired, obviously, but just as sharp in mind, and as thoughtful and quietly wise as ever." Lothíriel's joy was infectious. Éowyn felt the corners of her mouth turn upwards in an answering smile. ~o~O~o~ Lothiriel's description was so vivid: a vast green wave, rising out of the sea as it approached the shore, smooth, menacing, surging in inexorably. Then washing over the whole city – palaces and houses alike, temples, courts, libraries. The city was completely submerged, lost forever beneath the deep grey-green sea. "Those of my family who have the sight – we all of us have this dream from time to time. And that is what these gathering black clouds makes me think of. That great wave sweeping all before it, destroying the world. I fear we face darkness inescapable." Lothíriel shivered as she looked out over the darkened plain. For the first time since meeting her, Éowyn sensed a vulnerability hiding beneath the tempered steel strength. "Surely you don't really think the darkness is inescapable?" Éowyn said. All at once, a strange whimsy came upon her: Lothíriel was a couple of fingers' breadths smaller than Éowyn, and the taller woman was struck by a sudden, unexpected surge of protectiveness. Without thinking, Éowyn cast her arm about Lothíriel's shoulders and drew her tight against her. "Lothíriel, I do not think that any darkness can endure," she whispered. "My very dear friend." With these words she pressed a gentle, sisterly kiss upon the other's brow. And at that moment, the clouds parted, and an eagle flew down from the sunlit sky above, crying, "Rejoice, all ye citizens of Minas Tirith. The dark tower has fallen and the shadow is departed." ~o~O~o~ Éowyn awoke from a fitful sleep. The bedclothes were tangled round her legs. For a moment or two she lay there, consumed by a sense that the world had been turned completely upside down, that reality was out of kilter. Then, a fragment at a time, the dream came back to her. She had been standing on the walls, looking over the parapet. "The view is so beautiful." Lothíriel's low, melodic voice had come from behind her. "It is... I miss the swaying grass as far as the eye can see, but Gondor and this view of the mountains... it is beautiful too." She had sensed, rather than heard, Lothíriel's approach. Suddenly, arms had enfolded her waist, and the Gondorian had tucked her chin over Éowyn's shoulder. Thoughts had tumbled through Éowyn's mind, one after another, in quick succession, too quickly to make any sense at all. But I am a woman... she is a woman... Her arms are so nice, so comforting... Could I, should I... feel desire for another woman? And instantly, the warm urgent need in her belly had answered that question, and the voice in her head had said All will be well. All will work just as it should... And before she could even make sense of this, Lothíriel's voice had murmured in her ear. "It was the nearer view I meant. The view that is so very beautiful." And Lothíriel, standing on tiptoe, pressed her cheek against Éowyn's. Then, turning very slightly, soft lips had brushed against her