Redware A birthday present for Sian. She was so beautiful, as striking as that first day in the garden when he had turned to see her standing tall and slender, her gold hair falling round her like flowing water, her face pale, almost luminous. She had taken his breath away then, and she still did so now. Faramir looked across the room at Éowyn. She was deep in conversation with his Aunt. He found himself smiling. Somehow he doubted that his wild shieldmaiden had a great deal in common with that pillar of the Gondorian establishment, the Lady Ivriniel. But Éowyn was clearly trying hard to engage, and, to do his aunt justice, it did look as though Ivriniel was for once prepared to let her interlocutor get the occasional word in edgeways. He thought back to the previous night's dinner. How different she had looked while talking to his uncle, sparkling wit and intelligence shining forth. But then she and Imrahil had been engrossed in a lively discussion of military tactics. Éowyn had outlined her views on mounted warfare, which, given that Imrahil had at his disposal the finest cavalry in Gondor, inevitably led to certain differences of opinion. Faramir had watched with as much attention as he would have given to a well-matched fencing match as the two of them engaged in verbal combat, both defending their position to the hilt, neither prepared to give an inch. But he had been able to tell that the argument was being conducted with good humour, and could see Éowyn's delight in encountering that rare beast (at least in his experience of the Gondorian court), a man prepared to treat her as his intellectual equal. His uncle in turn had talked of naval strategy, which clearly fascinated Éowyn, coming as she did from a land-locked nation. Faramir had been content to act as spectator, admiring both the keen wit Éowyn brought to bear in supporting her arguments, and the passionate light of battle in her eyes when she had to defend her own viewpoint. He had been amused when later that evening Imrahil, skilfully separating him from the throng for a moment, congratulated him on his good fortune. His uncle, a noted admirer of the female sex, had indicated his opinion that Faramir had somehow managed to find himself a "magnificent woman," the clear implication being that his nephew was somehow playing well out of his league. Faramir grinned as he recalled this comment. He would not admit to it under pain of torture, for he would never hear the end of it from either Imrahil or his cousins, but he had to concede that he believed there to be a lot of truth in this view. He wondered whether Imrahil would now say what he had said ten days earlier, concerning Éowyn. His uncle had taken him on one side for "a chat." Faramir had wanted the ground to swallow him up. But his uncle, seemingly not noticing (or not caring about) his nephew's evident embarrassment, had pressed on regardless. Wives, he had explained, were not like mistresses who of course came to one's bed already knowing what to do. Wives, in contrast, had to be treated very gently, like precious porcelain, and wooed delicately. When Faramir raised an eyebrow at this metaphor, his uncle had reached for a more martial one instead. The younger man should, he said, think of his bride as a "finely bred, unbroken filly", to be schooled gently. Faramir was pretty certain that now Imrahil had actually met Éowyn, he would realise that saying such a thing within her earshot would not be wise if he wished his head to remain on his shoulders. Excruciating as that conversation had been, the one with Amrothos had, if anything, been even worse. It was only with great difficulty that he had been able to persuade his hellion of a cousin that, no, he really did not want to visit a brothel in the third circle for "one last blow out." "Because, cousin," Amrothos had said, "I know you all too well. You're the sort of virtuous dullard who will take the whole 'keeping himself only unto her' nonsense utterly seriously, so you might as well have one last night of fun (or maybe even two or three) before you tether yourself to the boredom of the marriage bed for all eternity." It had been all Faramir could do not to box his cousin's ears, the way he would have done when they were younger. Which was not to say he did not view the whole thing with a degree of uncertainty. He had, after all, had most of the last twelve months to think about it. His fantasies had ranged from gentle love making to wild passion and back, until he was really quite panicked about the thought of whether the reality could ever live up to the visions he had conjured in his mind, or indeed the performance his body could produce. He needed a sensible man to talk to, but who was there? Clearly not his uncle or his cousin. His king? He cringed inwardly at the thought. Quite aside from the fact that this was simply not the sort of thing one could ask one's king, when he looked at Elessar and Arwen, and more particular Arwen, with her ethereal, other-worldy beauty, he could not actually quite believe that they lay together in the manner of men and, well, women. Perhaps the solution to his over-active imagination lay in spending more time with Éowyn. If they could only get some privacy to get comfortable in each other's company, for him to get the chance to hold her hand, maybe even kiss her again as he had that day on the walls, then they would not be pitched straight into the wedding night wholly unprepared. Éowyn had been in Minas Tirith for a week now, and there was a full week to go until their wedding. And he had yet to get a chance to be alone with her. Yesterday, they had spent the whole afternoon wandering the length and breadth of the citadel with Aunt Ivriniel in attendance. It had proved a painful experience: Ivriniel had kept up her customary running commentary on the surroundings, and the shortcomings of everything from the street sweepers to the current women's fashions. He and Éowyn had hardly had a chance to talk at all. Today, the meal finished, he managed to take his betrothed into the gardens with his cousins, Lothíriel and Erchirion, in attendance. At least today it seemed that he was going to have the chance to talk to her, the other pair deliberately hanging back out of earshot (though always within sight, as Erchirion had earlier taunted him that he would with a mixture of amusement and cheerful malice). But, much as he loved to talk with his bride-to-be, he was finding that the restrictions on their time together were, perversely, having quite the opposite effect to that intended by their benevolent gaolers: the more time they spent together, but denied the chance to embrace one another, the more that became the only thing he could think about. He offered her his arm, and the touch of her hand on his sleeve made him want to slip his arm around her waist, feeling the concave curve and the tempting swell of her hips below. He swallowed, trying to ignore the feelings of desire stirring low in his belly. Smiling at Éowyn, he placed his hand lightly on top of hers, and tried to answer the question she had just posed. She gave a chuckle. "You have not listened to a word I've said these last minutes. You were miles away." Faramir apologised, and Éowyn repeated what she had just said. He managed this time to pay attention and come out with an answer that was almost coherent. But then as they turned a corner on the gravel path, her skirt brushed against his leg. Somehow, his mind's eye suddenly conjured an image of him pulling her onto his lap and it was as if he could feel her legs astride his. He thanked the Valar for the looseness of his tunic, and counted backwards from twenty in Quenya. His mental state seemed to go unnoticed by Éowyn, or at least such was his belief. She paused beside a particularly beautiful magnolia tree. Watching her reach to pluck a blossom from a tree, her dress pulling taut across her bosom as she stretched, made him want to cup her soft breast in his hand, feeling its fullness swell beneath his palm. The soft sheen of the petals on the blossom as she held it up for inspection reminded him of her lips, soft and yielding beneath his. This time he did not have to imagine what they would feel like, for his mind leapt back to a moment snatched in Edoras when they had managed to escape from the vigilance of their guardians for a moment. He had begun innocently enough by kissing her knuckles and gazing into her eyes, but then when she took half a step closer, he had succumbed to the temptation to brush his lips over hers. It had been a gentle, almost chaste kiss. He remembered watching as her eyelids fluttered shut, then as he drew back, opened once more, her eyes fixed on his, her lips parting slightly, moist, tempting. Without thinking what he was doing, he had placed his fingers lightly on the smooth skin of her cheeks and leaned in once more, this time teasing gently at her lips. And then suddenly the moment had seemed to get beyond their control. Her hands, which had been resting lightly on his forearms, reached out and tangled in his hair, and he could hear her breathing, shallow and rapid. His hands slipped from cradling her face, one to wrap round her back and pull her body tightly against him, the other to hold the back of her head, fingers buried in the rich, heavy, silken waves of her hair. He had heard her moan softly as he had slipped his tongue into her mouth, seeking out the welcoming heat, and she had kissed him back with an equal passion. Then he had trailed his lips down the smooth column of her neck, and traced out the neckline of her gown with hot kisses, while she in her turn had kissed the crown of his head. And somehow his hand had found its way onto the soft swell of her breast, and as he stroked it he felt, even through the thick fabric of her dress, the nipple harden beneath his palm. "Faramir?" He started, then realised his face was burning. Again he swallowed, and brought his eyes to meet Éowyn's gaze. "I'm sorry, my love, I was lost in a memory," he said, his voice sounding to his ear as if it was about to break. Éowyn gave an enigmatic smile, and took his hands in hers. Slowly and deliberately, she began to circle her thumbs against his palms. "What memory?" she said softly. There was a look in her eyes that he could not quite place, but that drew him towards her like a moth to a flame. He opened his mouth to speak but no words came out. Again, he realised he was blushing furiously. Éowyn moved slightly closer, and her voice dropped to a whisper. "A memory of Edoras, perhaps?" She smiled, and finally he saw the look in her eyes for what it was: desire. There was a long moment of silence. Faramir could feel his heart pounding in his chest. He seemed to have been struck dumb, and cursed himself for a clumsy fool. It was Éowyn who eventually spoke once more. "Your cousins seem to have got distracted by the carp in the ornamental pond..." Her voice trailed off, and she stood expectantly,