Chapter 19 – A single barrel, out of bond. (Alternative version) Disclaimer: None of Tolkien's wonderful characters are mine, I am merely borrowing them. Author's Note: This is the M-rated alternative version of Chapter 19 of my story "Adventures outside Middle Earth". It would probably help if you read this first, as I'm not sure that this will work if viewed simply as PWP. But since I'm sure some people won't read the story so here is a recap so far... The story so far: The walls between worlds have thinned, and Galadriel is worried both by the invasion of mary sues from our world and the threat of more serious consequences, in particular the threat posed if dark magical forces from Middle Earth combine with the sophisticated military technology in our world. So she sends Legolas into our world, but things go wrong – he gets injured in the process, and is found bleeding from an arrow wound by two young women, Helena and Lottie. Lottie is a medic and treats Legolas's wounds, while Helena, a cosmologist, sets about researching how she can send him back to his own world. Legolas has no recollection of the events immediately prior to finding himself in our world, and has no idea that Galadriel has sent him here. He finds himself stranded, staying in Helena's spare room. Meantime, her friends are all aware of the growing attraction between Helena and Legolas. They, of course, have spent a long time in denial about their feelings, and even now are not aware that they are reciprocated. (There is also a complicated set of subplots, involving Gimli trying to track down modern earth weaponry that's found its way into the hands of a Haradrim warlord and shady defence contractors here kidnapping orcs for as yet undisclosed reasons. And Galadriel's growing obsession with fanfiction, to the extent that she's created her own Mary Sue, who is now in pursuit of Haldir. Oh, and a running gag about Celeborn's fears that Legolas will end up subject to an Mpreg. In other words, large chunks of this are written firmly tongue in cheek. But if you want to find out about these you really will have to read the whole thing. ). So, on with the story... "OK, I have a plan," said Lottie. "So cunning you could put a tail on it..." "This is so not a good idea," muttered Tom. "No, my birthday, my rules." The doorbell rang. Lottie went to the door and found Matt and Jonathan there. "Happy birthday, gorgeous," said Matt and gave her a kiss. "Helena and Legolas here yet?" "We are now," said Helena's voice from behind him. "Happy birthday, Lottie," she added, and gave her a hug. "So, what's the line up for tonight's festivities?" asked Matt. "Pizza, cake and beer. A lot of beer," said Lottie, gesturing towards the barrel of ale resting in the corner. Legolas smiled. In fact, it was almost a smirk. "And," Tom added, "a handicapping system." He produced two half pint glasses and three pint glasses. "We seem to be missing a glass," said Legolas, intrigued as to where this was going. "This," said Tom, putting a huge glass on the table, "is a German beer stein I got at the Munich beer festival a couple of years ago. And this," adding a small tumbler and a large green bottle, "is a bottle of Laphroaig. Only 10 years old. But still bloody good. The rules are simple. The girls drink halves, the men drink pints, and the elf drinks German beer steins with double whisky chasers." "I can do pints," said Lottie in an outraged voice. Tom produced an extra pint glass. Legolas had an uncomfortable flashback to a thousand years earlier, when he, Elrohir and Elladan had liberated some Dorwinion wine from his father's cellars. It was going to be a long night. Several hours later Legolas felt slightly unsteady. He set his empty beer glass on the windowsill and glanced across the room at Helena. She was laughing at something Lottie had said, eyes sparkling, head thrown back. She was wearing a deep red top against which her brown hair fell in waves. The neckline was not particularly low, but low enough to show her collar bones, and Legolas suddenly found himself wondering what it would be like to run his fingers along them, to trace the line of her neck with his lips. Wondering what it would be like to cup her full breasts in his hands. Wondering what she would look like beneath her clothes. He shook his head in a vain attempt to clear it. Somehow, without consciously deciding to, he found himself moving over to where she was sitting. He flopped onto the couch beside Helena, his movements rather less coordinated than usual. Helena shut her eyes for a moment, wondering how on earth she was going to avoid letting anything of her feelings show, especially after this much alcohol. She could feel the warmth from his body against her arm, his leg brushing hers. "How much have you had to drink?" she asked. "Seven, maybe eight of those big glasses and the whisky to go with it," he answered. "I am beginning to feel a little odd, I must admit." "You're going to feel rough tomorrow," Helena chuckled. "Never mind, it's my turn to bring you orange juice." "I shall look forward to it, meleth nin ," said Legolas, looking at her intently. Helena suddenly realised that she had effectively promised to come into his bedroom in the morning and felt a wave of embarrassment, and something else, desire maybe, wash over her. Her stomach tightened, some other part, still lower, seemed to ache with an emptiness waiting to be filled. She gazed up at his deep blue eyes. She brushed the feelings away and tried to keep her voice light. "You really are drunk. You're slurring your words, mellon nin, " she said. "No," answered Legolas, still staring at her as though she was the only person in the room. "It's just that your Sindarin is next to non-existent, meleth nin, " he added, carefully emphasising the last two words. "So are you going to tell me what the subtle difference is? Not that I think you're in any state to do subtle." "Maybe later," said Legolas. He brushed a stray strand of hair away from her face and smiled at her. Behind them, unnoticed by Helena, Jonathan choked on his drink and darted into the kitchen, where he stood, shoulders shaking, knuckles thrust into his mouth to stifle his laughter. "What's so funny?" asked Matt. "I think Lottie's evil plan is working," Jonathan replied, in a muffled voice. "Well, of course it is. I am an evil genius, doncha know," said Lottie, following him through the door. "What in particular makes you think that?" Matt continued his questioning. "Well, assuming my Sindarin is better than Helena's, and given that I am not a philistine scientist, I think we can safely make that assumption..." "Get to the point, my artsy-fartsy pedant." "Legolas just called Helena 'my love'." Lottie caught Jonathan by the hands and launched into a triumphant jig. As she whirled him round, Jonathan noticed that Matt looked rather less surprised by this news than he'd hoped. In fact, it seemed almost as if his face bore a tinge of sadness. Back in the sitting room, Legolas had no difficulty overhearing the conversation. Oh, so now everyone knows except Helena, he realised with a guilty start. For her part, Helena sat snuggled against him, relishing the warm feel of his body next to hers, wishing she could stay like that for ever, wondering what it would feel like to have his arms around her again, what would happen if this time she made no attempt to run. She felt a blanket of sleepiness descend over her, in part due to the beer (though she had been careful not to drink as much as Lottie had intended her to). She gave a huge yawn. "I think I need to get you home," said Legolas. "Hmmph, after the amount you've drunk what makes you so sure it won't be the other way round," said Helena. Legolas got to his feet and stuck his head round the kitchen door. "I'm taking Helena home before she falls asleep where she's sitting," he said. "Happy birthday, Lottie." "Don't do anything I wouldn't," said Jonathan, with a smirk, then added, "Actually, scratch that, I'm gay – feel free to get up to all sorts of things that I wouldn't even consider." Legolas scowled at him, annoyed at the human's seeming ability to read his mind. "Goodnight, Jonathan. By the way, I still have really good hearing even when I'm drunk." "Yeah, yeah, it's the control over what you're saying that seems to be suffering," said Jonathan with a laugh. Legolas responded with a rude hand gesture he'd picked up from Cathy. He made his way back to the couch, followed by Lottie. He offered a hand to Helena and pulled her to her feet. Lottie brought them their coats. "Thanks for a great party, Lottie," said Helena, with a grin. "Hope you remember it tomorrow." XOXOXOXOXOXOXOX Legolas waited till they were round the corner, out of sight of Lottie's house. Suddenly, he reached out and took Helena's hand, pulling her round to face him. She found herself staring up at him. Strands of his hair blew in the light wind, his high cheekbones looking, in the dim light, as though they had been carved from some rare and precious stone, his eyes fixed intently on hers. His free arm reached out and snaked round her waist, pulling her part way towards him, but not too close, while he continued to gaze with a questioning look in his eyes. He released her hand and moved his own up to her cheek, stroking her hair away from her face. "Why did you run from me the other night?" he asked. He heard her take a deep breath, watched the familiar slight tilt of her chin as she steeled herself to answer. "Panic. I'm scared," she said simply. Legolas immediately loosened his grasp. "Of me?" he said, pain and regret in his voice. "No, not you. I could never be scared of you. Of my feelings. Of what they would do to me if I let go," she replied. Hesitantly, she slid her hand up his arm till it came to rest on his shoulder. "You're immortal, you're beautiful, you're from a different world, and one day you're going to go back to that world, and where would that leave me?" Her voice dropped to a whisper. "If I let myself go, if I let myself love you, I don't know how I'd find a way back. I feel like I'm clinging on to the last vestiges of sanity before it's too late." Legolas's hand returned to its earlier resting place, caressing her cheek once more, fingertips so light a touch that they traced her skin like a passing breeze. "It's already too late for me, Helena, meleth nin … my love. I love you," he said. Helena gave a gasp of surprise, eyes widening. As if of its own volition, her hand drifted up to touch his cheek, her gesture mirroring his. It was enough. His arm tightened round her waist, pulling her against him, other hand sliding back into her hair, long fingers tangling in the soft brown strands. His lips brushed hers. Their first touch was gentle, soft, barely a whisper. He drew back, gazing into her eyes. Her hands snaked around the back of his shoulders, lips parting slightly, and he leant in and kissed her again, this time harder. Helena found herself returning the kiss, tentatively at first, then with increasing boldness. As if answering, his lips and tongue teased and caressed, coaxed and demanded by turns, and she