Even educated fleas do it Important author's note: to rate T or M? I've given a lot of thought to this. This is a comedy about sex, and about "the Talk". However, nothing explicit happens "on screen"; there are a couple of fade-to-black moments. Frankly if my son gets to his mid teens without knowing this sort of stuff (and having discussed its place within a loving, enjoyable, consensual, and mutually respectful relationship), then I and his teachers will have dropped the ball badly with respect to sex education. (NB, not that I want him doing it before the age of consent - but doing and knowing are two very different things). However, I am aware that there is an alternative school of thought which conflates innocence and ignorance, and mistakenly believes that ignorance leads to abstinence. If you belong to that school of thought, hit he back button now: this is not the fic for you. Birds do it, bees do it, even educated fleas do it, Let's do it, let's fall in love! Cole Porter ~o~O~o~ " Enough about me, Éowyn. I really came to make sure you were happy about everything… and I know it is a bit late, but you have talked to someone about tonight?" Her colour flared, and she put down the brush and grabbed a goblet from her dressing table, taking a big gulp. "Yes, of course, I talked to Faramir." Lady Bluejay, Tides of Destiny ~o~O~o~ Faramir tucked Éowyn's hand in the crook of his arm, and together they walked across the greensward, lost in their own little world. Last night they had been trothplighted, and this morning, Faramir had revelled in the simple joy of breaking his fast with his betrothed. It was, he decided, something he could happily do every morning for the rest of their lives. Of course, it would be even better when they were married, because before breakfast, they would wake next to one another. And they would go to bed together, lie next to one another together, even... Elbereth! His thoughts were on the brink of drifting into territory that it would be safer not to venture into. He had after all promised himself to treat his betrothed with all courtesy and honour, and he loved her deeply, far too deeply to press for anything beyond a kiss. A distraction! That was what he needed. He hastily looked around him. They were nearing the paddocks on the edge of Edoras, and as usual, within the fences were magnificent horses, unmatched in Faramir's native land. As they got nearer, however, Faramir realised that perhaps this was not the best direction he could have chosen for their morning constitutional. It appeared that a stallion had been brought in to cover a group of mares, and the horse, a magnificent chestnut, was going about his business with aplomb. "I'm sorry, my love. Let us go towards the river instead." He realised his cheeks were heating with embarrassment. Éowyn surveyed him with amusement. "I have seen horses put out to stud before, you know. Growing up in the Mark, I could hardly not have seen it." Faramir looked slightly sheepish. "You may blame my concern on my overly prudish Gondorian upbringing." "In that case, in deference towards your upbringing, perhaps we will stroll towards the river," Éowyn answered. They walked for a while, and it began to dawn on Faramir that Éowyn was uncharacteristically silent. She seemed deep in thought, a slight frown furrowing her brow. Faramir decided that patience was called for – he would wait and see what she said. Sure enough, eventually she broke the silence. "It looks terribly uncomfortable." "What does?" Faramir asked. "For the mares... Well, maybe not so much for the mares, for they are used to being on four legs and it seems to go well enough. But..." In his surprise, Faramir stopped abruptly, and Éowyn, set off balance by his sudden halt, bumped into his hip. She looked up at him, a look of open trust, and brushed her hair back from her brow. "I mean, I have overheard the women talking when weaving, or sewing, or spinning. They seem to find it pleasurable – the bedchamber, that is. I certainly find kisses pleasurable. But that..." Faramir felt his mind spinning like a child's top. What on earth was he to say? Surely this not the sort of conversation Éowyn should be having with... Then it hit him. Idiot! Her mother had died when she was a child. She had no close female relatives. He swallowed. A sudden realisation washed over him: he was the person she felt most able to talk to, and he should not fail her. Taking a deep breath, he decided to address what he presumed to be the source of her fears. "Men are not... well, they are not as large, in proportion to their bodies, as horses are. You need not fear on that front." "Oh, I know that ," came the surprising reply. He looked down at her, dark eyebrows raised quizzically. Éowyn continued, "I have seen men swimming in the river in summer. No, it's not that. It's that – well, it looks so uncomfortable. I'm trying to imagine being on all fours, and you behind me, and it really doesn't seem like it could be much fun at all." Éowyn turned rather pink, and stared down at the ground. "I shouldn't have said that. I'm sorry." Faramir took her hands and raised them gently to his lips. Then he placed his fingers under her chin and gently tilted her head upwards so that he could look at her. "My love, you can talk to me about any subject under the heavens. What value would our marriage be if we could not share our thoughts at need, or seek comfort and understanding and reassurance from one another?" He looked at her steadily with his grey eyes, and added, "A man and a woman can do it that way, but there are many other ways, and it is certainly not what I had in mind for our wedding night." Cursed cock of a kinslayer, did I really say that last bit out loud? Bugger! Now it was Faramir's turn to blush. Éowyn of course picked up on his slip immediately. "So you have given the matter some thought?" Her cheeks still rosy, the embarrassed expression had vanished to be replaced by a cheeky grin. Faramir shook his head ruefully. The cat was well and truly out of the bag, and there was no shoving it back inside. "Truthfully? A lot of thought," he admitted, with a wry half smile. Once more Éowyn glanced down, but Faramir could see her face through the curtain of golden hair, still smiling. She said, very softly, "So what way did you have in mind?" His bold shieldmaiden! He should have expected this. "Facing one another." Now what do I say? Oh well, I've started down this line, I might as well say what's in my mind. So long as she doesn't repeat it to her brother. Would he kill me swiftly with his sword, or drag me to death behind wild horses? "I shall make you comfortable on cushions, and settle above you, my legs between your legs, and shower you with kisses and caresses, and when I am absolutely sure that you are ready, and that you want me as much as I want you, then and only then will I lie with you." Suddenly Éowyn looked up at him, her whole face shining as brightly as the noon sun. She stood on tiptoes and kissed him full on the lips. "Thank you my love. I know that I will be safe with you, that you will cherish me." Faramir quickly kissed her back, lingering a bit longer than was proper. And definitely with a lot more tongue than was proper. Then he couldn't help but surreptitiously glance over his shoulder. Yes! There was Éothain, a discreet distance away, giving him a stern glare. An unlikely choice of duenna, but an effective one... "I fear that, trothplighted or no, your chaperone thinks we should maintain more of a distance." Éowyn looked towards Éothain, and burst out into peals of laughter at the sight of his disapproving mien. "Well, if we cannot steal kisses," she said, "We can at least have a conversation he would most heartily disapprove of. You mentioned that there were many other ways." She cocked her head to one side, looking at him in a quite uncharacteristically coquettish way. He had a suspicion she was doing it quite deliberately, and he began to laugh, only to have her giggle too, and relax into something much closer to her normal stance. "Well, proud daughter of the house of Eorl, you could ride me." Inwardly, Faramir fleetingly considered the thought that he really shouldn't be saying this to Éowyn, but the gleeful (and somewhat aroused) look on her face made it more than worthwhile. "How on earth would that work? If you were on all fours, and I sat on your back... your pintel would be underneath." Faramir had to clutch the fence post beside him to keep himself upright. He started to laugh and couldn't stop, laughed until he cried. Éowyn wasn't quite sure what the joke was, but nonetheless his laughter was infectious – she too ended up quite helpless. Eventually Faramir managed to speak. "No, no – I'd lie on my back and you would sit astride me. That's what people normally mean when they talk of the woman riding the man." He could almost see the workings of Éowyn's mind as she considered this idea. It did not take the second sight of the Eldar to see that she liked the idea – liked it a great deal. Then she gave him a sly, sidelong glance. "And would you like that?" Faramir suddenly found it was hard to get the words out. He managed a hoarse whisper. "Very, very much indeed." "But not for a first time?" Faramir paused to consider. "I think the way I first suggested... would perhaps be easier. Though I am not sure. Maybe when the time comes, we can see what feels best to us. In any case, I mean to start by touching you, to show you what pleasure can be found." "Touching me?" "With fingers, and lips, and tongue." Tulkas' rod, I should not be saying this to her. But... but... she is so magnificent when she's like this. "Where?" Éowyn's cheeks were flushed once more, though not with embarrassment, but rather with arousal. Her eyes grey-blue eyes glittered. "Everywhere... your neck, your shoulders." The nagging voice of Faramir's conscience told him he should stop now. But the way Éowyn's lips parted somewhat undermined his resolve. And the sight of the tip of her pink tongue, running along her lower lip, undid his resolve completely. "Your breasts... your belly... your hips... that soft and hidden place between your thighs." "Oh!" Those blue-grey eyes widened, the flush deepened, the pink tongue flicked along her lower lip once more. He could have sworn her body swayed slightly towards his, as if it were a compass needle drawn by the invisible cords of a lodestone. Then, "And you? What should I do to ensure your pleasure." "It is your wedding night, beloved. Be assured I will find it pleasurable. But the most important thing for me is that you should find it pleasurable." Éowyn reached out and took his hand, lacing her fingers with his. Her touch felt like the lightning laden air before a summer storm – her skin on his crackled with tension. He longed to reach out and draw her into his arms. In fact the longing seemed so strong it was as if it had taken on a corporeal form. He moved a fraction closer, only to be interrupted by a cough from a handful