AN This is an idea for a one-shot I've had rattling round for the six months or more. I've ended up writing it now because it fits with the point I've reached in my much longer story, Flower of Ice and Steel. It is self contained (you don't have to read the longer story), but I'm publishing it now because it will provide extra context for the next chapter. The events here are part of a much larger story arc in my head canon, and I do hope to pick up on them in later stories, but some bits of the immediate aftermath are dealt with in Flower of Ice and Steel (though that is mostly about Eowyn and Faramir, rather than Lothiriel and Eomer). ~o~O~o~ The tower stood on a half-hidden portion of wall between the third and fourth circles of the city. The rest of the city glistened white, built from the same stone as the mountain to which it clung. But the tower was built from a red sandstone, quarried from near the mouth of Anduin and brought up the river by barge, many centuries ago. At some stage it had been stuccoed and painted to match the gleaming white of the rest of the town, but now the stucco had crumbled away, only a few remnants remaining. To the downhill side of the wall lay a garden, with tall trees which overhung the low battlements. The highest branches reached part way up the rust-coloured walls of the tower, but its top stretched up above the trees towards the lowering clouds above. In her childhood, it had always puzzled Lothíriel as to why there were two towers of Ecthelion; not till she was considerably older did she manage to make sense of the tale. In the distant past, when Osgiliath had been the main city of Gondor, the Tower of Arnor had been built to match the Tower of Ithil: one red like the setting sun, the other glittering white like the full moon. Later, the rest of the the citadel had been built, climbing up the flank of the mountain. History did not record why Ecthelion's name had been attached to it; her tutor had told her that in all probability it had nothing to do with him. She brushed away the loose strand of hair which fell in front of her face. How odd that these odd snippets of information from years early should pop into her mind now. Still, better any strange flights of fancy than letting herself remember today's events. Bone tired, Lothíriel made her way along the level flagstones to the archway which led into the tower's interior. Mistress Ioreth had sent her to her quarters to rest, but sleep would not come. Her head spun, and every time she tried to close her eyes images of bloodied, ragged-edged wounds and severed limbs danced across the back of her lids. She needed to escape from the Houses, where the charnel smell seemed to imbue the very walls, away from people, away from the clamour of a city torn by a desperate siege, battered almost into destruction. Her feet seemed to lead her here without her mind being engaged – she merely retraced without thinking the path to one of her favourite childhood hiding places, one which placed her out of reach of her forbidding uncle on the family's visits to Minas Tirith. She walked through the arch into the gloom beyond. Even on a sunny day, little light penetrated through the narrow arrow slits in the walls, but in this long lingering twilight to which the world seemed condemned, it was as if the air clung to her body like a thick, dark cloak. The sun had come out briefly earlier in the day, round about the time the siege was lifted, but now it had dipped behind Mount Mindolluin, and the world once more lay in half-darkness. Above the plains, clouds streaked across the sky towards the distant mountains, turning from a dull red to steel grey as they reached out their tendrils towards the East. She walked over to one of the window recesses, and with a sigh, settled on the ledge. She slumped back against the wall and let her cheek rest against the cold stone. Her vision clouded by too many hours of wakefulness, too many tiny stitches made by the inadequate light of candles into flesh that flinched beneath her touch, she stared through the opening into the garden below. In the last light of dusk, twigs of the trees glowed rose coloured like coral, and the evergreens swayed like seaweed in the currents below the surface of the ocean. How long she sat, she was not sure. Every fibre of her body cried out for sleep, but her mind allowed her no rest. It whirled like a child's top, full of images she wanted to forget, full of worry for the future. Her father and brothers had survived this battle, but surely there were more to come. And her imagination played her false; if she shut her eyes, she saw the wounded men in the houses, but their faces were replaced by those of her own kin. So, despite the feeling that her eyes were full of grit, she kept them open and stared blankly into the garden. More memories came to her Her cousin, her kind, gentle cousin, lay near to death in the Houses. He had been her favourite cousin, unusually (for a young man) prepared to take a small child's imaginary games entirely seriously. Boromir, not surprisingly, had been closer to her brothers, always prepared to lift a practice sword against them. She gave herself a shake: here she was thinking of Faramir as if he were already dead, like his brother. When she had left the houses he still clung to life, albeit pale, his brow burning hot, his breathing shallow and laboured. She had kept him company for a while during a brief break, but it was not long before she had to return to her duties. She shivered at the thought of the turn of events which had left him there, and of the memory of the last time she had seen him with her uncle. Her father had taken her up to the Steward's palace to visit Faramir. He lay, tossing in fever, and the stern figure of the Steward sat beside him. A glance at her uncle's face had left her feeling sympathy towards him for the first time in her life. His face still stern, his eyes nonetheless spoke of bottomless sorrow. He had sat beside the bed and clasped Faramir's hand, and as she had taken her leave, she had this fleeting sense of a man on the brink of breaking completely, like a barque tossed by a storm, heading inexorably towards razor sharp reefs. She felt a sudden wave of nausea at the realisation that her premonition had proved to be a vision of things to come. Desperately, she tried to remember happier times, but no pictures would come to her mind. It was as if the world had always been thus: dark, filled with pain, teetering on the brink of doom. Her imagination failing her, she tried instead to play a game: how many trees could she name? Ash, oak, cherry, pine, cedar, beech... She made herself examine each one, tracing the shape of the canopy, trying to picture the outline of the leaves once they unfurled in spring, trying to describe to herself the subtle differences in green from one to the next. After a dozen or so, the exercise began to have the desired effect. Her pulse and breathing slowed, her eyelids began to droop. ~o~O~o~ A male voice echoed round the chamber, and she woke with a start. She sat up awkwardly, prising herself away from the stone wall, realising as she did so that she had the most terrible crick in her neck. A lock of her hair had come loose, dark strands flopping over her eyes, and she brushed it behind her ear, blinking bleary-eyed and trying to focus on the scene before her. "Your pardon, mistress healer," said the voice. It was deep, slightly accented. She turned towards the door. The figure was huge – tall, broad-shouldered, clad in armour, a plumed helm tucked under his arm, but all she could really see of him was his silhouette. He, in contrast, must have been able to make out some of her features, for he continued with a slightly embarrassed air, "Your pardon, not mistress." He paused as if confused, then said, "I beg your indulgence, for I have no idea of the correct form of address in your language for a lady not yet married." She waved her hand to dismiss his embarrassment as being of no import. "Mistress, lady, it makes no odds to me. After the sights I have seen today, I feel as old as the guardians of Manwë's halls." The man inclined his head slightly, seemingly showing respect for her words. "The stains on your gown bear witness to your struggles, my lady. It seems you have been in as great a battle as I. I shall leave you to your solitude, for I guess that you too came here seeking to escape from the hubbub of people in the Houses." He paused for a moment,and Lothíriel cast a quick glance at her skirts. Sure enough, they were covered with smears of blood and other marks. But the man continued, his voice surprisingly gentle for such a forbidding figure, "Though if I might suggest, it would be well perhaps for you to return to your lodgings. That embrasure does not look as though it makes for a comfortable resting place." "Alas, sir, my lodgings are, as with all the Healers and their assistants, within the Houses, and there is no escape from the noises, from the smells..." Here, she realised her voice wavered just for an instant, and pulling herself together, she finished, "There is no rest to be had within those walls, not for me." The man hesitated for an instant, as if uncertain what to do next. Then, seemingly reaching a decision, he stepped into the chamber. His hands went to his breast and he unclasped the dark green cloak which hung from his shoulders, folded it and laid it on the floor beside the wall, before retreating and settling on the floor a few feet away. "You are welcome to use my cloak as a cushion, my lady." "And what of you?" she asked. "I recognise your gear... You are one of the Rohirrim, who have ridden to our aid. You must be exhausted. Surely, you too are in need of rest, or at the very least, of comfort." "Nay, lady. I cannot seem to settle to take any rest. Strange, for I am weary to the bone. But my mind will not allow it." Lothíriel nodded. "It was so for me, for a while. Then sleep came anyway." "Ah, hence your strange resting place." "Yes, it was chosen as a spot from which to look into the garden below, in an attempt to divert my mind from remembering." "Would you..." He was hesitant, wary of being rebuffed. "Would you perhaps talk to me, that I might be similarly diverted? I too need to stop my mind from whirring. What was it you looked upon?" "The trees. I was engaged in a childish game of trying to recognise as many trees as I could. Oak, ash, cedar..." "Cedar? We do not have those in the Riddermark, the climate is too cold. What do they look like?" "They are a beautiful tree..." Lothíriel paused, trying to think of a description. "They have a broad canopy, and it spreads almost like shelves of leaves... Oh, my words cannot do them justice, and it is too dark to see them in the garden now."