Disclaimer: I don't own anything that I've written. Yep, that's right, I own not even one iota of the below work. Summary: Harry became disenchanted with Dumbledore, so he works toward enlightenment, and this has several effects on the wizard, but what effects will it have on the world around him. Authour Note: This started out as pretty much a trash story that I didn't plan to even write a second chapter to - Yet I've grown attached to it like it was my ugly duckling child. There will be no beta, just my writing and the purity of the mistakes I make. Should someone want to beta the story, feel free to let me know. The chapter below is probably the least fleshed out piece of work I've ever written - I could have separated all of this stuff into separate chapters and it would have been far more effective story telling. The reality of this chapter is more like an info drop before we get into fourth year, which is the stuff that I actually want to write out. For those who are worried that I'm moving in a distinctively familiar path - I have several ideas that will separate this fic from the heard of similar works. Digital cookies to whoever knows who the 'character' that Harry talks about is. He'll be mentioned throughout several chapters of the story, but I find that naming the character is somewhat cheesy and overdone. Harry doesn't need the name anyway, all he needs are the actions. Still, props to anyone that figured it out. Harry will not be 'over powered' in this story either. It's a bit ' spoilerish ' but for those who don't care and want to know why they shouldn't snub this fic, Harry will use his intelligence as opposed to the considerable magical power that he possesses. In other words, Harry could be over-powered should he bother to learn powerful magics, but he won't be bothering because he thinks his way is better. BTW I know, my writing IS absolute shit. No I don't need you to tell me how to spell words like 'colour' 'favour' and such. Thanks for your time. Chapter One: Disenchantment toward Enlightenment ... Why didn't Album Dumbledore do something about this? A disenchanted Harry James Potter wandered the dank castle halls a few hours before the train back to the normal world would be departing. So far, the young raven haired boy had not experienced a relaxing, or even normal year at school. This year however, was the worst by far. It was not just because it was more dangerous than any of the others – and it was – but largely because he had hope of escaping the hell that was the Dursley's home, only to have it ruthlessly ripped away. This year Harry had met with his godfather – Sirius Black – who had offered to take him in. They were going to get the man's name cleared, but everything fell apart. Harry could accept this. Nothing else in his life ever seemed to work out after all, why would something like this. An hour or so ago, it occurred to the young wizard just what had been bugging him. Albus Dumbledore was one of the most respected people in the wizarding world. Most of the students at Hogwarts worshiped the ground that the old man walked on as though it turned to gold behind him. So why couldn't he use some of that clout to help get Sirius a trial? The answer was simple, Dumbledore could have, but did not. It filled Harry with rage to think about, making his magic react rather violently as well. The air around him was heavily saturated with the leaking magic, other students instinctively avoiding behind near the Boy-Who-Lived as he theorized. The Headmaster was such an unreachable figure as well. Even if Harry wanted to plead his case, to beg for the elder wizard to do something, Harry doubted that he would get anywhere near Dumbledore. This simply spoke of a goal though. ' If you want something done right, do it yourself. ' Harry thought, almost sarcastically to himself, still angry, but accepting the fact that once again, the adults wouldn't be able to help him. Throughout all his years at Hogwarts, this, if nothing else, was a reoccurring theme. It seemed that it wouldn't be changing anytime soon. Already Harry had learned that most of the teachers at the school were people you couldn't trust... Why had Harry ever been expecting something different from Dumbledore, the young man didn't know. Thus far, Harry had been rather passive about the wizarding world. Just taking it in, learning, or attempting to learn, just like all the other students. It seemed that this had proved ineffective and a different strategy was needed. Harry Potter was nothing if not flexible. If the young Potter wanted to help his godfather, it would likely not help him to be learning a whole lot about magic. Rather, focusing on more intellectual pursuits and political machinations would be more fitting. Now that a plan was forming in his head, Harry walked with a purpose, but almost as though so entranced with his own thoughts that he couldn't actually see anything else. He boarded the train without even a single thought toward where he was going, and his friends sat next to the wizard, but Harry just made idle small talk, not even registering what he was speaking. He was too busy thinking the situation over. When Harry came into the wizarding world, he created something of a character. A skin to fit into so that eh wouldn't stick out and could meet the expectations that people seemingly had for him. It was an ability that had been beat into him by the Dursley Family. Perhaps it was time to shred that skin, as Harry doubted he could free Sirius with in a way that was befitting of his current form. With that solidified, Harry turned toward what he should learn. There were plenty of places that you could 'Owl Order' books from. Harry just needed to pick the ones that would be most useful for his current pursuits. Previously, the raven haired boy went for mostly Defense Against the Dark Arts books only. Now that he was leaving that attitude behind – History, Law, and books from other subjects so that he could catch up to his classmates level. Image would be important, and if he was perceived to be unable to score well on the basics of wizarding classes, he doubted that anyone in the Wizarding World would take him all that seriously when he went about getting the acquittal. There were also several things that he could learn from the Muggle World. The Wizards were painfully lacking in a few departments of intellectual ponderings. Before Hogwarts, Harry hadn't bothered to learn anything more than the bare minimum in the Muggle World either – But the thirteen year old knew that these things existed. Some books on philosophy, psychology, and various other subjects certainly wouldn't be remiss in his plan. With that vague plan in mind – Harry Potter started his summer 'vacation' ... The first thing that Harry did when he got home was to threaten his darling relatives into treating him decently with the threat of his rather infamous godfather. The second thing was to order a number of books he saw fitting to his current needs, has he'd thought about on the train home. The third thing, was simply enough, to get a library card. The library itself was so empty other than the one worker that any sound made echoed throughout the whole building. When Harry asked about why it was such, the worker got a sad look on their face for a moment before replying, "Technology is taking away any need for physical books like this. It's nice to see a young man like yourself here though. It gives me hope for the future." Technology... That was something that Harry would have to touch upon in the future. At the moment it was too big of a task to undertake. Some part of it though, felt like too large an advantage to ignore. The atmosphere in the library was relaxing, even as Harry started to read an extremely heavy book on the basics of philosophical outlooks, he didn't tense up at all. In that moment, the young body decided to make this somewhat of his 'base of operations' for the summer. ... The first week of vacation was more relaxing than Harry had expected. The Dursley Family left him alone for the most part after the threat that was made, so other than meals, Harry didn't have to deal with them. Reading was more of a relaxing experience than Harry had thought, and he went over most of the books form first and second year in addition to the ones that he read at the library. It felt good – To actually exercise his mind as opposed to letting it rot away beneath the little act that he'd been putting on for the majourity of his life. New books came at the end of the week. DADA, Transfiguration, Charms, Potions, Law, Politics, History, Astronomy, Ancient Runes, Arithmancy, and several other books were covered in the bulk order. It would be easy to give up when looking at the monstrous task that stood before the Potter, but he wouldn't allow that of himself. He was far too stubborn and wanton of his own goal. ... Psychology was one of his favourite subjects thus far. The look into the way that humans in general worked was something that Harry had come to appreciate and take to heart. Yet, for every rule, there was always an exception. For every Bystander Effect, there was someone that actually stepped up to help without hesitation. It was hard to predict humans, hard to truly put their nature into a page and say that something was surely always undoubtedly going to happen. He even learned several things that Harry could consider himself when going through the Muggles intellectual properties and discoveries. Harry was a nihilist in that he didn't really believe that there was any meaning in life. He was a misanthrope in that he in general knew that you couldn't trust or have belief in humans in general. They were a greedy and selfish people that would let you down, not to mention rather unpredictable. And he subscribed to Apatheism, in which whether god existed or not didn't matter, and shouldn't be talked about as it was utterly irrelevant in his human life. These were words that only lightly described him. After all, Harry was only thirteen going on fourteen. He was a bit young to be so utterly cynical. The more that he read though, the more that these traits developed. The young green eyed boy felt good about that though, he was forming his own opinions. Maybe they weren't suitable for his age, but they were his own. The librarian was starting to notice the fact Harry was moving into such heavy subjects and thoughts and tried to redirect him a little bit, "Perhaps you could try this. Several young people read things like this. It's the first one in the series... It would be a nice break from the things you currently read." "Thank you so much, Miss. I appreciate you sparing me the thought." Harry demurred, taking the offered book and promising to read it. The smile he got from the kind woman was worth it – It also made him feel better. Like maybe he was wrong, maybe humans were deserving of hope. The second that Harry left her presence the thought was gone and he went into a trance as he quickly sped through the book that he had been handed. The the next – and the next. A character in