Please read and review it helps a lot Chapter 1 Bens POV So my name is Benjamin I'm a house cat who's been living with this family for two years. They are nice enough. But today my life just didn't seem to have any fun in it, I'm tired of seeing everyone fall in love. All the other cats all have a mate but I'm mateless, you are probably wondering what I mean by mate. Well you see cats have a thing where they can find there soulmate, their other half by a single touch . I have yet to do so. With a mate it's like you would do anything and I mean anything to be together. So tonight it's a full moon I'm looking out of the window of my humans room she's a girl a rather sweet girl, she my best friend. I'm gonna hate when she falls in love, it's gonna be the worst thing ever I don't no why I feel this way it's strange but the thought of my human girl finding love makes my gut churn. Chapter 2 Elizabeth's POV So my name is Elizabeth Whitewood. I'm a freshman in high school. Life has been so stressful lately the only one I really have is my cat since my dad is always busy with work I'm alway home alone with Ben, my best friend who's a cat. I've always felt this connection with him it odd it's like he can understand me and I him. But I know that's impossible. I've invited a friend over today his name is James. Ben has never met him so today shall be funny Ben doesn't tend to like my male friends he gets jealous its rather funny. So me and James walks in to my house and as soon as the front door shuts i get ambushed by Ben. I hug him and kiss his head "hi my love" I say to Ben. I put him down. Then Ben stood frozen and looks at James then starts growling I tell him "stop and be nice" he stops and glares then looks at me and his expression softens. James walks up and ruffles Ben's fur I growl which confuses me, I didn't like that I really didn't like that how dare James touch Ben. I tell James I don't feel good and that he should leave he says bye see you later and Ben growls again Chapter 3 Bens POV Stupid human how dare he. A male around my mate. Wait! MY MATE!? I don't have a mate. I've accepted that I don't have a mate. Plus there's no way my mate is a human. It's impossible unheard of. But the feelings... Elizabeth's POV That was odd of me I don't know why I growled at James he messed with my mate. Wait what my mate?! Why did I just call Ben my mate? Oh well it must have just been a figure of speech I've heard some where. I look up and see Ben walking into my room he didn't come sit with me he must still be mad about James. Hey butter ( butter is his nick name I call him) what's wrong are you mad at me? Yeah I'm mad at you Ben thinks but I don't hear it. I'm sorry Ben I say. Ben just shrugs it oddly for a cat as if saying it doesn't matter now it's over with. Ben is staring out the window I look out to see what he's looking at. Wow I say the sky is beautiful it looks as thought there's a million stars out but that's nothing compared to how the moon looks its gorgeous. It looks red. I've heard of this kind of moon before It's called a blood moon it's said to be a magical moon that only comes once every 500 years. Supposedly it makes soulmates come together it also makes vampires come out. Ironic I think because earlier I called Ben my mate. That is just irony right? Chapter 4 Bens POV What my human doesn't know is that I can understand her. And when she said that about her calling me mate and something about it being ironic it got me thinking oh my star(instead of god it's star) she's my mate. She's really , truthfully, honestly my mate she felt the connection too. I wonder how this is gonna work. I'm 32 in cat years if the moon were to work I would turn into a 32 year old human or Elizabeth would turn into a 14 year old cat. Either way there's a age difference. The moon is supposed to work. I wish I wish with all my might for this special moon to turn me into a man fit enough and deserving enough to be the mate of my beautiful and sweet and pure, innocent mate. Elizabeth's POV I go to my computer and search right away for soulmates and the blood moon and learn all I can about it. Then I go and find Ben standing up with his eyes closed. "What are you doing butter?" I ask him. Then I look back at the moon and wish with all my might that Ben could turn human. Boys my age are all complicated, taken, or are gay. Plus I've never felt a connection this strong with anyone. Then all of a sudden I fall backwards and it all goes black! Get away from my mate Ben yells! A vampire named jasper bites Ben then he turns human. Chapter 5 Bens POV "No!" I scream! "My Mate. Get away from my mate i yell"! A vampire named jasper bites Ben then he turns human. What has happened I run as fast as I can to her she has fainted I think. I sniff and lick her face then I grab her shirt with my teeth and slowly pull her to her bed. Which is hard obviously. Not that she's heavy but because I'm a cat. Once I get her to the bed finally I lick her face and head repeatedly till I'm certain she's clean and ok then I fall asleep. I'm very tired. I sleep very comfortably with the thought of having found my mate but I also sleep worriedly about my Lizzie ( her nick name) growling in my sleep at the thought of someone else calling my mate by my special name for her, then again no one is worthy to even say her name to begin with. Elizabeth's POV Urgh what happened I wonder?! I feel something wet licking my face and head .Ahh I think this feels so relaxing. I can feel and hear things but it's like I can't wake up. It must be Ben cleaning me he's such a thoughtful mate I think not even knowing if it's possible or even reality that this is real! I eventually succumbed to sleep and completely relaxed at the feel of bens warmth beside me. A few hours later I feel the rays of sunlight coming in on my face and slowly open my eyes wow I say that's the best sleep I've ever had. I feel a body beside me I turn and see a man asleep beside me and scream "ahhhh! " Before fainting once more! Chapter 6 Bens POV "Ahhh!" What happened I jump out of bed when I hear my mate screaming . Then she faints. I see fear in her eyes then I look down at my self and start screaming. Oh My Star the blood moon worked I feel sad , did my mate despise or loathe me in this body. No she would never despise me as I would never despise her. She must have just been freightened. I would have been to , well I was I did start screaming. I get up and walk to the mirror on her wall and look in the mirror and view myself I'm also naked. Whoops at least I was under the covers and covered up. I have an eight pack I guess working out and exercising even as a cat does work I'm fit and healthy I have a crystal/ocean blue eye color. My hair is brown. I'm relatively tan. If I do say so myself I'm quiet a handsome man. Uh oh I'm a man. My mates a little girl. Elizabeth's POV Urgh I wake up again,I have to stop fainting, I've been doing that a lot lately I slowly look up and see a man standing in my room with a towel around his waste I don't feel scared or any fear he turns and I look into his eyes and all I feel is peace and happiness and love consume me. "Hello Lizzie Its me Ben." And when I look into them beautiful familiar blue eyes I believe him. Chapter 7 Bens POV "Hi" I repeated again. Lizzie says "hi." "How is this possible?" she asks. "The Blood moon" I state. She walks up too me and runs her fingers through my hair I make an unnatural, inhuman purring. She laughs then I laugh back. Star she has a beautiful smile I love her so much, I know and feel it deep down In my heart that Lizzie and mines loves story will be a love that future generations to come will believe it to be some sort of fairy tale. "You look hot" she states I smirk at that comment. "So are you and me soulmates?" she asks I grab her hand into my larger one and blue sparks come out. "Wow", we both say at once and then laugh. "Yes, we are soul mates" I reply. Then I grab her into my arms and pick her up and twirl her into the air then all of a sudden I stiffen up and she looks at me and then we both seem to have realized all I'm wearing is a towel we both blush and then I release her from my arms and she walks out of the room and I follow her. She walks up into the attic and pulls out some old box and gets out some of her dads old clothes and hands them to me. "Here" she says "these will hopefully fit you they maybe a little big but we can go out shopping later". She says. "Thanks" I say. "No problem", she replies then all of a sudden we hear a car pulling into the driveway "uh oh" we both say. "RUN" she says. "Go hide in my closest and put the clothes on and wait for me to come get you". I run but not before kissing her cheek and then going to hide in her closet. Chapter 8 Elizabeth's POV I run downstairs to the door. I open it and see my dad on the porch."Hey" he says. "How was work?" I asked. "Good!" He responded. "I feel like I leave you alone to much you need friends human friends besides that darn cat of yours," dad says. "I have friends!" I say back to him. He looks at me with an eyebrow raised and I copy his actions and raise my eyebrow as well. "Ok" he finally says. "You win" he continues "your too much like me I was a loner at your age too." I'm not a loner I think." Of course your not a loner you've got me" says a voice in my head I almost fainted again "how'd you get into my head?""Ben?" I say "am I going crazy?" "No" Ben's voice says. "Then why am I hearing you inside my head"!? I ask. "Because we're soulmates and soulmates can hear each other's thoughts" he responds. "Hello? Elizabeth? Are you there?"( hand movements in my face) I snap out of it and say "huh" dad was trying to get my attention? "Yeah?" I say. He says "what's wrong you were in your