This is the story of what could have been. These are based off of a blog post I saw on Tumblr. Unfortunately, I couldn't find the source of the ideas, because they were lost in tons of blog posts in the tag. I enjoyed the ideas and the head canons so much that I decided to write it to the best of my ability. If you know who created some of these headcanons, send them this story! Hope you enjoy. Another Way to Get Home Branches snapped underneath shoes running through the forest. Trees were blurred from the four kids as they hurried away from the howls coming from behind. If they didn't hurry, they would be dead. If they fought back, they would be dead. It wasn't looking good for them. "Come on, Jason! Annabeth!" Thalia urged. "Keep running!" Two blond haired kids, Jason and Annabeth both six and seven ran harder. The boy by Thalia's side, fourteen with dirty blond hair, gave her a worried look. Were they getting closer to camp? The monsters behind were getting closer. Way too close for comfort. Soon they would reach the four kids and destroy them. Thalia and Luke wouldn't let that happen to Annabeth and Jason. "I can go and hold them off!" Thalia said. Her eyes were determined, but Luke wasn't intimidated as he usually was over the twelve year old with jet black hair. "No way. We're almost to camp. We can make it!" "But the camp will be overrun with monsters. It's me they're after." "Camp will have reinforcements," Luke assured her. "Remember? That's what Grover said before we kicked him out of the group." They had kicked Grover out of their group about a week before, after he came to them offering his help. They didn't listen to his warning about the monsters. "That was a mistake." "Just run!" Almost there. Just a few more minutes. Soon they would be safe and it would all be over. Thalia tripped and landed hard. Just enough time to see the shadows of the hellhounds appear in the distance. Luke pulled her to her feet. "Come on!" Thalia knew what she needed to do. Maybe one good blast of lightning could scare them away. She yelled, "Keep going. I'm going to hold them off." "Thalia, no! Don't do it." "Just protect Annabeth and Jason." She could see her little brother running for his life. "Please protect Jason." "Thals-" They ran, but Thalia stopped. The hellhounds caught up and she sent a huge bolt of lightning. It threw the monsters back but didn't send them to Tartarus. She tried to fight them off as best as she could, but it was too overwhelming. The last thing she remembered was the screams from her brother calling out her name. And everything was quiet. From that day on, Luke was bitter, Annabeth tried her best to get through the pain, and Jason's heart was shattered. Jason was getting tired of all the prophecy crap he was hearing about. He didn't want anything to do with it, and he wasn't going to be the cause of Olympus falling. He looked at Thalia's tree and whispered, "I'm sorry I'm letting you down." He turned hearing footsteps. Annabeth stood there with a hard stare on her face. She knew he was leaving. They'd been friends for a long time. It had been five years since they'd made it to Camp Half Blood. They always had each other's back, but here was Jason, leaving her for selfish reasons. "Where are you going?" She asked. "Not sure yet." "Sons of Zeus's aren't liked outside of camp. You could get yourself killed the moment you walk out of here." He shrugged. "Maybe I'll find another camp." Annabeth frowned. "Unlikely, but you can dream." "I guess." "Are you sure you have to go? There's so much here for you." "I'm not going to be the person in the prophecy. If I leave now, it'll stay that way." She sighed unhappy with his decision. "Then, I guess, all I can say is good luck." Jason gave a small smile. "Thanks, Annabeth." He gave her a hug. "I'll be alright," he promised. "I know you will. Make sure you send me a postcard." One last smile. One last goodbye. One more step out of destiny. Jason could remember staying in Zeus's cabin the first night. The lightning scared him. The dark was terrifying. He was utterly alone. Not just in his cabin, but his only sister had sacrificed herself and ended up as a tree. So, of course, six year old Jason was scarred after the event. Then years later, he had an obsession talking to his sister's grave. Almost every night he would leave his cabin while avoiding harpies and would talk to Thalia. He wasn't sure if he was that great at avoiding harpies or if they actually had a conscious to let him mourn in peace. When he was ten he sat there by Thalia's tree and had a meaningful conversation. "Today was okay," he said. "Sword fighting is fun. Although, it really hasn't done anything for me. I mean, you're still a tree so. Yeah. Um, my friends are nice. Luke is fine. He seems a little mad for some reason. I thought it was because of you, but I think something else is bothering him." He paused to think over what else to say. "Annabeth is great. She told me about the Great Prophecy. She didn't tell me what it said, but she hinted about it." He took a deep breath. "I don't want to be the kid in the prophecy, Thalia. Instead, I'm going to find a way to bring you back. Not sure how, but I will. That quest is more important to me than saving or destroying Olympus. I don't want to let you down." He missed talking to Thalia's tree. He was fifteen now and found himself in California. He had actually found another demigod camp called Camp Jupiter. He would love to see the shock on Annabeth's face. He liked it there for the most part. But the wolf Lupa told him some upsetting things. The fact that his own mother had given him up to Juno to please her. How Thalia had found out and took him back. Jason should have been in the legion for his whole life, but Thalia had saved him. Now, for the past few years, he was stuck in the legion with no way out. He never told the people of Camp Jupiter about Camp Half Blood. That was his secret. His sister was there. He was going to protect her, Luke, and Annabeth. If he were to tell anyone, he would have to remember all the sad things that happened at camp. He'd have to pull out all the memories he tried to forget for the past five years. Gods, he missed Annabeth. They were great friends. She was easy to talk to. He could joke around with her at any time. Everyone in the legion was so stiff. Well, except for a few people. But they could never be Annabeth or Luke. They especially couldn't be Thalia. He wondered if the true person in the prophecy had ever shown up. Annabeth would probably be helping him or her on the quest. She was probably the leader of camp just as he was the leader of his own. Maybe he should send her a postcard. She probably thought he was dead. She had a phone. He could make the risk and call her. Well, if her number was the same. So many conflictions. "Jason! Are you paying attention or not?" A girl, named Reyna, asked him. She glared at him. Usually, he'd be intimidated, but he was more annoyed than scared of her. "I am," he said. "You want to stop Octavian from finding the Sibylline books, because there are more pressing matters." Reyna almost seemed impressed. Almost. Her brown eyes studied him as she gripped her knife that was stabbed in the table. He had zoned out when she got mad and tried to murder the table. Her gold and silver dogs looked up curious if they should eat him or not. "Do you want to tell him the search is off or shall I?" "I don't mind crushing Octavian's dreams," he shrugged. This was his life. Making rules. Running a camp. Getting glares from his partner. Sometimes he wondered if she hated him or tolerated his existence. They were great friends until a trip to Charleston, South Carolina. A talk with a southern belle made her different. She looked at him different. He wondered if he'd ever know why. "Good, because I didn't feel like doing that right now." "Is this meeting done?" he asked. "Why do you ask? Have a date or something?" She was actually trying to be funny. Maybe their friendship could be salvaged. She was always so stressed all the time. The purple cape she wore seemed to be a burden. Did she want to be a Praetor or was there something else out there for her? "No, I just need some air," he said. "Of course, the son of Jupiter needs air." He gave a smile. "Yeah, I suppose it's funny." Jason walked out of the room and eventually made his way outside of the camp. No one would catch him leaving the tunnel except for the guards. Luckily, he was friends with one of them so his escape would be easy. He walked by Hazel an incredibly sweet and girl with chocolate hair and eyes like gold. He'd always thought of her as a good friend. Someone he could trust. She gave him a confused look. "What are you doing here?" "I'm just going to take a walk to get away from Camp Jupiter. Don't tell anyone, please." She smiled. "No problem, Jason. Your secret's safe with me." He smiled back and walked out of the camp border. Now he just needed to find a phone. After about thirty minutes of trying to find a payphone, he made the phone call. Hi! Annabeth Chase here. I'm busy at the moment so please leave a message! Jason sighed. The phone beeped. His cue to find something to say. "Hey, Annabeth. It's Jason. It's been a while, hasn't it? I just wanted to let you know that I'm okay. I'm alive. I can't really tell you where I'm at, but I promise you I'm safe. I'll try to call some other time. Bye, Annabeth. Be safe." He hung up. When he walked through the tunnel again, Hazel asked if he was okay. He didn't even realize he was crying. He recalled waking up on a bus holding hands with a girl he never met. From that day forward him, the girl, and a Latino Santa's elf lives were intertwined. He had no memories so he had to depend on them. They were the perfect team. The first day of their quest, before they left on a giant metal dragon, Jason was in a familiar cabin. He felt like he had been to the Camp Half-Blood before, but something felt wrong. His instincts told him to get the heck out of there. Some people looked at him strangely as he walked through camp the night before, but he couldn't tell why. Maybe because the son of Zeus was so rare. Or maybe it was because they had seen him before. He had scanned the cabin and came across a sleeping bag in the corner of the cabin behind the giant Zeus statue. He could see tape stuck to the wall where pictures or posters could have been stuck. No pictures were there. No evidence that someone found home in such a lonely cabin. He heard someone walk in and jumped at the sound. Annabeth entered and apologized for startling him. "I just wanted to check in and see how