WARDEN OF ANNUMİNAS A CALL FOR HELP thick silvery white beards and his long , silvery white hair flows to sit upon his shoulders . A special quirk is that unlike his parents his eyes are coloured dark green . He is no weak man , his muscles are well toned and exercised in the ways of battle and as most men of his kindred he stands quite tall, but among his own he is not much taller than any other man . He also has a long forgotten scar across his right eye . He often wears a grey tunic with a brown leather belt , on a light chainmail . His boots are grey , and his gloves are grey too . Underneath his fingerless gloves he hides a sharp dagger . He wears a grey cloak flowing behind him , he is not often seen with his hood off . There is a black mask in the hood , hiding his face . Tywerd Thargerion , is this man's name . He tends to keep his identity a secret from the free - folk , since his kind is nearly at their end . A dunedain , wandering the lands of Eriador , unbound and fearless . Tywerd entered the prancing pony inn at bree-town . He looked around the Inn for a brief moment , adjusted his sword attached to his belt and walked to the table at the far corner of the inn where 3 hooded man was sitting . Tywerd approached the table , Took off his sword with its sheath and put it on the table . He raised his two fingers to call for Barliman Butterbur , He asked for an ale as he sat next to the hooded man . " You have fear in your eyes , brother. What news do you have for me ? " said tywerd . " Ann úminas needs your help . We are in danger " said the hooded man sitting next to him . " That , I can see .. " Butterbur arrived with his ale and tywerd thanked him for it , He took a sip from his drink and put it on the table . " .. What can i help you with ? " said tywerd as he expected an answer . " Glinghant, the gardens of Annúminas .. once a place of great beauty, now overgrown and fallen into ruin. The stagnant of waters of the gardens have become corrupted by the fell spirits of Angmar, and evil Men do their bidding... We must get rid of this evil . " said the hooded man with a desperate voice . These man were Wardens of Annuminas . Tywerd had helped them in the past and have done many deeds for them . They considered him one of their own , and respected him as a brethren would do to another . " I understand , and i will help you ." Tywerd said " tell me more of this place." " Four terraces, each with a large body of water in the middle that flows down from waterfalls from the fourth and final are stairs that lead up from one terrace to the next on either side of these pools. Access to each terrace beyond the first one is blocked by sets of gates, which are controlled by six levers on the first terrace. The levers always need to be pulled simultaneously, and failure to pull them correctly results in more enemies coming." " How do you know so well of this place ?" said tywerd . " We built that place long ago . Now it is in the hands of our enemies . We tried to solve it ourselves , but we failed . We need your help Tywerd . " said the hooded man . " Aye , I understand , you do not need say more . I shall be at Annuminas as soon as i can " Tywerd Grabbed his sword from the table , bid it to his belt after the wardens left the Inn . He flipped a golden coin with his fingers and tossed it at butterbur . He catched the coin in the air and Tywerd said " Thank you for your services " as he left through the door . A golden coin was worth more than a tankard of ale , but there was more to it then the eye saw . Maybe an old debt between butterbur and Tywerd ? He went to his horse , leaf , a rare found black horse with white dots on It , Leaf was equipped with a brown saddle . Tywerd rode leaf away from the Inn and headed for the west gate of Bree . CHAİNED A s Tywerd left bree , darkness fell upon the fields of Bree-land . Tywerd made it to the southern bree-fields and decided to camp nearby . He searched his surroundings for wood , then made campfire with the woods he have found . He lied down near the campfire , It was a place that could not have easily been spotted . But he heard noises coming through the ruins . He quickly got up and put out the fire . He whispered " Quiet , Leaf ! " . He got behind a wall and leaned to see who was coming . What he saw was 2 brigands coming to his direction . " Keep your eyes open " said one of the brigands . He had iron armor with a sword at his belt . Other brigand gave him a disturbing and loud laugh and said " None of these bree fools are brave enough to dwell in our ruins ! " " Even if you are right , we still need to check . You take the west flank and i'll take east . " said the heavily armored one . Tywerd quickly passed to the other side of the column he was hiding behind when the brigand turned to him and started walking towards him . He looked at his left and saw the other brigand that headed west . Then he quickly turned to his right . the brigand passed by him not seeing tywerd in the dark of the night , tywerd pulled out his dagger and stabbed brigand in the back while holding his mouth so he doesn't scream . He slowly put the body of brigand on the ground so he doesn't make a sound and alert other brigands of his presence . He grabbed his body and hid it in the bushes . When he heard the other brigand moving towards him , twaddling about the webs all the spiders leave around the ruins " Seriously , I hate these spiders . What are they even doing around here ! " He waited a couple of seconds and waited an answer . He thought to himself he could not have gotten far away , he just left him . He yelled at him once more " Where are you ! " Tywerd knew if he didn't shut him up he was going to alert the rest of the brigands . So he flipped the other side of the dagger that was covered in blood . Held the dagger from the blade and quickly appeared before the brigand . Before he could even say anything tywerd threw the knife at him , killing him as he stands . Tywerd than started going back to the campfire to get leaf and get out of there . But then .. He heard a scream .. a woman's scream .. He started walking silently and quickly walking toward the center of the ruins . Covering behind columns , switching between as he proceeds to the center . He then came to the walls of the ruins , where he hid in the shadows . " Shut up woman ! " yelled one of the brigands . He had a good quality sword hanged at his belt , Tywerd assumed that he was in charge of these brigands . He looked at the woman that was screamed. She stopped screaming , her tears were falling down upon her dress . That moment tywerd saw her . He realised how gorgeous she was , beyond comparison . She had a long brown hair and stunning brown eyes . She was wearing a dwarven made robe along with fingerless gloves .She was chained to the old column rear side of the campfire . " Please ! what do you want from me ! " said the chained woman to the captain of brigands . Captain was laughing at the woman and he said while smiling " We will have fun with you , darling ! " He looked at his man near him and they all laughed as they proceeded to eat their newly cooked meat while making her watch . Tywerd saw in her eyes that she was fearing for her life . Tywerd counted the man , there were 4 including the captain . He saw an archer above a column . He was scouting the surroundings . Tywerd took his bow from his back and shot the brigand from his chest , he fell on his back and made noise . One of the brigands said " Huh ? What was that ? I'll go check it out . " When he started walking to the back there were only 2 of them remaining near the campfire . He shot the one sitting near the campfire with his bow . Captain saw his brigand brother falling on the campfire and his face burning . " Come out wherever you are ! I promise i will make your death quick ! " he said to tywerd . Tywerd quickly left his former location and passed through the walls of ruins . There were little gaps between the walls like the one tywerd was standing at . He found another gap between walls and watched the other brigand returning behind the wall . Before he could yell tywerd's position to the captain he was shot an arrow through his neck , instantly killing him . The brigand captain was scared . His hands started shaking , his eyes started looking for tywerd . At that moment tywerd came forward near the woman , and facing the captain . They both pulled out their swords and started fighting when the woman yelled at tywerd " Don't kill him ! We need him alive ! " Tywerd got surprised by what she just said , but it was too late , he pierced his chest like he was an animal and threw his corpse at a side . Tywerd slowly walked towards the woman and leaned on his knees and said : " I don't understand , He was going to do .. " " I know that , you idiot ! " She took a deep breath and yelled at the bushes . " Okay ! Play time is over guys , get me out of here " . Suddenly man and woman started coming out of the bushes with their weapons ready . Some had bows , some had swords , some had axes . But tywerd knew they weren't a simple group of brigands . One of the man came and released the woman of her chains . " Who the hell are you ? " said the man to tywerd angrily. " I am Tywerd Thargerion , but the real question is who are you? " " Okay Thargerion , I do not know why you have chosen this night to be a hero , but you do not know what you just did ! " As the woman got untied by the man , wearing