EDITED: 7/25/2017 Hello my readers. Just a few warnings about LoO before reading: 1) Updates are sporadic at best, but I'm making an active effort to update more. 2) Romance aspect comes in a bit later, but it will be there. PM me or leave in a review who you want, since it's pretty open and I like teasing at possibilities. 3) Percy is rather overpowered... I have warned you. It's explained as to why he is, but I want to make it clear: OP!Percy. 4) A bit darker than the original series, but there will be light-hearted moments. 5) Storyline is not going to be the same as the original series, so if you're looking for Percy going through the same prophecies as before, this isn't the place. If you're alright with those five, then please—enjoy! AU. When Perseus Jackson, five-year-old orphan, wandered the world, he is taken in by the least likely Olympian. Overtime, Percy became a ruthless warrior—the secret weapon of Olympus. Without knowing it, Percy sets a whole new prophecy in motion, rousing an ancient enemy; one that will require all of Olympus to destroy. How will history differ this time? Percy/? ARC I: PROLOGUE " The beginning is the most important part of the work." — Plato Legend of Olympus Birth of a Legend The Fates sat in an ancient room, properly adjourned by the eldest Greek décor. Their long, wispy gray hair billowed behind them, as if there were a nonexistent air current blowing through the room. However, that was impossible—there were neither windows nor doors for wind to blow through. They were, simply, in another dimension that belonged only to the Fates. This world was shared with the faded gods and goddesses of ancient Greece and Rome alike, allowing accommodation for deities that have lost their will to survive in the mortal world. The Moirai were excited. They were weaving a thin piece of string, a brilliant green one at that, and jabbering excitedly, planning deaths and betrayals and setting up an epic tale that will be told for generation upon generations. They were building the life of a man who would destroy gods and titans alike, a man who would be unmatched by any other mortal soul. The age of heroism was long gone, but this man was going to usher in a new Golden Age, one that will keep the world in peace for many centuries. His power would be terrifying, able to frighten the mightiest of Olympians with a single stare. Yet life had to have balance, they decided, so he would also suffer greatly from tragedy and betrayal of the worst kind, never able to love someone without unknowingly dooming them to a terrible death. Such was the fate of a hero who would change the world. "It is about to begin," Clotho, wisest and kindest of the sisters murmured. They whispered excitedly, preparing themselves to witness the greatest story ever told. The room grew silent with anticipation. Decades of work and planning had finally come to fruition. She snapped her fingers once… … and in a completely different dimension, a baby with sea green eyes was born. Correction. A legend was made. Percy was a month old when something tried to kill him for the first time. A pair of snakes slithered into his basket when his mother wasn't watching. When she noticed, she screamed her head off—not because she was scared that the snakes would kill her baby, but because her child held a dead snake in each hand, their necks ripped clean off their body and blood flowing from their wounds. They dissolved into gold dust. - Ω - A year later, when he was one year and one month old, Percy learned how to swim—although his stubby little legs dog paddling in the water is probably not swimming and the floatation devices on his shoulders were probably doing most of the work. He liked the ocean. He liked the ocean a lot. So his mother took him there often, and he'd sit in the tide and watch in fascination as the water rushed through his legs—but he never got wet. The water seemed to bend to his will, slithering all over his body and keeping him cool on a hot day. It seemed to pull at him, to beg him to swim out into the sea as if he belonged there , as if he were the sea's master. One day, he talked to a fish. His mother found him and immediately took him to a mental clinic to get her son checked. Obviously he was okay, but Percy swore that the fish spoke to him. - Ω - When Percy turned two, he killed his first hellhound. At his second birthday party, someone brought him a little puppy in a box. Or at least the kid claimed it was—Percy completely missed the fact that the kid had only one eye. When Percy brought the "puppy" back to his New York apartment, he honestly couldn't wait. After all, getting a puppy for a birthday gift was awesome for a person of his age. So, barely skipping a beat, he bounded up the stairs as fast as his little stubby legs could possibly carry him. In his room, he quickly opened the present. It wasn't a puppy. Whatever that thing was—with its black fur, blood-red eyes, and impossibly sharp teeth—it was not a puppy. It was like something straight out of hell; well, it technically was, but Percy didn't know that. The two gazed at each other for a few quick seconds before the thing pounced. Time seemed to slow for Percy. He could see the hellhound's spit fly out of its mouth, the cold murder in its red eyes. Instinctively, Percy sidestepped and grabbed the thing's head, smashing its neck against the night desk in one, slick motion. With a slight gurgling sound, the hellhound tried to free itself from the demigod's grasp, but Percy snapped its neck without even thinking. In morbid fascination, the kid watched the hellish puppy dissolve into golden dust. His mother came up to see what all the commotion was, and the moment the woman laid eyes upon the golden dust, she turned as pale as a ghost. Not even listening to her son's questions, she immediately left the house… … and returned with a smelly drunk—Percy's new step-dad. - Ω - Percy was apparently a freak. Or so everyone told him. He was only three, and he never got along with anybody at the day-care he was going to. Every time his mother brought him back to the apartment—which now smelled like beer and body odor—his stepfather would curse at them in drunken rage and his mom would send Percy off into his own room. The earth shook in response to his anger (but he didn't notice that). One day, his mother snapped. She dropped him off in front of the apartment and left, only to return a few hours later even drunker than his stepfather. When she tucked him in, all she did was curse at him in words he didn't understand— fucking freak, ruined my life— and that probably hurt him more than the beatings or cigar burns that his stepfather, Gabe, would give him. Day-care wasn't better… he had a hard time learning due to his dyslexia and always got in trouble due to his ADHD. The teachers there were seriously underfunded, because they sucked at what they did. So, during class, Percy would read the first-grade level books while everybody else just started learning the ABCs, because books made him forget about how terrible his life was. They made fun of him for reading while everybody was running around, but he didn't care. He overcame his dyslexic problem. So Percy threw himself into reading and math, reading books years above him, competing in competitions and earning awards that he hoped would make his parents proud. It didn't. Gabe just ripped up his awards back at home. - Ω - At three-and-a-half, Percy visited his mother's candy shop. She made good wages, enough to keep their apartment and enough liquor for both Gabe and her to drink. Although Gabe was drunk more often, his mother was the perfect devil when she drank too much. Percy's body had scars hidden underneath his t-shirt that he didn't dare to show anybody, and he always distanced himself from people. Once, he had a time to be innocent, but he lost that opportunity long ago. The candy shop was nice smelling and warm—everything his house wasn't. He refused to admit that the apartment he had to live in was home; home was where the heart is, and Percy's heart was everywhere but there. Sometimes, he dreamed of running away, but then he'd realize that he's just a three-year-old with an overactive imagination. There was a little girl sitting by the fireplace, about six years old. Something about her made Percy's cold heart warm up, and he slid onto the log next to her. His mother told him to never talk to strangers (for his own safety? No, more like so nobody would learn of what went on back home), but it felt as though an unseen force was lulling him towards the girl. She was poking the fireplace with a stick, tending to it as if she'd done it all her life. "My mother says that children shouldn't play with fire," Percy commented, his voice sounding much more mature than his age. "It could burn them." She smiled, a sight so perfect that Percy's entire head blushed red. He looked down, black hair falling over his green eyes, and said the first thing that came to his mind. "You're pretty." The second the words escaped his mouth, Percy wanted to shove them back down and store them in a place that nobody would ever find, because he was so embarrassed right now that it wasn't even funny. He knew that he was impulsive, but Percy had learned that he was downright stupid around girls. She chuckled and smiled kindly at him. "Your mommy must be a lovely woman." His heart dropped, and the mirth in Percy's eyes vanished. Almost instantly, the fire fell to a depressing low, and the girl looked visibly disturbed by that. She poked the fire for a little bit before casting a worried glance at Percy's direction. "I'm sorry," she whispered. Gently, the girl pressed her lips against his forehead. "Never loose hope, my little hero. You'll become great one day." Without another word, she stood up and started walking out the candy shop. Desperate to know more about the girl, Percy sprinted after her. "Wait! What's your name?" She only chuckled and walked out the door. A warm feeling spread throughout his body, and he swore that the smell of cookies rang in the air. A slight whisper in the breeze caught his ears, one so gentle that he was afraid that if he moved, it would disappear. I'm where the home is . Unbeknownst to Percy, the fireplace surged back to full strength. - Ω - At the age of four, Percy grew even colder than ice. At school, he was made fun of for being a "geek" or a "nerd." He looked those terms up on the classroom computer and told his classmates that technically, they were incorrect, but they would just reply with a, "See? Just proved my point." At a very young age, Percy knew that there were evil in the world. He just didn't know how much there was. His classmates despised him for being better academically than they were. They called him vicious names— butt-smelling nerd —and the teachers just stood there and watched. None of they tried to help because Percy was pretty sure that they hated him too, for asking too many question during class time. Percy found out about Greek mythology pretty early on in the