Chapter 1: I sit on the couch in our spacious living room. Tomorrow's the Reaping for the Seventy-Second Hunger Games. It's going to be hard. Finnick, Annie, Mags and I are going to be responsible for training two children to fight and survive. The odds aren't exactly in our favor. There are twenty-four of them. Only one comes out. Even if one of our tributes wins, we'd be losing the other. I feel a strong hand clamp down on my shoulder. I whirl around and see my lovely husband, Finnick standing behind me. His sea green eyes stare at me, trying to read my expression. I didn't even hear him come in. "Snow isn't going to kill anyone like we thought." He says, sitting on the white cushion next to me. Snow found out that I didn't 'service' his client from the Capitol like I said I would, so he threatened to take some action against us. We assumed it was killing my only family member left, which is my Dad, but apparently it's not. "What is he going to do?" I ask him, fear taking over. What could be worse than killing my father? "He's going to let you off the hook." He sighs heavily and looks up at me through his lashes. Yeah, that's definitely worse. "What?!" I gasp. He's probably brewing something much more evil than death for my father in that horrific mind of his. "He wants to meet with you." Finnick says, leaning forward putting his head in hands. "No," I say stubbornly. He gives me a look. "You can't say no to him, we both know that more than anyone." He says. I nod. That is true. I get up and stretch, lately I've been under the weather. "When is this meeting?" I ask him. "After the Games." He says. I furrow my brow. "Why so long?" I ask. He shrugs his shoulder. I shake my head. I walk into our bedroom and look out the huge glass wall that gives me the perfect view of the ocean. I watch as the blue wave's crash against the dark and glistening rocks. Finnick enters the room and looks out of the window with me. "Your Dad is coming over tonight for dinner." Finnick reminds me. "What time is it?" I look at the digital clock on the nightstand. It reads 5:37. "Better get ready now, Mrs. Odair." He says. I laugh. I'm still not used to that yet. I walk to the bathroom, and shower quickly. I step out and start blow drying my hair, and braiding it. I got to keep some of the products from the Capitol. Lavendaria slipped me some amazing makeup products and Quinton gave me some basic hair tools. Which reminds me, people in the Capitol still haven't gotten over the craze of me and Finnick's wedding. Re-runs of it are still playing. It's absolutely ridiculous how excited the citizens of Capitol get over their Victors. I start working on my face, pushing some gold eye shadow and black eyeliner on my green eyes. I don't have a full face of makeup on, but at least it's something. I walk in my closet and push apart the many clothes that Silvarius has stocked my closet with. I decide something casual would be nice. I slide on dark denim Capri's, and a white lace shirt. I nod at myself in approval in the mirror. It'll have to do. I run downstairs and see Finnick pulling a chicken roast of the oven. I can only cook shellfish and fish, and even then, it's not that great. So Finnick takes up most of the cooking. "It smells great in here." I say, hopping on the counter. I spot a juicy carrot, and swipe it from the pan, burning my finger and my mouth in the process. Finnick smacks my leg lightly. "Paws off. Dad will be here soon, and then we can dig in." He chuckles. "Sorry, I can't help it. You cook amazing food." I say, jumping down and wandering into the study, which is filled with my sketches. I've taken up sketching. It's something I enjoy, I love bringing my ideas and inspiration to life. I've tried painting and sculpting, but I'm not that artistic. I usually sketch the ocean, things around the house, pictures of Sara, and sometimes I'll sketch Finnick. I hear a knock on the door. I put down the sketchpad I was holding, and run to the door. It's my Dad most likely. I open the door to reveal a very happy looking Dad. "Hey, Dad." I greet him with a hug. "Hey, Sea. How are you?" He asks. I know he's asking about the whole situation with Snow. Since the incident at my wedding, I kind of had to inform my dad about who our beloved President really is. "Great. I'm off the hook; Snow just wants to meet with me. After the Games." I say. My dad furrows his brow. He walks past me and goes straight to the kitchen to where Finnick is. I walk after him. "Does she have any other options?" My dad asks him. "I'm afraid not. I don't know what he's going to say, but I can't go with her this time. They will be on the lookout. They will definitely catch me." He sighs, and runs a hand through his bronze hair. "Could I go?" My dad asks. My eyes widen. "No, it's too dangerous." I say. "Exactly. It's too dangerous. I don't want you to go alone!" He suddenly yells. I jump. "Dad, it doesn't matter if I have a whole army with me, it will be even more dangerous if I bring someone." I explain. My dad just scoffs and looks down, shaking his head. "How about we eat dinner. This meeting isn't until the Games are over. There's no use in worrying about it now." Finnick says. I nod my head. My dad steps over to me and hugs me. "I love you. I just want you to be safe." He whispers. "I love you too Dad." We all sit down at the small kitchen table and dig into the delicious meal Finnick cooked. We all chat about pointless things, trying to lighten the mood. The rest of the night, we go onto the patio and light a fire in the fire pit. After a while, my dad heads over to his house, well, my old house. Finnick and I stay on the shore, watching the stars. It was a great night. "Remember when we said our vows in the ocean?" I ask Finnick, tracing patterns on his shirt. "I think that will be hard to forget." He laughs, his chest moving, messing up my pattern of a flower I was tracing. "The sky looked exactly like this. The stars were so bright, they sparkled." I say, admiring the beautiful sky. "Yeah, they did. What's your favorite part about Earth?" He asks me. I think for a moment. "Probably the ocean. It always seems to soothe me. It was the last time I was with my sister. Even though, that was when she died, it holds a piece of her. It reminds me of her." I say. He winds his fingers into mine. "Mine is the ocean too. It's where I vowed to my beautiful wife, that I would be hers until the end of my days." He kisses the side of my head. I smile and snuggle closer to him. I wake up the next morning feeling refreshed. I get up and look in the full length mirror. My blonde streaked hair is in tangles. I'm too lazy, so I just fishtail braid it. I pull on one of Finnick's shirts and head out to the kitchen. All of a sudden I feel nauseous. I clamp my hand over my mouth and run to the bathroom, losing last night's dinner. I sit up, and wipe my clammy forehead. This couldn't be a result of Finnick's food; everything was fresh, and cooked to perfection. Maybe I'm just stressed about the Games? Today is Reaping Day. Which reminds me, our prep teams should be here soon. "Nikki?" I hear Finnick calling tiredly. "In here." I croak. He walks in, a confused look on his face. "Are you okay?" He asks. "Yeah, I just threw up. I'm not sick, probably just nervous." I say. He extends his hand to me, pulling me up. "Are you sure?" He asks. "Yeah, I'm fine." I say. He kisses my cheek, and then runs to the door, to open it for the prep team that just knocked. "Finnick!" Raquel shrieks. It's been a while since we've seen them. The old gang is back. "Oh Nikki. I see we haven't moved on from our indecent in public stage." She jokes, I think. I mean this isn't exactly public. "Alright, let's go, we are on a tight schedule." Raquel snaps. Everyone gets to work immediately. I am whisked upstairs to start on hair and makeup. "How's married life treating you?" Lavendaria asks, while prepping my face. "It's been great. Marrying Finnick is the best decision I've made so far." I laugh. She laughs along. "What have you been up to?" I ask her. "I've actually been drawing out makeup plans for you. What do you think about a new color scheme?" She asks me. "Well what did you have in mind?" I question. She dives into telling me all about her color theories, and how different colors would change how the eye perceives my face. I didn't know there was so much science and precision to makeup. I thought you just slap on some makeup and make it look pretty. After Lavendaria is done with my makeup, I feel nauseous again. I run out of my bedroom at the speed of light, and to the bathroom just in time. I puke into the white porcelain. Quinton rushes in, a worried expression on his face. "Are you okay?" He panics. I nod my head weakly. "Yeah. I'm fine." I say. He helps me up. I wipe the corners of my mouth with toilet paper. "Okay…" He trails off, not believing me. I go back to my bedroom and sit in the chair. He eyes me before brushing out my hair. "You don't feel sick at all?" He asks. I shake my head and shrug my shoulders. "How long have you been feeling this way?" He questions me. "I don't know. Recently. Maybe since last week?" I say. He nods. He doesn't say anything else; he just continues to comb my hair, styling it into a high ponytail with a braid and feathers. "All done. Silvarius is in the guest bedroom." He directs me. I smile weakly and walk into the hallway. I see Finnick at the end of it, standing in the doorway to one of the other bedrooms, talking to someone from the inside. He turns around and spots me. "Hey gorgeous." He greets me. He kisses me, and then recoils. "You threw up again didn't you?" He says sourly. I laugh. "Sorry, should've warned you." I stick out my tongue and push open the white door. I see Silvarius standing in front of a window, looking out to the ocean. "Hey." I greet. She turns around and smiles at me. "Navy blue romper today." She points to the bed, where a silk navy blue romper lays. "Navy blue is my favorite color." I say, and slide into the silky material. "It looks really nice on you." She compliments. I smile at her. "So what's this puking business? Are you sick?" She asks wearily. Word travels fast. "I don't know. I feel fine. I just want to sleep, and eat. Some food makes me nauseous though. It's weird. I think I'm just puking because of stress, or nerves." I explain. Her mouth drops open. She stares at me for a while. "What…?" I say,