A/N: Helllooo~! I am excited to announce that I am obsessed with the Percy Jackson series again. I started rereading the series and I am almost done with the first series then I am going to The Heroes of Olympus series afterwards… I also need to reread the Kane Chronicles. Spencer: Shouldn't you be concentrating on Fiction Becomes Reality, Crest of Innocence, and Backlash of a Portal? And not be writing anymore stories like this one and that Naruto one you are currently writing? Squirpsdolphin/Shelby: I'm getting to it, don't worry! Now onto the story! Disclaimer: I don't own any of the demigods, Gods, Rachel, and Tyson. I only own my oc. Chapter 1: Awakenings and Grand Arrivals Little bunny Foo Foo Went hopping through the forest Scooping up the field mice And bopping them on the head Down came the Good Fairy, and she said "Little bunny Foo Foo I don't want to see you Scooping up the field mice And bopping them on the head." I'll give you 3 chances, And if you don't behave, I will turn you into a CRASH~! I bolted up into a sitting position from laying in my bed just sleeping about bunny Foo Foo hopping in the forest. I rub my eyes, getting the sleep buggers out of them as I look around the room trying to pick up what woke me up. I see a cloaked figure coming towards me from my knocked over desk chair and a pile of school papers I have to go through when I get the chance. I study the cloaked figure, trying to figure out who it could be. "Shelby… I need you to go run an errand for me." The figure said. I yawned and sat up more as I recognized the cloaked figure to be Hecate, her hood down unlike the other times she visited me with her hood up. Hecate looked about twenty, like in House of Hades, and dressed in a knee-length maiden's skirt and hunting boots, much like Artemis. Her hair was dark auburn, and rippled down her back in waves, and she wore a simple silver circlet around her head. Her features were sharp and angular: High cheekbones; straight, pointed nose; sharply defined chin; lips so thin they were almost nonexistent. Hecate's eyes were the color of butter, with long slitted cat-like eyes. "What is the errand?" I asked her, glancing at my alarm clock making out the time being 4:30am in the morning. I groaned and tilted back until I landed back on my back, trying to go back to sleep. "Its 4:30 in the morning, can't it wait till oh I don't know… Maybe in a couple of hours?" I muttered. "No it cannot wait. I need you to go talk to the Gods on my behalf and explain to them what I want them to read. I also sent some people back in time to read along with the Gods. You will need to bring all the Percy Jackson books you have and even the next series also. They will be reading all of them for the future and mostly because I want to see the Gods reactions to the books." Hecate said, pulling me up from the bed shoving my backpack in my hands and pushing me to my desk where all my Percy Jackson books are and the Heroes of Olympus books are. 'Great… I can't wait.' I muttered as I shove all the books into my backpack that's a mansion on the inside but ordinary backpack on the outside. "How many people did you send back in time? And when in time did you send them?" I asked, walking towards Hecate so that she can send me to a different dimension. "You will find out when you get there, and a year before Luke Castellan steals the lightning bolt. But I am not quite sure, so you will need to ask when you get there. Don't forget to have Hades be there too. You ready?" Hecate said, creating a white fog in the middle of my bedroom. I place my backpack on my back as I nod. Hecate raises her hand at me and the white fog surrounds me as it transports me to a different dimension. The fog kept whipping in my face as I traveled with immense speed through the fog. All of a sudden the fog evaporates and I crash into the ground. I grumble as I stand up brushing myself off from the harsh landing, not bothered at all by the pain since I was used to the painful landings. I notice that I am wearing my cloak and that the hood is up and covering my face. I look up and take in what I see in front of me, which are the Gods. I glance behind me and see the people that Hecate sent back in time to read Percy's adventures. I gaze at the Gods in awe and disbelief. Zeus gives off a vibe that says he is imposing. He has long black shoulder-length hair with a gray-and-black neatly trimmed beard. He has brilliant electrically-blue eyes with a serious and proud, but very handsome face. Zeus's is wearing a dark blue pinstriped suit. Poseidon has black hair, a neatly trimmed beard, sea-green eyes, and a nice tan, as well as "smile crinkles" around his eyes and cheeks. He is wearing Birkenstocks (leather sandals), khaki Bermuda shorts, a shirt with coconuts and parrots on it, and a cap decorated with fishing lures which says "Neptune's Lucky Fishing Hat". Hera has very long, silver hair woven into braids with golden ribbons, a "sunny smile", and wears a lavish and dazzling white dress that ripples and "shimmers with colors" like oil on water when she moves. Hera also wears a glowing golden crown, and her arms are bedecked with golden jewelry. She also has brilliant brown eyes. Dionysus has a chubby face, a red nose and curly hair so black, it looks purple. He normally has watery, blue, bloodshot eyes from drinking. He is wearing tiger-striped Hawaiian shirts and purple running shoes. Athena is has long black hair and intense gray eyes She is wearing an elegant flowing gray robes, Greek battle armor, and a golden helmet on her head, which is decorated with pictures of gryphons, and sphinxes. Hermes has a muscular build, curly black hair, blue eyes, elfish features, and a sly grin. He has been known to wear nylon running shorts and New York City Marathon T-shirt while jogging. Artemis can appear as whatever she likes, but chooses to be the average age of her Hunters, which is around twelve. She has auburn hair and eyes as silvery yellow as the moon, and is incredibly beautiful. She is wearing a short tunic with her hair into a ponytail. Apollo appears as a handsome young man in his late teens, sandy hair, a bright cocky smile, and outdoorsy good looks. He is wearing a white, sleeveless T-shirt, blue jeans, and loafers. Demeter has long, wavy hair as blonde as ripe wheat, as well as large brown eyes. Her hair is braided with poppies and ears of wheat, while wearing a bright green dress and a black cape. Ares wears black jeans, combat boots, a leather duster, and muscle shirt with a bulletproof vest and an iron padlock necklace. He wears red tinted wraparound sunglasses to cover his flame-filled eye sockets. Hephaestus is a huge man with his shoulders at different heights and a huge, bulging, misshapen head and his leg in a creaking steel brace, with a wild brown beard that sparks fire from time to time. He wears a jumpsuit that is clean and elegant. Aphrodite had shoulder length hair, a graceful neck, and a great figure. She is wearing jeans and a snowy white top, while looking at clothes on the 50% off rack. Hestia has long mousy-brown hair and "warm and cozy" eyes of red fire. She wears a simple brown dress or robes with a scarf wrapped around her head. Zeus and Hera's thrones were both at the far end of the council hall. Their thrones were also the only two that faced the doors. All the male Olympian's thrones were all on the left facing the right and the female Olympian's thrones were all on the right facing the left. The order for the male's side is Zeus, Poseidon, Ares, Apollo, Hephaestus, and Hermes. The order for the female's side is Hera, Demeter, Athena, Aphrodite, and Dionysus who was given Hestia's spot for her throne. Hestia has her throne by the hearth. Zeus' throne was made out of yellow Egyptian marble that had small pieces of gold built into it for decoration. The throne was so large that it had seven steps leading up to it, each one colored with a color of the rainbow. There was a large blue covering over the throne, symbolizing the sky. On the right arm of the throne was a ruby-eyed eagle that had jagged strips of tin in its beak which symbolized that Zeus could kill any enemies by throwing lightning at them. Zeus has a purple ram's fleece over the chair. Hera's throne was made out of ivory. There were only three steps leading up to her throne but they were all made out of rainbow crystal. On the back there were several golden cuckoos and willow leaves. Above the throne hung a moon. She sat on a cowskin. Poseidon had the second-largest throne, only succeeded by Zeus' throne. Poseidon's throne was the closest to Zeus' and was made of gray-green white-streaked marble. It was decorated with coral, gold, and pearls because Poseidon was the god of the seas. The arms took the shapes of sea beasts and Poseidon sat on silk, sleek seal skin. Directly across from Poseidon's throne and next to Hera's throne was Demeter's throne. Her throne was made of bright green malachite and had golden barley and miniature golden pigs (for luck) all for decoration. Her symbol was the poppy and it glowed blood red against the barley. Hephaestus' throne was made out of every kind of precious metal and stone there was to be found. The seat was able to swivel and the arms were adjustable. The whole throne moved along with Hephaestus' will. Athena's throne was made of silver. Along the back and the sides were golden baskets, because Athena is also the goddess of crafts. There was also a violet crown made out of blue lapis lazuli set atop the throne. The arms ended in the heads of a smiling Gorgon. There was an owl on her throne. Aphrodite's throne was also made of silver but it had beryls and aquamarines built into it. Also, the back of the throne was made into the shape of a scallop shell. The seat was made of swans down and at her feet was a golden mat that had bees, sparrows, and apples woven onto it. Ares' throne was made of brass which was very strong but ugly. There were brass knobs that were made into the shape of human skulls. Also, the cushion was made out of human skin. 'Icky' Apollo's throne was made of gold and was extremely polished. There were magical inscriptions all over the throne. The back was in the shape of a lyre, Apollo's symbol and he had a python skin to sit upon. Hung above the throne, a sun-disk with twenty-one rays shaped like arrows because Apollo is sometimes said as the god of the Sun and light. Artemis' throne was made of silver and she had a wolf skin to sit upon. The back was shaped like a moon with a date palm on each side. 'Sweet' Hermes' throne was made out of stone. The arms had been cut to resemble ram heads and there was a goatskin for the seat. On the back, there was a carving of a symbol for the