a/n: Debating whether to keep this a one-shot or move forward with it. There's more backstory built into it than belongs in a one-shot, but I just don't know if/when I'll have the time to expand on it. Would love feedback to know if anyone thinks it's worth moving forward. Cheers! Derby Girls: "5 o'clock! 5 o'clock!" "Coming round on 3!" "She's all elbows!" "Whip 'er!" "Low, comin' low!" The shouts around her created a cacophony that only a derby girl could appreciate—and Katniss could decipher every comment until she ducked her way out of the cluster of elbows, knees and shoulders to clear the pack. Slamming her hands down on her hips twice, she called an end to the jam, claiming the 12 points her roller derby team, The Dirty Dozen, needed to secure the district championship as the play-clock ran out. From the center of the ring, she could hear Gale's voice rise above. "That's my girl on fire!" Jo rounded on her and pulled her into a head lock, jarring her helmet at an odd angle, causing her to cough. "Careful with the goods, Jo!" "Way to go, Brainless! Denver, here we come!" Jo let go of her long enough to grab her hand and tug her past their team bench to grab water bottles and then toward the seats where Katniss's sister, Prim, and Prim's boyfriend, Rory, were cheering. "You guys coming to the after-party?" Jo huffed out. "I owe this gorgeous wench at least three rounds for the number of hits she got in on that cunt Cashmere." She pulled Katniss against her again and placed a loud playful kiss on her helmet. Prim glanced around. "Jo, language. People have their kids here!" "That's their mistake for bringing wee ones to a bloodbath. Not my problem!" Katniss laughed and shook her head, "You know this is how we recruit new players, right? Mothers are some of our toughest players—they've got so much frustration to work out." "Yeah, and they're also some of our most unpredictable. Take Annie over there! Did you see the hit she delivered on Clove?! She's gonna have one helluva bruise on her ribs tomorrow." Katniss turned toward Annie, aka Annihilatrix, and caught a brief glance behind her of familiar blue eyes and curly blonde hair. And then it was gone, blocked by the muscular chest of Annie's husband, Finnick, and his even larger laugh. She squinted slightly, unsure of what she had seen, and waved over to Finnick and Annie. "See you guys at the party?" "Just have to drop Finn off at the Grammy Mags's and we'll be there!" Finnick called back. Again, she thought she saw a tussle of blonde curls over Finnick's shoulder, but turned back to Prim as she heard the younger woman asking Jo questions about the upcoming regional championships in Denver. The Dirty Dozen had won the regional title for the last three years running, and they were hoping to go for four in a row, a flat-track derby record. They would find out who their competitors would be when the bouts in Phoenix ended later that day—while they were at the after-party at The Hob. "So I guess I better rustle us up some good places to crash in Denver," Jo said, mischief filling her voice. "Please no!" Katniss practically shouted, drawing the attention of half remaining people in the rink, including Gale. "What? You can't say roadtrips with me aren't interesting, Little Miss Pure." The last time Jo'd been left in charge of housing, they'd ended up at some ex-hook-up of Jo's who presumed that she was getting paid in sexual favors. Not that Jo didn't deliver, but Katniss certainly was not about to offer herself up on the menu. She'd only ever been with one sexual partner, Gale, and that hadn't exactly worked out too well. Jo, by comparison, had been arrested for public indecency in at least six states. That said, with how Katniss's life had been going lately, she was almost open to the idea of a random hook-up. She needed something to distract her from taking care of her mom and the two jobs she's been working to keep the family afloat, including keeping Prim in school. And, having gone for nearly two years without any sexual contact was wearing on her. She knew part of her aggression on the rink was sexual tension, but no amount of private time with her vibrator was getting done what she needed. It was at The Hob that she finally saw the head of blonde curls again and confirmed her earlier suspicion. She didn't know how Annie and Finnick knew Peeta Mellark, but she would've had a hard time forgetting him. Popular back in grade school, he'd always run in different circles from her, but she'd noticed him nonetheless. He had these nearly cobalt eyes that drew her in, and a friendly smile with a dimple in his left cheek. They'd never actually spoken beyond the very basic got-a-pencil-I-could-borrow dialogue, but she was intrigued by his presence now that they were adults. All the nerves and social standing of school were no longer relevant once you'd been released into the real world. She slipped into Haymitch's office and changed out of her risqué uniform in his private bathroom, leaving her bag to grab later. He wouldn't mind. After all, she was his most reliable employee—even more so than his drunken self—and she had the opening shift the next day. She was planning to crash on his couch and had packed her bag accordingly, tucking a pair of pajamas alongside the fishnets and electric razor that were prerequisites for every derby bout. Smoothing down the demin skirt and loose green silk tank top that didn't quite cover her toned stomach, she slipped back out to the bar and easily took her place by the taps, ready to pour drinks. Hearing a throat clear behind her, she spun around to face Gale. "What can I get you, Gale?" "Any chance you're on the menu? You look nice tonight, Catnip." "So a pint of lager, you say? One pint coming up." She turned back to the taps and started a stream of lager into a chilled glass. "Come on, Catnip. We're headed to the championships again. Don't you think it's time to forgive and forget?" She turned back to face him, one hand still on the glass as it filled. "Gale, I forgave you ages ago, but I'll never be stupid enough to forget…And stop calling me Catnip. I'm not eleven years old anymore." She topped off the pint, with a perfect ½ inch of head and handed it over to him. "It's time you grew up too." Jo squeezed herself into the bar, next to Gale, making great effort to rub her chest against Gale's. "Hey coach, got any pointers you want to go over in private tonight? I don't think the Girl on Fire is much in the mood for your notes." "I'm not woman enough for your tastes." "That's not true and you know it. I like men, I just prefer them a bit older and drunker." "Please stop lusting after my boss." Katniss jumped in as she plopped Jo's Jaegerbomb down on the bar. "I'll stop lusting when he stops being so dead sexy." Gale coughed. "Sexy? If you go for unwashed and unable to put together a sentence, sure, he's the living definition." "You jealous, coach?" Jo again rubbed herself lasciviously against Gale, her crossed-axe tattoo peaking out of the cleavage of her barely-there shirt. She poured Jo a second drink and slowly worked her way toward the end of the bar where Annie and Finnick were barely keeping their hands of each other. Peeta and another friend tried not to look awkward. When Katniss first caught Peeta's eye, she saw the spark of recognition in those beautiful cobalt blues and something that looked hopeful. She found herself smiling shyly, but kept walking toward them. "Annie, you have to stop kissing him long enough to order some drinks. Otherwise, stop hogging seats at the bar." Annie and Finnick broke apart and Finnick's winning grin met her. "Mockin' J! Two absinthes for the lady and I…you know how I love the sugar cubes…and get these two morose fuckers whatever they want too…My friends, Peeta and Thresh." "Hi Peeta. Thresh." "Hi Katniss." The grin on Peeta's face was barely a step short of ecstatic. Did he think she wouldn't remember his name? "You know her real name? Peeta, you been holding out on me?" Finnick ribbed him with his elbow. "How do you know Mockin' J?" Katniss jumped in before he could answer. "He went to grade school with Gale and I." She watched as a darkness seemed to drift through Peeta's features but he recovered quickly. "I haven't seen you since graduation." "Yeah, a lot has changed since then. How you been? Besides kicking ass every weekend." "Oh, yeah, a lot is an understatement. I tell you what, let me get your drinks and then I'll duck out to the other side of the bar so we can catch up." "You can take a break?" "I'm not really supposed to be working tonight. I just find if I hide behind the bar it keeps me from being too hungover the next day and from making any bad decisions." "And you're not afraid of bad decisions tonight?" "I'm overdue for a couple." She smirked at him as she moved to grab a bottle of tequila from under the bar. "Just give me a minute." She wasn't sure what had gotten into her tonight, but she was okay with it. Where five years ago she would have been too nervous to talk to Peeta Mellark, tonight it seemed like the most natural thing to do. Where five weeks ago, Gale hitting on her would have ticked her off, tonight she easily shrugged him off and watched Peeta's face light up as she kept her attention focused on him. Where five days ago, she wouldn't have thought it possible to bring herself to dance after all the negativity that had filled her life, tonight she found herself surrendering to the music and matching Peeta's every move and loving the feel of the effect she had on him. Where five hours ago, she wouldn't have dreamed of taking someone into Haymitch's office to have her way with them, tonight every time they sat to take a break and rest their legs, she kept trying to come up with excuses to get Peeta alone and naked. Finally, as she watched him rub absent-mindedly at his left thigh for the umpteenth time of the night, Katniss leaned across the table and placed her own hand over his. He bristled at first at the touch, but as her hand slid ever higher, the tension in his body changed from nerves to desire. "If you're feeling a little sore, I have Advil and some muscle cream in my bag in the back office. Why don't you come with me? I could use some too. Tonight's bout was rougher than most." The look that passed over his eyes was indecipherable, but he nodded in agreement. "Okay. Lead the way." They wove through the crowd, Jo winking at her from where she was grinding against a very drunk Gale, and she pulled a key from her back pocket as they approached the office. Slipping inside, Katniss immediately pushed Peeta back against the door once it was closed and molded her lips to his. After a surprised moment of delay, he responded eagerly, his hands finding their way along her sides and holding her to him as he'd been doing all night while they danced. For as sweaty as they were, he still smelled delicious—like cinnamon and dill and something distinctly Man. She found she couldn't get close enough to him, his lips and hands driving her to distraction as she wound