Welcome to the Land of No Sleep OG Characters (in Alphabetical Order): Avaline Duval; Jackson Hutchison; Charles Iliahtida; Killian Joyus; Vina Rosalina; A word from the Author: This story is the result of an online Percy Jackson role-play created by six individuals. The story is broken into pieces because each person posted one at a time to contribute, so most events will be experienced from multiple points of view. This tale was authored by many: the leader Avery, who acts as the rule-maker/enforcer, and plays as any generic NPC's, monsters, and her original character Avaline; Megan, the co-leader, who acts as Rachel Elizabeth Dare and writes prophecies; Aiden, who plays and created the character Killian; Kelcey, who plays her original character Vina; Josh, who plays his original character Charlie; and myself, Michael, who is an advisor to Avery and Megan, and plays as his original character Jak. While the events listed are based on everything that each person wrote, they have been edited to be longer and, naturally, to be more like my own writing style. Because of this, Jak has become more of a main character than he was as just an older, wiser figure in the real role-play. This just means the other characters will note his actions more often than others, and think of their connections to him rather than between others. I find this inevitable, as he is my own character and the one I know the most about, and hope that you like him as much as I do. Please enjoy this story and consider creating one of these events yourself! Chapter 1 (A Shared Dream): If there was one thing that was certain, it was that Camp Half-Blood was never boring. There was always something going on; whether that was the Hermes kids pranking the Aphrodite kids by replacing their facial creams with sunscreen, the Apollo kids singing in the daylight, the Demeter kids wandering through the fields, or the Ares kids murdering each other in the amphitheater, you could never say that Camp was dull. One particular day was no different: that morning, demi-gods all ran around as normal, but it was as if everyone was going through the day in a sort of daze. It happened so quickly and suddenly that if someone else was asked they'd have brushed it off as some sort of hallucination or daydream. Campers fell to the ground, passing out. "No, you can't do this! I helped you. Against all odds, against orders, I helped you!" A raven-haired man stood in a hole under shining metal bars, his green eyes looking up at someone: the campers above him watching the scene. The male looked exhausted and ready to pass out, like he was fighting off his slumber. "You'll regret this." He said with a yawn. The campers awoke moments later, brushing off the odd 'dream' and slowly started getting back to their daily lives. Most ignored the event, even forgetting it, until a few hours later when a certain red-headed girl came walking out of the Big House. It was rare to see her mingling with campers besides the Seven, which meant that something was happening, and that it was important. Killian had just gotten up, his head a little woozy. He pushed a hand into his black hair. 'Another prank,' he guessed, although he felt like he was forgetting something, and it was nagging at the back of his head, just out of his reach. Instead of trying to recall whatever it was, he set his mind to continuing his day. On Thursdays, during this time, he usually practiced his alchemy and restocked his supply of potions. Killian brushed the dirt off his pants, finished his trek towards the arts and crafts building, said hi to a couple of Hephaestus campers he was on familiar terms with, and sat down at his own workbench. He pulled some flasks and bottles out of the bag he had brought with him, careful not to break them, and thankful the bag was padded, so that whenever he had fallen earlier, they hadn't shattered. These particular bottles were filled with hydra venom, known for its corrosiveness. Currently, he was trying to develop a way to coat weapons with them to use as a poison, but whenever he would apply the venom, the weapons would melt. He didn't dare risk it on his own Stygian iron sword, but he wondered if the poison would destroy a magical item. Maybe he'd get one of the Hephaestus campers to loan him one. Charlie woke up from his sleep feeling quite ill. He thought that one of his cabin mates might have snuck some medicinal alcohol into the cabin and spilled it. 'It's happened before,' he thought, shaking his head, and rubbing his bright green eyes. The fumes from that stuff can knock anybody out. His nauseated head mixed with the absurd dream he remembered having was really killing his vibe. He got a drink of water to help clear his mind and then went to the infirmary to see how things were. As he headed there, the ground lightly shook. This was nothing out of the ordinary at Camp Half-Blood. 'Probably just Cabin 9 blowing itself up again,' he thought and laughed to himself. He got to the infirmary just as Jamie, one of his brothers, was leaving. "Hey, man!" Jamie said as Charlie walked in. "Hey! How was the graveyard shift?" Charlie inquired, never one to enjoy staying up all night. "Eh, not awful. Bed three has a dislocated mandible and bed five has a broken ankle. And…" Jamie looked down at the clipboard he was holding. "Bed nine has had a… mishap… with the Hecate cabin." "Hah. Okay, well you go and get your sleep, I'll take over in here." He watched as Jamie left the infirmary. Charlie then got to supervising the patients and making sure they were all comfortable and doing okay, all the while singing Blues in the Night by Eva Cassidy. Jak opened his eyes to the blue sky. As he sat up inside the arena, he noticed the knife he had just been fighting with lying beside him. "Well, that could have ended badly,' he thought. He got to his feet and noticed his cabin mates and the Hecate cabin members, who the Morpheus cabin had been practicing with, were also lying on the ground, or just standing up. "What the…," Jak murmured. He remembered having a small dream, but that's completely normal to Jak. His father is the god of dreams. He literally dreams all the time. This one seemed a little different than others, though, more… important. Jak flipped back through his mind to try to remember all the details. 'I was staring at some god… imprisoned in the ground. He was telling me to let him go… he told me I'd regret it. I remember smirking… and then I woke up,' Jak recounted. A dark feeling crossed his mind. That feeling of doing wrong, of being evil, was something he was all too familiar with. It reminded him of his time spent with… The times he's tried to forget. A young girl who was only a few days into camp Half-Blood cleared his mind. She had just regained her feet and stumbled, wondering aloud. "What happened? Why did we all fall down? Why was that man in the pit?" Jak walked toward his young half-sister and helped her up. Stretching his right arm down to her slightly revealed the white tattoo beneath the sleeve on his shoulder. "It's okay," he said. "It was only just a dream." He ruffled her hair. Jak then glanced over to the head of the Hecate cabin, who was looking a little bewildered. "How about we call it a day?" Jak called. "Sounds good to me. I've felt really off all morning," Lou Ellan replied. There were nods and murmurs of agreement from the other Hecate campers. Jak's siblings seemed a little more clear-minded about the issue, though. 'Obviously, something's going on here,' he thought. 'Something to do with dreams.' As his cabin began packing their things and heading to their other activities, Jak put his sister, Jordan, his second-in-command, in charge until lunch. "Right-o, Jackson!" she said, insisting on using his full name, which he hated since people then often confused him with Percy. Jak then reached down to the necklace he always wore, and grasped it with his fingers. With a soft flash of blue, an illusory lynx appeared beside him. "Let's take a walk," he said, and in deep thought, Jak began a stroll toward the woods. Vina was used to seeing weird things, but she was usually the one in control of whatever those things were. Today, she wasn't, and it frightened her a little more than she let on to her brother, Pollux. They had been chilling out in their cabin when, next thing she knew, she had apparently fallen off her bed and onto the floor. She stood up, her white hands shaking. "What was that?" She asked. "No idea, but I think we really need to drink a bit less Kool-Aid." Pollux smiled at her and she managed a small laugh. Already it seemed to her that the even was fading away. In fact, Vina couldn't even recall what it was she'd been worried about. "Ready to go do some training?" Vina pushed the trailing thought out of her mind before pulling her dark red hair back into a ponytail. "Sure thing." They headed outside to go join their friends in some archery lessons. Avaline Marie Duval was the newest girl in camp. Sure, they had people come in all the time and it was no big deal, but Avaline was catching a little more attention than she wished. The auburn-haired girl was moving around the Hermes cabin, cleaning what she could to try to help. It was her temporary home since she hadn't been claimed just yet. Right when she finished cleaning, though, the dream hit. She could see the god, the shadows moving around him and keeping him beneath the shining bars. It looked like some kind of magic kept him there but Avaline had little knowledge on it. She heard the words spoken to her. "Regret," was the word that hit her the hardest. It struck a personal chord within her own body. Avaline's eyes fluttered back open as she slowly sat up. She discovered that her head was hurting, and upon reaching her left hand up to touch it she could feel the warm liquid that now covered her fingertips and hair. "Ow…" she softly muttered and winced. On her way down, her head had apparently hit the edge of a bedside table. Of course, there was a vase that had been knocked off and broken as well. Just her luck, another reason for everyone to hate her. She slowly got up, her legs shaky, and went to find the broom. Her vision blurred, telling her that she likely had a concussion. Avaline sighed. After she was done sweeping the shards of the vase, she stumbled toward the infirmary, hoping that someone would help her. Killian had convinced Harley to make him a simple blade out of Celestial Bronze. With its magical properties, he thought for sure that the hydra venom would be unable to destroy it. Unfortunately, as soon as he let a drop onto the blade, it smoked and a hole burned through it. Killian felt Harley staring daggers at him from across the room, but chose to ignore her, instead wondering what he could do with his current problem. There had to be something he could add to the venom to make it workable. 'Damn, I should have brought more supplies with me.' Killian thought to himself. He thought of a couple of solutions that might work, but they were back in his cabin. 'Guess I'll have to head back in before I make