Summary: Ginny is forced to marry the Dark King, but her defiance lands her in the dungeons. Her cellmate spins a tale for her, explaining why he is nameless in a world where names have power. In a flurry of words, green eyes and emotions she can't contain, her world falls apart. Medieval AU. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. ''Oho, oho, The lord shall have seven sons, it's so! He will be grand, the best of the land, The seventh son of the seventh son, Gifted with magic, the blessed one, To serve the king will be his fate, The seventh son, we await.'' The halls inhabitants cheered and raised their goblets. ''To the seventh son of the seventh son, so lord Weasley may flourish!'' They drunk to that, cheeks flushed and breathless. It was hearty inside the hall- mead flowed freely and songs were sung, the scullery maids laughing and making their way through the crowd carrying plates. The children had long since fallen asleep on their mother's laps. The Weasley heir, William, and his brother Charlie, though, were still playing with the dogs. It was a game- how close could they come before the dogs snapped at them? And who could snatch their fingers away quickly enough to save them from the canines glinting in the firelight? It was a wonderful game filled with their boyish delight and a lot of shushing and giggling was involved- as long as their mother didn't notice, they would be able to play it. The doors were thrown open, and everyone fell quiet. A draft came through. It was in the middle of the night and the fields had been covered in snow for days. The frost was early that year, but these were the lands of lord Weasley. Nobody here would be cold as long as his lady lived. The man who stumbled into the hall fell to his knees, breathing hard and shivering, his clothing drenched. Lady Weasley gasped. ''Herald Diggle! Oh, you poor man, let's put you in front of the fire to dry!'' Herald Diggle shook his head as he found the breath to utter his message. ''The usurper reigns!'' Bill and Charlie must have told her about that night at least a thousand times, but Ginny didn't mind hearing it again. ''Pa and ma wanted to go to war with the Dark King. But they didn't, because you were in mom's stomach. The Weasley's bear only sons, after all, and you have six strapping lads like us as brothers. You, Gin,'' Bill leaned forward and bopped her nose, Ginny's eyes widening, ''are the first daughter born to the noble house of Weasley ever . Everyone thought you would be a boy, the seventh son of a seventh son. Such blessed child is vulnerable to magic as black as the Dark King's. '' Charlie nodded. ''It was different back then. There were no witch trials, for one. The Dark King murders all those who have more power than he. The King and Queen were his first victims, that's all.'' ''And the prince!'' Ginny cheered, tugging on Bill's sleeves. ''Tell me about the prince again!'' ''All right, all right,'' he laughed and began his tale anew. Ginny loved stories. Loved them like her mother's cooking, her father's smiles, and her brother's jokes. She would even say she loved them more than horses, but she wasn't sure if that was actually true. It was a hard choice, between tales that took her to places she had never seen, and the huge animals in the stables, that ran like the wind and carried her anywhere she wanted to go. The horse she liked the most was one of Charlies. All the horses were Charlie's actually, even if her father's name was on the papers pertaining them. Charlie liked horses too. More than women, in fact. Their mother despaired a great deal about it. ''I will never have grandchildren this way!'' she wailed when she thought Ginny was playing with her dolls in the drawing room. In truth, she'd snuck into the study to take some of her father's biscuits- he always pretended he didn't see if she took one. She scaled the closet side and perched on top when she heard her mother's footsteps in the hallway. Her father peered over the staples of paper in front of him, blinking at her. ''We have six sons and one daughter, Mollycoddles,'' he said, befuddled. ''I don't think we are going to be short on grandchildren.'' ''But what if…'' Molly sat down on the sofa, sighed and rested her cheek on her hand. ''I just want him to be happy, Arthur.'' Her father smiled- his eyes gentle. ''Then let him manage the stables.'' ''If you're it's for the best.'' And that was the end of it. Jinx was the name of Ginny's favorite horse. She was brown and big. Ginny's favorite character was the Prince. ''But the difference between the Prince and Jinx,'' she said earnestly to Percy, ''Is that Jinx is real and the Prince is not. So I should like Jinx more.'' Percy frowned. ''Ginny, the Prince is real. Or was, I guess.'' Ginny stomped her foot, hands on her hips, staring up at Percy. He was towering- even taller than the stove! Did he see everything like she did when she looked out the window of the castle's highest tower? Not the time for that question. Because she was mad, and when she mad, everything was smaller than her. ''No, he isn't ! Mum said people in stories are charkters and charkters are not real!'' ''Char a cters,'' he said looking down at her, ''are mostly fictional, yes, but sometimes stories are told about events that actually happened. For example, the royal family's murder and how the news reached us during your birth announcement.'' Ginny glared at him, stuck out her tongue and sprinted away. She burst into the kitchen, where her mother was stirring soup, her hair gathered neatly into a bun and an apron tied around her neck. ''Muuuuuum! Percy said the Prince is real!'' Her mother smiled, but it didn't reach her eyes. ''Of course he was, darling.'' Ginny's mouth fell open and clutched her chest. If the Prince was real, then… The story's ending. Her lips quivered. ''Does that mean he's really dead?'' Her mother covered her mouth with her hand and tugged her into her arms. ''Oh, honey.'' Ginny cried for days. The Prince had been a real boy, a baby, sweet and bright and everything good. He was dead. On the seventh day, she stopped. She had exhausted every single tear her body possessed. She felt empty. She knew she was sad. Her heart still ached at the thought of the little Prince. But the years went by, and she grew up. And with every Summer that passed, she became more beautiful. ''Hair like a flame, red as the blood in our veins, The girl has many a heart in chains, Her eyes the brownest in all of the south, The lass does not lack a strong mouth! Skin of porcelain, freckles the stars in the sky, Her spirit is ablaze, that none will deny, The seventh child, the only daughter, Of the seventh son, the lord of the water, Ginevra Weasley, oh, fate did befall, Is the fairest, the fairest, of them all.'' A beauty worthy of a crown- And indeed, on her fifteenth birthday, the Dark King send for her. ''The hell he's getting my sister!'' Ron shouted at the messenger- Fred and George sporting vicious smiles, Percy frowning, Charlie clenching his jaw, and Bill trying to stand in front of Ginny as if to hide her. Ginny decided there would be time for emotional turmoil later and shoved her brothers aside. ''Are you out of your mind, you nitwits?!'' she said, hands on her hips, ''I'm capable of taking care of myself, thank you very much!'' ''But Ginny!'' Ron said, ''The King wants to take you away!'' Ginny crossed her arms and glared at him. ''I'm aware of that, Ronald Bilius Weasley. But let's face it: the Dark King has an army, and we do not. I'm not letting him tear apart my family. I love you too much, and besides, if I rejected him, he'd probably kill me on the spot too. We know his kind. There's no use crying about it- I'm heading straight for the castle.'' Her mother cried and embraced her. ''Oh, my girl, be careful.'' Ginny smiled bitterly. ''I can't promise anything.'' Her father's face was grave, and when she waved from the carriage window, her brother's heads were lowered. She swallowed, her throat dry. But she had to do this. Her family was widely known as old reign supporters- one wrong move and the King would use it as an excuse to eliminate them. If she refused to marry him, it truly did mean war. The carriage wheels whirred. She dug her nails into her skin. Six Weasley brothers in a row, In the trees, the ravens crow. The fairest, the fairest of them all, All her suitors do bawl, Is in a case, no, a coffin, The blow none can soften. Lost forever, not coming back, Her mother wails, dressed in black, And though the girl is white as starch, She still lives during her funeral march. The carriage kept driving throughout the night- not stopping once. It is as if the horses don't need water, food or rest. Ginny wouldn't be surprised if the horses were an illusion. The Dark King employed sorcerers- as long as they did not become more powerful than he. On the seat across her was bread and a flask of wine wrapped in a shawl. She ate it when another night went by and they still weren't stopping. Being confined to such a small space made her feel claustrophobic- like a bird in a cage, not to be shown to anyone but it's owner, the door never left open for the fear of her flying away. It was stupid- she wouldn't try to escape. If she did, her family would suffer the consequences. When she arrived at the court, they let her go to the bathroom to freshen up (she hadn't been able to go for two whole days) before they guided her to the throne room. The curtains were heavy, but the huge windows allowed light to fall onto the stone floor. Ginny walked towards the King- Courtiers tittering and gossiping behind their fans. The ladies wore gowns laden with gems- which would have made Ginny uncomfortable in her own simple shift if they hadn't looked ridiculous. They wore powdered wigs- few had hair long enough to wring into the court's elaborate hairstyles. Their rouged cheeks and eyes lined with kohl were alien to Ginny, who came from the South, where only berry-juice painted lips in summer. The men wore pantaloons so tight she had to call them leggings- a sight she truly hadn't needed to see. Their jackets varied in color and design, but they all looked uniform and too bright with the gold and silver thread that appeared to be the latest trend. And there he is- waiting for her. The Dark King, Lord Voldemort. He was seated on a throne, arms strewn carelessly over the armrest, legs spread apart. It was dwarfed by his large frame. His skin was alabaster and chiseled and his jet-black hair was slicked back. His eyes were the color of wine, a clear sign of his favor for Auld Magic, and long dark lashes brushed against his cheeks when he blinked at her. The corner of his mouth curled up. ''Greetings, my future bride.'' A gasp went through the room. The King frowned at the courtiers. ''What are you still doing here? Chop, chop, leave us!'' He waved them away, too busy studying the girl-child to pay them any attention. The door fell closed behind them. Ginny didn't