DISCLAIMER for the entire series: The magical world and characters of Harry Potter will forever be the property of the magical J.K Rowling. I am only using them to showcase my love for her creation and beloved characters. They will never be mine, no matter how much I wish it. Only the characters you've never heard of are mine. PSA : This is a slight AU, OC-centric fic. It follows HP canon closely but due to the nature of it, some changes are bound to happen. This is also my first HP fic so feel free to review on how I handled everyone's personality. Feedback is much appreciated as well. Thank you and enjoy! CHAPTER 1: It's always raining here Rambunctious claps of thunder echoed from far away as a haze of gray-white clouds steadily moved through the harsh morning. Small street businesses and stalls quickly moved to close up shop once the wind kicked into high gear. A number of people hurriedly sought for shelter under the shades while some didn't bother at all. It was as if casual precipitation during this time of the month is normal for them and they remained about their day. The crowd that continued on the streets expertly pulled out similar looking umbrellas from their respective packs and kept moving. Just another September morning in the busy suburban town of London it seems. A deafening clap of thunder reverberates through the air again surprising a completely unsuspecting young man standing in the sidewalk. The young man stands about five feet tall in height. He sports locks of messy brown hair swept to the right so much so that almost covers his forehead. His brown colored eyes glanced on either side of the road before him whilst tapping impatiently on his arm. Matthias Braun clicked his tongue irritably. As his first act of autonomy without his father's or family's influence, Matthias dutifully hoped he didn't mess up by giving the wrong time and place to the cab company. He can't afford to miss the one-way train trip to his new school. Missing it would only result in tantamount scolding and-or, result in unnecessary complications no one wants to deal with. The wind picked up around him and Matthias looked up at the ominous sky. He grimaced at the thought of being caught under the foreboding rain and thought it wise to seek for shelter early on. He reached inside his knapsack and pulled out a blue hooded jacket from inside. He wore it on top of a black colored tee, with the words 'Better now or never' printed on it, before hauling his luggage behind him towards a nearby café. Just as he entered the small café veranda, the rain began to trickle. Matthias looked out into the street and scoffed at the slowly blurring image of the sidewalk as the downpour somehow turned into some monochromatic photograph. Mathias Brain hated the rain. Not just because he hated the sound it made on the roof, or the inconvenience it brings to someone like him that is overly unprepared for it; but because it reminded him of the night he was robbed off the most important person in his life. Three years ago, Matthias lost his mother to some whack-job with a vendetta against his father. A father he's never even met nor known at that time, mind you. For someone as young as he was back then, he remembered that night like it was as clear as day. He remembered the rain very vividly, the dark corridor, the way his mother begged for her and his life, and a haunting flash of green. He curled his hands tightly as memories of that replayed in his mind's eye again. He shook it off away and patiently waited for his cab to arrive. Five minutes later, a cab finally stopped by the pavement. A frantic looking man, sporting an impressive ginger beard and holding a black umbrella, came out from the drivers seat and scanned the area for his passenger. Matthias raised his hand from the veranda and called for the cabbie's attention. The man jogged towards the café and asked, "Ar' yi' Matthias Braun?" Matthias nodded despite being heavily distracted by the man's impressive beard. "Belter!" the man clapped Matthias' arm. "Name's Jefferson, ser! At ya' servis! Ya' can call me Jeff if ya' want. A'm deeply sorry for be'en late, ser. Fackin trafik –" he stopped himself and noted Matthias age. "I shod'ant curse 'round wee ones, jaysus. Apologies again, ser." "I don't mind," Matthias waved dismissively. "My brother curses a lot too." "It's still wrong to curse 'round passengers, ser. But ya shod'a really seen the line o' re'd in Albert. It's enough ta' mek'a grown man cra'y," he kept on rambling in that heavy Scottish accent of his. Matthias found it rather amusing. "I – oh! Hevens me, I'm stallin' agen. Here you are, ser," Jeff handed Matthias the umbrella and moved to carry the latter's luggage luggage. Jefferson struggled a little at Matthias' luggage, but showed no signs of being hindered by it. If anything, he looked like he respected Matthias for even carrying this heavy trunk around. Matthias would've used magic to aid him, but he wasn't legal yet. So instead of hanging idly behind Jefferson, he protected the cabbie from the downpour while the latter was shoving the trunk in the cab's boot by holding up the umbrella above them. "Quarter to ten at King Cross, aye?" Jeff clarified as he took back the umbrella and escorted Matthias to the back seat. "Preferably," Matthias nodded. "Although it's already past quarter and I should be there by 11 or I'll miss the train." "Great Scott!" the cabbie gasped in alarm. He cursed rapidly in his native tongue and pushed Matthias towards the backseat. He abruptly shut the door on Matthias face, fumbled his way to the driver's seat, slammed the door, and floored it. Despite having the rain slightly ruining his day, Matthias found an upside to it by having Jefferson as his driver. Jefferson was an overly chatty bloke that, despite his sailor mouth, was a delight to talk to. He had a lot to say about the traffic and the weather. It didn't look like he'd stop talking about it anytime soon. Matthias didn't really complainin, he's still particularly entertained by his accent and it was a particularly good distraction from the sound of rain. As they crossed a busy intersection, Jefferson suddenly offered him a quick tour of the landmarks they'll pass by on the way to King Cross. Matthias never told Jefferson he was a foreigner earlier, so it was a little jarring to hear it come from someone who hardly knew him. Jefferson didn't ask any questions about it earlier too, so to guess that in just minutes, without asking any questions, is an amazing feat. Matthias shrugged it off as a "foreigners can smell other foreigners" kind of deal and agreed to listen in on what he knows. Having Jefferson talk over the rain is a lot better than having none anyway. Not long after however, Jefferson had to stop indulging him because of the growing traffic. The man's temper wasn't having it, most especially when some bloke ran them over during a red light and almost grazed the side of their cab. Jefferson hit the brakes almost immediately to avoid crashing into the other car and honked his horn like a madman, while screaming profanities in his native tongue, as the other car sped away the opposite direction. Matthias sighed to himself as Jefferson apologized and merely shrugged it off. He understood driving and people's temper during a heavy rain so he let Jefferson drive in silence. He decided to distract himself by watching the view outside instead. There isn't much to see other than the red tail lights of the cars around them and of course, the rain. Matthias' attention soon drifted to watching the rain trace indecipherable images unto the window, and remember the single most devastating moment in his past. He wants to let go of any regrets he had from that night, but he finds it very hard to let go. Even with the closure he had upon seeing the man responsible behind bars, something felt wrong; and it has never stopped feeling such. That feeling lingered long enough to hinder him from experiencing the wizarding world in it's full blown glory when he was introduced to it. Hell, learning about his wizard heritage didn't surprise him as much as it should have, because of all the wrong things that came along with it. His mother dead, his absentee father; the one he blamed for her death initially, suddenly decided to show up in his life just when he lost the only family he's ever known, and a not so loving half-brother and step-mother. Matthias harbored no ill-intent toward Hendrik when he finally claimed him, but he can't help blaming him every now and then. If he had only been there for them right from the beginning, she wouldn't have died. If he had only been faster, she wouldn't have died. If he had never left them, she would still be alive. But deep inside, Matthias also knows that it was none of their faults. It was solely the murderer's own. He missed his mother greatly. He really did. He wished she was here to witness him grow up like this; to watch him step out in a world of adventure on his own and experience it with friends he'll grow to cherish. But alas, that will never happen now. Not with her buried six feet underground. Matthias sighed, slouching back on the backseat as he wondered for the millionth time if magic had a solution for emotional turmoil's like this. Or better yet, a solution to revive the dead. His mother did not deserve to meet death like that. The only peace Matthias ever had with her death, was knowing that that the curse used to steal the light from her eyes brought her a painless death. He learned about the said curse months after she died and he began attending a renowned wizarding school in the Scandinavian region. The spell had a similar effect as a sleeping spell. Only this time, you never wake up. Ever . Matthias moved his attention to the blackened sky rhetorically asked, "Does it always rain in London?" "YOU FACKEN' IDIO – Ah?" Jefferson caught himself mid curse and glanced over his shoulders, "Not always lad. Dat's in December, wettest month all year! I could barely ge'out of me' 'aus cose of it. Tis just a bad week for all of London is all. Don't like the rain much I gather?" Matthias shook his head. "Not really, no." "Dinnae worry 'bout it, sun's sure to come back soon," he assured the younger fella. Matthias smiled. It wasn't much to lift his spirits back to its full form, but it did lighten his mood a bit. Leaning back comfortably unto the backseat, the brunette slowly drifted off to sleep, dreaming of the time his mother was still alive and well. After an unsaid amount of time in the morning London rush, Jefferson finally pulled the cab near the station with enough minutes to spare. The Scott looked over his shoulder and sparked a large toothy grin at Matthias who was rubbing his eyes awake in a sleepy daze. "'Er we are lad. King Cross Station! Busiest place in all o' London!" he gestured jovially with open arms. "Ya' get ready while I take care of your luggage, aye? Yir quite a skelf anyway." Matthias blinked, confused. He inaudibly asked himself what a "skelf" is before shrugging it off almost immediately. He looked out the window and cursed at the heavy rainfall he'd have to fight through. He wrapped his jacket tightly around him and counted to three. Matthias kicked the door open, opened