The Missing Scene "Where's Peeta?" "He's in his room, now, listen; tomorrow's the last day, and they let us work with our own tributes right before the game, so you and I will be going down at nine," Haymitch says, and I am surprised at not hearing Peeta's name included. "Well, what about him?" I see Effie glance at Haymitch across the table. "Oh, he says he wants to be trained on his own from now on," Haymitch carelessly replies, taking a bite of the green stalk in his hand. I am surprised…and upset. "What?" "Well," he drawls, "This kind of thing does happen at this point…there's only one winner, right?" I have nothing to say in response and silence falls across the table. Soon after the awkward exchange, I excuse myself to go back to my over-luxurious room. I wonder about what Hamitch had says; how he will be working with me the last day. Does that mean he is going to tell me how to get more sponsors, or will he actually be physically training me? Or just having me train while he talks to me? I'm not sure which one it is going to be, so I feel unbalanced and unsure of what to do with myself. I strip off my clothes and slip into a pair of satin pajamas. I am then surprised when moments before I get into bed there is a knock at my door. I open it just enough to see Hamitch, but before I can ask him what he is doing here, he simply says, "Wear your training clothes tomorrow morning," and then he leaves. With that on my mind, I fall into an uneasy sleep. The next morning I am up and ready to go before nine o' clock even rolls around, so I walk out to the main room early, fully expecting to find it empty…but to my surprise it isn't. I know I must look like a fish, my mouth gaping open slightly, but I am shocked to see my mentor already awake and not in his usual white slacks, tailcoat, and vest, but wearing a training uniform identical to mine and Peeta's. And looking surprisingly fit in it. He sees my look of surprise and smirks at me in the way that he always does and says, "Expecting me to be in a drunken stupor, sweetheart?" I don't respond to his jibe, knowing that to say anything at all will be a wrong answer and his smirk grows even wider. "Looks like you've finally learned something," he then says enigmatically, tossing a bag over his shoulder and motioning for me to follow him. I give him a confused look, and he clarifies his statement by saying, "How to keep your mouth shut." I immediately feel my hackles rise, and just as I am opening my mouth to say something, I see him looking at me from the corner of his eye, and my mouth snaps closed, realizing that by saying anything, I will, yet again, only dig myself into a hole, and so I say nothing. He then gives me a genuine smile as we step onto the elevator and head for the sub-basement training facility. The two of us say nothing on the way down, but as we step out of the elevator I can't help but ask, "What's in the bag?" He glances at me and I can see him consciously making a decision whether or not to tell me anything. After a long moment, he says, "Everything you need to learn from me," and then in a flash of movement too quick for me to follow, he reaches into the bag one second and in the next a blade is sticking out of the head of a dummy more than twelve yards away, the sound of it echoing through the large, mostly empty space. My breath hitches, getting caught in my throat as I hear the faint twang still thrumming in the air and see the look in his eyes as he stares at the hilt of the blade. It's the look that I see on him only when he is sober, the one that silently frightens me. I can always see three things in that look: disgust, anger…and an overwhelming sadness. Not questioning it, I walk over to where he stands, about to ask him a question, but in the next second I find myself inexplicably pinned down on the mat next to us on the floor, my right arm wrenched up behind my back, my legs pinned by his weight, which I now know to be all muscle. He then leans down and whispers into my ear, his breath brushing over my skin as he speaks, "You're too used to that bow of yours, sweetheart…time to learn some basic hand-to-hand combat skills…" I simply nod. "Okay." Obviously pleased that I am listening to him for once, and not questioning him, he lets me up off the floor and then motions for me to square off opposite him. As I take a moment to try and center my weight and make myself more balanced, he kicks out a foot and knocks me in the knee, throwing me off my balance and then pins me down a second time. This time I am on my back, Haymitch pinning my hands above my head, pressing my wrists into the mat. "Sweetheart, when you're about to get into a fight, there is no time to ask your opponent to wait for you to get ready, so you have to learn how to use your body in any disadvantageous situation…now, let's try this again." I wait for him to get off of me…but he doesn't move, merely smirking down at me. "Haymitch," I say, a warning tone in my voice. "Let me up." He continues to smirk. "This is a dis advantageous situation, now, isn't it?" He leans in the way he did before, this time his lips a mere breath away from mine, and he says, "Now get out of it." My first instinct, of course, is to knee him in the groin, but I find myself unable to move my legs, as he is sitting on them, and he gives me a look with an arched eyebrow, pulling away from my face slightly and then he makes a clicking sound with his tongue. "Ah, ah, ah," he admonishes me with a gently chastising tone. "Don't even think about going there, sweetheart…why do you think I pinned you like this?" I glare up at him and then try to use a move that I saw Glimmer use the day before, using my lower body to try and turn the tables and land on top of him …but I can't seem to find the right angle, and merely end up writhing underneath him, unable to free myself from his grip. There is a gleam in his eyes as he continues to pin me down, his arrogance shining through. I groan and attempt once more to try to throw his weight off of me and he lets out a chuckle and arches an eyebrow at me, yet again. "Don't think that's gonna work, but points for trying…" I am determined to wipe the smirk off of his face…and that is when it occurs to me what to do. I am aware of our, well, intimate position, and finally realize how I can use it to my advantage. I move my hips again, but this time I press them up into his, almost lazily tilting my hips in a suggestive manner, and he looks down at me in shock. Murmuring low, so as to catch his attention in the right way, I say, "I kinda like you there, Haymitch…it's a nice position…" He gives me another shocked look, this time his mouth gaping open, and as I repeat the motion his eyes close slightly and he returns the pressure, unknowingly his legs shifting in the process, allowing me to move a bit more underneath him. Knowing I need more room, I lift my head a bit off the mat and brush my lips against the skin of his arm, and then gently snake my tongue out to trace the veins on his wrist. He lets out a grunt, which lets me know that I am affecting him. And he moves a bit more. …And this is my opportunity. Finally having enough room, I pull my legs out from beneath him and manage to flip him over, my hips now straddling his and I give him a faint grin. Surprisingly enough, he returns it…and then laughs. "Not bad, sweetheart…not bad." We stay there in our position for a moment longer, and then, in a move as quick as his knife throwing, Haymitch flips us over once more and says, "Now, try it again. With out the whole seduction routine…" I roll my eyes, and then he adds, arching a suggestive eyebrow, "Not that I minded…" The two of us continue for several minutes, until I am finally able to throw him off using several different moves that he eventually explains to me, and he makes me practice them until they feel almost natural. It was a shame that they only let them train with their Tributes on the last day , I think to myself as Haymitch shows me how to get loose from an attack from behind. He is an excellent teacher and in remarkable shape for a man who is in his forties and a supposed drunk, too. However, I notice that he stopped drinking as soon as we had arrived at the Capitol. He then proceeds to show me, over the next few hours, a few takedown techniques that I can use, as well, and I feel that I pick up on the skills fairly quickly, considering he weighs significantly more than me and because of the fact that I successfully take him down on three separate occasions. After a while, he taps the black band on his wrist and the time shows in a holo an inch above the band. It's already noon. He looks over at me and then says, "Let's take a break and get some food." I nod and watch as he reaches for the bag and pulls out several objects wrapped up in silver tetra-foil. I approach carefully, still not entirely comfortable about being too familiar with him, and he hands me one. Suddenly feeling ravenous, I tear it open and bite into the bar, and I am surprised when I taste a meaty and nutty flavor. He sees my look of surprise and explains, "It's nothing but protein and carbs, everything you need to give you fuel and to keep your muscles responsive. It's good for training." I nod again, chewing it a while longer, enjoying the taste, and then swallow it just before I ask, "Why do they only give Mentors one day to train with their Tributes?" He lowers his eyes, as well as the hand that holds his food, and is silent for a long moment…and then he brings his eyes back up to mine and gives me a look that I don't quite understand; I can see concern, worry, fear…and then, behind all of that, I can see something else, something that I don't quite understand. Finally, he says, "They don't want the Mentors to get too attached to their Tributes. Considering the odds…well, they need to keep their previous Victors happy, you see…" I nod, yet again. "Yeah." I don't know what else to say, so I stay quiet. We finish our food in silence, both of us unsure of what to say, and then as soon as we are both done, he motions for me to follow him over to a more private section of the training floor, an area where I'd seen the boy from Five training the other day, which I do, but as