I do not own Twilight. Rules for a Successful Booty Call By Sentinel 10 Prologue to the Rules Quil told me about the 'Rules for a Successful Booty Call' that he'd read in one of Claire's Cosmo books. The kid was only 12 and she was already reading the stupid 'Girl Bible' as he so gayly put it. Seriously I wondered about Quil. The guy was constantly harping on about how his 'Claire Bear' flirted with the guy at the milkshake bar every time they went there to get a 'chocolate royale' sundae which they'd split. I mean really Quil? Does a girl even know how to flirt at 12 years old? I tried to think back to my own childhood, did I even know any girls when I was 12? Or was I too wrapped up in cars and climbing trees. The answer to my question blatantly slapped me in the face, when Leah walked through the door in her white sun dress, the poorest excuse for clothing only reaching mid thigh, just about sitting under her ass cheeks. Was it wrong to be checking out my beta, with my head hanging off the couch and my feet over the back? Probably. I arched my neck a little to try and see if I could score a peek up her dress. I wonder what colour panties she was wearing today? Monday was yellow, Tuesday was black aka in my honour I bet, Wednesday was some kind of mix between purple and pink stripes and today... BAM! "Fuck" I hissed, scrambling to my feet and rubbing the side of my face. Even with my shape-shifting abilities I was too wrapped up in checking out the female Clearwater to notice I had been slowly slipping off the couch. Man, way to make an impression. "Serves you right dick dweeb." Leah laughed over her shoulder, throwing her car keys on to the kitchen bench, and grabbing the fridge handle. I swear the girl has the vocabulary of a fucking sailor, though it was kinda sexy and made me want to lick the insides of her mouth. "For what?" I spat, walking over to the fridge and pushing her slightly, to reach around and grab a bottle of water off the shelving. I gingerly placed the water bottle on my cheek, rolling it around some. "Nothing" Leah mused grabbing herself a bottle as well before closing the fridge, looking as smug as a squirrel with a bag of nuts. "What are you doing here anyway? Aren't you meant to be on some hot date with Xavier Barnes?" I growled watching as she took as sip of the ice cold water, some drizzling down her chin making her skin illuminate with its wetness. Xavier Barnes was some hot shot native frick who been living over in Italy, working for some pale faces looking to get some 'original' carvings out of him to sell to the interested public. No offence but the guys work was messy and uninspiring. I mean, any guy with a chisel and a hammer could do what he did. The Italians must be blind or something? Xavier didn't put any effort in to his work, there was no love in his masterpieces, and no real meaning. My father often commented how I should put my stuff out there, maybe contact some of Xavier's people, but I told him hell no . I wasn't a sell out. I wasn't going to carve just because some white family wanted a nice Indian carving in their houses. Fuck that. My carvings where for my people. They told a story. My legends, my beliefs, my life. There was no way in hell I was going to sell my culture nor ethnicity out. Leah just shrugged her shoulders at me and gulped down the water. "Seems like he was more interested in the tricks running around forks. Can you believe he actually slapped some girls ass in the diner?" "What?" I growled, picturing the fucker treating Leah like that. Sure Leah was a bitch... no, scratch that... Leah was the bitch, but she didn't deserve to be treated like that, no woman did. I was going to have to have a couple of words with the mother fucker, maybe key his shiny new BMW a couple of times too and watch him cry like a bitch over his European monstrosity. Give me American muscle any day over those expensive pieces of designer plastic. "It doesn't matter. I told him he was a fucken dick licker that deserved to be chowing down on dog shit and then walked out. I hate pussy teasing bastards" She sighed placing the water on the dinning table and screwing the lid back on. " Pussy teasing ?" I asked stupidly, knowing exactly what she was talking about but wanting her to say it out loud. The word pussy coming from her mouth was down right, hot. Leah rolled her eyes at me and gave me the finger. "You know what I am talking about Black. Hot guy, hot body, not much in the brains department, looks like they could fuck for days, talks to you in low whispers, flaunts his shit all over town, makes out with girls while he looks at you... blah blah blah." "Like this" I whispered lowly, stalking towards her with a smirk drawn on my lips. "Ha" She scoffed, shoving my shoulder as I drew closer. "Trust me Black, you couldn't pull it off" Wow. That one actually hurt my feelings. "Well at least I know you'll never be a cock tease" I smiled, wiggling my eyebrows and checking her body out, running my eyes up and down her long, lean sun kissed body. "Oh Jacob honey, you have no idea what your talking about." She drawled, sucking her bottom lip in and biting down on the corner. "No. idea. at. all." She whispered, running her hand down my chest making the hairs on the back of my neck stand up in a good way. The best way. Suddenly she pushed her palm against me, sending me backwards so she could dart past me and up the stairs. "Oh and Jacob" She teased, stopping at the middle of the stairs and playing with the hem off her dress. "Does this answer your question?" Pulling one side of her dress up to her hip, she exposed her right ass cheek to me, covered barely in a lime green pair of skimpy panties, before bounding up the stairs laughing. "Holy Shit..." I breathed, before clearing my throat a little and adjusting Jacob Jnr. who was now very interested in the she-bitch. Leah Clearwater was the epitome of very teenage guys fantasy, actually to be fair, any guy who could still get a boner. Her body was out of this world sexy, and she was actually pretty stunning for an evil incarnate or Lucifer's daughter as I liked to call her. She had wide almond eyes and pouty pink lips, cute button nose and long following dark hair. But those weren't even the best bits. Trust me, I've seen it all. Phasing had given me the ultimate images for my very pitiful spank bank collection, which basically consisted of a couple of chicks from a porno I found under Paul's bed and Leah. Her legs were built for speed, smooth and tanned, muscled in all the right area's and as fucking long as the stairway to heaven. Her hips were set wide and all 'fuckable' like, her tummy was toned and her breasts well, damn boys, let's just say Leah Clearwater was 100 percent woman. She needed no help in that area often opting to go braless and they were still perky, even counting their fullness. Her ass was juicy and round just enough for me to hold in my hands if I was to ever get to eat her out. Sometimes I thought to myself that if I was to ever bite down on that smooth flesh I would bust a nut in my- "Hey Jake" Seth called out, slamming the front door and bounding in excitedly. "Hey Seth" I frowned, wondering what the hell 'McHappy' was doing here. "Aren't you meant to be running patrols?" I asked crossing my arms over my chest and glaring down at the puppy. Like true Clearwater fashion, Seth brushed off my hostile behaviour before getting a glance at Jacob Jnr. trying to wriggle his way out of my cut-offs, still intent on meeting Ms Clearwater. "Thanks for the complement Jake" Seth laughed, eyeing my boner and ruffling through the fridge to pull out sandwich meat and bread. "But I don't roll like that" "You're one sick puppy" I spat, shoving my hand down my cut-offs to re-adjust Jacob Jnr's happiness. "And trust me, it's wasn't for you " I sneered, narrowing my eyes as he slapped 7 pieces of meat on his sandwich. The kid could eat and often disappeared when it was time to foot the shopping bill. Living in a house with Seth and Leah meant we rarely had food in our fridge and were frequently visiting the store. My job as a mechanic and Leah's job as a personal assistant to some douche bag, pulled in just enough money for the food and rent. Lucky we only had to pay a couple of hundred to Sue since we where living in her house because she'd moved in with Charlie. Seth was the ultimate money sucker, both Leah and I often forking out for the joy-tastic puppy. In all honesty he did run our patrols while we were working so we guessed it was only fair. "Who was it for?" He asked raising an eyebrow before shoving his creation in his mouth. "You weren't thinking about Bella again were you? Oh man Jake, you know she married now not to mention she sparkles and shit" He scolded, his mouth half full, allowing crumbs to scatter the floor around him. He better not think I was going to clean that up. Damn him. I couldn't even get a word in before he started lecturing me again, about the importance of moving on and finding a nice girlfriend, who wasn't a leech lover. "You know what you need man, you need a booty call." Seth chuckled, finishing the rest of his sandwich and dusting off his hands, making even more crumb fall to the ground. "Who needs a booty call?" Leah asked as she bounded down the stairs, her white dress gone, replaced with some itsy bitsy running shorts and a crop top. Damn her too. Now Jacob Jnr. is suddenly paying attention again just as I was getting him to sleep. "Jacob does" Seth pointed towards me, a huge shit eating grin on his face. "Jacob" Leah frowned as she pulled her joggers on. "You know that your not the best candidate for casual sex right?" She asked tying up her shoes laces. "What? Why not?" I asked, only to have her frown deeper. "Your just not that type of guy." She said seriously which kind of scared me. "What type am I then? The picking up hookers on the side of the road type?" I quizzed interested in what kind of guy Leah thought I was. "No Jake." Leah said walking towards me and placing her hand on my shoulder. "Your just more 'boyfriend' material, you know. Kind, sweet, loving. A booty call is like cryptonite for you. It's dangerous and poisonous for someone like you. Trust me when I tell you that your going to want more, your just that type of guy." "So what your saying is that you want to be my girlfriend?" I teased, watching as her hand closed and punched my shoulder. "You wish. Plus, I am over the whole perfect little life thing. I sleep with who I want and then come home to my favourite boy." "Me?" I smiled wiggling my eyebrows