This story is a birthday present for my little sister, who is about as obsessed with Twilight as I am with the Hunger Games. If you have never read a choose-your-own-adventure book or one like it before, there are a few things you should know before you begin. The first is that you can't read this book from start to finish. After each page, there are instructions at the bottom to follow or the story will not make sense. There are many different endings you can reach by choosing different options and the course of the story depends on what actions you decide to do. At the end of each section, there will be directions based on the choice you make. To jump to a section, simply use Ctrl+F to find the number, though you may end up landing on a choice list instead of the actual number... Yes, and I know I skipped a few numbers- call it poor planning. Otherwise, if I've made a clear mistake- say you are talking to Jacob one second, then in the next number, you're being attacked by the Volturi, let me know so I can fix it. There are many different endings and, depending on how much attention you are paying, many parallels, some more obvious than others, in the book. Though some of them end in your death, there is only one way to meet Edward. For the record, my favorite ending is thirty-three. Have fun searching! 1 "This place is a lot gloomier than I imagined it to be", you mumble as you step off the plane. As if to answer you, an automated woman's voice chirps over the intercom, "Welcome to Seattle!" Not that the weather could bring you down today. After such a long flight, anybody would be a little bit out of it. It doesn't last long, however, as you recall the reason why you made the journey out to the farthest corner of the continental United States. You pull out your battered copy of 'Twilight', which has been read from cover to cover at least a hundred times. It is one of the few possessions that you brought with you on this quest. Hidden within these pages are the clues you will need to track down the world's most beautiful, if not the most famous vampire: Edward Cullen. After braving the discouragement of your friends, who never believed that Edward was real and could never understand your complete obsession, you decided that it was necessary to prove to them that the vampire you adore so much actually exists. Go To #2 2 So now you find yourself in Seattle, in the closest international airport you could find to Forks, Washington. Now that you are actually here, however, you realize that you hadn't really planned out the trip farther than this. So now you weigh your options. As you stand outside the terminal pondering your next move, a sleek, shiny taxi cab that looks much fancier than it needs to be weaves through the parked waiting cars and screeches to a halt right in front of you. The darkly tinted window rolls down and you hear a melodious voice speak. "Do you need a ride?" "Yea", you answer, "I'm headed to Forks." "Wow", he remarks, "that's a bit farther than I usually go, but in your case, I think I can make an exception." It is hard to tell through the dark sunglasses he is wearing, but it looks like he is eyeing you a bit too eagerly, making you even more uneasy that you were a few seconds ago. Before you get a chance to respond, a boy who had been watching the whole scene gets up and runs over to you. "Hey there! If you are headed to Forks, you can hitch a ride with us", he says enthusiastically. "We're headed that way to take a camping trip, and it would totally be no problem if you wanted a free ride and some company!" He points behind him to a group of friendly obvious outdoorsy people about your age loading up a beat up minivan plastered with enough anti-pollution stickers to plug up a sewage drainage pipe. As you're looking, one of them smiles and waves cheerfully. You hesitate for a second. You're not supposed to get into strangers' cars, but these people look safe enough. While you are thinking, the cab driver honks his horn. The cab driver calls at you, "Do you need a ride or not? I haven't got all day!" Jump in the cab at #12 Ride with the campers at #8 4 "I'm going to see Edward Cullen. Do you know anything about the Cullens?", you ask. His answer surprises you. "Yea, I've heard of their clan. Biggest one in the country." He turns and smiles at you, his brilliant white teeth sparkling. He is no longer watching the road. "This just keeps getting better and better", he says to no one in particular, then continues to you, "What business does a poor fragile thing like you have with one of us?" Now he puts on a new expression, one reserved for a predator eying his prey. Uh-oh. He now has all his attention on you. Quick! You have to make a move before he does! How do you want to respond to his question? Stay calm and say "One of us? Who is 'us'?" at # 11 Threaten him with "He is expecting me! If anything happens, he'll come after you!" at #22 Get out of there! Open the door and jump at # 14 6 "I'd better make sure that they are okay", you think as you step into the woods following the footprints in the mud easily enough. You follow them deeper and deeper into the woods. It's not too hard to follow the broken branches and bent undergrowth. Where were they going? Why did they come this far? Why did they enter the woods in the first place? As you ponder this last question, you hear a quiet rumble of thunder and it starts raining. "Great", you mumble to yourself. The rain picks up until it is falling fairly heavily. As the downpour continues, it gets harder and harder to make out the trail. Suddenly, you realize how cold it really is. Maybe it would be safer back at the car. More comfortable, definitely. You pause, looking back at the rough trail you were following. It certainly is a tempting idea. Head back to the car at #34 Keep following the trail at #32 7 Your luck hasn't been the best recently, so you wisely decide not to push it. You back up slowly out of the clearing and begin hiking back through the forest. You continue trekking along, glad to be out of danger. It is then that you hear it. There is a long, deep moan that moves slowly up and down. It is one of the strangest sounds that you have ever heard. You move your gaze toward the sound and catch sight of the creature that made the noise. Staring you down a bit too close for you to be comfortable is an animal whose sheer size demands respect, and would probably taste good encased in gelatin with whipped cream on top. You laugh at your own feeble attempt at a pun. The sound of your laughter seems to startle the moose, and in this instant of panic, it charges you. Frozen in place with fear, you curse your horrible luck. Go to #43 8 "I don't think I'll need a ride today", you tell the cab driver. "Thank you anyway." "Whatever", he replies, and without another word, speeds off. You turn back to the boy. He seems a bit too excited that you have decided to take his offer. He takes you over and introduces the group. There are four of them all together, but you forget their names as soon as he introduces them. They find this hilarious, of course. You take a seat in the back beside a husky guy that looks like the model for the Brawny paper towel mascot and a much more fragile looking girl who is holding on to him with an iron grip. The boy who invited you jumps into the driver's seat and takes a high five from the boy sitting in the front seat, the most normal looking one of them all. The van pulls out and you can feel the excitement in the air. From what you get by talking to them, you find that they are from one of the smaller, less known towns in California and have come up to Washington to hike the beautiful trails that have been advertised. Having told you this information, they become curious as to your situation, but before you have the chance to answer them, you hear a loud bang, and the car shudders. "What was that?", the husky boy asks Find out at #24 9 "Hey!", you yell, "Wait for me!", and begin running after them. You crash through the wall of green and expect them to be waiting for you, but when you get that far, you find that they have actually increased their speed and you only get a quick glimpse of them in the distance before they disappear behind a row of trees. You pick up your pace, hoping to catch up, but when you get to the row of trees, all you see is a pair of tracks heading off into the distance. You lean against the tree, out of breath, and look behind a the ground you've covered. You almost decide to give up and turn back, but change your mind at the last second Go to #32 11 "Who is 'us'?", you ask, pretending to be oblivious to the rising atmosphere of danger. Despite this, he laughs. "You know, there is nobody around for miles." His voice trails off ominously, and the tone is impossible to ignore. "I suppose it's a bit too quiet, actually. Let's liven up the scene, shall we?" As soon as he finishes this sentence, he slams on his brakes, but before you get the chance to hit the seat in front of you, you get hit in the side by what feels like a cast iron pipe. The wind is knocked out of you and you hear a set of crunches that coincide with a searing pain down your left side as you fly out a door that has conveniently been opened for this purpose. You hit the road flat on your back, and a whole new set of stars fly out and blur your vision. The last thing you see before completely blacking out from pain is the sunlight shimmering off the driver's skin as he grins at you, baring his gleaming white razor sharp teeth. THE END 12 You thank the boy for his offer, but think it would be a lot safer to take a cab. The boy scratches his head and replies, "Nah, it's cool, I totally understand." He turns around and slouches back to his friends. You throw what few possessions you have into the back seat and jump in after them. Almost immediately, the cab takes off, leaving the airport behind in a blur. You are so mesmerized by the scenes rushing by you that when the driver tries to begin a conversation, you jump, snapping out of your trance. "So what brings you to this part of the world? Do you have relatives in Forks?", the driver asks you. You hadn't planned on carrying out a conversation, but now he's expecting an answer. What do you want to say? Be honest and say, "I'm looking for Edward Cullen. Do you know anything about him?" at #4 Be cautious and say, "Nah, I'm just enjoying the back country" at #17 Be defensive and retort, "None of your business!" at #22 13 You decide to loop