In a dark room she stood alone, a woman with long black hair flowed down past her waist and a long flowing dress that seemed to be cut from the fabric of the universe. It was speckled with stars planets and galaxies, and hung from her shoulders by two thin straps. Her skin, paler than ivory, seemed to glow, providing a small amount of light to the dark room. She leaned over the side of what seemed to be a large bowl of water, and when she waved her hand the surface ripped, changing to show a horrifying image. Thousands of monsters, all rallied under a full blue moon as they screeched and howled in an angry rabble. At their front was a man with sickly gray skin and red eyes that sunk into his head. Skin hung from his frame in disgusting folds, and the strange tattoos decorated his chest and back. The woman's eyes narrowed in rage as her lips pulled back into a deadly snarl. "Lucious." She practically growled. She continued to examine the image, listening to Lucious rave on to the monsters below him. She couldn't hear much, but she managed to catch a single word that sent her mind reeling. "That parasite." She hissed under her breath, "Very well, if he wants a fight, it's a fight he shall have." With a graceful turn the woman whipped around and quickly opened a portal in the space in front of her. Grabbing her long black cloak she walked through the portal was practiced ease. On the other side she found herself on the deck of a beautiful sailboat. The huge deck was covered in dark wooden floors and perfect white sail arched in the strong breeze. The woman smiled as she looked around, her dark eyes taking in every detail of the ship. Apon hearing her arrival, a head poked out of the door leading to the ships quarters. "Ah! Lady Chaos!" The man said, quickly coming up on deck and bowing respectfully. He looked to be about twenty years of age with tan skin a lean frame. A faded t-shirt clung to his torso and he had on a pair of blue swim trunks. His hair was a an odd pale black color, meaning his hair used to be black but so many days in the sun had bleached a lot of the color out of it. His eyes were is most notable feature though; they were a vibrant sea-green, the exact color of the ocean the boat floated on. The woman, apparently Chaos sighed "Enough with the bowing, we have known each other far too long for that." "Apologizes Miss," the man said, flashing a broad smile, "But you are a deity of great power mi' lady, t'would be disrespectful." "If you don't drop that phony accent I'm going to show you just how powerful I am." Chaos growled playfully. "Sorry, sorry." He instantly dropped the charade "Just having a bit of fun is all, you have not graced me with you presence for quite some time, what's wrong? Some wacky old coot trying to take over the world again? How weird is he this time?" "Very." Chaos muttered "Accept I'm afraid it's not some little problem this time." He sat up immediately, "What do you mean?" "There is a creature by the name of Lucious, he is an extremely powerful creature from ancient ancient times." The man narrowed his eyes "Just how powerful?" Chaos sighed "Extremely. And on top of that he is rising up an army, an army made of monsters from every continent, every country, every culture of the world, and he as his eyes set on a single target which he means to destroy completely." "So you want me to go after him?" Chaos shook her head "No, not alone. I am going to contact three others how will help you on this, you will need their help." The man cocked his head, "Who is this? " "They are just as powerful as you are, which we both know is saying something, and they come from very different cultures from all over the world, that is all I can say, you will have to figure out the rest yourself." The man sighed "Fine, that works. Now, where are we going? And who are they planning to take out? You realize we are currently in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean? It's going to take me at least five days to get to land." Chaos smirked "Really? Come now, you and I both know that's a joke, you can use water magic. You could be there in twenty minutes if you wanted to, and as for the people in danger…. Well…" "What?" Chaos scratched her neck, "I couldn't make out much of what Lucious was saying to his rabble of subordinates… but I know I heard their target… its Olympus." The man's sea-green eyes widened, before he snapped "No. You said I would never have to go back there, you said I would never have to see that place again! That was our deal, I wouldn't go back there if I was to die otherwise, and I couldn't give a damn if they all perished." Chaos looked at him with soft eyes "Percy… you and I both know you don't mean that." "You know they would recognize me if I went back! I may have left hundreds of years ago, but that doesn't mean they don't remember what I look like." Quietly Percy looked down and muttered "Then again they might have, who knows?" Chaos placed a hand lightly on the man's shoulder "Percy, I know you are still upset about what has happened to you, no one could blame you, but you cannot let that get in the way of this mission. Lives are at stake here, I need your help in this. I know it's hard, but I wouldn't give you this assignment if I didn't think you could handle it. " Percy scowled, but ignored the comment, "They will recognize me, you know they will." "Will they?" Chaos smirked "You may not have looked in the mirror lately, but you don't exactly look like you did back then. For one you at least a foot taller, and for two you hair is practically blond. It's true, the ones you knew all those years ago are still alive, for they are immortal like you, but they are still in their teens. They haven't aged past that." "Really? That's funny, if I wasn't so pissed off right now I would probably be laughing." Percy chuckled darkly. Chaos gave him a long look, her black eyes staring at him intensely. Percy shifted a bit before groaning "Fine. I'll do it. But I think I should get some time off after this." Chaos laughed "Okay, I think I can arrange that. But thank you, you should arrive at Camp-Half Blood in two days, the other three will get there around the same time." Percy scowled but nodded. Chaos smiled before opening up a portal. "You know how to contact me if you need to Percy, good luck. Oh yea, the other three who will be joining you will know who you really are, but they also understand why you wish to remain anonymous to the demi-gods." Percy gaped "What the- hey! Who are these people? Lady Chaos!" Chaos looked at him out of the corner of her eye "Well who do you think?" Percy's eyes widened "You mean…" But the woman was already gone. "Bah." Percy muttered "How do I always get dragged into these things?" Walking up to the bow of the ship he looked out over the water. "Ugh, this is gonna be such a pain." xxxXxxxXxxxXxxx Mount Olympus shook as the great Greek deities yelled at each other. Nearby a small group of demi-gods waited patiently as their parents battled it out. Among them were several familiar faces; Annabeth the daughter of Athena, Nico the son of Hades, Thalia the daughter of Zeus, the Stoll brothers, and several other immortal cabin leaders. Also among them was an unfamiliar face. The boy looked to be about seventeen with dirty blond hair and sea-green eyes, he also had a cocky grin on his face as he held Annabeth's hand. They had come to the home of the gods today because they had received a message this morning requesting their presence. After several minutes mystery boy spoke up. "Father please, all of you stop this fighting, what is it even about?" Poseidon looked over at the demi-gods. "Jake? Why are you here?" "You called us remember?" Annabeth said, somewhat irritated. Zeus cocked his head "No we didn't." "Well someone did!" Thalia snapped at her father. "Wait," Nico spoke up "If you didn't… then who did?" "I did." A calm, collected voice rang out through the great hall. Everyone whipped around to see a tall figure with a hood covering their eyes. "Who are you?!" Zeus boomed. The person was not fazed by the god's outburst and simply smiled. "Come now," they said "Surely you recognize your own family, if you could call us that." The person flicked off their hood to reveal a beautiful woman with pale skin and dark eyes. "L-lady Chaos!" Athena gasped her gray eyes wide. Murmuring instantly broke out among the gods whilst their children looked on in amazement. "T-to what do we owe the pleasure?" The smile instantly slipped off Chaos' lips. "I bring grave news, you are in danger." She told the Greeks of the rise of Lucious and his army and of how Olympus is their first topic. The gods stood petrified in shook as the campers looked on in terror. "Wh-why us?" Poseidon asked. "You are an easy target, and taking you out will show their power to other, more powerful, deities." Zeus moved to interrupt but Chaos stopped him. "Face it Zeus, you are in trouble. Your so called army is a group of children, all of which are still in their teens. Many of them aren't even old enough to lift a sword." "Hey!" Jake, Poseidon's son barked "We will be fine, I will lead them." Annabeth nodded from his side. "We can take anything that tries to waste us." Chaos looked at her sadly. "No you can't. Your 'camp' is deteriorating with the standards of your parents, if a really threat should attack you would be as good as dead. And your only chance of victory vanished thousands of years ago." Thalia's eyes widened "You mean Percy...?" "Have you seen him?" Nico demanded. Chaos shrugged "Perhaps, either way he's probably long dead now. He would have to be immortal to live this long." Annabeth looked down guiltily while Poseidon ducked his head. Everyone remembered the day Percy vanished from Camp, it was over two thousand years ago, shortly after the giant wars. Jake, Percy's half-brother, had arrived at camp and immediately snagged all the attention. Everyone eventually forgot about Percy, until only Nico, Thalia and Annabeth remained. However even his cousins left him, and then Annabeth and Jake started dating. Still Percy, always loyal, watched quietly from the side lines as everything was taken away from him. One day he got a phone call from someone and dashed out in a rush, he came back the next morning looking dead and hollow, but no one bothered to ask him what had happened, not even Annabeth. Finally the last straw was when Poseidon showed up to spend time with Jake, the sea god ever even said a word to Percy. Two days later he silently disappeared. The camp searched for weeks but they never found a trace of the boy they had nearly forgotten. Nico and Thalia had been affected most by their cousin's disappearance, Thalia even left the hunters to search for him, but they never found anything. Poseidon was also deeply shaken by his son's disappearance, it took years before