[A/N] Hello, my faithful readers! I'm back! I told you all I would update at Christmas Eve and so I have! I also said I would update more than one chapter but unfortunately, like the unlucky person I am, I managed to get a 39.7 degrees Celsius fever… on Christmas Eve. Aren't I lucky? I wanted to give you the first chapter, however so here it is! I'll be updating throughout these next few days so keep a look out, yeah? I hope you like the new versions of the stories I write. Whereas there might not be many changes in the beginning, you will notice that they will gradually increase. So without further ado, Enjoy! Crimson and bare as I stand Yours completely, Yours as we go over Sing for the lion and lamb Their hearts are hunting Still hunts hope ever and ever Ever Cold "Cold" - Aqualung & Lucy Schwartz What happens after death? It is the million dollar question of humanity. It is a question that has plagued the mind of humans for over decades, centuries even. Of course, nobody has even given us the answer we seek, but did we really expect something different, perhaps a different outcome? Unfortunately, there is no way someone can just go back to earth, which would be a lousy choice because earth sucks, after dying just to say; "Well, god has sent me back to tell you there is no reincarnation." Not that I am religious for that matter. And so we live in ignorance, always dreading the inevitable unknown. I mean, sure, you can pretend like it doesn't actually matter, you can laugh it off, but that looming, ominous cloud of dark is always there. Maybe being positive is the right way to go. It's better than the alternative, being terrified. Of course, despite having the knowledge that we will never know what the afterlife holds while living, we cannot help but wonder. Will we be ghosts, watching the race of humanity progress until everything ends, or maybe we will be reborn, perhaps on a different planet, as another being? There are hundreds of cults and groups out there who all have different beliefs. Some believe in heaven and hell, others in the simple nothingness. I always thought that was the best and most likely option, the nothingness I mean. There were no expectations, you just were. It used to frighten me, the fact that you lived and then just simply fade into nothing. There would be no mark of you on this earth because you weren't important enough. But now, after experiencing true life, I realize that you never just are and you leave your mark on the people you meet and love. The people you care for, such as family, friends and lovers. I used to think that my destiny was simply to be, to endure and when the time came I would finally be free. I used to think that the thing that frightened me most about this earth was the people in it, and for me leaving couldn't come fast enough. Until then, that was. ONE March 4 th , 2006 (Saturday) The humid weather and frequent thunderstorms of Richmond, Virginia were two of the few things that Sophia would most definitely not miss about her now former home. Sure, there were many great things about the state with its rich history, but even that became old when you knew more about said history than the teacher. She was slightly bummed about the weather in the state they were moving to as it was not much better than the weather in their former home state. Forks, Washington was known for harsh winters and rainy weather, and Sophia could not help but hope that she would be spared of the storms. Of course, knowing her luck, this was not going to happen. This didn't mean she didn't like the cold though. No, Sophia loved the rain and she was a total sucker for snow. She loved the whole lot of it – the snow angels, snowball fights and making snowmen. She and her best friends usually didn't stop at one snowman though. They mostly ended up making a whole army and pretended they were their servants and that the three of them were going to war. Their enemies were each other, obviously. Her parents were once again bickering in the front of the car. Truthfully, you would most likely never find two people who loved each other more, they just had petty little arguments about the smallest things every once in a while. A small sigh escaped Sophia's lips as she took her phone and plugged in her ear buds, putting them in her ears and pressing play. As soon as the music started the soft notes of the intro to her favourite song flowed through the buds, chasing cars – Snow Patrol. Sophia never really had a specific style of music that she preferred over others. It usually completely depended on the song and its lyrics, but there was not one song which, to her, was better than chasing cars. She felt extremely connected to it. As Sophia looked out of the window thoughts flooded her mind. She was going to miss this place. It had been the girls' home for seventeen years, that's a relatively long time. Her whole life had been here since the moment she was born, her friends, home, school and part-time job. Alas, her father had gotten a job offer at the local hospital in Forks, and the four of them were ready for this move. After everything that had happened in Richmond, they wanted out. Sophia's father was a neurosurgeon, and a damn good one at that. He had gotten a lot of offers from different hospitals, bigger ones with better salary, but they couldn't take them. The family didn't want to move to a big city after all, and her father, being the big teddy bear that he is, had chosen the smallest of the smallest towns he could possibly pick. Part of his reasoning was that they had been here before, he had friends here. They had lived here for a while when she was younger and his two best friends lived there still. Not that Sophia particularly minded. She was done with bigger cities and towns. In her mind this move was a good thing. Besides, they had enough money. Her grandparents had made sure of that. Sophia sighed deeply as she turned her head away from the window. The girl turned in her seat and put her legs over the back seat, stretching and making herself comfortable, taking extra care not to hit her little sister with her obnoxious feet. It was going to be quite a long ride after all. After a good hour of driving Sophia had decided to, in order to remove the bore she felt, just read her books. As she rummaged through her bag she pulled out two of them, Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings. It was always a tie between those two and both books were absolutely tattered, but in the end she decided on Lord of the Rings and slowly, but surely, the gracefulness of Legolas and the roughness of Aragorn sucked her into their universe and she was desperately turning pages in order to get to the end quickly. She had always been an extremely intelligent person and soaked up new information like a sponge. Of course, in contradiction to that, Sophia sucked at anything physical. Sure, she could memorise a full chapter of a book in half a day at most, but she had never been able to shoot a goal at football or get the ball into the basket while playing basketball and she don't even let her get started on any sports that involve rackets. She still had a dent in her forehead, she was sure of. Sophia was pulled from her reading by the yawn her younger sister let out and looked at her. Leila Katherine Ainsley was a beautiful little girl. There was some sort of ethereal beauty to the four and a half years old. She had inherited their fathers' dark hair much like Sophia had only a slightly lighter brown whereas Sophia's locks bordered pitch black and she, unlike Sophia, had gotten their mother's beautiful bright blue eyes. Her skin was pale, once again like Sophia, which was quite curious seeing as neither of their parents had pale skin. Both were delightfully tanned and enjoyed those tans, taking pleasure from messing with both Sophia and Leila about being 'as pale as a vampire'. Leila's rosy red lips and the perfect black curls that pooled around her body made her one of the most beautiful children many had ever seen. Their mother had tried cutting it once but Leila had screamed and cried until she was allowed to keep it long. It now reached the end of her butt and dear god was she proud of it. Leila was like Sophia in many ways both character and looks, but the one major difference between them was that Sophia wasn't skinny like Leila. Sophia had a noticeable tummy, big thighs and broad hips, but she was never ashamed of her body. In fact, she was proud of it. Sure, she had her insecurities but then again, who didn't? And sure, she was jealous of the girls who could fit into and pull off the clothes she could not, but her weight had never held her back. Her mother always told her she was perfect the way she was and if someone wasn't going to accept her the way she was, they did not deserve her and somewhere deep inside Sophia agreed with her. Sophia and Leila's mother, a beautiful woman that went by the stunning name Bianca Louise Ainsley, was a petit blond-haired beauty who, at first sight, wouldn't seem too threatening but had a fire burning in her eyes that could not be tamed. She was everything their father wasn't and that was why they fit together so well. Her face wore a kind façade, but everyone who took the time getting to know her knew that it was a betraying thing. Their mother was a mother lioness who would stop at absolutely nothing to protect her precious family, and she was stubborn as hell. Sophia chuckled as she heard her mother complain about the map she was holding and her father just sigh and agree with her. "Yes, dear." was a phrase he uttered quite frequently. Unlike their petit mother, their father was a bear of a man. Alexander Darius Ainsley was a huge man with muscles that were nearly as big as Sophia's head. He originally came from Scotland but moved to America to be with their mother, whom he met while studying abroad for a semester. She had been a nurse-in-training and he was in his last year of medical school. It was love at first sight- they had said. Their story was almost a fairytale. Alexander's pitch black hair was grown out and tied back into a ponytail he had swung over his shoulder and it reached the end of his chest, the beginning of his abs. His figure was intimidating but to Bianca, Sophia and Leila, 'his girls' as he called them, he was just one big teddy bear. Sophia was once again torn from her thoughts when her sister roused from her sleep. Her eyes opened as she stretched and turned her little head towards Sophia, smiling slightly. "Fee!" she cried out gleefully. Sophia hated being called Fee, but it had stuck. Leila had never been able to pronounce her name properly when she had started talking and thus, for her and her only, it became Fee. Sophia smiled back gently and took Leila out of her children's seat, which she still needed as she was still too young to sit in