FAGE 8:Soul Mates Title: Penpals Written for: ifyouweremine Written By: abbymickey24 Rating: T Summary/Prompt used: Friendship begins with simple talks. It blooms into a long and deep conversation. Next thing you know, you begin to care so much. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/FAGE-8-Soul-Mates/93625/ Thank you to my amazing beta and friend, gem_del_mar. Without her pushing and helping, I don't know if I would have finished this on time. Enjoy... -P- September 14, 2012 Bella Swan listens intently as Mr. Masen tells the class about their 9th grade English project. Most of the students are grumbling as they draw the name of their pen pal for the next nine months, but not Bella. She's excited and happily draws the name Jasper Whitlock. All day she is eager to get home and as soon as she's through the door she heads straight for her laptop. To: JWhitlock From: BSwan Subject: Hi So...hi. I guess I'm your penpal this year. My English teacher, Mr. Masen, said that I had to email you first, so here I am. This month's theme is getting to know each other. We're supposed to tell about ourselves: what we look like, where we live, our families, our schools, our friends, and our favorites, so here goes... My name is Bella, I just turned 15 yesterday actually, and I'm in the 9th grade at Forks High School. I'm short, standing just around five feet. I have long brown hair that I usually always wear in a ponytail and brown eyes. I live in Forks, Washington. It's a really small town about four hours northwest of Seattle and nothing ever happens except for rain. It always rains or snows. Very rarely, do we have a sunny day. We have no stop lights, and no fast food except a Subway. The next biggest town is about forty-five minutes away. My family consists of just me and my dad, Charlie. He grew up here and has been the police chief for the last seven years. My mom left before I turned a year and I haven't seen or heard from her since then. I like my school. It's not big at all, but that's what I like about it; you can't get lost. Our team mascot is the Spartans and our colors are navy blue and gold. I like my teachers, and have known them my whole life. I don't have any friends as I have a hard time talking to people. Plus, the people at my school aren't my idea of what friends should be like. Now, for my favorites. Mr. Masen gave us a list, and said to tell why each thing is our favorite. Candy-Caramel Apple suckers. They're these green apple suckers that have a caramel coating on the outside. You used to could only find them at Halloween, but now they're everywhere. Well, not here. I have to wait until I go to Port Angeles or Seattle to get them. Color-Blue because it's the color of the sky when we have a sunny day. My favorite book and movie are the same, To Kill a Mockingbird. I don't know why I like them, I just do. I've read the book probably five times and I've seen the movie about six, since I own it. School subject is English. I even love this pen pal project that our teachers are making us do. I love to read and write, so it fits me perfectly because reading is my favorite hobby. My favorite animal is a turtle. I like that their home is with them all the time and that they can live for so long. Food and drink is tacos and Dr. Pepper. Unfortunately, there is no good place to get tacos around here, so I have to make them myself. I like the sweetness of Dr. Pepper and we always have some in the fridge, since it's also my dad's favorite. My favorite article of clothing I have is an old Forks Police hoodie of my dad's. It's so comfortable and keeps me warm, but because it was my dad's it also makes me feel safe. My favorite TV show is The Big Bang Theory and my favorite character is Sheldon. I think he's so funny. Band or musician is Maroon 5 because I love Adam Levine. I would love to see them in concert. I don't have a favorite sport, since I'm clumsy. I trip over and walk into everything I possibly can. I've had a few broken bones and a lot of stitches, and even a concussion. Most of which was caused from P.E. My favorite holiday is Halloween. I think because I like the thought of being someone else for a little while. Plus, free candy. And lastly, my favorite quote...I live in my own little world, but it's okay they know me here. It kind of fits with who I am. All right, I think that's it. I'm excited to hear from you. I will talk to you next month. Bella To: BSwan From: JWhitlock Subject:(re) Hi Hi. Telling you about myself is easy, so here I go… My name is Jasper and I'm 14 for a few more months. My birthday is a week before Christmas on the 21st. I'm tall for my age and my mom thinks I'll be over six foot by the time I stop growing. I have dirty blond hair, and green eyes. I live in Saint Jo, Texas and it's pretty small too. Not much happens here either unless you count cows getting out of their fences. I think we have a stoplight, but no fast food. We're about two hours north of Dallas and Fort Worth, so we only go there when we have to. But our property is right on the Oklahoma line, so we sometimes go over there to town as well. My family is myself, my grandpa-Nathan, my dad-Samuel, my mom-Maria, and my little sister-Rosalie. She's only seven, but really sweet. We all live together on a ranch called Riverbend where we raise horses and cattle for sale. My high school is actually the middle school too. It's 7th-12th grade and only has like 300 kids in the whole thing. Our mascot is the Panthers and our colors are burgundy and grey. I have a best friend named Peter, and a few other good friends named Mike, Tyler, and Alec. We hang out riding horses or playing video games. Now for my favorites… I love all candy, but my favorite is Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. I could eat them everyday. My favorite color is green but I don't know why. I just like it. My favorite book is any of the Harry Potter books, but don't tell anyone. I just think being a wizard would be cool. The movie is The Fast and The Furious because it has awesome cars and Michelle Rodriquez. My favorite subject is History because I like learning about the past. I do like this assignment though and my English teacher, Mr. Cullen. Favorite animal is a horse because I'm around them everyday, and my favorite hobby is horseback riding. It's a lot of fun to gallop across a field. My favorite food and drink is barbecue and sweet tea because I'm a southern boy. I think it's mandatory for those to be our favorites. My article of clothing is my cowboy boots. See above for why. Our TV show is the same, but my favorite character is Penny because she's pretty. My favorite musician is Johnny Cash. I wish I could have gotten to see him in concert, but he died when I was two. However, my grandpa wakes us up on Saturday with his record. And we spend the morning listening to him while we eat breakfast. My favorite sport is all of them, but if I have to chose one it would be baseball. I can play most positions except pitcher, but I prefer shortstop as it tends to be the most exciting. Our holiday is the same too, but it's because I can scare my sister without getting in trouble. The free candy is nice though. For my quote it's something my dad and grandpa say all the time...Success is the shadow of hard work. They believe you earn what you have and I like the thought of it. Okay, that's it for me. It was nice to meet you, Bella, and Happy Belated Birthday. I will email next month with our October theme. Have a nice weekend. Jasper -P- October 19, 2012 To: BSwan From: JWhitlock Subject: Happy Halloween Happy Halloween! I know it's early, but we won't email again before the day. I also know I'm supposed to tell you the theme for this month, but I wanted to ask you something first. I asked Mr. Cullen if it was okay to and he said as long as it went along with the theme, I could. That worked since I wanted to know what you are going to be and what you are doing on that night? I'm going to be a zombie and I'm going to a party at my friend Peter's house. His parents are letting us create a haunted house in their barn, so we're going to have that for people to walk through and then we're going to have some food, music, and hay rides after. It should be fun. Now, for the theme...we're supposed to tell each other what we're afraid of. Mr. Cullen said we had to provide a funny fear and a more serious one and then tell why we're afraid of them. For my funny fear, it's vampires. I know they aren't real, but I have a recurring nightmare where I'm out on my horse alone in the middle of the night and I run into a vampire named Maria. She pulls me off my horse and just before she bites me I always wake up. Granted, I only have it when I'm in trouble with my mom and her name is Maria, so maybe I'm just afraid of her. My serious one is I'm afraid of disappointing my grandpa and my dad. I know they expect me to take over running the ranch when I'm older, but I'm not sure if that's what I want. I'm afraid that if I decide that I want to do something else they'll hate me. My great grandpa started the ranch, so it's been run by my family for years and years. If I don't take over I don't know who will, and while I like working on it now, I don't know if I will when I get older. Okay, I don't know what else to say so I'm going to go. I look forward to your reply. Jasper To: JWhitlock From: BSwan Subject: (re): Happy Halloween Happy Halloween to you too! And it's okay if it's early. :) I'm going to be a police officer. Dad ordered me a uniform and it came in last week. He also got me my own baton, handcuffs, and badge. He won't let me have a gun, but that's a good thing since I'd probably shoot myself with it. I'm not doing anything other than handing out candy. Dad has to work to make sure no one acts stupid, so I always stay home. I carved a couple of pumpkins already and I'll attach a picture of them so you can see. Mr. Masen said no pictures, but I think he just meant of us. If I'm wrong I'll take responsibility, but I'm really proud of them. For one, they turned out really good if I do say so myself, but I also didn't cut myself so that's always a plus. Your party sounds fun. I've