Summary: Isabella Swan owns a bookstore. One fine evening, her eyes fall upon a magazine that sets her heart into overdrive and so does the person who bursts into her store… because you just know it when Edward Cullen enters a room. Hey everyone! I hope you enjoy this story and have a great time reading it. It's a slightly different topic from what I was writing in my previous story and I hope you support me through this story as well. I was eagerly waiting to post this chapter and really can't wait for your thoughts about it! REVIEW and let me know. Enjoy. THE OTHER WOMAN DISCLAIMER: STEPHENIE MEYER OWNS IT ALL. July 9, 2015 BELLA I am staring at him, watching him gradually make a move to roam over her body. The sun is scorching outside and my palms are getting sweaty watching him. I squirm in my seat as both are turning me on very much. I can hear the light murmurs of people around me but my attention is solely focused on him. I can smell the aroma of coffee wafting from some place as I sit on my chair but nothing is good enough to steal my attention. It isn't porn. No. It isn't some couple I'm watching. It's this sexy highball glass, holding iced tea in it as a bead of precipitation is inching it's way closer to slide down. Who knew iced-tea was sexy? It looks too good to drink but the sweltering sun outside is making me restless to drink it. Just as I blink, the glass disappears. My eyes widen on their own accord. What just happened? I hear somebody snicker on my right and turn to glare at the familiar face. Holding my glass, he smirks at me. "Were you even going to hump the glass later?" "None of your business, Jake." "Sure, is," He pulls a chair to sit next to me. "My sister is getting weird these days, I need to find out what's going on." I chuckle. My dear little brother. Jacob is the best brother a girl can possibly ask for. Caring, understanding and attentive. A little immature sometimes and is always hungry. But doesn't matter, I guess. Even though he is my brother, he looks nothing like me. Except for our brown eyes . I'm just 5'5 while Jacob on the other hand is six feet tall. I love cooking and he likes to eat, so the gravy trains never end. I love to read, he likes sports so the TV pretty much only contains sports channels. He is outdoorsy, very frank and incredibly blunt but I'm pretty much the curl-up-with-a-book-than-go-out-for-a-party kind of girl. So typical. Right? I can already imagine what my grave will read as I sit alone in my pathetic mess. Isabella Swan : Dating sense beyond crap. "Is there something wrong with me?" I ask out loud and Jake chuckles. "Here's some dating advice; don't be too conspicuous, men don't like that." I give him a big fake smile. "Wow, that's a great advice," He grins. "You know what you should do?" "What?" "You should go back to 1938 when the advice was last given." His expression turns soar and he stands up, keeping my iced tea back on my desk. "Yeah, whatever. I've to go. I'll see you on Sunday?" Oh, god no. "Um, actually, there is a new stock of―" "No, Bells. I'm not listening to anything. You have to be there. Come on, everyone's going. Even Angela. Please?" "What are we going to do? Just drink beer all day?" And watch the city get drunk. "Pretty much." He winks. "I'll drag you from your apartment if that's what it takes. Now, I've to do a little shopping for suits." I frown and stand up too. "Do you have enough cash or should I give you some?" I ask and my hand reaches for my purse. He is my responsibility. I should've handed him some beforehand. "Bells, it's okay. I told you, I'm doing this on my own. You've already done so much. I have the money." He mumbles as he stares at his shoes and I know he's lying. "How many suits can you buy from the money?" "Five." "Jake?" "Um, two." "You'll be working there five times a week, how are you possibly going to survive on two suits?" "A smile goes a long way." "Not long enough." I grab my purse and pull out my only credit card. "Here, get whatever you want. You know what? Hang on," I look around and spot Paul flirting with some lady customer. Every time. "Paul?!" I call out and he quickly strides over to us. "Hey, Jake. What's up, Bella?" He gives me a boyish smile. Yeah, he'll do. "Do me a favor, Paul, you have a good taste in clothes, right?" Paul scoffs. "Of course, Bella. What kind of question is that?" I roll my eyes. "Silly me. Take Jake for some shopping. His internship starts tomorrow, he needs to look smart. Get a lot of shirts and ties, whatever guys wear to, you know, mix-and-match." I say awkwardly and Paul chukles. "Don't worry, Bells. He's in good hands." "Thank you." I smile at him grateful. "Come on, Jake. Let's go, man." Jake looks a tad reluctant as he stares at the card in his hand. I sigh. Why can't he just listen to me for once? He will need good clothes. He's going to be working at one of the top firms in the country. I am so proud of him. "Jacob, go. Now." I point to the door and he gazes at me for a second. "You've been saving this money for the past two years, I can't just use it on some clothes." How does he know this? Anyway. "I'll be fine and I'd rather see my brother look dashing," He gives me a shy smile. "Get out." "Listen to the boss, Jake." Paul adds, making me laugh. "Okay, bye." Jake gives me a quick hug. "I'll see you at dinner." I murmur and he nods. I watch them both exit my store and let out a big sigh as I sit in my chair. I swivel the chair to turn and smile at the picture I stare at everyday. Her marble blue eyes glowing as the sunlight shines through her blonde locks. A carefree smile on her face, that looks just like Jacob's. Her memories have started to fade away, I'm pretty sure they'll be gone one day. My mom. Renee Dwyer. She was so beautiful. I feel a painful stab in my chest as I am reminded of my last memory of her. I can never recall the funeral. Grandma Swan said that I fell very sick knowing my mother would never be returning. I close my eyes and take a deep breath as bile rises up my throat. I open my eyes and I'm four again, my memories have taken another flashback. I'm staring at my mother, who lies on the hospital bed, clutching her swollen belly with one hand, the other one holds my hand. I tighten my grasp on my teddy, Lily, as I stare at my mother, who is gasping from pain. I lean on my tip toes and wipe away her tears, making her smile. She places a soft kiss on my hand, making me giggle because it feels a little tingly. " Mommy, what happen now?" I ask and she strokes my face. " Well, I'm going to get your little brother into this world." I give her a splitting grin. " Really? He comes now?" " Yes, then you'll have a brother." " He knows me?" " Of course he does, baby. You're his big sister. He remembers you." The door bursts open and doctors rush over to mom, checking her but she continues staring at me. " Nana, we buy toys for my brother?" I turn to stare at my nana, my most favorite person in the world. I see tears in her eyes and frown. Why is she crying? Is she having pain in her legs again? But she never cries. Nana is very strong. " Of course. We'll buy him cars and trucks." I smile. Yes! " Bella?" I turn to my mom. "Promise me something, honey." I nod. I should listen to mommy because she is in pain. " Yes, mommy." " Promise me, you'll take care of your little brother, help him, protect him and love him a lot." I will do that, because he's my brother. Silly, mom. " I promise, mommy. Won't you be here with me?" I frown at her. Mom says a baby needs his mommy all the time. " Maybe not." " Renee, don't." I heard nana said quietly from behind me. " Where are you going? I come with you?" Mom smiles through her tears. " You can't, sweetie. You have to live a long, happy life. Fall in love, get married, have your own little babies." I wrinkle my nose. " Boys are mean, mommy. I will not marry." She chuckles but winces when hurts. " Okay. Now, promise me that you'll never forget me." I smile. Who can forget their own mommy? " Mommy I never forget you, you'll be here with me, always." " I'll miss you so much." Her voice sounded very different. That's not like my mom. My bottom lip quivers as I stare at her. She will go away now? Like daddy went to get groceries long ago and never got back. " Mommy, don't go." I whimper and she wipes away my tears. " Hey, silly girl. I'm not going anywhere," She places her hand on my heart. "I'll be here, always. I promise." " Double promise?" " I double promise. And don't be trouble for nana, okay?" I nod. " We have to take her to the operating room, now." The man in the green clothes tell my nana, who starts to cry. " Bye, Bella. I'll always love you. Take care of your brother for me." I nod and wave at her as she goes out of the room on the bed with wheels. I smile and stare down at Lily. " Mommy is going to be fine and I'll get a little brother but I won't share him with you. You'll be mine every day." I kiss her and turn to nana. " Nana, you hold Lily? I will go see mommy." I reach out to give my teddy and the memory fades away. Just like that. "Bella?" I turn when I hear Emily's voice. "Yes?" "What are you opening? There are no drawers." I stare at my hands that have reached out for nothing. They were for my nana twenty three years ago. I place my hands on my lap and take a deep breath. Enough. Enough for today. I place a smile on my face and pivot the chair to where it was previously, facing the table. I look up at Emily who has a sympathetic smile on her face. I am not ready for anyone to give me pity looks! "I know you don't like to talk about it. I understand." Is all she says and gives my shoulder a soft squeeze before walking away. I grabbed my cold glass of iced tea and take a swig. I sigh when the cool liquid runs down my deserted throat. Ah, that's good. I study the store, there isn't much crowd today. Of course not. It's a Thursday. All I hear is the rustling of pages and clicking of heels from various corners. I open my desk drawer and grab the book I am currently reading. I hear footsteps approaching me and I keep the book away. A woman in her early-forties is gazing at me with a kind smile. Her amber eyes are filled with recognition and familiarity. Why is she staring