Author's Note: The inspiration for this particular fic can be credited to four authors. First to Mission to Marzipan for many of his posts but especially for Instead of Going Under which I highly recommend. Second to ArtemisIsis13 for Nico, Meet Your Papa , the fic that inspired my now permanent headcanon for Nico's future. Third to Muse of Fanfiction for the fic Children of the Underworld. And lastly to, of course, Rick Riordan for creating the world of Percy Jackson in which I spend my time. I should also take this opportunity to say thank you to my beta, Athelia, for being unbelievably patient with me and letting me send at least six drafts per chapter. I never would have finished this without you. I would also like to thank Sky Rat, Enviouswriter1, and Kooliez for their suggestions and assistance. Lastly I would like to thank my friend Alex who put up with my endless headcanon rants, read countless drafts, and even recorded the podfic for me (if you are interested it can be found on my Ao3 page). Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. All rights to Rick Riordan and Disney Hyperion. Nico startled awake. The sound filled the room, it filled his very thoughts, a great blaring siren that made his head spin. The room around him was still dark, shadows hulked in the corners waiting to strike, to drag him away by his ankles to where no one could find him. "Rachel!" he yelled, sounding far more panicked than he cared to admit. The sound screeched three more times before falling silent. Nico sighed in relief and shook his head. An alarm clock. That's all it was. Just an alarm clock. Don't be so dramatic, he scolded. He rolled over, glancing at his own clock briefly before burying himself further under his duvet. There was still time for him to get just a little more sleep. He could faintly hear the familiar slapping of Rachel Dare's bare feet as she crossed from hardwood to tiled floor followed by the sound of cupboard doors opening and closing in the kitchen. "Rachel!" Nico called again without opening his eyes. "What?" she yelled back. "Bring me food, please!" He smiled, forgetting in his drowsy delirium that Rachel Dare wouldn't bring him so much as a mouldy slice of cheese. His door opened without warning and he squirmed as a draft washed over him. He peeked out over his duvet and yelped as what felt like a cushion collided with his head. When he stuck his head out again, he glowered. Rachel stood silhouetted in his doorway, oversize T-shirt hanging off one shoulder and frayed denim shorts just poking out under the shirt's hem. Her hair hung in curled tendrils, framing her face like a lion's mane. "If you want food, get your scrawny ass out of bed!" She snapped. She had never been much of a morning person. "Fine," Nico grumbled. He was awake anyway. He slid out of bed, stretching and yawning before something soft and warm flew at his chest, startling him. Looking down, the sweatshirt he had left on his heater the night before was sitting at his feet. "Put that on, di Angelo, there's Fruit Loops if you get up." Rolling her eyes, Rachel left, leaving Nico to wriggle into his sweater. Nico had lived with Rachel for almost six months. After the war he had attempted to stay at camp, but the forced social interaction and physical activity had frustrated him. Will had been the one to stop him from returning to the Underworld and had instead directed him to the clipboard that hung on the wall in Chiron's office. A list of demigods looking for roommates in the city had been compiled, and Will had encouraged – forced – him to put his name down. Three days later, Rachel had sought him out – apparently Rachel's dad had given her a penthouse for her seventeenth birthday, and while she hated living alone, she hated living with her parents even more. For some reason, she seemed to think that finding the gloomiest kid at camp would make her happier. They had moved in together a week later and hadn't had a problem since – unless you counted intermittent monster attacks as a problem, which neither of them did. Nico heaved himself out of bed and trudged down the hall. The penthouse was huge, as most penthouses tended to be. The unused bedrooms had been converted into multiple studios for Rachel and there was even a game room where Nico spent countless hours playing Mario Kart. The kitchen at the end of the hall was part of the open concept living room that Rachel had thought up. The whole residence was modern in design with dark flooring and pale grey walls. Floor to ceiling windows lead to a terrace that looked over west Manhattan. Nico didn't really know or care much about home design, so he just appreciated the fact that it had four walls and air conditioning. Rachel was sitting at the granite kitchen island with her iPad, flipping through her iTunes library for the perfect playlist for a Monday morning when Nico approached. Nico, who was quite fond of pretending that Monday mornings didn't exist, honestly didn't understand why she bothered. "He lives," she noted as he neared her. "Good morning to you too." He glowered at the world around him. How dare it be so bright before his brain woke up – the white tiles reflecting sunlight from the wide windows were particularly offensive. Rachel's iPad started spewing some peculiar music that Nico couldn't identify as he trudged over to the cupboards. He was very adept at shutting out unwanted noise; it was an invaluable skill when sharing a ship with Leo Valdez. Nico winced at the pang of guilt when he thought of Leo. If I had just realized… He shook his head; there was no use in dwelling on the past. It was something he had been working on – not holding grudges or wasting time brooding on what he knew he couldn't change. He just had to keep moving forward no matter what kind of shit life threw at him. "Pass me a bowl," Rachel ordered from behind him. Nico nodded mutely and retrieved two bowls from the cupboard and a box of cereal from the shelf. Rachel made grabby hands at the box and swiped it from him – not that he protested. He found that in the mornings, it was best to just go along with her. Apart from Rachel's music, they ate in silence. She finished first as per usual. Nico was of the belief that Fruit Loops were to be savoured, not inhaled. Rachel however, was not. Rachel pulled her tablet off the table and slipped it into her worn, paint stained backpack. "I'm going to class," she announced. Nico grunted in response, stuffing another spoonful of cereal in his mouth. Rolling her eyes as she made to leave, Rachel waved a hand over her shoulder, "I'll see you later, runt." Nico listened to the sound of Rachel's footsteps as she padded over to the elevator, hearing her plop down on the faux leather ottoman to slip her shoes on before the elevator dinged, signalling its arrival. There was quiet for a few moments which Nico took as indication that Rachel had left. He savoured the silence. It was a pleasant change to when Rachel was around. She always had music playing from either her iPad or one of those 24/7 music channels on the T.V or wanted to have some kind of in depth discussion about what she had been working on in her philosophy class that day. He didn't really mind spending time with her. She seemed to instinctively know when he needed space and when he was open to conversation. Still, sometimes the complete silence and solitude was welcome. He liked to be able to think. By the time Nico had finished his cereal, the milk in his bowl had turned a horrible, radioactive pink. He tipped the remnants of his breakfast down the sink and set about tidying the kitchen. Rachel never seemed to put much stock in cleanliness but he liked his things to be neat. It made life much easier in the long run. Honestly he wasn't sure how Rachel managed to make such a big mess when all she was eating was a bowl of cereal. There were crumbs everywhere and a splatter of milk had pooled near the edge of the island. He retrieved a dish cloth and wiped down the island, thinking on what he would actually do that day. Generally there wasn't much variety in what Nico did with his time. He wasn't going to school despite being just fifteen - how could he, without so much as a valid birth certificate? He didn't have much of a social life and nor did he particularly want one. There were no wars to fight, no quests to complete, and no sisters to resurrect. He had pretty much run out of ideas as to what to do with his life. The most pressing projects he had to work on was completing Mario Kart on Rachel's game console and reading his way through the sci-fi section of the public library near the apartment complex. He could always settle in New Rome and join the Legion, he supposed. Perhaps the disciplined lifestyle would even be good for him, but it didn't quite strike him as what he really wanted to do with his life. If he was honest with himself, he missed the adventure that went with being a demigod. Sure, it had sucked at times - most of the time, really - but there was always that sense that he was doing something for the greater good. Something that would have made Bianca proud. That would have made his mother proud. He had been working to help people, to save the world - after he had gotten over his inferiority complex and abandonment issues, anyway. Nico was trudging his way to the game room, intent on resuming his battle against the fiend that was Rainbow Road when he saw it. A cloud of black swirling mist was gathering itself into existence, in the corner. It drew in tendrils of darkness from the shadows and grew. It grew until it towered over Nico like a mountain. Silently, he cursed himself. Why, oh why, had he left his sword in his room? He took several steps backward, distancing himself from the phenomenon even as he was unwilling to turn his back on it. He hadn't seen something of this nature before and it unnerved him. It didn't give off the same feeling of urgency or danger that accompanied monster attacks but it definitely sent chills down Nico's spine. The mist spun, condensing into a slimmer shape. Into a humanoid figure. The figure became more defined, shoulders grew sharper, arms and legs more easily distinguishable. Until finally the entirety of the figure was easily recognizable. "Father?" Hades emerged from the fog. In his dark grey suit and black tie, he looked ready to attend a budget meeting. His black dress shoes were so finely polished Nico could have sworn he could see his own reflection in them. His black hair hung to his chin and framed his sharp features. As usual, Hades did not look pleased. His face was grim as he stepped into the apartment, fiddling with his gold cufflinks. "Nico," he greeted, releasing his sleeve and letting his arm drop to his sides. "Shadows, horrible way to travel. If Zeus wasn't throwing a tantrum about the teleportation traffic…" he let the sentence trail off as he looked Nico up and down. Nico was suddenly painfully aware that he was still wearing his navy blue pyjamas. Hades raised an eyebrow in silent question, as if wondering