A note about the timeline: this fic assumes that Nico's birthday is January 28th, 1932. "The Gods called your name and the seas turned dark; the earth quaked with power. You looked up at Olympus screaming at the gates; "What will I become?" The Gods fell silent, then- with a thunderous roar replied; "Who are you now?" ~ Achilles ~ Autumn, 1941 Nico and Bianca sat side by side on the train. Nico huddled against her side, as close as he could possibly get. He was cold and lonely despite his sister's presence, the loss of his mother still aching in his chest. The boat ride across from America had spooked them both with the waves tossing the boat back and forth, wind howling, and rain pounding on the decks. Neither child said a word as the train trundled along. Across from them in the carriage sat two other boys and a young girl. Like Nico and Bianca, their coats and bags looked new and well cared for. A small trunk was stowed above each in the luggage rack and a small canvas bag sat on the ground at the eldest girl's feet. The girl sat in the centre of the group, one boy flanking her on either side. Both appeared to be younger than her; the eldest boy looked to be around Bianca's age. The younger one fiddled with a small figurine that Nico couldn't quite make out while the other was content to stare out the window. The girl held a book in her lap and perused it quietly, pausing every so often to brush a particularly stubborn brown curl behind her ear. The train ride seemed to pass quickly to Nico in comparison to their travels by ship, and all too soon the conductor's whistle was blowing, announcing the arrival at the station. Bianca clambered up to stand on one of the seats to pull down the trunks and the older boy in the carriage helped her fetch them down. Once the luggage was dealt with, Bianca grabbed Nico by the hand. His palm was sweaty and slipped from Bianca's clutch in several heart stopping moments of panic as they wormed themselves through the crowd on the busy platform. They battled their way through the swarm of people to the exit, practically tumbling down the station steps to the street beyond. Bianca hauled Nico out of the way of the bustling pedestrian traffic to a nearby bench to gather her surroundings. Nico obediently allowed himself to be pulled this way and that, knowing full well that even he, in all his nine-year-old wisdom, would have difficulty navigating such a situation. Bianca hastily tightened a loose fastening on Nico's trunk and buttoned up his rather dishevelled jacket. Then she sat herself on the edge of the bench, back ramrod straight, legs crossed at the ankles and tucked neatly to the side, just like she'd seen her mother do. She patted the bench beside her to get Nico to sit next to her then folded her gloved hands in her lap. Nico sat down far more clumsily, his spine slouched into a C against the back of the bench almost immediately. Still, he shuffled as close to Bianca as possible, nestling himself back into her side. Nico wanted to spend as much time with his sister as possible before being separated. He drank in every detail of her face. The curve of her small nose, the spray of freckles over her cheeks. Her short eyelashes and arched eyebrows. The way her hair hung against her cheek as if shielding her from the rest of the world. Even the red spot under her chin that she scratched at absently when her mind wandered and the small mole hidden behind the curve of her ear. Nico studied it all. He didn't want to forget a single detail. They weren't permitted to attend school together. Their grandfather was of the opinion that Bianca was too old to attend a co-educational school. At the age of nine, Nico was barely old enough to be sent to an all-boys school and nervous about striking out on his own. He was barely old enough to question why he was being sent away, only understanding that he had lost his Mama and his father wouldn't be coming back. They had initially been sent to their grandfather's home in Washington only to be quickly turned out with a small bundle of tickets and banknotes to send them to Italy to be with their aunt. In turn their aunt had stubbornly insisted that she was too old to care for two children and enlisted the help of their grandfather to send them to school. They had weathered one abandonment after another together and now they were to be separated. Nico had never felt so alone. So hopeless. Nico wasn't sure how long they sat there watching the flood of people pass by. He was just on the edge of sleep when Bianca hopped neatly off the bench. Her shoulder caught him briefly on the chin, jerking him back to alertness. A tall man dressed in a dark suit and a cap was standing over them. He had a stern face but his eyes were a kind grey. The harsh lines of his clothes were softened by the wrinkles in his face. He smelled strongly of cigarette smoke and when he smiled, his teeth shone yellow. "The di Angelos?" he asked. "Yes, sir," Bianca answered primly. "My name is Arlo Moretti. Your aunt hired me to collect you and transport you to the school grounds." Bianca nodded and reached for Nico's hand again to pull him off the bench. Nico allowed it, if only because he knew she was looking for the comfort of her strong brother. Obviously. Nico's school was made of dark red brick and seemed to extend forever behind the wrought iron gates. Nico looked up at the gates and gulped. It towered over him. The iron lettering of St. Dismas' School for Boys glared down at him. A kindly looking woman stood on the other side of the gate. She was plump and wore a pale purple apron over a grey dress. Nico glanced back at the car where Bianca watched from the open back seat. She nodded in encouragement and he took another step forward toward the gate. The woman smiled down at him. "Hello." She looked like one of the cakes Nico's mama used to bring up from the bakery and sounded just as sweet, enough to make Nico's teeth ache and his stomach curdle with sugar. "My name is Madam Belloni," she continued, pushing the gate open wide enough for him. "I'm the matron here at St. Dismas'. You must be Nico. Come on through and I will take you up to the school." With one glance back at his sister, Nico reluctantly slipped through the gap. As he did so, Bianca pulled the car door closed and Arlo steered the car carefully away down the hill. The siblings' schools were near enough to each other that they could attend the same church and Nico had been repeatedly assured that he would see Bianca on the coming Sunday. It didn't appease him. The week-long wait already seemed to stretch out endlessly in front of him. The gate slammed shut behind Nico, making him jump. Madam Belloni put an arm around his shoulders to guide him up the long driveway to the school entrance. The drive was lined sparsely with trees. Nico shied away from them as if they would bite. He ignored the gardens and sports fields, keeping his head down and resolutely staring at the ground. Gravel crunched under their feet, small stones rolling away from them with each step. The school soared over-head. An enormous flight of white stone steps loomed before Nico like a mountain. The doors at their peak were a solid green wood, each with an fist-sized knocker far above Nico's reach. Madam Belloni urged him up the stairs, lifted the curled, black door handles, and pushed the doors wide. She ushered Nico in ahead of her and he crept into the hall, butterflies fluttering in his stomach. Nico's first impression of the inside of the school was how big everything seemed. The hallway was gigantic, the ceiling so high above him. Everything appeared to be made of an unforgiving stone, brick, or concrete. He noted the silver pipes that ran all around every wall. The building must have some kind of heating system but it was nothing at all like the newest update that ran inside the walls of his old home in Washington. Some twelve boys were darting about the hall. They talked over each other and rough-housed, looking all too comfortable in the unfamiliar environment for Nico's taste. Each boy wore a mix of what looked to be the school uniform. Grey slacks or short pants with white shirts and grey sweaters, under which the blue and gold of the school colours winked out from their ties. Perhaps sensing Nico's wariness, Madam Belloni explained in a low voice, "The other boys arrived a fortnight ago. Not to worry, I am sure you'll make friends soon." She lifted her voice to address the hall at large. "Boys?" she called, and although her voice wasn't harsh it still carried an air of authority that stopped the boys in the hall dead. "That's better. Really, is this any way to behave? You're all quite lucky that I was the one to walk in and not Professor Lecce." The boys exchanged glances with one another, and Nico took note. Apparently, Professor Lecce was not someone he should cross. "This is Nico di Angelo," Madam Belloni continued. "He will be joining our school as a year four student. I expect that you will all make him feel welcome." She offered Nico a kind smile. "I must be off now, but..." She paused, her eyes carefully searching the group of boys. "Pietro, would you please show Nico his dormitory and help him settle in?" A small boy with a shock of light brown hair and dark eyes stepped forward. "Hello, Nico," he said, offering his hand. It reminded Nico of the way he had seen his grandfather introduce himself at parties. Nico narrowed his eyes, was the other boy making fun of him? "Hello," he said, shaking the proffered hand. Madam Belloni beamed at them. "Good. I will see you boys at supper." And with that, she disappeared down the hall. Pietro stood at Nico's side, facing the rest of the boys. A few offered Nico a small smile, one or two glared with open hostility, but most seemed uninterested, if not mildly curious, about the newcomer. At some invisible, inaudible signal they all began to introduce themselves at once. Nico didn't remember a single name except Pietro's and he was stunned by the sudden influx of people and voices. Pietro didn't seem to notice and practically bounded through the crowd, tossing lines into conversations as he passed, Nico scrambling to keep up with his heavy trunk. "Oh, sorry," said Pietro, apparently noticing Nico's struggle for the first time. "Here, I'll help." He took hold of the trunk's handle with one hand and they pulled it along together. "Our dormitory is on the second floor," he explained. "The year fours share with the fives." Nico nodded, struggling to keep up with the taller boy. The trunk skidded on the wooden floor as it was pulled around unevenly. "You don't talk much," Pietro noted. "Cat got your tongue?" Nico frowned. He supposed Pietro was right. Normally Bianca complained that he never shut up, but since... it happened he hadn't heard her complain once. He shrugged. "I'll get you to talk," Pietro announced. He let go of the trunk; it thudded to the floor, nearly wrenching Nico's shoulder out of its socket with the sudden weight. "And smile, too." Nico's mouth twitched