Lurkh fell with a grunt, his face slamming into the rock as the man behind him slammed into his back. There was a sharp crack as his nose broke, and he roared out his agony, muffled by the dirt in his mouth. He fought and wrestled with his captors, throwing out his powerful arms into their faces and flailing his legs wildly. They shouted and fell, but more and more came to take their places, and soon he was overwhelmed. One with long gold hair and a green cloak held a knife to the Uruk's throat while three more bound his arms and legs. The black blood pouring into his mouth from his broken nose tasted foul, and he spat it into the man's face with a grunt of defiance. The man cried out in revulsion and fell back, wiping his face furiously. But a replacement was there, of course. A hundred men and more, all binding one Uruk. Disgusting odds, but he knew he deserved it. "Feldmarshal Isendohtor!" One of the many men standing around the captive called into the throng. "A captive!" This man was obviously a leader of some sort, judging by his ornate cloak pin and horsehair-crested helm. Lurkh watched him closely, his eyes narrowed. The man had had no part in the actual capture, but had berated his men to try harder even as they fell back from the strength of the Orc's limbs. And now he took the credit. This one bore surveillance. Lurkh chuckled to himself. Still thinking like an Uruk captain; soon enough, they'd kill him. They might torture or interrogate him first, but eventually he'd die. There was no other fate for his kind at the hands of the Free Peoples. The Free Peoples took their captives and killed them! For some reason, he laughed. The Free Ones and their captive ones, let go into the utterly free realm of death! He found the thought hilarious, and his thick gravelly laugh, made thicker with blood, rang out over the hum of voices around him. The Rohirrim looked at him, lying there, bound and laughing. To them it was a harsh snarling roar, and they stared at him apprehensively. "What's it doing?" one whispered to his companion. The other shrugged. "Who can tell with an Orc?" he murmured back, his face full of disgust as he watched the creature on the ground before him. "They don't think. They don't feel. They live only at the will of their leaders." They spoke in Rohirric, so Lurkh had no idea what they were saying, but their faces spoke more than their tongues. He glared back at them with his narrow yellow eyes, and they quickly looked away from his evil gaze. They feared him, even when he could not move; they feared him even when they outnumbered him a hundred to one. And with good reason. He was so tall he was almost Manlike, and his arms were thick and powerful. His skin was black and mottled, and what hair he had was lank and stringy. With a broken nose and spattered with the blood of their dead companions, he was a fearsome sight even bound. The sun was suddenly blocked by a huge figure, tall and muscular. A long green and gold cloak covered the person's back and his helm was covered with a huge horsetail. The cloak and horsetail waved in the wind, and the sun glinted off his sword as he drew it and raised it to strike... Lurkh closed his eyes and winced involuntarily, waiting for the final blow... but none came. As seconds went by and no steel sang, he cracked one eye open and squinted against the sun. It was no man towering over him, but a woman. She was stern and somber, but her strength was obvious, and her poise showed confidence and power. Lurkh found himself almost envious. These Men followed this mere woman because they trusted her. His own minions had obeyed him out of fear. That was the law in Mordor; if you were the biggest, strongest, and cleverest, you held the power. Here, it was ability to lead. There were probably several in this gathering more powerful then she, but she knew what they wanted and needed, and so could lead them. Feldmarshal Elye Isendohtor'slip curled in disgust as she surveyed the bloody, bound creature before her. Why she had put her sword down, she did not know; this beast had killed so many of her companions, slain others she would never know, defiled Middle-earth with its mere existence - and yet, she had stayed her sword. She looked down at her sword Dreamstar, pondering. But only for an instant. "Who are you?" her voice was asclear and sharp as Dreamstar's edge. It held authority, and compelled you to answer. Through the blood in his mouth, Lurkh spat back, "Why didn't you kill me?" Isendohtor heard only a gurgling snarl. "Do you speak a proper tongue?" she demanded slowly, in Common. Lurkh spoke in slow Common as well, trying to get around the black liquid. "Yes. Why... didn't... you... kill me?" The Feldmarshal saw the problem. "Sit it up and let it get spit out the blood. Someone, get a rag to mop it up." Two of the men still holding onto Lurkh's arms yanked him up roughly, like a child who couldn't sit on its own. Lurkh made sure to cough up the blood right at Isendohtor's feet, glaring at her without fear. He said nothing as a makeshift poultice was applied to his nose, and only grunted slightly with pain when deft fingers set the bone back in place and the bleeding slowed, then stopped. "Now," declared Isendohtor, speaking slowly still. "Answer me." "Why didn't you kill me?" Lurkh repeated for the third time, this time angrily. This wasn't right, they weren't supposed to be healing him, they were supposed to slit his throat and be done with it. That was what always happened with these disgusting Free Peoples. Isendohtor looked again at Dreamstar. "I ask the questions, Orc!" she snapped. Then, she paused and said angrily, "You killed my people in combat, in a fair fight. By rights I should kill you, but to do that when you are bound and unarmed... that would set me lower even than you. And there is nothing lower than you." Lurkh ignored the slight and grunted. "Then kill me now. Do it. If you don't do it now, you'll only do it later, when I'm not ready to die." His voice still sounded like unintelligible grunting, even when speaking Common, but Isendohtor was growing used to the peculiar quality. "You are filth," she spat, "but I cannot kill you now. You are our prisoner." There were many cries of protest from the group. The man with the brooch approached her, obviously furious. "Feldmarshal," he almost shouted, "this is a breach of conduct. This... this creature -" he kicked Lurkh in the side roughly- "cannot live! It would be like allowing a pox to spread throughout our camp, and not isolating the sick. These things are poison, pure poison, and poison spreads like a rumor. One night, it will whisper treason into a man's ear, and it will be untied, and kill you, and me, and every man here in his sleep, because you would not kill it on honor. Honor. Orcs have no honor. Were it you lying there, surrounded by its kind, this one would kill you and eat you itself. Do you not see that?" He was roaring now, and Lurkh watched the proceedings with interest. Seeing as he would not die, perhaps he ought to form an opinion of these men. The Feldmarshal said nothing through his words, only listened with an unreadable expression on her stern face. When he finished, she marched over to Lurkh and drew her sword. He flinched, waiting for the cold steel once more, but felt nothing but a sudden tightening, than loosening, of the bonds on his hands and feet. He blinked. She had cut through the ropes. He was free. He made no sudden movements, but sat up slowly, trying to overcome a wave of dizziness. Their beating had done more to him than he had thought. The Uruk raised an arm to feel for a bruise on his head. Hands shifted to weapons, but relaxed again when they saw his intent. Isendohtor watched him for a moment more, than turned to the original three who had bound him. "Guard it," she told them, then walked off, leading the spluttering Man-With-the-Brooch behind her. Back in the Marshal's tent, Elye Isendohtor poured herself a flagon of ale and sat down, rubbing her temples to ease her sudden headache. Sperewigend Brohka followed her directly into the small space, seating himself across from her and leaning forward, his face white and livid. His beautiful brooch gleamed in the lamplight as he gripped the table with both hands. "This is madness ," He hissed, his face a mere six inches from the Feldmarshal's. "You are allowing evil incarnate to walk free. You are sending some sick perversion of Man and Orc into the world to wreak its havoc. You are-" "-Doing what's right," interrupted Isendohtor. "That Uruk, disgusting though it might be, did nothing against us." "It killed our men," Brohka insisted. "It slew my people, it drove its blade through men I have known for years. It is a murderer." "Did you ever think," Isendohtor said mildly, sipping her ale, "Of all the Orcs you have slain over the years? Perhaps three dead at your sword every skirmish, skirmishes every month, for fifteen years. You have murdered as many as that Uruk, if not more. It is terrified, it knows that at my whim it is dead. There were fifty Orcs in that fight. The Uruk I let free has forty-nine companions to mourn." "Mourn." Brohka snapped. "Mourn. That thing does not mourn them. It cares only for its own skin. It would kill all forty-nine itself, if it could go free. It-" Isendohtor decided it was time to break off the conversation before it got ugly. "I have made my decision," she said firmly, draining her ale and rising. "I will go and speak to it now." Brohka stared after her a moment more before following her outside. "Give it no oppurtunity to commit any treachery," he told her as she strode toward where the Uruk now stood. Isenfolme stopped and smiled at him grimly. "I showed it mercy," she said. "I never said I trusted it." Lurkh could barely stand. His head and nose were throbbing, his legs and wrists burned with new-found circulation, he was weary from fighting. But he would not lie down and accept helplessness. The Man-With-the-Brooch and the Woman-With-the-Plume were coming back. That terrible sword was still in the woman's hand, blast it. He could not yet rest easy. The woman said something in that rolling Horse-tongue to the men guarding him, and they edged closer, lifting their swords a little higher. Some sort of command, maybe "Watch him." Lurkh watched her come closer, totally devoid of fear. She spoke first. "I would treat with you as an equal," she said to him. "So long as you do not threaten any man here, you will come to no harm. Say what you will to me, be it insult, flattery, or death wish; just remember that three are ready to take off your head even as they gut and cripple you. Now speak. Who are you?" Lurkh looked at her hard for a moment. After a moment, he spoke, in that hideous voice accented with evil. Several men covered their ears, and even Plume-Woman looked uncomfortable. But she would get used to it or not listen to him, so he spoke anyway. "I am Lurkh, Captain of the Eighteenth patrol of the Morannon, servant of the Dark Lands and hater of