Characters belong to whoever international law says they do. Where this is not me I am content. For pleasure not profit. If the shade of Tolkein still bothers with this Earth I hope he will accept my apologies for my inadequacies in writing for his wonderful creations. It is done with deep respect. I am not at all sure where this sits. It not a cross over as such, unless its one between a commercial fanfiction and canon but I'm not at all sure how you categorise that. I'll set as LoR though it is actually set between the end of the Hobbit and the start of LoR and is concerned in getting Legolas back to where he should be, and to who he is. The Way Back Dark thoughts upon the road The hooded rider on the white horse had travelled for two days down the gloaming of the woodland road without sight of any living thing; a sign perhaps of the change in the fortunes of this land. Once, and not so long ago, it would have been madness to ride this path on a loose rein and with a wandering mind, but the rider of the white horse was doing just that and remained unmolested. Had that rider paid more attention to the world around him he would have noticed changes other than that lack of molestation, he would have seen that even in the present cold, and despite the silent emptiness, signs of new life were emerging to be read by those who knew how; and this rider should have read them better than most. Yet he remained oblivious to them as to most of his surroundings instead being lost in some other world within himself. His silent absorption in his thoughts did not impede his progress, despite the cold shadow of the woodland, for he and his horse knew this path too well to fear losing it. Nor would he be overpowered easily should danger suddenly threaten for he was well armed, with bow, knife and sword, though the need for such precautions was greatly lessened now that the Necromancer had fled his southern fortress and the spiders and other the spawn of his dark magic had withdrawn from the forest. Or so rumour would have it Thranduils power now stretched further from his halls than the day the rider had last travelled this road. Ahead of horse and rider the tunnel of trees stretched without apparent end, the light within it but a pale imitation of itself as if it had been bled of its power by some snow dragon's evil breath. Yet that air moved constantly despite the confines of the forest, ruffling the smaller twigs and branches until they scraped together in hoarse moans of protest. The sound and the chill at last penetrated the rider's abstraction and he pulled his hood closer around his neck and urged his horse to a slightly faster pace. His grey cloak, though heavy, could not entirely evade the teasing of the wind, each flutter allowing the damp in the air to seep into his tunic and the wind tormented boughs had sent many a shower of falling ice into his lap to soak his breeches and scatter small freezing pellets down the tops of his long boots. A frown drifted across his brow, it was as if fate were conspiring to make his return as miserable as possible. The seasons had turned seven full circles since he last entered this woodland of his birth. In truth a little more than that, for he had turned his back on home as autumn first turned its face towards winter and now the snow lay heavy in the few forest clearings he had crossed and the freezing chill in the air showed that seasons icy hand to be fully in command of the land. Yet there was no curiosity in his face, nor joy either, he seemed distanced from all around him, sunk in a world that only he could see and hear. If someone had been there to see him pass they would have assumed this inner world was one that gave him no pleasure at all, for he wore a lost and wary look. He wasn't alone in his misery either for his horse was hanging her head, her heavy winter coat was spattered with mud and ice, and she was clearly hoping to find a stable soon. The rider shivered and patted her neck, for his steed's sake alone they must reach their goal before dark. They drew to a halt at a small crossing of the path the rider sitting tall in the saddle and scanning the deepening shadow with watchful eyes. The spiders may have withdrawn but other dangers might still lurk here in the depth of the trees, for him perhaps more than for others. That thought sent a wave of sadness across his face and his blue eyed seemed to dim with some sudden pain. He pushed back his cloak, making sure that its folds did not obscure the handle of his short sword. This was a good place for an ambush he recalled, and he had let many an arrow fly from the tall beech over there in the days before all had come to grief. But now all remained silent and deserted, the great beech no less than all the other trees of the wood, and even his eleven senses could detect no hint of movement or life other than that stirred by the wind, not even the usual scurrying of the forest. True little would be abroad this far into a winters day but the total silence was unnerving suggesting to him that he had been abandoned by all that he had held most dear. But this was no place to tarry and wonder. The trunks of the greater trees were dark and damp, those branches that still had a covering of shabby green were dusted with ice, and the sky, where it could be glimpsed, was as grey as Thingol's legendary cloak. The shadows were quickly lengthening on the eastern side of the trees, betraying the aging of the day, the pale winter sun had not turned westward before the cloud had overtaken it but he knew that night could not be far away. Time was not on his side if he was to make his objective this day. Little around him suggested that shelter would be close to hand but he knew that if he followed the off shoot of the main road that wound through the press of saplings to his right he would save many miles and give him just enough time to reach shelter before the light was too poor for his mount to step in safety. Even so he paused a moment longer shivering with something more than cold. Doubt seemed to assail him and the look of loss was replaced by one of fear as a string of unwelcome thoughts took hold of him. Was he so truly forsaken? Was this silence rooted in something more than winter? What evil might have befallen his land in the time of his absence, he had heard that the shadow had lifted from the wood but how much of that could he believe? Would he find the halls of his kin as deserted as these trees appeared to be? What might have happened to his father, whose power secured them, in the time since his leaving? As he stared into the dimness of the road he felt a wave of impatient anger at himself, why had he been wandering the byways when he should have been here protecting this homeland and his kin! The sudden thought of his father tore at his heart and a look of deep distress settled on his face as a bitter regret for the time and manner of his leaving took hold of him again. Some shame too as memory of the reason for that leaving surged. But such thoughts were not new, they had ridden with him everyday of the last seven years, and though that period was usually as nothing to an elf for him it had seemed a thousand years. He had thought that his return would give him mastery of them but it seemed that was not to be the case. With a sigh at the thought he urged his weary horse onwards again. She knew the road well and her ears pricked forward as she scented the familiar air; her rider however seemed once again to be oblivious to all around him. As he rode through the places of his past there was no escaping either his thoughts, nor his doubts and fears. Had the weather been kinder or the day less advanced he might well have turned aside from the road so dark were his musings. Too late now to undo what had been done, too late to prevent the harm that might have flowed from his actions. Too late perhaps to make amends to those who had endured the outcome of the battle when he had run from it. Too late to unsay things that should never have been said. Nothing of the past could be changed, no more than what lay before him could be. 'Home, he was going home' he reminded himself. His heart should be lighter than this and there should be a song on his lips not this sense of hollow grief. Never did he recall feeling so much trepidation, such regret, on such a journey. Yet it mattered little, for the price, whatever that might be, would have to be paid unless he was to banish himself forever. Once he had hunted beneath these trees with joy in his heart, not even the relentless forays against the spiders dampening his good humour and pleasure in the forest. He had asked for nothing more than to spend his days beneath elm and beech bathing in the deep green light of their shelter and the bright yellow shafts of the sun where they permitted it. The song of his people, the comradeship of his brothers and sisters of the bow, the companionship of his fellows and his father, on these had his life and pleasure been built, and he had never expected that to change. He had never doubted his future; he would find his one true one and found his family here amongst the trees and within the protection of his father's halls. But nothing was as it had been. In those days the forest would have spoken to him, tree and rock and every running brook sharing their song to welcome him home. Every one of his folk would have felt his return and been glad of it, but now there was only silence and a void where once the presence of his people would have been. In the face of such silence he could only wonder what affection remained to him. The deepening gloom seemed to echo his memories. He knew the fault to be his alone, for he was his people's prince and they had the right to expect more constancy from him. He had been tested and he had failed. That had been a dark day indeed. The battle within a city ruined long ago by greed and pride, a pride no less than the one that had sent him fleeing the consequences of his actions and mistakes. To his own eyes that departure now looked a little cowardly, with more of the child about it than his years could defend. To leave at such a moment when his people were dying, and when his father, his king, had been besieged on all sides could not be excused for any hurt. For he knew even as he had raised his sword in a needless defiance that his father had been facing a terrible choice, torn between duty, the need to preserve his companies, and