Before We Go Oh my God I just really really really loved writing this. Like guys, for real, it took me maybe 3 months of writing and taking a break and writing and taking a break, etc. I got the idea after watching a movie called Before We Go with Chris Evans(hubba hubba) and kind of went from there. I liked the idea of one day and a mission so this is what I came up with. I didn't want to do chapters because I feel like they're a bit constricting and for this story I wanted it to seem like a rush of a million things at once, but I did have to split it into 3 parts because of the long length. I hope you guys love it as much as I do! And please comment if you want a oneshot story about Sirius and Rachel! I want to wrote one, but I also want a reason! Btw thanks JK Rowling for harry potter because without you this would be impossible! Part 1: "Bugger!" Lily Evans yells as she kicks her foot against the stone wall. She winces in pain as she reaches down to grab her foot. Son of a bitch! She thinks. The young redhead looks around to check to see if anyone had seen her outburst. Looks like it's clear. She had just hopped off her train from Ireland. She spent her summer holiday with her grandmum and away from her family. Lily leaned up against the wall of Kings Cross Station and takes a deep breath. Fuck. I just spent my whole bloody holiday with an elderly woman and did not get one thing from my list done. Lily had made a list on her train ride home from Hogwarts two months before. She had planned on doing everything she had never ever accomplished before starting her seventh year. I mean she was 17 and still had never been in a bar before. She tucked her list into her pocket and began walking towards the exit. She was to catch a ride from a cab to get home. As she made her way through the thick crowds of busy people trying to get to their platforms, she runs straight smack into a firm figure. "Fuck!" She yells as she steadies herself back. "Oi! Sorry there, love! My bad." The deep voice apologizes. "Ugh, perfect!" Lily sighs as she reaches down to shove her belongings back in her suitcase. Somehow everything had spilled out when she hit the man. He reaches down and begins helping her get her things back in order when he says, "These are quite nice." And she looks up to see a handsome smirk and her bright red, lacy panties dangling from his finger. "Give me those!" She screams as she snatches them from his grip. "Interesting choice of knickers. I do prefer black, though." The man says smartly. "Well good thing because they're not for your preference!" She zips up her bag and stands to meet his gaze. "Now that you've basically assaulted me and ransacked my bag, would you mind moving out of my way?" She asked very shortly. "Well, I don't seem to hear you apologizing to me yet, so no." He responds. He's about six feet tall, wide shoulders and a lean body. His glasses are thick rimmed and settle in front of his light hazel eyes. "Apologize to you? For what, may I ask?" Lily responds quickly. "For charging into me! You were basically running through here!" He outbursts while chuckling, gesturing to the station around them. "I'm on a short schedule! I'm leaving for school tomorrow and I haven't even been home for one second this summer!" She cries. She is sick of the antics and wants to go home to be miserable. "School? How old are you?" He asks her, scoffing. "Seventeen. How old are you?" She quips back. "Twenty. And how do you know I'm not on a short schedule! I'm off to training tomorrow morning, missy!" "Don't 'missy' me! I'm not a child! I'm an adult, you ass!" Lily answers quite offended. "Seventeen isn't an adult in England!" The man responds smartly. Shit. Bloody muggle. "Right, I meant almost adult." She responds exasperated. "Unless," he says slowly with a sly smile, "what does the word 'diagonally' mean to you?" He asked emphasizing the pause between "diagon" and "ally." She pushes him into a small alcove and presses him against the wall. "What are you playing at?! Asking random strangers about 'diagonally'? Are you trying to get magic exposed?" She asks yelling at him. "Calm down, I figured you were a witch. School tomorrow? Seventeen? Please you're trying to expose wizards." "Whatever. Even though it was so damn brilliant meeting you, I am off." She turns in her heel and starts to walk out. "Wait!" The man yells as she whips around to give him a dirty stare. "You dropped this." He said as he held out a piece of paper. My list! "Give that to me!" She screams as she reaches out to grab it. But Lily is too slow as the man whips around to read it. "Lily's To Do List." He says. He turns to look at her, "What is this?" "Nothing!" She reaches out again but he raises his hand in the air. "Just give it to me! Aren't you tired of antagonizing me?" She yells as she jumps trying to reach her list. "So this is why you're so eager to get home. You've got quite a bit to do before school starts tomorrow." He says examining the paper a bit further. "Like you care! Just give it to me! You can see I have loads to do!" She yells at him. He reads, "Never gotten into a fight," he looks her up and down, her cheeks flushed red and her chest heaving, "I don't quite believe that one." "Well I don't really give a damn what you believe. Honestly, do you get off on bugging young girls?" Lily was at the end of her patience. The two of them were still in close quarters inside the alcove. "No, but I am a bit bored. How about this, I get to help you accomplish everything on this list and I'll give it back to you." He proposed. "I'm sorry but the list isn't really worth that much to me. But thanks." She turned to leave when she heard a mumble from the man. "What was that?" She asked as she whipped around to face him. In his hand were her bright red knickers. "If I get to help you finish the list, you can have these back." She ran up to him and screeched, "Put those away before someone sees!" She huffed and said, "Fine. But only because I want those back." The bloke smiled at her. He pocketed her panties and put out his hand. "Well, first let's get to know one another. James Potter." "Lily Evans." James get a good look at her rounded face, freckles, large green eyes, and a pointed nose. Pretty. He thinks. "What am I to do with my suitcase?" Lily asked, annoyed. "Oh, right." James mumbled something under his breath and the trunk shrunk into the size of a house key. He handed it over and Lily stuck it in the pocket of her tight jeans. "Well item one says you've never been in a bar. You're of age so that won't be problem." He puts out his arm and they apparate out of the station. Pop! They land in the middle of the Leaky Cauldron in Diagon Alley. "I've never been in here before! Never had a reason to come in, I usually just pass through." Lily shouts at James over all of the noise. He laughs and guides her to the bar, "Well, Tom's a good friend of mine, he'll take care of you." They both sit on the high bar stools, well Lily hops up, and James says, "Two firewhiskeys please." "Is that your favorite?" Lily asks as she turns towards James. "Nope, hate the stuff. Both are for you." He sends her a wink and puts a glass in her hand. "Bottoms up!" Lily's eyes widen as she realizes that if he can't take the shot, how the hell is she supposed to? She gives him a frightened look and he tells her, "It's fine! I promise! I just prefer muggle liquor." She nods and downs the shot. It burns like a firework racing down her throat. She coughs and James pounds her back. "Only one more to go!" He shouts smiling proudly at her. "Are you kidding? These are great! One more round, please!" She takes the next shot and shoots it down, licking her lips. "Why don't you like it?" Lily asks. The atmosphere around them is full of chatting, loud magical folk. Some witches and wizards, working house elves, goblins, and even what looks like a small troll. "It just isn't what I fancy. Muggle alcohol burns, but in a different way. They serve some at the pub I usually go to in London." He replies sipping on an alcoholic butterbeer. "Oh, I've never had muggle alcohol before, except on a trip to France once where I had some champagne." She replied as she grabbed her last shot and finished it off. "Why did you make this list?" James asked, changing the subject quickly. Lily was a bit caught off guard at the sudden question. "I guess I felt like I hadnt accomplished anything cool since I became of age. I wanted some stories to bring aback to my friends and I didn't want to just be an inexperienced loser, I guess." She replied meekly. "Well I barely know you and you don't seem like the quiet nerdy type to me. I mean, you practically got into a fight with a guy you merely bumped into and no geek I know owns racy knickers." He chuckled and added, "Plus you swear like a sailor." Lily blushed and felt self conscious all of the sudden. "I'm a prefect at Hogwarts and I'm expecting a Head Girl letter when I get home. I don't know, I feel so much more different at school, like I'm trying to be a goody-goody, but not knowingly." She knew she didn't make sense. James smiled at her. "Head Girl. Wow, I would love to see you giving it out to a pair of horny Slytherins out of bed past curfew." "I've seen my fair share of hookups in the broom closets. No Slytherins though, they usually just bully people or smoke in the courtyard." She looked up at James, "What house were you in?" "Gryffindor, home of the damn best lot of people in the world. What are you, Ravenclaw? You've got some wit to you." He guessed. When he talked about Gryffindor he shot straight up and puffed out his chest, so proud of his house. "I'm actually a Gryffindor, too. We can be smart assess just as much as Ravenclaws," she said. "Yes we can. Back in my day," James started but Lily's eyes wandered to the entrance of the bar when she saw Piper Whitlock walk in. "Oh Merlin, hide me!" Lily screeched as she ducked behind James' wide figure. "What? Why?" He turned to look for what was causing Lily's outburst. "That's Piper Whitlock, Hogwarts Bitch. She hates me and she's coming this way, fuck." Lily straightened up and met Piper's eye. "Why isn't Smelly Lily!" The blonde shouted, stressing Lily's name as 'Lelly' so her rhyme made sense. "What a surprise seeing you in public! I thought you would never see sunlight again after what happened at the end of term." She leaned in to whisper in Lily's ear, "Still smell like wet dog?" Pipers breath was hot and smelled like sour candies. James looked at Piper quizzically as if wondering what she meant by