History Class Friday afternoon was the worst this year. Her Sophomore class was boisterous at the best of times, and few of them enjoyed History enough to be able to concentrate during the last period of the week. Every week they sauntered, shuffled and bounced into Leontine's classroom and every week she would be forced to use the first precious slice of time corralling them and forcing the topic away from weekend plans. She loved them for their devil-may-care attitudes. The freedom to be self-absorbed and over-dramatic was more precious than they would ever know. Teachers didn't generally enjoy their students' ignorance but on that matter she was more than content. Most of the curriculum was formulated by central government in the Capitol and although there was some room for manoeuvre and district-specific modules, some things were absolutely required. The Massacre of the Innocents was required study for Sophomores the country over, starting in Week Six of Spring semester. Leontine had been a teacher for more than twenty years in four different districts and had yet to find a tougher teaching assignment than the Massacre. Without fail, every year her students reacted to the essay assignment with the same set of responses. It didn't help that she still found it tough to deal with herself. 'Everyone, shut up!' she bellowed. The class fell silent. Miss Leontine was never like this with them. Her students loved Miss Leontine for her refusal to use her surname with them, for her kindness, patience and deep faith in them . 'Your homework assignment-' Groans. Why was Miss Leontine giving them the homework assignment before the class had even begun? 'Your homework assignment!' she repeated. 'Is as follows: "The Massacre of the Innocents was a necessary act to bring the war to a swift end and save more lives. Discuss.' A moment's silence. Then loud, concerned chatter. She let them talk amongst themselves for a minute or two. It was one of the first truly difficult tasks handed to them, the first time they'd be required to use the historical analysis skills she'd been teaching them for a year and a half. They were unsettled and nervous. Leontine was a History teacher and knew that every so often something so utterly heinous occurs that the scars they leave are written deep into the DNA of those who survive and passed on to each subsequent generation. One of the kids put his hand up, brows furrowed. 'Yes, Peeta?' Another Peeta. In her first year of teaching she had twelve Peetas, nine Katnisses and four Finnicks. When she moved to District Four, that reversed to fourteen Finnicks, eleven Katnisses and eight Peetas. Times had changed though, and the people no longer felt the need to honour the old heroes as they once did. In District Two she had three Gales in one class for a year and she had to call them by the surnames. This year she has two Peetas, a junior and this sophomore. Her last Katniss graduated last year, but there's a Gale in the freshman class and a young man called Everdeen in her homeroom. 'How... how long should it be, Miss Leontine?' 'It's up to you, but anything less than two pages isn't enough.' She clears her throat and begins to spiel she's developed over the years. 'If you're looking for simple, easy answers, you won't find them. So, once we're done with class – and we'll do more on Tuesday - read the chapters in your textbooks. Read the suggested primary texts. Read. Read as much as you can from all sides. That's the only hope any of us can have to grasp what happened that day.' Silence, just like every year. The rest of the period moved quickly, the kids caught up in the facts as they covered the Massacre of the Innocents, like how it was General Hawthorne himself who named it such, how the Mockingjay went mad that night, how it brought Panem's oppressors to their knees at last... It was the first time that the students groaned when the bell rang at the end of the lesson. Leontine took her time getting home that evening. The air was crisp, the sky clear, so she walked home. District 12 was lovely in the spring. She stopped in town to pick up groceries and ran into some of her sophomores there, gathered by the fountain as was their custom. A cheerful voice called out to her: 'Good evening, Miss Leontine!' She smiled and waved at them. 'I thought you'd be sick of the sight of me, Peeta.' 'Yeah- I mean, no! We were just saying how great class was today. But I don't... I'm not looking forward to the assignment.' He went red and Shiloh gave him a teasing shove. She spoke: 'Don't listen to him, Miss Leontine. I didn't know history could be well, interesting. Sorry.' Leontine's smile is understanding. She didn't like it much when she was at school, but things were very different then. 'I look forward to reading your essays. But for now I have only one instruction: enjoy your evenings. I'll see you all on Monday.' She dawdled home along the road towards the Meadow. The yellow bushes in her front garden gave the appearance of glowing in the dying spring sunlight. Inside she heated the night before's leftover stew and passed the night watching television and marking the latest freshman papers. The following Friday brought twenty-three of twenty-six papers to her. Two of the incompletes are understandable: Silvie has been home sick since Tuesday, Laurel broke his foot in gym class the day before. Peeta has no paper and no ready excuse. 'I tried, Miss Leontine.' He blushed furiously red. 'I couldn't find the words.' Leontine could see how hard he was trying to keep his composure. She had at least one student every year who just couldn't do it and she always knew who it would be: the sensitive, empathetic kids who struggled with the notion that human beings could wreak such havoc on each other. 'We'll speak after class, Peeta. For now, I'd like you to get in groups. I'll come around and give each group a cause to discuss and then present to the class...' The class works diligently throughout. Their presentations are thoughtful, by and large. A couple of kids worry her with their complete lack of empathy but that's the same as every year too. The bell rings, another week done. Peeta hovers near her desk until the others are gone. She waits for him to speak. It feels mean but she knows from experience it's kinder in the long run. 'Miss Leontine, I...' Peeta sniffles. 'I haven't been able to sleep for days... I can't think of anything else. I knew what the Massacre was before, of course but I didn't feel what it was and now...' She hands him a tissue. 'I know how you feel. Really I do. I have to teach it every year and it never gets easier. I promise you that. But you have got to write an essay. Write how you feel, however long it is or however you write. Just do . All you can do – all any of us can do – is face it full-on.' He gives her a nod and leaves. She repeats the routine of the previous Friday but its raining and the students aren't outside. She makes herself some sandwiches and coffee and faces the Massacre full-on herself by grading their papers. She has a box of tissues at hand like every year. Shiloh's is the first to bring on the tears. She is a sweet girl trying hard to see all the possible viewpoints. Tommy's paper is sixteen pages long and at least six pages longer than it needs to be, but he finds refuge in words so she's not surprised. Edd's paper is the minimum length and he said all he needed to say in the first paragraph. He's one of the black-and-white kids who wouldn't know empathy if it hit him in the face. She works all night because she can't stop with this assignment. Her coffeepot works harder than at any other time of the year. She is still awake when there is a knock on her door just after eight o'clock on Saturday morning. It is Peeta, as exhausted as her. He hands her his essay and walks away again without a word. Well, she didn't need to sleep... The Massacre of the Innocents was a necessary act to bring the war to a swift end and save more lives. Discuss. We take it for granted now that the Articles of Government for Panem decree all human beings are of equal value and worth. We forget that not all that long ago it wasn't so. We forget that children were required to kill as entertainment within living memory. We forget that there were Citizens and there were the Districts. It's easy to forget when it isn't your own experience. How can I say if killing hundreds of children and medical workers was necessary? How can I say that those lives were worth more or less than the lives not lost? Nothing in the records can prepare an answer to that question which is truly honest. I know what I'd like to say, but I don't know. I don't even know how I'd feel if I was Reaped. Scared, I guess, but I don't know. I wouldn't like to kill, but would I? The value of human lives changes, but the only universal truth is that it's never valued highly enough by anyone. I don't know whether General Hawthorne was right. I can tell from the primary sources that he regretted it but not enough to not do it . I know that the bomb-maker killed himself five years later but the sources tell me there are plenty of other reasons why he might've done that. General Hawthorne was really young and had seen his district blown to pieces by the people who'd been oppressing it for his entire life. On the other hand, surely some things are always wrong? I wasn't there and I don't know what it felt like. I don't even know if it did save lives. Squad 451 were down but not out. Without the Massacre, the Mockingjay wouldn't have been distracted by the brutal death of her sister, so perhaps she would've made it into the palace. Who knows what that alternate reality would've looked like? I might as well ask 'what if Panem never existed?' I know that we don't value human life as highly as we should. None of us do, until it's too late and all that's left are regrets, pain and hate. Some things are always wrong and responding with the same only guarantees more of the same. Someone has to be the one to say 'no more'. It seems to me that General Hawthorne did all of that. He gave it the title 'Massacre of the Innocents' and he hosted the Reparations Board. Doing that, he likely prevented even more bloodshed, but a good turn can't undo a terrible one. The world is a complicated place and we don't value human life as highly as we should. Fifty-eight years have passed since that night and it still matters because we still don't value human life as highly as we should. Until we do, it doesn't matter because lives are still being ended before their right time. Leontine smiled. The kids who found the assignment toughest were usually the ones who came up with the most interesting sentiments. It wasn't long enough but she let that pass. She took a copy of Peeta's paper and sent it via the instant electronic Panemail service to the Head of Education in the Capitol, then took herself to bed. A response was waiting for her six hours later when she awoke. Thanks Leo. It'll