Everything in this story belong to Tolkien and his estate. Thanks for coming, and happy reading! … . A blond head rested into trembling hands. Hair stuck in every direction, torn free of its braids by frustrated hands running through them. His clothes were travel worn and stained, with mud and orc blood. He neglected the thought of changing into fresh clothes long ago. His thoughts were on a far more pressing matter than dirty clothes. His eyes were scrunched closed as he played the events over and over in his head, unable to stop. They had fought their way deeper and deeper towards Dol Guldur. Three were too injured to make it all the ways, and had to turn back home. But not her. Thank the Valar, not her. There was a reason his father had denied his request repeatedly whenever he asked to go. It was dangerous, far more dangerous than the woodland king had the heart to allow. There was a reason that he did not ask his father for permission this time. The King would be furious when he heard what his son and his patrol had done. But he needed to know what darkness lurked within the crumbling walls. Discussion and thought could only get one so far, he needed proof. He needed to know once and for all if it was the darkness they all feared. His father most of all. The Elvenking had put great effort to distance himself and his people from the rest of the world. Weary of all they had to offer. They meddled, poked and prodded at the troubles of the world until it burst. If there were no trouble in the world, they poked and prodded at one another. He had seen enough careless bloodshed. Yet, the darkness still landed on his doorstep. It was a true injustice. The air felt heavy as they approached, like they were standing on the bottom of a deep lake. A deep and unshakeable feeling of wrongness rattled around their bodies and stole their breath. The sounds of clumsy orcs and clicking spiders could still be heard farther ahead, but around them there was silence from the forest. The forest itself had lost all of its voice, and was void of any life except for the elves and the dark ones. The tree's did not sing to one another, they did not greet their elven visitors, and they did not reach for the sun any longer. He had run his hands over the bark of one tree, but instead of feeling the spark and warmth of a soul he felt cold. Just cold. He did not touch any tree's after that. The others around him seemed just a deeply shaken as he felt, although he hoped it did not show. He was their captain, and a captain should never show such emotions to those under him. When their wills wavered and terror struck, it was his job to be able to reassure them with a glance. You could not reassure anyone if you looked as shaken as the rest of them. He had not asked them to come, he never would have asked this of them. They had volunteered and then insisted on accompanying him. For the truth, and possibly their deaths. When they reached the final ridge, they stood in a cluster together, watchful and wary of their surroundings. None of them ready for what they might see once they looked over the hill and into the old halls. There would be no forgetting this information. No forgetting what might happen. He had taken a moment to look at his companions, once strangers now family. A hand slipped into his, gripping so tightly it nearly hurt. Yet, warmth sparked in his body again. He looked to his left where she stood solidly beside him. Her green eyes met his blue, and he saw his own fear reflected in her eyes. He had not asked her to come, but was thankful she had. Every obstacle, hurt and accomplishment in his life she had been by his side for. His longest and dearest friend. The love he felt for her nearly burst his heart and failed his words. A love like this was capable of great joy, or unbearable pain. They had approached the top of the ridge as one, forming a creature with far too many legs and arms. Together they gazed upon the fallen city, watching as Orcs, Spiders and Wargs swarmed around the halls and on walls like ants. Terrifying, hateful ants. He could feel a piercing gaze fall upon him, raising every hair on his body with terror. He longed to run away, far away into the tree's. Where they still sang their songs and recognized their beloved elves, where the air was not heavy with pollution, and the sun could still peak through the leaves. They had captured His attention. Yet he did not leave. Or could not. Somebody fell to their knees, but he did not look to see who it was. Two others were quick to pull him back to his feet, even though their knees probably trembled while they did it. Next to him, she managed to grip his hand just a little bit tighter. He squeezed back just as desperately. All his childhood he head heard tales by those unfortunate enough to be called to the first battle against this dark force. When stories weren't enough, he had found scrolls and books on the time before the battle. He thought it would prepare him for when it was his turn to fight, when the time came. Nothing could have prepared him for this. The air grew heavier around them, pressing down on their shoulders and muffling everything but his own heartbeat in his ears. It felt as if somehow it managed to muffle everything within him, he felt as cold and as empty as the tree he had touched earlier. There was no spark of hopefulness and all happy memories evaporated from his thought, such things could not survive around Him. It had to be Him. They knew the ring had not been destroyed, his father was certain that He would come back for it. The King cursed the race of men and their failures, he cursed the race of elves and their indifference, he cursed the ring and everything to do with it. Sometimes he even cursed the Valar. The world came crashing back around him when she tugged harshly on his arm. The sounds came back in a rush, his ears finally allowing him to hear the sounds of orcs crashing through the tree's towards them. Another harsh tug, "We have to go." She was right, they had to go. They had gotten the answer they had come to find, standing there any longer would do them no good. Only harm. As one, the turned to flee back the way they had come. They slipped and slid down the ridge, their movements were still silent, but clumsy with their panic. Covered in mud and leaves they reached the bottom and took off running as fast as their legs could carry them. Behind them, the battle cry of orcs and angry spiders could be heard racing towards them as they ran. Elves are fast, but giant spiders with eight legs are faster. They started dropping from the tree's around them, pinchers reaching desperately for a taste of their flesh. Blades were brought out of their sheaths, viciously cutting into any spider that got too close. Never before had the elves been so thankful for seemingly endless hours of training they had endured. Rain, shine, or snow they had trained. They had done drills over and over again until they were covered in bruises and their muscles could barely hold them, and then they did some more. They had knocked, aimed and released arrows until their fingertips bled and they could hit the bullseye of any target set before them. They had run until their lungs almost burst and they were sick to their stomachs. The voice of their weapons master had bled into their brains, and even now as they ran through the woods they could hear his voice in their heads telling them to pick up their knees. To look around them more, have keener ears, take less time to aim. Even as more spiders intercepted them, and the orcs began frantically shooting arrows, they did not slow their pace. To slow their pace would be to go to Mandos' halls. Their only chance was if they reached the river before they were overrun, where they had stashed large pieces of bark to serve as rafts earlier. The current was fierce and strong enough to swiftly whisk them away. When they could they dover over or under the spiders, and dodged through tree's and weaved back and forth away from them. The spiders rained down, and the Elves ran. Two had fallen on the way back, one with an arrow sticking from their back, the other twitching frantically as spider venom flowed through his veins. Not her. Thank the Valar not her. The others had gone back for them. They shouldn't have, but they did. All the others had fought the creatures back, while two went to retrieve the fallen. Praying for life. They should not have been able to make it to the rafts, all the logic suggested otherwise. There were too many spiders, too many orcs, too much hatred for this small but stubborn band of elves. They should have fallen, they should have died far away from their homes at the mercy of Him and those that followed him. But they made it. She made it, thank the Valar she made it. They piled onto their five makeshift rafts, quickly and with alarming speed. Before the spiders could all reach the shore of the river, they had cut the ropes and rushed away. The creatures rushed after them, but the river too fast and the terrain too rough. Using the long branches they had left with the rafts the elves effectively weaved around the rapids and rocks. This was their forest, even the darkness could not keep the from knowing every inch of it. The king had been furious when they finally returned, but even he could not keep his ire when they told him the news. He could almost watch every memory the king had of the Last Alliance in his eyes, before he closed them in silent defeat. Frustrated hands raked through his hair once more, pulling more strands from the braids. What would they do? What could they do? This was their home, their beloved forest. It was apart of every soul that lived within it and the only place on Arda they could ever truly belong. Where else could they go, if not here. Even if they had someplace else to go, were they supposed to abandon this evil to grow as it wished? Give it room and privacy to entrench its evil so deeply into the earth it could never be removed? The world did not need another Mordor, if two places such as that existed they would never stand a chance to destroy Him when the time came. The darkness He spread seemed so strong, and their light so weak. How could they possible hope to hold back His permanent night at bay? Who would they be if they did not try? But these were his people, his friends, his family. How many of the world be left, at the end of it all. If any of them. Was he destined to lose his father the same way his father had lost his own? Would he lose her as well? He hoped the Valar would not take her from him. He still saw the effects of his mother's death had on his father. The pain he still felt, the loneliness he endured. Even