It had been several centuries since Thranduil had come to this particular glade to the east of his stronghold, and the last time had been a much happier occasion. He had takin Legolas and his friends to a nearby pond for a swim, in an effort to cool them from the sweltering summer heat. That day had been nothing but laughter, and joy. Today it was nothing but grim and angry. Even from the distance that was left to reach the glade Thranduil could see the small amount of fortification that had been built around it, solid wooden beams had been driven into the ground all around it an makeshift wall. A few fires danced in their pits, casting harsh lights against the side of the few tents that had been erected and over the few elves that strode around the glade with large, purposeful strides. The Woodland King felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end, doubtless in reaction to having weapons drawn on him even before the strong, confident voice rained down from above them. Probably from high up on a tree branch. "Halt! Identify yourselves!" Thranduil withheld a snort as he recognized the voice as one of the younger, less experienced archers under his command. One, he was fairly certain was probably trembling in his boots this very second at the prospect that those he was interrupting weren't his people. On the horse next to him Ferdan huffed and rolled his eyes skywards in a gesture of general exasperation. "For Valar sake Arendale, put the bow away before you accidentally shoot the King" "The King?" The formerly confident voice squeaked, quickly followed by a thumping noise as the young elf dropped from the tree's. Landing neatly next to his former instructors horse. From whom he promptly received a less than light slap upside the head, "You forgot to ask for the password" Ferdan snarled, kicking his horse back into motion before the stunned youth could utter a word. Thranduil spared him a small look of sympathy before kicking his own mount forwards and toward the hastily erected wooden walls. The other centuries must have already sent word forward to the camp, for as they drew nearer the gates were pushed aside to allow their small troop of horses to pass through him undisturbed. Immediately there was a shadowy presence to Thranduils right, seemingly appearing out of thin air. The elf dark hair had been braided back from his face carefully, he stood tall and proud and impressively armed. But Thranduil didn't miss the awkward bulge located around his right shoulder, probably due to heavy bandages underneath the cloth of his shirt. "My Lord" The elf greeted with a dip of his head and chest in a formal gesture, though he hand known the king literally all of his life and had been around him more than many. A side effect to being one of the Prince's closest companions. "Tzipora" Thranduil grinned in, pulling the younger elf in for a relieved hug. Which the other elf reciprocated fiercely, clinging momentarily to the King before stepping back once more. "When we asked for reinforcements, we were quite expecting, well, this" Tzipora gestured lazily to the King and the rest of his troop at least half composed of older, retired, elves that had taken to advising their King. Thranduil winced, "Yes, well. With the Orcs attacking so relentlessly on almost all of our borders, this" he gestured to those that had come to him in an imitation of Tzipora, "Is all we have left" "I wouldn't consider the king and his personal advisors and protects to be 'all that is left.' But you are the King, so I digress" The words were as energetic and eager as they always were, but his eyes were dull with exhaustion after nearly three months of constant battle. And the Kings heart clenched in sympathy as if he had been his own son standing before him. Thranduil clapped his companion on the shoulder and squeezed reassuringly, "Not much longer, soon you will be able to rest. Could you take me to speak with Cirdan?" "I could, but I'm afraid he wouldn't be much help to you. He was struck with a poisoned blade several weeks past. He's stable and with the healers, but he only fades in and out of awareness." Thranduil gave a curt nod, and followed the dark haired elf as he began walking calmly away from the horses "But I'll take you to our new and acting commander" "Good, good" Mentally Thranduil tried to figure out exactly who was supposed to be second in command for Cirdan, but his second in command was on a north border. Leading his own battle currently, and for the life of him he couldn't remember who was third in command. "Who is the new commander? I seem to have forgotten" "You'll see for yourself, in a few moments Sire" Called over his shoulder as he continued to lead the king through the camp, completely ignoring the glare now aimed directly between his shoulder blades. Around him the camp continued though its lazy, midnight routine. Fires were fed and stew was stirred, doubtless for when the various warriors woke from where they had stumbled somewhere quiet and promptly fell asleep. It might have alarmed him, if he had not seen the same several other times before this. With so much fighting and so little time for rest, when the opportunity presented itself it wasn't squandered. And soldiers under hard circumstances seemed to developed and almost supernatural ability to fall comfortably asleep anywhere. There exhaustion making it easy for them to simply lay down anywhere, and rest. By the reports the few reports that had been sent back it was a wonder there was anybody awake in the camp at all. Much less feeding fires and stirring stew. "Here we are" Tzipora called, striding headlong into a small tent in front of them, holding the flap open for Thranduil to follow him through. And stop promptly in his tracks. Speaking softly to an scout dressed in dark clothes and smelling of freshly disturbed leaves, was the commander. And his son. Legolas' hair had been braided away from his face in its usually fashion, but where there was usually an easy smile on his face held only a frown, his eyebrows crinkling together above his eyes as he listened intently to whatever the scout was reporting. Thranduil could sense Tzipora's smirk more than he could see it, clearly enjoying seeing the king as surprised as he was. But it was hard not to be, while his son may be over a thousand years old it wasn't an uncommon piece of information that Thranduil had a bit of trouble letting him go. And he still often saw him as his precious little leaf, his only son, rather than the strong and deadly warrior that he become. But now, with his confidant stance and calculating eyes it was hard to disputed. He looked more like a prince than he ever had, doubtlessly terrified but showing nothing but calm and collected thoughts and logic. He even wore the silver circle on his head, probably more for the moral of his people rather than because he wanted too. He hated the wretched thing, but anything to help his people. "Send another runner to Ava, tell her to hold ravine for as long as she can. But avoid all the casualties that she can, keep her people at a safe distance, don't leave the tree's. Don't engage them in open field." It was an effort to keep his mouth from dropping open in shock, and had Tzipora not been standing there assessing his reaction it might have already been resting on his toes. But he sounded so much his father, Oropher that it was alarming. "Try to observe all that she can of them, we need to know what we're up against. Tell her to blow her horn upon her retreat, to give us a warning to prepare; keep to the tree's. We can't have any more Wargs carrying our people off. Oh, and tell her to send all of her wounded back, slightly or gravely. When she retreats I have a feeling it'll need to be swift or not at all" The scout absorbed all of the information eagerly, eyes wide and mouth working silently repeating the words to himself. Once his Prince was finished speaking, he clapped a hand over his hear and bowed his head, "It will be done. And swiftly" "Good, Thank you. See the runner off as swiftly as you can, and then eat some stew and get some rest." The sharp commanding tone that had reminded Thranduil so much of his father faded away with his son's last words, returning to his own kind and concerned tone that the King was more accustomed too. The scout scrambled from the tent as if the very fires of Mordor were lit beneath his hind quarters, barley noticing the King enough to give him a respectful acknowledgment. Legolas sighed, and leaned against the table behind him rubbing a hand over his tired eyes, and mumbled "What is it, Tz? Please tell me its good news, I don't think I can think over another crisis" "Good news! You're father finally sent those reinforcements everyone's been moaning about" That seemed to perk the sullen Prince up a tad and he finally removed the hand from his eyes "Oh?" His eyes snapped over to where Thrandul still stood by the doorway with Tzipora. His eyes bugged out of his head slightly, and his eyes brows nearly crawled directly vertical to join his hairline, "Ada! What are you doing here?" "Your father is the reinforcements, its seems." Tzipora supplied helpfully, crunching into an apple that seemed to appear from thin air. "But, you're the King!" Legolas spluttered "And you are the Prince" "Yes, but you are far more important than I! Ada, you should have stayed far away from here" The young prince scowled at his father, and judging by the firmness in his tone the king was fairly certain he had just been scolded by his son. Thranduil let out a rather loud bark of laughter. Kids, it seemed, never stopped being a source of irrational entertainment. His son's frowned deepened, he clearly didn't appreciate being laughed at, and Thranduil schooled him emotion into check once more. Clearing his throat of any reaming chuckles that lurked there, "Sorry, my son. I was just struck with an amusing thought, that is all" Legolas continued to eye him suspiciously for a moment longer, before he sighed and rolled his eyes in a near perfect imitation of Ferdan. He sighed, and his scowl eased, "Its is good to see you again, Ada. It has been to long since the last time we have seen each other" Not caring if it were proper for a King to embrace the commander of a battler, Thranduil crossed the short distance between him and his son and hugged him in a similar fashion as he had with Tzipora only a few minutes past. "It would appear you've been a tad busy" "Just a little" The prince shrugged, offering his father a sly smile. "You should be glad you arrived when you did, this one of the few moments of piece we've had in the last few days. The orcs may not be as organized as us, but by the Valar are they stubborn" Thranduil nodded grimly, "Indeed they are. It's a pity, that they've chosen here to attack of all places. I have such fond memories of this glade" "As do I" Tzipora agreed, sharing a small grin with the Prince "That was an excellent day, Galion was in a fit by the time we made it back that night" Legolas snorted, "I remember that. He was livid that Ada had insisted on leaving the guard