Chapter 1 I'm sitting in my AP Art studio class, trying to turn the empty canvas into a masterpiece with just my eyes. No such luck. I've always been pretty good with the assignments our Art teacher – Ms. Laney- assigned, but this one has stumped me for the last week. And it's due next Monday. It's probably considered the easiest assignment by the other students in this class, but I guess naturally I'm never in the norm. The assignment was simple: Create your home and all the aspects that make it feel that way. I tried to just paint my house – after all, I live there – but just looking at the sketch made me think it looked anything but my home. Even Ms. Laney admitted it didn't give the vibe of the word home. So what was I to do? If my own house didn't feel like home, then what did? Just thinking about it made my head hurt. Dammit. Luckily for me, the sound of the bell signaled the end of class, and with a sigh of relief I bolted out the door. I stop at my locker just to grab my backpack, when I hear a hearty laugh. "Nice shirt, Bella. I think I have a similar one I wore in the fourth grade." I turn and see Tori Reyes, with her bitch friends Tanya and Rosalie right beside her. "Go fuck yourself, Tori, since every guy here has already taken a turn." As rude as that sounds, it's probably true. Tanya cracks a smile while Rosalie looks shocked. Tina flushes a bright tomato red. "You bitch!" But I'm already down the hall by now, already bored with the conversation. Sure, I get teased around school, but to be honest, everyone here has a fucking issue, and unlike me, it's not just money troubles. Regardless, I honestly don't give two shits what anyone in this town thinks of me. Just one more year, and I'll be gone – preferably out of this state—and I'll never have to see anyone of these people ever again. That's my goal. One that seems very impossible. Schools - especially out of state schools - are much more expensive than in-state schools. I doubt I will be able to afford it. I'll probably have to go to Peninsula Community College, which is so cheap I could save a ton of money. But it's here. Financial Aid and Scholarships just isn't enough sometimes. Oh well. I'm thinking all of this as I park the car by the curb to our two bedroom house. It wasn't much, but with just a manager's position salary at the town's Jewel, we couldn't afford anything else. My part-time job paid for groceries and the water bill. When my parents took off, Jenny literally sacrificed so much to provide for me all these years. I know it pains her – all those field trips they offer at school to go to Europe that I couldn't afford to go to – to see how tight money is, but I've assured her that it wasn't a big deal. It really wasn't. I'm healthy, have a roof over my head, food in my stomach, and have the warmth and comfort of a home. What else could I possibly need? My sister however, doesn't see it that way. I never minded being alone – it's peaceful, and you can get so much done on your own. Stepping out of my car, I grabbed the mail on the way to the entrance. As I stepped in to the house, I quickly flipped through the mail. Bills, a fashion magazine my sister always reads, and a Wal-Mart magazine. "No love letters today," I giggle to myself. I'm a bit of a pessimist, thinking true love and love at first sight is just a fable that only gives Hollywood millions. Love may be out there, but it just can't be found within minutes. If only I could find a Colonel Brandon who's my age… Nah. Did I mention my favorite book is Sense and Sensibility? I place the mail on the counter, finding a note. Bella, Sorry to leave you on your own tonight –one of my other co-workers called in sick. There are some leftovers in the fridge from last night's dinner. I'll be home at 10:30. -Jenny "Ugh. She forgets that last night's leftovers were full of meat," I groan to myself. Shrugging it off, I begin my Friday evening by doing some homework and laundry. Once I was finished, I sat at our small dining room table, looking around. "Well….I guess I could watch some TV," I murmur to myself. I must have fallen asleep on the couch, because before I know it I'm shaken awake. Startled, I try to retaliate, but in my drowsy state I realize it's only Jenny. Jenny, who's dressed like she went to meet the Queen of England, not rude customers trying to hand her a coupon. "Jenny," I begin slowly. "Why are you dressed like Duchess Catherine?" She fiddles with the hem of her navy-blue dress nervously. "Okay, I'm sorry I lied, but…I didn't go to work tonight." I roll my eyes. "Well duh. So, what did you do?" I went on a…well…" "On a what?" "…on a date." "You went on a date? " "Oh come on, Bella. You didn't expect me to be a spinster now did you?" "Well no, but since when do you get asked out?" That so did not come out right. I cringed internally. She glares at me. "Are you implying that I'm ugly?" I raise my arms up in surrender. "No, but…oh, never mind. So who asked you out?" She does this little dance and plops herself on the couch next to me. "Okay, his name is David Hale. He just moved from Chicago to be closer to his family. We met when I had to be his cashier at the Jewel when Cassie called in sick. Oh Bell, he's the sweetest man I've ever met. He's going to be the new Deputy here in Forks starting next week." I nod. "He sounds…peachy." A cop though…seriously? And then something clicks. "David Hale?" Oh please, if there is a higher power out there, please don't— "Yes! And he told me that he has a younger sister who goes to school with you! He said her name is Rosalie, and they're both coming over for dinner tomorrow, and I expect you to be polite." God damn it. Two years ago we didn't have health insurance, and the medical card didn't cover the removal of my wisdom teeth. So, instead of going to the dentist, I went into the bathroom and removed them with some pliers. That would be more entertaining than this dinner I would have to attend. "Jenny, I love you—In fact, you are probably the only thing in this universe that I actually love, so can you please, please, please let me off the hook?" "Bella, he wants to meet you! And so does Rosalie. And you will be on your best behavior, correct?" I immediately stiffen. "Watch it, Jen. Last I remember, you're my sister, not my mother. And fine, I won't be rude. Why does Rosalie want to see me anyway? I see her enough at school." Unfortunately, I added in my head. Rosalie Hale was the bane of my existence. She was the second-in-command to Tanya Wilson, the Head Bitch at our school. At least Tanya tells you out right if she doesn't like you. I admire her honesty. She'll tell you privately you're scum, and never speak to you again. Rosalie however, pretends to be the nicest girl in the world, and then talk shit about you to her followers the next day. Her and Tori are quite the pair. I recall last year when she kept on begging me to join the student council and French Club. I just ignored her ramblings until she'd walk away. And Tori, well, what else is there to explain but that she's a bitch? I'm not one to judge people before I get to know them- but I see what happens around me with clear eyes. I'd always had perfect vision. This reminds me… "Wait, my birthday is tomorrow, and you want strangers to celebrate it with me? I could give a rat's ass about the day of my birth, but if it got me out of this situation, I'd gladly celebrate it this year." "You hate your birthday Bella!" Jenny insists. "And what's the big deal? They're just coming over for dinner, not throwing you a birthday bash." I got up, because honestly? I just don't give a shit anymore. "Whatever. I'll be there." I started towards my room. "Dinner is at 7 tomorrow!" "Whatever!" I call back. Externally I'm cool and poised. Internally I want to wrestle a bull. Some birthday I'll have. /-/-/-/-/-/-/ Today is the day I became seventeen years old. So far, it's been a great day. I got Jenny's amazing blueberry pancakes for breakfast, and a new laptop. I was torn between being very excited and feeling guilty. Laptops aren't cheap, but she merely shrugged and said it wasn't a big deal. Yeah, okay. I have no idea why I have to dress up. My sister basically threatened me with my life if I didn't wear the brand new dress she just bought me for ninety bucks. I nearly passed out when she told me the price. Who the heck pays ninety bucks for a sundress? Unbelievable. There are so many things I could have bought with ninety dollars. Ninety dollars! Bah. I thought about cutting my hair while I brushed it; it was pushing waist-length, and such a pain to maintain, but I know the second I cut it I will instantly miss it. I pushed my bangs to the side, and stared at my finished look in the mirror. Dressed appropriately or not, I will always stand out. Everywhere I go that's new, people stop and stare. I bet David's going to shit a brick. I think it's a curse, while Jenny thinks it's amazing- having two different eye colors. I was born that way, the Doctors said. It was hereditary? I really don't know. They're baffled, because I have perfect vision and very healthy eyes. My left eye was a light brown, and my right was a sapphire blue. Apparently I look intimidating. The weird thing? My sister and I don't look anything alike. She has grey eyes and blond hair, while I have brown hair and the two-color eye problem. People used to ask if I was adopted. When I was little, I used to ponder it too. I don't remember much of my parents. I don't have any photos either. They're faces are blurred when I think about them. I never was one to enjoy the attention I was constantly given as a child. I hate how teachers always push their students to stand out and make a difference. What if I didn't want to stand out? I preferred to stay in the shadows, and living a mediocre life doesn't seem that awful. "Bella! Come downstairs! They're here! I merely sigh as I place the hairbrush on the dresser. Time to go face the firing squad. -/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/-/ I'm sitting at the small dining room table, feeling completely baffled. Dinner was…nice. David turned out to be a really nice guy, and I could see the appeal my sister was going on and on about. With his dark hair, blue eyes, and charm, I hate to admit it but he had my approval. Rosalie seemed to be on her best behavior, even striking up a decent conversation with me. While the dinner overall was a success, I couldn't help but feel there was something…odd about Rosalie's behavior. The Rosalie I know and hate was chirpy, bubbly, and could talk a thousand words a second, but this Rosalie