Of Love and Marriage in the Black Family It was a bleak day at Hogwarts for one Sirius Black, a bleak day indeed. Yes, his first year exams were over, and yes, he and his friends had pranking the panties off of Lily Evans and slimy Severus Snape all day now, but Sirius couldn't find it in himself to be happy. He put on his big toothy grin and kept up the appearance of happiness, but none of it was real. No, who would be happy in the knowledge that they would have to return to Twelve Grimmauld Place within twenty-four hours? Sirius had perfected the art of putting up appearances, never letting his family know the extent of his aversion to the Dark Arts and letting them believe it to be a "phase." Only he, his best of friends, and his cousin Andromeda - known simply as Andy to him - knew the extent of his hatred of his family's ways. Sirius was headed toward the kitchens to kill two birds with one stone. The first proverbial bird was to obtain as many snacks as his arms could carry to fuel the procrastination-induced packing frenzy his friends had created in their first-year boys' dormitory. The second was to meet his favorite cousin. Despite having been sorted into Slytherin house, Andy was the nicest person in his family. Sirius couldn't remember the number of times that his other cousins had bullied him while visiting his home. Andy understood him, and they frequently met in the kitchens to catch up and chat. He simply had to make sure she would be spending the summer with him at Grimmauld Place, as she and her sisters had been for the past three years. Making his way through the halls under James's cloak, Sirius had the oddest feeling that something was not right as he got closer to the painting. He pushed this feeling aside, even when the door to the kitchens opened with no tickling of the pear on his part. The hustle and bustle of the elves inside helped distract him further as Sirius admired the mountains of pancakes already being prepared for the going-away breakfast. When Sirius entered the kitchens, he was unsurprised to see that Andy had beaten him there. She was no Hufflepuff but the dungeons were much closer than the Gryffindor tower. What did surprise him was the fact that she was not alone. Turning her head, Andy gave her killer smile as she noticed him enter and nudged the man beside her. "Siri!" she called out, showing more emotion than any Black that Sirius had seen. Andy rushed toward the door, pulling the man with her. Sirius thought he was rather plain looking, but didn't voice the thought. He knew better than to anger his cousin. However, that didn't stop him from sizing up the guy who was obviously awfully close to his favorite cousin. His upbringing told him that the man was nothing special, and was definitely not descended from any of the "noble and ancient houses." This thought irritated Sirius, though not because that meant the man wasn't pureblood, but because he even still noticed at all. In Sirius's mind, it should've come second to the clean yellow tie that indicated the man was in Hufflepuff house. Or to the prefect badge which indicated they could certainly get in trouble for being out so far after curfew. Walking to meet his cousin, Sirius extended his arms and met her in the middle of the large kitchen for a hug. As their hug ended, Sirius tried to playfully learn who Andy had brought, and why. "Who's this guy, Andy? You never talk about guys, much less bring them to the kitchen," laughed Sirius. He then turned his glinting eyes on the man who took his cousin's hand as soon as their hug was released. Andy returned his laughter. "Well Siri, I doubt many girls tell their guy gossip to their far younger, not to mention boy cousin, now do they?" Andy teased, "I'm also sure you've had more than one run-in with Teddy here in all of your pranking escapades. I know for a fact that Ted's let you off the hook once or twice." "He also wrote me up twice I think... and that doesn't mean I caught his name…" Sirius grumbled sulkily before fixing the guy with a pointed look. He then asked, with all the finesse of a twelve-year-old, "Why are you here with my cousin? Do you like her or something?" Ted and Andy chuckled a Sirius's inquiries, to which he grumbled some more. "Sirius, I plan to marry your favorite cousin. I hope that's alright with you." Sirius turned to face Andy. "Do you love him?" he asked simply. Andy and Teddy bent together to meet Sirius's gaze. Teddy - his cousin's fiance apparently. "Very much, Siri, and I want you there when I walk down the aisle with him," she replied. Looking back and forth between the two older students, Sirius furrowed his eyebrows in thought. Andy looked at Teddy with concern but he waved it off with a calm smile. Sirius noticed this. His pranking led others to underestimate him, but it actually made him much more observant than the average first year. Sirius looked at their joined hands, at the small ring he should have noticed right off on the designated finger, and then looked at the ground. "Andy, he's not one of the guys my mother has been parading past you, Trix, and Cissy for the past three years… tell me I'm wrong… tell me my mother is okay with this…" Sirius said slowly, almost pleading with her, "tell me you're still going to be there with me at home this summer…" "Siri," Andy said, nudging his face with her free hand so he was looking at her, "nobody else knows yet. Only you because I know I can trust you. We don't want to make a fuss, and I still plan to spend a few weeks with you and our family until we get enough set aside to hold a small wedding and be on our own." "He's muggle-born, isn't he?" Sirius asked. Andy nodded her head. Ted squeezed her hand, offering his support as her most beloved cousin grappled with the reality. Tears started to drip down Sirius's cheeks. "Mother will disown you when she finds out… and Bellatrix and Narcissa will make your life a living hell..." "That won't happen until we want it to. By that point, I'll have put enough aside to get us started that there won't be anything for dear Auntie Walburga to do but blast me off that damned tree," Andy said defiantly. Sirius pointed to the ring on her left ring finger, raising an eyebrow and cracking a smile. Ted laughed at the obvious giveaway, as well as the stunned look on Andy's face as the implication occurred to her. After a moment, Andy joined in, followed quickly by Sirius as the three laughed themselves hoarse. "I guess I'm not that great with secrets," Andy got out between bursts of laughter, increasing their mirth until a few house elves stopped to stare. As they calmed down, Sirius gave the couple a serious look. "I want to be there, and my mother certainly won't allow it if she knows, so you keep this locked up tight Andy. You deserve to be happy," he said. Andy was moved to happy tears as she again embraced her cousin. "You have our word," Ted said simply, standing to his full height with a hand on his fiancée's shoulder. He then gave a Cheshire grin. "Now, I do believe it's after curfew. Exams may be over but the train leaves after breakfast. You'd better get these snacks to your boys or they'll never be packed in time." Sirius gave into another quick burst of laughter, as Andy let him go and retrieved a sack of food she'd had the elves prepare. "I love you, Andy," he said, taking the sack from her. Andy kissed the top of his head in reply and gave him a push toward the door. "Love you too, lion cub. Now get your furry butt to bed!" she teased. Everyone's heart was light as they felt happy despite two of them anticipating return to Grimmauld Place. Somehow, the future Marauders managed to get all of their things packed, eat all of the goodies that Sirius brought, get a few winks of sleep, and still make it to breakfast the next morning! Sirius's lightened mood from the prior night stuck around and he caught Andy's eye across the hall with a big smile on his face. She grinned back, only to look up and have it fall as the morning post flew in. The post that morning consisted of a few issues of the Daily Prophet, and one majestic, black screech owl, which was clutching a slightly smoldering red envelope. Not many people would be sending post to their kids the day they're set to return home, but Sirius would know that screech owl anywhere and he paled considerably. "Sirius?" James implored, "You look ill. Are you alright?" Sirius shook his head, still staring across the hall as tears began to streak down Andy's face. His attention then shifted to his other cousin, fifth-year Narcissa, as her face became unreadable. Then the letter exploded into the animated lips of Walburga Black, matriarch of the Black family. The packed room fell silent. "ANDROMEDA CASSIOPEIA BLACK! HOW DARE YOU DISHONOR YOUR FAMILY! OUR FAMILY! THE BLOOD OF OUR ANCESTORS! WITH THE BLACK NAME COMES HONOR AND PURITY AND YOU ARE BESMIRCHING THAT IN YOUR CONSORTMENT WITH A WRETCHED MUDBLOOD! TO THINK THAT I TOOK YOU IN LIKE A DAUGHTER, PRESENTED YOU AS A LADY TO COUNTLESS YOUNG LORDS! YOU ARE NOT THE WOMAN DEAR DRULLA RAISED! SHE HAS BEEN SHELL-SHOCKED EVER SINCE RECEIVING THE NEWS! YOUR BEHAVIOR IS DISGRACEFUL! ANDROMEDA CASSIOPEIA, YOU ARE NO LONGER A WITCH OF THE BLACK FAMILY! TAKE YOUR MUDBLOOD AND DO NOT RETURN TO OUR MOST NOBLE AND ANCIENT HOUSE OF BLACK!" As the last words rang out all eyes were on one of the three Blacks in the room. Those peering at Sirius, including the marauders and many of their first year classmates, could see a face of utter despair. The secret was out and his mother would ensure he had little to no contact with his beloved cousin. Ted rushed to the second Black to calm her, or hold her back as Andy looked to the world like she would rip apart the person on whom her gaze fell… the third present Black. Narcissa looked passively at her sister, already having accepted the banishment in stride. "You followed me last night," whispered Andromeda. She could be heard even across the hall at the Gryffindor table, so quiet was the hall. Narcissa merely shrugged. "I've noticed you sneaking around for ages, Andy," Narccissa stated haughtily. "It's not like I could keep it from Mother and Auntie when I finally found the identity of your mystery man." "You knew what would happen, Cissy. As soon as they found out… no second chances…" Andy replied, slightly louder. Narcissa shook her head. "You're the one who chose this, Andy. Auntie has been introducing us to worthy men for years and years and yet you barely bat your eye. Marriage should bring honor to the family name, not shame," Narcissa said. "Auntie laid it out for you. You are no longer family." She then stood and turned her back on her sister, making her way toward the large doors of the Great Hall. "Some of us don't wish to become a possession of their betrothed, Narcissa. That is all you will ever be to a husband of a so-called noble house!" Andy said. Her volume was normal, but it was as though she were shouting. The only indication that Narcissa