It started a year after her games, when any sort of novelty and disgust at being at The Capitol had dissolved into a discomfort. At one of those dumb Galas the Snow keeps putting on in order to keep tabs on us. She stood on the sidelines watching the others dance; she couldn't help but watch Finnick glide his latest assignment across the dance floor. "Oh no," A voice said behind her. "What?" She turned to see Haymitch, drink in hand. He was the first and only friend she had made since winning the games. "I know that look; it's not going to happen." She pointedly ignored him. She was an 18 year old girl, her having a crush on an unattainable guy was the only thing remotely normal in her life. As far as she was concerned, Haymitch should be encouraging her. "You see the red head over there?" He pointed his glass to the other side of the room, where a girl stood in a sea-green dress swaying back and forth absentmindedly to the music. "That's Annie." Johanna said, she's met her a few times. She was nice, a basket case, but nice. She met Haymitch's eyes and frowned. "Her?" "So it looks like you've got yourself some competition." He winked and walked away, probably to refill his glass. She huffed and followed him to the bar, she walked quickly not exactly looking where she was going. She didn't know whether it was the high heeled shoes or floor length dress but with one step left between her and the bar she tripped grabbing whatever was in front of her. What she grabbed wasn't the bar but Finnick Odair. Both of them hit the floor and Johanna knocked her head against the oak bar. He got up to a sitting position holding his head. "Are you ok?" he asked "Yeah, I'm fine." She caught his eyes full of concern, but looked behind him to see that everyone had turned to stare at them. Finnick turned around and saw them too. He got up and offered her a hand which she denied. She got up on her own but quickly grabbed his shoulder again as her head spun. "I'm going to take you home." He said, the crowd going back to their previous occupations. She opened her mouth to protest but decided home was exactly where she wanted to go. So she nodded and followed him out of the room. Not before catching Haymitch winking at her. Once outside she had to jog a little in her heels to keep up with his long strides. "I thought you had some job to do." He turned around and gave her one of his characteristic grins. "My job tonight was to mingle, which I did." He turned his head back around to let her know that was all to be said on the subject. "This isn't fair, I didn't even do anything fun to deserve this." She said to herself more than to him, but Finnick still heard her and laughed a little. She entered her room after the tribute parade and tossed her discarded costume in the fireplace across from her bed. The flames were synthetic and didn't produce heat so the clothing wouldn't burn but it made her feel a better to watch the flames lick the fabric. She laughed to herself "Whose the girl on fire now?" She turned around and what happiness she felt evaporated when she saw a little white folded bit of paper on her pillow. I guess Snow wanted his money's worth while he still had her. Johanna opened the envelope and sat on her bed and her worries left her as quickly as they came. Meet me. She smiled and went to the closet to put on some more comfortable clothes before leaving her apartment. "Where do you think you are going?" asked her chaperone, Claudia. To Johanna Claudia looked like a tiny little toothpick with a pile of curling orange hair. Everyone in the Capitol was trying to achieve the Effie Trinket look after last year's games. Johanna allowed a smirk to grace her features at the image. "I'm going out." She pushed the buttons of the elevator with a little more force than necessary and the doors closed before she could hear any of Claudia's protests. She got up to the roof and allowed herself to be taken aback at the beauty the Capitol could achieve at night before walking around the entrance to the roof to the other side. There she saw most of the other tributes, minus the careers. She took the empty seat next to Finnick on an abandoned storage container and looked over the faces in the room. Blight, Seeder, Chaff, Beetee, Wiress, among others that Johanna didn't know well. Seated in the center of their little half circle like a king presiding over a court was Haymitch. She wasn't surprised by this. It was normal for the victors to come up here like this for what usually ended up being a mock group therapy session yet it was who was sitting next to Haymitch that gave Johanna pause. "What is he doing here?" She pointed at Plutarch Heavensbee. "Calm down, Johanna he's on our side." Haymitch said, Johanna didn't even realize she was standing until she looked down and saw Finnick's hand on her wrist. She sat down. "Am I supposed to believe that the Head Gamemaker is on our side?" "Yes." Haymitch said simply in a tone that said he wasn't about to discuss the matter with her. "Now listen to what the man has to say." Heavensbee went on to talk about his plans for revolution, how district 13 was alive and well and they needed Katniss to be their symbol. "Listen to me, it is of the utmost importance that Katniss makes it out of that arena alive." "So what you're saying is that you want us to sacrifice ourselves to let her win?" Beetee interjected and there was a murmur discontent rumbling through the other victors, tributes now, Johanna corrected herself. "Isn't she the reason why we're in this mess?" Johanna said, ever since Katniss's rebellion in the games last year Johanna and the rest of the victors had their every move monitored and scrutinized. She knew she wasn't alone in thinking that this fabulous Quarter Quell twist had more to do with Katniss's actions than tradition. "I'm not asking you to let her win the games. I'm asking you to protect her until we secure the means to get as many of you out of the area as possible." Haymitch seemed to be the only one buying this plan, and of course he was the only one whose life wasn't on the line. "You are all valuable to this revolution I need as many of you as possible if we are going to win." "We're just not as important as her." Johanna muttered loud enough to know Heavensbee would hear her. "You're head gamemaker, if you want her out of there so badly why not just call off the games." She paused daring him to respond. "I mean if she's 'pregnant" Johanna put air quotes around the word "then it would make sense to at least let her go." "You're very perceptive." He said in a way that made her think he was storing that information away for later. "Yet you and I both know that this is a game of chess and I can't reveal my hand until all my pieces are in place." "I see so if this is a game of chess, I'm assuming we're the pawns, and Katniss is the queen. What does that make you?" Heavensbee relaxed into his seat giving her a silent touché. "Katniss did her best to help my niece, I shall return the favor." Chaff said putting his hand in the center. "I will help too." Seeder's hand joined Chaff's. One by one each of the tributes placed their hand in the middle. When Finnick went to move his hand Johanna didn't realize it was still holding onto her wrist until she felt its absence. Johanna looked around the little half circle at all the faces waiting for her to join them, but it was Haymitch's look of plea that finally made her say "Ok fine." And she placed her hand on top of the others. They dispersed quietly putting the various things they were sitting on back to their original position and back into the building. When Johanna reached the landing where the elevator stopped Finnick grabbed her arm to stop her from going back to her apartment. "What?" She asked him after they were alone. "You know what." He said giving her a daring look. Johanna scoffed "I wasn't going to not help." "It sure looked like it." "It's not like that. I'm just tired of people telling me what to do, what to fight for, and when to die." He nodded, he understood how she felt. Anyone in their situation would understand. "You're going to help protect her right?" "Yes," She said "To the death." Something about her words made it seem so final. He looked up at her like he wanted to say something else but shook his head and called for the elevator. She rolled her eyes and followed him. "He's never going to love you." The words echo in her head every time she saw that stupid grin on Finnick Odair's face. She knew it's never going to happen, he's so head over heels for that basket case Annie, She's a very nice girl but still a basket case. She tossed and turned in her bed on what could be the last night of her life. She pushed the covers back and tip-toe out of the apartment. She wasn't sure where she was planning on going but somehow she ended up at the door of the only person she felt she could talk to. Johanna pushed open the door quietly to see him sound asleep, curled into himself in the middle of the bed. She slipped into bed next to him and waited for him to wake up. This wasn't the first time they'd shared a bed. After living through the games, it was hard to sleep alone. Like all tributes, Finnick was a light sleeper. He rolled over to face her. "You ok?" he asked. "What do you think?" He shifted so she could curl up against him while he held her, she didn't need to talk and he didn't need her too. After a short while she felt his breathing slow as he fell back asleep. She shifted a look at his face, he really did resemble a Greek God with his strong features slightly softened by sleep. She took a deep breath a bent down towards him "He's never going to love you." Those words echoed in her head but she ignored them for once and pressed her lips softly against his. It didn't matter they'd both be dead soon anyways. She felt him wake against her as he slowly returned the kiss. She pulled away quickly and sat up on the bed. "Johanna" he sighed she turned around to see his pained expression. They stared at each other in the darkness neither really sure what to say. "I'm sorry." Johanna said not knowing what else to do. He sighed again, "You know I love you." "I know, just not like that." They never had this conversation yet they both knew where they stood with each other. It was one of the things she liked about him, she never needed to say a word. "It's not like that, it's just-" "Not like her." He nodded slowly, like he didn't want to admit it. She nodded in understanding, and pealed the covers off of her getting ready to leave. "I should go." She said looked at him waiting for him to protest. He nodded