CHAPTER ONE: Their Hands Annabeth I Annabeth cast a cautious glance towards the quest leader, Luke Castellan. He seemed edgy, and rightfully so. They were on a special plane, courtesy of the Hephaestus cabin. Making quick progress in the sky was nice. After fully expecting to be trekking across the country to get to their destination, it was a surprise to find they'd be flying. Truth be told, the Hephaestus kids had done a really good job. The plane was reasonably large, with a small living quarter each, a small sitting room and a cockpit. The bedrooms were tiny, as with the bathroom and everything else, but that made it all the more faster. Everything had to be lightweight, for the plane to soar properly. Quests were only meant for three people, normally, but this was a different circumstance this time. In this case, the more hands the better. There was Leo Valdez, a curly haired son of Hephaestus, brought along for his mechanic skills, and to make sure the plane ran smoothly. He was stationed at the controls right now. Another addition was Piper McLean, an Aphrodite girl with Cherokee descent. Her use for was negotiation. No doubt that would be important in their mission. Grover was a satyr, who sat shuddering nervously in the corner, crunching nervously on a plastic fork. He was needed for his tracking and wild skills. Luke was the quest leader. He was a dutiful son of Hermes, and the oldest demigod on the quest. Annabeth had been friends with him since she was seven years old, and she couldn't deny that sometimes she thought of him as something a little bit more. And she was Annabeth Chase. Wisdom's daughter, counsellor of the Athena cabin. The brains of the quest, Luke had said. Annabeth peered out the window, blinking at the wisps of clouds that floated past. They had to be high up, she couldn't make out any traces of land. They were probably flying high to avoid questions from mortals. Who knew if the Mist could cover up an airplane? Suddenly the plane rocked violently, and everyone was thrown to the side. "Sorry!" Leo called from the pilots seat. Annabeth could see his impish grin even from here. He didn't seem at all worried, something which Annabeth wasn't completely reassured about. She had learnt that the mechanics genius was a tad insane a while ago. "Just a bit of turbulence, is all," he yelled. "Although we might be running a little low on gas." Grover looked scared out of his wits, and Piper seemed to be appalled. "Leo!" "Sorry, sorry," Leo cast a nervous glance towards Luke. It was strange, but sometimes the two acted weird around each other. "It's just, we need to land, and.." Luke seemed to be lost in his own thoughts, his jaw taut and his eyes glazed. Immediately Annabeth knew what was happening. Resisting the urge to bite her lip, Annabeth took charge. "Just land at the nearest gas station, Valdez." Leo saluted mockingly. "Yes ma'am. This is your Captain speaking, we are coming in for a landing in approximately five minutes." ... Five minutes later and they were parked close to a gas station. For some reason, the mortals didn't seem to think it was strange that a plane flew in. Turns out the Mist covers even airplanes. Neat. Leo, Piper and Grover had gone to the store to get gas, and some drinks and things. Annabeth had volunteered her and Luke to stay behind on the plane. Annabeth curled up next to Luke. "You had another one, didn't you? Another vision?" Luke's jaw tightened again, and Annabeth could tell he was stressed. "Yeah," he admitted. "I saw these..." He frowned, as if it was difficult to remember. "These kids. A guy, with black hair, and a blonde dude. Very, very powerful. And very, very dangerous. They're important, I think." "Anything else?" Annabeth questioned earnestly, leaning forward slightly towards him. "I think they're Roman." It was silent for a long time. Annabeth took the time to think things over. Two dangerous kids, both Romans? Hopefully they would be kind. Otherwise, who knew what would happen. The whole plan rested on the Romans. If they refused to cooperate, well then, who knows what would happen. "That's good, isn't it?" She tried her best to be optimistic, but both of them knew it was a lie. It wasn't good. "Luke.. When are you going to tell the others?" Luke grimaced, his eyes becoming cold and darker. Annabeth held back a shiver. She hated when he did that. "I told you, I'm not telling them." Annabeth got a bitter taste in her mouth, irritation swelling up. "You have to tell them! They don't know what they're getting into. This is dangerous territory. Lives are at stake," she pleaded. "Lives are always at stake, Annabeth!" Annabeth recoiled slightly, before leaning forward. She was not about to give up. Her pride would not allow her. "But we can help save their lives. It's not fair when you don't know what you're getting into. You have to-" She was cut off when the airplane door swung open, and three figures made their way in. Annabeth clamped her mouth shut quickly, but she shot a look over to Luke. She hoped that he would think about it. If not, she might just have to tell them herself... And she didn't want to betray Luke's trust. "Hey, you miss me?" Leo grinned, holding up a wrench and a coil of rope. His hands were smudged and oily, and he stunk like gas. "Got these in case of an emergency." "What exactly did you do to yourself?" Annabeth asked, helping Piper up onto the plane. Piper rolled her eyes, placing a shopping bag on the floor. "He had a bit of a problem with the plane. Apparently it was faulty." Grover emerged, crunching on a crushed can. "Hey, good thing we have a lot of mortal money. These cans are good!" Annabeth rolled her eyes, but she couldn't help the smile that tugged at her lips. As Luke joined the conversation and the others kept talking, Annabeth tuned out and delved through the bag, looking to see what had been brought. A few bags of crisps, some cans of soda and a muffin each. Not healthy in the slightest, but Annabeth couldn't care less. She was just grateful that they had food. She turned back to the conversation just in time to hear the others discussing coordinates. "How far have we got to go, Leo?" She handed everyone a muffin and popped open cans of soda. "About fifteen, twenty minutes if we keep going at the rate we were earlier. And if the weather's good." "What are we waiting for then?" Piper smiled, and she gave a high-five to Leo and Grover. Annabeth felt a twinge of guilt, and she cast a meaningful glance to Luke, who was now suddenly very interested in his muffin. "Let's go!" Grover bleated, sounding slightly muffled from behind the tin can he was munching on. Leo charged to the cockpit, and this time Annabeth stood. "I'll join you, Leo." "Great!" Leo cheered, flicking on the engines and gesturing to the seat behind him. ... Down below was Camp Jupiter. Roman soil. New territory. Annabeth warned the others to be careful. But she couldn't help but admire their camp. It could hardly be called a camp. More like... a civilisation, a colony of people. As they descended lower and closer, Annabeth could make out the arches and columns, so impressive they made her architectural side spin. "It's beautiful.." She couldn't help but murmur, drawing a disapproving look from Luke. "Don't get too attached," he warned, drawing his sword. "This is the enemy we're talking about." "A brainwashed enemy," Leo snorted from the cockpit. "Who names their camp after just one of the gods? Or, why couldn't they have chosen a better god? Like... Camp Hephaestus!" Annabeth waited for lightning to zap them out of the sky, but to her surprise, there was only a faint rumble of thunder. It made her heart heavy. Things must've been getting worse. "It would be Vulcan," Annabeth corrected. "That's the Roman equivalent. And Ze- Jupiter is the king of the gods. It only makes sense." "But what about Hera? Does the queen mean nothing?" Piper snatched a can from Grover (much to the satyrs' protesting) and threw it at Leo, much to Annabeth's approval. "Shut up, Repair Boy, and land us without crashing!" It took only a few seconds before they were parked on the ground. Annabeth clutched her dagger protectively, before climbing out after Luke. Immediately they were met with yells. Lots of yelling. A statue was cursing at them, spewing such foul words Annabeth couldn't even begin to think on it all. And thinking was her specialty. "Greeks!" The statue screeched maniacally. "Horrible, vile, stinking, putrid, terrible-" "I think we get it," Leo muttered. "-Greeks! How dare you invade our land, park your.. your..." The statue was spluttering now. "Machine on Roman turf! Move! Leave, now! I command it! If I was at full strength, I would blast you so far away you-" "Terminus! Please," a strict voice wearily pleaded the statue. Suddenly, a party of people crested the horizon. Lots, and lots of people, all geared up and armed. Annabeth couldn't help but swallow. She held up her knife threateningly. A girl stepped forward, one who looked like leader. She had long brown hair, and looked very imposing, with a purple cape. Annabeth noted that while all of them had weapons, none passed the point where the statue was placed. Terminus, the girl had called him. " Graceus ," the girl snarled. "What is your business on Roman grounds." A weakly blonde guy with toys hanging from his belt scowled, crying, "Kill them! They are Greeks, are long sworn enemies! They want nothing but blood and Roman guts!" The crowd seemed to tense, surging forward as one, but the girl held them back. Annabeth prepared to launch her dagger, but it was blasted out of her hands. She recoiled, gasping in pain. She noticed that her companions now had no weapons as well. "Ha!" Terminus cried, and Annabeth knew he had something to do with it. "Insufferable Greeks, breaking the rules and trespassing!" "What are we waiting for?" The blonde guy crowed. "Attack!" "No!" The girl cried, spreading her arms out. "Wait." The people seemed to listen to her. The girl examined them with suspicious eyes. "Speak for yourselves," the girl gestured with her weapon. "Explain. Before we kill you." Luke focused his pleading eyed on Annabeth, and suddenly she was in the spotlight. Feeling numb without her dagger, she spoke, her voice nice and clear. "We are Greeks. We come from Camp Half-Blood, a camp for demigods, just like this, except for the Greek." "Why have you come?" "We.." The words were dry in her mouth. "We need your help. I assume you've heard of Gaea? Well, she's coming back. And she's evil. She wants to take over the world. And she's coming to invade our camp, with hoards and hoards of monsters." "And how does this concern us?" Her voice cracked. "We need you to help us fight. Otherwise... We're going to die." "Let them die!" Someone cried, and Annabeth felt anger crackling at her. They would just cast away lives for their ancestors grudges? "Why would we help you?" The girl challenged. "Because your camp will be next," Piper said, braving the Romans. She detected a hint of charmspeak. "After we're gone. If we join forces, we could win." "But we need your help," Luke finished. "Please. We ask for nothing else." It was silent for a long time. And then the girl said, "You are not an attack party, that much is obvious. You're much too weak for that. Jason, what do you think?" A good-looking blonde guy