Summary Summary Thisis a back story to Cassia and Siobhan's Mellon Chronicles. I strongly recommend that you read both Tears Like Rain and Betrayal by Cassia and Siobhan, the two stories that most heavily influenced this story. Doriflen is an original character created by them, and I would like to thank them for loaning him to me. If you have not read these stories, and would like to give this a try first, it should be possible with just a little background information: Suffice it to say that Doriflen is the older brother of Thranduil. He has been hot tempered and volatile from his youth. Despite these flaws in his personality, at the beginnings of this story he is still "…A good and protective older brother" (TLR), to Thranduil, with whom he is close. This is the story of what happened to them, and how these events and their father shaped both of their personalities. Setting This story is set near the end of the first age just a few years after the ruin of Dorath in Ossiriand, the land of the seven rivers. If you would like to know the reason that I have chosen this setting, see my appendix at the end of the story. The age of the Characters For the purposes of this story, Doriflen is at an Elven age that is physically equivalent to a human of 15 years of age, and Thranduil has the physical maturity consistent with a human of about 10 years of age. If you would like to know how this translates into equivalent Elven ages, see my section on this matter at the end of the appendices. (Beware: I am an elf girl!) Rating: Strong PG 13/T+ for Violence. Most but not all of it is only alluded to, rather than seen. Wonderful Beta by Raina Hyper-elf. Translations Mellon-nín; My friend, Muindor-nín; My brother, Hir-nín; My Lord, Hannon-le; Thank you, Ion-nín; My son; Saés; Please Daro; Stop Adar & Ada: Father (formal and informal) Lasto beth-nín; Listen to me "… To the end of his days he would never know what had put the first twist in his brother's soul." Tears Like Rain by Cassia and Siobhan Death of a Heart Chapter One The stars were fading as the eastern horizon blushed gently with the coming dawn. He wondered what it had been like before the coming of the sun and the moon when Arda had rested under the constant starlit twilight. Had the stars been brighter then? Had their ephemeral beauty somehow been dimmed by their more flamboyant and brilliant cousins, or did they still possess the same fire and wonder as when they ruled supreme. Watching them pale in the brightening sky he was struck by a slight feeling of loss… Was it wrong to mourn their passing when the cause was something as beautiful as the rising sun? It was only temporary; they would be back when this wondrous gift of the Valar settled once more below the horizon. So why did he find himself wishing that they could stay? He rose from his bed in the high talan shaking his head ruefully. It was thoughts like this that caused his father to sigh and regard him with that slightly disapproving look in his eyes. He knew what his father would say if he knew of these musings; ' The stars, sun and the moon were gifts to be enjoyed for the beauty that they brought into the world, but not something over which to become so emotionally stirred up about '. He tried to control these feelings and others that his father was always warning him about. ' If you open your heart to every feeling the world will tear you apart ' the elderly elf would admonish him when he would see that look in his youngest son's eyes. Perhaps he was right, but it was so difficult to always hide what was in his heart. At least with his brother, he did not have to pretend. With that thought Thranduil turned to see if his brother had awakened yet. They shared this part of the talan, and had since they had come to Ossiriand after first the Naugrim and then the sons of Fëanor had lain waste their home in Doriath just a few years before. Thranduil knew that his older brother would probably have preferred to have had more privacy, but it was comforting to have him so close at night when his feelings of loss and despair about their mother were strongest. He peaked around the intricately woven tapestry that partitioned their sleeping area, observing with delight his brother's slumbering form. Doriflen was sprawled across his low bed on his stomach one arm pinned underneath him, and the other flung out draping over the edge, his fingers just barely brushing the plush rug below. His face was half buried in the pillow with only one eye barely visible thru his tangle of dark ruddy gold hair. Thranduil watched carefully as he crept silently forward for any focusing of his brother's vacant gaze that would indicate that he was actually awake. It was not easy to surprise Doriflen, and some would say that it was not wise. Thranduil however, did not fear his brother's volatile and hot temper; it never burned him, only others. With a wicked smile he dipped his fingers into the pitcher on the bedside table and carefully dripped a few drops into his unsuspecting sibling's ear. When Doriflen jerked partially awake at the unpleasant sensation Thranduil roared out his best war cry and pounced on him. Startled and confused by the sudden assault, Dorilfen cried out in anger and whipped around tumbling both boys off of the bed and tangling them up in the bedding together. He quickly pinned his attacker and found himself glaring fiercely down into the laughing face of his brother. "Thranduil?!" If this had been anyone else things might have turned ugly. Instead he eased his painfully tight grip on his brother's arms. "What were you thinking!" he growled in annoyance finally releasing him completely. Thranduil just lay there still laughing, his pale golden hair spread out like a halo framing his less than angelic expression. "I was thinking that it was time for you to get up. You promised to take me swimming today and it's getting late!" he claimed, ignoring the fact that the shadows still lay deep in the forest despite the brightening eastern horizon. His mischievous eyes danced with delight despite the slowly diminishing storm that raged in his brother's icy blue eyes. Doriflen sat back still straddling the younger elf. He never could stay angry with the little brat for long, he thought as his affection for his brother fought through to the surface finally submerging the last flames of his anger; but he could get even! Grabbing the pitcher of water off of his table he kept Thranduil from rolling away as he quickly doused him, soaking his hair and light sleeping tunic. "You wanted to swim Muindor-nín," He chuckled as he watched him sputter and squirm. "so swim!" He snickered and jumped up finally releasing the younger elf who scrambled up shaking water from his hair, and quickly peeling off his tunic. Thranduil looked up at his brother with a puckish grin and started to twist the wet garment up swinging it in a threatening way; this was not over yet. Doriflen backed cautiously away, but there really was no where to go; so with a ringing cry, he decided to go for a fast, but soggy victory, charging and tackling his brother despite his makeshift weapon. They rolled across the floor a couple of times knocking over a chair and the small reading table next to it, and scattering the books on top of it before Doriflen once again pinned him. He wrestled the dripping shirt away from him and tossed it out the nearby window. This time the glare that he fixed the younger elf with was un-shadowed by his previous anger and only showed his amusement. "Are you going to behave, or are you going to keep acting like you are part Orc?" he queried. "If it is the latter, you shall be joining your tunic." He threatened without any real malice. "If I'm part Orc than so are you." Thranduil snickered, still not willing to yield. Doriflen shook his head. The young rascal never backed down! "Enough now!" He warned, his mood suddenly shifting. "The room is wrecked and your antics have probably woken father." He saw the way his brother instantly sobered at that last thought and released him. He watched in fascination as the younger elf scrambled to right the tipped over furniture and pick up the scattered books. Thranduil was always so eager to please their father and so concerned about incurring his displeasure. He, on the other hand, didn't care nearly as much what his father thought; he tried to avoid triggering his anger and being punished of course, but his father's approval mattered little to him. He found his father's frequent lectures about self control tedious and annoying. What was wrong with showing people that you were angry? If someone upset him badly, they learned quickly enough to not to make that mistake again. He climbed up and walked over to his bed picking up the bedding from the floor. He grimaced, it was soaked! He felt his temper flare instantly only to have it abate just as quickly when Thranduil grinned up at him. Since their mother had been killed his brother was the only person left that he cared strongly about anymore. The young elf may be annoying at times, pestering him while following him everywhere and refusing to be left behind, but for some reason it didn't bother him most of the time. His friends didn't like it but they knew better than to cross him where his brother was concerned. He cocked his head as he heard the sounds of breakfast being prepared below; the days always started early in the house of Oropher. He tossed the bedding into the basket in the corner while turning to his brother. "That's good enough." He grinned. "Race you downstairs for breakfast!" he laughed as they both bolted for the door. The pale tendrils of dawn had not yet pierced the deep shadows beneath the great trees, nor had they touched the gloom wrapped around the heart of the lone figure beneath them. He gazed up at the fading stars and found no comfort in their beauty. Somehow they had ceased to touch his heart when the one he had loved so deeply had passed beyond his reach. He had tried to wall away the feelings of loss and grief and most of the time he was successful. He could not change the past. Wallowing in these feelings did no one any good. He shook his head ruefully; he should have the strength to shut these painful emotions away into the past to which they belonged…. but when he looked up into a clear moonless night at the luminous blanket above he was forced to acknowledge the empty spot that had once been filled by his gentle Elenedis when they had walked together in the endless starlight before the coming of the Sun. He turned with a sigh towards the talan that was now home to him and his two young sons… He missed her. That was the price that one paid for opening their heart and the price was very high. His brow furrowed in anger as he thought of the senseless death and destruction that had destroyed their home and taken her away from him. Oropher had chosen to bring his children to Ossiriand for refuge after the devastation of the second kinslaying, because he could no longer bring himself to accept the rule of those who would associate with the treacherous Noldor still within their