The Weaving cow The Weaving cow By Cactuskim Please feel free to review. Rating: G Beta: Raina…. Thank you so much. Dedication I would like to dedicate this story to Cassia and Siobhan who have not only entertained and inspired me for years, but have also warped my mind… OK, so I was already warped. LOL Hannon-le, mellyn-nin! Disclaimer I own nothing of Middle earth or any of Tolken's worlds or characters. Yes, that means that Legolas and Aragorn do not belong to me. I have made several offers to buy them, but the good professor just rolls over in his grave… Sigh He just doesn't understand me! I have no permission to use these characters, and I'm receiving no money for this story… Like anyone would pay me for this! LOL. This story was written for enjoyment only… I hope yours as much as mine Wink. I would like to thank Cassia and Siobhan for allowing me to borrow their OC's Raniean and Trelan (good Silvan Elves and friends of Legolas), and also Seobryn, Talft and Lur (nasty bad guys), as well as the nickname 'Dari' for Eldarion… I hope that they don't put a price on my head for what I have done with them. This story also contains references to some of their stories, the Mellon Chronicles, especially Stars of Harad. It is possible to read and enjoy this story without first reading those stories, but they are it is a wonderful series and I highly recommend them to anyone. Summary This story starts Post-RotK, when Aragorn's son is only 4 years old. It then jumps back in time to when Aragorn was still young and is returning from Harad with Legolas who had tracked him to Harad (having to disguise himself as a human and travel with some rather unsavoury types in the process) and helped to rescue him there. It is a long journey home afterwards and this is just a bit of fun that happened along the way… grin it was a long trip home, and I just could not imagine these two travelling so long and far without getting into at least a little bit of trouble ;p. So, on with the insanity! The Weaving Cow By Cactuskim Post-RotK The dappled sunlight softly filtered through the trees, casting a soft glow over the secluded glade, while glimmering rainbow hues danced in the shimmering mist from the nearby falls. The song of the trees blended with the music of the cascading waters, lending their harmony to the sound of Elven laughter. They were gathered around the remains of a picnic, enjoying the last of the wine and watching in amusement as a small child splashed in the nearby stream, snatching at the darting silver forms beneath the surface. Dari was having a wonderful time… they all were. "He may not have your skill at that Trelan, but I think that his enthusiasm out matches even yours." Legolas leaned against a fallen log looking at both his friends and the boy with dancing eyes. "Perhaps you would like to join him?" Trelan laughed and swirled his near full wine glass, "Perhaps when I am finished." "After you are finished, you will have even less skill than him," Raniean chuckled receiving a light cuff from his smaller friend. "Just don't let Estel try to show him how to spear fish with one of the arrows." Elladan quipped with a sideways look at his twin. "We all know how that turned out." Aragorn looked up from where he laid in the grass with smirk on his face. "As I recall, it was you, dear brother, who ended up in the water that day, not I." "He's right you know," Elrohir grinned at Elladan. "You were the first one in that day." "Well, perhaps I should rectify that past error." With a wicked gleam in his eyes Elladan started to rise, only to be stopped suddenly as Elrohir reached over and deftly captured his wine glass. "You go ahead and teach him a lesson," he laughed, "and I will finish this off for you." Elladan instantly dropped down again, retrieving his wayward glass and clutching it possessively. The laughter that erupted was enough to cause Dari to pause and look up at his elders, but could not distract him long from his task. "Thank you, Elrohir," Legolas chuckled, "once they get going, there is no telling what kind of trouble they will drag me into next… especially that Ranger." "Me!" Aragorn swatted lightly at his friend. "I think that you have things a bit backwards. It is you, Mellon-nin, who is always dragging me into things." "Dragging you out of or home again afterwards perhaps," Legolas said with a look of false piety on his fair face, "but it is you who starts it." Aragorn was laughing openly now as were the others. "I seem to recall dragging you out of trouble on many occasions, my dear innocent Prince." Legolas' eyes sparkled with mischief as he tried to stare them all down. "Just because I have been in trouble, does not mean that it was my fault… I do not start things!" The glade was immediately filled with a cacophony of merry voices all lifted up in an effort to refute such an outrageous statement even if it was meant in jest. They called out one story after another as Legolas gaily pointed out how the trouble had all really been caused by others and using some very 'Creative Logic' in some cases. "What about you bringing home a warg cub you found in the woods and wanting to keep it as a pet?" Raniean happily pointed out. "The whole palace was in an uproar. I will never forget the look on your father's face as he was trying to explain why you couldn't keep it and all the time you are petting it! I thought that he was going to be sick." "I remember that look too!" Legolas snickered, "I used to tease him when he would complain about my Ketrals and tell him that if he had let me keep the Warg, I would never have started keeping Ketrals. That one doesn't count though, because I was only 6 at the time and I thought that I had found a puppy… an extremely ugly puppy, but still a puppy. I was too young to know better. Besides, who helped me carry it home?" Raniean helplessly shrugged and smiled. "I was no older than you, and its eyes weren't even open yet," he glanced up at the others. "We felt sorry for it!... It really was ugly though." Aragorn was wide-eyed. "Valar! However did you get your hands on a warg cub without getting killed?!" "That is what my father kept asking!" Legolas laughed. "How do you explain getting arrested in Strayton for River stealing and chicken thieving?" Elrohir intoned with a wink at his twin. Trelan sputtered and choked on his wine at this, "Chicken thieving?!" "Oh, this should be good," Raniean chuckled with a mock bow. "Hir-nin." /my lord/ Legolas tossed his half finished apple at the incorrigible pair of Silvan elves and glowered at the twins. "The earthquake diverted the river and a lot of superstitious townsfolk overreacted, as you both know full well… Nobody stole the river! " Turning with a teasing look at his human friend he added. " Besides, I was not the only one arrested." "Yes, but who stole the chickens?!" Trelan giggled. "You nift! Nobody stole any chickens!" Legolas groaned. "Raniean, do something with him!" Trelan quickly ducked his head down into his arms to avoid the swat aimed his way, but he could still be heard chuckling: "My prince the chicken thief!" "You know, mellon-nin," Aragorn eyed the elf prince with an impish glint in his eyes, "I never really counted those chickens before I fell asleep in that barn… You didn't do anything while I was sleeping, did you?" "Strider!" Legolas growled. "You are impossible!" He glanced over at Trelan who was now laughing so hard that he was having trouble breathing and rolled his eyes. "Now look what you've started this time." "Oh no you don't, I didn't start that one, El did!" Aragorn exclaimed. Then he smiled slyly at his friend. "At least I can enter a tavern without causing a brawl." Legolas fixed his friend with a look of mock distain. "I do not cause brawls." Aragorn chuckled "Oh really? That is not what I heard… What about that time in the Drunken Goblin?" "I did not start that, I just finished it." Legolas smirked. "Umm… So you say, but that is not what I overheard Talaft and Lur saying." Legolas snorted, "Talaft and Lur were not even there!" "No, but apparently they heard quite a few stories about you from Seobryn's men." The former ranger chuckled at the elf, "Face it my friend, even without knowing you were an elf, you did tend to stand out there; not a lot of tall blondes in Harad, you know, people were bound to talk." "Second hand gossip from a band of ruffians relayed by those two?! I have been maligned you can't believe a word of it." Legolas sniffed disdainfully "Perhaps, mellon-nin," and now Aragorn fixed Legolas with triumphant smile, "but that does not explain what happened at the Weaving Cow." "Strider!" Legolas growled, "That was not my fault! Besides…" "Not your fault?!" Aragorn exclaimed, sitting up and giving the elf a playful shove. "Legolas, you forget that I was there! Everything was fine and then all of a sudden you scream and start throwing over tables…" "The tables were an accident," Legolas defended. "And that shrill scream?" Aragorn grinned. "I did not scream, shrill or otherwise!" Sputtered the prince. "Alright, shout, yell or perhaps… Squeak?" Aragorn laughed openly at the glare that Legolas was turning on him. "Call it what you will, it was loud and very high pitched" Legolas flushed and tried to look aloof and unconcerned. "You exaggerate human, besides, this is hardly the time or place and it would be of little interest to the others." To Legolas' consternation, the instant clamour that arose from the others, who had until that moment been watching the two friends cryptic banter in relative quiet, belied that notion. "On the contrary, mellon-nin, I think that now is the perfect time, unless you would like to admit defeat and concede that you did start the brawl?" Aragorn was counting on Legolas' pride and competitive nature to prevent him from backing down and keep him from recounting the event. Legolas was trapped, and he knew it. Even if he did concede, too much had already been said. The rest of his friends would never let it go. "Very well Strider, go ahead and tell them," he grudgingly agreed, "but, it was not my fault." Aragorn grinned widely at Legolas who was now almost squirming. He knew there was something that Legolas had never told him about this and he had a feeling that he just might finally discover what it was… This was going to be fun! "We were on our way back from Harad, about half way between Near Harad and southern Gondor and we lost our baggage in a river…" "You lost it, not me! See, it was all your fault!" Legolas interjected in a last effort to circumvent fate. "I am hardly responsible for falling when the embankment collapsed," Aragorn countered. "Good try, Legolas." "Besides, Estel always falls." Elladan chuckled. "It is like a law of nature, definitely not his fault." His twin finished, rolling swiftly out of the way of the sticky honey roll that flew past his head. "Do not insult the story teller if you want to hear the story." Aragorn intoned in his most dignified and regal manner, an effect that was hopelessly ruined by the fact that he was licking the honey off of his fingers. "Now, where