AN: Here is my new story, co-written with Hubris-P. It is a dark love story for Nico and Percy, with a lot of danger and adventure thrown in. I must include warnings for angst, sex (m/m and maybe group sex, and mentions of m/f), violence, minor character death, Original Character (hopefully nothing like the typical Gary-Sue though, as he is based upon real Greek myth, though he is yet to appear in the Percy Jackson series) and possibly some kink. Rated M for the above, and probably some language. Still in love with Percy, but feeling completely hopeless, Nico has hidden in the depths of the underworld. While there he discovers something that is going to change the entire world, but Nico could never have guessed just how much. Percy/Nico with Jason/OC "What are you doing, Percy?" Nico cried, voice filled with laughter. The love of his life had dragged him from the dining pavilion, where hundreds of Greek and Roman demigods were celebrating the safe return of the seven. They were giggling like little girls as they avoided the attention of fauns and nature spirits and a dozen actual little girls who seemed to find the heroes the most exciting thing in the world. Percy had just grabbed Nico's hand and dragged him out here. Nico had been tempted to shout at him, tell him off for continually leading him on. But Percy didn't know he was leading Nico on. He just thought they were friends. "Shhh!" hissed Percy, a finger over his mouth like a child. And Nico smiled and shushed, as Percy ran out over the sand, pulling Nico with him. They got very near the sea before Nico pulled up short. "Er, Percy," he said, "you know your whole not flying thing..." "Nah!" said Percy, "you're fine with me! I flew loads with Jason." Nico had flown with Jason too. He'd barely been in the sea or the sky himself, otherwise, but he knew instinctively that it wouldn't be a good idea. Neither Zeus nor Poseidon had ever spoken two words to him, but he'd seen the former glaring at him with hatred and the latter with suspicion. "But what are we doing here, Percy?" he asked, instead. "Look, I just wanted to thank you," Percy said. "You saved our lives in Tartarus without even being there. You brought the Athena Parthenon thousands of miles, even after I doubted you. You're just as strong and important as any of those others up there. You're one of the bravest people I know." Nico was pleased it was so dark. He had to be blushing. "I'm nothing on you, Percy," he said truthfully, "all I could manage in Tartarus was wondering around for five minutes before being captured." "And I wouldn't have survived that long if it weren't for Annabeth and Bob!" said Percy, "Now, are you going to shut up and let me thank you?" Nico laughed, "I thought you already did." Percy shook his head, "What, a speech in front of a pavilion full of strangers? Nah!" He turned to the sea and whistled. "That ain't a thank you. This is a thank you." Nico looked where Percy was looking. At first he saw nothing, he wondered if Percy was actually drunk. He looked back at Percy. "What's a thank you?" "Patience, di Angelo!" Percy cried, punching him gently on the arm. Nico frowned, and punched him slightly less gently back. Percy only laughed. "Here we are!" he said, and Nico turned in time to see two hippocampi emerging from the water. He frowned at Percy. "What's going on?" he asked. Percy just winked at him, "Come on!" he said, and jumped on one of the beasts. Nico followed far less gracefully, unused to walking through the water. Percy laughed at him, and Nico decided the son of the sea god definitely was a bit drunk. "Where are we going?" he asked. "You do know I can't breathe underwater, don't you?" "Of course!" said Percy, "trust me!" Nico bit his lip. He did trust Percy. It was himself he didn't trust. And the gods. And the rest of the world. The hippocampi launched back into the sea, and Nico was relieved the night was so warm. At first they stayed on the surface, and Nico only felt like his legs were getting cold, but he soon realised he was sinking. "Er… Percy," he called, "water… breathing…" "Trust me!" Percy called, and the water rose over their heads. Nico spluttered, waiting for his nose and mouth to fill with water. It didn't happen. He forced himself to open his eyes. His head was in a bubble, safe, with plenty of air to breath. And Percy was grinning at him. "I told you to trust me!" the cheeky bastard had the nerve to tease, Nico stuck out a tongue, and Percy kept grinning. "Nearly there!" he assured him, and within minutes they had stopped, right on the edge of a great cavern. Percy got off his hippocampus, and pulled Nico off his. "Watch this!" he instructed, putting a jovial arm around Nico's shoulders. Nico had a hard time looking away from Percy's face, now so close, but he managed, just in time to see a shoal of brilliant silver fish. "What…" "Shhh!" Percy hissed, "Watch!" The fish parted, revealing the most magnificent sight Nico had ever seen. He gasped. "Is that…" "A blue whale," Percy breathed, "Hi Sue!" he shouted. The ghostly sound of whale song met his ears, but Percy just smiled. "He's a friend," he called to the whale. "His name's Nico." Impossibly gracefully, the whale swam over their heads. Its sheer size stole Nico's breath more thoroughly than the water could possibly have managed. "She says hi," said Percy. "That's… incredible," Nico gasped. "Yeah," said Percy, "I've only met Sue a few times, but she's amazing, isn't she?" Nico breathed out. "So amazing," he said. Somehow more amazing than any of the impossible creatures they'd seen. Such gentle beauty in something so huge. "Wow," Nico breathed. "I just thought… you know, not many people get to see someone like Sue," Percy explained, "And I thought you'd like to." "Yeah," said Nico. "Wow." He turned to Percy, only to discover the other boy's face was just inches from his own. He looked so relaxed, beautiful and perfect. He laughed, a rich sound so beautiful Nico wanted to glue it into his brain. "She'll probably swim past again," he said, "she's a bit of a show off is Sue." "It's amazing, Percy," said Nico. No wonder Percy was so beautiful if he could call such a beautiful place with such beautiful creatures in it home. "Thank you, Percy," he said. "No!" Percy cried, "It's all thanking you, silly! I don't know if I've mentioned it but I'd be dead if it weren't for you!" "No, you wouldn't…" Nico protested. "I would! Years ago! I'd never have survived the Titans, let alone the giants!" "And I would have been sold to Luke when I was twelve if it wasn't for you!" Nico replied. "I think it's safe to say you've more than repaid the favour." "Alright," said Percy with a sheepish smile, "we'll call it quits." That almost sounded sad to Nico. Like it was the end of something. Maybe that was the message Percy wanted him to take. "But you're still one of my best friends, Nico!" he said, "I've already told Annabeth, when we get married, you're totally being second best man." Nico did not like that sentence in the slightest. Aloud he said "Second best?" "Well, I think Grover would go mad if I didn't make him best man." Nico tried not to let his disappointment show. Second best of second best. That summed him up really. "Hey!" Percy protested, "You're awesome! It's just, I've known Grover longer, you know?" "Yeah," said Nico, "course." "Hey!" Percy protested, "I haven't shown him Sue, have I?" The both looked up. The enormous shape was making a second swim-by, as Percy suggested. "Seriously, Nico, you've got no idea how awesome you are, have you?" Nico turned to him. Percy probably thought this was such a simple conversation, a quick thanks before he disappeared back to his own life. Nico had to keep reminding himself of that. Percy loved Annabeth. Percy loved Annabeth. Percy grabbed his face and pulled it towards him, "Hey! Nico! I'm not letting you go until you admit how awesome you are!" "Percy!" Nico protested. "Admit it!" "Percy…" "Admit it!" "Fine! I'm … awesome." Percy grinned. He had an amazing grin. It made him seem so full of life in a way Nico couldn't fail to envy. He smiled back, but knew it had nothing on Percy's. "There it is," Percy grinned, "you keep doing that, you'll have a girlfriend in no time." Nico blinked. Was this the time? Did he dare? Jason had sworn blind no one would judge him for admitting his sexuality. Just his sexuality. He didn't want to scare Percy off. And Percy had never shown even a tiny amount of sexism or racism. Did Nico dare believe he could genuinely be that… nice? "I don't… want a girlfriend," Nico mumbled. Percy's eyebrows dropped in confusion. "Well, maybe not yet," he said, "when I was fourteen I was still telling anyone who'd listen that me and Annabeth were only friends…" "No," said Nico, "I don't… I don't want a girl friend." Percy put his head on one side. "You… what?" "Percy, I…" And he couldn't see any understanding in Percy's face. No realisation, no forgiveness. He was suddenly aware of how completely he would lose Percy now. Forever. Never again would Percy be even friendly to him. He couldn't bare it. He needed to say good bye. He leant forward and kissed Percy's perfect lips. At first Percy didn't move. Maybe it was shock. Nico tried not to lose his nerve. Percy would reject him now, but at least Nico had done this. At least he'd got to kiss him, just this once. Percy's lips moved. The hands, still gripping the sides of Nico's head, didn't move or release. Nico moved his own lips, desperate to put off the inevitable rejection. And just for a moment, Nico could have sworn Percy was kissing him back. The hands held him closer, a tongue crept towards his mouth. Then, too suddenly, the rejection came. Percy pushed him away. Nico tried to pretend that wasn't like a death to him. "Oh gods," said Percy. Nico didn't say anything. "Look, Nico," said Percy, "I'm sorry, I didn't…" Still Nico stayed silent. "Look, I'm with Annabeth," Percy said, "I've been in love with her since…" Nico didn't respond. "I'm sorry," said Percy. Nico wished he could run. He couldn't, he was at the bottom of the sea. "Nico, I…" Actually, maybe he could. There were shadows under here weren't there? "Nico…" Nico stepped into the shadows. And then he was gone. ...xxx...xxx...xxx... You are cordially invited to the wedding of Perseus Jackson and Annabeth Chase. On: 23rd July 2020? Nico had memorised the words. The stupid words. They dug into his heart and scratched him, ripping open the wounds he'd been working to close since he was a child. It had been years since he'd known for certain that Percy would end up committing himself completely to Annabeth. The invitation had no right to hurt him this much. How could a little piece of card create so much misery? He barely even saw Percy nowadays anyway. After the sheer stupidity of trying to kiss a straight man in a committed relationship, Nico had barely seen anyone. He doubted Percy would spread any rumours, but he had probably told Annabeth, which meant Nico wouldn't be welcome anywhere near the Greeks any time soon. There was enough interest and adventure in the underworld to keep him busy, and a sense of acceptance he didn't seem to receive anywhere