Elfbrat18: Hey yall. Me and Whistler here. Look, apparently no one was kind enough to tell us how much Break Away sucked, so I've decided to take it down completely and begin with something new. Whistler: That's right. New title, new plot, but same characters and new descriptions. Elfbrat18: And hopefully this time we can make this work. So get situated, get something to eat or drink and get ready to read the first chapter. And please, please leave a review. I could care less if it's a flame, I just want to know that someone has read this; it's all I ask. It Can't Rain All The Time October 30, 2005. 2:47 p.m. Liz's Bar and Grill. New Orleans, Louisiana. The enormous crowd that had once entered Liz's at noon had since dissovled into a dull roar. It was still busy, with a few or so leaving or entering every fifteen minutes. I was busy wiping off one of my tables when three little kids entered the bar and sat down at one of the booths I worked. They were grinning from ear to ear and I couldn't help but find myself smiling as I grabbed my notepad, pen, and three menus as I headed over to them. "Welcome to Liz's. I'm Arlene and I'll be your waitress today. What can I get you to drink?" I asked casually. Then I noticed what they were wearing. One of the girls was wearing what looked like a minature Belldandy costume from Oh My Goddess. Not the blue outfit, the pink one in episode 5, For The Love of Goddess, I think. I have a large assortment of anime DVDs at my apartment and Oh My Goddess is one of them. She also had a little silver moon painted on her left cheek that sparkled under her sandy blond hair. Now I'm getting off track. The other little girl was wearing a white baggy top and white pants that had laces that wrapped around the arms and at the backs of the legs. She wore a silvery wig and white feathered wings. On her cheek was a silver star that also sparkled in the light. The little boy was dressed all in black. His dark wig stopped at his shoulders and he wore a stretchy black shirt and black leather pants under a black duster and boots. To finish off his look his face was painted completely white, with the eyes and lips darkened, a line coming from the tops and bottoms of the eyes and from the corners of his mouth. They all looked no older than 10 or 11. I couldn't hide a grin that spread across my face. "Isn't it a bit early to be dressing up? After all, Halloween's tomorrow." I pointed out, laying a menu down in front of each of them. All three of them just grinned more and stared at me. "What is it?" "Look who's talking!" I heard come from behind. Turning to my left I saw Lizzy, my boss and the owner of the place with a cheeky grin plastered from ear to ear. Lizzy was about two feet taller than me with short brown hair that stopped at her shoulders, and hazel eyes. For someone that seemed so confident on the outside, she was actually very shy. It was then I remembered that I was dressed up as well. Black leather pants, black boots, a tight black t-shirt with numerous chains that held pentacles, a crystal pendelum, small knicknacks that I picked up on vacations including a celtic cross, my high school class ring, and an interesting keychain that I lost the keyring to. My hair was pulled back into a messy ponytail showing off the latex 'vampire ears' as they called them when I bought them at Halloween Express earlier that month. A modern-day vampire. "Yes, well, it was YOUR idea to have everyone at work dress up all week, Liz..." I pointed out. Liz slapped me on the shoulder playfully. "Oh come now, it's not that bad. Though it is awlfully warm for October...Anyway, I didn't think vampires had pointed ears." She mused and walked away. Hey, who was dressed as a female Captain Jack Sparrow, hmm? "You don't always have to follow myths!" I half said-half shouted back at her. "Now, um what would you three like to drink?" The boy cleared his throat like he was older and said, "The ladies will have Dr. Pepper and I'll take a Pepsi, please." "I'll be right back." I said, jotting down the drink orders and walking over behind the counter. Bobby Jean, or BJ as we all called the shortest and youngest of the group. Anyone that didn't know her would find it hard to believe that she was still in high school, her senior year. Short light blond hair, dark blue eyes, and dressed as The Bride from Kill Bill. She was busy refilling salt and pepper shakers. "Not very busy today are you?" she asked. "What's that mean?" I asked, filling the glasses with ice. "I mean," she paused screwing the cap back on the pepper shaker, "that you're serving kids. No big tips come from kids. But they do look sweet dressed up, don't they?" I shrugged my shoulders. "I don't care much for the money, BJ, I thought that by now you would've realized that." Placing the drinks on the tray I made a point to bump BJ with my hip as I passed her, causing her to nealry fall off balance and take out the shakers she had just filled with her. "Here you are. Have you decided what you would like to eat?" I asked, getting my pen and paper ready. They seemed to pause for a minute before the boy spoke up. "Um, can we have some french fries?" "I can do that. Do you guys want any ketchup?" Three nods. "A big basket or three normal ones?" "A big basket, please." "Okay, well I'll get that out to you as soon as I can." After I had placed the big basket of fries and ketchup in front of them, I went back behind the counter and piddled around. There wasn't a lot to do at the time. I checked my watch. It was twenty to four. Whoa I din't realize that it was getting late. Then I looked out the window and saw that the sun was just barely beginning to show signs of setting. When I looked back at my youngest customers, they were coming towards the counter. "Is everything alright?" I asked. "Yes it was quite good, thank you." Mini-Belldandy said. "We just wanted to know how much the bill is." "It's $5.89, but that's alright I got it." I said, digging into my pocket. "No, no, no. I won't have it." The boy said, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a $10 bill. "I won't let a lady pay in my presence. It's on me as I said before we got here." He handed me the slightly crumpled bill. Handing him the change, I couldn't help but comment. "Such a gentleman. If I didn't say anything before let me say now that your costumes look very nice." Reaching under the counter I pulled out three bags filled with candy from the huge candy bowl by the cash register. "These are for you three. Early Trick-or-Treats, and for being such nice customers." "Thank you!" They said beaming up at me. It was a little louder than I wanted cause we weren't supposed to give out candy until tomorrow, so I made a 'shhh' gesture with my hand. Then why have the bowl of candy out if you can't give it out. I wondered. They caught on quick and pocketed the bags, whispering "Thank you!" again as they waved and left. BJ looked at me as I grinned cheekily and waved back at the retreating backs. "What did you do?" she asked eyeing me oddly. "Nothing." I replied. "Just being nice." "Uh huh. Well, I won't tell." she said, "Oh hey check it out Arlene! It's 4 o'clock! Know what that means?" "Mm-hm. That means that I can get home and rest." I sighed, heading into the back room and grabbing my purse. "Hey Liz, I'm gone." Liz got up from her desk. "Hang on, hon. Can you do me a big, big favor?" "It depends." "Can you come in tonight? Cause we're going to be open all night tonight and well into tomorrow before we close for a few hours. It'll be like an All Hallow's Eve Bash." "What time?" "Uh, around eleven or twelve would be great." I sighed again. Inwardly this time. "I'll see what I can do." Liz hugged me before we both left her office. "Thanks hon. If you can't make it, that's fine. If you can, great. But you don't want to miss out tonight, that's a promise." The good thing about living in the city was that I didn't have to drive to work. It was maybe two or three blocks from the apartment I lived in, and it was pointless driving and wasting the gas everyday. I did have a car though. That evening I decided that I would watch The Crow while I worked on my website. My laptop was resting on my legs that were stretched out on the coffee table. The movie was maybe 20 minutes into playing when I heard a sudden downpour outside. Figures it would rain. Has there been a day this week where it hasn't rained at least once? : Then why must you state the obivious : WTF! Oh man, I think I'm losing it. I gotta quit talking to myself... No sooner had the downpour started it dropped to a mere drizzle. Weird... And then out of no where the phone rang. What the crap? It's like 11:30! Oh. Wait. Prolly Lizzy reminding me about the thing going on down at work. I set down my laptop after shutting it down on the table and ran over to the phone. "Hello?" No answer. "Hello? Liz?" I asked again, thinking this was some prank of hers. Wouldn't surprise me in the least. Then I heard breathing. Male breathing. "Bobby! Curtis! Jason! Dammit someone better answer me RIGHT NOW!" Yeah, I was raging mad. They all knew how much I hated these kinds of pranks and they also knew that I would kick their asses when I caught each and every one of them in on the act. That's when I heard it. Snickering. So they WERE in on it! Or so I thought. "Alright, don't get your knickers in a twist. Are you Arlene Harris?" I paused. "Yes..." I finally said. "Good. I have a message from the beyond." "Just what the hell are you talking about?" No answer. "Tell me now dammit or I'm calling the police!" The voice snickered again. "So what? Call 'em if you wish. Won't do you much good. They won't find your body when we get through with you." Click. Who's we! Dammit! Wait, did that voice get closer or what? : Turn around now : Wha-! I didn't have time to scream. The bastard that was on the phone was right behind me, phone in one hand and a bat in the other. The bat made contact with my left side, the force making me double over the couch and land on the floor. : Get up! Get up! He's coming after you : I managed to get up and run for it. To the bedroom at least. I grabbed the nearest thing to me, a chair of all things, and slammed it into the guy's face. He bellowed, dropped the bat and phone and began clutching his face. "You bitch..." I heard him say as I grabbed the discarded makeshift weapon. "You, sir, are no gentleman. A man should never lay a hand on a