Authors: Julie & Fianna Disclaimer: We write fan fiction solely for our own enjoyment and do not claim any copyright or ownership nor do we have intent to make financial gain. All original concepts and characters are from our minds and remain our property. Warnings: Het Romance Cast: Haldir/OFC, Elrond, Galadriel, Celeborn, Rúmil, Orophin, other OCs Timeline: A.U. not following movie verse or canon Summary: Determined to punish Haldir for toying with her sister's affections, Elanor undertakes to teach him a lesson. Will she succeed? Or will Haldir turn the tables on her? Chapter One " He is coming here at last! The March Warden of Lothlórien! My true love!" Tossing her golden hair over her shoulder, Lana waltzed around the room, her blue skirt swishing as she moved. "Can you believe it? Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn have accepted this year's invitation to Arwen's birthday celebration, and you know they always bring Haldir along for protection." The beautiful elven maiden clasped her hands in front of her, almost rubbing them together in glee. "By this time next week, I shall be reunited with the one who adores me!" Smothering a sigh, Elanor glared at the embroidery panel she was attempting to form into a pillow cover, but the mangled threads seemed to mock her every effort. Setting it aside with secret relief, she transferred her gaze to her younger sister, quietly assessing her as she continued to enthuse about her so-called suitor. Lana had many admirers, but Elanor was not so sure that Haldir of Lórien was one of them. Elanor frowned, thinking of the Lothlórien Guardian. Lana had not seen him for two years, yet her sister's heart seemed fixed on him more firmly than ever. "You are certainly excited about seeing him again," she commented. "Of course I am!" Lana said fervently. "I have missed him so! I love him so much!" "But Lana, dear, he has not even written to you. I am afraid that he will break your heart. I have heard he is considered quite a catch in Lothlórien, but no female has as yet managed to hold his interest for very long. Perhaps he has long forgotten you." Elanor tried to say the words gently, but she saw the flash of annoyance that crossed Lana's face. "He has not forgotten me!" her sister snapped, and stomped her little foot. "He is only busy. Very busy. And he told me he does not like to write letters. But I know he cares for me. I told you how well we'd got on the last time he was here. He looked at no one but me! Only me! And I have given him my heart. Oh, Elanor, he is so perfect! You cannot believe what an excellent kisser he is!" Elanor gritted her teeth. For two years she had had to listen to Lana rave about the March Warden's virtues. She had heard about his accomplishments, his high rank, his masculine attributes, his beautiful eyes, his soft hair, his hard muscles . . . the list seemed as endless as Lana's adoration. And yet this so-called perfect elf had never deigned to write poor Lana a letter. Elanor did not like him. She did not like him at all. "Well, I think you were foolish to leap into such a strong relationship so quickly," she said firmly. "He'd only been here a few days. And you have nothing at all in common with him." Lana laughed airily. "Nonsense! It was love at first sight, Ellie! You are only jealous because he didn't choose you." Humming a nonsense tune in her throat, she whirled about the room, her long hair flaring out from where it hung heavy and straight down her back. "But then, you were not even here, were you? You arrived just as he was leaving." Remembering that moment, Elanor frowned. Yes, she had seen Haldir several times, and even admired him in a silly sort of way, but they had never actually met. And that last time, two years ago, she had been passing through the courtyard just when he was exiting Lord Elrond's residence. The March Warden had stood on the steps and looked straight at her, then proceeded to give her the most thorough masculine assessment she had ever received. And then he had smiled at her, a slow, lazy smile that could have curled her toes if she were not so sensible. It had taken all Elanor's resolve not to blush quite scarlet. His piercing look had burned her, made her more conscious than ever of how alone she sometimes felt, and how much she yearned for masculine company. But not his. To add to this, she had had the oddest feeling that he had intended to walk over and speak to her, but then the Lord and Lady of Lórien had emerged, along with Lord Elrond, and Haldir's attention had been diverted. Elanor had turned and left, but she remembered all too clearly how she had taken one last glance over her shoulder, and in doing so, had caught Haldir's eye once more. And he had winked at her! This was the elf who was supposedly in love with her sweet, innocent little sister! Of course she had told Lana none of this. "I do not know what it is you see in him," she said, aware that she sounded prudish, "I have always heard that he is arrogant and overbold in his behavior." Lana scowled and turned away. "Well, you are wrong. He is sweet and romantic." Elanor stared at her sister. "Romantic? Sweet? From what I have heard, an Orc would be sweeter in disposition than Lothlórien's March Warden. He is known for his haughtiness and hardened temperament, and from what I've seen it is no exaggeration." She pushed aside the memory of his wink, which had seemed more flirtatious than haughty. "Perhaps he is that way with his wardens, but with me he is romantic! Elanor, he gave me a . . . a flower when we walked together in the garden. And then he kissed me many times. Many, many times. And more than kissed." "More than kissed?" Elanor repeated carefully. "You did not tell me this before. Exactly what do you mean, Lana?" Lana giggled. "Come, Ellie, do not tell me you do not know! Are you really that inexperienced?" "Are you saying you gave yourself to him?" Elanor asked steadily. Lana lifted her chin. "Do I have to spell it out? I told you, we fell in love, and I will say no more than that. If I gave myself to him, well, it is none of your concern." She must finally have realized how distressed Elanor was, for she ran over to give her a hug. "You worry too much about me, Ellie. I will be fine." With a light laugh, she left the room. Elanor rubbed a hand across her brow, and sighed. Yes, she worried a great deal about Lana. Her little sister was far too free with her heart, and too easily swayed by male flattery. Lana was far, far too beautiful for her own good, with her golden hair, blue eyes, and perfect features. If Haldir broke Lana's heart, if he was only toying with her beloved sister, then by the Valar he was going to pay. Elanor clenched her teeth. And she'd be the one to make him do it. x Lana hurried from the solar and out into Elanor's small, well-tended garden. It was surrounded by a low stone wall, and she could hear the peaceful rush of the river on the other side. Their home sat on the lower course of the city, at the river's edge, parts of their home even overhanging the flowing water. Usually, the sound of the water soothed her, but not today. Lana flopped down onto a small stone bench and tapped her foot irritably. This time she might have gone too far. She'd worked herself so deeply into her web of lies that she wasn't sure how she was going to get free. She groaned, leaning against the cool stone wall, scarcely noticing the heavy fragrance from the wisteria behind her head, crushed against the wall. What was she going to do? Scowling, she folded her arms over her chest, tapping one finger against her mouth. Elanor was not going to believe that Haldir loved her if she saw them together. The humiliating truth was that he'd snubbed her when she had tried to flirt with him. He'd given her an amused look, lifted an eyebrow, and walked away, leaving her with his brother, Rúmil! To add to this, she'd seen the look he'd given Elanor that day in the courtyard two years ago. Lana had been standing on a nearby balcony, hoping to catch a glimpse of him before he left. She'd been looking particularly fetching, and she had hoped to make him sorry for treating her so badly. And then, Lana remembered angrily, and then he'd looked at Ellie in just the way she'd wanted him to look at her ! In fact, he had given Ellie more of his time in that one look than he'd given Lana the whole two weeks he'd been in Rivendell! Oooooh, it still made her furious, even now! And so the lie had begun. Lana couldn't let Elanor know that all the stories she'd told her were lies. Elanor loved her, and thought the sun rose and set on her dear little sister, as she rightly should. Lana considered herself one of the most beautiful elf-maidens in Rivendell, quite as lovely as Arwen Evenstar herself, in fact. Haldir should have loved her. And he should not have looked at Ellie. It was all wrong. Quite wrong. Elanor was merely pretty, and she was serious and quiet and not at all flirtatious. Males didn't notice her, as a rule, at least not while Lana was around. Lana rose, kicking at the flowers near the bench, uncaring of her sister's labor. What was she going to do? She must find a way out of this, a way that did not make her look like a fool. And quickly. Elanor might believe the stories, but she also had good eyes, and caught the nuances and subtle looks all too well. All at once, Lana's eyes grew wide as a plan came to her, and a tiny smile curved her lips. Of course! Of course! Lana whirled about the garden, suddenly conscious of the flowers that she had trampled. She knelt down and picked one up, one whose petals already drooped in despair. She would be the wilted flower. She would droop with despair, and make Haldir look like a complete scoundrel. People might feel sorry for her, but at least Elanor would not know about the lies. Lana threw down the flower and resumed her humming while she mulled over her plan. First, she would give him one last chance. x Haldir stood at the window of his assigned quarters, gazing out at the pleasing view of the river and the joyous tumble of a nearby waterfall. He did not normally attend such events as Arwen Evenstar's birthday celebrations. He and some of his wardens accompanied the Lord and Lady of Lórien whenever they traveled from Lothlórien to Rivendell in order to give them additional protection, something he felt to be his duty. They did not come every year; indeed it had been two years since last they had made the journey. He turned from the window with a sigh. The only reason he intended to attend tonight was because he had encountered Arwen herself unexpectedly, and she had expressly invited him. It would have been undiplomatic and churlish to refuse, even though he would have preferred to explore the gardens and pathways of Rivendell instead. The only consolation he could think of was that he might be fortunate enough to come across