Title: The Hunt Author: Julie Rated: M Characters: Haldir/OFC Warning: Sex and lust. Some roughness. Euphemisms used. No crass language. Disclaimer: I don't own Haldir, darn it, but Altariel is mine. Haldir,Lothlórien and Middle Earth belong to the Tolkien estate. A/N: Non-canon/A.U. treatment of elves. Hopefully fun to read anyway. Special thanks and kudos to Fianna for her feedback and assistance and for cracking the whip over me. Part 1 The Hunt was tonight. For so long she had dreamed of this. Only once every few hundred years did it happen, when the stars, moon and sun all slipped into a distinctive alignment that had a singular effect upon the Silvan Elves in Middle Earth. No one knew why, but it had started long ago and well before the First Age, during a time when the clan of the Teleri fell away from the Great Journey. What caused it was a mystery that no one had ever solved. Some said it was the water, some said it was the Valar. There were a host of whispered theories, but none had ever been verified. In fact, the whole odd thing had in general gone unrecorded in the various elvish histories, perhaps due to embarrassment or perhaps because of natural elvish reticence. The few existing references to it were so oblique that the uninformed would never understand them. But everyone knew. Every Silvan elf felt it, even those who were bonded, but the males felt it in particular, and unbonded males most of all. The Urge. Also known as the Call. Altariel shivered with excitement. At last! Her first hunt! She had been of age during the last hunt, but she had chosen not to go. She hadn't felt ready, and had lacked the courage and confidence. She'd regretted it later, profoundly, and had spent many long years since then berating herself for her cowardly decision. Things were different now—she was stronger, wiser, braver. And all these years of dreaming had solidified her determination to participate in the next hunt. Dreaming of the hunt as she so often did, Altariel made her way along a narrow path, her mind filled with images of what might happen and with whom. Who would come for her? Various faces flitted through her head, and one in particular filled her with such nervous anticipation that she could barely breathe, barely think beyond the image of his bold, handsome face. But would it be he? Or some other? "Altariel," one of her friends called softly from nearby. Startled, Altariel turned, hesitated, and then went to join Celeth, who was seated on a delicately carved bench in a nearby arbor. "Well? Will you go tonight?" Celeth's blue eyes were wide and inquisitive. Altariel thought for a moment. It was a highly personal question, one she was not sure she wished to discuss with anyone. Not everyone chose to take part in such things; some considered themselves too civilized, while others took part, but did not speak of it. "I am not sure," Altariel replied warily. "Will you?" "Oh no! No, I don't think so." Celeth seemed almost shocked by the question, although she had asked Altariel the same. "I'm not ready for such things. Perhaps someday." Altariel lifted her brows. "Are you afraid?" Celeth bit her lip. "It just seems so uncultured and rough. There are other ways." "I see," Altariel said, "and I understand." She supposed she did understand, for when the time had come for the last hunt, she had had similar reservations. All that had changed; now she found the idea of the hunt unbearably exciting and enormously inviting. Each night she lay in her bed, stirred by her imaginings and dreaming her dreams, and wondering—always wondering—who it would be, and how it would be, and how she would feel afterward. Taking leave of Celeth, Altariel turned away, reluctant to explain her thoughts to her friend, or in fact to anyone. She had not spoken of this even to her mother; it was simply not the sort of thing they would speak of, and if it happened, well, she would decide later what to say. She walked slowly along the path until she came to the steps that would lead to her talan, excitement coursing through the pathways of her body. Her thoughts drifting, she began to ascend the winding stairways, but within moments she felt that she was being watched, and knew an urge to look back over her shoulder. A group of ellyn gathered below in a clearing visible from where she stood. Tall, silver-haired and strong, they were all wardens . . . and all unbonded, as many wardens were. Did they speak of the hunt? She knew without being told that it was what had drawn them together at this time, in that particular place. She wanted to stare at them, yet when one or two of them glanced up and stared back, she felt oddly self-conscious. Someone must have spoken, for collectively four of the five turned to look at her, almost as a unit. Even from this distance she could feel their gazes—hot, speculative, and questioning. She knew their question. Would she be one of them? Would she be out there tonight? Would they? She gazed at them for a long moment, noting who was in the group. Nóruion, she could see, as well as Rúmil and Garavon. The fourth looked like Converen, although Rúmil was blocking her view of him. The fifth was the only one who did not turn and look, but she knew those shoulders and that stance. If he turned and looked her way now, Altariel was not sure how she would be able to maintain her composure. As it was, she could only nod coolly, then turn and walk away. She climbed the remaining steps, not knowing if they still watched, but reluctant to reveal her interest by looking back again. And yet, in the end, she did. He was gazing straight at her this time, drilling her with his gaze. His face revealed little, but on the inside, was he wondering, speculating, perhaps imagining as she imagined? Perhaps not. Perhaps he was as cool and aloof as he so often seemed. They were acquainted and they had spoken, but they were hardly friends. She knew little of what went on in his mind, his days, or his life. Could he be the one? And would she be disappointed if he was not? If she went tonight, she would know for certain. Perhaps. It was conceivable that no one would come for her, that the one she sought was simply not in Lórien. Perhaps that was really what had stopped her last time, the idea that she would not find him, that he would not come for her for whatever reason. The thought of returning to her talan, shattered and disappointed, alone and unsought, had been too much to bear. But this time she was prepared to take that risk. One night to find out. Tonight. xxx He had waited to turn to look at her, and then he had watched her climb the stairs, transfixed by the tantalizing sway of her hips. His detachment was fast escaping him, he noted, as he fought the erotic images swirling in his head. At this moment any female aroused his interest, but it would be fair to say that Altariel interested him more than most, although he knew that could very well change once the sun went down. He had lived through many hunts. Only once had he participated—the last hunt, in fact—and that single hunt had for him been an unequivocal disaster. The memory still pained him when he allowed himself to think about it, which was almost never. Prior to that, he had always forced himself to resist the inexorable pull, several times resorting to lashing himself to some immovable object and tossing away his knife until someone—one of his brothers, usually—found him the next morning and set him free, rebuking him for his stubbornness. He'd wanted to prove to himself that he was stronger than the primitive urges in his blood, but instead, with every hunt that came and went, he'd found it increasingly harder to resist. The call had tormented him, the unrelenting frustration and need to surrender to it driving him almost to the brink of madness. And so here he stood with the others, knowing that he would go. Rúmil would also go; he was one of the few who ever spoke of it. Rúmil went every time, exulting in the thrill of the chase with Tûriel, whom he had met on his very first hunt. Orophin and Delwen had also met on a hunt; they were long bonded, but even they might well decide to indulge. He had come to believe that many found it enjoyable; they simply did not talk about it. Memories of the last hunt hurtled through his head, and for a moment he relived the emotions he had felt. Why would he put himself through that again? Why would he take the risk? The answer thrummed in his blood. Aye, he would go. Against his better judgment he would try again, hoping that this time the one he sought would be out there somewhere. The sun was not even down, and already he could feel the first subtle tendrils of the call reverberating through his body. He shuddered inwardly, knowing full well that the call was strongest for unbonded males, and strongest of all for those who resisted. He had learned that the hard way. xxx An hour before sunset, Altariel slipped on the gown she had saved for this occasion. She had no idea what others might wear, but she couldn't imagine wearing a tunic and leggings, even though they might be more practical in some regard. No, she could run very well in a gown; that was not a concern. It was of far more importance to feel alluring and seductive and strong. It would give her confidence, and truth to tell, right now she was nervous in a way that she had not been a few hours ago. The gown was perfect. A soft grey, the fabric was delicate yet strong enough not to tear on thorns. Its weave was tight, the threads so gossamer thin that she almost felt naked, which indeed she was beneath the gown. With its low neckline, it had to be the most provocative thing she had ever worn. She turned sideways, admiring the way it clung to her body, blatantly outlining the curves of her contours. If she stood in bright light, it would be too revealing, but in the dark of the forest, it would help her blend into the shadows. Soft leather shoes completed her outfit, but she wasn't done yet. She strapped a knife to the inside of her thigh, another to her hip, and a third to her left calf. She then braided her long hair in the way of the wardens so that the long side pieces would not hinder her sight. Returning to her mirror, she noticed a smoldering blaze lighting the depths of her blue eyes. Apparently the urge was already creeping into her, heightening her anticipation of what was to come. As sunset drew nigh, she pulled on a dark cloak to hide her gown and her face, and left her talan. Everyone would stay inside tonight to give privacy to those who slipped quietly out of the city and into the woods. Her heart pounding, she covered her hair with the cloak's hood and kept her head down, seeking neither to see or be seen, although she could sense that others were also leaving the city. She did not look at them or seek their identities, respecting their privacy as they respected hers. At last she stepped into the forest, walking until she came to a familiar spot, one she could easily find later. Shivering with exhilaration,