Title: Once More (sequel to The Hunt) Author: Julie Characters: Haldir/Altariel (OFC), Rúmil Disclaimer: Altariel is mine; the rest belongs to the Tolkien estate. No moneybeing made here. Just for fun. Summary: Altariel seeks to rectify a decision she regrets. IMPORTANT NOTE: My story "The Hunt" really should be read first. This one will make little sense otherwise. A/N: None of my stories are canon. However, I have used the canon term 'fëa' in a way that is hopefully plausible, or at least enjoyable to read. Fëa is the "spirit" or "soul" of an elf. Fëar is the plural of fëa. Both words are Quenya. Dedication: For Eleanor, who requested more Haldir hotness. xxx She had not lain with him since the night of the Hunt. As dusk rolled gradually into night, Altariel shifted on her bed, the sheet twisted around her bare legs from all her restless tossing and turning. Never in her life had she been so miserable or bereft. She missed and loved Haldir terribly. Now that she had found him, felt his touch and his kiss, he was all she could think about. Her body ached for him; her arms yearned to enfold him once more. She longed to hear his deep voice, to feel the caress of his lips whispering across her skin. She hungered to run her hands over his well-toned flesh, to feel the heavy press of his body upon hers. For months it had been like this—months in which she had not been with him. Indeed in all this time she had hardly even seen him or spoken with him. The fault was not wholly hers; after all, he had his duty at the Fences. He was there at this moment, far away from her. But even when he'd been here in the city, things had been no different . . . and that was her fault entirely. She was such a fool. Groaning softly, Altariel rolled to her side and buried her face in her pillow. Fool, fool, fool. All he'd asked for was courage, she reflected guiltily. Why could she not have given him that? For a single night she had been so bold, so brazen, so daring. Where had all that boldness gone? Was it not still a part of her? Where had it gone? The wild and sensual memories of that one night with him haunted and burned her, but they were private and personal. She had tried to explain to him that she could not bear to have people speculating about how they had found each other. To be together so soon after the Hunt would mean that everyone would know, or at least assume, the manner of their meeting. It would be so obvious, so blatant to all. No one would speak of it, but they would know. The thought had embarrassed her greatly. Let us wait, she had begged him. Let us do this so gradually that no one will ever suspect, and then we will have our privacy. It had seemed so reasonable to her, but it had not been what he'd wanted. He had been resistant and angered, although he'd hidden his anger well. Nevertheless, in the end he had yielded to her pleading, albeit with unwillingness. At first she had been relieved, though it pained her to see him so displeased. However, with the passing of the weeks she had begun to wonder if she had been unwise. He had been polite and cool toward her, as before. He had not sought her out, just as he had never done so before the Hunt. Worse, she had seen him speaking with other ellith, ellith who flirted with him as they had done before. In turn, he flirted back, subtly . . . exactly as she had seen him do before. Yes, he had done as she asked. He had agreed to treat her no differently than he had treated her before they had found each other. He had agreed to go on with his life as if nothing had changed. And so he had done . . . much to her chagrin. She hated it. Even at this instant she could feel his fëa. Though they had not bonded, there was still a bond of sorts between them; that had not changed. Instead of a union of their fëar, his fëa and hers were coiled around each other in what amounted to a lover's embrace. It was both deliriously pleasurable and insanely frustrating. She could feel him right now, so close and yet so beyond her reach. And it was torture, every hour and every minute of each night and day. Did he feel it too? He must. How could he not? No one else knew or even suspected that she had gone on the Hunt. She had told no one about what she had done—not her mother, nor her father, nor even Celeth. But this knowledge offered no comfort at all. She stared out the large window beside her bed, gazing through the mighty branches at the stars. She thought about him, imagining the things he must do to protect his people. She envisioned him fighting terrible creatures, swinging his mighty sword or wielding his great bow, while she lay here, shivering and weak, doing nothing at all. He did not deserve such a coward, and yet destiny had paired them together. They were meant for each other, they both knew it. Did he suffer as she did? Elbereth, she had never wished him to suffer. She could not leave things as they were. Tormented by such thoughts, she sat up abruptly, unable to bear another moment of inaction. She had to DO something or she would go mad! But what? Leaping to her feet, she swiftly dressed and left her talan. Outside, she stood silent, her heart beating so hard she thought it a wonder it did not wake anyone nearby who was enjoying a restful reverie. Her hands clenched and unclenched with frustration. What was she going to do? And then she knew. She spun on her heel and reentered her home to collect her knives. xxx Ignoring the curious sentinels who guarded the city gates, she left Caras Galadhon behind her and headed into the woods. If Haldir could track her, why then she could track him. She would use their link to find him, and they would straighten out this matter. She left her fëa exactly as it was, entwined with his, afraid that if she shifted it, she would somehow alert him to her plan. He would disapprove, of that she had no doubt, but she had important things to say to him that could not wait. Once said, she was sure those words should please him greatly. He would then forgive her for doing what he had warned her never to do. To follow him out to the borders of their land. Under the cover of trees, away from the prying eyes of the sentinels, she paused and closed her eyes. She turned this way and that, evaluating carefully, and then she knew which way to head. He was at the Northern Fences. She set out with determination, knowing she had many hours of travel before her. She did not even know if she would reach him before daybreak, but no matter. The important thing was to reach him, for she could bear their separation no longer. She broke into an easy run, just as she had done the night of the Hunt. Two hours later, slightly winded, she slowed to a walk, but for no more than a few minutes. Almost immediately she ran again, keeping her attention on where she felt he was, as well as on the forest around her. She did not fear the dark or night predators who hunted there, for she was an elf. The only things she feared were Orcs, and they would never find their way this deep into Lothlórien. Haldir and his wardens would never allow it. Yet she was watchful. Hours passed. Altariel knew almost no fatigue, for excitement drove her on, the anticipation of being with Haldir again enough to dispel any weariness she might have felt. Now that she was finally taking action, doing something to resolve this unbearable situation of her own making, her spirits felt renewed. She was joyful again, hopeful and exhilarated. She imagined his face when she told him of her change of heart. He would be so thrilled to see her! At length she slowed her pace, pausing long enough to gauge his location more precisely. She had no idea how she knew where he was; she simply knew. She had been able to hone in on him like this ever since the night of the Hunt. The night was just beginning to fade when she realized she was near the border. Faint color streaked the sky, announcing that Anor had woken. It was then that she heard the sounds. Distant shouts came to her ears, sounds that were unfamiliar to her, but which filled her with unease. She hesitated, testing her connection with Haldir, and found it unaltered and strong. He was very near, and he was safe. Thank Elbereth! Unsheathing one of her knives, she started forward at a purposeful pace, following the sounds of what she was convinced was a battle. She rounded the trunk of a large tree and eased through some brush, her knife at the ready. And then she froze. Not ten paces before her was an Orc, the first she had ever seen. Its red eyes were looking straight at her. Everything happened at once. The twang of a bow, swiftly followed by the thud of an arrow sinking into the Orc's chest, told her she had company. Then Haldir dropped to the ground right in front of her and seized hold of her arm. With a low curse he thrust her behind him, his guarded gaze turned in the direction of the threat. In a state of shock, Altariel opened her mouth, but before she could protest, he was shoving her ungently toward the nearest tree. "Climb," he snapped. "Get up to the flet and stay there!" He whirled away, casting aside his bow as another Orc crashed through the underbrush, heading directly toward them with its weapon raised. Horrified, Altariel did not move. Haldir's quiver was empty and he was drawing his sword, but Altariel's instinct took over. Without thought, she lifted her knife and threw it, sending it deep into the Orc's chest before Haldir could slay it. The Orc dropped like a rock. Haldir spun toward her, his face and demeanor furious. "Climb!" he snarled, in a harsh, lashing voice she had never heard him use. Altariel climbed. xxx Holding another of her knives, she huddled alone on the flet for some minutes before he arrived. He leaped agilely through the center hole, and stalked over to where she crouched, watching him warily. His face was tight, his expression displaying no hint of gentleness or warmth. This was the Marchwarden, the intimidating and imposing leader rather than the tender and passionate lover she remembered. Uncertain, she shrank from him. He did not speak. Instead, he went to a small chest set against the trunk of the tree. Opening it, he withdrew something she could not see, and when he turned, she gasped with dismay at what he held. "Haldir, what do you intend?" He seized her wrists and pulled them behind her. "I cannot risk your safety so I will do what I must to ensure you stay here. I do not trust you to do as I say." Ignoring her protests, he bound her hands, tying the other end of the hithlain to a branch in a way that guaranteed she could not escape. "Haldir!" she protested in genuine shock. She was even more shocked when his hands slid under her gown and up her legs.