You Need To Trust Me Chapter One "New Friends" Summary: After Breaking Dawn...The Cullens lost a family member in the "fight" against the Volturi. Rosalie. It's been ten years since her death and everyone is just finally going back to normal. They move to Midnight Creek, Montana, where it's rarely sunny, and start attending the local high school. Emmett finds himself just trying to get through the days and nights when he mights Delilah Roberts. A pretty cowgirl who's goal in life is to never trust anyone again after what happened to her. Delilah is a girl from Texas, who's attending the local high school. Delilah also finds a friend in a certain someone. Delilah Pov-September 7th, 12pm I sighed in relief as the bell rang, ending my French class. I was so ready to get to lunch, which meant, I was only two hours away from being out of school and back to the ranch. I walked alone since I hadn't made many friends since I started living in Midnight Creek, but then again, it was more of my fault then anyone else's. I talked to a couple people but I couldn't let myself get close to anyone not after—stop! I yelled at myself, stopping my thoughts immediately as I entered the cafeteria. I wondered randomly, if I would see the new kids everyone had been talking about in classes today. The Cullens, The Hales and The Blacks. The new hospital's doctor's family, all siblings, though apparently they were all adopted. From what people were saying they all had very good looks and expensive clothes. Good luck fitting in around here with that . I laughed to myself. Around here, people were about John Deere, wrangler jeans and cowboy boots. The highlight of life was the Rodeo season. Not much exciting things to do around here—well if you weren't like everyone else here, including me, and loved horses and country life—but if you did, then you would love it here. I hadn't been paying attention to the real world, so when I ran into someone, it caught me way by surprise. I gasped as I felt cold water splash on my shirt and when I slipped and someone fell on top of me. "Oh my God! I'm so sorry." A musical voice apologized. I looked up to see a girl who looked to be my age with curly bronze colored hair and chocolate brown eyes that were apologetic. "It's okay." I stammered out. She must be one of the Cullens, I thought. The girl held out her hand and helped me up. "Are you alright?" She asked. "I'm fine, thanks for helping me up." I smiled. "I'm really sorry." The girl apologized again. I shook my head. "It's my fault. Really. I should have been paying attention to where I was going and then I wouldn't of ran into you." "Your shirt is all wet." The girl stated. I shrugged. "It's no big deal. I'll just grab a shirt out of my truck. Honestly, it's all okay." The girl smiled at me. "My name's Renesmee Cullen. Known better as Nessie." I stuck my hand out for her to shake. "Delilah Roberts. Nice to meet you Nessie." We shook hands and she grimaced. "This is so not the way I wanted my first day to go in school." I laughed. "It's fine. Really. On my first day here, I tripped over my shoes and fell flat on my face in front of the whole school. People still talk about it." Nessie giggled. "Well okay, that does sound more embarrassing than what just happened. Thanks." "No problem." I said, the girl looked back at a table where her family, I assumed, was sitting. "I'd better get back to my family." I nodded and she walked away. I sat down at my usual table by the windows, alone. I didn't bother to grab my lunch that was in my backpack, instead I let myself drift off into my thoughts. …... Emmett Pov(Lunch time) I sighed as we sat in the lunch room of the new school we were attending. Another town, another school. The same things over and over again. Nothing lately had made me feel anything besides sadness and emptiness, well for the past ten years actually. Ever since that stupid fight with the Volturi. I cringed at the memory. I saw Jasper eye me and I wonder what he was feeling from me. I felt a wave of calmness towards me and I let Jasper do it, because Jasper had kept me halfway sane since Rose died ten years ago. I felt intense grief when I thought of my dead wife, I thought of how we were sure everything was gonna be okay in the end, that we weren't going to lose any of our family. We were wrong. A few seconds was all it took for Rose to die. To be killed. Why my family held me back, I'll never know why. Why couldn't I just die along with Rose that day? I sighed, it did no good thinking about it. I looked around the table at my siblings and Jacob Black. All of them still had their true love, their partner with them, even Jacob who was with my niece, Nessie. Who wasn't at the table with us, I saw Bella and Jacob looked around, panicked for a moment but Edward looked calm. Nessie must be talking to him mentally. I caught sight of Nessie and her curly bronze colored hair that matched Edward's, walking out of the lunch line. It seemed she was really paying attention to us and not where she was going, for a second later a blonde haired girl ran into her and I saw Nessie's water pour all over the girl's shirt and I heard the girl's gasp as she slipped and Nessie fell on top of her. Only then did I feel something different. I was halfway between amused and scared. Amused because, sometimes, Nessie was as clumsy as Bella had been, scared because I didn't know how this girl would act towards Nessie and we were all a bit protective of her since it was her first year of real high school. "Oh my God! I'm so sorry." I heard Nessie apologize to the girl. I watched Bella grab Jacob's arm to keep him from going to Nessie. Nessie could handle herself. "It's okay." The girl stammered out. Nessie held out her hand and helped the girl up. "Are you alright?" Nessie asked. "I'm fine, thanks for helping me up." The girl smiled at Nessie. "I'm really sorry." Nessie apologized again and I shook my head. She was so Bella's daughter. I hear Edward chuckle, probably at my thoughts. The girl shook her head. "It's my fault. Really. I should have been paying attention to where I was going and then I wouldn't of ran into you." "Your shirt is all wet." Nessie stated and the girl's shirt was really wet from the water. The girl shrugged. "It's no big deal. I'll just grab a shirt out of my truck. Honestly, it's all okay." Nessie smiled at her. "My name's Renesmee Cullen. Known better as Nessie." The girl stuck her hand out for Nessie to shake and I was glad Nessie didn't have the cold touch we did. "Delilah Roberts. Nice to meet you Nessie." They shook hands and Nessie grimaced. "This is so not the way I wanted my first day to go in school." Delilah laughed. "It's fine. Really. On my first day here, I tripped over my shoes and fell flat on my face in front of the whole school. People still talk about it." Nessie giggled. "Well okay, that does sound more embarrassing than what just happened. Thanks." "No problem." Delilah said, Nessie looked over at us. We were all watching her and the girl. "I'd better get back to my family." Nessie said and Delilah nodded. Nessie then started walking to our table. I switched my eyes over to Delilah Roberts, who sat down by herself by the windows. I watched her as she just sat there looking to be another world away. Something seemed familiar about her...but of course I didn't know her so she couldn't be familiar. "Rose would used to curl her hair that way." Edward spoke quietly to me, knowing I was thinking of Rose and hearing my last thought. I sucked in a breath. Edward was right, her curls reminded me of Rose's. It hurt to think about it and I could feel my other siblings eyes on Edward and I, wondering what I had been thinking about. I watched as they followed Edward's gaze to Delilah Roberts and back to me. Jasper was probably testing the air around me, seeing how I felt. Bella was looking at my with sympathy and I had to look away. I couldn't take it when they did that to me, I know they all care about me but I don't want to be pitied . I looked again over at Delilah and then quickly looked away, how was I supposed to keep Rose off my mind with her here? …... Delilah Pov(still lunch time) I was pulled out of my thoughts by feeling someone's eyes on me. I looked up and saw one of the Cullens staring at me, it was the bigger guy, with the brown curly hair that looked like a body builder, kind of. I noticed the pained look on his face before he looked away from me, back to his family. I wondered, what could he possibly be upset about? I looked away and got up, leaving the cafeteria. I still had to grab a shirt out of my truck anyways. I found my 1995 blue ford f-150 in the parking lot and opened the passenger side door. I grabbed a shirt off the seat and shut the door, as I was heading back I saw three of the Cullens outside, walking. Two of the were the older Cullen boys, one of them being the one who had stared at me and the other one had semi long honey blonde hair and had his arm around a short girl with spiky black hair. I was only two feet away from them when the girl turned to me and smiled. "Hi!" "Hi." I said shyly back with a smile. The boy with the honey blonde hair gave me a warm smile as he passed me and the boy with the curly brown hair didn't even look at me. A little while later, as I sat in History, I thought of the boy with the curly brown hair. He was scary in a way, but he was definitely cute. Well more than cute, he was amazingly handsome. "Hey again!" A musical voice interrupted my thoughts. I looked up to see Nessie Cullen sitting in the chair in front of me. I blushed as I remembered I had just been thinking about how cute her brother was. How embarrassing. "Hey." I smiled at her. "Do you want to be partners?" Nessie asked and my eyebrows came together in confusion. "Wait—what was the assignment? What are we supposed to be doing?" I said, half-panicking. I really hadn't been paying attention. Nessie chuckled. "I thought you weren't paying attention. So I thought I should ask you to be partners with me so you would know what's happening and because you're the only nice person I've met today." I laughed with her. "Thanks, Nessie." I paused. "Wait, I'm the first nice person you've met all day?" Nessie hesitated. "Well you're the first person I've really met today. I'm actually really shy most of the time." I smiled at her. "Me too, no worries. So now what are we supposed to do?" I asked. "We're supposed to research a topic of choice and then next week we're supposed to present it in front of the class." Nessie