Prologue "Bella Swan?" the nurse called. Two years ago. It was over two years ago that I'd first been hospitalized for psychosis. It was six months later that I was officially diagnosed with schizophrenia. It isn't really how everyone thinks it is; at least not for me. Very rarely do you break out into that hysterical panic and violence that you see in movies. Some people don't have that at all. No, the part that got to me was the constant stress. You hear or see things that aren't there, and sometimes you don't even know what's real or not. Sometimes I could hide it. At the beginning I definitely could, but eventually you break, because it just wears on you constantly, like sandpaper on bare skin. The medication helps, but it makes you feel like crap. Every three months I had to come to this cramped little office, the kind that they leased out for any old business, to see my psychiatrist. The pasty yellow walls were decorated with those plastic stick-on cartoons: dogs and cats, mostly, and a single My Little Pony sticker that was faded and peeling. There were never more than three people waiting at a given time, but the doctor was still always behind schedule. My appointment was for ten in the morning. It was almost twelve. I was seeing him a few weeks early, though, because I couldn't stand it anymore. High school was just too much. I would forever be that girl , or more like that crazy freak of a girl . My first breakdown happened during lunch in December of my freshman year, right before finals. When I returned to school weeks later, people avoided me like the plague, unless they were trying to trip me or flip my food tray over. Now, even the freshmen and sophomores joined in, for no reason other than the fact that everyone else did it. "Bella, they called you," Renee said, pushing my shoulder gently. "Ah...oh." I rubbed my eyes and got up with Renee. "Hello Miss Swan, how have you been?" the nurse asked with a smile as she led us through to the doctor's office. "Oh, you know…" I mumbled. I never knew what to say to her. She was always cheerful, but in a kind of creepy way. When we arrived at Dr. Lenner's office, she stopped and opened the door for us, shooing us in. "Alright, well I'll see you in a bit." She waved and closed the door behind us. We sat down in the stiff wooden chairs in front of Dr. Lenner's desk. He was tall, lanky, and just barely starting to go grey at his temples. He ignored us at first, as always, instead shuffling papers around on his desk. After about a minute, he pulled open a drawer and took out my file, then finally looked up. "Alright. So, Bella, you're seeing me early." His voice was calm and deep. "How are things going? Are you still taking your medication properly?" He glanced at Renee. She nodded. I sighed. He always asked that question. "I've been taking them properly for the last year." It was a fair question, I guess, considering I'd tried to stop taking them twice before. I hated the way they made me feel. I was always tired, and my mind felt slow and fuzzy. As I'd found out, though, even if they didn't get rid of my symptoms completely, I was doing a hell of a lot better with them than without them. Both times I had to be taken to the psych ward for two weeks of close monitoring. Dr. Lenner nodded. "I always have to ask, Bella, you know that. So what brings you in today? Your regular check-up isn't until two weeks from now. What's going on?" I shared a look with Renee. "Well," I started, "I...I decided I want to go live with my dad. I need your approval to switch psychiatrists." He raised an eyebrow. "What brought...this...on…" His voice faded. " Who's a pretty kitty? Who's a pretty kitty? You are! Yes, you are! Come to mama…" " Ugh, I hate this beach, there's always trash everywhere. I don't get…" The snake slithered across the floor and up my chair, and started to coil around me... "Bella?" I snapped back to face Dr. Lenner. "Still having hallucinations, I see." He made a small note on my file. "Have those been stable since we last visited?" " Do you really think we're hallucinations? Ha!" "Yes," I said. "About the same." He nodded. "Bella, I don't think it's a good idea to make such a drastic change while you're still recovering. What made you decide on this? Renee, what do you think?" I answered first. "School," I said quietly. "School is too much. Everyone remembers what happened, and I just can't take it anymore. I know I'll be weird and creepy wherever I transfer, but at least they won't remember what I did." I glanced at Renee, who was frowning at my choice of words. "Mom's also getting married, and I want her to be able to travel with Phil. She can't exactly take me with her everywhere." I kept quiet about the other reason I wanted to move. All of that should have been enough, I guess, but I didn't make up my mind until recently. I had this...compulsion. It was different from when the voices spoke, or when I saw things. It was deeper and less menacing, but still powerful. I needed to go somewhere else, and not just anywhere else—I needed to go to Forks. Maybe I just wanted to get to know Charlie more, but I felt like there was something I had to do there. I knew better than to mention this though, or Dr. Lenner would give me another lecture about not giving in to my delusions. "Renee?" "Well, I can't exactly argue with what she's saying," she said resignedly. "I don't care about the traveling part. Phil's been traveling since we started dating and we've made it work, but I can't deny that she's being treated horribly at school. I've seen the way they look at her when I pick her up, and I don't want her to be going through that. Maybe a switch would help." "Besides," I added, a bit more forcefully, "I've been recovering for two years. I can't keep myself from doing new things forever." "Ah." He surprised me by smiling broadly. "What you just said then, Bella—that's what I want to hear. That's what I always like to hear from a patient." He took a deep breath, then nodded to himself. "Well, it looks like you've made up your mind, and I won't keep you against your will." He ripped off a sheet of paper from his notebook and started scribbling on it, then stuck it in my file. "Let's go to the front desk, and I'll get Wendy to start sorting things out for you." He opened the door and led us out. Well, that was a short visit. We walked up to the reception desk. "Next appointment?" Wendy asked, but Renee shook her head. "Actually, no," Dr. Lenner said. "Help these two ladies search for a psychiatrist in—Forks, was it? Forks, Washington. I'm not familiar with any practitioners up there, so they'll have to choose whoever is most convenient for them. Alright?" He turned to Renee. "Wendy's going to help set you all up. Once you decide on someone, she'll contact him for me, and then I'll have you fill out some paperwork. Everything should be said and done within a few days." He reached out a hand to me, and I shook it. "Alright Bella. I'm going to miss you. In case I don't get to see you before you move, make sure to call and say hi every once in a while!" I gave him a weak smile as he turned away to go back to his office. "Okay, so there's no private practitioner in Forks that I can see, but there is a psychiatrist at the local hospital," said Wendy. "Would you be willing to try that out, and see how it goes?" I shivered. At a hospital? I'd had enough of hospitals to last a lifetime. Renee seemed to catch on. "Can you see if there's another one nearby?" Wendy shook her head. "The nearest I can find is in Port Angeles, but that's an hour trip, isn't it?" Renee opened her mouth again, but I steeled myself and said, "No, I'll see the one in Forks." She looked at me in surprise. "I've got to adapt, right?" I said, although my voice wasn't quite convincing. I shuffled my feet. "I don't want to make a big deal out of seeing the doctor anyway. A two hour round-trip is kinda…" Renee nodded. "Okay. Wendy, what's his name?" "Oh, it's a she; Doctor Allyson Foller. I'll send her a fax immediately. Is that all? Did he give you any new refills?" "Actually, that'll be all," Renee said... " Watch out! Get out of the way! Oh god, no!" The beetles skittered out from below the counter, crawling everywhere... " Bella?" "Bella? It's time to go," Renee said. I jumped slightly, my heart beating faster than normal. No beetles. I looked at Wendy and Renee, and gave a weak, fake smile. Neither of them said anything. They were used to it by now. Two years ago What was wrong with me? I was beginning to hear the voices more frequently, and it was getting hard to distinguish exactly when they started and when they stopped. Sometimes I heard only snippets of conversations, or warbling, or horrible things like yelling and screaming. It was getting to be too much. Sometimes I was paranoid that they'd hear me back, even though there was no reason to think so. Were they watching me? "Hey, Bella." A male voice interrupted my thoughts, and I jerked violently. I looked up from my food to see Andy Walken, a blond sophomore with an unusually delicate face, next to me. I hadn't even felt him sit down. Cindy Walken, his twin sister, sat down to my left and promptly buried her nose in a book. "H-hey," I said timidly. They were some of the few students who still showed interest in me, as I continued to separate myself from everyone else. "Fancy seeing you here." He waved out at the crowded and noisy cafeteria. "Did you miss the lovely 'choice selections'?" He grinned and looked meaningfully at my dry and tasteless macaroni and cheese. I cracked a smile. "It's not that bad." He raised his eyebrow, and I heard Cindy snort. "Okay, it is that bad. That's not why I haven't been eating here, though." Or eating at all. "I've just been...stressed out. Exams are coming up, and I've got to be prepared." "Oh, don't worry about it. I'm sure you'll do fine. I see you studying in the library all the time after school. You should take a break, actually; there's only so much you can prepare." His smile shrank a little, and he gave me a more studying look. "So where have you been eating? Are freshmen allowed to leave campus for lunch?" My eyes widened. Clearly this was the reason he'd come over to talk. "Ah...well, no, but usually I just eat in a classroom." This was true, although it wasn't as frequent as I made it out to be. "I just forgot my lunch today." "In a classroom?" he asked incredulously. "Why? I spend enough time there during class, there's no way I'm eating lunch in one." "I don't—there's...too many people. I just..." My voice grew quiet. He leaned in to get a closer look at me, and I looked down to avoid his eyes. "You've been looking really tired lately. Are you getting enough sleep? I mean, I know the first year of high school