A/N: Not-so-quick story that's a tad unusual compared to the norm, I guess? It's about Percy and Chaos. Some people are probably a tad out of character but I had fun writing it anyways. By the way, thanks for reading! I hate to say something like "please enjoy!" because that sounds like I want positive reviews and think that it deserves it, so instead I'm asking you guys to review honestly on how I can improve my writing style. This means constructive criticism so you're allowed to do that! =) So, this was getting a bit long to be posted as one chapter so I'll keep posting a chapter maybe every week or something so it has a regular schedule. Anyways, here's a story XD. Perseus Jackson had a problem. It was a fairly large problem, given the fact that he was in chains before the entire Olympian council. You see, during the final fight with Phorphion on the Acropolis, the giant king Phorphion shouted out a few lines that would forever change the history of the world. (Flashback) "You foolish Olympians! You will never defeat the Earth Mother! There is so much you do not know!" boomed Phorphion, backing away from the fearsome duo of Jason and Zeus. "What do you mean?" shouted Zeus angrily. Imstead of replying, Phorphion pressed harder, only to be driven back to the cliff side. Panting, the king of the Giants angrily spat out more words. "You will never defeat Gaea, even if you do defeat me!" He paused for breath. "The spy will make sure that the Earth Mother rises out of her slumber." "What spy?!" growled Zeus, his hand poised on the Master Bolt, ready to fire off the deadly blow. "A demigod, who will make sure the ancient stones are watered with their godly blood!" Phorphion laughed. "That demigod is Perseus Jackson!" His voice carried over the entire battle, causing everyone battling to freeze in place and stare at the now frightened looking son of Poseidon. The whole battalion of gods and Heros watched as a drop of red blood wandered down Percy's nose, ready to drop into the ground. Haha, Phorphion thought to himself. Unbeknownst to the enemy, his statement had been a lie. Poseidon's son was one of the most formidable enemies the Giants and Gaea would ever face, and he would never betray the gods. Was not his fatal flaw loyalty? Even if Phorphion himself was defeated, then Gaea would still be awakened, and the Gods would turn against their best hero. Before Phorphion could finish his thoughts, Zeus fired his lightning and zapped the giant into oblivion. "Sieze him!" cried Zeus angrily, pointing at the son of Poseidon now frantically backing away. Ares, Athena, and even Hermes all worked to restrain him. Grabbing him under the arms and dragging him away, Percy's nosebleed never got to land on the Acropolis, and Gaea was not awakened as the giant King had thought. (Flashback End) And thus, Percy found himself bound in chains on his wrists and ankles, standing before a hall of angry, hurt, and betrayed gods and goddesses. Worst of all, Annabeth was there, looking at him with disgust evident on her features. Percy bowed his head. There was absolutely no way out of this one. No matter how hard he pled his case, none of the gods would take his side, especially the most influential of the council, Athena and Apollo. Apollo, being the God of Truth, should have seen what had really happened, but he was so shocked and disgusted that he did not object to the punishment of the young hero. Athena had her own grudge against the son of Poseidon. She did not approve of his relationship with her daughter Annabeth, and though she knew that Percy was unlikely to betray anybody because of his fatal flaw, she did not speak up. Annabeth should've taken his side, especially since she knew all about his flaw, but her thoughts were clouded with betrayal and anger. The only immortals who seemed to question Percy's guilt were Hestia tending to her fire, Artemis who was frowning in her throne, and Poseidon, who's eyes glimmered with tears. Percy had given up hope; he was going to be painfully killed, then sentenced to the Fields of Punishment for all eternity. No matter how many times he presented his argument, he was always shut down, talked over, and generally disregarded as an enemy. "Any last words?" Zeus said, rising from his throne to send a deadly bolt of lightning down onto the young hero. "Please..." Percy was crying now. Even though he could not betray, the reality of what was coming had started to get to him. He was going to be betrayed by the ones he could not disregard himself. Zeus was merciless, and flung down the bolt. With a blinding flash of light, the hall erupted in the screams of the young demigod. The pain and agony was intense; Percy's body contorted violently before finally becoming still. The hall was silent in shock. Percy opened his eyes to find himself standing on a grassy field, surrounded by trees and bushes. Gazing into the night sky, he gasped. Brilliant patterns of stars gleamed in the heavens, more than could ever be seen on earth. Galaxies swirled this way and that; he seemed to be looking at the entire universe. Percy twisted and turned in amazement, before he was interrupted by the voice of a young woman. "I am sorry," the girl said. Percy turned on the spot and came face to face with a girl, maybe a head shorter than Percy, looking about sixteen years old. She had long, brown hair extending to her waist with enchanting brown eyes that twinkled golden in the light of the stars. She wore a simple white blouse with loose light blue jeans, and her countenance was one of weariness and regret. Even though she looked tired and exhausted, her voice was still melodic and pretty. "What?" Percy asked, still in a stupor over the magnificent environment. "The pain must have been immense," the mystery girl explained. Then she frowned. "I suppose I could have pulled you from there sooner, but then the gods would become extremely suspicious." "Oh." Percy realized she must've been talking about getting fried by Zeus's electricity, so he nodded. "I am sorry you had to go through that, Perseus," the girl repeated, trying for a smile. "Excuse me, but who are you? And, how do you know my name?" Percy asked, confused. The girl chuckled and answered. "My name is Chaos, the creator of the universe," she said. Percy's jaw dropped in surprise. "What?" asked Chaos innocently. "Is it my appearance?" Percy nodded shakily. "Yes, I thought you would look older," he said, making to bow. Lady Chaos raised her hand to stop him. "Please, don't," she sighed. "I don't need anyone here bowing to me." "Wait... there are other people here?" Percy kept firing off questions, still thoroughly confused. "No," Chaos shook her head. "You are the only one besides me. And you said you thought I would look older?" Percy nodded. Lady Chaos explained. "Well, this is actually my true form. When I came into existence, I was originally like what you see now. However, over the years I've tended to favor an adult appearance in order to meet some people's expectations of 'The Creator of the Universe.' Since you're the first person I've ever brought to my 'home' if you could call this that, I thought I'd make an exception. But, I can change my appearance if you'd like?" Percy's jaw dropped again, and he mumbled, "No, you're okay." Chaos smiled and said, "Alright, then." The two stood in silence for a while, gazing up at the galaxies and stars, until Percy steeled himself to ask a question. "Why am I here?" Percy asked. "I brought you here," Chaos replied simply. "But, why?" Percy kept asking. The Creator sighed. "You did not deserve the pain and loss you felt. I felt sorry for you, so I brought you here." "But you said I was the first person!" Percy exclaimed. "Yes, that is correct." "Well, why me?" "You are the most deserving. Your heart is pure, and you have suffered too much to protect those who you are loyal towards. I wanted to spare you from your treatment in the Underworld," she explained. "What do you mean deserving?" "You are the first person who I can have a discussion with as myself, and I need help." "Help with what?" Percy asked. Chaos sighed and frowned. "I need to tell you a story." Percy nodded. "Okay?..." "You're probably aware of this... but I created the universe. From nothing. First I made stars, then galaxies, then planets. I had fun, and everything was really pretty, as you can't imagine because you weren't around then." Percy frowned. "Well," Chaos continued, "To sum things up into one sentence, I got lonely. I selected a planet, and then attempted to form a new being, like myself, but I was only able to succeed in forming beings lesser than I was. You would know them as the Primodorals. I gave them each other's company, and assigned them to rule their respective places in the new world made for them. I mimicked my own place of origin; trees and grass were abundant. You know, I tried being friends with them, but they were really rotten people and found joy in the unhappiness of others. Then, the Primodorals did something I had not forseen: they produced offspring of their own. The Titans were proud and arrogant, much like their parents. I realized that none of them were equal to me in personality or mindset and were not people I could be myself with. So I let things play out. When the Gods were born, I was once again hopeful. But the result was horrific. I saw the first real war among my creations; suddenly, my whole perspective had been turned upside-down. The fact that living beings had the power to choose to be violent, and to choose to fight one another for conquest or glory utterly humiliated me. I wanted everyone to live in peace instead of fighting, so I saw it in my place to intervene. I briefly supported the gods; I figured that they were more fit to oversee the development of unique living things than the Titans were, and so I aided them in the war. The gods were victorious, so I withdrew and watched, occasionally reminding them of my presence. I watched as the gods kindled the spark of humanity, a new form of life that had limited options and time before being sent away to the Underworld. These human's lives were so brief, they were almost insignificant in my eyes; that is, until I realized their open-mindedness and potential. Over the years, the gods came to depend on humans, relying on them and mingling with them. But I had still not found someone worthy to assist me. The gods were not fit to be my equal, just as the Titans had not been. I realized that if anyone was going to be similar to me, then it would be a mortal. And so, I have waited. I have spent thousands of years waiting, biding my time, until someone arrived who I could talk to without worry." "Wait..." Percy frowned. Chaos gazed at Percy intently. "Me?" Percy gasped. Chaos nodded sincerely, her eyes sparkling. "How..." Percy stuttered. "You are literally the best person who has ever walked on the earth. You have a heart of gold; you would always protect your friends and, in some cases, even your enemies. Your fatal flaw is not one of hubris, or desire for power; rather, it is one of loyalty, which is hardly a bad thing." Percy was still in shock. "Am I talking too much?" Chaos asked, looking puzzled. "No," Percy