A/N: This is based in ~canon~ but doesn't really take much from The Hidden Oracle into account. If you're just here for Solangelo fluff, then you're in the right place. I'm Falling for You (Literally) Will Solace was positively sure of two things. 1. He was unwaveringly devoted to his boyfriend of nearly a year, Nico di Angelo. 2. Of all the demigods at Camp Half-Blood, the Aphrodite kids were not to be toyed with. It was a clear, blue-skied autumn afternoon. Dry leaves crunched softly underfoot as Will walked along the outskirts of the forest that usually constituted as part of the capture the flag playing field. It wasn't very like him to be alone, hunched under the shade of trees on a perfectly sunny day, but it had become a habit – an annoying habit – that he tended to take on when Nico was gone. Will walked with his hands bunched up in the pocket of his orange camp sweatshirt, hood pulled up over his blonde fly-away waves to protect his ears against the chill of the breeze, and it was quiet. A nice, solitary quiet, shared with rustle of trees and the last of the leaves shivering loose from their branches. Will wished he could feel as peaceful as the nature around him sounded. Instead, his gaze wandered to the shadows behind trees, the dark shelter of the rocks. Nico had been gone for only a week, and Will was pathetic. If it was summer and there were more kids at camp practicing archery, brandishing swords at one another, fooling around in the lake, fighting monsters and having eating contests, he would be preoccupied at the infirmary. He wouldn't give Nico's absence a second thought. Okay, maybe he'd give it a second thought. And a third. But he wouldn't be doing this. Unfortunately it was the off season, November, just before Thanksgiving, and there were far less campers around than there were during the summer months. Which meant less organized activities, less injuries, and more free time for Will. Nico was visiting Camp Jupiter. It was a trip he'd taken a few times over the last year since the war, and Will was always glad. Glad that Nico went out of his way to see his friends, glad that he'd come to realize that he not only had a home at one camp, but both. He had even taken Will with him on his last trip this past July. Now that was a great vacation, even if Reyna had eyed him like a hawk. "No funny moves, Sun Boy," she had said to him when they had arrived. "Too late, Nico's already seen me do the Macarena." Will smiled widely at her. Nico rolled his eyes. "Exactly why you should listen to her." A moment later he discreetly took Will's hand and squeezed his fingers briefly before he let go again, which took Will by surprise and happened so fast he almost wasn't sure it had happened. Nico was never inclined toward public displays of affection (especially in complete daylight). No one had noticed except Reyna, who caught Will's eye with a much softer expression, and Nico was already walking away to talk to Jason like nothing had happened. This time, however, Will wasn't entirely sure Nico had even planned on telling Will he was leaving. If Will hadn't gotten out of the infirmary earlier than he'd expected after Paulo broke his nose (for the fourth time in three months, mind you. Will was now exceptionally good at healing noses), and decided there was time for him to stop at the Hades cabin before dinner, Nico may well have just left without a word. When Nico opened the door, Will didn't think much of the reluctant expression on his face. "Hey there, Death Boy," he said cheerfully, leaning on the doorframe. "You. Me. Dinner?" Nico ignored his question. "I thought you were in the infirmary." "Paulo's good as new," Will said, holding up his hands. "I think I'm getting a knack for noses." "Oh." " Oh? " Will said, standing up straight and putting his hands on his hips. "I put all my energy into healing a poor boy's face, while preserving his good looks, I might add, and all I get is oh ?" Nico raised an eyebrow. "I knew you thought Paulo was hot," he said, and walked back into his cabin. "Hey!" Will followed him inside and letting the door fall shut behind him. "Hot's one thing, but if he was brooding, then you'd be in troub - are you going somewhere?" There was a tiny pile of clothes on Nico's bed, set beside a small black, warn backpack. Nico walked over to his bed, careful not to meet his eyes. "Yeah," he said, opening the backpack and putting some of his things inside. "I'm going to visit Camp Jupiter." Will stared at him. "What? Now?" Nico nodded. "But- aren't Hazel and Jason and Percy and everyone coming here next week? For Thanksgiving?" Will knew this wasn't something Nico had told him, and he'd forgotten. He never forgot what Nico told him. The problem was, Nico didn't always tell him everything. Nico nodded again. "I just have to go there first." Will raised his eyebrows. "Why?" "I need to talk to Hazel," Nico said, still not meeting his eyes. "So…you need to go all the way there? You can't wait a week?" Nico looked up and met his gaze. A piece of dark hair fell over his left eye, and Will fought the urge to step forward and brush it back. "Nope." "Why not?" "You ask a lot of questions." "Because you're being very vague." Nico dropped one last pair of socks into his bag and zipped it shut. "I just need to go." Those words, with all the lack emotion he'd said them with, felt like a brick dropping to the bottom of Will's stomach. " Away from you" might as well have been tacked on to the end of that sentence. It's what Will heard, anyway. It had taken a while for Nico to open himself up to Will, and Will was well aware there were many things Nico had yet to share about his past, his life, and the inner workings of his mind. That would come in time and, as far as Will was planning, many more years of dating. Still, sometimes he felt a bit wounded when Nico wouldn't explain something, when he retreated away from him in the way he seemed to be doing now. Nico looked up when he didn't say anything, and his expression softened, eyes a bit guilty. He swung his backpack over his shoulder and walked up to Will. "I'll be back in a week. I just need to spend some time with my sister." He paused. He stood up on the tips of his toes and pressed a kiss to Will's lips. When he pulled away, two rosy patches colored his cheeks. They'd been together nearly a year, but Will hoped Nico's reaction to their kisses would never go away. It made him feel a bit more relaxed. He smiled at Nico, and pressed another kiss to the soft hair draped over his forehead. "Be safe, okay?" Nico nodded, a smile flitting over his face, and then he was gone. So, Nico was supposed to be back today. After his walk around the forest, and then the entire camp, Will still felt restless. The afternoon was wearing on, and soon it would be dark much too early, an unfortunate side effect that came with the colder months. And Nico still wasn't back. He'd tried not to let Nico plague his mind that week, but it was difficult and bickering with Cecil, or Lou Ellen, or any of his siblings just wasn't the same. Mostly because no one had quite the brand of sass that the son of Hades had, and none of their stupid remarks made him want to kiss them. "Where have you been, man?" Austin said when Will made it to the dining pavilion. Will dropped down onto the bench beside him. "What's with the hood? Are you coping with Nico's absence by trying to morph into him?" Kayla snickered as Will pushed his hood back. "No, it's just cold," he said. "Hey, isn't he supposed to be back today?" Kayla said. "With all the Romans and Percy Jackson? They're joining us for Thanksgiving, right?" "Yup," Will said. He looked around. Dinner wasn't quite ready yet, but his stomach was grumbling beneath his sweatshirt. "Why didn't Nico just wait a week?" Austin asked. "Good question," Will said. "That's what you get, going for the mysterious type," Kayla said. Will sighed. The sun was beginning to set over the water in the distance. "The heart wants what it wants." Will heard footsteps pause behind him. "I love when I hear poetry coming from the Apollo table." Kayla looked up and Will and Austin turned around. Drew Tanaka, daughter of Aphrodite, stood behind them. Her long, sleek black hair fell over her shoulders in ringlets, and she held a giant, floppy hat in her hands. A bright pink ribbon was tied around it, knotted into a big bow in the back. It was sort of hideous. "What's that for, Drew?" Kayla asked, pointing at it with a derisive smile on her face. "Latest Aphrodite fashion? Trying to scare someone away?" Drew stuck up her nose and narrowed her eyes. Then, without warning, she dropped it on Will's head. Immediately something warm and intensely pleasant washed over him, he felt his shoulders relax, droop almost, and his head was suddenly filled with some of his very loveliest memories. That time at the lake after Nico had been discharged after three promised days at the infirmary and Will had finally had a day off, and Will stood up to his knees in the water, calling for Nico, who stood on shore with a dumb sweatshirt on even though it was eighty five degrees out, until Will just marched up onto the sand and grabbed the boy's hand and pulled him in himself because you're going to get heatstroke, you idiot, and before Nico's ripped his hand out of Will's, his fingers had tightened around them, just a second long enough for Will's heart to skip a beat. The first time Nico had kissed him – not their very first kiss, that had been Will's doing – but the sudden, aching bliss that had come with a peck to the cheek from the boy, soft lips that were gone before Will could even register they were there, but Nico's face was so intensely red and he wouldn't meet his eyes, and Will could burst and he was beaming, beaming at him until Nico met his eyes and gave a tiny, helpless smile back. That day in the Hades cabin last winter, when he and Nico had spent hours playing Mythomagic and even though Nico had played it cool at first, it didn't take long for competition and passion such as Will had never seen in him before to take over, and for the first time he actually looked like the young teenager he was, in love with a nerdy game that Will would have played forever, because he was in love with a nerdy, wonderful boy. Then he realized, remembered, that he was sitting in the dining pavilion and Kayla and Austin were sitting with him and he looked at them, and they stared back with wide, incredulous eyes, and the only thing Will could think to say –what else in the world even mattered? – was, "Guys, I love Nico." And then, all at once, the feeling was gone, dimmed significantly, and he could feel the cold of the breeze on his ears and he blinked as his vision came back into focus. Drew had the hat back in her hands. "Yes," she said,