[Disclaimer] Everything Twilight belongs to Stephenie Meyer [A/N] For Heather. Happy Valentine's Day :) **From The Heart** My lips twitch. I'm tempted to cover the answer to my manager with one of my many fake smiles. Then I decide against it and simply shake my head. "There's no way I'm doing this." Aro's forehead wrinkles despite the injection of Botox he has gotten a week ago. His thin lips curl into a grimace. "Why?" he asks, his voice purring too sweetly. "Didn't you like the script Cullen's office sent you?" I lower my mouth to the straw that's in my milkshake. The creamy strawberry flavor deludes my taste buds with the illusion of milk, sugar and fruit. In reality the drink I'm sipping on is nothing but water and sweetener. I swallow and sigh. Who cares if something is real, if it feels real? I'm not very real and everyone loves me. I'm a nineteen-year-old actress who is on an uphill climb to become a big number in Hollywood. I have the looks. I sure as hell have the talent. The only thing missing are the right offers. It's not enough to be a diamond. You need to find the perfect piece of jewelry to make it shine. Cullen's script is supposed to make only one person shine and that's his sorry talent free excuse of a stepson. "There's no way I'm going to do this movie, Aro." I state, wiping a rest of the sugar-free milkshake from my lower lip with my thumb. "As my manager you should make sure I get better offers." The man who has been responsible for my career since I started advertising for baby wipes grants me another of his creepy smiles. Aro Volturi is the living proof that overdoing it with plastic surgery is a horrible thing. He reaches over the table and takes my hand. "Ali, sweetie, maybe you should rethink your decision." Any sentence Aro starts with an "Ali, sweetie," is a bad thing. I hate that he knows how to manipulate me so well. "I think the role Cullen offered you is a great one. Why don't you want to play Grace?" I slurp on the rest of my drink while my stomach rumbles. Unlike my gullible taste buds he instantly gets that my lunch isn't going to provide my body with any calories. Staying paper-thin is a constant struggle for young actresses. On the screen you always look twenty-pounds heavier and nobody wants to be casted as "the chubby girl." "Ali? Is it because you were hoping to get the main lead? You and Cullen Junior don't have much chemistry together on screen." Edward Cullen is the son of Hollywood diva Esme Cullen and stepson to Carlisle Cullen who is famous for bad movies that turn into block buster. Esme had her big time back in the eighties when big hair and big romantic drama was everything the audience craved. The press leashed out on her pretty badly for leaving her asshole husband for Cullen's talent-free ass ten years ago. He gets away with making crappy movies who make a shitload of money because most people wouldn't recognize a bad movie if their life depended on it. "At least Edward doesn't smoke. Kissing him is less repulsive than kissing Hale." I mumble, attempting to free my hand from Aro's grip. "I don't know why the audience likes me and him together." "It's the classic rebel and the princess thing." Aro explains. "Plus, you are both from the South. If you hadn't broken your ankle last spring, you and Hale could have done that Civil War movie together. Who needs Leigh and Gable when they can get Brandon and Hale?" I hate Aro for ever talking me into doing a movie with Hale. If I sign the contract with Cullen, this is going to be my third one with this jerk Jasper. He's nothing like the Southern prince charming he plays in public. Jasper Hale has a serious drug and drinking problem that his managers Maria and Lucy are carefully hiding from the public. Alcohol makes him aggressive and moody. I don't want to be forced to work with such a kind of person for the next months. "I hate the script. It's poorly written, even for Cullen." Aro waves the waitress to refill his coffee cup. Her hand is shaking when she lowers the thermos jug. "C-can I get your signature for my daughter, Miss Brandon?" I flash the woman a smile. "Of course." I pull an autograph out of my handbag and ask her what the girl is called. "To Bree," I write. "Always fight for your dreams. They are worth it." Then I sign with Ali Brandon and hand the red-flushed waitress the picture. "I hope she'll like it." "Thank you. Thank you, Miss Brandon. Bree is going to be over the moon about this. You and Mr. Hale are her two favorite actors." The mentioning of Hale makes my perfect smile cramp mid-way. She doesn't notice it and murmurs another thank you while she rushes back to her spot behind the counter. "You are good with fans." Aro praises. "That's why you are so popular. That and because every little girl in America wants you as her best friend." I never had a best friend in real life. When you start your career before you start kindergarten it's not easy to make friends that actually like you and not your on-screen character. "Talking about best friends," I say, trying to choose my words carefully. "So, I'm supposed to play the best friend again in Cullen's masterpiece ." Aro nods. "Yes, exactly, Cullen Junior's love interest is going to be played by Izzy Swan. You are to play his sister who is also Izzy's best friend in the movie." This is another proof that Carlisle Cullen is terrible as a producer. Who in his right mind would cast Izzy Swan at this time? If I am America's sweetheart, Izzy is the girl your parents warned you about. She curses, she's bitchy to fans and if rumors about her are true she will probably spend her time boozing with Hale instead of taking movie making serious. "Ali, sweetie, Grace is perfect for you." Aro purrs sweeter than any brown sugar could taste like. "She sucks. My character sucks." I protest. "Cullen has made the part a superficial cow. All she ever does is go shopping or brush her hair or she spends hours obsessing over her shoe collection. Nobody is like that. I mean, it says in the script that everybody at school loves her. Why? She's arrogant and manipulative. " "Maybe because she wants her brother and her best friend to get together?" Aro asks. "I'm sure the audience will love Grace." "What the audience wants are good shots of Edward's ass. So, he's to play the school hero who…how realistic falls for the biggest nerd the world has ever seen. "Izzy Swan will sure look cute with glasses on but all this tripping and fake clumsiness is just too much." I whisper chewing the nail polish from my thumb. I need to get a manicure soon. "People like characters with weaknesses." Aro says. "It makes them more realistic." "Izzy's character is a klutz who falls on her flat backside every fifteen minutes. She's whiny and chews on her lips so much they must look chapped throughout the entire movie." Aro chuckles and pushes the folder with the script back to me. "Try to keep your opinion on Cullen's script to yourself when we start filming." I slam my fist against the table. "I said no. Didn't you hear me when I told you no? You can't force me to do this silly movie. There's no way, you can do that." xxx Two weeks later when I'm sitting on the plane to Vancouver where we are going to film "From The Heart," I know better. Aro, this bastard, has included a clause into my contract that he's to choose two movies I'm going to make each year. This farce of a love story, I'm about to work at for Cullen Entertainment is one of them. My mood is foul. I pull my hoodie over my un-combed hair and put my earphones in. Flying is something I don't enjoy a lot. It's too cold. It's too loud. Deep down I always have the fear of spiraling down to the ground in a burning aircraft. "Can I sit here?" someone asks me, tugging on the sleeve of my sweater. I take my left earphone out and lift my sunglasses. "Pardon me?" I have to admit that Izzy Swan looks better than anyone should do at six in the morning. She's wearing a lot of make-up. Black eye shadow and red lipstick make her face look older than seventeen. "Did I wake you up?" she asks, chewing her gum with her mouth open. "I just wanted to ask if you'd be okay with me sitting here. I don't want to spend any more time with Edward than necessary." I take my handbag from the seat next to mine. "Be my guest. At least your man doesn't taste like ash and beer when you have to kiss him." Izzy sits down next to me. A wave of vanilla fills my nose. She smells so sweet. Her black leather jacket, ratty jeans and chucks outfit doesn't look very sweet. Izzy has been elected as worst dressed actress in a row for three years now. It's like she just doesn't care what others think about the clothes she's wearing. Secretly, I admire her courage. "I kissed Cullen before." Izzy whispers, leaning a bit closer to me. "He slobbers. It's disgusting." I can't help but giggle. "You and Cullen were together? I thought that was just a rumor." "You mean like the rumor that you visited Hale the little fucker in Rehab over Thanksgiving?" I shake my head. "I'm not his friend. Nor am I his girlfriend. Hale is so not my type." Izzy orders a beer from the stewardess that she gulps down before the turbines of the plane even start. "I'm sorry. Flying makes me nervous and my dad insists that beer is good to help you calm down in stressful situations." I lean back in my seat, my sweaty hands clasps the armrests of my seat. "How did you manage to get alcohol? You're seventeen." Izzy's red mouth flashes me a grin. "Can you keep a secret?" she fishes her ID out and holds it up for me to read. Isabella Marie Swan it says on the document. Born September 13th…"You are twenty-two? I thought women only lie about their age when they are much older." She shrugs her shoulders. "My ex-manager Caius thought it to be a good idea. He also thought that Cullen's a good director. Not a very good script writer but Carlisle…he sees things and manages to bring them to life." I nod. Not because I believe a word she says but because it's expected. The plane takes off and I close my eyes. I take deep breaths and hum a soundless it's ok, it's ok, it's ok, over and over again in my head. Humans are not supposed to fly. It's not natural. Otherwise we would have been born with wings. "Are you scared?" Izzy asks, running her fingertips over the back of my left hand. "We aren't going to crash." "Don't say that." I screech. "God, I hate flying so much." "Me too," she states, not stopping to stroke my hand in a lost attempt to calm me down. Maybe I should ask her to order a second beer for me? Izzy takes my hand in hers and gives it a gentle tug. "Sometimes we have to do stuff that scares us. That's life." xxxx Carlisle Cullen is a good-looking man. Why someone like that chooses to work mainly behind the screens and not in