A/N: It has been years since I wrote or posted any type of fan fiction. At this time I do not have a beta so all mistakes are my own. Description: A look at many of the "first" meetings of various and sundry canon characters. First Meeting: The Birth of a Star All mothers dream of greatness for their children, but few ever are blessed with the opportunity to see it. Unlike her mother and husband Celebrían was rarely gifted with foresight, yet in the instance of her unborn child she had more of a mother intuition of things to come rather than a true look into what the future might bring. The thought of what choices her soon-to-be daughter might face weighed heavily on her mind. With no particular destination in mind, Celebrían wearily ambled through one of the many vast gardens that Imladis had to offer. It was a rare moment for the matriarch to be at leisure from the demands of both household and family, and she intended to make the most of it. A constrained kick from the babe had her hand moving on its own accord. The imminent birth of her third child drove out all other thoughts. Although blessed with elven grace Celebrían felt unwieldy and off balance. Elrond assured her that she had never looked lovelier. With a sardonic smile Celebrían woefully admitted that she was beginning to tire of pregnancy. As the gift of elven children was a rare and wonderful occurrence, especially for the lord and lady of Imladris, Celebrían was often treated with an unconscious reverence. Yes, it was quite nice to be greeted by everyone as a bringer of joy and goodwill, but there were times she just wanted to be left alone - hence her retreat to the garden. Gently stretching her back into alignment Celebrían allowed her mind to drift. Memories of Elladan and Elrohir's birth surfaced. With one only babe on the way she speculated on how the births would differ. At least this babe had its head pointed the correct direction for Celebrían did not relish the thought of having her husband performing the torturous twisting maneuver he had to conduct to move the twins into a suitable birthing position. As if sensing her mother's thoughts the child squirmed and butted her head down low. A tightening sensation took ahold of Celebrían's core. It only lasted for a moment. A solitary bench lent itself handily as Celebrían took a moment to rest. The praxis contractions had begun a fortnight before, heralding the impending arrival of the newest member of Imladris. Celebrían had grown accustom to the periodic and involuntary sensation. After a moments respite Celebrían grudgingly convinced herself to continue her walk through the gardens. Young voices up ahead foretold the arrival of her two offspring long before they could be seen. Although Elladan and Elrohir had recently reached their majority their behavior often left cause for question. Both of her sons were exceptionally excited to be welcoming a younger sibling into the world. "Naneth!" The twins gamboled into the garden with wide smiles. "Yes, ionath?" queried Celebrían with a fond smile. How different things would be with a new baby! Eyes as sharp as quicksilver flashed as Elladan took her by the right and Elrohir to the left. "Adar said he had sent you out here to relax." "He did, did he?" A slender silver eyebrow rose. "And we thought we could assist you, Naneth dearest," carried on Elladan without pause. Elrohir gave his brother a mock glare. "Actually, I wondered at the wisdom of that. How much assistance can my brother possibly give in terms of relaxation?" "You wound me!" "Ha! Your idea of relaxing is spending the afternoon in the sale, which Naneth obviously should not participate in at this time." "And yours," Elladan retorted, "is spending the afternoon in the stables with that old nag of yours. Which Naneth obviously does not want to do at this time." With a musical laugh Celebrían tugged on her son's arms and lead them along the path. "No, I'm afraid weapon's practice and long rides are out of the question for now. Your sibling will soon make her appearance if her wiggling is anything to go by." With a fond look at her handsome children Celebrían continued her stroll. "The time is almost neigh for the birth. But come; distract your poor naneth for a bit. Tell me of your recent adventures." Though the world had been at peace for the past two hundred years Elrond never allowed his people to become lackadaisical and preached vigilance to all. Recently the twins had been allowed to start accompanying a few of the larger routine patrols. Elladan and Elrohir were ecstatic to share their newfound experience with their mother. A spritely dialogue sprung up between the twins as they outlined their most recent foray beyond the bounds of Imladris. As the sun began to sink towards the horizon the Burien glinted in the distance. Merry singing could be heard as the elves of vale began packing up their daily doings. Not all would retire for the evening, but the Lady of Imladris allowed her gallant sons to lead her towards the family quarters. After a quiet family meal Celebrían allowed herself to be lulled into the waking dreams of the elves as her husband gently brushed her hair. A gentle breeze rustled the curtains at the window and somewhere a nightingale sang a melodic tune. Resting upon Elrond's chest Celebrían felt her husband gently caress her protruding stomach, navel visibly jutting out from her night clothes. A sense of peace and contentment swelled within her breast. The babe playfully rolled as she felt her sire give a gentle poke. "I thought you were supposed to be helping me relax, nîn hîr?" murmured Celebrían as the babe's antics began to press against her bladder. "Hmm," Elrond hummed noncommittally as he continued to seemingly play a game with the unborn child. "Her begetting day is not far off." A self-satisfied smile crept onto the normally regal face of the well-known elf-lord. "I know it well, my love," answered Celebrían. "Nothing else seems to be in my thoughts. This little one takes after her brothers. She wants out." "Soon," said Elrond has he gently placed kisses on his wife's neck and slowly down to where the fruit of their union bounced. "Hush, tithen pen, let your nana rest. Both you and she will have a lot to do in the coming days." Humming a gentle lullaby Elrond slowly rubbed circles and the babe settled once more. Celebrían fought to see through her tears. To behold such love was a blessing. The thought that she would soon be holding her daughter sent chills down her spine. A perfect creation to be born in a not so perfect world; a gift that that would be cherished forever. The vision of a tall, grey-eyed lass standing in a city of white stone flashed before Celebrían's inner eye. Now was not the time to worry about that. With a conscious thought Celebrían centered her mind back towards the loving relationship her husband was engaging in with their child. Elrond's eyes looked up from his ministrations. Soon Celebrían was caught up in a sensuous kiss that took her breath away. Strong arms engulfed her as gentle hands traced patterns up and down her arms. There was no urgency in the kiss or caress; merely a feeling of love and wonder. "When I married you I could not imagine loving you anymore. You consumed my entire being, but yet every day we spend together you entwine another part of my soul," Elrond stated with a look of awe. He gradually pulled away and once again laid his hand on his wife's stomach. "Thank you, my love for this wonderful gift. Have I ever told you how beautiful you look when carrying my child?" Celebrían cupped her husband's chin, with a fondness born of years of intimacy, "Only every other hour." "Then I shall endeavor to tell you every hour hence until our child is ready to meet the world." Husband and wife were soon lost in each other, oblivious to the cares of the world around them. Sometime during the wee hours of the morning Celebrían felt a damp sensation between her thighs. Moving with speed that belied her protruding midriff she promptly made her way to the bathing area. A quick inspection confirmed that her birthing waters had ruptured. Not wanting to alarm her husband Celebrían softly made her way back to bed. The contractions had not started yet and she wanted to conserve her strength for the hard work that was yet to come. "Is everything alright," murmured Elrond as he felt Celebrían slip back into bed. A smile slipped onto her face, "Yes, dear, my waters ruptured." "What?!" the normally dignified elf-lord sat up in bed. "The contractions are very weak right now. I think we have sometime before our daughter makes her way into the world. I'd like to sleep a bit yet." "Of course," said Elrond with a goofy grin. He gently gathered Celebrían in his arms and hummed a traditional elvish lullaby. As the premier healer in the land Elrond had attended many births, both easy and some that required an exceptional degree of healing mastery, but the thought of his wife enduring labor was not a calming prospect. A few hours later Celebrían began to feel slight pangs as the sun climbed over the mountains and shone its first rays into the valley. But unlike with the twins the pain did not start in her abdomen, but wrapped around to her back and sunk into her hips. The contraction did not last for long, nor did it cause an exceptional amount of pain. But that fact that the pain itself was in the wrong place caused a small shoot of fear to take root in Celebrían's heart. A soft sound from the hall caused Celebrían to raise her eyes from her stomach where she had placed her hands. Elrond entered their room with a tray of breakfast balanced on his outstretched arm. A few graceful steps brought him over to his wife. A concerned frown creased his brow, "What is it? Is the babe unwell?" "No," Celebrían shook her silvery head, "I do not think it is the babe. But the pains…" she paused. "They are different than with the twins. I know," she continued, "that not all births are the same, but I thought the labor would be similar." Celebrían watched in fascination as Elrond's mien became that of the healer rather than consummate husband. "What is the difference?" "Rather than feeling the tightening in my abdomen and the feeling or pressure the pain wraps itself around my back and radiates down into my hips," explained Celebrían as she traced the lines of pain with her fingers. "The babe is in a posterior position, facing up rather than down." A grim look crossed Elrond's face. "There are several exercises we can try to convince her to spin around, if not the birth can proceed as normal, yet…" he took a breath. "I fear that it will be all the more painful for you. You see as the babe comes down the crown of her head will push against your cervix, which helps your body expand as the babe descends down the birthing canal. But, as she is looking up rather than down her head is pushing against this bone," Elrond paused to push on Celebrían's coccyx. "This in turn makes the pain resonate in your back and down into your hips." "What do you propose I do to help the babe turn around?" queried Celebrían. "Lay on your side, love, and I will gently manipulate your spine. Sometimes the gentle realignment of the vertebrae will help prompt the babe to turn. But," he hesitated, "it can also