A/N: Ahhhhh! This is finally finished, omg. This is my first kind of full length one-shot for this pairing/part of the fandom, so please be kind! A couple of things to note: 1. I used Macmillian for Alice Longbottom's maiden name. I hope that's okay. ;) 2. The main conflict revolves around a scheduling change for the Hogsmeade weekends. And it's a little hand wavey. But let's just...go with it, shall we? ;) 3. My title comes from 'Bloody Well Right' by Supertramp The idea for this came from a prompt I received on tumblr: "Anonymous said: Could you write an angst Jily fic? Maybe an argument before they're together? Thanks love! x" I...uh...might have gone above and beyond on this. Not even sorry. I love this pairing. 3 Super special thanks to bloomsoftly and amidtheflowers for their awesome beta skills! And especially to starfishdancer who britpicked this for me! *hearts* "James!" He turned at the sound of his name, grinning widely when he saw who was calling him. "Hullo, Evans," he said in greeting, jamming his hands in his pockets and slowing his gait so she could catch up to him. Remus and Peter slowed as well, but he waved them on with a stern look. "Oh, they...they didn't have to go," she began. "They've got somewhere to be," he explained, leaving out that 'somewhere' was anywhere but there with him. "Ah. And you don't?" "Nowhere I'd rather be, at any rate…" Her cheeks tinged a slightly darker pink than they usually were and James congratulated himself on a bit of perfectly witty flirting. "I suppose it's just as well…" She wrapped her arms more securely around her books, hoisting them up on her front a little more. James' hands immediately went out, offering to carry them. She shook her head, "No, that's alright, I'm off to Divination and-" "It's really no trouble. I'm headed that way." He kept his hands out and she bit back a smirk as she handed them over. "Don't you have Transfiguration?" she asked. "It's in the opposite direction…" "Do you want me to carry your books for you or not, Evans?" She huffed out a tiny laugh and wrapped her arms around her waist. "I suppose it's your head if McGonagall catches you late." "Too right, that." He threw his shoulders back. "Let you in on a little secret, though? I'm her favourite." "Didn't she have you in detention just last week?" He sniffed. "That was just to keep up appearances. She can't let on I'm her favourite. It would hurt morale, you see." She grinned and kept walking. "I actually did need to ask you something." "If it's for notes from Potions, I'm afraid I can't help you." She rolled her eyes. "I was there. And why would I ask you for notes? You never bring anything to class." He shrugged. "I'm only saying…" Lily took a deep breath. "James...would you accompany me to Hogsmeade?" He stopped walking. "Wait. What?" "To Hogsmeade. You know...there's the semi-monthly...trip -of course you know that…" She paused, pressing her lips together for a moment before continuing. "I thought we might...go together?" "As in…" he trailed, trying not to jump to conclusions. Which was hard, because all he wanted to do right then was jump around. She sighed. "You bloody well know what I'm asking you, James Potter." "I do. But I've been wrong about things before. I'm only asking for a bit of clarification." He smiled down in her direction. Those green eyes of hers sparkled when she got shirty. Which she was right now. She pressed her lips together. "You're making me regret this." "No, no!" he reached out to wrap his hand around hers, hoisting her books, because he hadn't thought about how to carry them with one arm. "I'm only just...I'm being an idiot. I'm rather good at it, if you hadn't noticed. I would love to accompany you to Hogsmeade...on Saturday? I'm assuming, unless you'd rather go after class on Friday?" "I was...thinking Saturday?" He smiled, "Right and am I leaving you once we get there? Or…will I continue to accompany you upon arriving?" "James." He mirrored her expression. "How much money should I bring? Are you a cheap date, or do I have to feed you?" She rolled her eyes, yanking her hand from his as she started to walk again. "I'm not skint. I only want your time." "I...I don't mind paying," he backtracked. "It was a joke. A bad joke. A terrible, awful joke. Let me buy you lunch? Please?" "I'll buy my own lunch. But you can buy me a Butterbeer. Deal?" She offered a handshake. He shook it firmly and held on for a few seconds longer than he probably should have. They walked the rest of the way in relative silence, catching each other's gazes long enough to blush and look away once more. He might as well have been flying. Because Lily Evans had asked him on a date and absolutely nothing could take away the warm feeling he got whenever he thought about it. He returned her books outside the Divination classroom, aware of the many pairs of prying eyes who spied them in the doorway. "I'll be seeing you," she said with a wink, turning to leave him and walk to her seat. He jammed his hands back in his pockets and did an about-face to go in the direction he'd come from. He was hopelessly late for Transfiguration, but he hoped he'd curry some favour from McGonagall for escorting Lily to class. He talked a big talk, but he was rather certain that it was Lily who was the professor's favourite and not him - even if she wasn't taking N.E.W.T level Transfiguration. And he was also quite certain that he was going to get a detention for being late again. He really hoped it wouldn't interfere with his Hogsmeade plans. Which was something he hadn't worried about in years. He'd ceased being excited about Hogsmeade trips about halfway through third year. And here he was in sixth year, suddenly looking forward to it all over again. Because Lily Evans had asked him to go on a date. Romantically. Lily spotted Alice Macmillian waving at her from across the Great Hall, so she made her way towards the Gryffindor table. Dropping her books beside Alice, Lily slid onto the bench beside her friend. She reached for a sandwich from the platter that had appeared in the centre of the table. Her friend didn't speak, simply folded her hands and turned to face her expectantly. "What?" Lily asked, taking a dainty bite of her sandwich, the picture of innocence. "You know what." She shook her head. "I'm afraid I don't." She did. She absolutely did, but she wasn't about to volunteer information to Alice. Not that she didn't trust her best friend, but they spent nearly every waking moment together. There were so few secrets between them. She wanted to relish the one time she had a secret to which Alice wasn't already privy. "Rubbish. Tell me about you and James. He's apparently going with you to Hogsmeade. And may or may not be your betrothed." Lily glanced furtively down to the other end of the table where she knew he'd be. And he was. Sitting there, eating lunch with his mates. "Tongues have certainly been wagging..." she said, taking a sip of her pumpkin juice. "Do they ever do anything else?" Alice reached for an orange and began to peel it. "I have enough sense to know that you're not engaged. Or rather, that you wouldn't be without finding some way to tell me immediately. I would be hurt if I had to hear it from a second year Hufflepuff in the girls' toilet…but I assume the other half of this rumour might have some truth to it..." "Quite…" "So? Spill it, Lil. How did he ask you? I've been waiting nearly six years for this moment, spare no details." It was at that moment that a rustle of parchment caught their ears as a few hundred folded announcements fell practically onto their plates. Lily picked hers up and read it. "The Hogsmeade weekend trip has been moved from the third weekend up to the second (or as one might say the "weekend upcoming"), to accommodate a special guest speaker visiting the duelling club for the final two weeks of September. The schedule will be back to normal in October...hm." That gave her less time than she'd anticipated to mentally prepare for James Potter. Only two days instead of nine. She glanced up from her parchment, looking once again back down to the end of the table where James was currently perched. Peter hung on his every word like always, while Sirius lounged on the bench. Remus had his nose in a book and was looking a bit peckish, if she did say so herself. She certainly hoped he was eating enough. James turned, catching her gaze as he stuffed the folded parchment into his shirt pocket. He shot a grin her way, which made her blush and turn back to her lunch. Alice laughed. "Sweet Merlin, you've got it bad, haven't you?" "Oh, sod off…" Lily grumbled. Her friend reached over and poked her arm. "And don't think you're getting away without answering my question. How did he ask you?" Lily couldn't help but grin as she ate the last bit of her sandwich. "He didn't. I asked him." "Come off it, Evans," Alice scoffed. "He's fancied you since last year and you asked him ? I thought you hated him." "Why would you think that? I don't hate him." "Well, obviously . But you have been known to say you hate him, so you might see my confusion on the matter." Lily waved her hand vaguely. "That was a long time ago." "It was last week, to my recollection." "Oh, leave me be, Alice...I can't help it if he checks all Amortentia boxes. He's well fit, don't you think?" Alice stared down the table in his direction. "Come to think of it, he checks mine too. He's got that hair. And a decent smile. Don't tell Frank I said that, mind…" She shrugged. "It's about time. You've been about two sideways glances from snogging in a supply cupboard. Two ticks away, I'd say." "Hush your face, Alice Macmillian." Waggling her eyebrows, Alice reached for one of the sandwiches. "I'm rather certain your sexual tension in Herbology was what sent all the mooncalves on heat. Ogg was having an awful time with them. Had to go get Hagrid to calm them all down again…" "Hush. Your. Face. Alice," Lily said deliberately. "Besides. The mooncalves were already on heat. The third years are supposed to be studying their mating rituals. Full moon this weekend." Alice hummed. "You and James chatting each other up didn't help matters." "I wasn't chatting him up." "You expect me to believe that now? Lily grinned. "Okay, maybe I was a little." "There we go. Now, Lil. On to actual important things...did you do the Potions homework?" "Of course I did." "Can I see it?" Lily flashed open her Potions book and closed it again. "There." "Come on, Lily…please? I'm having trouble with that last bit… I totally bodged it." "We can go over it in the courtyard after lunch." "I'd rather if you just let me copy yours…" Alice grumbled. "How are you going to learn if you only copy my work? Are you going to send me owls from the Auror's offices asking for my help?" There was an awkward silence during which Alice blinked a fair amount. "Well, no . I suppose I won't. " "Too right. Because I'm going to help you now . So I won't have to help you later." "Can you just...be the professor? Slughorn's too much of a tosser." Lily chuckled. "He's not a tosser. Just because he's not cutting