A/n: Ummmm, basically I got prompted 'Cake' for Dramione by the lovely JanetSnakehole, and what was supposed to be a six sentence ficlet turned into this 5k monstrocity. But it works out bc this is a birthday gift! Yay, birthdays! I'm a terrible human and this isn't Britpicked OR betaed. *GASP* I just wanted to get this up here. So bear that in mind when you read it. ;) I own nothing. *hearts* All in all, Draco had to say…it was his favourite birthday. It didn't start out that way, but favourites seldom start out as favourites, he supposed. He went to work. Because it was a Tuesday. And he always worked on Tuesdays, birthdays or no. It was raining, which certainly put a damper on his mood immediately. He also woke up alone. He always woke up alone, but for some reason, it was worse on one's birthday. The manor was completely empty, save for the few house elves that refused to leave and just wouldn't be tricked into accepting clothing. With Father serving a life's term in Azkaban and Mother off at the summer house in Scotland, his family home was sort of thrust into his hands. Nobody really wanted the bloody place. It had too many bad memories. He couldn't give it away. Literally no one wanted it. It had sat on the market, the price getting marked lower and lower and lower until he just took it off again. He stayed at the office occasionally if he didn't want to go home. If even entering through the doorway became too much of an effort. But he hadn't stayed at the office last night. No, he'd come home. And he woke up alone in his bedroom. With no sun streaming into his window and nothing to greet him except a tray of tea and a letter from Mother. A card, as it turned out. Some store bought thing wishing him many happy returns and a repeat of her standing invitation to come visit her in Scotland. He very nearly went up a few times for a simple change of scenery, but he never did. No matter how different the scenery, his mother was still there. And as much as he loved her, he knew they got along better long distance than they did in close quarters. She loved him too, he knew that. But the subject of Father inevitably came up and that's when the fighting started. He'd just as soon forget his abominable relation, but Mother wanted him to visit the man. For what, he didn't know. So, he stayed away from both parents. Stayed away from almost everyone, in fact. Save his clients. And obviously…Granger. He had no choice but to see her, really. With her owning the book shop below his office and all. It was rather quaint, he'd been told. Him owning a small accounting firm that he ran alone out of the top floor of the building she owned. He kept books. She sold books. It was all very adorable. Apparently. He supposed maybe it was. He didn't like to admit it, but Granger of all people had been the only one to reach out a hand when he needed help. Back when he'd finished school and instead of going into law like his mother wanted, or becoming an Auror like Father had wanted…he became an accountant. Doing boring old taxes and figures. Of course, he couldn't find a single firm in town who would hire him, given his last name. Likewise for property managers. No one would rent him office space. Except Granger. She'd apparently come into some small fortune, being one of the Golden Trio of war heroes and all. She'd bought a building right on Diagon Alley and set up a book shop. He didn't know why it surprised him. She spent all her spare time in one anyway, she might as well own one and make money off it. Anyway, the building had an upstairs, and it was his for a very low monthly fee. Very low. He'd be insulted if he wasn't doing her books for free as well. She kept meticulous records, so it was actually almost too easy to do her books. She could likely do it herself, but it was another one of those things he didn't think about very deeply. The muggles said something about not looking a gift horse in the mouth. And while he didn't completely understand the analogy, he took it to mean you didn't ask too many questions about gifts or favors. After it had become apparent that selling the manor wasn't going to happen, he'd used a large chunk of his sizable trust fund to pay for the repairs and complete remodeling of the Manor so he could even stand to live in it, the rest went to Mother so she could live comfortably. Father had left her with a mountain of debts, so what little of her family money she had went to that. As it was, Draco was left to having to make a living for himself, which wasn't the worst thing that could have happened. He rather liked it, it gave him some small sense of purpose. He took his tea in bed and read the Prophet, not really seeing anything of note in its pages. Something about Saint Potter and the Weasel side-kick of his. Aurors, the both of them. He couldn't thank his past self enough for not giving Auror training a second thought. He didn't hate them anymore, but that didn't mean they didn't annoy the everlasting bollocks out of him. Granger, though. Granger wasn't half bad. She invited him out to lunch most days, or brought something up to him when he was busy. And he'd do the same for her when he was able. Her little book shop got quite a bit of business being where it was. It was no Flourish and Blotts, she didn't sell everyday novels or school books. It was his understanding that she catered to a different sort of clientele. Those with a discerning eye for advanced reading, hard to find editions, antique spell books and foreign literature. And he did her books. She might not have the foot traffic, but she could make one sale and be set for the month. And when she did get foot traffic? Suffice it to say, Granger wasn't hurting. She knew her product and people knew her name. She'd done rather well for herself. If someone had told him ten years before that he'd be working in close proximity to Hermione Granger and basically, happy about it? He'd have called them daft and pushed them into a wall. But, the truth of it was, he'd grown rather fond of her. He liked looking in through the front window of her shop in the mornings and seeing her there. Regardless of his circumstances, he definitely had a choice in the matter. And he chose, time and again, to spend time with the woman whose nose was more often than not buried in a book. And it wasn't for any noble purpose. It wasn't because he had no one else, because Draco was NOT a hapless wallflower. No, it was because he genuinely liked her company. With her frizzy hair and her snarky remarks. Her book recommendations that he'd just learned to start taking, because she had a sixth sense about that sort of thing. And while she mostly had her nose in a book, there were the odd moments where she didn't. And Draco rather liked counting the freckles that spread across it. It wasn't perfect, his life. But with Granger in it, it was almost bearable. Of course, he didn't know how she felt about him. For all he knew, she could think of him as some annoying tennant. A way to pass the time. She wasn't dating anyone…he'd seen Weasley and Potter come around with their wives. She never even so much as mentioned anyone else. Once, Longbottom had started coming around everyday around the same time and Draco's stomach had heaved in panic. But it turned out that he was after some rare herbology tome that Hermione had ordered from somewhere or another. He simply came by the shop to check until it arrived. Not Draco's proudest moment, that one. Panicking over Neville Longbottom. It had, however, been the first time that he'd admitted to himself that he had feelings for Hermione Granger. Stronger than friend feelings. But, he really shouldn't have been surprised. He was the git who sat around waiting to count her freckles. One would think that a smart chap like he was would start limiting the time he spent with the lovely bookshop owner, but one would be wrong. If anything, he spent more time with her. He'd never ever admit his feelings to her, he'd put her through enough abuse in school to ever give it a second thought. She wasn't for him. Hell, as much as he despised the thought, Longbottom would be a better pick. Longbottom was a hero. Draco was a reformed war criminal who owned and lived in a house where she'd been tortured. How she could even find it within herself not to spit in his face on a daily basis, he'd never know. She was a good person. Better than he was. And she deserved so much better than him. He arrived at work, too late to pop into the shop and say hello, so he simply waved through the front window as he opened up the door to the stairs. He took them two at a time, entering his office and flicking his wand to open the curtains. He sent the feather duster around to dust in the corners like he always did in the mornings before taking a seat at the desk. He slapped his briefcase down on the desk and sighed as he looked around. "Happy Birthday to me…" he muttered to the empty room. Hermione had wanted to catch him before he started for the day, but he was a few minutes later than he usually was. He'd waved on his way up. His blond hair a sharp contrast to the black robes he always wore. He was wearing the green tie today. Which made sense, it was his birthday and the green was his favourite. At one time, she might have hated how in tune with Malfoy's routine she was, but she almost thought of him as a friend these days. As strange as that was. At times, she was more comfortable with him than she was with Harry or Ron. (Or Ginny or Lavender, if she was being honest). She had nothing to add to discussions about family and children. She had her mum and her dad in London, but she wasn't married, wasn't seeing anyone, and definitely didn't have children. And while she adored being Aunt Hermione, she wasn't exactly the best source of information or advice on the subject. And sometimes? Sometimes, she just wanted to be quiet. Not alone, but quiet. And that had been something Harry and Ron had never understood. In fact, it had been one of the reasons she and Ron just hadn't ever clicked. And Draco was fine to come down and sit with her over lunch while she read. He'd bring her lunch or she'd go out and get it. Sometimes they ate it at the restaurant together. Sometimes they talked, but mostly, they sat. Of course she knew what today was. The fifth of June. Draco's birthday. And there wasn't a chance he was getting away without her wishing many happy returns. She even had a little cupcake for him. It was silly, really. But she wasn't the best at cooking or baking, so she always picked up a little gourmet cupcake for each of her friends from a little shop in Muggle London on each of their birthdays. And