THIS IS A SEQUEL! If you haven't read "The Other Victor" turn back now or pay the consequences! Consequences include: Confusion, refusal of the author to answer your questions about previous events, trolls in your closet, and the smell of fudge where there is no fudge to haunt you. Disclaimer: I own nothing of the Hunger Games series, it's characters, or ideas. I do however own the OC's presented within this story. That is all. PART 1: SECRETS Looking back on all the events in the last two years made me feel like an old wrinkly woman. That's what I honestly should be with all that emotional, physical, and mental trauma disguised as life experience I had received from playing in and Mentoring the Hunger Games. Yet as I even now looked in the mirror this crisp January morning, all I saw was long curly golden blonde hair, stormy blue eyes, nearly flawless ivory skin, beautiful curves covered in a tank top and sweat pants, and a vacant expression. Shivers ran up and down my spine as I thought of my meeting with the ruler of my home country Panem President Snow. All in all the man was handsome with his curly chocolate brown hair, and strong features that were coupled with an almost hypnotizing charisma. Only one thing threw off the whole image. His snake-like green eyes that were filled with cold uncaring made every other aspect of his appearance inappreciable. In four months' time I would be working in the rich and luxurious Capitol making special 'house calls for a respective clientele'. Not that Snow had fooled me for a second about what was really going to happen. I was going to be the unpaid hooker for the highest paying slimy Capitol bidder. Well, unpaid isn't entirely true. By working for Snow's clients I would be earning my loved ones' rights to live. I had learned the hard way what refusing— or even delaying— Snow's agenda meant: death to whoever would hurt me most. Downstairs a door slammed and brought me out of my deep thought. Peeking into my larger than necessary bedroom, that was in my larger than necessary house, in the nearly pristine District Twelve's Victors Village, I caught sight of the clock on the nightstand that read 3:34 am. Taftan Mellark was here. Every morning before going to work at his family's Bakery Taftan stopped by to make sure I hadn't done something stupid like try to kill myself. Not that I would or anything, Taftan just worried too much. Most people were asleep at this hour, but that is what I had Taftan for. Ever since Mentoring the 49th Hunger Games I hadn't been able to sleep on my own without waking up from extremely violent nightmares. I'm not really in the mood to share what they were about, so let's just say they caused me to wake up covered in a sheet of icy sweat, screaming my lungs out, and made it impossible to sleep afterwards. But Taftan always knew how to help me fall asleep again. A knock sounded on the closed bedroom door, "May I come in?" Every time my friend visited me he would knock and ask to permission to enter. The first time he did that I couldn't help but think that Taftan would eventually stop asking to come in once he got more comfortable in my house. Nope, apparently as long as Taftan thought there was the remotest possibility that I might be indecent he would knock and ask to come in. A trait I appreciated. "Yes you may." I responded in my most awake voice. Stepping through the door, I took in Taftan's appearance. At five-foot-nine Taftan was three inches taller than me. Taftan had to have the most muscled build in all of District Twelve because of the flour sacks he moved around all of the time at the Bakery. Usually his short blonde hair was well combed, but this morning it was rather disheveled looking. Finally I looked at his comforting blue eyes and noticed the bags under them. "You have to sleep more, Taftan." I chided as I ran my fingers over the almost bruise colored flesh. "It's nothing Titania, I'm a big boy— I can handle a little sleep deprivation." Taftan gave me a gentle hug before examining my face, "Now why don't we see if it's possible for you to get some. The bags under your eyes make mine look well rested." Crossing the cold wood floor to my soft warm bed, I sat down and Taftan sat down next to me. For a few minutes he had me tell him about a happy memory from my childhood. After six months of similar exercises Taftan knew pretty much every inch of my childhood except for the time I spend in the woods. That covered my teenage years and not my childhood anyways so it didn't particularly matter. Next Taftan would have me climb in between the covers and for a few moments he would tell me a story or two about himself. This morning it was about the time Taftan's older brother Colby had taken his shift for him at the Bakery. Wait a second. "You didn't work in the Bakery as a child." I reminded him. Taftan chuckled and patted my hand, "Colby offered to take a couple hours of my morning shift so that I could get a little shut eye." "Then why aren't you at home, you know, sleeping?" I teased him lightly. It was no secret that he came because Taftan was still in love with me and wanted to make sure I was okay before he took any time for himself. When I went and played in the 48th Hunger Games Taftan and I had been together; we may have eventually been married. After the Games however, I was too afraid to be around the people that I cared about. In the Arena everyone I had grown to care for had died. It was just too hard to go back to it being okay to love without the fear of the other person's imminent death so I broke it off with Taftan. Breaking up with someone who loved me unconditionally was inconceivable. Only the fear of him being killed for my mistakes made it possible. Now, as Taftan leaned against my headboard— claiming he was only going to stay for a few more minutes— and I looked up at his tired handsome face from my head's position in his lap, I knew that I had made the right decision. Taftan and I were good for each other as friends; great for each other as best friends. As a couple though, Taftan and I would not be able to make each other truly happy. Not when I was busy pining for someone else the entire time. "Is it wrong for me to wish that you had never been Reaped?" Taftan's deep tired voice mumbled. "I wish it all the time." I replied drowsily. "Not for the same reasons." "Not all the same reasons." Taftan half-shrugged, "It doesn't matter now does it? Wishes don't come true in Panem." "My wish for you to get some more sleep would come true if you just let it." I teased with a sleepy giggle. Taftan just chuckled and sat up, "I should go home to sleep." "Yeah." I nodded only half conscious. Gently sliding out from under me, Taftan tucked me under the covers like a little kid, and kissed my forehead, "Goodnight." "Good morning." I smiled just before drifting off to sleep. Moments later I sat bolt upright screaming my head off as the nightmares faded into nothingness. I looked at the clock and saw that I had slept for almost four hours instead of the couple of minutes it had felt like. A new record. Deciding I'd had enough sleep for one night I went downstairs and fried up some eggs. I liked eggs best when they were scrambled with ham and cheese. Sunny-side up used to be my favorite before the Hunger Games, but… it triggered the bad memories to cut into the yolk and have it come spilling out. So scrambled would do. The front door slammed and I didn't have to ask who had barged into my home without announcing themselves: my boyfriend, Haymitch Abernathy. It seemed that only someone who could teach a thing or two about being stubborn to a mule was able to withstand all of my issues. The nightmares alone were tough enough to deal with, but I also had strong and random flashbacks to my time in the Arena. They were so potent that one time Haymitch had been cutting up some carrots for a stew and the next thing I knew I had Haymitch pinned to the floor with the blade against his throat. That had been a close call to say the least. "How are you this morning?" Haymitch asked cautiously as he eyed the hot skillet in my hand and vacant expression. With a mischievous smile I scooped the eggs onto two plates, "Why don't you find out for yourself?" Giving me his most debonair smile, Haymitch strode over slowly, kissed me on both cheeks gently, and just when I thought he was going to kiss my lips he planted one right on the tip of my nose. Swatting his arm, I let my voice drip with mockery, "You shouldn't tease me like that." "Your sarcastic tone suggests otherwise." Haymitch winked at me as he took one of the plates off the counter for himself. "Excuse me?" I placed my hands on my hips in fake anger, "What if I made those eggs for someone else?" "Do you have another extremely handsome boyfriend named Haymitch who visits around this time ever morning? If so, I must give him my sincerest bravo for hiding so long before I knock out his teeth." Before I could respond Haymitch grabbed a fork and dug in. Happily frustrated, I sat across the width of the table from him. The table was more like a huge slab of ornately decorated tree which could hold as many as twenty people, but usually just had me and Haymitch. And occasionally a certain Mellark. "You ought to let your family visit you sometime." Haymitch suggested. "Please, not this again." I complained. "Titania, they're the only family you've got." My boyfriend pointed out for the millionth time. Recently he had been in the habit of making me blissfully happy and then bringing up my family. A horrid trick if you ask me. I dropped my fork onto my plate, "Do you think I don't know that? It's not that I don't love Mother and the boys— because I do. It's just hard after what happened to my Father, okay?" A couple months ago Father had met his untimely death. To everyone else it was a tragic accident that he was knifed when someone tried to rob the shop late at night. I was the only one who knew that the robber was actually one of the Peacekeepers guarding District Twelve. I was the only one who knew that my Father's 'accident' had been a very purposeful murder ordered by President Snow himself to tell me that there was a price for keeping his valuable Capitol patrons waiting. Haymitch was the only person I had told and I'm not entirely certain he believed— since I hadn't told him about my working for the Capitol soon— that Snow would personally issue orders for my Father's death. "Titania Fellcrest, you need to stop existing and start living." Haymitch reprimanded me in his best motherly tone. "Forgive me if I'm unsure how to live after I died." I snapped and instantly regretted the words as Haymitch gave me a look filled with shock and hurt. At the end of my Hunger Games I had tried to save the only other tribute left,