sweet thames, run softly i . something he carries on his back Finnick is fourteen, and the trident, falling at his feet, marks daybreak. The real gift is the vines, though - he practices his smile for the cameras while he weaves them together, the voice of his uncle seeming to whisper in his ears. (You'll come back home, boy. You come back.) The trident he inaugurates with Marina Watercress, who lived three streets down from him. He kissed her lips in school once; today they are covered by vines. He stabs her through the throat and she bleeds. ii . by the barbarous king so rudely forced There is something hard in Finnick's eyes, Finnick, who has no home anymore - or rather, no home to return to - (He will forget many things afterwards, but never the rasp in that smooth voice, the rose in his lapel, the flatness of Home? The shaded amusement.) (They'll never let you leave them. says that voice. They love you. The Capitol is your home now. ) His uncle doesn't send him letters - gone , they tell him at last, lost at sea . He perfects his smile for the cameras. iii . unreal city, under the brown fog The nights are muted, grey smoke lustful with the scent of its own dust. He leaves, brings back, people who stink despite their layers of make-up, their picture-perfect pouts, the silver stars cut into their skin - they stink of their own vomit, of some drug that spatters their pupils into sparkles, of dirt from their streets, dirt they can't cover over. Even in the Capitol, there is sweat. Finnick hurts them the only way he can, the only way he's allowed. He thrusts wrathfully, with an anger that never shows on his face. (The first time – he goes back to his quarters after. He sees Mags there, and perhaps she hadn't known where he had been, but she can see it on his face. He is Finnick so he lifts up his chin and tries to smile. But perhaps she can see the tears collecting under his eyes, because she pushes her nails into his skin and says, "No. Not even when you're alone. Not even then, sweetling.") Even that means nothing, because when they shove their gifts into his hands and steal their last kisses from his mouth, their bland, glassy eyes shine. iv. those are pearls that were his eyes Finnick is the youngest of the mentors, still young enough to paste on his competition smile and show off for the others at the reaping. Mags raises her eyebrow, and Finnick just shoots her a grin over his shoulder. A real one, a kind one. This first year, in between long daydreams of returning home, he's deadly earnest, talking strategies over with Mags, planning and waiting and preparing to use that clever boy-grown-up smile to search out the sponsors and to save his tribute . But the tribute from District 4 (Pontus, Pontus Flotsam) doesn't know what to do with all of Finnick's preparation, only stares at his mentor's frenzy with uncomprehending eyes. He's sixteen to Finnick's fifteen, but he's afraid. His eyes are so flat (god, glassy ), so hopeless and helpless, and when he tries to hang himself two nights before the Games start, Finnick stops trying. No one knows what the Capitol does to winners better than he, and it was silly of him to hope for something better (something he could make better) . The boy lasts seven minutes in the arena, Mags' girl lasts four days, and after that, Finnick lets them die. v. he, the young man carbuncular, arrives Finnick is nineteen, and the tributes this year clutch hands and glance firmly at one another, as though they don't realize that only one of them can (might) win the Games. Their eyes are shy, sometimes, and Finnick can't explain the mingled rush of disgust and whatever else that runs through him at the sight. ( Too many darkened bedrooms, and never anything but a sly smile in return, the burning feeling of his skin revolting, and, perhaps, perhaps, he is - ) Ferlin is strong and proud and has a true arm. Finnick pretends not to notice, flirts his way through the mentors, the stylists, the sponsors. He's come up with a new trick – anything to lay a price on all those uncaring mouths – unique services, he whispers, and steals secrets from lonely people, carries the weight off of unhappy shoulders, and all for a kiss – vi. at the violet hour, the evening hour that strives homeward Finnick wasn't one of the rich ones, either – never trained, never taught. Only the trained arm of the boy who's been to sea, the rolling walk of someone who grew up half in the water, half in the shade of a lopsided shanty on the shore. He doesn't live there anymore. He has no home to return to, no place left on the wharf where his uncle lived, nothing but a house covered in enough half-naked mermaids and artfully carved fish fountains to make any real wharf man ill. He's never seen it. His uncle is dead. He reminds himself of this by hissing a lewd invitation in the girl's ears, and at the sight of her disgusted, slightly horrified glare, convinces himself that he has given up. vii. a woman drew her long black hair out tight Or, at least, until Ferlin corners him in a hallway and hisses We can't do this by ourselves, we need you to help us, this is why you're here. And Finnick thinks No, no, I'm not, not really, and almost turns away. The other boy's eyes are pleading when he says, please, for Annie, at least. Please. viii. and fiddled whisper music on those strings It should mean nothing; and factually, practically, it does. Except Finnick loved someone that much, once. ix. lilacs out of the dead land They want him to teach them how to survive – both of them, and Finnick can't quite believe it, that they can have watched the Games all their lives, and still believe that 'together' can mean something here, on the cusp of the Arena. But they have learned all they can from Mags – about roots, and berries, and water, and stay safe and attack first, and, of course, fishing hooks – so now they stand with Finnick. Much as Finnick expected, Ferlin is stronger, and better suited to fighting, but, to his surprise, it is shy Annie, with her cloud of sea-dark hair, and her limpid seaweed eyes who is better at the setting of traps, the weaving of mesh-fine nets, at the luring and entrapping of others – she understands the necessity of lies, while honest Ferlin looks about, bewildered. They both look at the weapons with varying degrees of disgust and the targets with displeasure, though, and when he shows them each of his hundred different ways to kill someone from behind, from the front, with a smile, they turn the same look on him. In between increasingly dry suggestions, Finnick wonders why he is trying again at all. x. the sea was calm, your heart would have responded gaily Finally, the girl – Annie – sets down her spear and asks Finnick to show them the throw that won him the Games. He's nearly forgotten what it looked like - no, that's not true – he's forgotten who it looked like, which District, which name, whose face took its ruined shape under the prongs of his trident, but the trident itself – the sharp spiral spinning itself through the air – that he remembers clearly, and that is what he shows them. Ferlin's eyes nearly roll out of his head, and they shine like the waves in summer as he rattles off an enthusiastic spout of muddled praise and eager queries. Annie finally reaches out a quelling hand and shoots Finnick an apologetic look. Finnick answers Ferlin's questions anyway, detailing the specifics of grip and force and angle slowly enough to let Ferlin understand, and, somehow, that is all it takes to make them heed him, see him, to try again with the targets – That is all it takes to make them trust him, and the knowledge laps against the shores of his heart like the tide, slowly lapping its way to shore. xi. these fragments I have shored against my ruins He is flooded with questions after that, questions on what to do in this situation, how to handle someone from that direction from Ferlin, questions on how to avoid being found, which traps are most inconspicuous where from Annie – and at some point the questions turn into tiny anecdotes about Ferlin's first boat trip, and quieter revelations from Annie about sewing with her grandmother and picking tiny bones out of her fish, how they were born days after one another, how Annie would sulk some days, and Ferlin would sing her out of it – a silly rhyme, and senseless: Bright Annie, Proud Annie, Pretty Annie, come and play! – a bond strong as siblings, and stronger than the pull of the ocean when someone offered Ferlin a place on a boat. At some point, Annie and Ferlin beginning laughing at him for his expression when he is teaching, and he sneaks in his own barbs on Ferlin's posture and Annie's grog-green eyes. Sometimes, he catches Mags staring at the three of them with a reproachful look, but Finnick finds he has no trouble hiding from her eyes, and the knowledge that three days, two days, tomorrow and one of them can win only one of them only one . On the night of tomorrow, the three of them are up late into the night, Finnick frantically drilling them on everything they have learned, everything they now know until at last, they stagger to Annie's room and collapse on the bed into a silence so heavy it is nearly restful. It is the night before the Hunger Games, and they are talking not about everything they know will be dragged into the sight of the world tomorrow, but the shine of the seed pearls that are dug out by the dozens when a catch of mussels is brought in. Outside these doors, Finnick is the oldest thing in the world, encrusted with the scum and dirt of a thousand nights spent not-alone-but-abandoned, but inside of them, he is just barely a year and a half older than Ferlin, a brother who has spent his first year at sea, rather than the beautiful monster covered in the blood of so many childhoods. Finnick feels as full as he hasn't since eons and centuries ago when he was thirteen and surrounded by boys who ran with him into the waters, and girls who kissed him gaily in the spray of droplets from the surf, and to Finnick, it is like nothing else in his ancient life – it is like having a home. xii. i bring the horoscope myself Finnick is filled with an unreasonable rush of hope when they survive the Cornucopia – Ferlin has Annie by the hand, and they hurry away from the blood, and he watches the two of them manage to hide from the tributes from 1 and 2, as they search for shelter, and set out their traps – just liked they'd talked about – just as they'd planned, and he can see the relaxation on their faces as night falls and they are alive. Finnick can't hide the helpless part of him that thinks if they can go – if they can go till the end, maybe, somehow, maybe, and then there is a telltale shadow in the leaves, and he thinks no and Ferlin turns to smile at Annie behind him and Finnick thinks no no xiii. who was once handsome