Chapter 1 - Between Us It was good to be back home, doing what he was familiar with, Erestor thought as he entered Imladris' library. He breathed deep, inhaling the essence of every book. The scent of sandalwood wafted past him and he smiled. Lastar, his assistant, had arrived early, and lit Lord Elrond's favorite incense. Such an enlightened and dependable ellon, Erestor thought quickly, and then turned to a window. A beam of sunlight illuminated the dust particles that flew through the crisp morning air. Everything was as it should be. Yes, familiarity was bliss. Erestor had recently returned from an unexpected journey with Glorfindel, a hunting trip. He had left Rivendell as nothing more than a trusted counselor for Lord Elrond, and guardian of his most prized collection of books, but he returned home as Glorfindel's companion and lover added to his titles. Erestor was still adjusting to these newfound feelings for the golden warrior, and told Glorfindel that he was not ready to announce anything just yet. "Just for a while, let it be between us," Erestor proposed the night before, after making love to Glorfindel. He had learned quickly that the best time to make Fin do as he asked was when he was devoid of his usual arrogance and need for control, and Erestor had just finished luring him into that sated and euphoric state. "Only because I love you, Erestor," Glorfindel answered with a languid whisper. "But it may not take them long to figure out what has become of us." "I didn't say forever," Erestor said as he nipped at Glorfindel's nipple. "Only until I get my business in order. I left so suddenly, though with Lord Elrond's permission, but I'm sure things have been accumulating while we have been away. Let me straighten them out first so that my mind will not be overwhelmed by all that has happened." Erestor's dark hair brushed over Glorfindel's chest as he moved to give attention to the other nipple. Glorfindel pushed his lover away, abruptly, taking Erestor by surprise and roughly grabbing his chin. "Are you ashamed to be seen with me?" The words were spoken with a bitter edge. "Of course not," Erestor said, his own anger resonating in his answer. Glorfindel's blue eyes softened, and he gently pulled Erestor's head back to rest on his chest. "I'm sorry. It's only that … I love you deeply, and I want everyone to know what you mean to me. It has been a very long time since I've felt this way, maybe never, and definitely not with such longing and desire." Glorfindel sat up in his bed, and Erestor followed. They looked fixedly into each other's eyes. What could Erestor say to such an admission … that he never could have imagined winning the heart of someone of such legendary notoriety … that it was like gaining the admiration of an untouchable god-like being … that it was sometimes overwhelming to think of it and accept it without worry of it all ending? "You have my love," Erestor answered. That was all he could say for now, and it had been enough, as Glorfindel proceeded to rouse him and return the favor. Erestor stood in one of the many aisles of Imladrias' extensive library, filing books that had not been put back in their proper place. There had been so much to do. Who would have ever thought that leaving for a few weeks would result in so much excess? It left him little time to spend with Glorfindel, and he was beginning to feel the emptiness. And where was Glorfindel anyways? Since they talked the other night, Erestor had dined with him once, but not alone. They had shared the company with some of Glorfindel's acquaintances, warriors with zealous stories of war and the brawn to match. Erestor felt out of place amongst them. He had fought in a war during his youth, and understood their battle terms, but these ellyn had made a career of it, while Erestor settled for a much quieter and safer life. Glorfindel was in his element as he spoke sentimentally of the Twelve Houses of Gondolin, and of his own home in which he had been chief, the House of the Golden Flower. Erestor had heard all the tales before, most of them through stories passed down from one generation to the next, but there was something very powerful about hearing them first hand from the elf lord himself. Erestor beamed with pride for his lover. As Glorfindel told tales of wars long passed, he would cast Erestor a hungry stare while the others were not looking. Erestor answered him with narrowed eyes of warning, not to make a scene and raise suspicions. Glorfindel would just smile though. This was his game, and Erestor had no choice but to play along. Unfortunately, the night ended when a messenger approached Glorfindel, his attendance urgently needed to resolve some kind of problem. He gave his guests his most sincere apologies and bade them all a good evening, but his eyes lingered on Erestor longer than normal. The counselor knew that look well, knew the predatory meaning behind it, and felt his body react at the promise that it brought of a satisfying yet exhausting evening. That had been the last time Erestor saw Glorfindel, and it was two nights ago. He was nowhere to be found in Imladris, not in his usual spots anyways. Erestor could not start asking of his whereabouts, for fear of others wondering why he was inquiring. ' Oh, no reason … it's just that we have recently become lovers and I am in need of his cock, 'said the impish voice inside his head. Erestor laughed at the thought of saying that aloud. It would feel good to tell all of Rivendell that Glorfindel was his. He stopped to think about that for a moment. Was Glorfindel really his, or was he just a plaything to the gilded legend. It was not unusual for Glorfindel to disappear without word. Though he called Rivendell his home, he never stayed there for long intervals. Glorfindel was a wanderer. He did not stay in one place for long, though he always came back. With his sudden disappearance, maybe Erestor misjudged their relationship. Perhaps Fin had a lover in each of the places that he visited. Maybe Erestor was only his Imladris lover. Where else did the warrior wander? Whom did he keep in these other far off lands? That was not part of the bargain, Erestor thought to himself, and he began to anger. When he allowed Glorfindel into his life, it was not to become another knot on his gilded rope. Erestor had been searching for years, looking for the one who would complete his world, who would take him for who he was, and not try to make him something he could not be. He definitely could not be put on a shelf like a trophy waiting for his conquering hero to come back and give him a good polishing, only to be forgotten about until he began to tarnish again. Maybe it was not that at all, he thought as anger turned to worry and abandonment, Erestor's biggest fear. What if Glorfindel had a change of heart? What if he decided the counselor was not a worthy prize? Seeing Fin with his friends, all of them cut from the same robust cloth, had Glorfindel decided that he needed something more than a glorified librarian. He was a warrior, always had been. Could he want someone who exemplified those same qualities? Erestor was no pushover. He had been a soldier once and had kept up his physique as best he could, but he was nowhere close to being like those warriors at the dinner table. Perhaps Glorfindel needed someone like that then. They hadn't slept together that many times. In fact, Erestor could still count on one hand . . . Well, maybe a few fingers of his other hand too. Still, it was enough times that Glorfindel would have decided whether or not it was what he needed from an ellon. He suddenly thought that being a trophy wasn't so bad, compared to complete erasure. At least a trophy held some value. Then Erestor recalled all of the loving words Fin had said to him the last time they had made love. Glorfindel might have been a philanderer once —Erestor prayed that he was not— but he would not say things that he did not mean. Fin was always careful with his words, and the ones he'd chosen the other night were from his heart. Erestor realized that he was being an insecure fool. There was no use torturing his mind with all of these 'what if's'. He had to trust that Glorfindel would be back soon, and with a legitimate reason for leaving without word. However, when he did finally show, Erestor would definitely give him a piece of his mind. No time to dwell on that now though, there was work to do. The library was quiet today for a change, allowing Erestor to catch up on everything that needed his attention. Placing the last book in its place, he wandered down the aisle, daydreaming about his lover, and what he would do to Glorfindel upon his return. First, he would reprimand him for leaving and giving no word. Erestor did not need to know where Fin was every minute of the day, but leaving for days at a time without so much as a goodbye was intolerable. He was feeling quite perturbed with the situation after spending the day thinking about it. Then he smiled to himself, as he thought of how he could use this to his advantage. Surely, he could come up with a punishment that fit the injustice done to him, something that they could both be satisfied with. The anger that had been festering for most of the day gave way to salacious imaginings, "That one would do quite well," he murmured to himself. "But would the other even be physically possible?" Thinking about Glorfindel, he had absentmindedly walked through the library, and found himself standing in a rather scandalous area. At the end of this particular aisle, was a shelf that held a small number of erogenous books. There were seven in all, bound in red leather, and perfectly lined up on their shelf. Each one was filled with erotic illustrations and instructions of how to achieve each sexual position. Years ago, when he discovered the books' existence, Erestor would secretly visit this section of the library, waiting until everyone was gone for the day. During their recent hunting trip, Glorfindel had admitted to catching him here once, and had secretly watched him study. Erestor had been embarrassed when Glorfindel told him this, but now it seemed to reassure his mixed feelings. Fin had noticed him all those years ago, and he was still interested. Erestor wished he were here now, as he felt something carnal begin to stir. He reached to touch one of the books, but stopped. "Damn him," he muttered quietly, bringing his hand back. Erestor needed flesh, not parchment. Where was he? He stood straight, shoulders squared, and he huffed. "Damn his disappearance when I need him—" "Counselor," someone said from behind, and Erestor jumped and spun around to find Lastar. Erestor felt the rush of heat crawling up his neck, readying to spread to his face, but he quelled it with anger over Glorfindel's vanishing act. Instead, he forced a smile, and ignored the books posed in the background. "Yes, Lastar, do you need something?" Lastar was a young elf, born only in the Third Age. He was quite beautiful, but so were most of the Noldor. He had a lovely head of sleek black hair, braided loosely at the sides. His hair was in stark contrast to his light ivory skin,