Those Boots The tension had been mounting all night. From the very beginning of the dinner Erestor felt his blood stir. Glorfindel had strolled into the room looking so regal. Tonight he was held in high honor, and his dress must match his ranking as one of the High Elves. His usual warrior garments would not do for an occasion such as this. Instead, he wore his high collared white silk tunic, and a full length blue jacquard overcoat with gold embroidery. He even wore braids in his hair, something Erestor couldn't remember ever seeing him wear before. Glorfindel looked like he'd been delivered straight from Valinor, and he glowed as though the light of Telperion rested on his shoulders. Erestor had never seen Glorfindel look so magnificent. He looked youthful and fearless, full of strength and vigor, yet wisdom of the ancient times marked the small creases at the corners of his eyes. It reminded Erestor of how long lived Fin actually was, born unto the Years of the Trees. There were only a few elves left in Middle-earth who could claim this history, and they were here tonight. For only an instant Erestor thought he wasn't worthy to be amongst them, or to be worthy to claim Glorfindel as his mate, but the thought quickly dispersed, replaced with the excitement of knowing that this beautiful creature really was his. He could not let his elation show though, not while entertaining such important guests. Tonight, Elrond had invited Erestor and Glorfindel to a dinner party in honor of the Lady Galadriel and her husband, Lord Celeborn of Lothlórien. Erestor was honored to attend, and of course, Glorfindel was always happy to spend time with Lady Galadriel. It had been an enjoyable evening thus far, but beneath all the niceties, the counselor was burning with desire. Glorfindel had been an incorrigible flirt all evening, drawing Erestor's attention to those small things that made his libido shoot through the roof. It started with short glances, Glorfindel's eyes capturing his. But those innocent looks turned into hungry eyes undressing him. Then, the elf lord started playing with his golden waves of soft hair, twisting a strand around his finger. Erestor loved to do this to Fin, the feel of the cool hair sent him into a calming trance. It usually ended with Erestor taking fistfuls of the gilded mane into his hands, as he pulled his warrior lover down upon him. This last flirtation was almost too much for the counselor's weakened resistance. As Lord Celeborn was talking to Glorfindel and a few other guests, the elf lord unhooked the top fastenings of his collar with subtle movements. It wasn't the unbuttoning that made Erestor go weak in the knees, but how he did it, running a finger along the edge of the collar, fingertip swirling over the hidden purplish mark where Erestor had recently bitten Fin during a heated session of love making … and a glorious night it had been, Erestor reflected. Glorfindel had recently been gone on one of his many outings, but this one had lasted a few weeks. Needless to say, Erestor was very anxious to see his partner return, and they made up for those lonely nights. Normally, they would spend an evening with dinner and stories of Glorfindel's latest adventures before retiring to their quarters, but Erestor forwent all the homecoming affairs, and escorted his lover straight to his room. A trail of discarded garments marked the path to Erestor's bed chamber where they had spent an entire evening alone. The normally subdued counselor had dominated the night, finally marking is lordly lover with a deep sucking kiss on the neck. He could still taste Glorfindel's supple flesh upon his tongue, and smell the musky scent of his readiness. Thoughts of that salacious evening made Erestor's body thrum. It was becoming much too difficult to finish out the dinner. Erestor needed to get Fin alone. They had done their duty, and the dinner party was winding down. The meal had concluded half an hour ago, and the wine they now sipped was going straight to Erestor's blood, heating him most deliciously. Now, if he could only get Glorfindel to follow his lead, maybe they could politely excuse themselves from the party. The counselor could hardly wait, he wanted the warrior so badly. His desire was strung as tight as a bowstring. Tonight, Erestor just might have to make a twin mark somewhere upon Glorfindel's body. During a lull in the conversation, Erestor pushed his chair back, stretching his arms as he did, but not trying to look too obvious. After all, this was the Lady Galadriel, not just a common guest. His plan worked so far. No one paid him much attention, but Glorfindel turned his eyes towards him with a quick glance. He was presently speaking with Lord Celeborn, not an easy person to excuse oneself from, but Glorfindel would find a way. Erestor stood from the table, and joined a group of elves who had been discussing some controversial manuscripts from a First Age scribe, something the counselor was expertly knowledgeable in. Besides, it would do to take his mind off of Glorfindel for a moment or two, and get his wandering lustful thoughts under control. As he became engulfed in the discussion, his body and mind composed itself. He was enjoying the rewards of being a knowledgeable scholar, when he was interrupted by a tap on his shoulder. There stood Glorfindel, the scent of oak moss titillating his olfactory senses. Ah, so he had used the lichen based oil after his bath. Erestor had left it on the shelf in the bathing room as a small gift, for he loved the scent and it was most agreeable on Fin. "Good evening, Lord Glorfindel," said one of the elves that stood with Erestor. "I do hope you'll be sharing stories of your latest adventures." "Yes," said another. "We always look forward to it. We've been biding our time waiting for you to entertain us." Erestor gave the others a harsh look of criticism. Did they consider discussing ancient histories with the chief counselor of Imladris, 'biding their time' ? The first elf that spoke caught Erestor's crooked look and blushed, "Present company excluded, of course. We apologize, Counselor. My friend's words did not come out quite right." "Yes, well," Erestor said as he furrowed his brow and turned to Glorfindel, only to find the elf lord amusedly smiling at the cultured group. "I'm sure Lord Glorfindel will be delighted to share his tales, but perhaps he would like a short reprieve before he delves into his stories. You look a bit parched after speaking with Lady Galadriel. Care to join me on the veranda for something to perhaps … wet your tongue?" Erestor's hazel eyes seemed to darken as he addressed Glorfindel, hoping he took the hint. Just a few moments alone so he could kiss those delectable lips, and run his fingers through those gilded cascading waves of Fin's hair. Anything to help ease the lust that was consuming him tonight. It seemed to work. Glorfindel picked up on Erestor's meaning, "Actually, I am a touch weary tonight for some reason. Perhaps I'll turn in a bit early and—" "Nonsense," said a voice coming up from behind Erestor and Glorfindel. They turned to find Lord Celeborn had joined their group. "Glorfindel the Mighty … tired?" He gave a chortle and clasped Fin's shoulder, "I'll believe that the day they tell me that dwarves turn their noses up at shiny things." The rest of the elves laughed quietly at Celeborn's humor, and the Lord of Caras Galadhon continued. "My wife gained your attention throughout dinner. It is only fair that you captivate us now that we have waited patiently to have you to ourselves." Celeborn's smile was infectious. He was a very kind and sincere elf, very difficult to say no to. Erestor saw his chances of getting Glorfindel to himself start to disappointedly slip away. Glorfindel smiled to Celeborn and nodded. "Well now, I suppose I cannot turn down the Lord of Lothlórien, but," and here he turned to Erestor, "I just need a word with the counselor first, if you don't mind." Celeborn and the scholars nodded in agreement, and Glorfindel led Erestor away from the group. They disappeared from the room, out into the hallway. Fin leaned towards Erestor's ear. "Forgive me, Meldanya, but I think I should—" Erestor forced a smile and composed himself professionally. "It's alright. Besides, what's a few moment's wait? Go and entertain your admirer's." Glorfindel stood close enough that Erestor could feel the heat from his body illuminate his own skin. This did not help matters much, as the counselor felt his loins begin to ache. He shouldn't be this anxious to join with Glorfindel. In his mind, it was not very becoming behavior, but he just couldn't seem to help himself tonight. All the flirting between them … it had become wonderfully arousing, but satisfaction was not coming any time soon. Lucky for Erestor, his patience was well developed. "I promise not to be too long," Glorfindel assured him. "Only one story, and not a very extensive one." "I think I will retire to my rooms for the evening. Come when you are done here," Erestor said. "Why don't you go to my quarters instead? I brought you a gift. I meant to give it to you in person, but go ahead and open it if you like. You can tell me what you think when I come later." Glorfindel's warm breath caressed Erestor's ear, making resistance pointless. "Alright," Erestor agreed without argument. "But only one story, and do not let Celeborn talk you into more." Glorfindel bent and lightly grazed his lips across Erestor's mouth, teasingly. "I won't. I promise," he whispered. He stepped away and Erestor was about to turn to leave, when Glorfindel rushed at him, pinning him against a stone column. The elf lord brazenly kissed Erestor, plowing his tongue into the warmth of his mouth. The counselor felt his body liquefy from the passionate kiss. Glorfindel's hips dug into his, and he knew his lover could feel his readiness. Glorfindel released him and huffed a heated laugh into his ear, "Hmph, I love how easy it is to bring you standing." Before Erestor could think of a clever comeback, Fin left and went back to join the growing group of elves who had situated themselves in the sitting room. Erestor was paralyzed at the moment, his legs unwilling to move. He took the time to steady himself and regain his cool composure. He adjusted his braids, took a deep breath, and thanked the Valar that he was wearing his heavy brocaded multi layered robes. Some things had a mind of their own, no matter how much he tried to contain himself. Erestor knew he must seek out the Lady Galadriel and say good evening to her before he retired for the night. As he floated past the doorway to the sitting room, he glanced inside to see Celeborn handing Glorfindel a fresh glass of deep burgundy colored wine. They were settling in for an adventuresome evening of entertainment. The counselor knew Fin loved an audience, and now he began to doubt that his lover could resist telling multiple stories. No matter, Erestor thought, Glorfindel was in his element and enjoying every moment. He deserved the attention. The counselor could wait, he thought unconvincingly to himself. Once at Glorfindel's home, Erestor's spirits began to lift. A gift, he thought, and wondered what it might be. On a table by the fireplace, was a parcel wrapped in plain linen and tied with a piece of twine. It was a fairly decent size package, and he was anxious to find out what it was. He carefully untied the string and unfolded the neatly wrapped gift to find a pair of tall leather