Chapter One I was far from home, lost in this strange land of twisted boughs and tangled vines. Light did not penetrate this canopy, and it hadn't in many long years. The evidence was in the soil, rot and decay all around me. Everything that grew here was warped by the evil that saturated the earth and the air. It smelled like mold and mildew, like the putrid stink that escaped disturbed swamp waters. But there was something else mixed in the miasma that polluted the air … dead things, flesh decomposing into some kind of unsavory, viscous stew. There was only one thing around here that could cause the forest to exhale such an effluvial mixture … spiders. I was long overdue to meet the Wood elves who were to be my guide through Mirkwood. I started to think that they had abandoned me altogether. But I ran into a bit of trouble with my horse, and he threw me and ran away not long after we started our journey along the Old Forest Road. He wasn't my horse, thank the Valar. I'd left my grey at an inn and traded him for a common brown who, I was told, was immune to the odd things that we might encounter along our way. I was duped, of course. The first inkling the horse got that we were entering into dangerous territory, and he panicked and fled, leaving me to continue on foot. I would call him a dumb beast, except that I felt like I was the dumb one for coming here. " Go to Mirkwood , he said. I trust you over anyone else to accomplish this task , he said. Well, balls to that, I say," I complained after stepping on the thousandth gnarled root that line the path. "And a mighty big pair you must have to come all this way on foot," someone said from above. I looked up and found two elves sitting on a branch that grew over the road. They were female, but they dressed like the men, in simple moss green tunics and leggings. They both had long straight hair the color of honey, braided at their temples and tied in the back. From what I could see, they had no armor and no weapons, and they wore soft soled boots that would let the foot feel every grain of sand. I guess I had no reason to complain about my own feet that were well protected by their thick bottoms. I bowed as was proper, though it was difficult with the two of them above me, not in front of me. "Ladies," I greeted. "I am Captain Rúmil of–" "Lothlórien. Yes, we know," one of them finished for me. "We've been expecting you. Should have passed this way two days ago, Captain. We were beginning to think something happened to you." "I … seemed to have lost my horse," I said embarrassed to admit it. "He became spooked on the road further back and–" "Did you get him from Balkí?" asked the other elleth. "In the village of Arstad?" "As a matter of fact, I did," I said, recognizing the name of the man. "No wonder you're late then," said the first elleth. "Should I be worried that I left grey in Mr. Balkí's care?" I wondered. The pair of ellith swooped down and landed next to me as graceful as felines. That's when I noticed they were twins. "He'll take great care of your horse, Captain," said one. "Unless he finds a high bidder," said her sister. "What?" I cried. "Don't listen to my sister. She's a trickster," said … well, I'd lost track of which one was which. "You know my name, my ladies. Might I have the pleasure to know yours?" As I spoke, I noticed that one wore her braids in a double row, while the other wore hers singularly. At least now I could tell them apart. "I am Corweth," said the elleth who spoke to me first, the one with double braids. She seemed brash compared to her sister. "And I'm Messel," said the second. "It is very nice to meet the both of you, but if you'll just show me to an officer or a high commander . . ." I was interrupted by their annoying stares as they giggled. "What?" "We have no commander," said Corweth. "We just happened to be there when your letter came, and then we volunteered to be your escorts," said Messel. "They would let their women risk their lives in this forsaken place?" I wonder aloud, and instantly wished I'd not spoken. Both women closed in on me, eyes narrowed in suspicion. I was a stranger in this unfamiliar and strange land. I should have known better. I'd forgotten what Haldir and Orophin told me about Wood elves. They were unpredictable, just as these two were now. Corweth circled me, watching every move, every flutter of my eyelids, sizing me up. Then she stopped when she came around, putting her face up to mine. "It's a good thing you're pretty, Captain. Otherwise I might have reason to slash you for insulting my kingdom. Mirkwood might seem forsaken to you, but it is my home, and the only home I've ever known. I'd give my life to protect it." "Sister, you cannot threaten a guest of the King," said Messel as she interrupted the very tense moment happening. Then she stepped up to me. "You must excuse my sister. She is very passionate when it comes to our home. I'm sure you meant nothing by it," she said. "No, of course not. You must excuse me Lady Corweth. In Lothlórien, our women are not allowed to participate in army life." "Pfft," she said, making a cynical noise. "Amazing that you have not fallen prey to the enemy then." Corweth backed away and started along the road. "Let's go, Captain. It will be dark soon, and we don't want to be in this part of the forest when the sun sets." I looked to the canopy above. "How can you tell?" I murmured to myself. Ever since entering the Old Forest Road, it had been dark, and I could not decipher between night and day. At least I had found my escorts, even if we got off to a bad start. I made a mental note not to cross Corweth again. She seemed to have a short temper. I was beginning to see why Wood elves had no discretion against women in their army. We walked along the road for a while and I began to wonder. "Where might your horses be, if you don't mind my inquiry?" Corweth gave me a confused glare, and then turned to Messel. "He's serious, isn't he?" Messel shrugged her shoulders, and Corweth turned back to answer me. "Wood elves have no horses. Only the King, his son the Prince, and a few of his court have them." "Then how do you navigate the forest at a quick pace?" I asked. Corweth rolled her eyes, and walked to a nearby tree. She grabbed a large vine hanging nearly to the ground and took it in her hand. "We go up, Captain." She scampered up the vine until she was high up in the tree, where she waited for us to follow her. Messel smiled and grabbed the vine, but she paused to look back at me. "Don't you navigate the trees in Lothlórien?" "Well … uh … we do … but … uh–" "And you call yourself an elf," Corweth called down. "Show him how it's done, sister." Messel looked at me with shy eyes, blinking through her long lashes. "Trust the trees, Captain. Respect them, and they will never fail you. There is always a vine or a branch where you need one." "So you swing through the trees?" I asked with awe. "Swing, climb, run, we travel high in the canopy," Corweth said, hearing our conversation. "The spiders tend not to come up to the top. They fear the sun and the moon. We'll be safer up there than down here." I started my climb up the vine, remembering how I used to do this all the time when I was an elfling. Corweth and Messel made it look easy, as they gracefully climbed higher. I was careful as I started out, but soon I found my footing, and picked up my pace. The sisters would go ahead, and then stop to wait for me to catch up. Corweth seemed to be getting annoyed again. "You'd travel much faster without your cloak," she said. I shook my head with defiance. "I'll not leave it. This was a gift from someone long ago. It has sentimental value that cannot be replaced." Corweth spiraled down her vine, coming back to me. When she reached me, she looked at my cape and then to me. "Give it here, Captain," she demanded. "I said I would not leave it behind, and I mean not to," I demanded. She closed her eyes and sighed. "Just give me the cape, Captain. I'll not do anything to harm it, if it means that much to you." Reluctantly, I gave her my cape, unpinning it at the neck first. Messel watched her sister's impatience, then my brooch caught her eye. "I thought Lórien elves wore a green leaf brooch veined in silver," she observed. "Usually we do, my lady, but I gave mine to a special friend for safe keeping," I said. Actually, Túron, my ex-lover had taken mine to remember me by when he left Lothlórien. Now, I wore a silver elven knot, designed in an intricate motif of intertwining loops that had no beginning and no end. Corweth heard my answer and looked me over from head to toe. "Special friend?" she inquired. Then a fiendish smile touched the corners of her mouth. She came back to where I stood anchored on a large branch, and took the cloak from Messel. Then she gave me a particular glare. "Have you met the Prince before, Captain?" "No, I have not, but I look forward to it, my lady," I answered as cordially as possible to be sure I was on her good side. She gave me a hard look before she smiled. Then she reached around and patted my bum, a most unexpected move. I must have looked as shocked as I felt, for she laughed at my expense, her sister joining in the fun. "And I'm sure the Prince will look forward to meeting you too, Captain." Corweth folded my cape rather hastily and shoved it into a pack that she carried on her back. "For safe keeping," she teased, and with that we were on our way again. When we reached the higher parts of the canopy, we started forward. Corweth and Messel were very agile as they leapt from bough to bough, barely rustling the leaves. They hopped along as though they were on the ground and there was no fear of falling. I was much slower, checking my surroundings before each jump. I knew I slowed the women down considerably, and I feared that Corweth might tire of me and leave me. I found myself putting my faith in Messel. She seemed to be the more level-headed sister who would not leave a guest of the King behind. "You're doing much better than I thought you would," commented Messel. She tended to stay with me and let her sister go on up ahead. "It's been a very long time since I've done anything like this," I said, jumping from one branch to the next. I never took my eyes off my path. "Don't you travel through the trees in Lothlórien?" she asked with surprise. Corweth answered for her. "The elves of Lórien have forgotten what it is like to navigate the trees." "I beg your pardon, Lady Corweth, but we live in the trees,"