Chapter 1 Erestor and Glorfindel were visiting the town of Bree. Glorfindel had a bit of trading business with the local men there, and Erestor decided to join him. It had been many years since the counselor visited the town, and it did not take him long to remember why. Bree was a trading town, and many types of characters dwelled there. Most were honest hard working men, but some were a bit too shady. While Glorfindel was used to dealing with the type, Erestor stayed clear of them. He didn't like having to constantly look over his shoulder, nor did he like confrontation. He was, however, a good negotiator when the situation was legitimate, and found himself doing just that. While Glorfindel dealt with the traders, Erestor happened upon a small, almost hidden store, wedged between a butcher and a tailor's shop. It looked as though the alley between the two bigger stores had been bricked up and a wooden door put in place for entry. There was no sign, just the words, ' Oswin's Archives' , etched into the thick oak door. The light of a lantern flickered through a half moon window about eye level on the door. Erestor tried the handle and found it unlocked, so he slowly opened it. "Hello, are you open for business?" he called before he entered. There was a scrambling of papers and the sound of a chair scooting away from a desk. Someone made mumbling noises and out popped a rather short plump man wearing thick brown robes, rough worn shoes with holes in the toes, and a funny looking wooly brown cap on his bald head. "Good day, my sir," the man called towards the door without looking, as he fumbled with a stack of yellowed parchments on his desk. "And what might you be needing on this very fine day?" Erestor glanced over his shoulder, out at the wet street. Today was anything but fine. It had rained most of the night, leaving the streets puddled and muddy. The air was heavy with moisture and there hadn't been any sun in three days to dry everything out. He turned back to the storeowner and cleared his throat. "Well, if this is a very fine day, I would hate to see what a bad day looks like." The storeowner chuckled. "Any day that a patron frequents my establishment is a good day. I don't get many a customer, you see." He paused and shook his head slowly back and forth. "There is not much need for literature in Bree … unfortunately." "It was an unexpected find on my part as well," Erestor said with a smile, and he extended his hand. "I'm Erestor, Chief Counselor to Lord Elrond of Rivendell." The little man's eyes lit up as he gave Erestor his hand to shake. "Oh my, it is an honor to be sure, my sir, to have an elf amongst us, and one of great importance to boot. I am Oswin … as you might have noticed on my door." Erestor shook hands and smiled most graciously, "An elf I am for sure, but one of great importance … I believe that title would go to my companion, Lord Glorfindel." "I know of Lord Glorfindel. He has done plenty of business in Bree, but not once has he visited my store. Not a literary man then?" Oswin asked as one brow arched in question. Erestor laughed to himself. "No, I'm afraid he takes a more … hands on approach. He hasn't the patience as those of us who enjoy a good read." "Oh, such a shame then," the shop keeper said disappointedly, "Well, that leaves more for you and me, doesn't it?" He brightened instantly and bid Erestor to follow him into the store, "So, are you looking for anything in particular?" "Actually, I wasn't looking at all. I happened upon your shop quite by accident. Perhaps advertising of some sort would bring in more customers." "Ho … I'm lucky to have this small space. You see, I am a great collector of books, and when my home became too cluttered, I had to find room elsewhere. The larger shops were either occupied or too costly for a man such as myself, but when I heard of the quarrel between Hobbs and Brown, I knew I'd found my place." Erestor cocked his head to the side in curiosity. "Hobbs and Brown?" "Oh, you wouldn't know about it I suppose," the chubby owner explained. "Hobbs is the tailor and Brown is the butcher, and the argument between them started over a woman." "Say no more," said Erestor, "Wars have been waged all because of the admiration of a woman." "War, yes, you could say that. Hobbs and Brown were business partners at one time, until they were both swept off their feet by the lady Belamine." Oswin paused. "I beg your pardon, I haven't considered that you might be in a hurry, and here I am rambling on." "I have plenty of time. I came here with Lord Glorfindel, and he is off tending to business. Please go on. This sounds like a fascinating story," replied Erestor. Oswin smiled and waved Erestor over to his desk. "Since you'll stay, would you care for some tea? It's a special blend with a bit of spice. I hope you don't mind spice." The storeowner retrieved two cups from a nearby shelf, and placed them on the desk where a black teapot sat on a warmer, steam rising from its spout. "Sounds delicious, if you have a bit of honey?" asked Erestor, settling down onto a plush chair next to the desk. "Of course I have honey," Oswin said as he pushed a little honey pot towards Erestor. "The best thing in tea if you ask me." Oswin poured the tea and fixed his the way he liked it after Erestor was comfortable. "Now then, where was I? Oh yes … the Lady Belamine, lovely to look at, but a bit prone to overdramatizing to gain attention." "And expensive taste from what you've said," Erestor added. Oswin chuckled with a hearty 'ho ho' and continued. "Very perceptive of you. Yes, Belamine liked the finer things to be sure. I suppose that's what got my neighbors into trouble. You see, she was looking to marry the man who could provide for her the best, and since they were partners, they shared their wealth. At the time, they dealt in common trade, anything from herbs to costly jewels. One month business might be up, and the next it might be down. That's how the quarrel started you know. They were each trying to outdo the other man, and whoever was performing the best was obtaining the attention of Lady Belamine. Eventually, the men broke off their partnership, and they opened their own separate businesses. Brown became a butcher and Hobbs became a tailor. They split the shop right down the middle by erecting a wall to separate the two stores, but it was still too close for comfort. They eavesdropped through the adjoining wall, especially when Lady Belamine came to visit. There were more arguments and more disagreements between them, so much so that they were losing customers, and their businesses began to suffer. It would have been the end of them both if I hadn't come along, and suggested that they each give up a little space and make a buffer between the two stores. Then, I offered to rent the space between, on the grounds that my books would block out any sound between them. I gave them what rent I could afford. The space was just big enough for my collection, and Hobbs and Brown could no longer listen in on each other, allowing them each the space and privacy they needed to court the Lady Belamine." Erestor was enjoying the story and the tea. Oswin was a charismatic man, a nice change from the everyday things and people of Rivendell. He carefully sat his cup on the desk and leaned forward. "And whatever happened to the Lady Belamine? Who did she finally choose, Hobbs or Brown?" "Neither," Oswin chuckled, his cheeks quite plump and pink as he went on. "The Lady Belamine caught the attention of the blacksmith across the street, Alden Foss … the best smithy in town, and done well for himself too. Belamine started spending her time there whenever Hobbs and Brown started ranting with each other. Alden wasted no time, and they married not long after," the man said matter of fact. Erestor and Oswin shared in a laugh at the finish of the story and the tea. As enjoyable as it was, this was a business and surely Oswin had things to do, Erestor thought. And there was no telling how long Glorfindel might be. If he was successful, it wouldn't take long. "So you say you are a collector?" Erestor asked. "I've been compiling books for thirty years now, some rare, some not so rare. If there's something you are looking for, chances are I will have it." Erestor and Oswin discussed their personal collections and the things that were missing from them. It turned out that Erestor had a book of elven lore that Oswin had been searching for, and Oswin had a manuscript written by a scribe from Dale of the accounts of the dragon Smaug and the attack on the old city. "He saw it first hand, mind you, so what is written is actual proof, not just hyped faerie tales. It's one of a kind," said Oswin. "There's even scorch marks on a few of the papers." Erestor was having fun negotiating for this rare document, but he knew he would have to trade for more than just elvish lore. "I will make a deal with you. In addition to the book you inquire about, I'll let you have something very unique, and like your manuscript, there is no other like it. I happen to have a document written in the early Third Age, by a squire named Ohtar." Oswin suddenly became very serious and business like, "Ohtar … scribe to Isildur?" "The very same, yes. You recall the Battle of the Gladden Fields, when Isildur was attacked by orcs and tragically slain?" Erestor spoke with a hushed voice, as though someone might be listening. "I have heard the tales. It was fought under the eaves of Greenwood the Great. Not many survived. Ohtar was one of the few, only because he was commanded to seek refuge in Rivendell, and with him, Narsil … Isildur's father's sword," Oswin answered in his own quiet voice. Erestor leaned forward, elbows on his knees and hands folded, "It took Ohtar months to reach Rivendell, and this document tells of all the dangers he encountered along the way." Oswin's mouth opened in amazement, "Oh, now that is a special piece of history, and I bet not many know of it." "Almost no one, but I found it one day, while rifling through some old archives in Lord Elrond's libraries. Ohtar wrote about his experiences with no intention of passing it on to anyone. I can't be sure why, maybe to cleanse his mind. He mentioned reoccurring nightmares in one of the documents. It was a very trying and horrid experience for him. He was lucky to make it to Rivendell." Oswin leaned back in his chair, and rested his folded hands on his round belly. He twiddled his thumbs, taking a moment to think about his prospected trade. "So, you would part with this document in exchange for the Dale manuscripts?" "And the book of elvish lore," added Erestor. "Seems a fair and easy trade," Oswin answered. Erestor leaned back in his chair now, and stretched his long legs out before him. "I am a simple elf, Oswin, and you seem an honest man." They worked out the details of the trade. Erestor would send