My Place or Mine They decided once and for all that they should live together. When Erestor spoke to Glorfindel about it, the elf lord agreed right away. It was difficult for them to move around from one home to the other, to be without their comforts at arm's reach. Erestor thought it would be an easy thing to accomplish. Glorfindel would naturally move in with him. Glorfindel, being the stubborn-headed elf he was, thought differently. He wanted Erestor to move to his home, but Erestor thought the idea was preposterous. Why would he want to live in Glorfindel's infinitesimal house? Not that he didn't like the place. It was cozy enough, and the view of the gardens was quite lovely. But it was a warrior's abode, and not meant for permanent residence. Glorfindel had, at one time, been away a lot, and when he returned to Rivendell, he only needed a place to sleep. Surely he didn't expect Erestor to live in a place with only two bedrooms, a miniscule kitchen with no windows, but for a round hole in the wall decorated with stained glass, and no veranda, just a porch. The counselor had seen flets in Lothlórien with more floor space than Glorfindel's living quarters. Erestor's home, on the other hand, was very spaciously made up of many rooms, one which was a luxurious bedroom suite. There was a large library… for all of his precious books… a delightfully sunny sitting room and his office. The kitchen was not overly large, but big enough to have a table where he liked to have his meals. And he had a bathing room with a porcelain tub, not one of those wooden troughs that looked like a horse drank from it. Erestor had a most splendid veranda located just off of the bedroom. It overlooked the entire valley below. The autumn season, which was upon them, was Erestor's favorite time of year. There was a tree that stood out from all the others. He could always spot it when its leaves were changing, morphing into such beautiful shades of orange and yellow. At times, it looked like it was on fire. "You can't expect me to give this up," Erestor said to Glorfindel as they welcomed the morning with a cup of tea. They were standing on the veranda admiring the changing of the season. "You can't expect me to give in easily," Glorfindel retaliated. "You always get your way, Counselor, or have you already forgotten about last night." The elf lord's arm slid around Erestor's waist, and he pulled him close. Erestor let a devious smile slip from the corner of his mouth. "That wasn't all my doing. You started it and I finished." "You took over the reins… pardon the pun," Glorfindel laughed. "Anyways, you have no weapons room. Where will I keep all my prized possessions?" "I'll make room, but I'm afraid your assorted daggers and swords will clash with my décor. Can't you keep them in a chest or something?" Erestor argued. "In a chest?" Glorfindel said loudly. "Erestor, you do not take five thousand year old swords and put them in a chest. You display them proudly. Would you put your favorite books in a box and hide them?" "Books go on bookshelves, not in boxes," Erestor protested. "And weapons hang on display, so let me see for myself how your place poses a problem," Glorfindel demanded, leading the way into the house. Erestor, left standing on the veranda, set his cup down and rolled his eyes. Glorfindel wouldn't be happy until this confusion was settled. He entered the house, and as he walked by Glorfindel, the gilded warrior took him by the arm and stopped him. His mouth came close to Erestor's ear. "Did you just … roll your eyes at me, Counselor?" he asked sternly. Erestor readied himself for an argument, but instead of being reprimanded, he was rewarded with a warm slick tongue caressing the pointed tip of his ear. He instantly felt his spine tingle, rising towards the middle of his back as it made his loins ache. Glorfindel was an expert when it came to seduction. Erestor played along. "Will punishment be swift, my lord?" Glorfindel made a low growl into Erestor's ear, "Do you know how you affect me, Meldanya?" He released Erestor and stood back as he looked around the apartment. "There must be some way to settle this," Glorfindel said as he thought of a solution to their problem. From out of the blue, Glorfindel said, "I'll fuck you for it." "What?" Erestor said, shocked. "My place or yours, I'll fuck you for it," Glorfindel claimed, as though he'd done this a million times. "And just what do you mean by that?" Erestor asked, intrigued. "Well," Glorfindel said, "We'll have unbelievably, animalistic, unforgettable sex, and whoever comes first loses his apartment." "That is the worst idea I've ever heard, except for the unbelievable sex. I'm all for that, but not the wager," Erestor said. "No deal, no sex," Glorfindel stated. "And I want you badly, so we are both losing if you disagree." Erestor thought about the preposterous idea, but found it enticing all the same. The best sex they ever had was after an argument, but to use it as a wager, that made it seem … naughty. Fin trying to make him come? Oh, the thought alone made Erestor harden. But even better was the thought of trying to make Fin come first. This was problematic. Fin almost never took his pleasure first. He liked to make sure the counselor was well sated before taking any gratification for himself. On occasion, Fin liked to finish simultaneously, which was a wondrous treat to find one's release while feeling the other's warm indulgence fill him. This thought gave Erestor an idea. "Maybe I have lost my mind, or my scruples, but I will agree to this. We'll fuck for it," Erestor agreed. "Shall we wager here or at my place?" Glorfindel said with a mischievous smile "Neither," Erestor said slyly. "I have a better idea. Let's make this about seduction. Whoever gives in first loses. We must pick a place that can be considered neutral ground." "And where do you suggest we … place our bets?" "I say the library," Erestor declared. "I thought as much," Glorfindel said unimpressed. "We cannot go to the library. First of all, we've had sex there before, and second – since I clearly remember how difficult it was to make you focus because you were too worried about someone walking in on us while in the middle of our act – you'll have an advantage due to this distraction. So I say no library. But I have a suggestion. How about the armory?" Erestor gave him a disgusted look. "The armory? Why don't we just roll around on the dirty ground like heathens?" He flipped his hand in the air and turned from Glorfindel, complaining to himself. "The armory, puh … why the nerve. . ." Now, Erestor turned on his heel to face the elf lord again. "Well, it doesn't sound very enticing, having sex in a room surrounded by hair splittingly sharp instruments of death." Then again, he thought, perhaps he would have a better chance at winning, as he would be too worried about being impaled by some razor sharp sword as it fell from its shelf. "And besides, sex in the armory sounds like you will have the advantage. It's almost like your second home." "Have you been to the armory?" Glorfindel asked. "Of course I have … a while ago … when I was still enlisted in Imladris' army … before the war," Erestor said, fumbling. "The weapons are kept in a long, wide corridor, but at the back is a room … very private … very cozy … no intimidating weapons." Glorfindel paused and laughed fiendishly, "Except for mine." Erestor narrowed his eyes. "Ha, ha," he mocked. "No, I won't agree to this. Think of somewhere else where we haven't made love." Glorfindel gave him that 'you can't be serious' stare, the one where his left eyebrow shifted upwards and his chin touched his chest. Erestor tried to answer his own suggestion. "Well, there's the healing pools." Glorfindel's head moved slowly from side to side. The pools were out of question then. "Or perhaps somewhere within the Hall of Fire?" Erestor said, grasping for straws. "Have you forgotten about the storage closet?" Erestor's face flushed with heat as he remembered the embarrassment of that particular situation. Glorfindel's armory idea was beginning to seem like the only place they hadn't had sex, where they could go and not worry about interruptions, but Erestor would not give in easily. "There must be somewhere to go." "As I said already, the armory." Erestor crossed his arms and scowled. "Well, we haven't had sex there before, but I'm sure you frequented it quite often in earlier years." "Actually, I have never been with anyone in the armory." Erestor was shocked. "No one?" he asked. Glorfindel shook his head. "But it is filthy, is it not?" Erestor could see he was losing his ground. "As I was trying to explain earlier, there is a room at the very back. It has a hearth and a rug. What more do we need?" Glorfindel persuaded, knowing Erestor's fantasies always started with a fur rug in front of a fireplace. "You bring the wine." "And what will you bring?" Erestor asked curiously. There was no use arguing anymore about it. Glorfindel leaned into Erestor, teeth grazing the back of the counselor's ear, and whispered, "My cock." Erestor arrived first, and opened the gate that led into the armory. No one was around at this time of night, and unless there was a sudden call to arms, it should remain deserted. The counselor entered and found flint and a torch. He struck the flint, igniting the soaked cloth of the wall torch. It lit immediately, illuminating the wide room. Each side of the room was fitted with racks that held swords and spears, and long shelves that housed helmets, gauntlets, chest plates, and other pieces of armor. Running down the middle of this room were wooden benches where soldiers could sit and dress, and thick heavy wooden tables. The room was very spacious, making it easy for the elvish warriors to move around each other, especially when they were racing to fit their armor and grab their weapons. When the troops were called, they needed to move at the speed of lightening. Bumping around into each other and wasting precious time was unnecessary. Erestor took a moment to look around at the quiet room, and remembered what it was like to witness such a display. At the time, he'd been a seasoned soldier, and he could remember the entire company moving like a graceful dance. Erestor hadn't been a soldier for very long, and only in his youth. He'd been within the armory before, but he had never paid close attention to the layout, and he'd never been in the back room before. He hadn't been aware of it then. Glorfindel told him that area was reserved for the Captains and their men, a place to spread out maps and discuss strategies. He imagined Glorfindel had been there numerous times, as a Commander of the Imladris army. A vision of Glorfindel standing at a table entered his mind. His hands were splayed on the table, holding down a map as he studied it thoroughly. Long golden waves of the elf lord's thick mane hung over his shoulders, hiding his face as he concentrated on a specific area of the map. His stunning blue eyes were focused on the yellowed parchment, fingers tracing roads or circling mountains as he could see the troops in a series of maneuvers. Glorfindel was an expert at directing military operations. To see him work was like watching an