Title: To Faramir, With Love Author: Ink Rating: T Disclaimer: As a Christmas present to myself, I am giving me the rights to The Lord of the Rings! What's that? Illegal you say? …Bugger. A/N: The story is dedicated to the lovely and talented Helen whose suggestion was brilliant. I hope this had met your requirements and your expectations! Happy Holidays everyone!!!!!!! Warning, contains spanking, if this bothers you please stop reading now. Thank you. Monday, December (present) 9:43 am 'The elf is up to something'. It was really a disquieting thought with which to start the day. It was however, quite true. There was no doubt about it, all you had to do was to look at Legolas and anyone who had known him for even the briefest of periods would have said with absolute certainty that the look that he had had on his face was the look of someone who was up to no good. Aragorn could feel a migraine coming on; this was not the best way to start the day. He wished fervently that he could skip the council meeting, but he knew that it was impossible. With the city still in need of so many repairs, and the citizens, his people, still in need of shelter, and enough food to withstand the entire winter, he had to make such daily meetings a priority. The only problem was, with himself and Gimli occupied at the meetings for hours on end, Legolas was left to his own devices. It was true that he had reached his majority many years ago, and, when necessary, he was a strong and capable warrior, but when there were no such demands upon him; he was really distressingly capable of mischief. Even though the elf's schemes were carefully planned, and mostly harmless, the constant pranking was beginning to grate on the already frazzled nerves of the new king of men. Aragorn made a mental note to discuss their friend's behavior with Gimli after the meeting; perhaps together they could discourage any further 'cheering up' that Legolas may have in mind. Aragorn walked into the council room and found that he was not the first to arrive. His new steward sat at his place next to Aragorn's seat at the table. He stood as soon as he saw his King enter, and Aragorn waved him back into his chair. He had been trying for months to get his young Steward to dispatch with the formalities, but it seemed that Faramir had inherited his brother's stubborn streak. It took much to even talk him into joining what was left of the fellowship for dinner, or a drink, he insisted he felt out of place among their comradeship, and he flat out refused to use Aragorn's name in place of his title. For the life of him, Aragorn could not figure out how to bring this poor soul into their company, at the moment, he would be hard pressed to call the lad more than an acquaintance, when what he really wanted to call him was family. 10:13 am It was not often that Legolas found himself devoted to one task with such single-minded concentration, but this was very important, and deserved his full attention. He was on a mission, and he was not going to let anyone, or anything stop him. He had been trying, they all had, to get Faramir, son of Denethor, out of the shell he had built around himself to protect him from the abuse he had suffered at his fathers hand. Now Legolas was positively determined that the Steward should spend the Yule with them as a friend. Time was running out, and for all his insight and inventiveness, Legolas was running out of ideas. Talking with the man was like talking to a very polite brick wall. He resisted revealing anything important about himself, anything that someone could use against him later was the way he saw it, and Legolas knew that it would be a long process to get him to really trust any of them. Even Aragorn was at a loss, and that made the elf's mind boggle, never had he known someone the ranger had failed to reach. Sudden inspiration had struck yesterday, a way to get Faramir to accept their friendship, and their affection for the somber young man. At least Legolas hoped it would work. If his plan failed, it had the potential to loose them Faramir's trust forever, and Legolas could not stand the thought. He only prayed that Aragorn would understand what he had to do. Legolas mentally discarded his previous plans for the day, the results of his scheduled fun might be hazardous to his health, and he needed to be in top physical form if he was going to pull this off tomorrow. The hardest to accomplish, and most important piece of the puzzle would come first thing… Talking Faramir into it. 7:24 pm "How could I not notice?" Gimli asked incredulously. Aragorn nearly smirked, the dwarf was one of Legolas' favorite targets, obviously he would be aware of the problem. "Forgive me for misjudging you keen insight master dwarf," Aragorn replied. "For the king of men, you cheek rivals that of certain young hobbits," this made Aragorn laugh out loud, and Gimli was glad, Aragorn's laughter had grown seldom of late, and it was good to hear from the man who was being somewhat swallowed by the troubled King. Gimli's eyes twinkled with good humor. He knew that Legolas meant no harm, but he could be an insufferable elfling when he put his mind to it. "What are we going to do with him?" Aragorn repeated his earlier question. "I'm sure there's a flower that needs watering somewhere," Aragorn raised an eyebrow. "It was merely a suggestion," the dwarf said gruffly. The look on Aragorn's face had changed, and Gimli could not figure out what had inspired that thoughtful expression. "What're you thinking lad?" "I was thinking about what to get Legolas for the Yule," he replied cryptically, getting up and heading for the door. Gimli watched him go, bewildered and bemused. Monday, December (past) 1:33 pm Boromir was at a loss, he had so far been completely unsuccessful in finding the perfect present for his little brother. He had been to every shop in the city, he had looked at hundreds of oddments of all shapes and sizes, but nothing was right. He was often perplexed by Faramir's manner. At thirteen, the boy was better spoken than Boromir himself ever had a hope of being, he was bright, quiet, and studious, he was almost the exact opposite of Boromir. He loved lore, language, and above all, his big brother. Boromir hated the way their father treated his shy baby brother, finding any excuse to hurt him for being himself, for not being Boromir, for not being a mighty warrior, for looking like their mother… Boromir wracked his mind as he made his way to the training field for practice. He would be taking command of his father's army in a few short years, and he made sure to work as hard as he could to please the man. When his father was happy, he ignored Faramir, and that was far better than the alternative in Boromir's opinion. He tugged on his bracers, deftly tightening the laces until the leather was snug against his wrist, he would have to continue his search later, although the answer to his problem was still as elusive as ever. If he kept this up much longer, he was simply going to have to go and ask Faramir what he wanted, thus completely spoiling the element of surprise. Tuesday, December (present) 3:12 pm Legolas could not believe his good fortune, not only was it incredibly easy to get Faramir to come out with him, but they had not been seen. Now they were free of the city walls, and galloping across the open fields. "I still think this is a bad idea," Faramir informed him, without much conviction. "You cannot remain cooped up in that stuffy chamber of yours all the time, you will get ill," Legolas replied, enjoying the feel of the wind rushing by and the light sharp smell of freshly fallen snow. Faramir seemed to concede the point and, as he looked to be enjoying himself anyway, made no further mention of it. It really was beautiful, the new snow made their surroundings pristine and flawless; there were no signs of the horrors of the past spring to haunt their peaceful ride. Out of habit, Faramir's hand went to his pocket, but he found it empty. He had one moment of horrible panic, before remembering that he had taken the vial and left it in his chamber. He took a moment to consciously steady his breathing before forcing himself to relax. The reason he had left it behind to begin with was because he did not wish Legolas to see it, he did not want this beautiful creature who had been so kind to him, to think poorly of him. He would simply have to be careful, and hope nothing happened. Thus far neither the elf nor his new King new of the problem that had caused him so much grief with his own father. Tuesday, December (past) 5:54 pm Boromir winced, again, he knew he should just go to his room and wait for Faramir to come out of their father's study, but somehow he found it impossible to leave his baby brother alone, even if Faramir didn't technically know he was there. It felt wrong to think ill of his father, but he could not help it. The man was being so unjust, first he had assigned Faramir so much work that he'd been exhausted all week, and for the smallest of transgressions, the boy had simply been late to dinner, and by three minutes only! Today the list had been so long that it was impossible for someone like Faramir to complete all the chores on time, so now he was being punished for being lazy. Boromir gritted his teeth as the noise of leather meeting flesh came once again through the door. From Faramir, he heard not a sound; both boys had learned long ago that making a fuss during a punishment would only prolong their suffering, though Boromir had been pressed to put this into practice far less often than his little brother. He listened, ear almost pressed to the door, dreading the next stroke, but almost hoping for it so that the punishment would finally be over and he could get Faramir back safe in his arms again. But the sound did not come, in fact Boromir could hear nothing, then their were footsteps and he scurried to his room so that Faramir would not find him and have to face the embarrassment of having had his big brother hear his punishment. 6:13 pm Faramir looked up at the light knock at his door, he knew it was Boromir, and he quickly dashed the remaining tears from his eyes. "Come in," he said quietly. As he expected, it was his brother. "Oh Faramir," Boromir sighed, looking at his disheveled, and miserable little brother, he held out his arms. That was all it took, Faramir broke down again as he rushed into Boromir's arms, he sobbed on his shoulder, allowing all of the thoughts and anger he'd felt earlier to escape knowing that Boromir would listen, and hold him no matter what he said. "It wa-as im-pos-ible Bo-bo-borom-ir," Boromir stroked his hair, and rubbed his back. "I know," he said gently. He hated to see Faramir cry, he was angry at their father for making this sweet tempered young man feel such pain, thirteen was too young an age for the kind of abuse their father insisted on dealing out for the most minor of transgressions, any age would be too young, no man