I stared blankly as I took in the words that Elrond had said to me. I fought the urge to rise from my chair and smack him. Instead of violence, I opted for silence. Elrond sighed when he realized that I wasn't going to say anything. "Ileana, do not mistake what I am saying as a way to cause you harm. It is not my intention to cause you harm whether emotionally or physically." He said. "I came to Rivendell to escape from my past, and, now, you want to thrust me right back into it? You know why I despise that man, Elrond." I said glaring at him. "He does not know that you are alive. It will be a surprise for him when you accompany me." He said. "And why must I go? Someone will need to manage Rivendell while you are away. I do not see how my accompaniment would better the situation. You are only going there to participate in a routine council. It is not as if we are going to war. If war were a possibility, I would go with you willingly. However, it is not, and I am not in the habit of announcing that I am, in fact, still alive." I said. "Do you plan to use me in your favor? Do you think that my attendance will distract him? I am sorry to tell you that it will not work." "You are an elder, and you will go." He said. I frowned at him. "That may be so, but unless you would like his head to roll, I would suggest that you reconsider your decision." Elrond shook his head slightly. "It has been three centuries since the massacre of the Dorian. You should have forgiven his part in it." "You could forgive the man that stood by as your people were slaughtered by orcs? You could forgive the man that disregarded his alliance with your people even though they had aided him in every minor fight that he had? Not even his future queen throwing herself at his feet could convince him! His refusal to aid my people will not be forgiven by me!" I snarled. "That man can rot for all that I care!" I stood from my chair and curtsied to the man seated at his desk. "With all due respect, my lord, I will not attend anything near that damned wood!" I threw the door open, and Elrond stood up from his desk. "You are not to leave this room, Ileana. That is an order." He said firmly. I clenched my fists and looked at him over my shoulder. "As the heir to the crown of the Dorian, I do not have to abide by your orders, Elrond." I felt my powers trying to rip their way through my body, but I forced them down. The Dorian elves held elemental powers. The powers were a gift from the Valar after my ancestors aided them long ago. For the most part, a Dorian elf was blessed with one type of elemental power. In my case, I was able to control fire and ice—ice being a more advanced form of the water elemental power. "Ileana, I don't want you to think that I am forcing you into this. I am asking at Lord Celeborn's request." Elrond said. I spun around and glared at him. "Don't think that you can just toss his name out there and that I will break my neck to please him." Elrond had the nerve to smile slightly. "It was not my intention for you to think that way. He did ask me to request your presence in Mirkwood." "He and I may be very close, but I wouldn't go to Mirkwood willingly unless Celeborn himself was in danger. I will not go just so I can satisfy the curiosity of those that wonder who the unnamed elder is." "If you do not come, Galadriel is ready to expose the identity of the unnamed elder. Unless you want the Elven king himself to make a visit to Rivendell, I suggest that you put aside all of your hatred for him. Wouldn't you enjoy seeing the shock on his face when he learns that you are still alive? Would it not make everything that you have been through worthwhile? He, as many other do, thinks that the Dorians elves were all slaughtered. How do you think he would react when he found out that his ex-lover was still alive?" "I suspect that he would not care. You think too much of him, Elrond. The ellon is cold and heartless unless you have something that he wants. Unfortunately for me, I found that out the hard way." I replied. "You know that I think very little of Thranduil, Ileana. To be honest, I am extremely interested in his reaction to the news. You always like dramatic entrances. Why not make one in Mirkwood? Are you not interested in how he will react to the fact that his former lover is still alive and that she has made no attempt to return to the crown that he had offered her all those years ago?" "And what shall you have me do, Elrond? Shall I go clothed in the ceremonial robes of the Dorian? Should I discard this amulet that hides my scars that the wargs and their riders left on my body?" I asked pulling the charmed starlight amulet from the middle of my breasts. "Do you think that he will feel regretful for what he has caused me? If you think that, you are not as wise as I thought you were." "Thranduil may not be the easiest person to read, Ileana, but I do not think that he is completely heartless. Surely, he would feel some regret for the decisions that he made." He said sighing. "I am not asking you to remove your amulet. I know that you are uncomfortable with your scars no matter how many times I tell you that they do not affect your beauty." I gritted my teeth and narrowed my eyes at him. "I do not wear this amulet because I am worried about how I look. I wear it because when I see the scars, I go back to that day. Would you like to relive what I have been through every time you look in the mirror? I have told you this numerous times. Yet, you think that I wear it for my own narcissism." "I understand that you don't want to relive your past, but you can't let it control you forever." Elrond said. "And you should take your own advice, my friend. It has been longer since Celebrian was taken than my own demons. She would want you to let it go, but you mope around as if she only died yesterday." I replied. After I saw the look on his face, I regretted my words. I sighed and looked at him apologetically. "Forgive me, my friend, you know that I did not mean it. It's just that you always tell me to move on, but it's harder than you realize. I am not only battling the demons that were responsible for the death of my people but some even older than that. If it pleases you, I will take off my amulet. I will try to face my past, but I cannot promise you that it will be done. We have seen many battles, but there are some things that one is not capable of overcoming. Not only was my people slaughtered, but the man that I loved refused to aid them even when he was in the position to do so. Betrayal hurts far worse than loss ever could. I had faith in him, my friend, and he failed me. I will go to Mirkwood with you, but I will not act as if I am pleased to be there. I am only considering going because you are a dear friend and that I cannot refuse my dear uncle, Celeborn." I unclasped the amulet and laid it on his desk. Elrond smiled softly at me and walked until he was only inches in front of me. He slowly raised his hand and traced the scar from a warg's paw that ran from the lobe of my ear to the center of my chest. "This one is not as bad as it once was. What of the others?" He asked. "The one on my back still looks as if it has only just healed. I suppose that is from the fact that the warg's claws were poison-dipped. The burns are a little darker and pinker than my skin. As I said, I have not worn the amulet for all these years to cover up my imperfections. It's more to cover up the painful memories." I said. "Emotional healing takes time, my dear. I cannot imagine all that you have suffered since your birth. The Dorians were always targeted for having magic that not everyone understood. Even when it was common knowledge that their magic was a gift from the Valar themselves. Elves can be fairly cruel creatures if they have the mind to be. I always thought it was a tragedy how the Dorians would go out of their way to help their fellow elves while those same elves denied them any kindness." "Even the ties of love could not sway the decision of the great elven king." I said. "He was a fool, my dear. Everyone is aware of that. Lord Celeborn was furious when he heard the details. He, as well as most, thought you were dead. Celeborn cut ties with Mirkwood for a short period after the massacre. At that time, I hadn't sent word that there was a survivor. I received a very intense scolding for that one." He said laughing. "Had Glorfindel not found me when he did, I dare say that I wouldn't have survived the night." I said. "There was something that I never told you, and I don't think that he ever mentioned it. When he found me, I asked him if he would end my life. I wanted him to end my suffering. I had been walking with my wounds for a couple of days, and I was ready to give up. I remember him shaking his head and giving me a brilliant smile. He said, 'My lady, I do not remember you being one to shy away from a battle. As I see it, your battle has just begun. Allow me to offer you my hand so that you may fight yet another day'. My warrior spirit would not let me back down from a battle, and the battle was a tough one. I remember that I was laid up for a month." "Glorfindel has always had a way with words especially when he is talking to another warrior. Besides, he was just as fond of you then as he is now. You didn't really think that he would have taken your life, did you? He was always going on about how you were a very skilled warrior and a very pleasant elleth. A compliment like that should not be taken lightly when it comes from the lips of Glorfindel." "A compliment from the Balrog Slayer is one to be cherished." I said laughing. "When will we be heading to Mirkwood?" "Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel will arrive later in the evening. We plan to leave in the morning for Mirkwood." Elrond said. "You are going to owe me for this one, my friend." I smirked. "I will make a mental note to repay you for your accompaniment in kind, Ileana." "Who will be accompanying us to Mirkwood?" "Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel, of course. Elladan and Elrohir will accompany us along with Erestor. If I am not mistaking, the Marchwarden and his brothers, Rumil and Orophin, will be accompanying us as well." "Isn't Glorfindel going