A/N: This story is based on the roleplay site that I run. This is the story of the First Games and I hope you enjoy. The link is on my profile if you are interested. D1 14 Breeze Akerman POV: My eyes fly open as I realize what day it is. Finally, it is the Reaping of the First Future Hunger Games. I am so glad that my opportunity for the Games is back again. My family always trained me. It is actually kind of a family game. My father and his two brothers grew up next to Gloss and Cashmere and were always made fun of by them whenever they would meet for not volunteering. Even though they died in the 75th Games, my parents still trained me to win the Games. I get out of bed to see my twin sister, Summer, across the room stirring. We are pretty close, so she is going to wait a year before she enters the Games so we don't have to fight each other. I sigh and quietly sneak out of the room downstairs. My father is waiting for me downstairs and I see him look up from his coffee and smile as I go to the kitchen to get some toast. "Hey Breeze. Are you ready for your big day?" "You know I am dad. You have been training me since I was seven, and you know how lethal I am with spears." "I got you something Breeze." I watch as he turns around and goes into another room. My toast pops up as he reenters the room holding a nice tan dress shirt and black pants. This must have cost him a ton. Even though we are pretty wealthy, we still aren't as rich as many of the other District 1 citizens. The richest are the Sparks who happen to be the mayor's family. I hope one of them is reaped so that they can see how inferior they are to the Akermans. I sit down and eat my toast as my dad talks about how wonderful it will be when I return as a victor from the Games. I know it will be nice, but I am mostly running possible scenarios through my head. Who will be my partner? Will it be some girl that has trained her whole life or some girl that never had the money for training equipment. What will the arena be like? Will it be a forest or will it be a barren wasteland? I nod to my father as he rumbles on about how I will honor our family and that nonsense. I get up and go to my room to get ready for the Reaping as he continues on about making sure to get a memorable kill. I don't need him to remind me, all of my kills will be memorable. I get upstairs and enter the bathroom holding my new outfit. I need to look good to get sponsors for the Games. I comb my hair to my side, not exactly professional, but it will show the Capitol who I truly am. I pull on a pair of dress shoes and pull my shirt and pants on. I open the bathroom door quietly and leave so I don't have to listen to my dad anymore. We can talk when I get back from the Games. I get out of my house and walk off to the Reaping. My friends don't know I am volunteering and I intend to keep it that way, after all they can be pretty annoying at times. I reach the square and I am early so I watch the stage while sitting on a bench. Finally Mayor Sparks comes out and I go to the fourteens section waiting for his speech. He spews out words and I roll my eyes as the escort takes the stage. Her purple dyed skin just freaks me out. She reaches into the girls' bowl and pulls out a slip. "Brooklyn Sparks." The mayor's daughter walks to the stage and I watch as the kids all snicker. I guess they are pretty happy to see a rich child going into the Games. It doesn't look like there are going to be any volunteers either, so the escort walks over to the boy's bowl. She pulls out a slip, but she cannot read it before I am walking out of the crowd. "I volunteer." "How lovely, what is your name." "I am Breeze Akerman and I will win!" I shake hands with Brooklyn while she stares into my eyes. I know that I can win these Games especially if my own district partner is so weak. D2 18 Bane Zephyr POV: I wake up in my cot here at the career school. I have lived here since I was 8 and even though the quarters are cramped, I feel at home. I swing my legs off of the bed and pull on the career school uniform. I walk into the dining hall and see that few trainees are here. The ones that have arrived are mostly talking about the Reaping today when they get the first look at the tributes. They know I am volunteering, but the female tribute is undecided. I grab a protein shake from the refrigerator and a plate of scrambled eggs from the line of breakfasts. I eat the food quickly and leave the hall. I need to get some training in before the Reaping. I enter the large gymnasium where combat skills are taught and I can see one other boy swinging a sword at dummies. I wave to him, but he doesn't seem to notice and continues to hack away. I sigh and walk over to the spear station. I pick up a well-weighted one and let it fly. It smashes into the target and I smirk knowing that that would have killed a tribute on the other end of it. I continue to heave spears at the target as other careers file in to the gym working on their various weapons. Many of them are watching me as they know that I am the tribute to enter the Games for the males of District 2. Finally the time shows that I need to go get ready and I depart from the Training gym into the finer chambers of the building. I go to my locker and open it seeing a nice tuxedo. It must be for the Reaping to help me get sponsors. I pull it on and look at myself in the mirror. Not too shabby. I walk out of the building and walk over to the town square. I can see the kids from the Nut training center eying us as we walk into the square. They think they are so perfect. I wonder if one of them will try to compete with me for the spot this year. None of them could beat me to the stage though since I will be up front in the eighteen year olds' section. I get into my assigned section and listen to the yadda-yadda of the escort. Finally they go over to the girls' bowl. She pulls out a name, but a girl reaches the stage first. I recognize her from the orphans of the district, and she has trained, but not in one of the lavish centers that most of us have. "My name is Rosalie Winters and I volunteer as tribute." The escort walks over to the boys' bowl and reaches in to pick a name, but I beat her up to the stage. "My name is Bane Zephyr and I will be the male tribute from District 2 for this year." I can see out of my eye a kid from the Nut with a bloody nose. He must have tried to volunteer, but one of our trainees gave him a chance to reconsider. I shake hands with Rosalie and smile at the escort. The Games have just begun. D5 14 Claus Fletcher POV: I wake up from my sleep in the shabby house I live in. Ever since my parents got electrocuted, I have had to live with my older brother. He is up glaring at me standing at the foot of my bed and I know that I will have to deal with some sort of lecture. "Claus, you better get ready for the Reaping. Maybe this year you will get chosen and I won't have to put up with you ever again." "I'm leaving to go see Dakota. You should find something to do besides scold me." I get up off of the bed and quickly pull on a t-shirt and jeans. I don't have anything nicer to wear considering that all of our income comes from, lets say less than legitimate sources. In other words I am an assassin and my brother just wastes the money on dumb gadgets. Once I get my clothes on, I run out into the street and walk down to where Dakota lives. I can hear the notes from his voice from all the way down the street. It is a perfect name for a perfect boy, Dakota Melodic. We have been dating for quite a while, but I don't let the girls know, for some of them give me money sympathetically. I knock on the door and his father answers with a tired look on his face. He doesn't really know that Dakota and I are more than friends, and we intend to keep it that way. All of Dakota's siblings are real sporty, so he really stands out compared to them. I smile as he walks out and we walk down to the Reaping. "Claus, what will happen if I get reaped?" "Look, Dakota you aren't going to get reaped. You only have your name in there once so the chances are so low." I am just glad that his chances are low. Mine are pretty high. I have a lot of tessera, but that shouldn't be that bad since almost everyone in District 5 takes some tessera to stay alive. "Ok Claus, I am just scared." "That's natural. Everyone is scared today." He nods and we arrive at the square. I give him a hug goodbye and then check in to the fourteen year olds' section. I can see him in the twelves' looking very nervous. The escort takes the stage and walks over to the girls' bowl. She grabs a slip and reads it out. "Maya Mabel." She is my age and to be honest, she is easy. She has made advances on me before, but I just turn her down. The escort walks over to the boys' bowl and grabs a slip. "Claus Fletcher." Shit, I was chosen. I walk up to the stage and shake hands with Maya. Here is where I make my legacy. D6 16 Nelly Roth POV: My eyes flutter open and I can see my older siblings getting ready for the Reaping. This is a dark day for my family. My brother Todd died in the 74th Games in the bloodbath. I always knew Katniss could win and I had so much hope when the rebellion started. I guess it just had to be crushed by the Capitol. I get out of bed and start getting ready for the day. I have my clothes on quickly and walk out into the street. I would find my friends, but I just want some time in solitude to think about the Games. The Capitol said that the Games will be the same except for one thing. There will be a Quarter Quell every five years. Luckily I will be twenty-one by the time of the first Quarter Quell and immune to the Reaping. I just hope that I can make it until then. I can see many kids painting stuff on the walls of the houses here. I would join them, but if peacekeepers catch