Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, its characters, setting, or anything there-related. If I did, I would be rich… and this would not be fanfic, but something akin to the changes I would have made to the horrendous works SM attempts to pass as literature. … Untrue, so many more changes would have been made to the books that it would, likely, be unrecognizable to the products currently on the market. It was too damn early in the morning to be up. It was too damn clammy and cold to be up. And it was certainly too depressing to be up. She just had to keep reminding herself that this was all for the best. Renee could spend time with her cradle-robbed husband Phil, she could finish high school away from the stupid rumors about her, and it gave her father the chance to bond with her. Nevertheless, that did not stop Forks, Washington from being the equivalent of small-town-hell. It was cold. It was wet. The sky was perpetually overcast, which limited the amount of healthy sunlight she could enjoy… and she was fairly sure that there had been studies about the necessity of sunlight for physical and mental health… and there was little to nothing in town. In fact, the place was so small, she was somewhat certain that her arrival at the stupid school would cause a stir, especially halfway through the year. Equally aggravating about this whole situation was that Charlie was, in essence, a morning person , which she was most certainly not. He had not considered this when pounding on her door earlier that day, despite it being bloody Sunday , and telling her that they would have visitors in about an hour. She'd grumbled, she'd groaned, but she'd gotten up, and showered. They were only getting her in her weekend lazies, whoever these invaders of her peaceful attempt at sleeping the place away were, and certainly no make-up… rare though it was for her to wear any anyway. She'd thrown on a pair of simple sweats, which she always had to roll at the waist because they were a bit big and long on her… but they were comfortable. Her torso had been granted a tanktop, simple and faded purple. She dragged a zip-up hoodie down the stairs behind her, eyes still bleary with the early hours on a weekend, hair thrown into a messy, and still mostly damp, bun. "Glad to see you live, Bells." Charlie smiled brightly at her, mug of coffee in hand, and she blushed, wincing through her squinting at him, at the name. It had been years since she'd gone by her childhood nickname of Bella. When the first snotty girl in middle school had asked if being called that made her feel as if she were actually 'pretty' instead of ordinary, she'd dropped the name. Renee hadn't liked it, or understood the insistence on either her full name or Izzy, but had gone along with it. She'd likely have to go through the same, drawn-out process with her father, if she bothered at all. "Renee… um…" the man's cheeks darkened slightly with a faint blush, which she had inherited from him along with the mousy-brown hair that, on the man at least, was combed neatly. "… said you like your coffee… well… black with sugar." "Black with raw sugar, but yeah." She grumbled, still tired, and squinted at the mug still steaming on the counter. He'd made her coffee. He was an angel sent from heaven. He was a god. He was wonderful… oh god he used Sweet'n'low… "What's that?" He glanced at the packet on the counter, and smiled sheepishly. "Mine. Don't worry. Yours is regular white sugar… I don't know what raw sugar is." He was blushing again, but she smiled at him sleepily, cradling the warm mug between her hands, and enjoying the aroma. Even if he didn't have the right sugar, and few people did really, he had made her coffee… and that was more than enough to make up for having to wake up early on a Sunday. "So… erm… did you sleep well?" No. I'm not used to the incessant drizzle and dripping. And there was creepy creaking of your house's various parts all night. And you snore. Her thoughts went unvoiced, and she gave him a bleary smile. "Mostly. I'll have to get used to the rain." The smile remained in place, making him nod, and blush. The conversation was a bit awkward, if it could even be called a conversation, but the silence was certainly comfortable. They didn't know each other well, and hadn't for most of her adolescent years, but she took after the man enough that they shared the same silent, easily-embarrassed, traits. "We're having visitors?" "Yeah. Billy Black and his son. You probably don't remember them, but you used to play with Billy's daughters when you were very young." He grinned sheepishly again, and settled into one of the chairs, not looking at her for very long. "Jake doesn't go to Forks High, he attends on the reservation, but at least it's one person in town for you to know while you get used to it all." There was an odd, rumbling growl that was slowly starting to invade their hearing, then. As it drew nearer, she suspected it to be some kind of low-flying jet… or perhaps one beginning its dying descent. At Charlie's smile, though, she quickly began drinking her still warm coffee. That was a very suspicious smile. In fact, the smile almost frightened her. Renee had smiled in similar manners just before springing very unwanted shopping trips on her… or that brief, and unfortunate, foray into ballet when she was ten. The rumbling growl became louder, and then quickly petered out, followed by the loud blast of a car horn, and her eyes widened marginally. Charlie left his unfinished mug cooling on the kitchen table, smiling even more broadly, and moving toward the front door. She, in turn, gulped down the rest of hers and moved to follow, throwing on the zip-up hoodie reluctantly. She was still struggling an arm into it when Charlie opened the door, revealing their guests, an old- somewhat rusty- car, and the chill breeze of outside. She shivered lightly, tugging the hoodie a bit more firmly on, and stumbled down the front steps after him. "Billy! Jake!" The enthusiastic tone of her father was unusual to say the least. Even from what little she remembered of her time in Forks, with him, she knew him to be about as expressive as she was, if not less. Taking in the sight of a tanned, friendly-looking man in a wheelchair, and a lanky teen boy of similar features, she squinted again. They looked a little familiar, but the greeting from her father was still strange. "You brought it!" The words startled and frightened her, and she glanced warily from the two people she was inspecting, to her father, and then back again. All three males beamed at her, making her fidget nervously. "Welcome home Bells… it's your coming home gift! All yours!" Charlie's excited tone scared her even more than his enthusiastic greeting of the other two, and she glanced around warily for whatever surprise he'd decided to spring on her. She didn't much like surprises, or gifts. They made her uncomfortable. Especially when she hardly knew the people doing such things. It took her several moments to realize the teen boy was gesturing as discreetly as he could, directly to the car. Her eyes widened immensely, finally taking in what sat in their driveway next to the cruiser. They gently, hungrily, traced over the somewhat dinged, barely rusted, surface that had likely once been a cool, blue-silver, and had now dulled to a generic steel color. The tires looked new, though, and the car itself was something she would be able to identify anywhere. "R… really?" It came out in a shocked, overwhelmed whisper, and all three men nodded. Her throat caught, her eyebrows rose, and unexpectedly, she squealed. All three jerked in shock at the reaction, and Charlie turned bright red as she stumble-ran to him, jumped up at him in a hug, and then proceeded to repeat the procedure with the two she'd barely, if that, recognized. Charlie was still bright red as she ran around the car, catching herself from falling more than once, inspecting every single bit of the outside before even dreaming of looking at the interior. Oh, how she wanted to pop the hood too. "I… um… helped to restore it myself. It still has a bit of a way to go… but it'll get you places and back… and it's got a really solid, strong frame. Better than the body makes it seem… it's why we got this one." The boy said, both men too embarrassed and bemused to really add anything. She nodded eagerly, eyeing the line of the tires, and the balance from one side to the other. It looked like it was well aligned… though driving it would tell her more than just looking. "The seats are still original, but had a few breaks and cuts that one of the other guys from the Rez had to stitch and patch… I had to half rebuild the engine, we were barely able to get it back from the lot." "It's a sixty-seven, right? Manual? It wasn't converted to automatic, right?" She gushed, surprising the boy, and making Charlie chuckle as he pushed the other man inside. The boy stared at her in shock. "Is it really a Shelby? I can't believe it's a Shelby!" The boy was smiling at her goofily as she continued questioning, giggling almost at the pair of fuzzy dice that had been hung from the rearview mirror. "Um, yeah, it's a '67 GT500…" He still had that goofy smile on his face. "You like cars?" "I want to be a mechanic… open a shop restoring muscle cars." She babbled, staring intently at the grill. That had to be a newer addition, considering the state of the rest of the body. She had to get to a library, or book store, and get all of the information on Shelbys, especially sixty-sevens, as she could. The boy had said he restored it to this point himself, maybe she could get him to help her, or teach her. "Um… you're real, right? Like, not gonna disappear." He whispered, making her laugh lightly. "Damn it's hot when girls gush over cars like that." "Down boy… but… you'll help me work on it, right? I want to see if I can buff out, or raise the money to replace, the rusted spots… and maybe repaint it. Shiny black or silver…" Her eyes sparkled as she looked up at him. "How did you guys know about all this? Renee, mom, hates even thinking about me and getting greasy with cars." "It was all luck, really." Jake grinned impishly and moved forward to pop the hood for her, intent on impressing the girl with his knowledge. "Charlie, when he found out you were moving back up here with him, knew he couldn't just drive you around in his cruiser all the time, and got to talking with my dad. He knows I have a thing for cars, and am working on one for myself… and figured he'd see if I could do anything with any of the old heaps that were being auctioned off from the various PDs within driving distance. We lucked out that this one had gotten booted and never claimed… it was a steal. We got lucky that something like this was even available, or in this condition to ward others off. He kept freaking that we should have gotten the little Bug from the same auction instead." "Jake, you have my undying love for convincing them to get this one instead." She squealed again, then bounced in place,