Part 1 The night played tricks with his mind. The moonlight was far away and hidden from his view. For so long the king's hope had been hidden away, trapped far beyond the stars. His choice had been difficult but necessary. He wouldn't let the elf fade away just to keep him near. It would break his heart to watch the starlight fade from the prince. But now…he should have expected this. The elf hadn't come back. Not because his love waned, of that the king was sure. But because he'd lost himself in the trees. They sang to him and made him forget everything else. The trees gave him strength and kept him from fading, but they stole the prince away…and left the king to sadness. "You're hurting," Aragorn whispered softly, finding Legolas in the exact spot he knew he'd be. The trees of his garden were neither tall nor dense, but they were trees nonetheless, and he knew this was the only place the elf could find comfort as of late. "I'm fine…" came Legolas' soft reply. His eyes stared forward, past the trees, looking for the stars. Aragorn sighed and sat down on the cool grass next to the elf. They were both silent for a while, sitting side by side in the nighttime garden, both saddened by the future and by the separation they now assumed to be inevitable. For months Aragorn had watched, helpless, as Legolas had grown sadder and more withdrawn. Their love for one another, as always, flourished, but the folly of their choices had finally begun to show itself. Legolas was fading. Everyday, every night, the starlight that shimmered within him grew a little bit dimmer, taking with it his joy and his strength. The love they shared was no longer enough. Tenderly, Aragorn drew the elf against him, pressing his lips to his silken hair. Legolas returned the embrace, burying his face in the man's chest and closing his eyes. How much longer could he make this last? Every part of him yearned for what Aragorn could never give him. Gondor, for all its beauty couldn't give him peace. He needed the trees and the air of his home. He needed Mirkwood. Yet the thought of leaving Aragorn behind broke his heart. He loved the man more than any he had ever loved in all his long years and he feared that he would suffer terribly if they were parted. But everyday the call to return to the peaceful trees of his home grew stronger, and so his soul was torn in two. "You know I…I won't stop loving you if you leave," Aragorn whispered, his fingers caressing the braids of Legolas' silky blonde hair. He felt the elf stiffen in surprise, but he held him fast, not wanting him to see the sorrow in his eyes. Legolas felt his heart ache painfully in his chest. He knew Aragorn had sensed his melancholy as of late, but he hadn't known the king had been aware of his desire for Mirkwood. "I'd rather have you far away and whole than stay here and slowly fade before my eyes," he murmured, shutting his eyes and simply reveling in the feel of the elf in his arms. "I still wouldn't be whole…I'd be without you," Legolas whispered in reply, pressing himself closer to Aragorn and tightening his arms around him. "But I know how much you need the forests of your home. They give you strength and peace," Aragorn protested. The last thing he wanted was to lose his elven lover, but Legolas' happiness and health were far more important to him. "I need you too," Legolas replied, his fingers slowly creeping up Aragorn's sides to his shoulders and neck. He didn't want to talk about this anymore. He knew they'd have to eventually, but he wanted to treasure these moments alone, now, while he still could. Sighing, Aragorn took one of Legolas' wandering hands in his own and kissed his fingertips. "You could fade away…die even, if you don't find peace and--" Pressing his fingers to the man's lips, Legolas sat up and silenced him. Smiling softly, he shook his head and ran his other hand through dark, soft locks. "I could also die of grief if I was separated from you. I gave you my heart; I'll never get it back." He said it simply, as a statement of truth, but it brought a rush of emotion to the king's heart and tears to his eyes. He knew what fate eventually lay before Legolas because of his love for a mortal man; it never failed to sadden him. Wanting to stop Aragorn before the emotion became any stronger, Legolas moved closer, climbing into his lap and wrapping his arms and legs around him. "I love you," he murmured softly before pressing his lips to the man's. Aragorn sighed softly and slipped his arms around the elf's waist, drawing him closer. Their kisses were soft and slow, both of them reveling in the feel and taste of the other and the way they felt together. Why wasn't this enough? Legolas wondered poignantly. Aragorn filled his heart, mind and soul…so why did he still long for Mirkwood? The longing was never as strong when he was with his lover…in his arms, talking with him, laughing with him, arguing with him…any time his attention was all for Aragorn, his heart was happy and his soul at peace. But Aragorn was king of Gondor and Arnor and could hardly spend his every waking moment with his elven lover. And Legolas didn't even want him to. He normally enjoyed solitude and time to himself. At first the nearby woods in Ithilien had provided him with hours, even days, alone with all that gave him peace. Sometimes, Aragorn would search him out, laughing as he held him close and telling him that he worried that one day he'd lose him in the forests. But Legolas always returned to Minas Tirith and to his lover's waiting arms. But lately, he never left the city and he rarely strayed from the king's gardens, feeling calm only beneath the few trees there. The last time he'd been outside the city's stone walls, almost two months ago, he hadn't wanted to come back. Restless once more, he had left Minas Tirith at night, drawn, as always, by the stars. Feeling even more tense and anxious than usual, he had lost himself in the woods for days. When his heart had finally missed Aragorn more than he could stand, he had begun his journey back to the city. But this time, he had found himself loathing the idea of returning. The stone walls that loomed ahead made him shudder and he found himself wanting nothing more than to turn away and never look back. Finally, after another day among the trees, within view of the white city, he'd forced himself to pass through the gates and return to his lover. It was only when Aragorn had greeted him with such a fierce and almost frightened embrace had he realized how long he'd been away. Almost three weeks, alone and unhappy…and still he had dreaded coming back. He had cried at Aragorn's first touch, confused and miserable. The king was used to tears when they were reunited after a time apart, but he sensed that, this time, there was more to the elf's sobs. But Legolas hadn't told him the reason for his tears, nor why he'd been away so long. He had only clung to the man, wanting to get lost in his arms and forget his confusion. His kisses had been desperate, his touches pleading. He'd cried again as they'd made love, his heart breaking with every soft touch, every warm kiss, every whispered word of love and passion. And now, wrapped comfortably in Aragorn's arms as they sat beneath the trees of the nighttime garden, the elf began to feel those same feelings of poignant heartache. It was, by now, an unrelenting need to be away from the suffocating stone and the constant throngs of people. And he realized now that the solitude and peace he had been able to briefly find in the Ithilien would no longer help. He needed the dense beauty of Mirkwood. He needed his home. "Aragorn…there's something I need to tell you," he murmured softly. Aragorn stayed silent, watching his lover's eyes flicker with uncertainty and pain. Unconsciously, his arms tightened around the elf, wanting to keep him close, knowing that very soon a time would come in which they'd be nowhere near one another. "Do you remember the last time I left the city?" He asked softly, nervously. This conversation, despite his earlier protests, was unfortunately necessary…and the sooner it happened, the better. "The time you didn't come back for almost three weeks?" He asked in reply. Legolas nodded, looking guilty suddenly. Aragorn frowned and tugged gently on the elf's braids when he looked away. There had always been something about that night that had bothered him…something he'd never been able to figure out. Legolas' tears at their reunion had been so sorrowful and full of anguish, and his embrace had been so frantic and needy. He had always suspected it was from more than just missing him. "I almost didn't come back," Legolas whispered, his blue eyes wide with hurt as he looked at his lover once again. The king felt his heart ache painfully in his chest, and he couldn't stop his eyes from reflecting that pain. Legolas saw his reaction plainly and he leaned forward to kiss him, trying to convey his sadness and his sorrow. The last thing he ever wanted was to cause Aragorn pain. That, however, was turning out to be impossible. "Why?" Aragorn whispered against the elf's lips. "Oh love…not to hurt you," he replied softly, running his hands through the man's hair. "I wanted to come back to you ," he continued. "But the thought of actually returning to the city…I…Aragorn, I wanted to run away," he confessed. "I almost turned my back and left. It was… painful to come back. But I love you too much, and I couldn't just abandon you, I…" Aragorn pulled the elf closer and kissed him again, sighing softly at the feel of the soft mouth beneath his. The truth was he had known from the beginning that Legolas' living in Minas Tirith would become a problem. He knew his beloved elf very well and therefore knew that the walls and close confines of the city would suffocate and smother him. And that was what had been happening, what he had glimpsed in Legolas' dimming eyes. The elf was fading. "You want to go to Mirkwood," he murmured as their kiss broke. Legolas nodded. "Yes," he replied simply. "I don't want to leave you, but…I have to go. For no more than a few months…" he said, leaning forward into Aragorn's arms and resting his head on his chest. "When do you plan on leaving?" The king asked, his voice thick with emotion. He swallowed hard over the lump that had formed in his throat, trying not to cry. "I don't know," he elf replied, squeezing his eyes shut and pressing closer to his lover. "Soon," he whispered, his tears finally falling. Aragorn held him tighter and buried his face in his soft, blonde hair. They sat there together for a long time holding each other close, the future looming before them. "He'll come back someday." The soft voice of his queen startled Aragorn out of his thoughts. Smiling weakly, he motioned her closer, leaning against her when she sat down next to him. "When Arwen? When will he come back?" He asked softly, pain filling his words. Frowning, she ran her fingers through his hair and then took his hand in her own. She let his question hang in the air, knowing that he didn't expect her to answer. She