Author's note: Hello there, I hope you enjoy this story as much as I enjoyed writing it. If you enjoy this story and would like to know when I have written a new story or chapter, feel free to follow me on this site, or you can also follow me on Tumblr at gigglixfanfiction. Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games, nor to I claim to. This story is for entertainment purposes only, and no copyright infringement is intended. Number 4, Trident Lane, Net Road "Katnip!" Gale's familiar voice called from behind me, bringing an instantaneous smile to my face as I turned around to look at him. His grey eyes were sparkling although his expression was nothing out of the ordinary. Many people mistook us for relatives, for we both had the same darker skin colour, silvery eyes and dark hair. Our families had grown up in similar places, our mothers friends since their own childhood. We'd known each other practically since birth, so in a way I did see Gale as my brother. Although, rumour had it that he saw me as far more than a sister, and I wasn't so sure how I felt about that. I grinned widely as he walked quickly toward me. "Hey," I replied, watching his straight, dark hair flicker slightly as he moved. A slight smile crossed his face as we began walking again, along the normal route we took to school, past the wide expanses of green fields and large expensive houses. Neither me nor Gale were poor, however we were not 'the rich kids' in our school. "How are you?" He asked, pushing his misplaced hair back. The sky was clear and the sun was warming both of our backs, filling me with a happiness that only ever came out when I was in the sun. It'd been cold for a long while, throughout the Winter and most of the Autumn too. Now that Spring was arriving, Gale and I would be able to hang out in the sun again, taking long walks through the forests that surrounded our houses, laughing and talking like we always did. Our Easter holidays were always spent that way. "Yeah, not bad thanks," I responded, "although a little bit apprehensive." He glanced at my face, a look of concern pulling at the faint creases by his eyes. I was quick to explain before he stressed himself out over nothing. "There's that new kid coming into my class. The only spare seat is next to me, which means I'm going to be the one he talks to." His face relaxed. "Well what's wrong with that?" He inquired, amusement in his eyes. I shrugged, thinking about how this new kid could be absolutely anything; shy, loud, irritating, crazy, creepy, weird, disturbing, clingy, or even suicidal. I had no idea what he'd be like. It shouldn't have bothered me, but somewhere deep in my gut, it bothered me a lot. We walked mostly in silence for the rest of the way to school, only making small talk or discussing the sudden warm weather. When we arrived at the large, white building, we went our separate ways. It seemed like Gale had gone in for a hug, but my attention had been so focused on trying to spot a new face that I almost walked off without saying goodbye. My palms were clammy as I strode into my classroom, smiling at a few people and taking my usual seat by the window which looked out onto the sports field. Whoever the new guy was, he hadn't arrived yet. Ten minutes went by and the teacher was at my name in the register, so I answered half-heartedly. And then, ten or so names later: "Peeta Mellark." My heart thumped a little louder. He sounded like a dweeb. Why did I even care? It's not like I actually had to talk to him. There were a few moments of silence and several whispers as Peeta wasn't there to reply to his name. "Peeta?" the teacher asked, her unanswered question bothering her not in the least. She looked up over her laptop screen, over her half moon glasses, and surveyed the class. Her dark hair fell slightly over the side of her face, and a little strand stuck to her lower lip that was coated with a clear lip gloss. "Katniss," she began, and my stomach filled with a nervous array of butterflies, "could you please go to the office and find out where Peeta is? I think that perhaps he may be lost." What?! Why me?! Oh yeah. I was the one he'd be spending his first few days with. The one who was supposed to make sure he never got lost or was late for anything. My heart was thumping loudly in my ears, and no matter how many times I tried to wipe my hands on my jeans, it was useless; they were damp with cold and fear. What was I even afraid of? I got up out of my seat, pulling my backpack roughly onto my shoulders in an act of defiance and walking quickly out of the room, shutting the white door behind me. The school was mostly white and pale woods, with many brightly coloured paintings and works of art placed on walls and in empty spaces. Although I liked it here and it was a very good school, it was a little too clean for my liking. It reminded me of a hospital. I much preferred the forest by mine and Gale's house, where I didn't have to worry about what I looked like or how I behaved. There, I was only myself. I arrived at the office and waited at the desk for the quite large old woman to notice my presence. There was no sign of any new faces. In fact, there was only myself and one other girl from the year below me. Her cheeks were tearstained and her eyes red. My curiosity took over me, as I began to try and work out what was wrong with her. Josephine, I think her name was… "Can I help?" The woman behind the desk asked, bringing me back to the task on hand and increasing my heart rate again. I fiddled with my thumbs nervously. "Er, yes. Mrs. Judi asked me to find out where Peeta… Where Peeta… Er…" Shit. What the hell was his last name? She looked at me with a raised eyebrow, making me feel super patronized. "Mellark," a velvety voice declared calmly from behind me. I turned, and my heart stopped for a second. His hair, a kind of dirty blonde, ever so sexily cut so that his whole face was showing, had style. Eyes, bluer than any river or ocean, glistening like the stars on an immensely clear night, free from any clouds of uncertainty. And his body… Jeez... I desperately wanted to run my hands down his chest, gorgeous and firm, and his abs… Fucking hell, I could see them through his top. I looked back up at his defined jaw and ended up locking eyes with him. My stomach flipped and I tried to tell myself not to be so stupid. He was probably weird or unsociable. And would never be interested in me. The woman behind the desk coughed. "So, have you found each other then?" She asked sarcastically. My cheeks flamed with embarrassment. "Yes. Thank you. Peeta," I smiled, suddenly feeling more confident knowing that he would never be interested in me. He smiled back, a huge, gleaming white smile that made my insides melt, and I turned in the direction of our first lesson as the bell would be ringing in a moment. We walked in silence to Science, our first lesson. I felt extremely self-conscious and I couldn't stop myself from wiping my clammy hands on my jeans, even though it made no difference. If I needed to shake his hand or something, I couldn't deal with the embarrassment of my sweating palms against his supposedly soft, gentle, warm… Shut up Katniss. He's not interested, he's probably a weirdo, my brain chanted at me. But he was just so hot and there was really nothing that was going to stop me from feeling so self-conscious with him walking steadily behind me. Twenty yards or so away from the office, Peeta increased his speed so that he was walking next to me. I dared not look at him, and my heart wouldn't stop beating so god damn fast. "I never got your name," his silken voice asked curiously, and just the sound of his words made my cheeks go scarlet once again. I didn't look at him, but I knew that his eyes were on me as we continued walking. "Katniss," I responded, looking straight ahead. I noticed that he'd stopped moving and so I turned, my core shuddering with anxiety as he held out a perfect hand, paler than mine with long fingers. For a moment, I just stared at his hand, wondering what to do with myself. I knew that my hands were clammy; I couldn't just shake his hand. Why do things like this always happen to me? It was so unbelievably rude to merely walk away without a word, yet I had no other choice. The bell rang as I wandered away, without so much as touching that tender, charming hand of his. An instant later, his footsteps were behind mine again. We had the same Science class; luckily there was no spare seat next to mine. I sat next to my closest female friend, Madge. I guess we were close friends because of the amount of time we spent together, but in all honesty I barely knew anything about her other than what she looked like and what she thought of certain school topics. It was always small talk with her, although that suited me just fine. I wasn't particularly a chatty person myself, even when I was with Gale whom I trusted more than anyone. Speaking of Madge, she arrived just a few seconds after Peeta and I had awkwardly leaned against the wall outside the classroom to wait to be called in. Her face was slightly wary of Peeta, however she didn't comment on him at all until we were called into the classroom and we'd taken our seats. Peeta made no attempt to talk to her, even when she looked to him inquisitively. "Who was that?" She asked as we placed our bags underneath the desk. The room was large and of course, white, with pale wooden desks and stools that had been artificially engineered. Gas taps, water taps with sinks and countless different articles of scientific equipment were placed precisely in various places around the room. I watched as Peeta took a seat at the back of the classroom next to another boy, whom he politely introduced himself to before talking intently to Mr. Harbor, our teacher. "His name's Peeta Mellark. He joined today," I replied bluntly. There was nothing else to really say other than the fact that he was unimaginably attractive and I desperately wanted to touch him… For God's sake, Katniss , my conscience muttered, get a hold of you and your hormonal self . It became apparent to me that I was never going to be of interest to Peeta Mellark. Therefore I could have nothing to do with him, to ensure that no matter what, I would not find myself concerned by anyone that he did happen to like the look of. I stalked out of school, still trying to get Peeta off of my mind. Why was it that he was taking a hold of my thoughts all the time? I hadn't been able to stop thinking about him throughout the whole day, no matter how hard I tried. It was completely unfair and I had no idea what had gotten into me. "Yo, Katniss!" An