An Unexpected Christmas Nico wasn't sure how exactly he envisioned spending Christmas day, but he didn't think it'd be in the camp's hospital. It started two days after the Winter Solstice. There weren't very many people at camp to begin with, considering many kids were off in the cities for school. Besides that, a lot of them were on winter break and would be visiting their families for the holidays—such as the case with Annabeth and Percy. According to Annabeth, who had come to visit Nico three days earlier, they would spend the week in Manhattan with Sally Jackson and her husband and then take Blackjack out to California to visit her dad and half-siblings. Nico was glad they were getting along and things were going well for them. He wasn't jealous or anything. His feelings for Percy had morphed into feelings of friendship and almost indifference. Nico knew he had idolized Percy, as if he were a celebrity or a god . But there was a gap between them—age, experience, family issues—that would prevent them from ever being more than friends. Oddly enough, Nico was okay with that. Maybe that had something to do with the presence of Will Solace in Nico's life. Ever since meeting him at the battle against Gaea, Will had been in and out of Nico's life. Sometimes he was adamant and demanding that Nico join him for lunch or spend the day with him at the beach (that was a whole other story for another time). At other times, days would pass without a word from the Solace boy. Nico rather enjoyed Will's company, even though he'd never told him that. He was beginning to have deep feelings for Will, and that's what scared him the most. When Nico was with Will, his stomach would flutter with butterflies and he'd feel like he was looking at the world with a clear, sharp focus. He felt warm and comforted, but at the same time, he felt on fire. In contrast, their time spent apart left Nico feeling cold and especially lonely, a feeling he'd had his whole life. He was familiar with it, but yet somehow now that sense of loneliness was ten times worse when he was away. So, yes, Nico conceded that he held feelings for Will, but he was not going to tell Will that. A part of him was afraid that Will would reject him. If that happened, he wasn't sure he could stay at Camp Half-Blood. He didn't want things to change between them. But along with that, Nico wasn't sure he could trust his feelings. Yes, he was more or less over Percy, but that didn't mean it didn't hurt. He had spent the last two years pining after a guy that was clearly in a relationship with a woman he loved. Everyday had been agonizing. He found it too good to be true that he would find someone within his reach, someone that actually wanted to be with him just as much. He desperately wanted to believe it was true—that someone could truly crave his company and accept him, faults and all. But Nico had spent the last years mostly in solitude, drowning in his loneliness, fated to be an outcast. He had grown up believing that he would always be alone. Currently, the camp held no more than sixty demigods. As mentioned, most of the demigods had traveled back to their respective homes to see their families over the holidays. Nico, of course, was one of those that remained at camp. He supposed he could have travelled to California to see Reyna, Frank, and Hazel, but he figured Frank and Hazel would spend the day together, and Reyna most likely would be bogged down with keeping Camp Jupiter up and running. Besides, he didn't want to bother them and he wasn't feeling up to shadow travelling. (If he were being 100% honest with himself, he would admit that he wanted to stay at camp in case Will wanted to spend time with him.) Jason and Piper had taken a flight to see Piper's dad, and apparently Jason had been pretty nervous about it. Jason had showed up at Nico's cabin late at night a week ago, informing him of the events about to take place. Jason seemed nervous to officially meet Mr. McLean, forgetting the fact that the man was a fairly famous actor that spent most of his time with his personal assistant, working on his next movie. Nico had to sit through two hours of listening to Jason rant continuously about the same thing, all the while reassuring him that things would go smoothly, it was no big deal, be yourself, etc. The dark-haired boy rolled his eyes at the memory. He could honestly and proudly say that Jason was his best friend. Ever since he had found out about Nico's feelings for Percy, he'd been nothing but supportive. He seemed genuinely interested in spending time with Nico and getting to know him. Nico appreciated that. The kid was goofy— and goofy-looking with his glasses now , Nico thought sarcastically—but maybe Nico needed some goofiness in his life. Nico sighed, shrugging on his black wool coat. It was December 23rd. As was custom every Winter Solstice, his father was allowed to reside on Mt. Olympus. This year, his father had requested a meeting—today—at a coffee shop in Manhattan, of all places. Nico wasn't exactly sure what was going on, but he assumed it wasn't anything good if his father wanted to speak to him in person. He stepped outside into the frigid air, a light layer of snow dusting the ground. He shut the cabin door behind him—wiggling the handle in order to make sure it clicked, a problem he'd have to fix when he redecorated—and took approximately four and a half steps before stopping in his tracks. He turned around slowly, staring up in a cross between horror and confusion at the Christmas lights strung up on the ledge of his cabin's roof. The bright blues and reds and greens contrasted sharply against the cabin's black and silver paint. He blinked once. He blinked twice. A feeling of irritation began building inside him. His eyes narrowed as he scrutinized his living quarters. After a minute, he noticed a white note taped to the front door, a note he'd missed when first leaving. Nico stomped up to the door and tore it off, nearly ripping it in half. He unfolded the notebook paper and instantly recognized the handwriting, his heart skipping a beat. Nico, I'm sorry, but I cannot continue to let your cabin be Scrooge amongst the Christmas decorations. I'm doing this for your own good. -W. Solace Nico snorted at the smiley face placed inside a sun written beside Will's name. P.S. I spent my precious time late last night putting them up—by myself, mind you—so don't you DARE take them down. Nico's eye twitched as he crumpled up the piece of paper, shoving it in his back pants pocket. He would just make one stop before heading to Manhattan. "You put Christmas lights on my cabin." Will rolled his eyes. "Well, hello to you, too," he replied sarcastically. "Also, you can't be in here." Nico ignored him along with the kid Will was stitching up. They were in the Big House's "hospital," which was really just a couple spare bedrooms and a storage room. Will was sewing up a gash a kid had gotten from slipping on some ice, nearly taking his arm off with his own sword. The blonde-haired medic was sitting on a stool while the kid's arm rested on the bed beside him. Next to Will was a tray with gauze, nectar and ambrosia, sutures, and a few other items needed to stitch up the wound. Nico unconsciously did a once-over of his friend. He was wearing jeans, sneakers, and a green and gray plaid button-down. His hair was slightly wind-tousled, but his bright blue eyes bore into Nico's, temporarily forgetting about the patient before him. Nico ignored his pounding heart. He retrieved the torn note from his back pocket and held it up. "You know you could have just asked." Will gave him a patronizing look. "Would you have said yes?" The dark-haired boy narrowed his eyes, biting his lip in growing irritation. Will smirked. "Didn't think so." He turned back to his patient—a kid of Hermes—who had been watching the two with amusement. Nico huffed, but Will continued on. "I wasn't trying to make you mad. I was just trying to bring some cheer to your dreary cabin." He made it sound as if he had done Nico this huge favor. "I think you can handle them for a few days. I promise I'll take them down the day after Christmas." Nico didn't appreciate Will's sarcastic tone, but he just muttered, "You better." Will bit his lip to keep from smiling. Nico gave him one last glare before turning on his heel to stalk out of the small room. Will's joking demeanor dropped as he called, "Hey! Hold up a minute!" The Hades kid stopped, raising an inquisitive brow. "Yeah?" "Want to have lunch together?" Will asked seriously. A flutter deep in Nico's stomach. "I wish I could, but I have to go to into the city." Will's brow furrowed in confusion. Nico watched with a grimace when he pulled the needle through the kids skin, finishing the suture. He wasn't squeamish about needles or surgeries or anything like that, but more of how calmly and quickly Will was running through the procedure. "Why do you have to go there?" Will asked, honestly curious. Nico shifted in his stance. He chewed on his bottom lip. He clenched and unclenched his hands. "My, uh, dad wants to talk to me." Will paused, frowning. He gave Nico a worried look, scanning his face. After a few seconds, he returned to the project at hand, finishing the last suture. "Do you know why? Or what he wants?" Nico shrugged. "I honestly have no idea." Will hummed in response. A minute passed in silence in which Will finished stitching up the Hermes kid. He gave the kid one last drink of nectar before standing up with a promise to return shortly. Will peeled off the white latex gloves he was wearing and threw them in the trash before walking over to Nico. He gestured to the hallway and they stepped out of the doorway, facing each other. They were nearly the same height, give or take an inch. They were standing a foot apart. Nico had his hands shoved his jean pockets, trying desperately to calm his frantically beating heart. Will was looking at him with concern and worry apparent in his bue eyes. "Are you going to be okay?" Will asked. "I mean, if you want me to come…" Nico's jaw dropped open in shock and awe. That was the last thing he expected to hear. Nevertheless, it sent a warm feeling through his chest down to his toes. "Y-yeah," Nico stuttered. "I mean, no—I'll be okay. I'm not worried about my father. More about what he wants to talk about." Will studied the dark-haired boy's face for a few seconds before giving a small sigh and a faint nod. "Well…if you're sure. But if something goes wrong, promise you'll tell me." Nico deadpanned, "Pinky promise." Will grinned, showing off his white, straight teeth. The smile caused Nico's heart to skip a beat, his face heating up in response. Nico nodded and was going to leave but Will grasped Nico's wrist, stopping him. Nico looked at him expectantly. "Good luck," Will said, giving a more-subdued smile. "And please be careful." Nico gave a wry, crooked smile in return. "Trouble usually finds me no matter what." Will grimaced. "That's not comforting." The dark-haired boy rolled his eyes. "I'll be fine, Will." Will sighed and finally let go of Nico after a