This is a story I've been working on over the past week. It turned out way differently (and longer) than I originally planned, but I like it. So, here's Part 1 of this two-part story. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own PJO/HoO! Time Is On My Side Percy figured he would be the first of his friends to die. He had hoped, anyway, that that's how things would turn out. He couldn't imagine living in a world without his friends, both Greek and Roman. He couldn't imagine living without Annabeth, especially. He didn't want to live in a world without them. Living without them meant that he'd failed in his duty to protect them. As Fate would have it, his wishes and hopes went ignored, and the exact opposite had happened. The famous demigod found himself inside a familiar building located on the west coast. Though he hadn't been there since he was twelve, he recognized the waiting room in Los Angeles that housed spirits of demigods awaiting passage to the Underworld. He saw many spirits waiting in line by the elevator, some sitting down either looking bored or chattering angrily, and some pacing the small space. He also noticed that the spirits looked different than when he was alive. They appeared more solid, and though they still passed through objects seamlessly, Percy could see distinct faces and features. If he stared long enough, he could see hints of a skeleton beneath the soul. Self-consciously, he glanced down at himself, taking in his standard sneakers, jeans, camp shirt and jacket. He patted his jean's pocket out of habit, expecting to feel a pen residing within, and faltered when he felt nothing. He felt a phantom feeling of his heart skipping a beat before realizing that he was dead . He didn't have Riptide anymore. He wouldn't need it. Scowling, he approached the high-standing, black oak desk where he knew the ferryman Charon resided, playing a video game, as per usual. When he reached the monster, he cleared his throat unnecessarily and said, "Alright Charon. Get off your game and take some of these spirits downstairs already." An eerie quiet filled the room, as if all the spirits had heard his words. A melancholy sound emitted from Charon's game device, signaling that his character had just died. His ghostly hands had stilled on the buttons. Slowly, he lifted his gaze, sockets hidden behind dark Aviator sunglasses. Percy winced at the monster, partly seeing his true face due to his own spiritual nature. Charon's jaw clattered into a twisted, annoyed smirk. "Well, well, well. Percy freakin' Jackson. About time you showed up here." Percy lifted his chin defiantly. "Not by choice this time." "I can see that." Percy licked his lips absently—again, a motion that was unnecessary. He glanced about the room, noticing other spirits nervously darting their gaze back and forth between the pair. Percy continued on. "And I can see that you still aren't doing your job." Charon's teeth clicked together and he turned his steely gaze onto the dead demigod. He scowled. "Still trying to do justice on this side, huh? I'm curious—how exactly did you die?" The former son of Poseidon clenched his teeth. "That doesn't matter. I'd like to get on with this whole death thing, if you don't mind." Charon smirked. "I do mind, actually. I'm not handing out special treatment, especially to you ." He pressed a button on a machine sitting on the desk and a white slip of paper printed out. Charon grinned. "Take a number. Have a seat. Next boat leaves when I defeat Bowser." Percy felt a flash of anger release in him, and, unable to pull out a sword to take it out on Charon, he swiped at the fake plotted plant on the desk, knocking aside into the wall. Charon frowned. "Hey! I liked that fake plant." "Yeah, well, tough. I'd like to get to the Underworld. As would a lot of these spirits." Suddenly, the air in the office grew cold. Percy felt nonexistent goose bumps on his skin. He glanced towards the other spirits and found them pacing more restlessly, chattering loudly and more angrily. He looked back to the ferryman and sensed a hard glare behind the sunglasses, causing Percy to take a step back. "Listen, you little brat," Charon continued in a dark voice. "I don't take orders from you. I have one boss, and half the time, I don't even listen to him." A comment like, Wow, you must be employee of the month, passed through Percy's head, but he figured it would be smart to keep silent. "So, take a number. Have a seat . Or, give me a reason to blast you into nonexistence." Charon gave him one last glare before leaning back in his chair. He pressed a button on his game and it roared back to life. The tense air relented and the spirits surrounding him seemed to give a sigh of relief. Dejected, Percy clenched his teeth to keep from giving a snarky remark and snatched the line ticket from the desk. He glanced down at the number. 305,867. He glanced at the digital counter above the elevator. 165,387. Oh man. Percy could understand how some of these spirits were going nuts, sitting there, waiting for their number to be called. He hadn't been there that long (at least, he hoped he hadn't) and he realized that, with nothing to do but wait, one had time to think about a lot of things. Specifically the life they'd left behind. He rubbed absently at his lower left side of his abdomen, a phantom itch that had been bothering him since he'd died. He remembered everything about his life. He even remembered his own death. He remembered watching his friends die—who died first, who he couldn't save. The first one to go was Thalia. The whole thing had been mysterious, and Percy still wasn't quite sure what had happened exactly. He remembered seeing her turn up at Camp Half-Blood, but she'd seemed different. Not as…other-worldly. After conversing with the daughter of Zeus, Percy and Annabeth had come to find out that she'd been kicked out of Artemis's Hunters. She wouldn't explain why, however. When asked, she immediately clammed up and absolutely refused to talk about it. Respecting her boundaries, the pair didn't bring it up again. It was three months after that when she'd been fatally wounded in a battle outside of Manhattan. After losing her immortality, Thalia hadn't stuck around Camp very long. She claimed she felt claustrophobic there, but Percy suspected there was a lot more to the story than what she was giving them. Nevertheless, he was a good friend and didn't push her. Maybe he should have. Thalia would normally keep in contact with the pair, sending Iris-messages every couple days or so. But after a week of not hearing from her, Percy was starting to get worried. Chiron shared his sentiments and immediately sent out a search party. Percy had taken Blackjack, hoping to find some glimpse of her from up in the sky. He should have realized something was wrong with the wind whipping viciously in his face as rain poured down. Thunder boomed after lightning lit up the sky, a constant rumbling causing the hairs on Percy's body to stand straight up. Percy could hear Blackjack complaining and worrying in his head, but he pushed the horse forward, intent on finding his friend. And when he finally found her, he nearly emptied his stomach. He wasn't sure how he spotted her. It should have been impossible, considering where she was at and the storm raging overhead. But maybe something—or someone —had wanted him to find her. He swooped down to an alley situated between two abandoned buildings on the outskirts of town. Percy quickly dismounted, nearly falling flat on his face, and rushed to the dark-haired girl's side. She was lying propped up against the brick wall and a dumpster. Slash marks ran across her stomach and dried blood covered her legs. Her skin was ice cold, her body stiff with rigor mortis. She'd been dead for a while now. That was when Percy stumbled backwards against the opposite building. Tears rushed to his eyes and he keeled over as his stomach emptied itself onto the filthy ground. The rain continued rushing down from the sky, wind still gusting through the alley. He wiped his mouth and stared down at his friend, feeling anger and guilt and sorrow and a million other emotions rush through his body. He choked back his sobs, forcing his body to move back to her. He needed to get her back to Camp. He wouldn't— couldn't —leave her here to wait for the search party. Carefully, he'd gathered her into his arms, pulling her small, limp frame against his body. More tears rushed down his face and he had to clench his eyes shut to keep from losing it altogether. Taking a deep, shuddering breath, he motioned to Blackjack and the horse obediently lowered down to allow the demigod easy access onto the horse. As they rushed back to Camp, the wind seemed to let up immensely. Percy vaguely realized through his sorrow that this storm must have been Zeus' doing, indicating that he was upset. It made sense now. Shortly after Percy arrived back at Camp, word had spread that Thalia Grace was dead. Jason had been one of the first people to arrive at the Big House. His eyes had been frantic and wide, as if he couldn't believe them until he saw for himself. When he'd laid eyes upon her, he didn't cry or make any sound. Having not known about Thalia the majority of his life, it was hard for him to feel any deep sorrow. But he did feel remorse at losing his only sibling, at losing the chance to know her better. He never really registered Piper wrapping an arm around his shoulders. He just kind of floated down into the chair beside her bed in the hospital and stared at her helplessly, jaw slackened and eyes darting across her form as Will Solace worked to clean up the wounds as best as he could. Percy had held Annabeth tight, feeling her back shake with silent sobs as he fought back his own tears. The next day, they'd had the ceremony to burn her burial shroud. It had been an unusually cold, cloudy day for June, a record low according to the local weather reports. As everyone began gathering in the pavilion for the rest of the ceremony, Percy could have sworn he'd seen a flash of platinum blonde hair towards the back of the crowd, but when he looked again, the person was gone. In his grief, he didn't think too much about it. The sun didn't shine for the next week. Percy shifted on the leather couch, rubbing at his stomach again. He glanced up along with other spirits as Charon suddenly growled loudly, standing up and throwing his game down on the desk. He walked around his desk, muttering obscenities under his breath, and approached the elevator. He stepped inside when the doors pinged open, and spirits began chattering excitedly as they poured into the elevator. Charon must have known which spirits were allowed, because those that weren't were met with a hard shove. "Back off, you leeches," Charon demanded. With a final shove, he hit the elevator doors and they closed off, transporting the monster and his souls to the Underworld. Percy sighed, as did many other spirits, and leaned back against the couch. He wondered if any of his friends had gone through this too, or if he was the only one who'd had to wait. He deserved this, that was for sure. Maybe this was his punishment. Maybe he had to stand by and wait, forever watching other souls make it to their paradise. That's how it