Disclaimer: The Hunger Games belong to Suzanne Collins. For Aquarpisc. I hope you love it! Thank you to my beta: fnur and to misshoneywell for all their help. Part One "Lick my stick?" My head whips around to meet the bright green eyes of Finnick Odair, who smiles seductively toward me with a cocked eyebrow. " What?" "Sorry" he grins impossibly wider, flashing a peppermint stick in-between his fingers. "Oral fixation." "Oh..." I take the stick from his hand and hold it up a little in a silent thank you before swiping it past my lips nervously. It's only been a few weeks since I started working here regularly and although I hadn't been so stupid as to expect to grow used to it overnight, I have a feeling I will never get used to porn stars approaching me. Especially ones as famous as Finnick Odair who are scarcely dressed and telling me to lick their sticks. Dear lord. There's a strange feeling I've only experienced a couple times before... it's kinda like everything around me looks shiny and off balance and I can't quite remember why I'm there or what I'm doing... Standing here, clutching the table set off to the side of me and staring into the sea-green eyes of Finnick Odair has me wondering what the hell I'm doing here. Two weeks ago, I was working at a low-grade coffee shop located ten minutes from my apartment and directly across the street from a Starbucks. Our target audience was the inner-city hipsters who felt Starbucks was "too mainstream" and chose to choke on our watered-down blends instead. Business was slow, tips were nothing to write home about and the hours were too long for the wages I was making... Basically, I hated it. But, it was a job and in a bad economy, a job at a shitty coffee house is better than nothing at all. It paid the bills on my shitty apartment and bought me shitty food and left room for little to nothing else in between. So after a particularly decent tip day, I decided to wash a load of clothing down at the laundromat - because honestly, soap and water in the kitchen sink only goes so far. The place was pretty empty, with just two other people sitting silently in front of their machines. As I fed the washer my quarters, I noticed from the corner of my eye someone looking up at me over their magazine every so often. From the few glances I chanced, she looked familiar... but I couldn't pinpoint where I'd seen her before exactly, and wasn't about to go ask. Probably school, I'd figured, taking the open seat one down from hers. Having the balls I lacked, she introduced herself as Annie and made some sort of joke about the prices being too damn high here. As it turns out, she actually lives in the same apartment building as me and had recognized me from awkward elevator trips and the few times she found herself desperate for a cup of coffee and the Starbucks line too long. "That shit sucks, just so you know," she chuckled with a raised eyebrow and I actually allowed myself to smirk, nodding in agreement. We got to talking, bumped into each other in a couple random places over the next couple of weeks and Annie came to learn that I had been desperately searching for a job. Turns out she had one for me. She had warned me it was less than ideal, to be the on-set bitch but it paid significantly more than the coffee shop and had better hours. Plus, all I had to do was keep a steady supply of food available for the stars, run a few errands here and there and then basically... just... stand around. "I don't think we've officially met since you've started on set," Finnick says, bringing my focus back to the present and extending a hand in my direction. The gesture seems oddly formal given the circumstances, but I accept it anyway, taking hold of his warm hand in my own and giving it a firm shake. "Katniss Everdeen," I offer when he doesn't loosen his grip. His mouth hangs half open mid-reply when his name is shouted across the set loudly. Our heads snap in the direction of the voice to meet the gaze of the stage director who curls a finger in Finnick's direction. "I uh... think you're needed." "I think you're right," Finnick says with the nod of his head before he throws it back dramatically and places the back of his palm over his forehead. "Oh, the perils of being a celebrity." I smirk and he rolls his eyes playfully before giving my shoulder a pat. "Catch ya later, Katniss," he calls out, mid-step. As he walks, he begins to unfasten the belt of his thin robe, allowing it to fall into a lump on the floor. I catch the faintest glimpse of his ass before averting my eyes to the table as a deep heat stings the back of my neck. "You know... for being on a porn set you sure do blush a lot." I look up from the bowl of apples I've been eyeing for the past minute to meet Annie's smirking gaze. Her arms are folded across her middle and her left eyebrow is raised in a perfect arch. My hand grabs hold of one of the apples, tossing it back and forth between my palms with a shrug. Because, what could I really say? Nudity makes me uncomfortable. It's actually hard for me to not close my eyes right now... I don't understand how someone can just walk around with everything... hanging... out. "You're a tomato!" she accuses with a snort. "What? Do you think he's cute?" "Wha? Ugh, no! I-" "Oh just stare, would you?" she nudges playfully before her eyes glaze over slightly and her arms turn to jelly. "He's got an ass carved by the gods..." "Or a stair master..." "Annie!" Finnick turns around to call and she laughs when I let out a small and uncomfortable groan at his... front view. Her top teeth stick out to clamp down on her lower lip and she swipes her tongue over it slowly before stepping past me to catch up with him. Annie isn't an "errand girl" like me. Though, when I had made the mistake of asking her, she kindly informed me (after laughing in my face) that there was nothing wrong with being the "errand girl", it's just that she was not one. " So... if you're not a... you know-" " A porn star?" " Yeah," I spoke quickly, my cheeks stinging. "If you're not one of those, and you don't help out around set... what do you do?" " Oh I help out around set, I just handle more delicate matters than food." When I raised an eyebrow at her Annie cheekily informed me that she was Finnick's "personal assistant" which was basically the more acceptable way of admitting to being his "fluffer." Hand-picked by Finnick Odair himself, Annie has been "assisting" Mr. Odair for over two years now, helping to get him (and keep him) aroused in between his takes. "My mom thinks I work in an office," she'd snorted, wiping tears from her eyes from what I could only imagine my expression looked like. God only knows what my mother would say if she learned about my current employment. Not that it's any of her business what I choose to do with my life, but she always seems to pry her nose where it doesn't belong anyway. We haven't talked much since I left home for school and each of our brief conversations and visits have been marked as unpleasant at best. But, I still keep in touch with my little sister, Primrose. She's seventeen now, a senior in high school and has aspirations to move on to med school to become a nurse, possibly even a doctor. She's smarter than I was back in high school, and has worked hard to earn different scholarships and acceptances into schools across the country. I'm proud of her, and quite honestly relieved for her, that she won't go through the same financial stress to pay off loans and bills that I am currently. "Quiet on the set!" A stage manager calls out as the lights dim in the background. I hadn't been aware people outside of old Hollywood movies actually said: quiet on the set. Plutarch Heavensbee appears a moment later, walking past me briskly, creating a small wind that trails behind him. It took me a while to understand that he was the director, because in comparison to his "help" he's much quieter and mild. But he's perceptive, and when he notices something is off he quickly adjusts it before moving on. Mostly when they're filming, I watch him - partly because it still feels weird to watch two (who am I kidding, sometimes even three or four) people going at it, but also because he gets this strange look on his face as he observes. His eyes kind of squint, and he rubs the side of cheek while his pen taps against the notebook he holds. If something goes wrong, he only holds a hand part way up, and wordlessly production stops. If it's right, he simply allows the actors to follow through. It's odd, but I find his presence to be an odd mix of comfort and intimidation. "Where is Finnick?" he wonders, glancing around the open room with furrowed eyebrows. Johanna Mason, another well-known star in the industry, climbs up on top of the large bed in the center of the "room" and pulls the covers over her legs. The thin piece of lingerie she sports outlines her nipples completely and does little to hide what the bottom half of her looks like. I turn my head in embarrassment, feeling my cheeks and neck sting and go back to counting damn apples. Five, six, seven... "I don't know, but he better hurry the fuck up! " Johanna shouts the last part, intending for Finnick to hear, and plays with a styled spike of her short hair. "Things are getting a little dry on this end." "I'm coming, I'm coming," Finnick huffs, filing out of a room off to the left, Annie follows a minute later. I only let my eyes skim far enough to see his exposed calves and turn back to the fruit, listening as I hear him jump onto the bed, adjusting the covers over him with a loud and dramatic sigh. "Ready, princess?" Johanna teases and Finnick snaps his teeth at her playfully. I made the mistake of asking Annie one time if they were a couple, and she laughed at me, barely able to get the words out for several minutes but just shaking her head from left to right. " No!" she bellowed, like I was really fucking dense for not knowing. "Just good friends. You should have seen them the first time they had a scene together - like deer in the headlights!" " You mean they knew each other before..." " Yup," she snickered. "Old roommates. Both tried out and signed for extra cash, never thought they'd end up working with one another." Johanna lets out a loud and passion-filled gasp which causes my head to snap up in her direction. Her head cranes back as Finnick laps at her neck, his hands busily roaming over her body as hers stay firmly planted in his hair. "Ohhh Keith." "Keith? Really?" I turn in the direction of the quiet voice curiously and come face-to-face with a man I've never seen around here before. He has one hand shoved in his jeans pocket and the other reaches out for a donut bite, shoving it past his lips as he rolls his eyes and shakes his head. "I mean,