What You Deserve "Lily... are you awake?" The air swallows my words in its silence, leaving only the faint chirping of birds and motor of a lawn mower in the distance to be heard. I rap my hand against the door once again and wait for a moment... nothing. I sigh with mild annoyance, pushing a hand through my hair tiredly before making my way down the hallway to the only bathroom in our small apartment. I snatch my toothbrush from the holder it sits in, right beside Lily's bright pink one and scrub my teeth quickly before rinsing with mouth wash. When I glance back at her room, darkness still shines through the cracks. " Lily," I whimper, leaning against her door in desperation. "Come on, it's time to get up!" A faint groan sounds from the other side of the door and when I knock again, it turns into a full-blown growl. "Five more minutes," I barely make out between her incoherent mumbles. "Lil, you told me you were setting an alarm for five . It is now... it's five thirty-two and we need to leave in fifteen minutes!" "Ugh!" "So technically, you've had thirty-two 'more minutes,'" I continue with a smirk as I hear the floorboards begin to creak beneath her feet. I glance down at my watch before adding, "Thirty-three, actually." The door opens suddenly, causing me to lose balance and stumble into the wall to keep from falling completely over as her head pokes out with annoyance. She looks me over with squinted eyes and a disarray of hair before the corner of her lip turns up like a rabid dog. In the mornings, she might be worse, actually. "I'm up," she croaks before the door shuts again. "Lookin' lovely this morning, Sunshine," I chime, snickering when she grumbles for me to 'go away' in the distance. It's been three weeks since Lily graduated high school and not a single day has passed yet that she hasn't spent in bed until noon. She's more than used to working in the bakery, just not at six in the morning. Usually not until six at night, actually. But I only have seven weeks left with her until she moves away for school, so I was more than thrilled when she expressed her desire to start working the mornings with me. I just wonder how long it'll all last. Orange or grapefruit juice? I text her from the kitchen, pulling out two glasses and popping a loaf of cinnamon raisin bread into the oven to warm. It takes only a couple seconds for her to respond: Orange. And then half a second later: :) thanks. I pour liquid in until the glass is half-full and stop, knowing fully well she never finishes all of her juice in the morning. She comes flying down the stairs in time for me to pull the bread from the oven and begin slicing it. She bends at the waist suddenly, throwing her damp long hair over the front of her face before piling it up into a bun on the top of her head. A couple strands of blonde curls fall loose around her ears and when she catches me staring, her face twists into a look that is terrifyingly close to her mother's. "What?" she asks with skepticism, sipping on her juice as she takes the same chair as always. "Why do you wear your hair like that?" I question, grabbing hold of the bun just to be annoying. She swats my hands away playfully, but her lips twist up in the corners despite herself. "You look like you belong in Whoville." "Wow, thank you," she snorts, rolling her eyes when I chuckle. She takes a bite of her bread before spreading butter across its middle. "You're making me regret my decision of waking up." "I'm just saying," I shrug. "Collin likes it." Ugh. Fucking Collin. If I never heard the name again, it'd probably be too soon. My face drops into a scowl and Lily's brightens in triumph. "He's lying." "Is not." "Come on, bring your breakfast in the car, we have to get going," I say, chugging the rest of my juice before heading down the hallway. I grab her sweater from the closet before unlocking the door and holding it open for her to pass through. She grabs the sweater from my hands as I give her bun one last flick. "Is too," I laugh when she swats in my direction. "You're too young to be interested in boys." "I'm seventeen." "My point exactly." Ninety minutes into opening and Lily and I are sitting in twin stools, slouched over the counter with mugs of coffee in our tired hands and rain beating hard against the windows. "Your turn," she speaks flatly. I glance down at the half completed crossword that lays sprawled between us and scan for the remaining hidden words. We've been at this for the past forty-five minutes and are currently on our third puzzle in the book. I find a fairly easy one: Tennessee, one of the longer words in the puzzle and highlight it in orange. "Nice," she notes, nudging my arm a little before sighing deeply. "You do this every morning by yourself?" There's a hint of sadness to her tone that makes me shift uncomfortably in my seat, but I plant a firm smile on my face and brush a stray piece of hair from her eyes. "It's not so bad," I promise earnestly, feeling slightly relieved when her posture brightens. "Someone's got to do it and it might as well be me." She laughs and I smile before the door brushes open with the first sign of business all day. "Hi, welcome to Mellark's Baker-" the words stop cold on my lips as I lift my head and lock eyes with her. She shakes out her umbrella and runs a hand over the long braid that falls over her shoulder. When her gaze meets my own, her lips twitch up in the corners and she pulls her bag up higher on her shoulder. "Good morning," she greets, and it takes a full ten seconds for realization to dawn that she's talking to me. "Oh! Uhm h-hi... I mean... uh, good morning to you! Hey. How's it going?" I stumble, running a hand through my hair as I jump up from my stool, practically knocking it over. Lily grabs and steadies it, quirking an eyebrow my way as I silently thank her. "What can I get for you?" I ask, trying to keep my tone neutral as I step closer to the counter. "Your cheese buns are the best I've ever tasted," she smiles, "And a large coffee. To go, today. Early meeting this morning, definitely in need of a pick-me-up." "Ahh, yeah... you've uh... gotta hate... early." "Guess I shouldn't complain to a baker, huh?" she winks and I feel my cheeks burn at the slight gesture as I swallow deeply. "Ah well," I chuckle nervously. "Um... cheese bun. Right. I'll grab that for you, t-they're good, they're um... fresh!" She chuckles a little as I turn quick on my heels and head for the oven where the buns are still warming. I can feel my heart pumping wildly in my chest and my hands shake as I grip the tongs and grasp one of the toasted buns. I stick it in a paper bag, folding over the opening twice before turning back towards the register, surprised to see Lily standing there with the coffee already ringing her out. "Thanks Lil," I mumble, trying not to sound too dejected as I slide the paper bag across the way into her waiting hands. She unfolds it immediately and rips apart a piece before popping it past her lips. A delicate moan falls from her lips in appreciation and my hands twitch nervously by there sides. "No prob," Lily shrugs, knocking me back into reality. "Figured it was best to keep you away from the scalding hot liquid." The burning in my cheeks spreads to my neck with her implication, but I pretend not to notice as I mindlessly begin wiping up flour from the counter. "Well, thanks for the delicious breakfast," Katniss speaks pleasantly, rewrapping the bag and tossing it into the slouched purse that rests on her shoulder. "See you later, Peeta." "Yeah, I'll see you later then! Okay... um... b-bye!" I watch as she disappears out the door, back into the rain and smile a little as my mind chews over her last words. See you later is good right? I mean, I know people just say it to say it, but this is different. There was the prospect of more in her tone- An obvious clearing of the throat knocks me from my internal debate as I glance over at Lily, who's arms are folded over her chest and eyebrows raised with suspicion. "What was that?" "What?" "What the hell just happened?" she demands a little louder. "First of all, language-" this earns a groan, "and secondly, could you be a little louder? I'm sure all of Panem has not heard you yet." "You were a freak!" she deadpans, throwing her arms up in the air. "The only thing that would have made that less bearable would have been if you had tripped and fallen on your ass." "Language!" "Oh my God, Dad, ass!" "God, don't tell me that," I sigh, running a hand through my hair in embarrassment. "Did I really embarrass myself that badly in front of Katniss?" Her mouth opens in response but freezes as confusion washes over her features, and then her eyes widen. "Wait... she has a name?" "Lily..." "Who the hell is Katniss? You know her?" I pull at the collar of my shirt, suddenly it feels too tight. "She... she'll come in from time to time," I say coolly, but I shrug a little too harshly. "How long has this been going on?" she demands and I glance at the floor. "A while." " How long?" "A year... or you know, two." "What!? Two years? An attractive, young woman with no ring on her finger has been coming in here buying your "famous" cheese buns and being all flirty for two years and you failed to mention this once? Just once!" "I resent the way you use air quotes around 'famous'." "You're avoiding the topic of interest." "It's just not that big of a deal," I sigh in exasperation, moving past her to start rolling out new buns now that the rush will soon begin. "Um Dad, I think we need to install some cameras in here because you did not see the way you just acted." "So I was a little flustered," I shrug, wincing when she snorts forth a giggle. " A little? You were a freak!" she emphasizes for the second time in ten minutes. "Always great talking with you, Lilypad." "Ugh, don't call me that." "You used to love it when I called you that!" "I used to sleep with Cookie each night, but do you see me doing that anymore?" Cookie is the stuffed teddy bear I got Lily one year for Christmas. It was a tight year; after my parents found out I not only got a girl pregnant at fifteen but I was planning on caring for the child by myself, they kicked me out of the house. If it wasn't for my older brother, Rye, I'm not entirely sure where Lily and I would have gone. Anyway, it was our first year moved out of Rye's apartment. Lily was six and I was dead flat broke. But how do you explain to a six-year-old that Santa Claus wouldn't be coming because all of his checks were bouncing? Cookie was the only real gift I could afford that year, besides some treats from the bakery and a couple of coloring books. There was nothing from