Disclaimer: The Hunger Games Belong to Suzanne Collins. A big thank you to jeeno, asparaguseye and misshoneywell for all their help with this one shot. This was originally a Christmas present for tigers24. Take Care 6494. I glance down at the number written messily on paper before me then back up at the one scripted nicely on the side of the rather extraordinary looking penthouse. This must be it, I think to myself, lifting my hips up slightly from their spot in my seat to tuck the crumbled paper inside my jeans pocket. I lean over into the passenger side of my car and roll up the window by hand, the air immediately becoming muggy and unbearable inside. I can't help but think that my small and beaten up car must look out of place parked on the side of this upscale neighborhoods street as I walk around the car, manually locking each door up, although there's nothing terribly expensive inside to steal. Just a couple of the belongings I managed to grab from the curb before the garbage truck could come take it away lay sprawled out in the backseat of my car. I have no real right to be angry, I reason as I feel the familiar swell rising within me. In my landlord's (or rather former landlord) defense, he did warn me that if I was late on one more payment, they'd padlock my apartment door. I just never thought it would actually happen. All my somewhat expensive things they must have decided to sell for money toward my tab, but luckily they threw away some of my less valuable pieces of clothing and a ton of my old pictures from back home in Virginia. When Mom found out from Prim that for the past week and a half I've been living out of my car, she immediately demanded I come home and knock off this "independent shit." But by twenty-three years old, crawling back to "mommy and daddy" isn't exactly the first option that runs through ones mind. Or an option at all, really. Not for me anyway. Call it a pride issue, but I refuse to admit they were right. That I'm incapable of caring for myself or that I was wrong to move away fresh out of high school a couple years ago. They never had faith that I could do it, always assumed I'd come running back. " What are you going to do in New York City?" Mother had scoffed when I first applied to a couple different schools there. She was completely taken back by the atmosphere change, having only ever grown up in a small town, never having left the heart of Virginia I have to admit I was slightly nervous too. But in my few years of living here, it's never been bad enough to leave. Obviously school hadn't worked out, which was the second time I disappointed my parents (the first being when I actually left) and after that, it's been one large fucking downward spiral. They don't really give a shit what I do with my life anymore. They're sick of giving out "wasted advice." All of these events combined are what essentially leads me to the door of this house; 6494. I lost my job as a waitress at a fairly popular bar nearly a month ago. I got into it pretty rough with the management and quit before they had the chance to fire me. At least if they had fired me I'd be getting some sort of unemployment. But once again, there's that pride issue shining through. The bar job wasn't that great anyway. Sure it paid some of the bills, but for the most part I was always going without something; heat, water, power, something. It always kept me afloat, but that wasn't the way I wanted to live for the rest of my life. This job, this house right here, is sort of my last-ditch effort to make a sufficient amount of money with little to no qualifications. Help needed! The advertisement had read: Position: Full-time Nanny. Times: Monday-Saturday 7am-9pm. Number of Children: 1 Age: 5 Benefits: Housing, food, 7 days vacation. Qualifications: We'll talk at the interview. Pay: We'll talk at the interview. Position available immediately! Please call - - I press in the large doorbell and it rings out loudly for about a minute, the tune carrying on and on before finally coming to a close. The entire ad seems a little sketchy, but then again, so is using gas stations bathrooms to wash up in. I'm in no position to be picky at this point, especially when there's free housing being offered. I hear footsteps grow closer to the door and straighten up my posture, smoothing out the wrinkles of the blouse I splurged on and fixing my braid through the reflection given off from the storm door right before the main one opens. I'm taken back by the man who stands before me, wearing a very professional-looking tie and dress shirt which he straightens out at the sight of me. His eyes seem to widen slightly as he takes me in before a look of confusion passes over his features. He looks exhausted. He runs a hand through his messily arranged hair before opening up the screen door and allowing me to pass through. "Uh... Katniss... Everdeen?" I stare at him for a long minute, long enough for his confused expression to deepen before I snap myself out of it and finally nod shortly. "I uh, I guess I wasn't expecting... well, I mean... you're just not what I expected," I stammer, feeling my cheeks grow red. "You're not exactly what I was expecting either," he speaks back, his tone harsh and body language dismissive. "I'm Peeta Mellark." "Nice to meet you," I offer, tonelessly. The air feels nice against my sticky skin and as I cool off, I glance around the interior of the house quickly, noting how neat and organized everything seems to be. It didn't appear very "child friendly." "This way," his voice breaks the silence and I snap my head in his direction, only to see he's half way down the hallway. I walk briskly in order to catch up with him, and he leads me down the hallway, through the kitchen and down one more smaller hallway until we hit a door off to the side which remains closed. He presses it open effortlessly and holds it, allowing me to slip through, which I do with a timid thanks. The office is well lit, with the sun pouring in through the opened curtains off to the side and one long book case along the back wall. Mr. Mellark (Peeta, did he say?) walks over to the long wrap-around desk and lowers himself down into the large black swivel chair before pushing himself closer in, adjusting different papers around. Every free spot imaginable is piled high with stack after stack of folders and papers, and I note the small supply of cups and dishes tucked away in the corner. This desk is possibly the only messily arranged thing in the house. At least that I've seen. "Okay, okay," Peeta speaks, almost to himself. "Ms. Everdeen. Uh..." He takes a deep breath in and his head lands in his hands immediately before he almost bashfully looks up to me. "I don't know how to fucking do this," he admits almost breathless and leans back further in his chair. "I mean, what kind of questions do you even ask a nanny?" I'm not sure if its rhetorical or if he's expecting an answer, but I clear my throat and sit up straighter in the chair he's pulled out from the corner for me. "Well, um... I don't have much experience in nannying, but growing up I looked after and cared for my younger sister a lot of the time. I have my own transportation, and I'm CPR certified-" "-Great." "Great?" "You've got the job." I look to him with furrowed eyebrows and questioning eyes. "I..." "You start now." "Uh," I begin, and let out an awkward chuckle, gripping the armrests of the chairs rather tightly. "Don't you want to ask me more questions? Get to know me?" Make sure I'm not some sort of serial killer or rapist before you hand over your child to me? "What more is there to know? You know how to stop the kid from choking and keep him entertained. That's good enough for me, you're hired." "But-" "Look," he sighs, and that same annoyed tone from earlier is present again. "I've been kind of thrown into this whole... 'parenting thing' overnight, and I don't know the first thing about it. You're hired to deal with the kid, while I deal with this," he motions to the large stack of papers I noted earlier. "Got it?" I stare at him for a long moment before shrugging my shoulders, rising from my seat as he does his. "Sure," I mutter, with so many questions left unanswered. My mind focuses in on his words; how he's been thrown into it overnight. I can't help but wonder if something has happened to his wife, or girlfriend (or ex) that gave him full custody alone. Not to mention, the fact that he apparently has no family to help. Or who wants to help with his attitude. Hopefully, the child is not as moody. "Can I meet your son?" I ask as he opens the door leading out of his office. His face immediately scrunches up in distaste at my assumption and he begins shaking his head furiously. "Oh no, he's not my son, he's my younger brother," he snorts and I swear I see a shiver run up his spine at the mere thought. "Oh," I mumble, feeling as though it's not my place to question it any further, though the curiosity is present. "Well, his- our parents were in a terrible car accident," he briefs me, as if talking about a story in the newspaper. "Died on the scene." "Oh my god, I'm so sorry" I gasp. "That's horrible!" "That's life," he replies shortly with a shrug. "I'm over the immediate shock." It's hard to imagine this stone faced stranger ever expressing any sort of emotion, really. "Is he?" I whisper, unsure of where the child is, but Peeta either doesn't hear me or chooses to ignore me, calling up the staircase for his younger brother. "Rye! Come here for a minute!" It only takes seconds for the pitter patter of little feet to sound from above and for the small blonde-haired boy to come jumping down the steep stairs. He lands in front of Peeta and looks up at him with round eyes and a winning smile. He's practically a "mini me" of his older brother. More smiley though. "What have I told you about running in the house?" Peeta snaps, the bags under his eyes deep and pronounced. It looks like he's gone days without sleep. "Don't," The young boy repeats, nodding his head once in time with his words. "So why do you do it then?" he hisses in response. Because he's five. "I don't know! I forget I guess," the little one chuckles with a shrug and Peeta breathes deeply with the roll of his eyes. "Katniss, this is Rye," he introduces, his tone laced with boredom. "Rye... this is Katniss. She's going to be here for a while." "Why?" "Because I need some help." "Why?" "Because..." another heavy breath. "There's been a lot of changes lately." "Oh." "Yes," Peeta nods, pushing him forward to say hello. I bend down to his level and look him in his bright blue eyes, smiling naturally in his direction. Immediately, his hand reaches out for the tip of my braid, which he runs his fingers over gently before grinning widely. "Hello Rye," I say gently, hoping my calm tone will balance out his