Disclaimer: The Hunger Games belong to Suzanne Collins. Thank you to my beta: fnur for all her help with this one-shot. This was originally written for the Day 3 prompt: The Fair on tumblr's Pr ompts in Panem. Enjoy! I'll Be Seeing You... I know it'll be a long day when a breeze so warm it's nearly suffocating circulates through the open window before I leave for the morning. I close the blinds in hopes of blocking out some of the sun that has caused the paint on the windowsill to bubble and peel, but can't close the window entirely. The AC has been broken for a couple of weeks now, and every morning I swear to god I'm going to call someone to fix it. But by evening I'm too tired to give a shit. I was right though, this day is never ending. It's a little past three in the afternoon and the tarp I take cover under does little to nothing to block out the sun's persistent glare. "Better get used to it, kid," Sae snickers when she notes me putting on my third coating of sunblock for the day. "Summer's just begun." "I'm used to it," I argue stubbornly, to which I earn a snort which holds a tinge of finality to it. I fall back into the old and slightly uncomfortable lawn chair that I can't really complain about because it was provided to me for free... and it beats sitting on the blistering concrete. This heat is nothing out of the ordinary for Panem summers. And I am used to spending long days outside in it. Working at the county fair is definitely not a job I acquired recently. I've been selling jam for as long as I can remember. This is just my first year alone. People have literally traveled hours just to sample my father's homemade fruit jams. He's made every kind under the sun - strawberry, raspberry, blueberry, peach, apricot... you name it, he's jammed it. And it really is delicious. But, that's because he cared. He cared about the people he was selling to, always prided himself off of making others happy. And he cared about his family - which is why he always worked his damnedest to earn an honest living and keep us eating and clothed and in our modest home just a lil' ways up the street. He did a damn good job. But, he's not around anymore to do the caring himself, which is why I vowed to do it for him right before he passed a few months ago during the earliest signs of spring. Dad was a young man, but he was sick. In the off-season of jam selling, Dad worked long hours down in Panem's only local mines - and even sometimes in the summer, just to keep a steady income. Those were the days he'd put me in charge of the stand here and Prim would play my typical role as the "helper." Well, ya don't need a degree to know the air down in mines ain't so sweet. Breathing it in day in, day out didn't do much for Dad's health and eventually, his lungs quit trying. I swallow a large lump that forms in the base of my throat at the thought and turn my head in the opposite direction of Sae, crossing my arms over my middle comfortably. My foot rests lazily inside of the wagon I use to cart back and forth the jars of jam and I find my fingers weaving and twirling the bottom portion of my braid. It's vital I appear confident even though I don't feel confident. The spot Dad's acquired at the fair over the years is prime real-estate - one of the busiest intersections in the whole park. He's worked years to build up the reliability and quality of his business. I refuse to let it all crumble in a matter of months. As much as Sae likes to tease me, she's proven herself to be a trusted ally to my father. She's a big woman, at least over sixty and has long and beautiful gray hair she keeps tucked back in a ponytail. And she sells the best pork I've ever tasted. Sae actually owns her own restaurant in town, she just runs this stand in addition during the summers, for extra business. In the past, I'd overheard her and father chatting about possibly collaborating during the colder months - she allows Dad's jams in her diner, Dad gives her ten percent of profit, but they never quite worked out the logistics of the whole thing before he died. And she hasn't mentioned a word of it to me, yet. I think Sae is still trying to figure out if I'm enough like my father... just like everyone else is. Business has been slow these past couple of weeks without his friendly face greeting every person who passes by but there are some things my father has that I will never. It's all right if they feel me out, because I've yet to decide if I trust them or not. I know my father had a general good standing with most the other vendors around him, but he was a popular man - of course vendors wanted to be buddies with the man who owned one of the most well-liked stands in the fair. But his daughter? It would be laughable to some of the other big-shots, but father wouldn't dream of leaving his recipes to anyone but family. When four-thirty rolls around, and I see Sae turning down the heat of her stoves and fryers, I start to pack up my own belongings for the night. The fair doesn't end until after nine in the evening, but sitting here all day is tedious work, and by five o'clock no one at the county fair is looking for jam. But, going home doesn't seem like a particularly appealing option either. I load the remaining containers into my wagon and note that with significantly less weight resting inside of it, it's far less of a pain in the ass to pull. So, in the end, I end up walking idly around the park, wagon in tow, until I come to rest in front of the oldest attraction at the fair - the ferris wheel. I crane my neck in order to meet the top of its large structure and smile fondly at the distant memories we share. We've grown up together, this ferris wheel and I, and my butt has grown accustomed to spending most its summer nights in gondola number fifteen. Haymitch grunts when I ask him to watch over my wagon, slipping him a couple dollar bills that'll get me at least three rides around. He's been working here too long. I've watched him transform from the upbeat man who always wore a smile and handed out candy to kids in line to the old drunk who stumbles home in the streets late at night. Every year I see him here I expect it to be the last, but every summer here he is, standing guard over his precious ferris wheel, scaring kids away rather than welcoming them as he used to. The wheel comes to halt about halfway up and I'm right in line with the tall pine trees that lace the outskirts of the fair. If I really wanted to, I could reach out and touch the tips of them I am so close. My eyebrows furrow at the hold up though, because typically we only stop to allow more people to get on, and it's been years since Haymitch has had a line of people waiting. I chance a glance down and what the fuck do you know, there's a group of overly rough teenagers mobbing the entrance to the wheel. Haymitch looks thoroughly frightened and has to use his speaker to gain their attention, gruffly asking: On or off? "On!" one of the girls squeals, grabbing hold of her boyfriend's arm and literally tugging him toward the open seat. He trails behind her cooly, blowing out a puff of cigarette smoke before Haymitch grabs hold of his shoulder roughly. "No smoking," he commands and the boy throws his hands up in the air as a sign of truce before throwing the small thing to the ground and stomping it out with his foot. Shortly after they fall out of my line of vision the wheel begins moving at a snail's pace, lowering me further to the ground before stopping again to pick up more passengers. "Hey, I think I'll sit this one out. That hot dog isn't really agreeing with me," I overhear a boy claim as he runs a hand over his stomach for emphasis. I don't turn my head in the direction of the voice, but I hear the faint moans and groans of protest coming from his friends. "Dude, you ate that thing like forty minutes ago." "Exactly. It's fucking digesting," he continues to argue. "And not well." "Wait a second... Mellark are you scared?" another voice rings out, and I swear I'm not trying to eavesdrop, really, but the lower we grow to the ground the easier it is to hear their loud voices and soon I'm completely on the ground and we come to a stop once more. "On? Or off?" Haymitch asks, his voice monotone. "No!" the boy insists to his remaining friends, completely ignoring Haymitch. He runs a hand over the back of his neck - in a very nervous fashion - and shifts back and forth on his feet. "I told you, I think I ate something-" "Oh my god, look at him sweat!" the same girl claims, jabbing her finger in the boy's direction before letting out a very unattractive cackle. "Peeta fucking Mellark, you're about to shit yourself, you're so scared!" "Shut the fuck up, Clove, I'm not scared," he hisses back, his neck and cheeks turning a bright shade of red with her exclamation. "Then quit being a pussy and hop on," she bites back, her voice spewing venom. She jumps into the cart in front of me, filling it up to it's maximum capacity and raises an eyebrow in the boy's direction, challengingly. " On or off?" Haymitch growls, quickly losing the little patience he has left. The nervous boy turns to his two remaining friends - an obvious couple by the way they hold one another's hands and searches their eyes for a possible way out of the current situation. It'd actually be amusing if he didn't look so genuinely terrified. His friend smacks his shoulder, pulling him in closer before mumbling something incoherent into his ear. "Oh," the nervous boy says, and his eyes dance between both members of the couple. "Yeah... yeah, totally." "Are you comin', pansy?" the loud - and increasingly annoying - girl chants out. "Hey!" the nervous boy's friend calls out, and although his eyes are meeting mine I glance around looking for who he could possibly be talking with. Both boys approach the wheel until they're standing directly in front of me, tugging the small "safety" gate open forcibly. "You don't mind if he rides with you, right?" "Er..." "Great," the friend grins, flashing a thumbs up before calling over his girlfriend and moving into the compartment behind ours. The nervous boy slips in, rocking our compartment back and forth slightly as he adjusts his body weight, falling into the bench opposite of me. He grabs hold of either sides of his belt, buckling and tightening it before making sure it for-certain works. I watch the way the veins in his arms bulge as he grips the metal bars that hold together either side of the cart, and how his chest rises and falls underneath his shirt with the effort it takes for him to remain calm. His eyes, wide with horror - as if we're on