Draco Malfoy did not know what exactly he expected in the new estate. He had grown up in an average hovel in the woods, laboring with no small amount of struggles to support his small family. Every day, he woke up to the sound of blue jays, smiled at the sun poking through his shades, and set off to feed the peacocks. Every day, he worked to chop down offending trees for firewood, to weed the garden to procure better fruit, and to farm the field. Every day, he remained obediently impressed by his father's spell-casting in regards to simple tasks—which were, of course, easier to accomplish manually than by magic. Still, every day, he smiled dazedly at his father and complimented his skills. He knew that Lucius Malfoy was a proud man, and he would never intentionally wound the man's ego by a lack of proper respect. Merlin knew they received enough of it from the Supra in the Neighborhood. The old Neighborhood, Draco reminded himself with a small smile. A few weeks ago, he would not have dreamed of that thought. He had had no doubt that the entire Malfoy line belonged in the Infra Neighborhood since Brutus Malfoy kissed the mate of Susurro Osbert. The Malfoys had been so shunned then that Septimus and all of his descendants had been downgraded from a Supra Neighborhood to an Infra Neighborhood. Draco had had no doubt in his mind that he, like his father and the fathers before him, would work hard for the meager living they were afforded. He had not questioned his distinct lack of magic. After all, his mother was an Ordinetur. He had simply thought—just as everyone else in his Neighborhood had—that he was just an Ordinetur, an Infra like the rest of them. He had never suspected that he would sprout wings like a bloody swan on his seventeenth birthday. He had never thought that he and his parents would be gifted an estate in a Supra Neighborhood. He had never expected that his estate, the Malfoy Manor as his father had christened it, would be located not only in a Supra Neighborhood, but in the Neighborhood of the Summi Susurro himself. He had never anticipated that the cruel, mocking Spell-Casters could be called Infra from his old Neighborhood. I will never be called Ordinetur again, Draco realized with a start. He felt his feathers flutter as they responded to his giddy excitement. He glanced behind himself, shifting his shoulder awkwardly to spare a look at his new wings. Wings. He remembered dreaming of this as a child, bragging to his mother that one day Sorcerer Seamus Finnigan would be bowing to him as opposed to the other way around. He recalled splashing in the mud with Blaise—Spell-Caster Blaise Zabini, his mother would have corrected him—and having a Summi Magus mistake him for a Comite and order him to polish his boots. "It's Italian leather, " the Summi had told him. He had had to restrain himself from spitting on that Italian leather spitefully. Never again , he told himself. Now, he would be respected. A Sorcerer's lip would not curl around the words 'Ordinetur Draco Malfoy' anymore. Now, with his white feathers and aristocratic air, a Sorcerer would bend low before him and address him reverently as, 'Magicis Creatura Draco Malfoy.' Now, the only person to whom he would bow would be the Summi Susurro. And even then, he would only bow out of respect. It would not be out of necessity. Now, he mentally reminded himself, the Summi Susurro will speak to me. He will be the only one who can tell me what to do. He is the only one I am required to obey. I can order a Sorcerer to polish my Italian leather boots now. Flexing his wing to rid himself of the pins and needles that came from folding them in a cramped stagecoach, Draco smirked. He turned to his mother, smirk still firmly in place, "We will not be obscure anymore, Mother," he promised her. Turning to him with a gentle smile, Ordinetur Narcissa Malfoy replied, "No, my son, we will no longer be obscure." Draco turned finally to the large estate—mansion—before them. He had to restrain himself from gawking in sheer shock at its size, tilting his body to view its full height and flexing his back muscles to prevent his feathers from dragging on the gravel. Of course, he had known that it would be bigger than their old home in the Infra Neighborhood. He had had no idea that it would be larger diametrically than their entire Neighborhood. The stone castle jutted out from groomed landscape of Wiltshire with a prideful glare at its arriving residents. It seemed to sense the tainted name of the Malfoy family, the inferior magic of Lucius, and the complete lack of power of Narcissa if its unwelcome glower was anything by which to judge. Nevertheless, it also seemed aware of the esteemed power of Draco, its gates sliding with practiced smoothness to permit entrance. "Supra Malfoys," a Comite bowed low before them as he approached them at the gate. The Comite had bright red hair, as if embers had been dumped on a field of dry grass. Dressed neatly, though in distinctly low-quality clothing, the Comite appeared for all the world as a natural servant to the Supra. Draco's heightened sense of smell caught a hint of nervousness in his scent, but otherwise, he seemed perfectly comfortable in his low rank. "My name," he spoke respectfully, "is Comite Percival Weasley. I am the Head Comite of the newly established Malfoy Manor. May I escort your graces to the estate?" Comite Weasley bowed again, gesturing to his right where a black carriage large enough to accommodate Draco's sizable wingspan appeared suddenly. Draco almost jumped before reminding himself that he would have to grow accustomed to casual use of powerful magic, particularly by the Comites meant to be serving him. The carriage was drawn by shining black horses, standing still enough that Draco maintained a sneaking suspicion that they required magic to activate them into movement. Draco noted with displeasure his father's haughty distaste for the Comite as he looked down the end of his nose at the boy. "A Weasley as our Comite?" Lucius drawled disdainfully. "Whatever have we done to deserve such unkindness?" Draco glanced at his father, intending to glare but reluctant to appear disunited before the head of his new staff. He hoped that the twitching of his feathers showed enough displeasure to tip off his father. Draco smiled with pointed consideration, "Yes, I believe an escort is in order. Thank you Comite Weasley." The Comite nodded patiently, apparently accustomed to improper treatment, as he opened the door to the carriage and smoothly assisted Narcissa into the coach. "No need to put your filthy fingers on me, Weasley," Lucius ordered as he gracefully pulled himself into the carriage, his voice dripping with newly developed haughtiness. The Comite nodded and replaced his hands to his sides, bowing his head low. Once the three Malfoys were seated comfortably inside the stagecoach, Comite Weasley climbed into the front of the vehicle and it lurched swiftly into movement. "Lucius, there is no need to be disrespectful toward Comite Weasley," Draco's mother said quietly. "You must remember that Draco's gift does not sponge away our dishonor, nor does it grant you blank check to behave however you please." "Nonsense, Cissy. We have new lives now. We do not need to be kind to Comites. They're Comites. We're Supra now. And he's a Weasley ," Lucius reminded her. The feud between the Malfoys and the Weasleys was an age-old cause of tension, stemming from when Nicholas Malfoy killed Ailwin Weasley and his wife Hilda swore revenge. Of course, that revenge never actually took place until three generations later, when Septimus Malfoy discovered an object in the Malfoy vaults seemingly possessed by the vengeful spirit of Ailwin Weasley. It was alleged in any case, but salt remained in the wound ever since. "Yes, Lucius, we are Supra now. Nonetheless, it is attitudes like yours that banished us to an Infra Neighborhood in the first place. We are only Supra now because of Draco , and we are both still Infra so far as abilities go. Only Draco's descendants will be born and natural Supra. We must not lord artificial superiority over the Infra. A Magicis Creatura does not change the fact that you are a Spell-Caster and I am an Ordinetur." "You are wrong, Narcissa. They will never come to respect us if we do not act the type to be respected," Lucius spoke, his voice laced with oily anger for being contradicted by his wife. Draco scowled, his feathers rustling with irritation, "Mother is right. I do not want to have a disobedient staff because of their distaste for them. They have no cause to hate us. Do not give them any reason to do so. Furthermore, it is compassion, not arrogance, which demands respect." It was a lesson his mother had taught him at a young age, before he understood the importance of social class. His father had ingrained in him the dignity of Malfoys, telling him that their Infra status mattered little compared to their worthiness. He had said that Brutus Malfoy shamed the whole family, but that they could rise above his mistake. That they were above his mistake and they they deserved to be treated as such. Naturally, as a little boy who idolized his father, Draco believed him. However, in the privacy afforded by a cove in the woods, his mother gently contradicted Lucius. She told Draco that cruelty and arrogance created enemies that would never respect him. She taught him that what angered enemies more than anything was compassion towards them. And that flashing anger, she had said, leads to them making a mistake, leads to their defeat. Kindness was the kind a weapon which stabbed opponents and soothed proponents. Arrogance was the kind of weapons which angered opponents, irritated proponents, and dishonored oneself. Lucius scowled, acutely aware of his son's newly acquired status, and said nothing. Draco hated to insult his father's pride, which was why he had always worn the properly awed expression when the man's eyes flashed gold and the silverware floated gracelessly onto the table. Still, Draco was now the master of the house and representative of the Malfoy family. He could not allow his father to disgrace their name any further. The Summi Susurro himself invited them into his Neighborhood. It was not his wont to offend that invitation. Draco shifted his wing to a more comfortable position as the carriage slowed to a halt directly in front of the looming estate. He heard a thump from outside the carriage, presumably Comite Weasley dismounting the stagecoach. The door swung open to reveal said Comite as he extended his hand to assist Draco's mother down the coach's steps. After he exited the coach, Lucius paused beside the Comite, "Thank you, Comite Weasley. You have been most…helpful." The words ground from his father's throat like velvet stretched tautly over gravel. The expression on his face bore a strange resemblance to Ordinetur Ernie Macmillan when he ate a lemon rhine whole. The Comite bowed respectfully, "You are most gracious, Supra Malfoy." Draco could have smiled at the Comite's care not to call him Spell-Caster. Clearly, the boy could pick up on his father's sensitivities. The red-haired boy turned to Draco. "Should you like a Comite to provide you with a tour of the estate?" "Yes, that would be most welcome," Draco answered pleasantly. He decided that he could get used to being waited on hand and foot. "Very well, Magicis Creatura. I will inform Comite Hannah Abbott that she is to show you the estate. Following that, if it is pleasing to you Magister, I will, by the customs of Veneficia, assemble the staff