I actually wrote the poem for a poetry slam. It was a revelation of who I was as a person, and it was so personal that I tried really hard to not go to the slam I wrote it for. I ended up writing a story that could very well happen to me. Actually, this might be me prophesying what is to come. The happy ending? Probably not. Any way. It was also a challenge for me because I don't write about romance. I worked really hard on it. I would like to thank Geekchic12 for all the trouble she went through when she edited this. She is all shades of amazing. She makes no mistake. So if you find anything wrong, its my fault. I hope you enjoy. Leave me some love? I have some tough days ahead. I need it. Why I Killed Myself Every night, I choked myself over the neck of the bottle; I gulped down Tic Tacs in place of sleeping pills, Trying to lull my body into believing that it was dying And rejoicing in waking the next morning, bathed in disappointment and guilt. A punishment fit for my deceptive ways, A closeted catfish in reality, Breathing in invisible air and believing in the presence of a man Whose indifference had driven me to madness. They thought my putrid breath sickly sweet— A perfume that blurred the vision of hideous flesh. When I broke their heart, unintentionally, of course, They showered me with praises fit for a queen. " You're just one lab accident from becoming a Nazi super-villain. And believe me, you are Nazi. " He was a mad boy: all alluring words, crazy jealous and, " I'm afraid you'll freak out if I tell you how in love with you I am." And he freaked me out. I ran, as fast as the fucking wind, crushing everything that tried to stop me. Him included. He saw right through me, but he never had the facts right. " So, this is it?" That had been it. He dreamt of a day when he could "swim through my veins like a fish in the sea." After hundreds of "Don't stand so close to me," And stolen glances inside the library, I never meant it, naive girl that I was...am... I just wanted to fulfilll my fantasy, Of listening to the Police and exchanging stories of broken hearts and burdensome dreams. And it crashed down on me, that I had done it— Broken his dreams to fulfilll my fantasies. " I didn't think I could hate you more than for your love of Twilight ." He breathed. " I hate you for doing this to me, but you are so beautiful," he said. " I wish I could say something that would destroy you, but nothing can destroy you... You are not real." And I believed him. That night, I stared at the cursor blinking over the blank page. I used him as fodder for my compulsion to breathe words into myself, to feel for a few moments. I guiltlessly fed myself lies, believed myself a goddess and rose to glory, Inched deeper into the realm of Madness as I bled make-believe words tinged with reality. I finally started understanding that I didn't give a shit, that pretending to feel nothing Was better than living inside a dream. Ruthlessly, I pursued, one after another. Innocent lambs led to my pious demonic altar, Where I cut out their hearts and witnessed the last beat of life shuddering through them, And I gained no pleasure from it, Just a dull ache as the veins bled out and mingled with the pile of ash accumulated on the floor, Body and soul both crumbled, destroyed by my foul sense of self-preservation. The same preservation that pushed me to gravitate toward a boy whose pale fingers called to me Seven thousand eight hundred and fifty one kilometres away from reality, Exchanging paper clip rings and Morse code love letters, slithering into my heart, The last moment before I break it. Epic books could be written on it, failed promises and promiscuous disguises. I could play the evil witch that cursed all men and lured them in. I would be the Demoness that tried to corrupt the hero, set him on fire and drowned him. I would be the passing peril, an obstacle to reach the final goal: A meaningless taint on the wide, spotless sea. My name would turn into a war cry, bleeding edges gathered together to destroy me. I shall remain stagnant, waiting for my next prey as the world goes by, slowly fading. And this insignificance reminds me... of the boy who did not want to see, And I clutch the bottle and take a swig. I look down at the abyss and blink. I pour the pills and gulp them down. I close my eyes and gently lean in. .oO00Oo. Back in the sociology class I took in the second semester of undergrad, the very pretty and opinionated professor had told us that love, or any type of intimacy, is socially ordered, culturally learned, and linguistically mediated—that we live in a society where "choice" is pre-determined through socio-culturally circumscribed views that have been passed down from one generation to the other. Even back then, I had no lingering ideas of everlasting love, or even romance, to be honest. I had always been curious as to how relationships worked and how they didn't. I'd seen my parents struggling to tolerate each other, but secretly proclaiming their unconditional love in the absence of the other. I equated a person's love life in terms of demand and supply, assigning price and quality of the person, commodifying them in the love market like every other person on the planet. It felt good to fit into a type: the one with commitment issues. I don't think anyone realized how far gone I was until I called off my wedding a month before the date. It wasn't a decision I made one fine morning and went with it. I had tortured myself over it, tossed and turned in my bed at night, and wondered if I was doing the right thing. Twenty-six days before D day, I sent out the ominous email. Dear Denis , it began. What followed was pure heartbreak. Three years as an English major and two in mass communication had taught me to soften the blow of my words, but nothing had prepared me to fashion " I don't know why I let this go on. I don't love you; I don't think I've ever felt anything of that sort with anyone " into something glossy and beautiful. It was not an arranged marriage, far from it. I'd met him one evening when I decided to open an account on okcupid for the fun of it. I had hoped to make friends and ended up sending him pages worth of thoughts in pretty Calibri font. I'd been typing at four in the morning, hours before semester finals, and he was rolling around in his apartment in Paris, seven thousand eight hundred and fifty-one kilometres away from Kolkata, my hometown. I left the site with a friend a week later. He fell in love with me somewhere between discussing Bollywood movies and terrorism. When we had the money and the jobs to meet, we did. I loved his cutely ugly dog and his worn out couch, but not him. He was my comfort, someone I could tell what I was thinking without fearing judgment. He understood everything; he was patient. He was everything I never thought love was. I believe I cried when he flew out to Kolkata to meet me one last time, give us a chance. We said goodbye. And I understood when he tried to work things out with me, pushing away everybody so that he could take care of me, understanding why I never told him I didn't want to spend my life with him. I had no answers. A year later, I browsed through our conversations on Facebook and missed talking to him. A week later, I got a message from him. He had gotten a new job. He wanted me to know. We spoke briefly. He was dating someone, a French girl whom he met at an office party. I was happy for him. I drank myself to sleep that night. .oO00Oo. It was a perfectly chilly winter morning. My grandmother was dying on the other side of the city, and I was blissfully peeling peas, while seated beside the window. My days of eating off my father's dime had stopped when I called off my wedding. I realized no one really wanted me in their life, and that I was pretty toxic to be around. The epiphany had caused some family drama that I don't like recalling. I don't remember crying much, but my mother did throw a fit when she tried to defend my actions by saying, "That's just how she is." It was a good day. I understood that my mother had brought me up all those years having full faith that I would disappoint everyone who knows me. Eye-opening, to say the least. I spent months after that repaying my dad for all the down-payments he'd made, and I was glad I'd wanted a small wedding. Despite what my father said, I didn't want monetary issues to add to all the resentments they had against me. Over the years, Maa tried to get me to move back into the family house, but obviously, she failed. Coming back to the chilly winter morning. The serene ambience of said morning was characterized by a craving for koraishutir kochuri and a newspaper spread across rumpled bed-sheets. To make things better, my new neighbor, an American from Lala Land, was busy doing a horrid cover of Elvis' Always on my Mind . I wasn't complaining much because I was softly humming along. I knew for a fact that he would stop soon enough or break into another song in a matter of minutes. This happened every morning. The man was a masochist. He insisted on taking cold showers at ungodly hours and would scream songs to lessen the pain of the water hitting his skin. The entertainment was pure gold, and the sadist in me giggled every time he shrieked the first few lines of the song. " If I make you feel second best... Girl, I'm sorry I was blind! " he cried. I would think he was dying by the way he sounded, but he kept doing the private shows, so I didn't worry about him any longer. " You were always on my mind! " I joined in without thinking, and I couldn't fucking stop. I used to pride myself on having a fuck-awesome voice, but that moment? It was not my proudest. He didn't even stop! We did this weird duet thing... twice, and I think I heard someone from the lower floor snickering. I even found myself on my feet, doing a very nice boob-jiggly dance. " It's now or never... come hold me tight... kiss me my darl— " "Oh, for fuck's sake. Shut up!" I screamed. One song was enough. Let me have some peace, you American asshole, I thought to myself. I was rather proud when he actually stopped singing. I decided I would consume double the amount of koraishutir kochuri to celebrate. I adjusted my boobs in my bra, inconspicuously checked if the old dude from the opposite building was peeping in, and then resumed working on the peas. Breakfast tasted divine. .oO00Oo. There was a dude on my doorstep, and I was pretty sure I didn't know him. I never drank in public, so I was sure I had never fallen into bed with him and forgotten. From where I was standing, I didn't think I would mind. "What are you doing?" I