Disclaimer I do not own anything all rights go to Disney, Marvel, Stan Lee as well as Rick Riordan! This is my first official crossover. The reason why I say " official " is because I have another account under the name " winner123 ". My friend opened and began, but he had to leave, he asked me to become the author of his stories while he was away. I agreed because I do not like it when people walk away from their own stories never to be seen again or not a word out of them from them for months. I watched all of the Spider Man movies all except the new one that I heard is coming, "Spider Man: Homecoming". I however read most of all the comics and watched most of all the episodes of Spider Man (Peter Parker). I did a little research on Spider Man (Mile Moral). However I only watch the movies of "Percy Jackson", so any feed back or PMs would be extremely useful, from the research I did Percy and Peter have similar personalities. As far as the rest? I would like a hand with. This story takes place after my story " Unexpected: Flashed Back " if you do not want to read it, you do not have to. It is a very loose sequel. There is one more thing you need to know, I suck on the first chapters, the next chapter should be much better than this one. I hope you continue to the next chapter. This will probably by one of the longest chapters I have in the story. Most of the chapters will be a little over a thousand words. But I prefer writing chapters longer than one thousand two hundred words (1,200). Here is the full summary: Peter loses everything; his wife and his children are murdered all of his friends has either died or betrayed. Peter Parker is alone. Peter is ready for one final battle. Suddenly a bright flash of light surrounds him and he wakes up in a forest. Follow Peter as he makes new friends and enemies. Will Peter ever find it within himself to trust or to love again? I still suck at summaries! If you have any ideas or suggestion I would love to hear them! The story begins… 0 0 0 Peter had been alone for the last couple of millennia. Ava his wife was brutally raped and murdered. Peter went into a blood rage that no one has seen before or since. There were no witnesses. Peter looked down at the city below him he saw a red and blue flying car that flew right towards him. He did not sense any danger he stood his ground with an unreadable expression on his face. The car stopped and the hatch opened and a girl in ride and blue skin tight suit came out. Peter gave her a small smile and said "How's my favorite little Spider?" "You do realize you are not my father you know?" The girl replied. Peter rolled his eyes and said "I know Petra, but you are part of my legacy. You are doing far better than I did when I was your age." She gave Peter a hug. Peter said "Petra, I think you can let go now. Besides what would your boyfriend think?" "Aiden knows about you, you know? You helped train us and how many times did you save us?" Petra said with her hands on her hips. Peter shrugged and said "I lost track. All of the years seem to blend. I remember my childhood, but only as I would a near forgotten dream." Spider Girl said "You know Peter; you are one of the closet things I have to a father." Peter smiled a tired smile and said "And you are the closest thing I have to family. Please stay safe." Spider Girl said "Whatever you say 'Dad'!" Peter smiled warmly at Petra, she reminded him so much of Victoria, his daughter. She was murdered along with her twin Hunter with their mother Ava Parker formerly Ava Alaya, the White Tiger. Victoria became Spider Girl and Hunter became "Golden Jaguar". He missed them, all of them so much. No matter how many ages pass, the hurt only grows. The pain never seems to fade nor do the memories of old. The only reasons why he is alive now is because he promised Ava on her last breath not to kill himself and to fight the good fight. She tried to make Peter promise to move on, but Peter could not do it. Peter felt unbidden tears fall from his eyes. Peter felt his counter parts beginning to stir. "Peter?" Peter was shook out of the trance and said "Sorry Petra, but I was just lost in some thought." Spider Girl gave him a nod and she jumped back into her flying car and said "See you later!" Peter said with a shrug "Maybe!" He then jumped off the building head first, he waited till he was only a few feet from the ground before webbing a nearby building. He felt the familiar sensation of web swinging. He did have a suit but he never wore it because it was never needed. It was doubled up as armor, since the murder of his family he was the only one that could even touch it. He lent it to Petra once when she went on a suicide mission to save a White Tiger legacy her boyfriend Aiden the White Tiger. Peter became a guardian of sorts he faded into the background as he allowed Peter to become a legend of old, time forgot about the ancient world such as the Greek and Romans and even the twentieth century became near legend. Peter wished he could die, but he promised his wife, on her dying wish, for him to live. He was not truly living he knew that, but he could not help it. Peter forgot his age long ago. Thor and Loki were the same as always. Loki was not as evil as he once was; bit still was mischievous and caused chaos. Thor was still a hammer welding warrior, now King of Asgard. They could relate in the sense of remembering the 'the good 'old times'. Peter was cursed by Loki a few decades before Ava was murdered, he became a wolf. Between Loki, Doctor Strange and his own unique abilities he was changed back into human or near human as he could be. He was already mostly spider by that point having three unique sets of DNA within his own. After being bit by nearly a half dozen 'special' spiders. He had received a healing factor that rivaled; Wolverine, Dead Pool, Laura Kinney Clone and daughter of Wolverine. If not his healing factor was better. Dead Pool was killed by Spider Demon, one of three aspects of Peter, one of the most powerful forms of his., but the good thing is that Spider Demon over the years became less of slaughterer than before, but 'Black Spider' also known as 'Perseus' "Black" 'Bannister'. Black Spider was originally the evil side of Spider Man and Peter, but over time he slowly evolved into a dark version of Peter but not so evil. Cruel? Sometimes. Peter found himself standing under the light of a full moon. He looked at the moon and sighed remembering all the nights he and Ava would have fun. One time both he and Ava turned into an animal. Ave turned into a White Tiger, Peter would have changed into a spider, but there was still a lingering effect of the curse Loki placed on him turned him to a grey wolf with piercing blue eyes. He was by no means a werewolf, but he was able to change forms at will, and he would still have most of his spider abilities in wolf form, except for webbing. It was originally part of a curse Loki put on him, but in more recent times he was blessed by Loki, Thor, and Skadi. Peter would have been a prankster like Loki, but he lost all playfulness and love when Ava and their children died. Peter also died, but his body lied on. Loki was not "evil" has much as he was a trouble maker and a rebel. Peter use to be similar to that in his own way. Both he and Loki shared more than a few things in common. They would not call each other friends but they knew they had the other's back. Thor was well Thor, big brother Thor. However Skadi was a surprise to them all. Skadi was one of the "goddesses" of winter, and of the Hunt as well as other things. Peter never really was attracted to her, but he was grateful. Over the many millennia he mastered all of his powers, but he hardly used them. He was very happy for Skadi above all else. Why? Spiders do NOT do cold! He is immune to the cold because of Skadi he also is immune to fire due to Loki's blessings not to mention he can manipulate fire and winter, and winter means ice. With Thor's blessing he received he could manipulate the weather, summon storms and cause earthquakes. He is also worth of Thor's hammer, Mjolnir. Peter, Loki, and Thor made a "one and off switch" for his powers, the magical ones. So even if Peter does get mad he does not cause a storm or an earthquake. Not to mention it hides his powers and abilities from everyone and everything. Peter could never lie before, but since Loki's blessing and 'training' with Loki he could lie with the best of them. But he hated lying, but he could now lie and act, really well. Even before he got blessing, before his wife died and shortly after their children were born he and Ava went to K'un - Lun with Danny also "Iron Fist". Peter and Ava trained with some of the best. Ava got it quicker than Peter did, but Peter got. Both he and his wife were invited back anytime. Ava could protect herself even better now. Now? Everyone has died that Peter knew from his childhood and adulthood. He outlived them all, whether by natural causes or were killed in action. Laura was killed only last year, she was decapitated by Saber Tooth. Where is Saber Tooth now? Dead. Peter killed him to where his healing factor was lost as was his very essence. Long ago Peter lost his fear to kill. Spider Man killed but only when it was called for, he hated to kill with a passion, but he knows now that killing is not the worst that can happen. Wolverine tried to teach him that, Peter finally got it. He taught the heroes for a few decades. He became a mentor. The Avengers died off, Hawk Eye died of old age. Stark was killed in action. Captain America was killed in action. Hulk was sent in to another planet by the Silver Surfer. Thor only recently faded as did Loki. Black Widow died of old age .Falcon died in action as did War Machine and the Iron Patriot. The New Avengers had their shine but it too died. He was the only one to survive the battles, which is far worse than dying. He had to live with the memories of the people's dying face. He was often blamed for their deaths, or was. The more Peter looks at it the more he hates his past. He almost wishes he could either forget it or go back in time. He did the latter before and he still outlived everyone. He would beg for Death's embrace but she would not touch him. (Line Break) Peter's 'danger sense' went off, he then used his spider sense to check it out. He snarled and sprinted full speed towards Spider