Author Note: This is AU, where Harry adopted to new family with a twist here and there. The most different thing is Magic more adapt for the new generation. Example Harry, always being beaten by his relatives making his magic more adept to heal. Second note, English my second language so i open to every critic especially my grammar or structure text. Happy reading. Chapter 1 It was dark for Harry. The cupboard still dark, the spider still crawling in his feet and the woman still screaming and banging his door. Harry shuffle in his bed,careful not to kill the spider and take his glasses. "Boy, wake up." From outside the cupboard is open and Harry move exactly like an army, automatic and stiff except he was slower and he receive a smack from his head for being too slow. "Hurry up. Today, Dudley first school and i want everything perfect." Said his Aunt sneering at him avoiding him like he have dangerous disease while his walrus Uncle forgetting him and cooing his identical walrus son. Harry wear rag, new uniform for Dudley wear with the button straining with his stomach, Uncle Vernon tie that look like limping snake and Aunt dress that cut from ghoul. They are family with common ground, a hideous clothe. Of course from the outside everything look normal except Harry a child thin like skeleton cooking and handling kitchen utensil with too much skill for someone his age. Even if Harry don't see it that way, the Dursley wasn't normal. If they proud themselves for being normal then a person with a pinch of heart know they not. Unfortunately Harry live in a place where heart is hidden and buried like corpse of kitten. "Why he doesn't go to school." Ask Dudley pointing his oily finger to Harry who still standing, watching the family eat. "Because he's freak and freak doesn't go to school. Right, boy." Harry for his part feel defiant, so he doesn't answer and look blank, void of emotion. "See, he doesn't understand, let alone speak." Dudley snort and already forgetting what his talking about and focusing on his food while his mother continue to praise Dudley. "Oh, my sweet, smart and charming Duddykin." She said hugging Dudley who far from that praise. "You grow so big and ready to go to school." "Now Petunia, no need to cry." "But what if someone hurt my Duddykin." If not for his hunger Harry would snort and probably got a slap. But he's hungry, he's hand still remember when Dudley stomp it with his new shoe. So he keep quiet even if it will be Dudley who pick other kid. Then for his part, it soon end, everyone finish their food, Dudley go to school, Vernon rambling about his drill company and Aunt Petunia plan to gossip and spy the new neighbor, No.13. "Here your food and your list of chore." Said Aunt Petunia. Harry wash his hand being careful with his left hand and eating a half sandwich and a glass of water while standing. He get out to back garden and feel the presence that he feel from two days ago, something coming to Privet Drive. Harry didn't know what is it but if he allowed to guess, he say it's probably the neighbor, No.13 but today was the strongest he can feel it in the air. He see it with the weather that turn grey expecting rain, from the cat in Mrs. Figg who keep meowing and keep hissing to everything and how everything seem slow and the voice of the Dursley hear like from the bottom of well. Harry with his little hand start to work. He almost apathetic with it, if he have normal life than he say today like seeing birthday present but feeling restrained by his parent not to open them first. So with his feeling and restless finger, he go to work his chore and finish it faster. "Good, you came lunch, actually go until dinner, i have special guest and i don't want them seeing you." Harry nod and get in to his cupboard, searching his best outfit (If it exist) and getting into bathroom. After taking cold shower (He flinch when he touch the water not because the cold but because his lesson why Freak shouldn't waste hot water.) He wonder where he should go today, the park will be empty and he don't want to go to . Peeking at the house and seeing his Aunt still busy, he steal few bread and put in his stash. He learned hard lesson to be ready because sometime the Dursley forget him and if he raise his voice or- Quickly shaking his head, he run outside but found bunch of teenager who look boring and know he will be their toy if he was seen, so he quickly take a route to Surrey Preschool. He don't have real objective except seeing few parent waiting their children and kid in his age played. He look at them in longing every time he see a parent. He always wish that when he was shut in the cupboard, he wish someone would take him, his parent (Flash of red hair and a man who have messy hair like him), some man who smell like dog or anyone as long they're not the Dursley. Even werewolf would be better. He chuckle himself thinking growing up with werewolf and what happen if his relatives meet one. "Hi." He actually jump when he heard someone talk to him, he see a boy a few inches his height, pale with black hair and deep black eye. Harry feel that eye looking at him, picking and constructing everything, from his face to something deeper. "Hi." He said, curious at the boy, nobody never talking to him, especially to say hi. Then he realize that he's talking to the new kid, he hold his breath, maybe he be my friend. Then a voice said 'Maybe it's new joke for Dudley. "You No.13." "Yeah." He said nodding, he feel his eye looking at him again and founding it in the place his scar that his hide with his hair then the kid sneeze. He don't know if it coincidence when his scar prickling but it was alternative then staring and gawking. "I never see you around and nice trick avoiding this." He said not even glancing at the running and screaming kid. "Want to play?." "Really?" He said. "I mean sure. Harry, my name is Harry." He said, putting his hand to shake, a big risk because nobody want to touch freak but he know he's right because the boy take his hand to shake, at first it feel hurt like the time he electrocuted then it feel nice and warm. "Arian Almos but call me Ari." Said Ari, pulling Harry into the playground. They take in the corner hiding under the tree, they mostly talking and Harry found out Arian or Ari move here with his Papa someone a bizarre and nice figure. "He's rich so he doesn't go to work but he's money come from his parent that his hate and he never buy rich people thing, i ask him what he do with his money and he said 'Ari. Stop poking your nose and give me my credit card'" Harry have to hold his laugh because Ari try to impersonate adult which he's perfect but he wear a smiley shirt and sunny yellow trouser. "I said You're not people, you're my papa and i have to ask after seeing the number." "What about your Mum." "Don't know, don't care." He said like he really didn't care, then he have frown and foggy but it's so fast he wonder if he just imagine it. "He seem nice." "He is but he's weird and have complex. Like he sometime want to cook but we know it will be horrible. I said why and he said to strengthen our family bond and i said buy pizza everyday and I worship you." Harry caught between amusing and horrified, he would never ever say that to his relatives, imagine what they do to him. He flinch when he imagine that yet Ari never react like he know why and for a second he believe that and one voice in his head, told him to tell him what he could do under the cupboard. "I have secret." "Me too." Said Ari, he hold his breath, it couldn't be, he don't want to hold his hope up for rest his life this the good memory for him, someone who talk to him without making him feel bad not even the weird that shake his hand and know his name. When he ready to say his secret he heard a voice that ruin his day. "Hey Almos, you shouldn't talk to the freak." Both of them look up, Ari with curious face and Harry with horrified hen he Dudley and his gang. Ari seem to frown looking between him and Dudley then checking his watch. "I have to go, the teacher will search me." He said and Harry seeing him running to Dudley, he just numbly nod and start to run. Really, what should he expect, Arian maybe like him now but in the end they hate him when Aunt Petunia told him how he just delinquent (whatever that mean) and up to no good. He run to some alley and stop there. His sweating and rasping, his glasses fall to his nose and he can't stop his tear. Stupid Dudley, stupid Aunt, stupid Uncle for beating him. He wipe his tear and telling himself, to not to cry but he can't, he almost have friend but no, they will ruin it like everything else. "I should walk." He said to himself, there's no need to sulking here, maybe he could go to the library but he can't move himself, he was happy and maybe if it just couple of minutes and maybe Ari would like him, he look smart so maybe he's not gonna listen to other people, maybe he was so nice he will talk with the freak. Yeah, he nod to himself. This is good day, no need to let the Dursley ruin it. He take a bottle of cup and taking it to his hand. He take it to his hand and watch the pale red color, the sharp edge of the steel the lightness on it and he imagine it change into eight-shape snowflake. Harry gasp, it never happen before, not this detailed. The snowflake feel cold and reflecting the light in color of rainbow. He hold it just watch his freakishness. But it's beautiful. You still freak. Harry sigh and rested his head, like usual he feel tired when he do the freak thing. He look at the sky, holding his rumbling stomach, dinner still long and he sure the Dursley will give him a chore before he got his food. He should go to the park, there water he could drink. He wish there a real forest where he can hide, he read a book about survival and he can catch food and cook it and eat it. It will be adventure. He so focused to the park and getting water, Harry forget to check his surrounding. "Look there a freak." Said Dudley. Harry groan and see Dudley with his goon. Their face stuck in blank and excitement, he could tell they already plan to play Harry Hunting. "Hello Dudley." He said, He wasn't bother to look behind, he know the landscape with so many Harry Hunting, another difference from him with Dudley. He learn while Dudley stay stupid, really if he want to attack him, he should just do it, not talking and giving his presence. "Let's play game." His eye start to narrow and he run behind while behind he hear shuffling feet of many kid running. "I told Dad, i