The Youngest Cullen About: Being the youngest Cullen is hard everyone expects great things out of you. I am Cheyenne Cullen also the troublemaker of the family. Emmett is my partner in pranking and he is the one sibling I have that doesn't annoy me all the time. My parents Carlisle and Esme raised me from birth. I am a human i am 16 years old. My best friend Mikel has feelings for me and i am unsure how i feel about him. What happens as i go through my junior year. Will i be my parents biggest challenge or will i learn to finally listen Chapter 1: My Beginning My story starts when I was a baby, my mother had gotten pregnant at 15 and she gave me up for adoption. Dr. Carlisle Cullen delivered me and when he found out I was to be put in foster care he called his wife Esme to come and adopt me. Esme and Carlisle adopted me they already had 5 teenagers Edward, Rosalie, Emmett, Alice and Jasper. They took to me very well but trouble was always finding me. *Flashback* My mommy was going to be very angry with me when she hears what I done. I tried to keep it hidden, but my teacher found mommy's phone number on the computer. Now she was on her way to pick me up I knew she was going to go on a rage when teacher told her what I did. Mommy walked into the classroom and knelt down in front of me. "Sweetheart you wanna tell me what happened today?" Mommy said disappointed. I stared at the ground not wanting to talk to her. My teacher came over and told mommy that I was not participating and I said a bad word that I heard Emmett say. I had also hit another student for asking me to be quiet "Cheyenne! Apologize to Mrs. Anderson" Mommy commanded "I don't wanna Mommy. I don't like school. I wanna stay home with you." i cried. The next thing i knew i was in my room with a sore bottom for hitting. *End of flashback* "Cheyenne Nicole get up for school right now!" Esme yelled from outside my bedroom door. I rolled out of bed threw on jeans and a button down shirt. I put my caramel hair in a bun and drowsily walked downstairs where my family awaited. Emmett and Rosalie were cuddled on the couch, Alice and Jasper were still getting ready, and Edward was playing his piano. Dad greeted me at the bottom of the stairs giving me a kiss on the forehead before rushing out the door for work. I sat down at the kitchen table and laid my head down; falling back asleep. Mom slammed a plate of food down on the table managing not to break the plate. My head shot up due to the noise. "Chey. were ready to leave." Alice chirped. She is way too perky in the morning. "Cheyenne be good at school." Esme stated "Whatever" I whispered grabbing my back pack from the arm chair "I mean it Nicole" Esme warned pointing her finger at me. Alice grabbed my shirt and shoved me out the door. We piled into Edward's Volvo to head to hell, sorry I mean school. At school I met up with my friend Mikel and Bailey. Bailey is a star volleyball player and Mikel plays baseball. We met in the parking lot as usual Alice and Rosalie are my school babysitters making sure I get to class. Alice made sure I went to first period which was Themes in literature. That awful class makes me want to barf aside from learning pointless shit the teacher was a prick. Mikel and I goofed off the whole class period, laughing and carrying on about how our teacher was never ever gonna get laid. Mikel and I have every class together, I think we annoyed Mr. Molina because he kept looking at us. "Miss Cullen give us Juliet's dieing words?" He volunteered "Kiss my Ass" I said. Mikel was laughing next to me. The class snickered and stared at who was red in the face. "I thought you knew the story of Romeo and Juliet as well as your siblings do" He sighed. All of my teachers love the fact that I'm a Cullen so they expect more from me. First of all I'm not like my siblings Second of all I am not smart. "Cheyenne what are you doing Friday night?" Mikel asked "I got a hot date with my bed why?" I laughed "Wanna go see a movie?" Mikel smiled "Miss Cullen, Mr. Hart give us the scene where Juliet meets Romeo" Molina Demanded Mikel and I stood up. He winked at me, I knew exactly what to do. "MMM baby those are some mighty fine legs what time do they open?" He asked "The same time you pull them apart" I answered. Mikel grabbed my waist and I put my leg around his waist and he kissed me passionately "GET OUT OF MY CLASS" Molina screamed Mikel and I sat in the chair's in front of Mrs. Silverstans desk. Mrs. Silverstan glared at us ,tapping her fingers on the desk. "You two made a provocative and inappropriate scene. I should expelled the both of you. Get out of my office. I don't want to see the two of you in my office again." Silverstan shouted. Mikel and I ran out of her office. When we turned the corner to go home I ran into something hard. It was Rosalie. "Are you really that stupid to behave so inappropriately?" Rosalie scolded "It was a joke" I explained "Cheyenne are these a joke?" Rosalie shouted holding a poster of Mikel and I with my leg around him. The poster read Cheykel the next big thing since the Halloween food fight. "WHERE'S EMMETT" I yelled angrily "He's at the house. Alice and I are telling Esme about this." She said When we pulled up to the house I stormed inside. Emmett was sitting in front of the tv playing a video game. "EMMETT I AM GOING TO KILL YOU" I yelled as I ran towards him. I smacked him with my backpack and threw the coffee table lamp at his head. "Ow, Hey did you like the posters?" He laughed "YOU ARE A FUCKING ASSHOLE YOU KNOW THAT." I yelled pulling the torch out of my pocket from culinary class. ESME'S POV "Oh shit. MOM!" I heard Emmett yell as Cheyenne came closer to him with the lite torch. Emmett hates being close to fires and she was pissed off. Emmett was back against the wall. Cheyenne held the torch 5 inches away from his face. He started to cry when I came out of the kitchen. "CHEYENNE NICOLE CULLEN" I yelled taking the torch out of her hands. Emmett slid to the floor. I grabbed Cheyenne's arm and pulled her away from Emmett. "CHEYENNE YOU COULD HAVE SERIOUSLY HURT YOUR BROTHER. What has gotten into you." I asked angrily. "HE MADE POSTERS OF MIKEL AND I." I yelled I turned to Emmett angrily. "Emmett why would you do such a thing?" I scowled. Rosalie came from the kitchen pointing her finger at Cheyenne. "He made the posters to teach her a lesson. I caught her and Mikel coming out of Silverstan's office. They were being inappropriate when Mr. Molina asked them to reenact the scene where Romeo meets Juliet" Rosalie hissed handing me a poster. I gasped. The poster was Mikel and my baby girl and she was in a different outfit than she left in this morning. The poster had shown them wrapped around one another. My little girl looked like a prostitute and that was certainly not the way she was raised. I angrily grabbed Cheyenne's arm and pulled her to Carlisle and I's room. "Cheyenne you've done it this time." I warned sitting her down on my bed. I pulled out my cell phone and called Carlisle. He answered on the first ring. "Hello darling" Carlisle said "I need you to come home" I sighed "what's happened?" He asked "Our daughter has misbehaved again, but this time I don't know what to do with her." I explained "I'll be home in a minute" Carlisle hung up. Cheyenne slowly got up from my bed and slowly walked toward the door. "You are not going anywhere young lady. Sit" I said making her sit back down on my bed. Cheyenne Po v I heard dad's car pulling in the driveway. "Kids where is your mother?" I heard dad ask. "In your room" Edward replied. Carlisle was standing next to mom not even a second later. Dad's arms were crossed and mom had her hands on her hips. Mom glared at me. "Esme what has she done this time?" Carlisle asked "She held a lit torch to Emmett, She behaved inappropriately at school, She was sent to the office and didn't tell me, She broke the lamp on the coffee table." Mom shouted "Esme go downstairs and make sure Emmett is okay. I'd like to have a little chat with our daughter" dad suggested. Once mom left the room. dad flipped me onto my stomach and began landing quick hard smacks on my ass. After like 20 smacks dad helped me sit up. "Cheyenne you can't keep doing this. Your attitude and behavior need to change or your rear will look like a tomato. I am very disappointed in your behavior. Your mother and I are upset that you were so angry to hold a lit torch to your brothers face. I want you to go downstairs and apologize to Emmett and your mother" Dad said sternly. Chapter 2: Change of Hearts I walked downstairs, all eyes were on me. I apologized to Emmett who hugged me and apologized for the posters. Mom came out of the kitchen with sad eyes. She looked at me sighing. Esme pointed to the floor motioning me to her. I walked over and stood in front of her. I stared at the floor to avoid looking at my moms sad face. Mom lifted my chin so that I was looking at her. Esme's Pov Cheyenne had really disappointed me. It upset me how she wanted to hurt Emmett. "Cheyenne it hurt me to see you torch your brother. It also hurt me to see those posters of you and that boy, because you don't know the dangers of affection and you joke with sex like it's no big deal. Did you ever think Mikel isn't taking it as a joke and he really does want to be with you. Ever think about what might happen if he found out you were joking and playing with his affection. Nicole all this nonsense needs to stop now or so help me I will smack you myself." I lectured pulling Cheyenne into a hug. Cheyenne and I sat on the couch. She leaned against me as we watched Emmett and Jasper play their videogame. Carlisle was reading a book in his chair. Alice was arranging flower vases. Edward was softly playing his piano and Rosalie was on the other end of the couch reading a magazine. Emmett and Jasper sat in front of Cheyenne and I on the floor. Jasper was beating Emmett by a long shot in their game. Emmett was getting very angry over a game. "You fucker" Emmett said to Jasper who smiled. I was tired with everyone's mouths tonight. The kids know they are not to curse and Emmett just used one of the big words. I reach down and lightly smacked the side of Emmett's head. "Ow, what the" Emmett said turning around but stopped when he saw me glaring at him. "Sorry Ma" He apologized and went back to playing the game. " turn the game off boys" I said walking over to stand next