And now for the disclaimer. I'm not JK Rowling, and I don't own the characters or settings. I just play with them for my own enjoyment, and I promise to put them back neatly when I'm done. A/N: I'm currently re-posting this work-in-progress over here, at the request of several readers who know it from HPFandom, so it may look familiar to some folks. And for new readers, I hope you'll enjoy! Harry sat on the bed in what had been Dudley's second bedroom, trying to make sense of everything that had happened in the last week. He wasn't yet sure what it all meant for him, but he hoped it would be something good. He looked once more at the papers decreeing him to be a Royal Ward with all the rights and privileges thereof, and thought back on the day which brought about so many changes. The day had started out ordinarily enough, at least for him. Aunt Petunia woke him early as usual to cook breakfast for the family. She had been in a much better mood than usual, though, and hustled both Dudley and Uncle Vernon through the meal and back upstairs to shower and dress up for their special trip. That allowed him to eat the whole of the single slice of toast they permitted him for breakfast, because Dudley wasn't lingering in the kitchen to try to take it from him or make him drop it so he could step on it or otherwise render it inedible. He'd expected to be sent over to old Mrs. Figg's house, since he knew they'd never take him anywhere if they could avoid it, let alone anywhere special. But then the crazy old cat lady telephoned to say that one of her precious darlings had been attacked by a neighbor's new dog and she had to bring it to the veterinarian and therefore couldn't take Harry for the day after all. And so he'd found himself locked in his cupboard again, flung there by Vernon with a few clouts to the head and shoulders as a reminder that a freak like him wasn't fit to have run of the house without proper supervision. He'd expected to be there for the entire day, but it was scarcely two hours before Aunt Petunia and a man with a rather stern face were pulling him out and taking him outside to the fanciest car he'd ever seen. The man permitted him to sit up front with the driver, while he and Aunt Petunia sat in the back with sour expressions. He'd hoped at first that she was finally sending him to an orphanage as she'd often threatened, but instead, he found himself in what he now knew was Windsor Castle, bowing to the Queen and the Princess of Wales. For a terrifying moment he'd thought perhaps his aunt had brought him there to be locked in the dungeon, but then the Queen said he'd actually been brought there so she could thank him. That Dudley had hit Prince William and knocked him down in the schoolyard, when Princess Diana and the Princes had paid their school a visit since one of the Princess' friends worked there, and that when Dudley had gone after little Prince Harry after that, Harry had stepped in and taken the blow meant for the younger boy. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon protested, of course, unwilling to believe that their precious Dudley was a bully, insisting instead that the Princes must have mistaken his actions, and that Dudley was just a boisterous little boy who perhaps played a bit roughly but certainly didn't mean any harm. There was some discussion that he didn't fully understand, but which seemed to frighten Aunt Petunia and enrage Uncle Vernon, and then the Queen gave him the envelope full of papers and declared him to be a Royal Ward. Less than five minutes later, Uncle Vernon collapsed and died of a massive heart attack. While he hadn't necessarily wanted anything bad to happen to the man, Harry couldn't help but feel grateful that his uncle couldn't ever hurt him again. The days that followed were a bit of a blur, filled with neighbors offering their sympathies to Aunt Petunia, and various solicitors coming and going with things for her to sign. Dudley spent most of his time stuffing his face with the shepherd's pies and other foods the neighbors all seemed to bring along when they paid their condolence calls, while he'd made a point of doing his chores and retreating to his cupboard before anyone could take notice of him. The few times Aunt Petunia spoke to him, she ended up blaming him for Uncle Vernon's death, saying that if it hadn't been for him, they never would have been summoned to meet the Queen and Vernon never would have had that heart attack. But two days ago, a youngish looking man in a suit came to the house and asked to see him. When he came out of the cupboard, the man had directed a very stern frown at Aunt Petunia, who flushed uncomfortably. As soon as the man left, with a promise that he'd return in two days, she told him to bring his things up to Dudley's second bedroom, and that he'd be sleeping there from now on. So now he was here, sitting on Dudley's old bed with the sagging mattress, and trying to figure out why things were changing so quickly. "Get down here, boy!" Petunia's strident tones interrupted his reverie. Harry hastily folded up the papers and stuffed them back into their envelope, which he then tucked in the pocket of his oversized trousers. He didn't like the idea of leaving it where Dudley might get his hands on it. Making a rather futile attempt to bring some order to his hair, he hurried down the stairs. "Yes, Aunt Petunia?" That same youngish looking man was back, standing beside her. He squatted down so as to speak to the child on his own level. "We weren't properly introduced when I was first here the other day," he said in a pleasant tone. "My name is Stephen Coyner, and I'm pleased to meet you, Harry. Her Majesty the Queen has asked me to be something of a tutor to you, if you'll have me." Harry tilted his head, noticing that Aunt Petunia went a sort of angry pale when the man said that he was to be his tutor. She never hurt him quite as badly as Vernon had, but she didn't hesitate to strike him when she felt the need. "I'm… not supposed to do better than Dudley in school," he murmured, not quite looking Mr. Coyner in the eye. Stephen's mouth tightened a bit at that. "Well, Harry, this isn't so much about school, as about those gifts you've inherited from your parents. Your aunt was supposed to tell you something about them, but after your meeting with the Queen, it became obvious that she didn't." "I want no part of such freakishness," Petunia muttered, turning and stalking into the kitchen. "Also, there's the matter of getting you properly outfitted," Stephen continued, ignoring the interruption. "As a Royal Ward, you receive a stipend for your clothing and other needs each year. I'm to help you learn to shop wisely and otherwise manage your funds among other things." Harry considered this for a moment, then nodded. "All right," he said with a shy smile. "I'd like to learn all that." Stephen stood with a smile, holding his hand out to Harry. "Shall we be off, then? I imagine you'd like having clothes that fit you and not a baby whale for a change." Harry couldn't stifle a giggle at that, as his new tutor led him out to a small car. "May I ask a question?" he ventured once they were both in the vehicle. "You just did," Stephen joked, attempting to put the boy a little more at ease. "Go ahead." "How come you got picked to be my tutor?" He smiled at that question. As far as the wizarding world knew, he was just another Muggleborn who had gone back to the Muggle world when he couldn't get a decent position in the wizarding world due to a lack of connections. It was partly true. He'd entered Hogwarts at the height of the war with Voldemort, a first year when this boy's parents were in seventh year, sorted into Hufflepuff despite some decidedly Slytherin tendencies because it simply wasn't safe for a Muggleborn to be in the house of the snake at the time. Careful observation of wizarding politics left him disgusted; too many of the old pureblood families used bribery to pass legislation favorable to themselves at the expense of the Muggleborns. And while Headmaster Dumbledore said all the right things about inclusiveness and integration, Stephen noticed that he didn't actually do anything in his Wizengamot duties to try to prevent the bribery or to get laws passed to give Muggleborns better opportunities. So while he was more than happy to complete his magical education, he decided to set himself a home study course over the summers with his older sister's books and class materials. He'd passed his GCSEs with flying colors and gone on to earn a total of four A-levels as well. He was currently halfway through university, working towards a degree in economics and spending the summer as an intern with his MP, with the eventual goal of entering the diplomatic corps. When word got around that there was some sort of special assignment being offered to 'anyone in Her Majesty's government who graduated from the Hogwarts School' he was intrigued enough to apply. It surprised him to know that the muggle government, or at least some parts of it, knew about the wizarding world. He'd been even more astonished to find himself being interviewed by the Queen, who handpicked him for the assignment because he was the youngest of the three applicants, and she hoped he'd be able to become friends with young Harry and perhaps even develop something of an older-brother relationship with him. Since he'd still been at school at the time, he was well aware that Dumbledore had placed the Boy-Who-Lived with Muggle relatives, and was a keen enough observer to have noticed that Professor McGonagall had protested such a placement. Having watched the headmaster's manipulations from the relative obscurity of Hufflepuff House, Stephen couldn't help but think there was something more behind the man's actions in leaving Harry Potter with the Muggles and never checking on his welfare. According to Her Majesty during the interview, her sources at the Ministry of Magic had said something to the effect of Dumbledore said there was some sort of protective blood wards around the house so long as the boy considered it his home, because of his mother's death to save him and the fact that his aunt was his mother's sister. Supposedly this was to keep him safe from any Death Eaters out for revenge. But given the abuse, did the child even think of his dwelling place as home? And if he didn't, what did that say about the so-called protection there? This whole situation simply reeked of the old wizard's manipulations, and quite frankly, Stephen was more than happy to both help the boy and do what he could to foul up Dumbledore's plans for Harry Potter, whatever they might be. He thought about how best to answer the boy's question. "Well, Harry," he said carefully, "that's because I have the same gifts as your parents did, and as you do. Tell me, has anything odd ever happened around you, or to you? Things that you just couldn't find an explanation for?" Harry nodded, looking scared. "One time when Dudley and his gang were after me, I went to jump over the rubbish bins behind the school, thinking maybe I could hide