We make war so that we may live in peace. - Aristotle "I've had enough trouble for a lifetime." My two best friends both seemed to understand me. My mind was half-sloshed at this point, but Hermione's was still going. "But Harry… if you're ever disarmed… what happened with Draco showed that you don't have to be killed for the Elder Wand to transfer its power." Ron was a lot less argumentative with Hermione than he used to be. "She's right, mate. Seems like a loose end that we don't need." I agreed. "Ok, then." I put down my Phoenix wand, picked up the Elder wand, and held an end with each of my hands, my arms outstretched. "Stand back, I'm not sure what this will do." They both took a few steps back, hand in hand. I turned my face to protect my eyes, and sharply snapped the wand in two. Nothing exploded, which was a pleasant surprise. I put the pieces, still loosely being held together by its core, on a table. It used to be the stand for several pieces of Dumbeldore's enormous collection of unique items, but it was empty now. McGonagall wasn't the collector that he had been, and she probably had hidden anything that was important with the state of the school over the last year. I picked up my first wand, pointed it at the remains of the Elder. "Diffindo!" The two pieces were firmly separated now. "Hermione, please put these in your bag and figure out the best way to dispose of them. Probably best if I don't know what happens to them exactly." I didn't need to be tempted and I didn't want anyone else to be able to get it out of me either. "Of course, Harry," she said. She picked up the two pieces and placed them in her bag. Hermione closed the top and stowed it back in her robe. And it was finally over. The journey that had started when I was barely a year old and had shaped my entire life up this point was ended. The reason that almost everyone in the magical world cared about me, one way or the other. The reason for almost every detail or circumstance in my life, even before I had known it. I felt a weight lifted off me that I had had for so long that I didn't even realize it was there. Who was I supposed to be now? Had i done everything I was supposed to in this life before even reaching eighteen? "I am… exhausted. I think I'm going to take a kip right here in the headmaster's office for at least a couple hours. There's a lot that I need to do but no one needs me collapsing." Hermione smiled. "You deserve it. We'll try to find somewhere quiet and probably do the same." I conjured up a mat and lay down. For the first time in seventeen years, I was truly alone with my thoughts. My sleep was restless. My mind had a hundred things it was trying to make sense of, and not being Hermione's, it wasn't up to the task. Images of green flashes, snakes, death, dementors, marauders, and redheads went through my head. I woke up, fumbled for my glasses, and looked at an ancient clock. Eleven. According to the calendar, May third. Though it had been a long time since the date mattered much to me. The sun was streaming through the windows. I stood up and vanished the mat. My body was still aching.l from the abuse of last night and also the previous year. I was far from rested, but I had enough energy to get through the day now. My stomach disagreed with me though. I sat down on a chair and said, "Kreacher?" With a sharp crack, my house elf appeared. He still looked old for an elf, but he seemed to be in much better shape since Regulus's burden has been lifted. He seemed comfortably mature and no longer decrepit. He bowed before me, a few cuts and scrapes but honestly looking better than he normally did. "Yes, master?" "First, I'd like to thank you for your help in the battle last night. And for all the help during the year. We have a lot to talk about later, but know that I'm very proud of you and I know Regulus is as well." Kreacher wore the grin of someone who had almost forgotten how to smile. "I have a lot to do today." "Does master require anything of Kreacher?" "Yes, I could use a ham sandwich or anything else that's ready in the kitchen. And a glass of butterbeer." My head was pounding and hopefully it would help a little. "Then once you're feeling decent, please make sure the house is liveable. I probably will be back there sometime, but not sure when." He bowed, disapparated, and was back in two minutes with two sandwiches and a mug. "The house was broken into, but not very damaged. Death Eaters respect the Black family." Thankful for small blessings. "Kreacher, I would like the bedrooms and hallways emptied out, including the portrait of Mrs. Black." I suspected he would be able to remove her, when wizarding magic had been unable to. "If there anything of Regulus' that you want to keep to remember him by, that is fine. Everything else, please store in the attic." I thought for a moment. "Once you're done with that, you can continue to help here in Hogwarts as the headmistress wishes until I move there permanently." "Thank… thank you, master. You is too generous to old Kreacher. I be leaving now to clean, but Kreacher always ready to help Harry Potter." Another crack and he left. For a about two minutes. After my second bite, Kreacher reappeared along with a somewhat familiar face in a pink pleated skiet. "Winky?" She curtsied and hesitantly spoke up. "Winky would like to beg a favor of sir." "I'll do my best." "Kreacher is wanting to serve his great master but Winky does not want him to be alone." I smiled. "I would be grateful to have your help, Winky, as I'm sure Kreacher would too. I'm sure the headmistress wouldn't mind. Having someone in your life to look out for you is important. I'll call on you both in a few days." Satisfied, both of them soon disappeared. I devoured the sandwiches and my stomach stopped complaining. I couldn't even remember the last time I ate. The beer was cold but felt warm going down and I could feel it refreshing my core to my toes. I now had enough strength to handle what needed to happen next. I retrieved the Marauder's map and opened it. I scanned for Ginevra Weasley as I had every day since the beginning of September until she had escaped. She was in a hallway near the entrance to the Ravenclaw common room sitting next to Luna. I tucked the map back away and put on the invisibility cloak, fearing I would be stopped every yard by well-wishers. After a few minutes, the two of them were in sight. The two of them were sitting on a bench quietly talking and consoling each other. Luna said, "I still miss her. But I didn't want it to overwhelm the time I have with the family I do have. I'll see her again. You will be able to feel the same way too, someday." It was easy to forget with all her quirks that Luna had suffered the loss of her mother in the past. She was a much stronger and brighter witch than I usually gave her credit. I took off my cloak and kept my distance, not wanting to interrupt, but not wanting to eavesdrop either. Luna looked over at me and smiled. "Speaking of that, I am sure Harry wants to be alone while he apologizes for the last nine months, most of which wasn't his fault. But that's the way he is." Luna walked up to me and squeezed me tightly. I returned the embrace. "Thank you Harry," she whispered. "I'm proud of both of you." That mattered more to me than I thought it would. She grinned and then drifted away in a haphazard way. When she was almost out of earshot, I heard "Nargle!" and she scampered away. Ginny stood up and walked towards me. Not rushing, she was almost gliding with purpose. Her hair was a mess, she had caked blood and grime down her robe and she was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen or ever would see. Her chocolate eyes bore deep into my heart. Whatever she was feeling, it was intense. I just couldn't tell what feeling it was at the moment. "Gin…" I began but she hushed me. "I ought to slap, punch, or hex you," she said. I was prepared for any or all three. "You were dead! I felt worse than any dementor attack or anything else that happened this last year. Then you don't find me for half a day... " She closed the rest of the distance between us and lifted her right hand. Instead of slapping me, which I knew I deserved, she put her right hand on my shoulder. A few tears left her eyes despite her fighting. "And now you are here with me and I can finally breathe after going through hell." We embraced for a few minutes in the hallway, just feeling safe in each other's arms. Finally, she said, "I might take you back if you ask." "Gin, I don't want anything else but to be with you." "Until the next crisis comes along, you mean." She wasn't going to completely forgive me for last year for a while. I shook my head, "Whatever happens, I'm not pushing you away again. It was a mistake and I'm so sorry... I'll make it up somehow…" Before I could finish, she was kissing me softly at first but slowly increasing the intensity. We both knew we finally didn't have to hurry. My hands sought out the small of her back and gently kept her close. I inhaled deeply when I could, filling my lungs with her scent. After a few minutes or an hour or an eternity, we finally paused. "I think you convinced me… and I hope you are the last boy… the last man... I ever kiss," she said while taking my hand. "You aren't quite off the hook yet though, just so you know." She smiled but I knew she was at least a little serious. I was ready for a lifetime of punishment if she wanted. She started leading me back to the common room, hand in hand. "Mum and dad have been waiting to see you." As we walked, I couldn't help but feel a little was for the first place that I remembered as a real home. Hundreds of parts from the suits of armor lay scattered. There was chunks of statues and wall and a fine layer of dust from the pulverized rocks on the ground and floating in sunbeams. "It will never be the same," I quietly said. Ginny sadly shook her head. "No, it won't. But it's still here. Marked but still loved." "How is everyone… sorry, that's a pretty dumb question right now." She shook her head, "They are sad about Fred and everyone else. But trying to be happy to be alive." Before we went in, she stopped me, "Dear, don't be too noble. We don't know exactly what you and Ron and Hermione were doing but I know it led to all this. You may be uncomfortable, but you are the hero to all of them. Let them thank you. And you are my hero too. Always." We walked in and Ginny said, "Look who I found!" Everyone who could stand up did, and there