Hi, hello, so this story was originally posted on my other account but I decided to delete it and give up on it entirely. But, while I was cleaning out my computer today I stumbled upon it again and decided to give it another shot on this account! So let me know what you think! Chapter One "Iz, are you sure we're not gonna get busted?" "Why the hell would we get busted for breaking into our own house?" I spun around and waved my flashlight in my twins face. It was our second night back in Forks and neither one of us could sleep. We weren't used to the rain pelting onto the roof or our auntie Nae snoring so loud it shook the walls. Before, we lived with our grandmother in sunny Los Angeles, California. We hated it. We were forced to move there after the death of our parents, it was either that or go into the foster system. That was something neither of us wanted, so we were uprooted with just a small bag of clothes each and shipped off on a plane to Grandma Swan. Don't get us wrong, we love our Grandma Swan. She was just very religious and very strict. Which, lead us to rebel, as any teenager would. My twin didn't rebel or adventure out quite as bad as I did. I mean, the only piercings she has are her ears. And that was because she got them done at Claire's. Me, on the other hand, have seventeen piercings. Well, seventeen holes that aren't in my body at birth. I also have five tattoos. But those will be addressed at another time. Preferebly in front of my cute boy. We moved from sunny LA to rainy Forks to live with our estranged aunt. She had just moved back into her four bedroom house from London. She came back saying something along the lines of being lonely, getting everything she could out of the experience, blah blah blah. The reason for our move, was for a number of reasons. Let me break them down for you. Reason number one, LA sucked ass. Reason number two, Rose was sexually assaulted by a fuckboi. And third and final reason, to find out the truth behind our parents death. What better way to start digging for answers than breaking into our old home? The town boarded it up after we left, claiming no one would want to live in a house where dead bodies were found. Hell, I would live in a house where a crime scene took place. Who knows? Maybe it was haunted, also big fucking deal. I was always the more adventurous twin, in other words, I had bigger balls than Rose did. She was older than me but what? Ten minutes? Hardly any time at all. She was the responsible one, the one with common sense that I so obviously lacked. She was the voice of reason, my rock, my best friend, my mom, my twin, and of course at times she posed as my lesbian lover. We're inseperable. Packaged deal. Two peas in a pod and all that other chummy bullshit. We were coming up to the house now. We decided to walk just in case if someone did call the cops on the two teenaged girls trying to break into the old Swan house then we could make a break for it on foot. The house looked the same as it did eleven years ago. Okay, not exactly the same, but close. The white looked to be faded to an ugly yellow, the grass was overgrown with weeds and desperately needed to be mowed. The windows were all boarded up and the front door had pain chipped off. Rose came up next to me and let out a low whistle. "Damn. The house really went to shit didn't it?" I nodded my head in agreament. I looked up at her and smiled before walking around to the side of the house where the old tree was. It was tall and there was a branch that was right next to our old bedroom window. I adjusted the backpack on my shoulders and slipped the flashlight into my mouth before I started climbing the tree. Rose did the same behind me and we were on our way to answers! I pulled myself up onto the branch and reached down to pull Rose up next to me. The window was boarded up with nails, but that wasn't a problem. "Here, hand me the crowbar from your bag." I reached my hand out as Rose handed me the crowbar. I carefully straddled the branch and leaned over to pry the wood from the window. Rose did the same behind me and grabbed hold of my waist in case I lost my balance, that way I wouldn't fall to my death. It took me a solid ten minutes before I could pry the wood off, and when it did I fell back into Rose a bit from the force and the board fell to the ground and cracked in half. We looked at each other and shrugged our shoulders. Rose leaned over and kicked the window with a loud crash. She had longer legs than I did, seeing as she was a good four inches than I was. She was 5'8" and I was 5'4". I carefully reached over to the window and grabbed at the sill with my gloved hands before practically jumping into the window. Rose followed after me and landed with a loud thud on top of me. She got off of me and helped me stand. We took out our flashlights and shined them around the room. It was the same as we left it. Bunkbed in the far corner, by the closet. Desk to our left, dresser on the other side next to our old toy chest. Everything was covered with a thick layer of dust. I walked over to the desk and grabbed the photo of Rose and I when we were four. Our faces were covered in chocolate as were our matching pink swimsuits. I shoved it in my bag before walking to the door. I felt Rose right behind me. We both took deep breaths and opened it. Straight ahead from the staircase that lead downstairs. To our right was the bathroom and on the left was our parents room, that we dared not to venture into. It was where the cops found them. We carefully made our way down the rickety old steps and into the livingroom. The old TV set was sitting in the corner, dad's old recliner was facing it and the ugly yellow couch was pushed against the windows. I walked into the livingroom to grab the family photos while Rose made her way into the kitchen. I knew we probably wouldn't find much here, but at least the pictures would help us cope. When we were taken, we weren't even aloud to take any photos. I asked why and the detective dude told me because the whole house was a crime scene. I snorted at the memory. What a load of crap. "Did you grab the photos?" Rose made her way over to where I was standing. I leaned down and opened the hope chest before grabbing the last photo album and our favorite sisters blanket. "Yeah, let's get the fuck out of here. This house gives me the chills." We quickly made our way back upstairs and into our old bedroom for the last time. After climbing out the window and sitting back on the branch, we took one long last look at where we spent our first six years of our lives. I took a deep breath and held back the tears that I knew Rose was already shedding. We carefully made our way down the tree, and I thought I was doing a fairly good job. I might be athletic, but I was still clumsy as shit. When I was about three feet from the ground, my luck ran out and my foot slipped before I landed flat on my back. Rose was laughing at me. I flipped her the bird and took a second to gather my bearings. I stood up and adjusted the back pack. I looked at Rose and she smiled at me before grabbing my hand. We started walking back to our aunt's house without a second look at the haunting memory of our pasts behind us. ~~~SKINNY LOVE~~~ "Iz! Wake up, it's time for school!" I groaned and kicked my twin off my bed. She fell to the ground with a loud thump and a curse at me. I shoved my pillow over my head and groaned again, only louder. "Come on! You can sleep when you're dead!" I felt Rose pull away at my blankets, which caused me to groan even louder. She laughed at me before smacking my ass and started to pull me by my feet. I grabbed the headposts and held on tight. Rose was strong when she wanted to be. I heard her shuffling on the floor in her socks, trying to find a grip. I smiled when I heard her fall on her ass. She huffed one more time before giving me a wedgie. I turned over onto my back and smacked her with my pillow. "That's what you get for sleeping in your underwear AND not getting up! Now let's go, it's our first day and I know you wanna scope out if there's any cute boys." I rolled my eyes at my twin as she left my room and shut the door behind her. It was weird not sharing a room, this was the first time in our lives where we didn't. For being twins, even fraternal twins, we looked almost nothing alike. The only resemblance we had was our brown eyes and our dimples. Other than that, it was like we were ebony and ivory. Rose was tall with blonde ass hair. It was more wavy than curly like brown hair was. She was taller than I was, and she had bigger boobs! How unfair is that? At least I had the bigger ass. Rose was more into fictional books and I was more into classics. She favored rom com movies while I would choose The Shining over anything Nicolas Sparks related. Rose as actually more of the shy twin, especially now after what happened with the fuckboi in LA. While we shared some stark differences, we were also more alike than anything. We both loved music and soccer, we even go on early morning runs together. Well, except for this morning since we didn't fall asleep until we got back home at 3am. We were both headstrong and sass as fuck. Well, I was anyway. Rose had her moments. Our names were also super old names. Rosalie and Isabella. I mean, this is the 21st century. Not the 18th. We didn't mind though, she went by Rose or Alie while I want by Iz or Bella. I prefered Iz though like how Rose prefered Rose. I heard her yell for me again downstairs as I was pulling on my favorite red converse. I grabbed my back pack before checking my makeup one more time in the hall mirror next to the stairs. I practically ran down the stairs and out the door, grabbing the apple from Rose's hand as she followed me out to our car. We shared it, seeing as we were literally inseperable. It was a vintage blue VW bug and we adored it. Auntie Nae gave it to us as a welcome home gift, she also said we wouldn't be getting much for Christmas. When we got into the car I was able to see what Rose put for her first day of school outfit. She was wearing her favorite long sleeve brown shirt. It was flowy at the bottom and