Hi! I'm Host312 and this is the Unknown. I would like to inform new readers that it is being rewritten so I apologise for grammar errors in later chapters. It has been beta's by Dogstar13 and Dollybigmomma so Thank You! Hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: We all know who owns twilight! Chapter 1-Offering... Music sang softly as the purple flags fluttered gently. Thousands of red eyes stared around the huge, glittering, grand ballroom. The light reflected off their grinning eyes as they murmured to one another. Under a grand chandelier, beautifully dressed people waltzed, their dresses exotic as they shook to the bouncing beat. Bright feathers stuck out of their backs, shimmering like peacocks. Sighing, I rested my head against the red velvet padding of my throne. My family's murmurs faded into the background, their thoughts drifting in the wind. Why were they so excited? Why were they so eager to end a person's life? I know it was so important to them and it was tradition, but could they not see the agony I was in? I was not ready for this tragedy. I was not ready to become a murderer. Sometimes I wish I had never been chosen. I wish I had died along my tribe, but instead I was doomed to a life of a monster… a horrid monster… I use to live in the sanctuaries- a place where vampires keep humans for their 'safety'. When I was eleven years old I was chosen to be part of the offering. The offering is a tradition that happens every year, each year a human was chosen to be drained by a vampire. If you are lucky, you can be saved by being chosen to become a slave or a family or in my case a member of the royal family. I don't remember my real name but my mother as I came to call the queen of the vampires named me Edward. On the night of my seventeenth birth day, I officially became Prince Edward of Phoenix and also creature I detest the most; a vampire. For the last two hundred years, I have struggled to keep my humanity and at times became wild and untamed. Instead of living in the open forests, I live in a grand palace that has over a thousand rooms even though some are useless and I am forced to contribute in vampire tradiitions. Today was my turn in the very ceremony that had joined me to this horrid world. It was my turn to take part in the offering; I would have to murder an innocent I never saw before... The bouncing music shook my throne slightly, reminding me of the celebrations around me. They were celebrating the youngest prince's offering-my first offering. They were celebrating the death of over a thousand humans…they were celebrating the end of life. Why did they need to do this just for royalty? Could they not just kill the poor humans instead of putting the creatures through torture? "Son, are you listening to me?" My father's voice brought me out of my muse. "Yes?" I turned to face him. His golden eyes were filled with concern as he peered at me. "I asked if you were excited about your first offering. The first offering is always the best, you know?" I strained a smile. "Yes, father, I am excited- exhilarated is a better word to use." My father smiled as he breathed a sigh of relief. "I am glad, I thought you would be reluctant." I am. Flashing a forced grin, I ground the words out. "Why would I be reluctant? It's a family tradition. I should be proud to take part in it." His eyes saddened. "Edward, are you sure you want to do this? We can stop it if you want." Hope filled his voice as if he wanted me to back down. I shook my head. "I have to do it for the family." "No you don't. We can send them back if you are not ready to…." My heart-strings tugged when he said this. No, the people are relying on me and…. "I may not be ready but for some reason I feel like I have to… like it is my destiny." Tilting his head, my father analysed me, his eyebrows furrowing. I looked him in the eye-concern lay there. His defined face was expressionless as he reached across to pat my shoulder. "I am proud of you." His voice was no more than a cold whisper. Suddenly, trumpets blared, echoing around the room. Silence fell across the once noisy ballroom. "The royal offerings," a gruff voice declared. Groaning open, the big, smooth wooden doors swung open, revealing the offerings. Chains scraped against the floor, slowly, as the humans stumbled into the room. White dresses and suits coated their skin and their hair had been styled. Silent whimpers escaped the poor offerings as they stared around the room, fear evident in their eyes. A pair of brown eyes flashed to me as a brunette-bobbed woman scrambled along, hiding something in the flowing material of her dress. The observers inhaled, their eyes trailing the lines of the offerings, pink tongues darted across painted red lips. Rising from my seat, I moved in front of my father. Pressing my right hand over my chest, I kneeled down. "For you my king, I, Prince Edward of Phoenix, will be honoured to take part in this year's offering." My father shoes gleamed as I stared at his booted feet. I felt a hand graze my shoulder. "Rise Prince Edward." I did so, my hands grasping his right elbow as he embraced mine. The salute of respect between royals. Staring into his eyes, we shared a knowing look. Slowly, I stepped away to face the red eyes that watched us. "Good luck son," he whispered in my ear before he turned to our audience. "Ladies and gentlemen, the time has arrived again. It is time for the Royal offering. It was started many years ago by King Litherus the third in honour of his son, Lucas the brave and his arrival into young adulthood. Each year we hold an offering ceremony, where a member of the royal family is chosen to pick his offering and taste their blood in honour of that very first ceremony. The time has arrived for my son Prince Edward to take his first offering and to be welcomed into the world as a young adult." The crowd roared, I took a deep breath, preparing myself for what my father was about to say, silently, I prayed inside for the soul I was about to take. "So let the event begin." Everything slowed down; the humans' heartbeats thudded in my ears as I inhaled the sweet air. A sweet lavender scent floated up my nose, controlling my mind. My vision turned black and white. Time sped up as I leapt off the stage. Weaving in and out of frozen humans, I tried to find the owner of the scent. Sweaty bodies scrambled away from my seething figure. Their owner's eyes widened with terror. They screamed when I pushed them out of the way, causing the rest of the line to fall like dominoes. Suddenly, I backtracked. I stopped in front two brunette women in white dresses. The scent was in between them. It swarmed around in the air. That's when I saw a little hand wrapped around one of the women's leg. A familiar face stared at me as I moved towards the shaking woman; her bright brown eyes widened with fear. Blocking the little hand from my view, she adjusted her dress. A snarl scraped through my lips. She took a step back, the chain stopping her from going any further. The room fell silent. My footstep seemingly echoed like thunder. The woman's eyes were still wide, her hand grasping the person that hid beneath her long flowing skirt. Begging in desperation, my heart pulled my torso towards the little figure. "Please, don't hurt her, take me instead! Anything but her please-" She pleaded as I yanked her out of the way. A pair of little, stunning brown eyes stared up at me. Twinkling, they widened with fear, and she shuffled towards the woman. Dropping to my knees, I stretched towards her; my fingers aching to grasp her skin. "Hello, I won't hurt you." A squeal escaped her lips as I reached for her. Her hands pushed at an invisible wall like it was meant to shield her from me. I put my hands up in surrender as I tried to move closer. "It's okay, I won't hurt you." The girl stared at my hands in terror as she shuffled yet closer to the woman. "Please don't harm her, take me instead." The women repeated, hugging the child to her torso, keeping her eyes on my figure. I moved towards the woman, my fingers widening as she tried to cocoon the girl away from my grasp. She didn't realize she was helping me capture her. Ripping her arms from around the girl's figure, I ignored the child's screams. The chain that held her to the woman snapped in two. "No!" She screamed as I pressed the squirming child to my torso. "Angie!" The girl screamed, her arms reaching out to the human as I turned away, a triumphant smile on my face. "Bella!" The women struggled against the guard's grasp as she tried to reach for the child. Trying to calm her as I approached the stage, I stroked her soft, smooth brunette hair. Tears dripped down my shirt. Panicked thoughts entered my brain, many of them were about how she wasn't a good offering. I let a growl escape through my lips; causing the child to go into hysterics. Angie! Angie! Her thoughts got louder as the angelic child continued to fight against my hold. Cooing, I focused on the thoughts surrounding me. Many were filled with sympathy for the child who was about to lose her life so young. But as I stared at the crying child, I could feel nothing but fascination and enchantment. I climbed up onto the stage and stood next to my father; his face was grim as he stared at the child. If only he knew. He gestured for me to make the speech. I searched around the room, taking in the people's faces. "In tradition of the Wersters that have ruled these lands for years. I am honoured to share this moment with you as I accept my-" I looked at my father as I finished the sentence, "-mate." Gasps filled the room as the woman who had hid the child stopped struggling. "What!" my father demanded, his grim face replaced with a mask of joy. Is it true? My family's thoughts echoed each other. A proud smile pulled its way onto my face as I nodded. The child's sobs quieted as my hand soothed her hair. The hall erupted into cheers and murmurs as my sister squealed, jumping up to hug me, her black hair swaying down her back. A growl entered my throat as she flung herself at me; I flipped over and landed on the chair. The child started to struggle in my grasp. "Edward, I only wanted to give you a congrats hug." My father's hand touched my sister's shoulder, his eyes burning at my sister's stupidity. "Alice, he could have killed you." My sister rolled her eyes; not seeing the threat she had been to my mate. "He wouldn't ha-" "You lunged for him with his vulnerable mate in his arms." "But-"Alice huffed. My father's glare told her everything, and she turned to face my little mate and me. "I am sorry, Edward. I completely forgot about the feeling. Do you forgive me?" I nodded in response. Her hand grazed her opposite as she motioned thank you before she sat down. My father's quizzical eyes stared unnervingly at me. Do