Horror story. Disclaimer : I don't own twilight . Perfection Burning with sickening glee at the sound of the children's joyful laughter, evilly, looming through the withered, grasping, branches of rotting trees behind the shade of the dark canopy of dying leaves, was a pair of pessimistic, eerie, ruby, red eyes. Oblivious to the looming, eerie, ruby red eyes, that glowed from the overgrown, wilting bushes, following their every move, two children played in the light, open, grassy clearing. With a pair of light brown twinkling eyes, a woman sat on a bright blanket watching them play. Bouncing, her long curling locks shook as she laughed. Light blue silk blew in the calm wind, turning transparent in the sparkling sun rays, a childish squeak rang out as a little girl with long flowing brown hair, playfully, ran away from the curly- haired boy. Her brown eyes shone brighter with each step as her bell- like laugh rang out. The little boy laughed as he chased after her, his hands reaching out as he tried to grasp her. His curly hair bobbing up and down with excitement. "Stop it, Jess!" She giggled. "I'm going to get you, Lily!" The boy yelled back as he hurried after her. Identical dimpled smiles painted their cheeks. "No you're not!" Glancing over her moving shoulder, cheekily, she stuck her tongue out at him. "Yes I am, aren't I mommy?" The boy's tone was filled with determination as he shot a glance towards the woman on the checker blanket. Shaking her head, she chuckled at the children's antiques. They were just like their father… Her eyes caught the watch that was settled on her left wrist. The gold twisting its way around her wrist like a vine. Splattering of the glass of the watch, a rain drop fell from the clear blue sky. "I don't know but unfortunately it will have to wait. It's time to go home" Placing the blanket under one arm, she held her hands towards them. Sullen looks came over the children's joyful face as they took each of her hands. Disappearing into the withering trees, the little girl glanced back over her shoulder. Widening her eyes, a shiver ran up her small, soft spine as she took in the pair of frosty, callous, demonic red eyes that stared back at her like a hawk through the dead, browning leaves. The eyes smiled slyly at her, waving an invisible hand. The woman tugged on her hand. Turning away, slowly, she disappeared into the dying forest, her hand tightly grasping onto her mothers, her little knuckles whitening. The clear blue sky darkened as thunder shook the ground, birds scattered from the trees. Crows cawing as they laughed into the darkening, rainy sky. Running down the leaf, a lonely rain drop fell from its tip. Catching it on a pale, white, long, skeletal finger, the pair of red eyes grinned. A dark chuckle rang out. "I'll see you soon." The leaves hissed to one another. Thunder clapped again, lightening brightened up the now cloudy sky. Whispering in a sickly sweet voice, the wind howled the words. "My precious little dolls…" Pouring herself a sweet, steaming cup of coffee, gently, she leaned back in her arm chair, a content smile on her face. The warmth of the crackling fire sent tingles running along her skin. Little giggling came from the ceiling. Rolling her eyes, happily, she sipped from her cup of steaming coffee. Looking around the room, a smile broke out on her red rose lips. She couldn't deny that life for her and her children was a lot easier than it was for others. It was like a feather blowing in the breeze; free and simple as can be. There was the odd occasional hiccup; nothing that couldn't be sorted out; but apart from that, it was easy. Isolated from society, they lived happily in a fairy tale cottage on the edge of once beautiful blooming woods. Glowing Flowers, that seemed to be the only plant like life in the now deserted woods, surrounded the outside of its sweet greying walls. Fading, white, wilting window planes revealed cosy contents that hid behind the fading walls. Warm whitewalls wrapped the inside like a wrapping paper around a present. Wooden floor board coated the damp soil beneath. In one of the corners stood an old, croaking grandfather clocked. Book selves filled the walls piled high with books. An old tattered sofa sat in the corner, while a grand arm chair sat in front of an open log fire. Staring into the crackling fire, she day dreamed about her life and the future that was to follow, she pictured herself growing old with grace like a swan, expanding its wings. A stick cracked. Her eyes snapped to the window. Placing the cup down on the table, hesitantly, she tiptoed up to the window; her eyes weary as she stared out into the dark forest. Dead leaves hung off the branches of withered trees. Hooting echoed into the night as an owl flew across the moon. From its feet, loosely, dangled a mouse; its tail limply blowing in the wind. She went to move back to her seat when another branch cracked. Peering further into the darkness, she squinted her eyes. Bang! She screamed in terror. A pair of disturbing red eyes pressed themselves against the cold, hard, glass of the window; their owner's identity hidden behind the hood of a cloak. Scrambling backwards, the woman fell to into the table. Crash! The table fell to the floor, the hot cup of coffee spilling everywhere. The lamp shattered, scattering onto the wooden floor like decaying gravestones. Looking up at the blank window; the eyes had faded back into the darkness. Scrambling to her feet, she grasped onto her chair; the material ripping under her tense nails. Wearily, she took her steps over to the door. Grasping the old door handle, shaking she twisted the door. Creaking the door open, goose bumps ran up her bare arms as the freezing air hit her. Branches cracked beneath her bare feet, the dirt sinking into her skin. The world was quiet, the only sound was the wind blowing into the branches of the dead trees. "Hello?" The only reply was the hoot of a hunting owl. It's all in my mind, she sighed in her thoughts .It was probably a bat or something. Turning to go in, she released a chuckle at her stupidity. The door slammed behind her. Taking a deep breath she moved towards her chair. The fire puffed out sending the room into complete darkness. Glancing around the dark room, silhouettes peered into her vision. Like a pair of cat's eyes, two red eyes gleamed in the darkness; a silhouette of a cloaked man stood out. Blinking, she was faced with the plain dark living room. A floor board creaked. Snapping her eyes around, the old grandfather clock in the corner chimed. A floor board creaked again, spinning around, she took in the abandon room. The grandfather clock chimed slowly. Cold breath breathed on the back of her neck. Slamming a cold hand over her mouth, her distressed cries were muffled. Prying at the unyielding fingers, tears streamed down her face. Her vision blurred as her captor tightened his grasp. Struggling to keep her eyes open, she heard the baleful voice sing melodiously in her ear. "Hello Isabella." ... Chilling, icy breath sent shivers up her arm as a cold, smooth hand stroked her cheek. Sharply, something cold pricked her upper arm; the freezing liquid ooze into her veins. Blinking, her vision cleared revealing a glowing blood red eye that peered into hers. Snapping her eyes shut, she tried to yank her hands up to push the owner away. She felt something cold and smooth grasp at her wrists, holding them down to her sides. Tugging against the metal that held her hands down, a sob escaped her mouth. It's no use an eerie voice whispered in her head. Letting darkness take control over her mind, she focused on a faint light, that glinted slightly, in the pitch black of her subconscious. "Why, good morning Isabella" A voice lightly sung at her, its voice sickly sweet like lemon juice. "How are you this morning?" It chuckled darkly at the end. Hesitantly, she opened one eye, the red eye looked amusedly down at her. Closing it again she counted to ten. The voice sighed, the hand leaving her cheek as the footsteps echoed off. The sound of surgeon gloves being snapped on cracked through the air like a whip. Snapping her eyes open, a bright light blared in them, burning her eyeballs. Yelling, she closed them again. Slowly, she opened her eyes fully, staring into the blinding light, the women ignored the burning feeling that sparked through her eyes. The light started to fade, revealing two angled slabs opposite her. Gasping, she yanked at her restraints as she saw her two sweet sleeping children. Her daughter lay peacefully, a smile on her face. As she traced her features, she noticed her daughter was no longer wearing her my little pony pyjamas, instead a white hospital gown coated her little body, around her wrists and ankles were small cuffs. Glancing at her son, she noticed he was the same as his sister. Moving her hand, she felt for the material of her flowery dress, she grasped what should have been the soft velvet of her dress; instead it was smooth and slippery. Looking back at her sleeping daughter, a pile of neat bronze hair appeared as a figure leaned in. Taking the figure in, it looked like it was dressed in white surgeon clothes that seemed to glow brightly in the light. Watching, she repressed a yell as a gloved hand grazed her daughter's cheek, a light hum came from the figure. Putting a silver syringe in his pocket, the figure moved on to loom over her sleeping son; a frown on his cute face. Muttering away to himself, contently, the figure hummed. The gloved mirrored the motion it had done to her daughter. The light sparkled as it hit off the needle. Looking away, her eyes noticed a surgeon tray in the middle of the triangle of tab, the circular light shone on it like a spot light. Numerous of items: Knives, tweezers, syringes and needles sat on top of a white sheet, flashing under the bright light. Appearing out of nowhere, a gloved hand picked something up, a knife, it flicked the dry blood off as the knife glistened under the light. Tracing the hand to the arm, her eyes landed on the crown of the figures head. The hair had been parted neatly at the front. Slowly, the head looked up, the pair of ruby red eyes connecting with hers. Her lips were dry, her tongue darted out, moistening them. His eyes lit up at the sight. "Who are you?" She croaked. "I am Edward, my dear and you are Isabella" She scowled at him. The man clicked his tongue as he approached her "Now, Now Isabella! My dolls don't frown. No! They don't. My dolls are perfect." His gloved hand grazed her cheek. The rubber smooth against her skin. Flinching, she glared at him. He sighed. "We have a lot to work to do with you, Isabella. Don't worry my sweet though. We'll get you there. You will be perfect. I'll make you perfect." He crooned softly to her, his hand caressing her hair. Bringing her locks to his face, he sniffed it, moaning at the scent. "Your look is nearly perfect, we just have to work on the attitude. That shouldn't take long." He patted her cheek, turning away, he returned to the tray, his back to her. "It shouldn't take long at all." He sighed happily. "Why are you doing this?" She rasped quietly. The man chuckled. "To make you perfect." Cunningly, he glanced