Disclaimer: I own nothing. Every recognizable character and place belong to the property of J.K Rowling, Warner Brothers, and Scholastic. I am not making any money off of this work. Warnings/ Triggers: ALL OF THEM. Sex, drug use, alcohol use, torture, gore, blood magic, underage sex, mentions of non-con/dub-con, murder, bullying, pretty much anything you can think of is going to be in here. If you cannot handle this, then please do not read this story. If however, you're just as demented as me, you should enjoy it very much. This story came to life after seeing a post in The Death Eater Express on Facebook asking a What-if about the Trio being in Slytherin. This story developed from it. Hope you enjoy. "And the Forgotten will Reign. The Broken will Heal. The Chosen will Choose." Ronald Weasley often felt forgotten. The youngest of his brothers, but not the youngest child. No, that position was taken by his sister Ginevra. The daughter his parents had always wanted. The reason that his family was so poor. After all, if they had stopped having children after Bill, or Charlie, or Percy, or the twins or even him they would have been better off. But it wasn't to be. While Ginny got new robes and toys and books, he was stuck with hand-me-downs from his brothers. Clothes that barely fit, either too big or too small. Toys that were broken, and abused from years of wear and tear. Books that were missing pages or falling apart. He got the worst of everything, while his darling little sister got the best of what his parents could afford. That wasn't the worst of his lot. No, as the youngest son, he didn't have a chance of being noticed. Not with Bill being Head Boy, and Charlie being a Quidditch star, Percy with his book smarts, and the twins with their pranks. All of the niches were filled. There was no place for ickle Ronnekins. He was expected to live up to the roles of his brothers, but why should he? Why should he go to Hogwarts and become a Gryffindor, just because every Weasley that ever went was? Why should he have to give up more of himself trying to fill shoes that could never be filled? It wasn't fair, or right. And dammit all, he wanted more! More than to be just another Weasley. More than the forgotten youngest son, more than to be overlooked simply because he didn't seem important to anyone else. Staring at the evening sky, the night before he and his family would go supply shopping for Hogwarts, Ron knew that he was on the precipice of a choice. One that would change his life forever. The following day, he held onto his father's hand as he apparated them to Diagon Alley. It made his stomach twist and turn, the feeling of being squeezed through a too tight tube enough to make him want to vomit. Of course, he would never say as much. Not in front of his parents and especially not in front of his brother's lest they use it against him. It was strange to him, how supposedly brave and chivalrous men and women were so cowardly to turn on their own family. Their own blood. Perhaps that's what the other purebloods really meant when they called them Blood Traitors. Funny thing that. How much blood really meant in the wizarding world as a whole, and just how little it meant to his family. His mother had already swept away with Ginny, no doubt to spoil her some more, while his brothers had scattered. His father placed a hand on his shoulder, "Let's go get you a wand, son." Arthur said, leading him towards Ollivanders. Ron felt an instant rush of happiness. His own wand. His. Something that only he would own, that wouldn't be passed down from his brothers. He had worried that he might have gotten stuck with an old family wand, but instead, he was getting his very own. The bell above the door chimed as they entered the dusty old shop and Mr. Ollivander appeared behind the counter. "Ah, hello Arthur. Holly with a core of unicorn hair nine and a half inches, rather flexible. And this must be your youngest boy, Ronald." Mr. Ollivander greeted them, peering over the counter to stare at him. Ron shifted uncomfortably, although he was slightly pleased that the wandmaker knew his name, he was still unused to such intense attention. "Well then, let's get you sorted lad," Ollivander said, before beginning to take stock of Ron. "Arms out. Right or left handed?" Ron waved his right hand. "Good, good. Now to take some measurements." Ollivander muttered while a tape measure began taking measurements of his arms. From fingertip to fingertip across his chest, from the tip of his right middle finger to his wrist and finally from his wrist to his elbow. Ollivander hummed and turned to the back of his store, where boxes upon boxes of wands were piled up precariously. Ron wondered how they all managed to stay up, even with magic. "Try this one. Poplar, unicorn hair, ten and a quarter inches. Nice and rigid." Ollivander said, placing the wand before Ron. Ron grasped it lightly only to hiss and drop it when it sent out red sparks that stung. "Not that one," Ollivander tutted taking the wand back gingerly with brows raised. Over and over Ron tried out varieties of different wands. None of them seemed to fit correctly. They were either too explosive or too unresponsive. Just as Ron was about to give up, Ollivander pulled out a peculiar looking box. It was ornately decorated, pure black with silver veins running through it. It was topped with glittering rubies, and Ron felt a yearning to grab the wand and run with it. He controlled himself but still eyed the box covetously. He could feel the power rolling off the box in waves, calling to him, begging him to take it and be its true master. Before Ollivander could hand over the wand inside though, Arthur spoke up, "Mr. Ollivander, we couldn't possibly afford such a luxurious wand. Are you sure there aren't any others?" In that moment, Ron felt a fury bubble up inside him. A fury directed towards his father. How dare he! This was his wand, his, and he wanted to deny him it. Before Ron could open his mouth to object Mr. Ollivander batted his hand at Arthur, "Nonsense. The wand chooses the wizard, Arthur. If this wand chooses your boy, then he will pay the same price as any other wand in my shop. A true wandmaker knows better than to keep a wand from its wizard." Ollivander handed over the box carefully, "Go on lad. Try this one. Ebony, with a Phoenix feather core. Twelve and three-quarter inches, rigid flexibility." Ron gazed upon the box lovingly, he could feel the magic in his veins humming with anticipation. Lifting the lid carefully he grasped the wand in his hand and let out an excited laugh as the magic swirled around the room, lifting his hair and shooting off silver sparks. Ollivander looked on curiously, strange that one of the first wands his family had ever crafted, found its home in one so young. This young lad was destined for great things, and he could only hope they would be wonderful as well. Harry Potter hated Number 4 Privet Drive with a passion. He hated everything about it, from his Aunt Petunia's ridiculous chinaware that no one could touch, much less eat off of, to his Uncle Vernon's obscene snoring that could be heard all the way under the stairs. But he especially hated his cousin Dudley. He was loud, lazy, fat and slovenly. Not to mention spoiled beyond belief. While Harry was lucky if his birthday was even remembered with a piece of tissue paper, Dudley was lavished in gifts. Heaven forbids if one was missing, or if there weren't as many as the year before, then the entire neighborhood could hear his tantrums. Harry himself was reduced to wearing his cousin's too large hand me downs, and once Dudley had caught on, he made it his mission to destroy them to the best of his ability knowing Harry would still have to wear them. Of course neither his Aunt or Uncle ever punished the brat, choosing instead to give into his whims; all for the sake of appearing normal. That was the entirety of their life. Look normal, act normal, be normal. Normal. What a boring awful thing to be. He wanted to be extraordinary. He wanted to be able to look at those who had bullied him all his life and spit in their faces for ever believing themselves to be better than him. For punishing him for things he couldn't explain, such as growing his hair back right after his Aunt had cut it. Or finding himself on the roof of his school when Dudley and his gang of bullies chased him with threats of pounding him to death. Or even when his Uncle had caught him talking to a small garden snake. His face had turned puce with rage, and he'd grabbed the poor thing and crushed it within his beefy fist before slinging it to the ground to stomp on. After that incident Harry had been regulated to his cupboard for a week, only allowed out to use the restroom and scarf down some bread and water. Then he would be unceremoniously shoved back into the dim space and told to think about what he's done. But the truth was he didn't understand what he'd done, or how or even why. Some things just happened, and he very rarely had any control over them when they did. So when the first letter addressed to him came, and his Uncle tore it up in front of him, he was angry. When twenty more after that arrived, and his uncle burned them he was livid. And when his Uncle moved them all to this terrible little Island just to avoid the mysterious owls delivering them, he was beyond furious. As he lay on the hard dirt of the awful shack, he felt his anger mount higher and higher. How dare they do this to him! It wasn't his fault he was different. He shouldn't be treated like pond scum because of it. In fact, he should be treated like royalty. Imagine what all he could do if he learned to control the things that happened around him. People would call him a miracle worker, not a freak. And it wasn't like Vernon and Petunia Dursley were truly normal, to begin with. Not his Aunt with her horse-like face and freakishly long neck and obsession with what the neighbors were doing. Not with the way she would secretly smoke cigarettes in the laundry room, that she thought no one knew about. Not with how she would eye the teenage boys that would often come to mow her lawn because Vernon was too lazy to do so himself. And not his Uncle, with his absurdly large body and meaty fists that were prone to hitting walls and tables and sometimes even Harry himself. Not with his disturbing movie collection that featured girls that were surely too young to be doing such acts. Not with how he would brag about himself to anyone who would listen, regardless if they cared or not. Not Dudley, with his spoiled tendencies and bullying. Not with how he would chase people down to spit on them, or try to lift the older girls dresses when they passed by. No, they weren't normal at all. So when a man who was easily eight foot tall bashed through the door of the shack and offered to take him to another world. One hidden from his Aunt and Uncle and cousin, one in which