(I OWN ONLY PLOT) A/N: This is for my best friend Random Nerdy Killjoy's birthday. Happy birthday, my fellow awkward Hayffie shipper. It was that day again. Effie pounded her fist on her alarm clock, then opened one eye, seeing the sunlight pouring in. She had moved into the Victor's Village in District Twelve after the rebellion to be near Katniss, Peeta and Haymitch. Not one of them was coping well and they were hoping she'd be there for them. She groaned at the bright light, rolled over and shoved her pillow over her head. "God, I just want to sleep! At least give me that!" She heard loud knocking at her front door. "Hey, Princess, get up!" Effie groaned at the voice. "No, Haymitch!" The door clicked and footsteps thundered up to her room and someone flipped her mattress. "Get your lazy bum up, sweetheart, we have things to do!" Haymitch yelled, excited for no reason that Effie could see. She grouchily yanked her duvet and pillows back. "And the first one of all is sleep." Haymitch yanked her duvet away and picked her up, carrying her downstairs. "I don't think so, sweetheart. We are going out today!" Effie snarled, very out of her usual bright and bubbly character. "Put me back, Haymitch, or you will have a not-happy Effie to deal with!" "I have a grumpy Effie already and I'm not scared. Forgive me if I'm not quaking in my boots." Haymitch smirked, enjoying her displeasure. "You do realise that this is my house, it is bad manners to throw someone out of their own bed and that you shouldn't even be here, don't you?" "I realise it, sweetheart, but I don't care about it. I care about getting you out." He showed her a breakfast of pancakes and syrup. "Peeta made them. I just left them there for you." "Haymitch, what is all this about?" Effie asked, starting to eat the pancakes. "This, princess, is because I know it's your birthday. And Catnip and Peeta want your house to themselves." Effie choked on a pancake. "What? Don't those two know they have their own homes?" Haymitch laughed, making her some coffee. He pulled out his flask and took a deep swallow. "Those two have plans for your house, Princess. And I have my own little gift for you." He handed her a pink envelope which looked somewhat thicker than a birthday card. "If I open this, am I going to get splashed with anything?" Effie's voice showed apprehension, which Haymitch found amusing for unknown reasons. "Not today, sweetheart. Anyway, what are you waiting for? Open it." Not being one to be rude and not open a gift, Effie edged one sharp nail under the sealed edge of the envelope. She slid it quickly and felt a sharp pain. "Ouch!" Haymitch whipped around, still drinking. He swallowed, a smirk on his face as he saw Effie's pained expression. "What did you do, sweetheart?" "Paper cut. Ow... Could you pass me some kitchen roll? I don't react well to... Blood... Oh, dear." She'd spotted the thick red liquid starting to drip down her finger and had paled rapidly. She swallowed as hard as she could, then murmured "I really need that kitchen roll, Haymitch..." She had started swaying in her seat and it wasn't looking good for her. Haymitch seized the kitchen roll and pulled it off its stand, placing the roll, still on the cardboard tube, over her finger. "How's that?" "Thank you, Haymitch. At least I can't see the blood now." Effie tried to muster up a smile, but her hands were shaking, which Haymitch was beginning to recognise as shock. "Effie... Are you okay? Should I go get Mrs Everdeen?" It was apparent even to Effie, who was currently in shock, that he was worried now and had no way to help. "No, no... It's okay, I can handle it..." The words had barely escaped her lips before the little food and drink she'd got down made a horrible reappearance and barely digested. "Are you sure? It doesn't look like you're capable." By this time, Haymitch was terrified of drinking himself out in case she ended up fainting and killing herself. He may not have liked her, but he didn't want her dead. "I'm sure... Oh, goodness, no!" Her blood had dripped out from under the kitchen roll and down her hand. Her crystal blue eyes had landed on it for what must have been half a second before they rolled back in her head and she fainted. It had been true, she really couldn't handle the sight of blood. Haymitch recalled that whenever a tribute was being murdered, she would run from the room until the whir of the hovercraft had left and she wouldn't watch the recap of all the deaths. He picked up his house phone and called Katniss's home. It was, to his relief, little Primrose who picked up. "Hello?" Haymitch was frantic now. "Prim, could you and your mother get to Effie's house?" "Why? What's happened? Have either of you been hurt?" Prim was feeling a bit nervous now. She'd grown fond of Effie and, when he wasn't hallucinating or drunk, Haymitch. "Effie has. She got a paper cut and... I don't know, she passed out." Prim relaxed. She knew what Effie was like with blood and exactly what had happened to her. "I'm on my way. My mother's treating a Seam child who has pneumonia." Prim was exceptionally quick and Haymitch had never been more grateful for the little blonde girl. She cleaned Effie's hand and wrapped a waterproof sticky plaster over the injury, then gently woke her. She coaxed her into having a drink of water and relaxed her, tempting her with some toast, easing her back. Two hours later, they made it out. "Where are we going?" Effie questioned, curious as to what Haymitch was planning. "I don't want to tell you." He smirked and carried on driving. "Anyway, you should be quiet." "Rude. I was just asking." "I know you were, sweetheart, but you'll see." "Haymitch, why are you blindfolding me?" Effie squealed, not enjoying the darkness that blotted out the view. "So you don't see where we're going. Now shut up and leave that blindfold alone!" Effie sat in her seat, her arms folded with a particularly disgruntled look on her face. He rounded a sharp corner and she shrieked "Haymitch, be careful!" She righted herself from her fall into the door and huffed. Haymitch laughed at her and said "You're such a girl, sweetheart." "I'm still more of a man than you are." "Ouch. Manners, little Effiekins." Effie growled, a low, dark growl that would have frightened anyone who knew her. It was extremely out of character for the bright, bubbly former escort to growl or insult people. She muttered "You can take your few manners and you can shove them where the sun doesn't shine." "Sweetheart, among the rest of the world, you think that the sun shines out of every shadow of my existence. Now, close your overly-lipsticked mouth and stay quiet until you can be polite." Haymitch's mocking tone was getting unbearable for Effie and she blindly brought her fist down on his leg. There was a loud groaning squeak from Haymitch and the car jerked to a stop. She smirked and said "I feel better now." "I don't! God, woman, what is that fist made of? Diamonds? It's tiny but rock hard!" Haymitch moaned, his voice on a higher pitch than hers. "Gosh, Haymitch, I was right. I am the manly one in this car!" Effie giggled and added "At least I can take a thump in the leg, whether a man, woman or child delivers it!" "I can take that! Just not when I'm not expecting it! God, woman!" "I have a name!" Effie told him, stung. "Yeah, yeah, darling little Effiekins, the sweet, cuddly muffin with the diamond-hard fist. Does that thing sparkle in the sunlight?" "Does yours?" Effie's snappy retort was on her tongue before Haymitch had got his words out. He glared at her. "You, sweetheart, are a monster and I can't believe I can hate you this much. Why I let that boy talk me into bringing you out today..." "Because you don't hate me. You luuuurrrrvvveee me!" Effie giggled, as if she hadn't just practically disabled Haymitch. "Right now, sweetheart, I'm finding it incredibly difficult to love you. You're a nightmare!" "But a nightmare you love!" Her voice had gone all sing-song and he wanted to punch her teeth out. "You love me!" "I don't-" " SAY YOU LOVE ME! " Effie's voice had become a dangerous, loud growl. "Fine! I love you! You happy now, sweetheart?" Haymitch's voice was sarcastic and irritated. "Say it like you mean it!" Effie trilled, her voice still in that annoying sing-song mode. "I said it once, cupcake, don't expect me to lie to you again." Haymitch's voice had become dangerous and Effie knew when to shut up. Now was that time. He began driving again and as he reached the street of their destination, she reluctantly muttered "Fine then. You can confess it later. And you'll have to kiss me." Haymitch slammed on the brakes and yelled "What?" "You heard. Confess it later and you have to kiss me." Haymitch growled, then snapped "I love you, Effie Trinket! Now will you shut up and let me drive before I crash this car and kill us both?" She gulped and whispered "I love you, too, Haymitch. Sorry." He didn't move the car. "What did you just say?" "Sorry." "Before that." He was determined to prove his ears wrong. "I paint doves blue!" Effie blurted in a panic, then covered her mouth with her hands. "You Capitolites are weird and cruel to animals." Haymitch's voice was disbelieving as he drove on. "Hey, I'm not cruel to you!" Haymitch gave a sarcastic laugh and said "The bruise on my leg and my wounded ego beg to differ, sweetheart." "What happened to cupcake?" Effie pouted at the sarcastic use of the word sweetheart. "What does it matter?" Haymitch's retort stung Effie again. "It makes me feel like I'm special." Whatever he was expecting from Effie, it certainly wasn't that. After a split second of silence that felt like an eternity, he gave another sarcastic chuckle and said "You are special." Effie heard the meaning behind his words. He was telling her she was mentally damaged. She was grateful to her blindfold right then, it hid her eyes, which were swimming in tears. She breathed deeply until her eyes had dried, then steadily asked "Where exactly are we going?" "No questions, no lies, sweetheart." There it was, tearing into her again, that patronising endearment that hurt her so much. "Okay." "Alright, sweetheart, blindfold off!" Haymitch's voice brought her back to reality, where she was blind and in the company of someone who hated her. She took the blindfold off. It was a theme park, with rollercoasters that took the riders thirty feet up and looped, gigantic wheel rides that were over one hundred feet tall, jumping rides that went twenty five feet in the air and dropped. Not one of those rides looked like her idea of fun. In the park, she muttered "Haymitch, can we find rides close to the ground?" "None of those, sweetheart. This is an extreme park." He pulled her to the highest rollercoaster there was and faced the attendant to say "Three times. We're big fans of the extreme." "Speak for yourself!" Effie muttered, but the damage was done. She saw four huge loops that would make her want to be sick. She hated rollercoasters. Haymitch pulled her into a cart and the attendant buckled them in. "Enjoy." "We will!" Haymitch exclaimed, excited, then muttered in Effie's ear "Feel free to cuddle up and hide your face if you get scared, sweetheart." She prickled and let her hair