The First Snowfall of the Season It was the Yule after Samwise Gamgee, the Mayor of the Shire, returned from a year's visit to Minas Tirith with his wife and oldest daughter--and youngest son. They had returned north with the King's party, who were to spend a year in Annúminas. For the two weeks surrounding Yule the King's Companions from the Shire came out of their homeland to attend on him and their Queen in the northern capital, staying in the quarters prepared for Hobbits in the south wing of the King's Retreat, Lord Aragorn's personal estate on the edge of the city and the shores of Lake Evendim. The children were excited as they prepared for bed, for it had begun snowing during late supper, and all were eager for the morning to come so that they might go out and play in it, their parents insisting there would be no frolicking in it this night. "But we've had no Yule bonfire!" protested Merry-lad. "And it's far too cold, and the wind too sharp for such a thing," Mother Rosie instructed him. "And here half of you are a-fightin' colds from the ride here and bein' caught out in a rainstorm. It's enough, it is, that we're here and warm, and havin' such a feast as we had with Lord Strider and the Lady Arwen, and seein' the Yule log lit in such splendor as happened. Nay--I'll not be treatin' feet for blistered toes and seein' half of you all not willin' t'rise from your beds in the mornin'. The wind should be blown out by sunrise, and the snow won't be gone when all of us get up." "When you're all ready for bed," Uncle Pippin said, "if you'll come to the main parlor, we'll have some stories and punch before you all go to be tucked in." "Will Fari be there?" "Yes, and Wynnie as well, not to mention your Uncle Merry's brood. They're hurrying so as to try to beat you all to the parlor." Suddenly all of the Gamgee children were hurrying to complete their ablutions and to pull on nightclothes and dressing gowns. Once all were settled near the blazing fireplace and the adults were seated in the comfortable chairs provided, there was a knock at the door. Frodo-lad went to open it. "Uncle Strider! Aunt Arwen!" He bowed neatly, admitting their Lord and Lady into the room, their Queen carrying her younger daughter Idril, who wasn't two yet, in her arms. The two came and settled on low cushions left for them in the midst of the children. "Well, you come in good time," Sam commented. "We was about to start a-tellin' stories, you see." "Ah--then we arrived precisely at the right moment," their King assured them. "There is nothing better for Yule than stories!" "Except for a Yule bonfire," Merry-lad commented in low tones. Aragorn gave him a sympathetic smile. "I'm so sorry, young Merry, but the way the snowstorm is going outside, it would be rather dangerous to light one tonight. However, I suspect that the wind will die down by morning and the clouds clear. We will have a marvelous Second Yule tomorrow--wait and see!" "And what stories do you want tonight?" Sam asked the children. There were several competing suggestions, but it was Elanor's that the rest agreed to. "Tell us what it was like when you were lads in the winter when it snowed, and when Uncle Frodo was with you." Melody Brandybuck crept closer to the Mayor's oldest daughter, and Elanor put her arm around the lass. The three Hobbit fathers were exchanging glances, obviously wondering which tales to tell. Merry told his tale first, of getting lost in the snow and Frodo finding him, taking shelter beneath the roots of a fallen tree, and keeping him warm until morning when at last the storm died down and a search party could get to them. Pippin told a favorite of his Aunt Esmeralda's, of when there had been a terrible snowstorm in late November followed by thawing. A bank had collapsed and thrown Gomez Brandybuck, who'd never really liked Frodo, into the Brandywine while he'd been on flood watch along with Uncle Dinodas and Frodo and a few others. Frodo had saved this cousin and turned him from an enemy to a friend. "I wasn't born yet, but she told it so many times. She was so very proud of him!" Merry was nodding, remembering the incident. "I was six, I think. Both of them were so cold when they got them back to Brandy Hall, and they were taken right to the infirmary. Mum and Dad could hardly pry me away from Frodo's side, I was so worried about him." "I member old Mr. Bilbo tellin' the Gaffer about that, and me but a lad of seven or eight at the time," Sam said. "Missus Esmeralda wasn't the only one what was proud of my Mr. Frodo about that one. I member my dad after tellin' us of how Mr. Frodo's dad and mum had drownded in the river, and about how dangerous rivers can be. Give me a powerful respect for water, let me tell you!" "Is that why you were afraid when you were in the Elven boat coming down the Anduin, Sam-dad?" asked Hamfast. "I suppose so, son. But then, it's just not natural for most Hobbits to mess about with water and boats, you know. That Gomez Brandybuck was powerful lucky as Mr. Frodo wasn't afraid of water like me and knew what he was doin'." "They were luckier that they had others with them who thought fast and could pull them from the water and get them to shelter. Had they stayed in the water much longer they would have died of the cold, probably," Merry pointed out. "It's very dangerous to get cold and wet in the wintertime when there's sleet and wind the way there was that night. Isn't that so, Strider?" "Indeed," Aragorn answered. He'd not heard that tale before, and his estimation of his absent friend rose yet again, not that it wasn't unusually high to begin with. There was a soft knock at the door, and Eldarion peered in, and at his father's nod entered, followed by his older sister Melian, both tiptoeing over to sit on the edge of the group of Hobbit children. Sam looked at the others. "I can't tell tales of him savin' folks like you can," he said. "But I can tell of him as the best snowball thrower in all of Hobbiton." He began smiling at the memory. "He loved it when there was snow, and the very first snow of a year, he'd be out there, makin' snowballs and gettin' ready, first thing as it was light. Now, he wasn't a big one for wakin' up early, you see. My Frodo--he was one for stayin' comfortable and warm, snug in his bed if'n he didn't have aught else as needed doin'. But the first snowfall, he'd be as giddy as any of you lot." He smiled benignly around the group of children, big and small. "It was as if he weren't a great tween, but as young as any of us, once there was that first snow. "There he'd be, his warmest mittens on and a scarf as Missus Eglantine made for him about his neck, just rollin' up snowballs and then lyin' in wait. I never got the drop on him, that first snowfall of the year--never! Always, he'd be waitin' behind the hedge up on the hill, waitin' for any sign as any of us down on the Row was stirrin', and first one outside would get a snowball right on the back of the head! And usually that was me, there at Number Three! One time I set myself to wake up early--had vowed to get him that year, I had; got up about an hour afore sunrise and sneaked up the back way into the garden and was waitin' for him to come out the front door. Only he didn't--came out the back door and saw me a-waitin' for him, and---- "Well, let's just say as Elves aren't any more devious than Mr. Frodo Baggins could be! He slipped up on me and I never dreamed as he was behind me! Got me right square, same as usual, right in the back of the head!" He laughed at the memory. "Yes, he got me, there on the back of the head, same as always, and then slipped away fast as could be, his laughter on the air like silver bells ringin'! Oh, we fought it out then, each of us rollin' up snowballs fast as we could; but I never got him first!" Soon afterwards the children were being shepherded to their beds, all first giving their bows and curtseys to King and Queen, then hugging and kissing them good night. Sam paused for a moment by his mannish friend, watching as Rosie carried Tolman over her shoulder and led little Robin by the hand. "They're a good lot, all of our children," he said. "It's only too bad as the only one as he ever got to hold was our Elanor. I sometimes think as he was lovin' her as much as he did so as she could share all that love with the rest for him." Aragorn nodded, smiling sadly. "Certainly she has love and to spare, and often she reminds me of him, although she's so small while he was tall for a Hobbit." "He would of loved this, you know, Lord Strider. He'd of loved the house here, and the lake and trees and the sight of the city growin' up out of the ruins again. And the snow--he'd of loved the snow especial!" For a moment the Man let his hand lie on the Hobbit's shoulder, until at last Sam looked up to indicate he knew he ought to be helping his wife put the children to bed. Aragorn was left at last alone in the parlor, looking out the great, round glass door onto what could be seen through the thickly swirling snow of the laid stone pavement and the hedges and trees that encircled it, imagining how Frodo might have acted had he visited the place. Well, from what he remembered of his friend, Frodo would have been delighted, and probably would have turned slowly to examine it, burning the image of it into his remarkable memory. It was with that thought shining in his imagination that he turned to blowing out the lights in the room. "I wish you could be here, Frodo Baggins," he murmured as he looked about the large, empty chamber, lit now only by the fire on the hearth, "to share such a beautiful Yule with us." Finally he closed the door behind him as he headed for his own quarters. ******* Ah, Gandalf, Frodo commented to his friend as they approached the great Garden where he dwelt, it was a wonderful celebration. And, back in Middle Earth it's Yule, isn't it? "Yes, Iorhael," Olórin answered him, "it is indeed Yule. In fact, I suspect that Arien is just preparing to sail her bark up over the horizon to shine down on the Shire, heralding Second Yule right about now. Will you spend the night in the summer house?" But Frodo was shaking his head. No--I rather miss Bilbo at the moment. I think I will go to the garden of the White Tree and spend what is left of the night there, there where we buried him. The Hobbit sighed. It is so odd to be here where it is so warm most of the time. Perhaps that's a good part of why I have so much difficulty keeping track of time here, because the weather is so mild throughout the year. I fear I've seen a snowfall on the island only