Second Mum For the Love of a Child "Oh, Primmie--you're all right, and the bairn is all right as well!" "Yes--he's made it this far, and it appears--it appears as if this time he'll make it further, Esme. Come, look!" Primula Brandybuck Baggins carefully relaxed her arms, gently detaching the small being she held from her breast, automatically pulling the loose shoulder of her nightdress up as she revealed the face of her small son to her younger Took cousin. The infant appeared puzzled, pursing his lips and turning his face in search of the milk he'd been enjoying but seconds before. "Nonsense," his mother murmured, brushing one hand over the soft, dark down atop his head, "you can't be that hungry, little one, for you've been nursing most of the morning." She looked up into her friend's eyes. "Bilbo said he'd notify your father and you and Paladin and Lanti, and he'd think about letting Ferumbras and Lalia know as well." "When Olo Proudfoot rode up to the farm this morning just after dawn, I was so worried----" Esmeralda found she couldn't finish the thought. "This time it was worth the worry, for all he came so early," Primula murmured, looking down on her son. "Yes, we lost the first two--but we do have one son who's survived, and who looks to thrive, as much as he eats." She looked back to Esme's face. "Diamente? Primrose?" "They're planning to be here later in the day," Esme smiled. "And we've sent word to Long Cleeve to advise Jade and Morigrin. How about your family?" "Drogo sent a message by Quick Post yesterday morning, shortly after my water broke. I suspect they'll be here early tomorrow. Oh, Menegilda will never forgive me. She had intended to supervise my labor from before it began--was going to see to it everything was done correctly, she was." A soft noise caught their attention; the bairn Cousin Primula held had screwed up his face, having decided not having his mother's breast was a mortal insult, and was working himself into a cry. When it came, however, it wasn't the loud, shrill, insistent shriek common to most newborns, but more of a soft, almost musical note that nevertheless communicated frustration. "My stars--that's how he cries?" The proud mother nodded. "He's a most unusual one, and such a wise child. We're going to name him Frodo, you see." "Drogo has agreed?" "Agreed? He's the one who suggested it. Our wise child--our little star-kissed one." She again pulled down the shoulder of her gown, and a drop of milk could be seen at the tip of her breast as she pressed the infant to it. "And think, Esme, my milk is already in, even if he is so early." "Where's his father?" "Master Gamgee and Daddy Twofoot have dragged him and Bilbo away to the Green Dragon. They've been almost unwilling to let me nurse him at all, the times they've counted his fingers and toes and cooed over the perfect shape of his ears!" Again she looked up to catch the younger Hobbitess's eyes. "Drogo was holding my hands as he was finally born, Esme. At first they couldn't get him to breathe; when he finally did it was such a relief. And I was so very weak, but that first little cough he made, that first little noise--almost like a cat, you see--it was all it took to bring me back!" They could hear Eglantine questioning Mistress Sandybanks, and Drogo's older sister Dora answering for the midwife, and Primula giggled. "Dear Dora has moved in and taken over, she has. She's such a one to see things set straight, you know--has horrified Drogo by already sorting out his most worn undervests and nightshirts and consigning them to the rag bin, and last I heard she was complaining about the state of the flatirons. I suspect that by the time Auntie Laurel and Doncella let me out of bed every curtain in the hole will be laundered, starched, and pressed within an inch of its life, and Drogo will have several new sets of small clothes--not to mention there won't be a loose button in the wardrobes!" Together she and Esme did their best to smother their laughter. By the time Eglantine had managed to get free of Dora and joined them in the bedroom, little Frodo appeared to have finally sated himself and was pulling away at last from his mother. Pal and Lanti were themselves newlyweds, working the farm at Whitwell alongside Adalgrim. "Oh, Primula," Eglantine murmured, accepting the tiny infant from the older Hobbitess, "he's so precious! Paladin and Da Adalgrim have gone off to the Dragon to see to Bilbo and Drogo, and will undoubtedly have a half or two before they drag them back." At that moment the bairn opened his eyes to their fullest and was examining the one who held him, his eyes almost crossed as he did his best to focus them on Lanti's face. "Oh!" she said, "I know the eyes of newborns are usually blue--but this one's are so very blue indeed! Oh, Primula--he's such a beautiful bairn." Esme could bear no more. "No, Lanti--I claim him now. Let me hold him for a moment." And before her brother's wife quite knew what had happened Esme had taken the bairn into her own arms. "Oh, little Frodo-lad," she crooned. "How very, very beautiful you are." When at last Primula insisted her son be returned to her Esme let go of him reluctantly, watching the older Hobbitess lean back with the tiny lad lying between her breasts with marked envy. If only she, too, could know such joy as she saw in the eyes of her cousin. (I) (I) (I) The farm wagon was turning up the lane toward Bag End when the singing of its occupants was interrupted by a great shriek ahead of them. It was as they turned fully into the lane they could see the source of the cry, as a substantial figure in fawn skirts and a yellow bodice came storming down the steps from the smial to the lane, then paused at the picket gate to turn back toward the green door, where Bilbo stood with a very small Hobbit child in his arms. "And if you can't control that horrid little faunt," Lobelia Sackville-Baggins cried at the Master of Bag End, "I'll give his mother an earful she'll not forget soon!" Bilbo's face went from apologetic to dark with fury. "You'd dare, Lobelia, after what Lotho did to Drogo the other day in the market?" Paladin had pulled the wagon up just short of where the Sackville-Baggins's trap stood, alarmed that his wife and sisters might find themselves right in the midst of another battle between the S-Bs and Bilbo enacted right in the public lane. Esmeralda, however, found herself examining Lobelia closely, and noted red smudges on the neat skirts, and what was plainly a small red handprint on Lobelia's bodice there on the outside of her left breast. A quick look upwards at the hands of the tiny lad Bilbo cradled close to his chest confirmed that Frodo had been paddling in Bilbo's ink again, with predictable results. "I won't hear a word against my son!" Lobelia shrilled, shaking her umbrella at him. "Not that he's a spoiled brat who thinks nothing of hurling pony droppings at innocent passersby, or demanding sweets from all and sundry and spattering them with mud when they tell him they have none?" Bilbo said in a dangerous voice, his face fixed in the Look. "Frodo's primary offense was against me, pouring out my red ink and leaving handprints all over the hole. You have no right whatsoever to try to correct my young cousin and guest within my home as you did, and deserve what you got. And if you think to bother Primula about it when the ink wouldn't have been where Frodo could get at it if you hadn't been in my study without my permission examining my silver inkstand for its maker's marks, you'll find out just what getting an earful entails. Good day to you, Lobelia!" With one last wordless imprecation, Lobelia slammed the gate so hard it bounced open again and stalked away to the waiting trap, starting to slap the reins at her pony before she'd remembered to release the brake. So it was with a jerk Lobelia pulled away from the steps and disappeared down the further lane to the turning back toward the larger way into Hobbiton. Esme followed Eglantine and Primrose up the steps, their arms laden with luggage, noting with satisfaction that Frodo's face, upset a moment before as he'd watched a very loud Lobelia Sackville-Baggins storm out of the smial, now lit up to see her. "Smee!" he called out. "Smee!" "No," warned Bilbo, "you'd best not let him touch you before I get him cleaned up. You saw what he did to Lobelia's new dress? Come in and be welcome with you all--the female cousins I rejoice to have visit in the hole! Come in! Come in! Oh, and mind the pool of red ink there outside the study door--I'm not certain how I'll get the stains of it out of the edge of the carpet there. The acquisitive busy-body! Now, if you'll pardon me, I'll need to get this one to the bathing room. Esme, my love, would you mind seeing to the pool while I get this one cleaned and changed before his mother comes back to claim him? There are rags in the bin behind the kitchen door. There's the lass, then." Esmeralda Took was laughing as she went to fetch the rags, watching a protective Bilbo hurrying off to get Frodo bathed, noting there was a neat red handprint on the shoulder of Bilbo's golden waistcoat as Frodo strained to smile at her as he was carried away down the passage. (I) (I) (I) Primula opened the door to Number Five part way, peering out to ascertain who was knocking at it before opening it fully. "Oh, Esme, dear lass--it's so good to see you. Come in, sweetling!" As she passed her older cousin to enter the smial, Esmeralda asked, "Is Lobelia bothering you again?" Closing the door behind them, Primula nodded, her expression looking tired for the moment as she reached to take Esmeralda's wraps and hang them on the hooks by the door. "Oh, don't you know it. She went up the Hill to Bag End the other day and was trying to sweet-talk poor Bilbo; but when he explained that Aramos Millpond and his wife Bachelorbutton were due any second along with the Mayor and Will Whitfoot and cousin Mina from Michel Delving, I thought she would burst all the braces on her girdle at being thrown out before she could have the chance to see the gift the Dwarves left him when they visited him last week. It's very beautiful, the silver fountain is, and made to sit right on a hall table. "So she came down here, and when I had to excuse myself to go out and finish hanging out the laundry on the hedge she amused herself by going through my silver spoons. One was missing, and so I made a point of knocking over her umbrella where it leaned against her chair and, of course, the missing spoon fell right out of it. Then there was that miserable child of hers, demanding to play with Frodo's farm animals, and I'll swear he got away with two sheep and Frodo's favorite dog figure that his father carved for him. Of course Drogo can carve another, but that's neither here nor there. Like mother, like son, apparently." There were sheets of paper pinned up on the walls all down the passageway to the guest rooms, each with a picture on it. Esme looked down at one of them, then up at