Written for Armariel as part of the LOTR Community Remix challenge. Beta by RiverOtter, and thanks also to Fiondil for aid in suggesting possible names by which Anemone might have been known. To read the original on which this story is based, read it here: http colon slash slash www dot slash chapterview dot asp question-mark sid equals 3957 and-sign cid equals 15353 "Anemone" pt. 1, Dolphins – Armariel Flower of the Wave Bryseluthea! My Falmalótë! The she-creature paused in her swim through the depths of the ocean, turning in search of the one who called upon her. My Lord—what is it you would have of me? Ulmo took shape before her, and she bowed respectfully in response. He, in turn, smiled down upon her. There is one I would have you meet, child, if it pleases you to do so. She stiffened. Once she had taken to herself a mate, and by him had given birth to many children. But he had listened to the reasoning of the Dark One and his fellows and had fallen into evil. He had begun to treat her and their children with disdain, and sought to lead several of their progeny into war against the rest of the world. Her Greenjade had taken upon himself the name of Darkfin, and with his father's encouragement now sought out his brothers and sisters to suborn or to kill them. Father and son and those who had joined with them often harassed those who sailed upon the face of the Sea, setting Darkfin's mate upon a rock in the shape of one of the Two-legs to sing to draw unwitting ships into dangerous waters, then driving the craft upon shoals so as to sink them and drown those sailing them. Some of their victims they would drag upon exposed rocks to torture them, or to leave them there exposed but with no food or water to die cruelly. And why, she asked slowly and carefully, would I wish to meet yet another, particularly considering how badly my last mating went? Lord Ulmo's expression was filled with sympathy. I grieve for that. Our brother's influence is still felt here within the sea, and perhaps the most strongly as he sought so hard here to suborn the very Music Itself, and the dark themes are still to be heard here within the Music as It is nowhere else. No, he continued, it is quite a different one I would have you meet at this time, one all of us have good reason to favor. Yes, it is a male of his people, and he is a two-legs, although not of a sort such as you might have seen for many, many years. Only one other of his people has sailed upon the seas in living memory, but never did he sail in the waters where you have ranged. The people to whom he belongs live far inland, preferring to live when possible in homes delved into the surface of the earth itself, carved into the chalk or between the roots of great trees. Few of their sort come to trust water enough to venture forth upon it, much less to swim within it. But this one is unusual in many ways, and he has been sorely tried. He requires peace and healing in the wake of performing a great service against the Dark One's servant, and so has been granted the right to sail to the true West. There he will dwell upon Tol Eressëa for such time he might know ere he must accept the Gift of the One to leave the Circles of Arda. She was intrigued. He is a mortal? Even so, Bryseluthea . A mortal is to be allowed to come to the lands so long forbidden them? How, then, will he be able to survive there, exposed to the rare airs of the place? There is a reason, child, why he will dwell upon the Lonely Isle rather than upon the mainland—he and his kinsman who travels with him, and the others who may one day follow their path. Yea—four mortals have been granted this right, and with good reason. For, lo—they traveled in company with great evil and fought it with steadfast will and courage. This one I would have you meet, however—he was forced to bear the focus of that evil upon his person, and to know Its constant company and influence, and at the last was taken by It ere Ilúvatar's mercy was granted him. Deeply did the Ring scar him, leaving his spirit itself scoured of joy. I would have him find a good portion of the hope It stole from him. And how might I, being what I am, help to restore his hope? You have the ability to love steadfastly, unlike so many of your own people. You have also a particularly strong affinity for the Light and the Song, and even an appreciation for the Breath beyond the ken of your sort in ordinary circumstances. Many mariners have you seen returned to the dry land when they ought to have died in the waves, recognizing that there were those who would suffer unduly were they to lose them untimely to death. We would reward this in you, even as we would wish to see this one healed and hope fully restored to him once more. Long did he suffer in the reckoning of his kind, and great was the agony inflicted upon him, body and spirit. But how could I, being an immortal as I am, help to restore his hope? Would you see me mate with him? Would you then see me bereft when his time came to step beyond the Circles of this world? Already I have had to give over a mating that went badly. It is the depth of that grief within you we would honor at this time, Bryseluthea. Unlike the others of your kind, you have our own constancy within you, a desire to be true to one mate and to know that one to the depths of his being. Yet he who was your mate chose to cleave to the Darkness, and in the end you recognized that you couldn't hold to him and remain true to your own nature, for you would not allow yourself to become so debased. So it has been with this one. In the end he could not withstand the full power of that which he bore, and so It took him. He now questions his own purity of spirit and his right to know the love he receives. He needs reassurance that he is worthy of Love, and we hope that if you find yourself able to give him your own devotion he will be relieved of that doubt. But what of the time he must leave me, and the pain I must know, knowing that I cannot follow him? There was a moment that the communication ceased, and she felt him weighing her being before he finally responded: And what if it were granted to you to follow him? What? Think, child. What if it were granted to you to be able to follow him? What if you were given the right to leave the Circles of the World even as he must, to leave behind the husk of your hröa that your fëa also might go to whatever place Eru has prepared for those who are mortal? I would not mislead you—it is not easy to live as a mortal, and the moment when hröa and fëa are sundered can be unbearably painful. And if you come to the point where you would cleave to him as you have shown yourself capable of doing and as he deserves, at that point you would be bound to one hröa until the time you, too, step beyond the Circles of Arda. And I strongly suspect that you will remain within Arda past his death. It was much to think on. To learn to so honor a mere mortal she would be willing to give over so much of her nature so as to take his upon herself? Here her thoughts were interrupted as her Lord sought to impress upon her, There is no mere to be considered. Do not think that Eru loves mortals less than He does those who are considered immortal. Humbled by the chiding, she asked, And how am I to come to even see, much less to know, him? Come, and I will lead you to the ship on which he voyages. So saying, he led her to the place where the ships from Ennor entered the waters surrounding Aman. As they neared the end of the Straight Path, she felt the anger of those of her people who followed her former mate and her son, Darkfin. Their song was bitter and disturbed, singing against those who trespassed upon what they believed were exclusively their waters. But other songs she could hear as well, offered in defiance to the dark ones. A pod of great whales sounded with surprising grace, considering their ponderous size, greeting the Lord of Waters solemnly. Their greeting was picked up by a large pod of dolphins that sported upon the surface, surrounding what she first took to be yet another whale, slender and swift. A second look, however, showed that this was no living creature, but instead a great ship sailing steadily westward. As she approached the surface she saw that its upraised prow was shaped in the likeness of a swan. Bryseluthea shifted into the shape of the dolphins that played about the ship, and joined the pod, feeling the slide of the water over smooth skin and her flukes, leaping upwards into the cool air and falling back onto the water on her side with a satisfying smack. Before the wave closed over her she saw the face of one of the two-legs watching after her with envy. This one's face was slender and pale, and she could tell that it was only just recovering from a deep and abiding pain. She surfaced once more, and its eyes caught hers. Gracefully she leapt up and dove into the oncoming wave, while the two-legs leaned harder upon the rail of the ship, watching after her. She circled about, again leaping high above the waves and curving to reenter the water with but the slightest of splashes. Again its eyes followed after her, and she saw that they were the color of the sky as evening falls, bright with intelligence, and again shadowed by a pain or grief that had not fully departed. This was no Elf, she realized, having seen enough of those upon their ships and in her few visits to the dry land—not to mention those who stood elsewhere upon the deck of this ship. She could hear the Song of him, and there was little of the Sea within it. She heard in it wind in trees and rain upon green growing things, the sleepy reassurance of solid stone and peaceful earth, and water that ran contained through the land rather than dancing freely under the stars of Varda. When next she surfaced, there was purposeful activity upon the ship, with the sailors running here and there, the sails drawn in and a sea anchor thrown off the stern to slow its movements. A second of the two-leg's kind stood by him, shorter and rounder—and much older, she realized. There was a resemblance between the two of them, although its eyes were pale from staring into the distant sky for many sun-rounds and the hair of it white as sea froth, its skin ruddier and more wrinkled than that of its taller, more slender companion. The smaller one was arguing with the taller one, but there was an expression of stubborn purpose to the one who'd first drawn her attention, and it was pulling at the cloth that landsmen appeared