A warning, this is not a bright, happy story-anything but. I've indicated that this is a crossover-of sorts. Inspired by a real-life murder case that keeps unwinding and has been doing so since May of 1993, I have taken many of the circumstances involved in the West Memphis Three case and have set them in Middle Earth. The story starts with a murder and will go on from there. There are hints of sexual perversion, child abuse, spousal battering, incest, discussions of what happens to bodies after death, descriptions of animals scavenging on bodies found in wild places, and other unsavory doings, as well as corruption in local governments and the courts. I have tried my best not to be so graphic as to be offensive, but it is best to be forewarned. Although this story is based in great part on actual events and many details from the real murders are contained within it, it still remains a work of fiction, and the characters are not intended to be accurate depictions of their real-world counterparts. Indeed, they are in fact original characters with many of the same attributes as the real people involved, going through similar circumstances, but still very different in most ways. If I do manage to insult those who may be drawn to see themselves in this work of fiction, I do apologize in advance. But following this drama has managed to consume a good deal of my time and energy for twelve or thirteen years now, and I wished to explore how sometimes the justice system appears to fail spectacularly. If only we had a Berevrion in the real world to set things right anywhere as effectively. (I) (I) (I) Beta by Fiondil. Murder Most Foul Prelude - Evil at Day's End Two days before Midsummer, 3018, Steward's Reckoning, a mark before sunset He'd been sleeping in a roofless byre not far from the northern road from the borders of Rohan through Anórien. He awoke to hear three small boys approaching, leading two ponies toward his hiding place. They must have come from the nearest village, which was about two miles to the west. Once there had been a farmstead here, but it had to have been abandoned at least ten years ago, he'd judged by what ruins were left. The houseplace had been burned down, and most of what stonework had gone into it had apparently been carried away to use in building structures elsewhere. Indeed, he rather suspected that the stone walls about the village to the west had probably contained most of the stone salvaged from here. He glanced through a chink in the stones at the back of the byre toward his horse, hidden behind a line of low berry bushes on the edge of the stand of trees that had served as the farm's woodlot, then turned to examine the situation. He could not risk word of his presence in Gondor reaching the ears of anyone likely to send troops to investigate. He saw no sign of any adults about. It was late for boys of this age to be out on their own, for the evening meal would be placed on the tables of most homes in the region within the next mark, he knew. It was probable, then, that their parents had no idea where they were, and most likely were ignorant of the fact their sons had left the village. He raised himself slowly, until he could peer at the boys through a crack in the ruined gate to the stall in which he lay. "You are certain you won't be afraid, here alone, Nedron?" asked the child with the darkest hair. "Better here than back there with him ," declared the one with the broadest chest. "Thank you for bringing me out. I'll sleep here tonight, and tomorrow I'll head for the White City and seek my fortune." "How long do you think it will take?" asked the third child, one with a purple birthmark on the back of his neck. The broad-chested one shrugged. "Perhaps a week," he said, "since I must walk." The dark-headed boy shook his head. "That's not going to be enough food, then-three apples, a loaf of bread, that much cheese, and that sack of dried meat. When my ada and me went to visit my daeradar's farm it was a day's ride, and we ate that much along the way." "There's only one of me," the runaway explained. "I won't eat as much as two of you, and I know how to tickle fish, and have a strike-a-light with me." "You don't think he'll look for you, do you?" "Him? Not likely—not till Nana's ready to come home from the alehouse. He doesn't care what I do when she's not home." The bitterness was plain to hear. Just then the watcher's horse snorted, and the boys looked about in startlement. "I heard a horse—a big horse!" said the boy with the dark hair. "Maybe he's looking for you anyway!" "But we don't have a horse!" the runaway said. The one with the birthmark looked around. "Maybe it's spies!" he whispered. "Spies for—for the Enemy!" Not good—certainly it was the truth! He'd have to dispose of them, then—no good letting them return to the village with word that some stranger was hiding out on the abandoned farmstead east along the road. From what they'd said, no one would think to look for them for some time. He ought to be able to dispose of them easily enough. He should have time to do things right. None of them saw as he rose silently to his feet, lifting a stone from the floor. A strike or two to the back of each head ought to do nicely with a minimum of sign as to what had happened to them. Those two had their backs to him, after all. And the plan worked-he was able to immediately knock the one with the broadest chest senseless, and the other two stood, frozen in shock as the child fell. He took advantage of the others' immobility to treat the second boy as he had the first, but the taller one with the dark hair fled—or at least he tried to flee. The spy had him before he got more than three steps outside of the byre. He grabbed hold of the boy's wrist and dragged him back inside the structure, placing his hand over the boy's mouth to keep him from shouting out, pulling the child close to his chest. But the boy bit him, and he reflexively struck the child with the back of his hand, slapping the boy violently against the ruinous wall. There was a sickening crack, and the boy crumpled to the ground. The Master would not have approved of the word he uttered. This one would not waken from his encounter with the wall, so he'd best finish off the other two swiftly as well. Two more strikes to the heads of the other boys, and after checking to see that no one else was in the area, he turned the children face up to examine them. Yes, one was already gone, and the others would breathe their last fairly soon. No, none of them would tell of seeing a Man of mixed breeding with the White Hand of Saruman on his breast sleeping in the ruined byre, sending soldiers after him to ascertain his business. Now—to find a way to dispose of the bodies so that they would not be found particularly swiftly—the longer the local people searched for their sons, the further along his road he would be before anyone was likely to search for strangers. He was to meet his contact from Mordor two evenings from now, and he still had a long way to go to reach the banks of the Anduin. Best not to leave them here—it would be obvious they were killed by a passerby, and most likely a spy; trackers would be dispatched immediately, he knew. But he'd crossed a bridge not that far away that led over a drainage canal—it might take days to find them if he were to hide their bodies there. He would possibly be heading northwest through Fangorn Forest back toward Isengard again before the boys were found. He went out and brought the ponies into the byre where they would be out of sight of anyone passing on the road—just in time, as it proved. He placed his hand over the muzzle of the smaller beast, which was proving skittish at the scent of blood, just as voices could be heard approaching from the east. "Come on, Garestil!" someone called. "Keep up, won't you?" "Don't be so impatient. He is smaller than we are, and must take three steps to our two," another admonished in lower tones. "I'm coming! You could wait for me!" said a higher, younger sounding voice. "We are waiting," the second assured him. As the smaller youth came up even with the taller three who walked together, he added, "And the potter had a good deal of praise for you. You did well today!" The youth Garestil puffed out his thin chest. "I did do well, didn't I?" He who'd not spoken before answered him, "Yes, you did. And I've finally mastered juggling four balls! Perhaps soon he will allow me to try knives!" "You'll only manage to cut off your foot," the first to speak grunted. "And some tumbler you will make with one foot!" He went down on his knees, going forward. "Behold, the mighty one-footed tumbler, juggling balls and plates for your entertainment!" he proclaimed in a loud voice, and the others laughed good-naturedly, the youth Garestil's laughter starting after that of the others as if assuring himself that it was indeed time to express his appreciation of the humor. "Well, we must hurry. Even now the gates will be closed, and we will need to convince Hanalgor to open to admit us," cautioned number two, leading the way forward more rapidly. The half-breed peered after the four youths as they disappeared down the Highway, undoubtedly on their way to the village he'd passed on his way eastward. He would have to wait for a time lest others still traveled the road, he realized, so he sat down for a time to resume his rest, listening for any further traffic. A few wagons and horses passed him a time after the youths, and then all went quiet. Finally, three marks before dawn with no one else passing on the road, he decided it was safe to remove the bodies elsewhere. He stripped the small corpses and bound them with the laces from their boots, one end of a lace to a wrist and the other to the corresponding ankle to make it easier to carry the bodies out of the byre. He would loop the bindings to the pommels of the saddles on the backs of their own two ponies to carry them to where they might be better hidden. It took some time to calm the ponies so he could load them properly, and he hung two bodies wrapped in their cloaks over the larger of the two of the animals, and the heaviest body from the saddle of the smaller, younger pony along with the children's clothing, which he'd bundled inside the largest of their cottes. At last he mounted his own horse and led the ponies back toward the village, following a disused and rutted track, looking for signs of the canal. He was most grateful for the light of the full moon, as that aided him in the going. He crossed a field that had not been worked for some seasons, and saw another tumbledown houseplace against the horizon. At last he saw there was a thick line of trees and vegetation ahead, and beyond it another farmstead-an active one this time. But lines of trees