Trials and Tribulation I Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. The slow swing of the pendulum on the large wall clock in the office was the only noise inflicting itself on the lone Hobbit now sitting at the Mayor's desk just inside the door to the large room, reviewing the last will and testament of Milpo Burrows. Tick. Tock. Tick. Then the clock gave a soft grind and whir, then creakily it began striking the hour, not with a nice clear tone as once it displayed but with a decided clunk to each sounding of the chime. TONK! TONK! TONK! TONK! Whirr. Grind. Click. Tick. Tock. Tick. Frodo continued reading, glad at the moment that old Ferdinand's birthday had drawn his Took aides away from Michel Delving, back to the Great Smial for the rest of the day. It was nice at times just to be alone, and Milpo's will, which he'd obviously written himself, was a wonder. So far the old Hobbit had left seven half-shares of his property to this one and that, and had left the bulk of what allegedly would be left over separately to his son, his younger brother, and his granddaughter. How they were to sort it out was anyone's guess. He reached for a piece of paper from the stack to the right, set it in front of him; then pulled over the inkstand and uncapped the bottle of black ink, preparing to put down the list of bequests and intended recipients so as to prioritize who appeared to be intended to receive how much. It was at that point that he heard voices approaching the Council Hole out on the village square, and sighed. Apparently the peace of the afternoon was not to continue. The voices were coming closer and were entering the Council Hole. "You have the lass, Barti? Good enough, then. Oh, no, you don't, Greencap my lad--you put that picture right back as where you found it. I've my eye on you." Greencap? Not Greencap Broadloam! Frodo gave a distinct groan. There simply couldn't be as improperly named a family in the Shire as the Broadloams--certainly the one who had first taken the name had indulged in wishful thinking to the point of criminality. No Broadloam in the history of the Shire had managed to own much more than the half-acre or so outside of Whitfurrow in the East Farthing that supported the family hole and its meager kitchen garden--and the collection of "useful items" that appeared to be the hallmark of the family. Even Lotho's Big Men must have stood in awe of the sheds which dotted the property, for they were constructed of a variety of materials to beggar the imagination. The "useful items" filled each shed and lay in heaps between--buckets with holes to be mended; the staves of ale casks shrunk from having been allowed to dry completely with the iron bands lying stacked carelessly nearby; rusted dippers and dented pans; lamps with shades broken or missing; oil pots; chipped stone water jars... "Watch your step there, lad. No, Greencap, you put that back right now!" Then he could hear Greencap's own obsequious whining: "Och, ye can't be begrudgin' me the try, Master. A Hobbit's got to do a livin' for his own family, ye know." "But not at the expense of the entire Shire, Greencap. Now, put the other one back as well." Hardly anyone remembered that Greencap's rightfully given name was Guido. He'd earned his title for the soft green cap he'd been given by his gammer on his mum's side when small that he'd worn all these years, a cap which remained cheerfully green in spite of all the handling and wear it had endured since it came into its master's possession. As a lad living in Whitfurrow with his parents Frodo had been fascinated by both the cap and the older lad who'd worn it; now it appeared that Guido Broadloam had somehow earned the concern of the Shiriffs and was being brought into Michel Delving for the deputy Mayor's evaluation. What had he taken this time? Or had he again been bottling water from the spring at the back of the property and trying to sell it as a sovereign remedy for the ills that might plague his neighbors or (more likely) those who traveled the West Road to and from the center of the Shire who didn't yet know just what a fraud the wiry Hobbit was? Or was he painting chain links gold once more and trying to convince lads they were fully gold, selling them for a Shire penny apiece? The door opened, and four Shiriffs entered, escorting Greencap and his wife and two sons into the office, followed by a fifth gently carrying a small lass in his arms. Greencap removed his hat and gave a series of bobs and twists that for him passed for bows of respect. "Master Baggins," he began, "ye can't think as I'd ever do as what they says..." "Oh, be quiet!" Robin Smallburrow said, obviously annoyed. "Mr. Frodo, sir," he explained, "we found the Broadloams comin' here to Michel Delving, bringin' with them their lads and their daughter Tribulation here. Course, Greencap's been scavengin' all along the way, includin' a lot as was never intended to be set aside. We had to ease 'im of a good deal as ought not to of been on his person, you know." "I see, Robin." Frodo looked at Greencap, his wife Quince, his sons Tito and Torto, and the small lass Bartimo Tunnely carried. He'd not been aware that Greencap and Quince even had a daughter. He couldn't see the girl's face, for she kept it pressed to Bartimo's vest. He looked at the child's parents. "You named her Tribulation?" he asked. "It's not precisely a common name for any child. Why did you name her that?" It was Quince who answered him. "It was 'cause of a story you told at the Free Fair the year afore she was born, Master Frodo, sir," she said. "You was tellin' o' the trials and tribulations facin' Turin and Nienor, and you said as tribulation meant troubles faced and overcome. I liked the word, I did, sir. It's a strong word, a beautiful word. And when my little lass was born and I looked into her face, I knew as this was one trouble as we was goin' to overcome, sir." Frodo looked from her to the back of the child's head and then to Bartimo's face in question. Bartimo gave a slight shrug, and then gently set the lass on her feet there by the door, then turned her toward the deputy Mayor. As he looked into her face, far rounder than the faces of Hobbits usually were, her eyelids with an odd fold to them, her eyes opened wide with an expression of constant surprise to them, Frodo realized this child was moon-touched. He'd seen moon-touched children before. Among his Took relatives there was a daughter who was moon-touched as this child was; and in Minas Tirith he'd seen a boy born to a couple in the Fifth Circle who was the same. They tended to be smaller than other children their own age; had soft bodies; had an odd set to their fingers, which tended to be exceptionally stubby; had tongues which were abnormally large and almost swollen looking; and their minds tended to be simple, he knew. Other than that he knew little of them, save that they tended to look much the same whether they were born to Hobbits or Men. He saw no sign of fear in the lass's eyes as she looked at him with that expression of surprise in her eyes. "Hello, Tribulation," he said gently. "I'm glad to meet you." The child's face broke into a smile. "'Lo," she said. "Your parents were bringing you here to Michel Delving?" he asked. She nodded her head. "Why?" She answered, but he didn't understand what it was she said. Quince explained, "She saw you fortnight ago, Master Frodo, when you and the others was marchin' the Shiriffs along the road from there by the Bridge toward Hobbiton. Tribbals saw as how serious you looked, and she said you was sad and needed cheerin' up, she did, and she's been after us to bring her here so as she could do that. Now, she don't get her mind fixed on a thing often, but when she does, it's best to just give way, as she can't think o' nothin' else till it's done, you see." Frodo looked from mother to daughter, then at last stood and approached the lass and knelt down to look into her eyes. "You thought I looked sad?" he asked her. "Yeh," she said, nodding to make certain her meaning was clear. "And you wanted to cheer me up?" "Yeh," she said again. "And how will you cheer me up?" he asked. "Here," she said, holding out her arms, and she gave him as strong a hug as she could. "You fee' better?" she asked. Frodo was touched. "Yes, Tribbals," he said. "Is it all right for me to call you Tribbals?" She smiled. "Yeh," she answered. Then she added, "I come 'gain, hug you when you need it." She spoke very slowly and carefully, doing her best to make her words clear. He smiled. "Then I'll look forward to it." He caressed her lank hair. "I'll be glad to see you any time you wish to come to the Council Hole. Now, if you'll go out to the banquet hall with Bartimo, I need to talk with your da. Is that all right?" She nodded, and reached up to take Bartimo's hand. Once she was gone and Bartimo had closed the door behind them, Frodo turned his attention back to her parents. Quince had been born a Gravelly from near the western marches; she and Greencap had met at the Free Fair in Michel Delving. Her parents had, of course, tried to discourage her interest in Guido Broadloam, but she was a willful lass and of age, and he was the first lad to ever pay her much mind. She left home and moved to Whitfurrow; within months the two of them were married and she found herself living in the rather ragged Broadloam smial. How such an orderly one as a Gravelly born and bred could find comfort as a Broadloam no one could say. Yet it appeared Quince had managed to do so. "So," Frodo said to Greencap. "You've been scavenging along the way, have you?" "As I said, sir, a Hobbit's got to look after his family. And if it's just a'lyin' there, how'm I to know as it belongs t'someone?" Robin Smallburrow snorted. "Perhaps the fact as it was a'lyin inside the fence of a smial ought to of give you a clue, or the fact as it was sittin' on a table in the entranceway. Or," he added, "that it was a'lyin' on the Mayor's desk. Put the quill and inkstand back, Greencap." Frodo gave a quick, surprised look at the desk he'd quitted and added, "And the penwipe, if you please." He returned to his seat and watched as Guido returned the named items, each one from a different pocket about his person. Then, as Frodo kept him fixed with a stare he finally returned the blotter as well. Finally assured the items on the desktop were as they'd been, Frodo turned his attention to Robin. "It 'pears as he's been teachin' the lads to scavenge also, Mr. Baggins, sir," Robin said. All turned their attention to Tito and Torto, both of whom stopped, flushing and yet doing their best to look innocent as Tito sought to pocket the paperweight taken from the table and passed to him by his brother. Automatically Robin reached out and clapped his hand on Greencap's wrist as his hand shot out to try to