Reconciliation 1: Crickhollow Abandoned "Do you think Pippin will refuse to go with us?" Paladin Took asked his companion as they rode the way between Brandy Hall and Crickhollow. "I mean, he'd be fully justified if he didn't speak to me ever again after the way I treated him." "Pippin doesn't hold grudges," Saradoc Brandybuck assured him. "Not his nature. No," he continued, straightening some in his saddle, "once he realizes you are indeed sorry for what you said last time you saw him and are willing to believe him now, he'll forgive you. And I think the willingness to meet with Lord Halladan will prove your intent." Pal nodded, but couldn't give over the worry. It wasn't three weeks since Pippin's last visit home to the Great Smial, followed by his hasty departure two nights later after one of his nightmares woke up all along the corridor off which the Thain's family's quarters opened. Paladin Took had overreacted to Pippin's cries of distress, and had called his son a coward, immature, and irresponsible. Just the memory of his words that night made the Thain burn with shame. Sara and Esme had been trying to reassure him repeatedly, in one fashion or another, since the last dinner with Frodo--which was another concern. It had been plain to all four of them--Paladin and Eglantine, Saradoc and Esmeralda--that Frodo had little time left to him. This was a matter of great grief for all of them, for all four of them had always loved Frodo Baggins since the time he was born. How could they not, first for Primula's and Drogo's sakes, and then for his own, maddening Baggins that he was? "He said he was spending his birthday with Bilbo, didn't he?" Sara asked. Well, it was obvious Sara's thoughts mirrored Pal's own. "Yes, he did." "But I thought this Rivendell was weeks away from the Shire, even riding." Paladin straightened, for he'd not thought of that when Frodo had indicated this was how he'd intended to spend their mutual birthday. "How long did the lads say it took them to ride back to Bree from there?" he asked. "Almost three weeks," Sara said thoughtfully. "Merry commented once it had taken them almost the same length of time riding as it had walking if not longer, if I remember correctly. Said that Gandalf refused to ride quickly, and that they'd usually camp fairly early and stop for fairly long periods for meals along the way, unlike the trip there." "Almost as if Gandalf didn't want to part with them," Pal commented. "I can't imagine why it would have taken longer on ponies than on their feet. I mean, when they were going to Rivendell, didn't they say Frodo was seriously ill and couldn't walk a good deal of it--that he was riding the pack pony while the rest of them were walking?" Pal could now see the thoughts turning behind his brother-in-law's eyes. "I'd not thought of that," Sara said slowly. Then he laughed. "Seems the old Wizard was reluctant to part with them indeed, and probably especially Frodo." His face sobered. "I wonder if Gandalf realized how quickly Frodo would--would begin fading?" The Thain shrugged, his own heart twisting in his breast at the grief he felt for his younger cousin. "Who knows with Wizards?" he responded. For a time they rode in silence before he said, "I wonder how old Gandalf is? I mean, he was friends with Grandfather for much of his life, after all." The stories old Gerontius had told of his adventures with Gandalf were legion, from the first time they'd met while a number of Tooks were trying to wrestle a wagon out of the the flood at the Sarn Ford. His description of the Wizard on that day had certainly matched how Gandalf had looked at Bilbo and Frodo's last joint birthday party-- the Party. Sara slowly was shaking his head. "I have no idea. I mean, he's not appeared to change in all the times I ever saw him--not that I've seen him anywhere nearly as often as Bilbo and Frodo did." "Well, if Frodo was to be with Bilbo on their birthday, then they must have brought Bilbo back here. He'd be what--a hundred thirty-one now?" Master and Thain looked at one another thoughtfully. Finally Sara suggested, "Do you think that they'd bring Bilbo here to be by Frodo when he--when he goes?" Paladin grunted, "Or maybe they were just bringing Bilbo here so Frodo could be by him at the end. I mean--a hundred thirty-one? He must be inches from dying himself by now. He's ancient!" "Well, from what little Merry said on the subject it was obvious Bilbo was quite fragile when they were with him in Rivendell. Said he couldn't keep awake for long at all, and his thoughts seemed to be wandering. Said Bilbo indicated he was giving Frodo that sword of his, forgetting he'd already done so." "I wonder," Pal said, the pain obvious in his voice, "if we'll be facing--facing a double funeral. I doubt either would long survive the other at this point--Bilbo for age, Frodo for--for how weak he himself is." "I know," Sara said, his own voice taut with grief. "I know Bilbo's been gone from the Shire for so long it's been easy not to think of him at all; yet the idea the old Hobbit himself is dying just tears at me. Especially since--since Frodo----" Especially since Frodo is dying, too, Paladin Took finished the thought in his mind, knowing Saradoc Brandybuck was doing the same. They rode in silence for a time, finally turned toward Crickhollow and the Hedge beyond it. Finally the Brandybuck broke the quiet. "I wonder if we should forego meeting with Lord Halladan right now, Pal. Maybe we ought to just bring the lads back to the Hall, collect Esme and Lanti, and head for Hobbiton now. If we hurry we could be there tomorrow evening. I don't want--don't want----" Again he couldn't finish, and Paladin could see his sister's husband was openly weeping. "You don't want him to die alone?" Pal asked gently. At Sara's wordless nod, Pal turned his eyes back to the track they followed, not really seeing it. "Merry and Pippin--they'll want to say goodbye, too, I know." "He'll hate it, though," Sara managed. "Hates saying goodbye. Hates leavetakings. Will want to just slip away alone." "Again," Pal said, surprised at the amount of bitterness he felt. "He'll want--want the dinner to have been our goodbye." Paladin took a deep breath, then gave a nod. They were quiet again for the rest of the ride. Both felt relief when they spotted the hedges which surrounded the house where their sons lived. Merry had suggested selling it to Frodo when he indicated he was leaving Hobbiton and retiring to Buckland because of the privacy it afforded. The high hedges surrounding the property hid a small meadow and spring-fed pond as well as the house, its grounds, and the byre and paddock for the ponies. A small creek ran from the pond below the hedge on the Western side off to the Brandywine. It was a self-contained world there, once the gate was shut... But the gate wasn't shut--was hanging open, in fact. The two fathers looked at one another in alarm, then turned to hurry their ponies through it into the property. There was about the house a blankness both found ominous. No smoke rose from the chimney; no twitch could be seen at the curtains, which were closed. Paladin was even more alarmed, for Pippin hated having curtains drawn in the daytime, he knew. The door was properly shut, and Paladin tried to think where it was Pippin had said they hid the extra key in case it should be locked. Sara slipped off his pony and tied it to a rail on the paddock fence and hurried to the door, and Pal scrambled to follow suit. Sara was trying the knob as Paladin joined him on the stoop, noting the place where woodwork had been obviously replaced on the jamb, there near where the lock would be. The door swung inward, and the two Hobbits squeezed inside. The house was utterly silent. The grey-green cloaks they'd all four worn back from their journey weren't hanging on the pegs in the entranceway, nor were their swords hanging there or lying on the bench where Pippin seemed to prefer leaving his. Saradoc looked at the empty rail at the end of the wall. "They've taken their saddlebags," he said. Paladin led the way to the kitchen. Someone had begun slicing a loaf of bread and already had sliced cheese; both bread and cheese had been abandoned on the work table and were hard as granite, while the butter crock lay open to the air. Sara picked up the kettle and examined the firebox for the stove. "Fire burnt out days ago," he said, "and the kettle boiled dry." The tea caddy sat there, open and tipped on its side, spilled tea leaves littering the counter and the floor. One plate had been set before a chair on the table, and the other just sat beside it with mugs and utensils lying on it. The candles on the table had guttered out, and the oil lantern suspended over the workspace was dry and its wick burnt down to the reservoir. One of the larder doors had been so hastily shut it had fallen open again; a spoon lay forgotten on the floor under the table. In Pippin's room the bed was perfectly made, which made a lump come up in Paladin's throat, for he'd obviously not slept in it since the linens were changed; but drawers were left half open and with clothing hanging out, indicating things had been hastily grabbed and stowed in his saddlebags, and a shirt lay on the floor, half under the bed. Merry's room was little better. They returned to the entranceway where Paladin slumped onto the bench. "They can't have done it again--just up and disappeared again like this," he moaned, a feeling of emptiness in his heart. Just as it looked as if Saradoc would join him in dejection on the bench there was a knock at the door, and Sara answered it, accepting the two letters the messenger from the Quick Post held out, indicating they were intended for Merry and Pippin. "They're from Frodo," Sara commented as he handed the one intended for Pippin to his wife's brother. They shared a look, gave a mutual nod of decision, and each slipped a finger below the wax seal to open the envelope and read what Frodo had written. Oh, my dearest little Pippin--not that you are little any more. No, you haven't been little for quite some time, even before you met Treebeard and accepted your first Ent draught. I cannot tell you just how much I love you and how very proud I am of you. I have looked forward for so long to being by you when you come of age, but now I find I won't be able to do so. I'm leaving, Pippin. I have to. I don't particularly want to, but my choices have become quite limited. Even if I were to stay, I wouldn't remain long, and I think you understand what I mean. Healing can't come to me here, Pippin, not for my body or for my spirit, which was almost destroyed by the Ring. I'm so sorry I'm running away, but I can't take any more partings. Each one I've been forced to face has torn at me until I feel frayed. I'm going with Lord Elrond as he leaves Middle Earth, and I will not be able to return. The Lady Arwen sought this grace for me, and in the end the word returned that it was indeed granted--but to Bilbo and Sam as well as myself,