Written for B2MeM 2015 on a prompt based upon the song "Ever and Always" from "LOTR, the Musical". For Lavender Took for her birthday Stories, Familiar and Rare The children of Brandy Hall were excited. They'd learned from Horto, who'd served as the primary door warden for the Hall for some years, that Cousin Frodo Baggins had come unheralded, and such an event hadn't happened for some time. He'd only been back to Brandy Hall twice since he returned from Outside, and then they'd had little chance to prevail upon him to tell them stories. "He tells the bestest stories," declared little Agata Brandybuck. "Or at least he used to," temporized her older brother Sebiric. "His stories at the Free Fair aren't like they used to be." Zadoc, whose father Gomez had been saved from an icy death in the Brandywine by Frodo Baggins when they were both tweens, said, "I want a scary story, with a monster in it." "What's a monster?" asked Agata, who having only recently turned seven was little better than a faunt. Zadoc explained, "They're big, horrible creatures with claws and huge teeth that could eat you!" Agata shuddered and pouted. "I don't want to hear about scary things!" "Oh, don't be such a bairn, Agata!" her brother insisted. "They're only stories, and nothing to be scared about. It's not like they're real, you know." "But she is still a bairn," said Evro, who at ten was more grown up than those who'd spoken so far. "And a lot of the stories Cousin Frodo tells are real, or are about things that really happened. Cousin Merry told me that." "But there aren't really dragons or spiders big enough to eat a Hobbit or a Dwarf," insisted Sebiric. "Or," he said more thoughtfully, "there aren't such things here in the Shire." "There were the odd Big Men who had skin like mud and strange-colored eyes," Evro said. "The ones who weren't Rangers. The ones who killed my brother. They were monsters, you ask me." The others looked at him sideways. Hobbits died—everybody knew that. But not usually Hobbit children, and never at the hands of someone else. Evro's brother had been eighteen, nearly a tween, when he managed to somehow come face to face with one of the ugly Big Men who tried to take the family's milk cow from the lad, and struck him with a huge club when he'd refused to let go of its rope. Evro had seen it happen from the other end of the pasture, and he still had nightmares about it. "Well," said an older lad, "those are all gone now. All of Lotho's Big Men are gone, those that aren't dead. Merry and Cousin Pippin saw to that. Even that strange Sharkey and his Worm are gone!" "I hope the Big Man who killed Evro's brother is gone," Agata said. "I don't ever want him to come back!" The others all agreed with her. Suddenly one of the older lads joined them. "I found him. He's in the visitors' parlor." "Why's he there?" asked Sebiric. The older lad shrugged. "I don't know—I just saw he was there and then came away back to the rest of you. I'd say it would be all right to ask him for a story. After all, he's not in his own room in the Heir's quarters." They all nodded. Merry had made it very clear that when Frodo was in his own room in the Heir's quarters he was to be left strictly alone unless he expressly invited someone to keep him company there. Merry had always been protective toward Frodo Baggins, but since they'd come back from Outside his care for his beloved cousin had increased notably, but nobody seemed to know just why. They'd been told that after Frodo left Brandy Hall to go live with old Bilbo Baggins in Hobbiton that the two Bagginses usually slept in the inner rooms reserved for guests when visiting Brandy Hall, but that since Bilbo left the Shire Frodo had returned to sleeping in the room in the Heir's quarters that had been his as a lad. Merry had also returned to the Heir's quarters after he came of age in 1415, again preferring, it was said, to sleep in the room that had been his before his father became Master rather than moving into the Heir's bedroom that was now his by right. But now Merry didn't even live in the Hall at all. Instead, he and Pippin Took lived together in the Crickhollow house that Cousin Saradoc as Master had sold to Frodo when he said he'd run out of money. Frodo, however, had gone back the West-farthing and lived again in Bag End, and had given Crickhollow back to the Brandybucks with the condition that Merry and Pippin were to be allowed to stay there as long as they needed to do so. Only—well, why should Merry and Pippin need to live there rather than in their own homes with their families? Again, nobody seemed to know just why—or at least they'd not admit they might know why to the children of the Hall. After standing thoughtfully for a few moments, exchanging questioning glances with their fellows as to the advisability of possibly disturbing Frodo, at last Evro gave a snort of decision and turned toward the visitors' parlor, and the others followed him. The visitors' parlor was an inner chamber with its own hearth, used to allow a relatively private space for visitors and their hosts within the Hall to meet without the general worry of the Hall's children running in and out or nosy resident relatives barging in uninvited. As the room tended to be cool even at the height of summer a fire was always kept laid there, and now and then someone who wanted perhaps a bit more privacy than his family's quarters might offer would take refuge there, as apparently Frodo had done now. They paused outside the door, again looking uncertainly from one to another until at last the oldest lass gave a nod and knocked tentatively at the door. They could all hear Frodo answering in a quiet voice, "Enter, if you wish." Emboldened, the lass pushed the door open, and they all huddled for a moment in the doorway before filing in, the taller children letting the little ones to enter first. "Welcome, children," he said. The children were a bit uncertain in spite of his smile. Certainly he didn't look as most of them remembered him from before he and the others had left the Shire and Buckland through the Old Forest. "You don't usually sit in here," one of the lasses said. He gave a shrug. "As no one knew I was coming, nobody thought to put any wood into the parlor or the kitchen in the Heir's quarters. So as I did not wish to disturb anyone I came here, knowing I could easily light the fire on the hearth and sit here watching it. Now, what can I do for you? Did you come for a story?" One of the older lads asked uncertainly, "Will you want to tell us one? I mean, if you don't feel like telling us a tale we could go away again and let you sit by the fire." Frodo gave another smile and a small shake to his head. "No, I find that sitting here by the firelight's glow is warming me to the memory of tales and stories. What kind of story would you wish to hear?" "An old tale," suggested one of the older lasses. But at the same time, Evro Brandybuck was saying, "I'd like a new one, one nobody else in the Shire has heard as yet." Little Zadoc added, raising his hands as he imagined evil creatures must move, "And it has to have a scary monster in it!" Frodo gave a little wince, although Evro couldn't be certain whether the wince was pretend or real. "A scary monster, eh?" Agata said, "But somebody has to destroy the monster, if there's one in the story. I don't want scary monsters with horrible claws and huge teeth to be able to come here to eat us!" Frodo almost laughed aloud at that. "Then I promise that if there's a scary monster in it that it will be vanquished." The oldest lass asked, "And could it be a real story, one that really happened? And could the hero be the bravest person possible? Please, Cousin Frodo?" Frodo's expression grew more solemn, almost as if that request hurt him somehow, or so Evro thought. "If you wish," he said with a short sigh. He rubbed at his shoulder for a moment as he thought of what tale he might tell, and then reached for the mug that sat beside him, only it was empty. He looked at it thoughtfully, then raised his eyes to meet those of the oldest lad. "I'll tell a tale, and wait to start until you return, if you will go and fetch me a jug of water from the kitchens." Delighted, the lad leapt to his feet. "I'll be right back," he announced. "Wait right there!" And he was instantly running out the door as fast as he could go. As they waited still more children, knowing in that odd way that tends to happen in such places as the greater smials that a wonderful treat was on offer, began to arrive to hear the story, too. While they waited, Agata came closer to Frodo and was taken by him onto his lap. "Why do you want some water?" she asked. He shrugged as he allowed her to settle into his embrace. "I find I often feel very thirsty anymore," he answered her. "Why?" He looked down to meet her gaze as she looked straight up into his face. "I had to do without enough water for a time while I was gone, and I find now I cannot bear to be without a drink beside me." "Oh," she said, obviously finding it hard to imagine not having enough water to drink as her mouth puckered slightly. "How come you didn't have anything to drink?" He gave a slight shrug, and his face twisted a bit as if with pain. "We found ourselves in a desert land where what little rain that falls quickly dries into the sand, stones, and ash that make up its floor, not leaving enough water to make a single stream. "But why were you there, there where there's no streams?" she persisted. He hugged her closer and rested his chin on the top of her head. "Why indeed," he murmured. But he didn't try to answer her question. "Too bad you came now when Saradoc and Esmeralda are away," said the oldest lass. A lad added, "And Merry and Pippin are away, too, looking for bad Men down in the South-farthing." "I know. They wrote me to tell me that they would all be gone." The oldest lass looked confused. "Then why did you come now?" she asked. He cocked his head with a slight shake. "I had business outside the Shire, and I wanted to rest for a few days before I go home again." "Did you go to Bree?" asked Sebiric. "No, just to a place opposite the Barrow-downs where my contacts from the Breelands came to meet me. I only went out this morning, and once we were done with our business I returned again." One of the other older lads shuddered. "I've heard tales about the Barrow-downs. You don't want to go there." Frodo seemed to have no expression when he replied, "No, you don't want to go there. But I no longer fear the Barrow-wights, not now." He reached for his mug, bur realizing it was still empty he pulled his hand back and rubbed absently at his shoulder again. "Didn't you want to see Bree?"