For Lindelea for her birthday--and most auspicious for the beginning of this collection, as it was one of her tales that inspired my first fanfiction story! An excellent writer, exceptional mother and teacher, and good friend. May her muse never fail her, even if real life gets in the way! A most happy birthday to you! Beta by RiverOtter. A Time for Truth Yawning hugely, Pippin shuffled his way into the kitchen of Bag End, and was gladdened to see a young Hobbit leaning over a mixing bowl with a bottle of beer in hand. "And what are you up to this fine morning, Frodo?" he managed to say around the yawn. "Fixing your breakfast," the younger Hobbit said, looking up at him from the focus of his attention. "It seems the Thain put in his request for my da's beer-batter griddle cakes this morning, so I am seeing to it." "And why isn't your da seeing to it himself?" Frodo Gamgee-Gardner's expression became more neutral. "He's in the study--has been most of the night from what I can tell. He wasn't in the best of moods when you lot returned from the meeting of the Family Heads last evening." He poured in a bit more beer, stirred, and nodded, satisfied with his work. "There, that's the right mix, I'm thinking." He set down the bottle and looked up to meet the eyes of the Thain. "I know I could have gone to the meeting myself and so wouldn't have to ask, but what foolishness was said last night to make my Sam-dad so upset?" Pippin rubbed at his eyes and tried to cover another yawn at the same time. "Oh, nothing much, really. Just the usual jibes at your name-father's expense, is all." The younger Hobbit's face grew dark with displeasure as he dipped a finger in the water jug and dashed a drop at the top of the iron griddle. "Not quite hot enough," he grunted to himself as it sizzled into steam. He returned his gaze to meet that of his nominal uncle. "Who was it this time? One of the Bracegirdles again?" Pippin shook his head as he reached for an apple from the fruit bowl. "No, not the Bracegirdles this time. No--Trosco Chubb from the Northfarthing, who's head of the family up that-a-way. Doesn't seem to think that the request to hold a vote to ratify the ennoblement of Frodo Baggins as the Lord Iorhael has anything to do with normal Shire business, and therefore has no place at the Free Fair this summer. After all, he reminds us, the last time Frodo's name came up for a vote at the Free Fair he'd made it plain he wanted nothing to do with the running of the Shire." Frodo turned fully to face Pippin. "What?" he shouted. "Doesn't he realize how the quest hurt Uncle Frodo? The Shire was most lucky to have him as deputy Mayor as long as he held the job, and that's a fact--and you know it! I've seen his writing in the Red Book--he was lucky some days, I'd think, to find the strength to get out of his bed, much less ride to Michel Delving and back!" Pippin sighed as he took a bite of his apple, and took his time chewing and swallowing before replying. At last he said, "He was staying in Michel Delving with the Whitfoots while he was working, Frodo, and riding each way but once in the week. Your da saw to that." He gave a wry smile in answer to the younger Hobbit's frown. "You need to understand, Frodo-lad, that in some ways the manner in which the Shire deals with thoughts of Frodo Baggins is his own fault. He was, after all, the epitome of the stubborn Baggins. And I'm not saying that to be disrespectful, either. Frodo was the first to admit that he was sometimes his own worst enemy!" He leaned closer to look directly into the younger Hobbit's eyes, emphasizing what he had to say. "Know this: Frodo didn't want the Shire to know what he'd been through. He hated to think of most Hobbits beginning to understand what such evil as we faced was like. And he hated it worse when people gossiped about him, so he refused to answer most folks when they demanded to know where he'd gone and why. Would just give them the Look, you know, and stop them right where they stood if they even appeared about to ask. Plus, he didn't want the whole Shire treating us the way it had treated Bilbo. He figured it was better to let them blame him rather than Merry or me or your da. Nor would he allow us to tell about it to anyone other than family--told us that it was pointless to try to explain, and especially when hardly anyone within the Shire could begin to appreciate what we were trying to tell them. "You've grown up knowing there's a King again, and seeing the letters come and go between here and Minas Tirith or Annúminas. You've heard us describing what it was like when I was serving as Strider's guard in the Citadel of the White City, and when Frodo was there to serve as his most favored Councilor--besides Gandalf, of course. But until we came back, when a Hobbit of the Shire wanted to emphasize that something was not going to happen, or would be most unlikely to occur at all he said, 'when the King returns.' We had a wraith's own time trying to convince the likes of old Odo Proudfoot that the King had returned after all, much less that we were close personal friends with him! Not many saw the Black Riders when they passed through the Shire, and fewer heard their cries or felt the sheer evil of them! For most, Mordor was just a name from the borders of stories told to children. The idea of most Hobbits, and particularly the children, beginning to appreciate that there really was a Mordor and that its dread Lord and Sharkey had intended to turn our beautiful land into a copy of it--he couldn't bear it! He wanted the Shire to remain untouched by that evil. He had borne the Ring--he knew that he could survive such evil, but he didn't want the rest of the people of the Shire to realize just how close it came to being destroyed. A good part of what he loved best about the Shire was the innocence we Hobbits have always known, you realize." Frodo shrugged. He turned back to the griddle, dipped his finger again into the jug and shook a droplet off against its top. As it skated across the surface of the hot iron he smiled briefly in triumph. "Hot enough now!" He poured a measure of batter onto it, then looked back to Pippin. "It may be as you say; but since Uncle Frodo's gone it's time to let folks know just what he did do for them, don't you think?" Pippin also shrugged as he swallowed another bite of apple. "We've tried to tell them over the years, lad. But you'll find that most Hobbits don't really want to know or understand. As your Uncle Frodo also appreciated, if most Hobbits appear innocent of the evils of the world, a good part of it is due to their own stubborn intentions of pretending the rest of the world doesn't really exist." He smiled. "You'd do well to come with us for the last of the conference this morning. Besides--the folk from the Ivy Bush will be bringing the elevenses, and nobody does pheasant pasties as well as they do. Frodo used to love the pasties from there, which is partly why your father insisted we have them do the cooking!" So saying, he wandered down the passage to the door to the study. Sam was inside, but rather than sitting at the desk he was seated on the small sofa, staring fixedly somewhere beyond the blade of the sword he'd carried through so much of Middle Earth, hanging now above the fireplace where once Bilbo had hung Sting. "You're going to regret the sleep you skipped, Sam Gamgee," he greeted his friend. The Mayor of the Shire just grunted in response. Pippin tried again. "The griddle cakes are beginning to cook. But are they going to be as good as yours, Sam?" At last Sam turned his own eyes to meet Pippin's. "The lad's his mum's son and mine. He'll live up to what's expected of him." Pippin could see the pain and frustration in Sam's expression. "Sam, you know Frodo never wished for anyone to protect his reputation, and felt it was a waste of time to try. Don't let the likes of Trosco Chubb disturb you. He never knew Frodo that well to begin with, and his opinion isn't worth a spoiled fig." Sam sighed, stood, and stretched. "Oh," he said, "I know that. But it still hurts at times to hear him called cracked and selfish. There wasn't a selfish bone in his body, you know." Pippin couldn't stop a small smile. "Not unless mushrooms were involved, that is." Sam couldn't help but give at least a snort of laughter. "That is true! Now, you member how on Yule he got? You know, there on the quest, when he opened the package as old Mr. Bilbo'd slipped into his things for a present and found as it was full of dried mushrooms?" Pippin found himself remembering the scene. "Oh, but do I! Because it was Yule he felt honorbound to share them, so he gave most of them to you to add to our dinner that night. And when Boromir found them in his stew he was picking them out and started to throw them on the ground----" Sam was now grinning openly. "And my Master--him was so upset! To see perfectly good mushrooms wasted like that! And then you----" Yes, Pippin did remember. "And I was grabbing them from his fingers and eating them--and Frodo was growing more and more stiff at the same time he was trying hard not to laugh at Boromir's expression. But just the thought someone would think to throw mushrooms away drove him mad with frustration and shock! He didn't speak to Boromir for three days after that!" "And seems t'me as he had you doin' lots of things like cleanin' Bill's hooves and shovelin' away his droppings and all." "And I got to wash dishes every night for the next week, as I remember it. And it seems to me that it was about then that Boromir found he couldn't keep a lace for his boots whole!" The two of them were now smiling openly at one another. "Ought to of given them to Strider," Sam noted. "Now, there's a Man as loves a good mushroom as much as any Hobbit." His expression softened. "Too bad as Mr. Trosco Chubb never saw that scene. Too bad as the whole Shire didn't see him on the quest." At that moment Frodo-lad called from the kitchen, "Dad--you want Elanor to take the scones out of the oven now?" "It seems as if I'm needed after all," Sam said. "I'll have t'fetch the jam in for the scones--have it out in the workshop t'keep the little'uns out of it." He'd started for the door when Pippin noticed the stack of paper Sam had left on the floor by where he'd been sitting. "What's this?" he asked, leaning over to scoop the pages up. Sam paused, flushing deeply. "It's nothin', not really. Was--well, was thinkin' of a song, and started to write it out. But it's not anythin' worth notin'." Pippin nodded, scanning the pages quickly, then pulling them away when Sam tried to take them from him. "No, Sam--I've started reading it anyway, so you may as well leave the