Beta by RiverOtter. A companion of sorts to the story that will follow this one. Curses Fulfilled September 22, 1342 S.R. /It owed the miserable creature nothing, perhaps--certainly It had never considered him Its master. It had answered Its Master's call by fleeing as best It could with no thought of missing Its former bearer. However, once It realized that It could not escape easily from the owner of the new pocket It inhabited, It had become angry, and even more so once that new bearer turned back toward the West. "Thief! The nasty thief!" Gollum had hissed. "We hates the Bagginses--we hates them forever!" And the Ring had heard--heard and approved of the sentiment. Ah, but being filled with so much of Its true Master's mind and will, It fully understood the nature of hatred, envy, and malice. And now the Baggins was returned to his own home, his own place, his own people, and showed no signs at all of seeking to leave his familiar surroundings once more. It did its best to infect him with dissatisfaction, but he remained firmly in place, seeking to fill that emptiness by purchasing new clothes, then sewing loops into each pocket to which to fasten his hapless prisoner. It sought to prompt restlessness in him, and he merely would travel to see this kinsman or that, or would explore sections of his own land he'd never visited. "We curses the Bagginses!" It hated the Baggins now. The Baggins who held It did not take It back where he'd found It, but neither had brought It any nearer Its home. The Baggins had It safely penned up in his pocket in the center of a land that was about as far removed from Its Master's as possible--west rather than east; north rather than south; full of life and uncontrollable and unexpected surprises rather than predictable sterility; filled with laughter and argument instead of obedient slaves terrified of the Master's wrath. It could not seem to move him to seek power. It could not seem to move him to dreams of glory and conquest. It could not seem even to move him to so simple an emotion as lust! It might as well be back in the mud at the bottom of the river once again--then as It realized that thought It shrank a bit. He used It not to spy upon others, but only, it proved, to hide himself more surely from certain of his own people at times he would not be bothered with their company. And this day--this day he had surrounded himself with those who continued to respect him, even to love him! It would have shuddered, had that been possible. Robbed of that form of expression, It grew as warm as it was possible to do within the pocket, wishing he had It against his skin so It could leave perhaps a small burn to warn him of Its displeasure. Then--then It realized he felt an emotion It approved of, could even use, perhaps, to inspire him to do something It could exploit for Its own ends-- anger . He was angry someone had come--two someones. These were the last to arrive, and they, too, held emotions It appreciated--envy, spite, and greed. Why could It not have ended up with such as they instead of this one? And what was more--the woman of the two bore within her a child! It tried to approach the child's fëa , but was blocked by some power It could not appreciate. Within Its Master's halls It had been used to corrupt the fëar of the children borne by Its Master's slaves; and the hröa had followed in the way of the fëa --usually, at least. Why It could not touch this unborn child, however, It could not say. It would do Its best to explore this barrier as It could. The woman of the two was the greedier, and had no aversion to taking what she wanted, It noted. It wished she would explore the Baggins's pocket and take It with her--but that, apparently, was not to be. It could have howled with frustration--again, had It been capable of such expression. Instead It sent a crackle of discontent through the room, and all became that much more uncomfortable with the situation. And when the woman was caught with items she'd pilfered from the room of the Baggins, It was glad to see all as upset as It was. Strike her--punish her! It felt the Baggins straighten, felt him clench his fist about It in his pocket. Good--strike her! But the Baggins didn't strike her--instead he let go of It as if he'd been stung. No! he thought. No--I won't do that! What was it with these mortals? Why did they insist on being polite, even with someone as self-centered as this one had been? And the Baggins was giving her something--something to help protect her from the weather outside? The Ring was totally perplexed./ (I) (I) (I) October 23, 1342 S.R. /The one consulting with the Baggins was about the same age as Baggins himself, and the Ring was pleased to see that he was upset. It could not follow the conversation, but It could feel the pulse of anger and disgust that Baggins felt as a result of whatever was being said./ "And just how is it that Lobelia and Otho ended up with the deed to Warm Smial?" Bilbo was asking. Teron Sackville's jaws were almost clenched shut. "They convinced Mother that I was the one who was putting the dessert before the meal with that lass there in Overhill. I told her and told her it wasn't me, but she wouldn't listen, Bilbo! The more I said it wasn't me, the more convinced she was that I was the father!" "But why would she believe you were the father? You've never had eyes for any lass other than Posy Strawflower over the other side of Bywater." At his guest's nod he continued, "So how was it she was convinced you were playing around with that lass?" Teron reddened. "I was spending a good deal of time in Overhill, you see, and wouldn't tell her what I was doing." "Which was?" "Racing ponies." Bilbo sighed. Teron's father had lost a good deal of money and even some property racing and betting on ponies, and Laburnum Sackville had developed a marked antipathy to the sport as a result. "She swore that if she caught you racing ponies she'd write you out of her will, didn't she?" Teron nodded his head miserably. "Yes. So, she wrote me out of her will anyway, even though I don't think she ever knew what I was really doing." Bilbo muttered, "Trust Otho and Lobelia to catch you in a cleft stick of your own cutting." "Actually, I'm certain it was all Lobelia, Bilbo. She visited my mother several times, from what everyone tells me; but no one ever saw Otho about the place. And it was her uncle who wrote out the new will for Mum." Bilbo's mouth tightened. "Curse her!" he spat. /That the Ring caught. Curse her! It knew a command It was glad to see to. As to the identity of the one cursed--the mental images were recognizable to the Ring--the one who'd stolen from the Baggins before./ Bilbo continued, "I'm not certain what I will be able to do, Teron. Yes, as family head for the Bagginses I ought to be able to have some influence; but Otho and Lobelia can merely turn to the Sackville and Bracegirdle family heads, and at this point they will undoubtedly overrule me, particularly your uncle Perdo Sackville, as Otho is his heir as the Sackville after Longo. After all, I am the Hobbit who ruined my reputation and tarnished my family name by going on an adventure. And as your mother had warned you that if you raced ponies you risked losing the family smial but you were doing so anyway, I suspect that the Mayor and Thain as well as the family heads in general will only uphold the will, no matter you weren't dallying with anyone. What about your Hornblower ties? Have you spoken to Hatto yet?" "He says about the same as you, Bilbo--that because I was racing ponies and about everyone knew how Mother felt about that it would have come to the same thing anyway." After a moment of thought, Bilbo rose. "Well, I will try to speak with Otho and Lobelia, but I truly doubt I shall do any good." (I) (I) (I) When Bilbo stopped by the smial of Longo and Camellia Sackville-Baggins the next day in search of their son and his wife, it was to find that Otho was off in the Southfarthing to see to one of his properties near Needlehole, and Lobelia was in Warm Smial with her Uncle Leander, doing an inventory of the place and deciding what they would keep and what they would sell. Longo was stiffly formal with his nephew, but it was obvious that he would do nothing about convincing Otho and Lobelia to do properly by Teron. "So he had nothing to do with that lass becoming pregnant?" he growled. "So, what he was really doing was racing ponies? You know as well as I do how Laburnum felt about that! Had she learned of it, the results would have been exactly the same." Bilbo was shocked that Longo would speak so plainly about what had happened to the lass from Overhill, as such things weren't exactly mentioned outright in polite Hobbit society. "And you aren't upset that Lobelia manipulated Laburnum Sackville, and that she made untrue accusations against Teron's character? You aren't upset that she died thinking of her older son as a philanderer?" "Perhaps he might not be a philanderer, but there is no question he is a wastrel, Bilbo." Bilbo could feel his anger rising on Teron's behalf, and he felt the same urge to strike his uncle as he'd felt on the day of his birthday to strike Lobelia when she'd been marched into his presence along with several items she'd tried to steal from his bedroom. No! I'll not so demean myself! he thought, and with a decided effort he suppressed the compulsion. Instead he fixed his uncle with an expression that his grandfather Gerontius would have been proud of, and when he spoke his voice could have cut glass. "I see, Uncle Longo--you are so eager to rid the hole of Lobelia you will sacrifice your wife's cousin's reputation. What does that say of you?" With that he let himself out of the hole, forcing himself not to slam the door after him. As for Lobelia when he found her in what would shortly be her new home, she had a smug delight to her. "And why should I feel sorry for Teron? He did it to himself, racing ponies when he knew how his mother felt about the activity!" she said. "But he wasn't disinherited for racing ponies, as you full well know, Lobelia," Bilbo said, again forcing himself to remain calm. "You convinced his mother that he had lied about his feelings for Posy and was dallying with that foolish lass in Overhill even before you knew what he'd been really doing, didn't you? What's more, you've besmirched his name before the whole region of the Hill, even after you've known that he'd really been taking part in the races!" "Had I told his mother what he was really doing it would have made no difference, Bilbo Baggins." The smug smile had faded, and she now appeared as stubborn as the chalk faces of the White Downs. "Would you rather she'd died thinking he was as much a wastrel as his father?" "And the fact that his father's ponies were being consistently dosed by your cousin Bigelow and his father means nothing, Lobelia? I've checked into the pony