Written for the LOTR Community "Midsummer Night's Dream" challenge. For Dreamflower for her birthday, and for all for Independence Day. Beta by RiverOtter. The best in this kind are but shadows; and the worst are no worse, if imagination amend them. Theseus, scene I, A Midsummer Night's Dream Fences and Dreams "Hey, rol-a-derry-o, ah the weather's mellow! Bright blue his jacket is, and his boots are…." But he stopped in the midst of his song, listening intently to the murmur of the trees about him. "And what is it?" he asked aloud. "Someone comes? Ah, no— two someones, one you've met before, and one who has been but a rumor to you, eh? Then perhaps it's time for your Tom to be off home. "For Goldberry waits us there, with honey-mead and water, There my heart is turned, toward the River-woman's daughter!" And, singing and capering, Tom Bombadil hurried down the path that followed the course of the Withywindle, waterlilies in hand carried in tribute to his beloved. (I) (I) (I) Arien was dropping in her course westward almost behind the trees when they came at last to Tom's door. All was in readiness for them, of course—the house spotless and festooned with flowers, sprays of greenery, and candles ready to be lit, the table already set with fresh-baked bread, golden butter, honey, strawberries plucked from the wooded hillsides, and sweet cream to pour over them. "And what have we here?" asked Tom of the two who approached his door. "It's been time and time, even as I have known it, since last you visited with us, son of Arathorn and Elrond. And what does the High King of the West seek from those who dwell within the Old Forest?" Not giving him a chance to answer, though, he turned his attention to the King of Men's companion. "And you, my Lady—I will say this: "From morning's Queen you come, and from Silver also, and Wisdom's seat. Had Ulmo not giv'n one mete to me, my heart might also lie at your feet." The Lady Arwen laughed, her dark hair thrown back and her shining eyes bright with delight. But Goldberry had come forward, reaching to embrace them. "Welcome, sweet guests," she was saying, "and pay this one no mind, for his eye is easily caught in the net of wonder. Come—all is prepared for you! Will you stay with us this night? For, lo! Thy bed lies ready under the eaves, the blankets soft upon it, ready to ease the cares of those who rule." So it was they were led to the table and sat down to eat Tom's simple yet filling fare, and all was filled with the beauty of the Queen's voice as she joined Goldberry in song, and in time the men-folk joined in as well, filling the house with music and merriment. At last all were sated, and when Goldberry rose to clear away, Arwen would not be deterred from aiding her, the two of them making short work of plates and cups, bowls and pitchers. Tom poured out a goblet of golden mead for each of them. Slippers, soft and restful, were provided for the feet of all, and Goldberry settled into her seat in the midst of her waterlilies, their white and golden beauty reflecting her own. Tom had seen the candles lit. No fire was needed, for the night was warm with summer. Arwen breathed the scented air and murmured, "A pleasant dream this seems, our most beloved host and hostess. But it was with a serious purpose we sought you out." "And where did you leave those who ordinarily guard you?" asked Tom. "I cannot think they know peace in their hearts with the two of you out of their sight." The King, unlit pipe in hand, smiled. "No, I don't suppose they are happy with us. But as we entered your realm this day, they have had to agree to allow you to guard us in their stead, and they wait in Bree, from whence they will come to join us tomorrow. Not," he added, his hand raised to forestall any further speech for the moment from Tom, "not here, but on the borders of Tyrn Gorthad." Tom cocked his head, fixing Aragorn Elessar with his bright eye. "And what would you do there?" he asked. "The residents of that place do not take kindly to visits from the living, and they might seek again to take you prisoner, and to use you to their own purposes." Aragorn, however was shaking his head, his hand upon the green stone he wore on his breast. "They cannot hurt us," he said simply. "But we came primarily to ask you if you would mind to lose them as neighbors. I know that they can do no harm to you, no more so than can they do now to us; and I know that their presence has helped to ensure the peace the two of you know here. The Hobbits of the Shire respect your borders and have managed a truce with Old Man Willow's sentries this side of the High Hay. But I worry somewhat that if we banish them as we'd like to do, that wanderers from the Breelands and elsewhere might seek to enter the Old Forest and despoil it, thinking the land uninhabited and thus free for the taking." "It's thoughtful, the King, he is," Tom sighed, taking a sip from the goblet he held. "Old wights can't touch us, and we won't fear them. They know I'm Master here and won't allow their mischief free rein." He looked thoughtfully into his cup. "But," he murmured, "they grow tired. Aulendil is gone, his golden soul-trap with him. The Ringbearer is gone also, may his troubled soul know rest now." Aragorn smiled at him. "I'm certain he does now." Again Tom eyed him, a smile touching his eyes. "Ah—then I'm not the only one trees might confide in, then. Good! Good!" He downed his drink, and setting the goblet down by him, rose to his feet. "So, you think to banish the wights, eh? But where would you send them? And will they be pleased at the prospect?" "Probably not," admitted the King. "Not that I care that much for their thoughts on the subject. But too many decent folk have been bedeviled by them, and some lost who've been sorely missed. And we would honor those who were laid there so long ago as they deserve." "Few enough of those are still aware of the place, I suspect." Tom shrugged. He raised his arms and began to sing. "Long have the wights ruled there, and fair souls care not for them. Far past Arda's bounds they've gone, Light and Love now hold them." "And we rejoice that this is true. But the question still stands—do you wish to keep them as neighbors to protect your borders? It has been said, after all, that good fences make good neighbors." "True enough," Tom admitted. He gave the brooch the King wore a long look. "Hmm," he said. "Perhaps that trinket you wear might serve all." He looked up to meet the King's eyes. "Elessar Envinyatar you are now, the Elfstone, the Renewer? Well, instead of banishing those who've taken Tyrn Gorthad, why not renew them?" And he turned in his place, chanting, "The best in this kind are but shadows; and the worst are no worse, if imagination amend them. Why not allow yourself to sleep on the problem, and see what thoughts you find when the morning light embraces us once more?" So saying he set to blowing out most of the candles in the room. Goldberry took one that still twinkled brightly and bade them soothing dreams, advising them to fear no nightly noises, and went to her own chamber. Tom gave one of the last two into the Lady's hands, and taking the other, led them to a room under the eaves where a great soft bed, apt even to Aragorn's long frame, lay awaiting them, even as Goldberry had described it. Fine night robes lay there, and after bidding them good night, Tom shut the door behind himself and hied himself off to his wife's embrace. (I) (I) (I) First they heard the running of water through a sandy bed. Frodo was hunkered down, his hands upon his knees, looking into the depths of a stream. On hearing Lord and Lady approach, he looked up, his smile of greeting radiant. "Oh, Aragorn, come and see!" So saying, he indicated the water that ran by his toes, a few droplets escaping its flow and shining happily in the hair that clad his feet. They came opposite him and looked where he pointed. There, crawling along the bottom was what appeared to be a tube made of sand and strands of dried grass stalks cemented together, out of which feet emerged at the forward end. The creature in its ungainly house was making for the stalk of a great cattail that rose up high above the surface of the stream, and as it traveled Frodo sang it on its way. They watched as it finally reached its goal, and as, once its feet grasped the stalk of the plant, the larva of a caddis fly began laboriously shedding its protective shell and, at last free of its former home, started its climb toward the air above. Frodo, enthralled, watched its progress, his eyes growing brighter by the moment. "The pupa will form around its body," he told them, "and within it, it will change. Oh, Aragorn, how it will change!" But the dream was beginning to fade away, and they found themselves slipping backwards, away from Frodo, a mist of silver-white forming between him and themselves. Aragorn awoke and rolled to affirm that his wife lay by him, and saw that in her hand she now held the stem of a cattail, to which was affixed a brown shell that even now was hardening about what had been a vulnerable larva's body…. (I) (I) (I) They paused in sight of the standing stone that marked the boundary to the ancient royal cemetery for Arnor. "I was little better than a boy when I came this way before," Aragorn said quietly, "filled with the bravado of youth, certain that no danger could touch me—that I could command those that dwell within. That I survived is not due to what little caution I showed at the time, I fear." She laughed, laying her slender hand on his arm. "Oh, I am sure that they found within themselves a certain reluctance to force you to plumb to the depths of your ability to command them, my beloved. And you mastered them." He shook his head ruefully. "I fear it was more of a draw in the end, and it was decided only when our host of last night came to see what riot I was inciting. Iarwain Ben-adar has brooked no nonsense from them since Angmar first drew them here, intending to use them to sow fear and distress among those who must hold the line against him in this region. Bombadil taught me that day that you cannot fear them, for to do so gives them their weapon to use against you." He held out his arm for her to take, but before they could even take a step they were halted anew by calls from the direction of the Road. "Hoy—Strider—hold up for a moment!" Neither was surprised to realize that the Mayor of the Shire, the Thain, and the Master of Buckland were hurrying to join them. "It appears we were just in time," announced Pippin. "One minute more and you'd have gone in there!" "We will not be deterred," warned Aragorn Elessar. "No one," Merry said, "said anything about stopping you. We'll be going with you, is all." "And why?" the King asked, standing straight and regally,