Particularly for Jeannette, Dave, and Peggy, and their families, with thanks for acceptance and Seders and Shabbots shared. With thanks to Fiondil for his help with the language issues, and to RiverOtter for the beta. Pilgrimage and Passover Memorials Reversed "And have you all that you require for your comfort, Master Samwise?" asked a voice. Sam looked up from his cup of ale, rather surprised, for he'd not heard Prince Faramir approach, followed by his son Elboron. "I'm well enough at the moment, Captain Faramir," he said. "Was gettin' a bit much for me, is all, seein' where the camp was raised, and memberin' it all." He took another sip before setting his cup on the table beside him. "It don't look much the same, but it still brings back the memories, it does." "I can imagine," the Man said softly as he carefully lowered himself to sit beside the Hobbit. "I was not well enough at first to leave the City, and then was too busy preparing for the coming of the King and arguing with those lords of the realm who would have preferred to keep things as they were to visit the camp here, although I did my best to see to it that sufficient supplies and comforts were sent for the needs of those who were worst hurt and those who must serve them." Faramir smiled. "I think on all our Lord Elessar did for those who were injured and still marvel. My father might have visited those who were wounded, but for the first hour or so he would have been visibly uncomfortable, for never was he so injured that he could not rise and go about other needful work. Seeing those so hurt they could not rise or would never fully recover to be as they were before made him feel most distressed. In time he would finally find one with whom he could converse easily and the discomfort would pass at last, but Boromir and I came to wager on how long it would be before he would meet that one. Indeed, I preferred to see to it my father was led to those with whom I believed he would relax early in his visits to the healers' camps or the Houses of Healing. Boromir, however, would at times become impatient with his discomfort...." Sam found himself smiling at the Man's words. "And so you do the same with me, eh? Talk on to help ease the discomfort?" Faramir's smile widened. "Ah, but you have found me out!" Sam became more serious. "I thank you for it. Trouble is, it's a bit too much the same out there as it was, and too much different at the same time, if you take my meanin'. It's all just a bit--well, off is the only word as comes to mind. And that puts me off, at least a bit." "I see." The doors opened, admitting the King Elessar and his personal guard, accompanied by his Queen, Diamond, Estella, and Rosie, Elanor following behind them. Sam was noting who had--and hadn't--entered the building. "So," he commented, "Pippin and Merry've decided to continue their lookin' about, have they?" Aragorn nodded. "Yes, they are doing so. They went first to the grove where we set up the enclosure for you and Frodo, and I believe that Merry's memories were as stirred there as yours have been just to be here at all. So much of this is bringing his longing for Frodo's presence to the fore, but he says it is good that this is so. He was describing what it was like to first see the two of you, and then how Pippin appeared at the time, how desperately afraid he was but how that fear fell away as he saw you all three returning to normal day by day." "I don't quite understand, Lord Strider," Sam said slowly, "just why these monuments have all been put together, out here in the wilderness, like. Who will even see them?" The King sat down opposite his friend and reached out to take Sam's hand. "Your land has always been sheltered from much of the evil that has troubled the rest of the world, and for that I rejoice. So it is that, although you and Frodo know perhaps better than most just how fragile peace can be and how destructive and pervasive evil can become, still you always knew peace and security as you grew up." "Well, if we did, a good deal of that was due to you and your folk keepin' a watch on the Shire, though we didn't know about it at the time." Aragorn smiled, his love for Sam clear to be seen. "That may be so, but as a result it's harder, perhaps, for you to realize how much what was done here has had an impact on those in Gondor, most of whom have known only the enmity of Sauron and the destruction of his creatures' assaults on their lands all their lives. To know now the peace that we do, and to know that most of it is due to the sacrifices of Gondor's army and Rangers, the alliance we have with Rohan, and beyond all else on the willingness of you four Hobbits and those of us who marched to the Black Gate to sacrifice our own lives to see Sauron destroyed forever--people have made this a route of pilgrimage." "Pilgrimage?" "A route to follow to honor those who were most willing to die that they might live. A route to follow to appreciate just what was suffered that peace might be restored to the world." Sam slipped his hand free of the King's, and reached for his cup of again. He took a sip, obviously considering what he'd just been told. At last he returned the cup to the table, folded his hands together, and looked directly into Aragorn's eyes. "I can begin to understand, Lord Strider, sir. What I don't understand is why that monument as was unveiled today, the one Master Ruvemir sculpted, why it only shows you and us--my Mr. Frodo and me, I mean. We wasn't the only ones as was hurt near to the death, after all." Aragorn was shaking his head. "That is true, Sam. You must understand--for most among Men it is easier to appreciate such an experience if they focus on only one or two individuals rather than on many. Nearly six thousand Men, one Hobbit, two Peredhil, one full Elf, one Dwarf, and a Wizard marched upon the Black Gate. Nearly five hundred Men of Gondor, Arnor, and Rohan died that day, and at least that many were seriously wounded, along with one Hobbit who came very close to losing his life." "Pippin, then," Sam commented, again lifting his cup. "Even so. The mind of a Man simply cannot take in the enormity of such numbers. But it can focus on one or two and their plights, and from those one or two it can then apply what it learns of those individuals to the rest, and so better achieve understanding. And if those one or two are exceptional in some way, the lessons are learned the better. "Remember also that of all who struck out at the might of Sauron that day, of soldiers, Rangers, Princes, Kings, lords greater and lesser, and even common bakers who put by their rolling pins to take up weapons for one last act of defiance against the forces of darkness, the victory was won in the end when two small souls came to the Sammath Naur, winning through not by might of war but by faithfulness and endurance. Only when they brought the Ring within range of the Fire could the Creator use Gollum to see It taken from Frodo and into the abyss, delivering both the Ringbearer and all others forever from Sauron's intended tyranny. Soldiers and warriors--for ages they have opposed the lords of Evil; but this war was not ended by the sword but by the feet of those who love the land that bore and ever sustained them, and the people who had helped them become who they were. "I was not proclaimed a Lord of all the Free People of Arda for leading the assault on the Black Gate----" Sam gave a great laugh, holding his cup between both his hands. "And you think as you ain't seen as such?" All shared in that laugh save the King himself, who merely smiled fondly at the Hobbit. "The Great Eagles proclaimed that honor for you and Frodo, Samwise Gamgee, not for me. Oh, they cried out to the folk of the White City that their King would return to them and dwell among them once more, but there are but two they declared as Princes of all of the West--you and Frodo." Sam was flushing deeply, and took a deep draught of his ale to cover his embarrassment. Aragorn continued, "The most extraordinary feat in the entire history of the ongoing struggles against those who would enslave all others to their own will was achieved by a scholar and a gardener. The grocer who has never held anything more lethal than a trimming knife, the farrier who has never seen any greater blaze than that in his forge and who knows his own hammers but not those intended for purposes of war, the goodwife who has done nothing of violence worse than preparing a fowl for her family's daymeal--they cannot fully appreciate the warrior's life. But they know when two of their own kind have accomplished great deeds, and they will honor them. And when two who are not of the warrior's way yet manage to bring about peace without violence, soldiers take notice. You and Frodo mean a good deal to both parties. And when such as the Great Eagles, who are believed to be servants of the Elder King, declare folk Princes of the West--well, that serves to capture the attention of even those lords of the realm who have not been convinced there are Powers dwelling within Aman." Sam shrugged, obviously uncomfortable. Elanor, who'd come to stand behind her father and had her hand on his shoulder, shared a look of sheer pride with the Queen, while Rosie simply beamed at her beloved spouse. "I must say," she confided in him, "you look mighty fine in that statue. Too bad the other children aren't here t'see it, too. They'd all be so proud of their old dad!" Sam shuddered at the thought. "That's as might be, I suppose, sweetling. But can't you imagine as how much trouble as they'd of been had we brought them all? I doubt as they'd of left the Citadel standin'! Little Primrose is into everythin' lately; and the kitchens wouldn't be proof against the lads! Robin loves his sweets, not to mention all the sweets of anyone else, and will ferret them out wherever they've been hid! Bilbo's at that clumsy age when all he has to do is look at somethin' fragile and down it bumps to shatter t'splinters, and Rosie-lass and Goldilocks can't seem t'speak on aught but clothes and lads--when they're not raidin' the strawberries. I never seen any children as keen on strawberries as ours!" He sighed. "Oh, they all wished t'come, 'tis true, and in especial Ham and Merry and Pippin-lads. Oh, those three've always wanted to stand there at the battlefield and see where their Uncle Pippin killed him his troll. I hated leavin' them home, but suspect as it'll be best they come when they're all older. And as Frodo-lad will be servin' on you two as a page when you come north next year, he'll have his special time with you away from the rest. I'm just glad as he's there to keep an eye on the younger ones--mostly he's a steady one as can keep the rest in line. And as much