For ChickLovesLOTR, Gamgee_fics, and Arc5's birthdays-late, but not forgotten. Beta by Aiwendiel. Guarding from Afar March 14, 1419 S.R. "What ails you, lass?" Tom Cotton demanded of his daughter. Rosie was shaking her head, her eyes troubled. "I don't rightly know, Dad." Jolly looked up from his porridge. "Her had a dream just afore she woke up, Dad. A dream about Sam." Tom looked back to his daughter. "Is that right, Rosie-lass?" he asked. Reluctantly, she nodded, looking back at her own porridge, which she'd been stirring but not eating. "Saw him standin' afore a dark arch, a sword in one hand and—and a shield of some kind in t'other. But 'tweren't like the pot lids we'd play at swords'n'shields with when we was little ones. 'Twas a shield of light—a bright, shinin' light such as I've never seen afore. No evil could pierce that shield of light and touch him. And the look in his eye-" She took a deep breath and released it as again she deliberately locked gazes with her father. "You've never seen such a look in the eyes o' Sam Gamgee, Dad, never in all his born days. There was—there was power there, power such as I've never seen in the eyes of none I've ever knowed. I wouldn't want t'be anyone as him had reason t'hate right then, not the way as he looked. He was angry, angry and frightened, though I don't think as him was scared for hisself. No, him was scared for someone other than hisself." Tom considered, and finally said quietly, "Scared for his Master, then." She nodded as she dropped her gaze again to her breakfast. "I'd say as that were so, Dad." The back door opened and young Tom and Nibs came in, Tom carrying a hay fork while Nibs was armed with one of the largest scythes they owned. They leaned the tools against the wall inside the door and hurried to stand over the stove, stripping fingerless gloves from their hands. Young Tom looked over his shoulder at his father. "You were right about them Big Men thinkin' t'come afore dawn, Dad," he said, his eyes still smoldering with resentment. "There was about ten of them, gatherin' together up the lane, like. Had clubs and knives, them did. They was plannin' to spread out, and come on the house from three sides. Only had one lit torch amongst them, but one carried a bunch of others, ready to pass'em out. Planned mebbe t' fire the barn or the house." "Or both," his father said. Nibs nodded his agreement. "They're not quite happy with us. After all, we've not let them take ever'thin' as they'd want, and them're afraid as we might get others to stand against them. And I suspect as they know as we're givin' food t'those as them are tryin' t'starve out, like the Gaffer'n'Marigold." Tom sighed. "You didn't hurt none of them, did you?" His oldest son shook his head. "Didn't have the chance to. Them was talkin' together, with one o' them tellin' the rest as to which way they was t'go once they was past the outer hedge. But suddenly they all stopped, and looked up. Thought as mayhaps you'd come out with a lantern, for suddenly we could see them clear as day. The biggest one, that one with the broke nose and the white scar on his lip, looked up, glarin', but then stopped, his eyes gone wide. There was like a light atween us'n'them, and them was all starin' at the light, and if they didn't all looked right spooked! The light grew brighter, and three of them lifted their hands as if them was shieldin' their eyes. The big one tried to bluff whatever 'twas as was facin' them, but was as if someone was givin' them orders as they didn't like but wouldn't challenge. I didn't hear nobody talkin' t'them, just the big'un talking back. 'Who are you?' him asks. 'Why should we do what you says?' "The light gets stronger, and all of'em was squintin' against it. 'We gots our orders!' the big'un says. But the light gets still brighter, and suddenly one of them little ones, the one with the bandy legs, squeals and shouts, 'I'm off!' and runs away. That started it, and of a sudden they's all runnin' off into the night, and the one with all the torches drops them right in the lane. We got them and have them stored in the feed shed now, once them Big Men was all gone. Eight torches and three clubs and two nasty lookin' knives. Them was comin' t'do us harm, I'll swear." The Cottons in the room all looked at one another, puzzled. "What could'a scared them off?" Jolly asked. "Don't know," young Tom said. "But even the big'un with the broke nose and the scar was scared almost to wettin' hisself, I'd say." Rosie suddenly shook her head, that odd smile she'd get on her face when she was thinking on her Sam clear to see. "It was Sam—Sam saved us!" she declared. "Him with that shinin' sword and even brighter shield in his hands! The ones as I dreamt of. Sam did it!" And nothing would sway her from her surety that somehow Sam Gamgee had managed to save the Cotton farm and family from the threat of Lotho's Big Men. (I) (I) (I) March 25, 1419 S.R. The Binbole Forest loomed even over the squad of eighteen Big Men, noted Otis Tunnely from his place among the ten Hobbits who'd been pressed into accompanying them. The small Man called Baldry was unloading the axes, mauls, saws, and splitters from the wagon, grumbling to himself that he got all the jobs that involved real work, but doing so softly enough to be ignored by the big one with the scar on his lip who was one of Lotho's most common lieutenants. The Hobbits hadn't wished to come at all. The last two weeks had been most uncomfortable. The seed sown in the fields had failed to spring, and there were no shoots in the gardens nor buds on shrubs or trees. The sky was dark and brown rather than merely grey, and although a wind from the southwest had partially cleared the air on the fifteenth, since then the unnaturally somber clouds had returned even more thickly, apparently driven from the southeast. Nor was the forest one most Hobbits freely visited. It didn't have the friendly feel to it one found in the far more open Woody End or in most woodlots, and the evergreen trees that predominated here didn't provide large enough sources of food to draw many Hobbits its way. "I don't understand as why we've got to cut the trees here down," Terence Banks complained. "It's too far here from anywheres there's one of them new mills as might need the wood for the boilers, and it's not handy for anyone as might want to sell the wood to anyone else for firewood or carpentry." Ted Sandyman spat loudly by Banks's feet. "It's 'cause of Baggins, can't ye see? Baggins loved t'come here on them walks as him was always doin'. Old Lotho, him's determined to ruin ever' place as Baggins ever cared for." "Plumb fool thing to do," muttered one of the Oatbarrows from the White Downs region, "to cut down the trees to ruin a place for someone as disappeared off into the blue the way Baggins done. Not even likely as him's still alive, lost out there in the outer world where nothin's sized for us Hobbits." The Big Man with the scarred mouth turned on the Hobbits. "Doesn't matter if you understand or not," he spat. "The Chief says as he wants it brought down, and the craban from the Boss what come two days agone says we're to do what the Chief wants. Doesn't seem t'like trees no more, the Boss doesn't. So, we're gonna take them down!" Exactly why the Man spoke of Lotho as if he were two different people Otis didn't understand, but he decided perhaps that was just as well. Instead he responded to the Big Man's jerk of the head by going back to the wagon and choosing one of the axes intended for Hobbits, and walking beside Terence Banks he headed for the forest. Only none of them got anywhere near the trees. None of them had ever seen anything such as they did now, as a figure began to manifest itself before them! Almost the—individual—was familiar, more familiar than any of the Big Men with them. The face was framed by dark hair in curls to the shoulders, but with no hint of any facial hair. The eyes were lit with flame, and the body robed in white light. On the ring finger of Its upraised right hand was a circle of living golden fire, and a crown of dark fire was growing upon Its brow. And It saw what they were prepared to do, and It objected. NO! YOU SHALL NOT DO THIS THING! There was madness there, growing in Its gaze as the figure looked down upon them, and It stretched up before them as if It were a pillar of flame, both pure white light and dark flames encircling It in an orb, almost as if they were looking at an Eye with the figure as the slit of Its cat-like iris! And the white light and the dark flames swirled around It as if they fought one another! The sheer power of the figure before them froze them to immobility, and axes, mauls, saws, and splitters fell from nerveless fingers. Suddenly there was a wind from the west so strong that it almost knocked them all flat, and the earth trembled under their feet. The trees before them bent before the onslaught of the wind, and there was a creaking and groaning of limbs such as none of them had ever heard before. Otis smelled urine, and he realized that Baldry, who was almost abreast of himself and Terence Banks, had wet himself in his terror. Several of the Big Men and a few of the Hobbits were gibbering in the extremes of their horror. Suddenly Baldry broke from his frozen state, and with a shriek of fear that was horrible to hear he began to run, and the rest of the Men followed his example. Baldry did not make it far—he tripped over a mattock dropped by one of his fellows; and the leader, with his twisted nose and the scar across his mouth, managed to pound right over the smaller Man as if Baldry were merely a stone to be run across, and at least three others followed him over Baldry's felled body. The Hobbits remained but a half an instant longer, petrified by the figure looming between themselves and the wood and the amazement they felt at seeing the fear of the Big Men to be more than even the Hobbits were experiencing. Suddenly the Hobbits scattered. In his last glimpse cast over his shoulder as he ran, Otis saw the figure at the center of the orb of dark and white light twisting and writhing as if It were struggling with Itself even as the trees behind It bent and shuddered in the wind, and that sight so added to his terror that he did not look back again! It had been midmorning when they approached the wood, and it was after nightfall before he realized he was a mere half mile from his own farm. Somehow in the blindness of his flight Otis Tunnely had managed to head for home! (I) (I) (I) Mid-February, 1420 One of the Big Men who had come from Dunland hid out with a few of his fellows who also had not come from Isengard in the caves and tunnels near Scary where months earlier Fredegar Bolger and his band of