With thanks to RiverOtter for the Beta The King's Commission Revelations It was long since, as Thorongil, a Captain of Gondor under the Lord Steward Ecthelion, he had last visited the home of the Prince of Dol Amroth. Of course, then the Prince had been Adrahil, and Imrahil had been simply his father's heir and brother to the beautiful Finduilas--and a trainee in his father's own forces. In the stress of the Battle of the Pelennor Fields Prince Imrahil had not appeared to recognize in the Heir of Elendil and Isildur the Captain who long ago had devised, with his father, the strategy by which the Corsairs of Umbar had been destroyed in their berths. Now as he rode south with Imrahil's troupes back to Dol Amroth, the King Elessar Telcontar was watching with amusement the Prince's confusion as he found himself dealing with a liege who appeared to know the road very well, and who did not feel it necessary to take two days longer in order to avoid the fording of the Gilrain at Casistir. "But, my Lord, for those who are unacquainted with the Ford the way can be treacherous." "And why do you assume I am unacquainted with the Ford, my Prince? Is it not yet maintained by the Lord's Corps of Engineers as it has been for the past three hundred seventy years?" "Why, yes, of course, Sire." "Have they changed the design of the Ford treads significantly in the past four decades?" Imrahil stopped his mount. Aragorn could almost see the unspoken questions forming in the man's mind. "No, the design is much as it has been for the past three centuries." "If it has not significantly changed, then there is no need for us to avoid it. All of my personal guard accompanying us were chosen because they are familiar with this road, having served alongside your own companies in the past." "That I realize, Sire. However, it is for your own safety I am concerned." "Roheryn has experience with far worse crossings in Eriador, and trusts me implicitly. He certainly will not balk at the Ford at Casistir as long as I ride or lead him across it. The Ford has certainly never been as dangerous as the Sarn Ford outside the Shire, or even the Ford of Bruinen in my experience. And, after we have crossed we can break at the Ford's Inn in Casistir, or whatever it might be called now. Is their ale still as good as it ever was? And do they still serve the best roast lamb in the Southlands?" At the expression on his host's face Aragorn had to stifle his mirth. He decided to add to the man's bewilderment just a bit more. "Certainly the last time I went this way with you we enjoyed a fine meal there, or didn't you remember? I remember how Endeth hovered over our table, uncertain whether to seek to entice your father's heir or the dashing Captain from the North..." Ah--there the pieces were starting to come together at last! Aragorn watched as the Prince's face reddened slightly and his jaw started to drop--and then closed with a start of new respect and self-deprecatory humor. Shaking his head, Imrahil searched his King's face closely, his mind finally superimposing a long-suppressed memory of a once-familiar visage over that of the man facing him now. Confused by his master's change in attitude, the Prince's gelding shifted uneasily, and unconsciously its rider reached forward to scratch its ears to calm it as his expression cleared. "But that was--how long ago? Almost fifty years?" He shifted slightly, then started to laugh. "I had forgotten Endeth--and had not thought of the significance of you being one of the Dúnedain until this moment, my Lord. "And this is how you choose to unveil yourself to me, my Lord Eagle? Do you realize just how much endless speculation was directed your way while you served the Lord Ecthelion, and how many were wagering my sister would find herself your bride one day? Not to mention the rumors that surrounded your sudden removal from the service of Gondor after the triumph in Umbar." "I indicated that I would return when Gondor needed me and was willing to accept my service again, did I not? And I did receive an urgent summons to the North, where my primary responsibilities lay at the time. My uncle, who had stood as Steward in my name among the Dúnedain of the North as I learned about my people and future allies and enemies in the South, had just been slain alongside several of his closest lieutenants in a battle with orcs which had been coming down the passes toward Imladris and our strongholds to the north of Eriador. Gondor was well served by the stewardship of the Lord Ecthelion, and I knew that if I remained longer I should inevitably come into conflict with the Lord Denethor once he became Steward. As my own folk were now endangered, and as we needed to establish a new chain of command for our Rangers, I had to leave at once." The Prince of Dol Amroth nodded, many questions being now answered. "What confrontation did you foresee with Denethor?" The King sighed. "Denethor felt his father cared more for the advice of the Captain Thorongil than for his own, that Ecthelion wished that I were his son instead of himself. Certainly he saw me as a competitor for his father's love, and for the love of our people--and for the love of your sister. Do you think he was unaware of the wagers over your sister becoming my wife? "As for the speculations focused on your sister and myself--I very much fear they were unfounded. I will not deny I found Finduilas highly attractive and reminiscent of my beloved bride--but the very fact she favored Arwen so much made it more unlikely I should ever actively pursue her, for each time I saw a detail in Finduilas's visage or stance or actions that brought my beloved to mind--well, it brought Arwen to mind, and it was her person I would see more clearly." "I see," said Imrahil. "You impressed her mightily, Lord; but I doubt she would have found you an acceptable match, for at the time your lineage was much in question; and as our father's daughter it was necessary she marry well to strengthen the ties of policy and lineage among our own people." To which the King nodded agreement. With no more questions about their route, they turned to the shorter road south. (I) (I) (I) Casistir was one of the settlements of Men which cause one to wish that such terms as village and town and city were better defined. It had long been a market town, but at the same time was sufficiently removed from the main trade routes to dictate that its market would be limited in scope and merchandise. There were too many who lived in it for it to be considered just a hamlet; but neither were there enough for it to be considered a city. Even town seemed a pretentious description at the same time village seemed woefully inadequate. But it was now beginning to grow. Aragorn found it both remarkably familiar and yet markedly changed since he last visited it. There was a new structure where the Ford's Inn had once stood--the old post-and-beam building had been replaced with a new stone inn of three stories with a sign proclaiming it to be The Crossed Keys. It looked to be at one and the same time more structurally sound and less comfortable than its predecessor. He examined it closely and the surrounding buildings, then asked if an investigation had been done of the fire that had destroyed the original building. The prince smiled to see the astuteness of his liege's observations, and explained that it had been found the brother-in-law of the previous owner had been attempting to avenge himself on a slight to his sister by setting fire to the kitchens area, a fire that spread remarkably rapidly. Many of his own troupes who had not been close enough to overhear the earlier conversation between their prince and their king found themselves wondering how their new ruler could have known about the event, while the king's own guard, who'd had the chance to learn about some of his more unusual sources of intelligence as well as his tendency to see details most others would ignore, found themselves spotting the tell-tale traces of scoured soot and cracked stone and new plaster work on adjacent structures while the stones of the new inn were pristine. Part of the old grazing common was covered with stacks of huge stone blocks. As the king contemplated this supply of both rough and dressed stone, the prince explained: "A new quarry for fine marble has been opened to the north of here, Sire, making Casistir one of the primary sources for the stone in the region. We are finding stone cutters, masons, and sculptors are being drawn here from all around to obtain stone for building and decoration, and right now there are at least five different parties focused on civic improvements in search of stone to assist in repairs of damage imposed by the Corsairs four years past. Casistir is beginning to grow rather suddenly as a result." Aragorn nodded, acknowledging the need for dressed stone for the area and how that need would fuel unprecedented growth here as a result. He'd held his throne now for four years, and that it would take so long for sufficient prosperity to grow in the region to allow the repairs for the damage inflicted by the war against Sauron to begin in earnest galled him, although he accepted that this was the way of the world. Even in Minas Anor there was serious reconstruction going on still, and it would continue thus for at least the next decade. In Eriador and the Shire the reconstruction was continuing to unfold, he knew, although the latest word from the Thain was that the major part of the rebuilding of homes and civic structures within the Shire, at least, appeared to be mostly finished. But throughout the rest of the Northlands the rebuilding would be the work of several generations. "How is the major portion of the stone being moved? There isn't sufficient depth of the Gilrain here to support barges. And the Fords would impede its movement eastward." As they moved toward the new inn the discussion of roads and a needed bridge to replace the ancient Fords went on apace. There was no barracks complex or lesser fortress in Casistir, and always the troupes of Dol Amroth as they passed through when taking the shorter way north or south had taken rooms at the two inns, officers usually at the Fords Inn and common soldiers at the Troll's Foot. The latter inn still stood, large and sprawling, on the far side of the market district. As the major part of their troupes were directed there, the King and Prince and their immediate officers and three guards each headed for the Crossed Keys. One of the King's habits that had impressed Prince Imrahil was that his Officer of the Privy Purse who accompanied the King's party was the one who entered the inns at times like this to obtain rooms, and he not only obtained a fair rate, but paid fees up front in the King's coin rather than with promissory notes, a practice which stimulated the economy while improving the relationship between the Crown and the people of Gondor. This Imrahil found a marked improvement over his late brother-in-law's policies. As the forces of Dol Amroth and emissaries of the Stewards had regularly used the inns in Casistir for generations, a certain number of secure rooms had been built into the facilities and were always available, although this would be