The Choice of Healing Waking He had been having trouble staying awake since the preceding spring. When approached about it, Lord Elrond had examined him briefly, and then sat down to talk with him with mixed amusement and mild grief. "It is only to be expected, little Master," the Elf had explained. "That which kept you from aging normally is gone. Yes, you have aged since you gave It up; but still you carried It long in the reckoning of mortals; and as long as It remained It would still have some effect, even at a distance. Even Gollum knew continued life, vigor, strength, and endurance after It came to you, and he sensed he would die only with Its destruction. "Your body is having to adjust, for now it is your own native vitality alone that sustains it, not power from afar. And, it is the nature of those in extreme old age among mortals to need more sleep ere the end." He was alarmed. "I don't wish to leave before he can come back. I must be here, my Lord. I must. It would destroy him to come to find he was too late. And then there is my vow to outlive the Old Took." The Lord of Imladris sighed. "It is foolish to make a vow one cannot fulfill voluntarily." He gave Bilbo a sharper look, and one corner of his mouth quirked just slightly. "Although there is the fact you are a mixture of Baggins, Took, and Brandybuck beyond reason, with the stubbornness and endurance of your kind. Perhaps your will may indeed bring you to it." His face suddenly became solemn as he added, "After all, look at what he managed to accomplish, and under greater duress than almost any mortal has ever suffered. I can think of few even among Elfkind who could have endured it." "That's why I must remain for him, Lord Elrond. I would not have him feel I gave up under so much less than he did. And I will not have him believe I either lost faith or abandoned him - not now. He still will have recovery to go through." The Elflord turned from him, leaned on the windowsill. "Yes, he will have recovery to go through-" and his voice dropped "-if he ever truly recovers." Bilbo had barely heard the last, for it was spoken in such low tones, and again the Hobbit was beginning to drift away. He startled awake, annoyed that it had caught him again. Yes, he realized, he had managed to drift away completely, for although the Elf Lord was still with him, he'd moved from his former position at the window, was kneeling before him, looking on him with that detached expression of examination he gave to his mortal guests. Seeing him awake again, Elrond rose. "I will do my best to aid you, Bilbo, but I can guarantee nothing. You are ancient even in the ways of your own kind. If you, a Hobbit, wish to live to the age of an elderly Dwarf, then you must accept that your body will need frequent sleep, or you will find the deeper sleep to come will take you." (I) (I) (I) Arwen had begun to help him pack for the trip to Minas Tirith, but at last, when he'd awakened for the tenth time in little more than twice that many minutes, he shook his head. "Leave off," he said with resignation. "Face it, my Lady, I am simply too old to go so far. If I even try, I will most likely fall off my pony before we get twenty leagues down the road to the Southlands and break this fool neck of mine. "If you are to make it in time for Midsummer, then you must leave me behind. Otherwise I will slow all down horribly, and then very probably won't make it after all. No, I hate to miss your bliss and that of the Dúnedan's, but if I am to see him again, it will be best if I remain here. I do not wish for him to see me arrive only to be placed in one of those stone tombs of theirs." He'd managed not to weep at the disappointment, but only just. She knelt to embrace him in comfort, and then he'd once again slipped into slumber. Not, of course, that slumbering in the arms of one of the two most beautiful of womankind in all of Middle Earth did not have its compensations. He again startled awake, looked up at her, his eyes twinkling at one of those strange, perverse thoughts that will cross an old being's mind at the most untoward times. "You had best let me go, my Lady Arwen, or I will be forced to confess to Aragorn that I slept with his wife before she came to his marriage bed." Shocked into laughter, she had settled him back into his chair, leaving him chuckling in the warmth and comfort of his room as she went to see about those of her own goods she would take to her marriage in Minas Tirith. (I) (I) (I) He'd been waiting for the word that they were coming, intended to go out to the great door to welcome them - to welcome him . He'd given strict orders for those who had lingered to care for the place to advise him of when they were within the Vale, and they'd followed through. He had risen and put his shawl about his shoulders, then found his legs trembling, and sat to let them recover before he tried for the door even of his room, much less the main entrance to the Last Homely House. He might as well have just admitted defeat then and laid himself decently in his bed to sleep, for slumber had claimed him after all. He awoke to find them about him, concern and shock at his appearance and increased frailty in their eyes, most strongly in his eyes. Oh, my dear, dear boy, he thought in grief, seeing the fear in Frodo's expression, I am trying so hard to be here, to be strong for you. Oh, my dear lad, my beloved son not born of my body - what have I done to you? For Frodo was not as he had been before. He was thin, not dangerously thin now, but still far too thin for a Hobbit, making his slenderness as a tween appear robust by comparison. His complexion, which had always been fair, was now that of porcelain, the pink of cheeks and lips from the exposure to the winds of autumn he'd known already paler than that of Merry, Pippin, or old Hamfast's lad, and that color was fast receding as the old Hobbit watched. His eyes were deeply shadowed, and lines of pain were visible on his face, lines, Bilbo realized, he'd successfully hide before the others if he felt they were looking for them. Bilbo had found himself, since leaving the Shire, still reaching into his pocket to fiddle with It. Finally he had consulted the Lord Glorfindel as to what to do, and the Elven Lord had suggested he find something else, something that pleased him and reminded him of the Light, to carry there in Its place. In his early days in the Vale he'd often gone down to walk along the River Bruinen, to marvel at the many waterfalls that fed the stream, and had picked up oddments that caught his eye. One day a flash of light under the rushing waters of the Ford caught his attention, and he'd waded in to seek out its source, had drawn out a pebble of clear quartz crystal, polished by ages in the stream of the Bruinen, and had taken that for a worry piece in place of It. He would find his fingers seeking It, and would find the pebble instead, and it would soothe him, relieve him of the hunger -the hunger for It. He'd been shocked after Frodo's awakening last fall to see him doing the same, reaching for his pocket. However, that did not continue. The Ring had been placed on a strong silver chain and hung about the younger Hobbit's neck while he was still ill. They had tried to keep It from him, but realized this caused marked distress, even when he was so near deathor wraithdom, or whatever one called such a state as he'd been entering. At first, even when unconscious, he'd kept reaching for It, looking for the pocket that was not there. When he was too weak to move he would still keen for It. Lord Elrond had been highly concerned as to what It was doing to him, how It might be augmenting the effects of the splinter still deep in his shoulder, but at last he'd given in to Gandalf's advice, had had the chain forged, surrounded by as strong of Elvish protections as was possible to try to isolate the Ring's evil. Oh, at first on his awakening Frodo had reached for his pocket; but within a few days he had stopped that, had begun fiddling with the buttons of his shirt's placket instead. The spells placed on the chain appeared to allow him some relief - at least at first - from the Ring's draw, sufficient that buttons replaced It between his fingers. But Elrond had admitted to Gandalf, Aragorn, and Bilbo himself that in time, as Its fell master called more strongly and as Its will continued to waken and respond to that call, he would again seek It out, need to touch It with his hand, need that awareness of Its physical presence. Now the Ring was gone, yet Frodo still reached to his chest, where It had lain for so long, wakened and seeking to ravish his very soul. But just as Bilbo still found his pebble, Frodo now found the Evenstar gem, a healing gem gifted to the Lady Arwen at her birth by the Lords of Gondolin, and now given to Frodo for his easing. Few others save Gandalf and Elrond appeared to note how often that jewel was between Frodo's fingers, but Bilbo could see it. He was not always dozing as he sat with his eyes nearly shut, after all. Merry, Pippin, and Samwise might think his wits were beginning to wander in his extreme old age, but this was not true. Bilbo remained as intelligent as ever, although it took far longer for a decent thought to make it through the still sharp mind than it used to do, particularly as the constant slumbering continually interrupted the flow of his thoughts. But he could see what Merry, Pippin, and Sam could not see - Frodo was still in deep distress. Nor would he willingly let them know this. Bilbo found himself watching Frodo with understanding. Frodo had been like that when he came from Brandy Hall, refusing to allow anyone else to see his frustrations or anger or grief or pain. Call it pride or the display of an extraordinarily private nature or unwillingness to burden others with his problems - it all came to the same thing - Frodo Baggins for the most part refused to allow others to see him as anything other than capable, cheerful, self-contained. Self-contained my eye, the old Hobbit thought. The fact was that for all the Tookish interest in the outer world and the Brandybuck competence he carried, Frodo had the full measure of his Baggins heritage of stubborn clinging to appearances; and never willingly would Frodo Baggins appear less than what he believed was expected of him. And, although he no longer cared for the opinions of such as Lobelia Sackville-Baggins, he did care for those of his friends. They so deeply desired for him to be well, to be recovered, to be himself again, and Frodo was bound and determined to give