For Dreamflower, Tari, and Leianora for their birthdays, and in memory of Violet. Following the Fellowship from Afar Bilbo followed Elrond as he entered one of his workrooms, the Hobbit ignoring the generally respected privacy ordinarily offered the Lord of Imladris when he took refuge within the room. Elrond walked to a table on which sat nine bottles, each apparently filled with water, and set the tray he carried down to the right of the line. "And what are you going to do with those hairs?" Bilbo asked. Elrond lifted his head briefly to examine his companion. "And why did you follow me here?" Bilbo indicated the tray. "I saw you take those hairs from Frodo's head and put them with that cleansing cloth with which you wiped away his blood when you probed his shoulder. I know that you have hairs here from each of the others who will go with Frodo upon the quest. Frodo is my beloved ward and heir, Merry and Pippin are my kin, and Sam is the son of my honored gardener. Gandalf is my friend, as is the Dúnadan. Gimli is the son of my companion Glóin, and I used to steal Prince Legolas's honeycakes off his trays when I was caught within his father's stronghold. The only one I don't feel I know is the Gondorian, Boromir. Still, I feel responsible for all of them as none of them would be preparing to leave the valley as they do were it not for that ring I brought away from Gollum's lake. If you are preparing to do a working that will offer them protection I wish to help as I can." Elrond found himself smiling. "We have wrought runes of protection into the silken shirts and inner linings of the cloaks each of them wears, and into the insoles of the boots worn by those who wear such things and the braces worn by the Hobbits. What I seek to do now is not so much to offer additional protection as it is to allow us to judge the wellbeing of each member of the Fellowship from afar. We will not be able to follow the movements of the party—that is part of the purpose wrought into the runes of protection, to make them, as much as is possible, invisible to the eyes or spells of others. But with these phials we should be able to know if any of the nine Walkers is seriously ill, injured, or in particular danger." "Even though we can do nothing from here to aid them?" asked Bilbo. "We will be able to offer prayers for whosoever is in danger," Elrond countered. "Do not underestimate the power for good inherent in prayers to the Powers and the One, as well as the strength that can be shared with them even from afar as a result of our continued love and caring." Bilbo pondered the peredhel's words thoughtfully as Elrond prepared his materials and the hairs he had brought obtained from each member of the Fellowship. He soon saw that there were cloths associated with each of the Walkers as well as hairs, and for each race a different substance. One of the phials apparently had known use before, and by this one was laid a longer dark hair, a thread of some sort, and a thin sliver of wood. By another was set a shorter dark hair, one of the cloths such as the one that had been used to wipe the blood from Frodo's shoulder only less stained, and what appeared to be a similar sliver, but this time of white stone. "The Dúnadan and Boromir?" Bilbo guessed. Elrond smiled. "You are most astute, mellon nín, " he responded. He contemplated the sliver of wood. "This came from the ship on which Elendil sailed as the Faithful returned to Middle Earth. The stone is from a shard of marble Estel brought with him from the walls of Minas Tirith, the city in which Boromir was born and of which he is the Warden. Last week Peregrin managed to nick one of Boromir's fingers as they sparred, and so I managed to obtain some blood on one of the cloths used in cleansing wounds." "And this thread?" Bilbo asked. Elrond's expression grew rueful as he looked upon it. "Too many times over the years have I needed to stitch up wounds endured by my beloved fosterling, not because he was ever of a reckless nature, but simply because one who fights against the Enemy's creatures as he has all of his life must suffer wounds from time to time. I have retained some of those threads to use in such works." "So, this is not the first time you have filled a phial for Aragorn, then?" "Indeed," came the reply. Bilbo wasn't surprised to see four curly hairs ranging from auburn to so dark a brown as to be nearly black set one by each of four of the phials, each with a grain of dirt and another of wheat beside it. It was no difficult feat for him to identify them. "Pippin, Sam, Merry, and Frodo," he said, no question in his voice. "And how did you get even a drop of blood from Sam?" Elrond smiled with satisfaction. "He assisted in the pruning of the roses in the garden, and managed to prick his finger. I brought away his handkerchief with which he bound up the finger until the bleeding stopped, informing him I would see it laundered, and Arwen provided a replacement for it instead." Bilbo peered up sideways at his patron. "And for Merry and Pippin—I know each of them has managed to suffer minor cuts during weapons practice, much as happened with Boromir." "Even so." It was no trick to recognize a long golden hair taken from the head of Legolas of Mirkwood or the coarser ginger hair that came from Gimli the Dwarf. Elrond set the former by one of the phials along with what appeared to be a piece of bark. "Legolas agreed to allow such a phial as this to be prepared to be taken by his companions back to his father, so I merely made certain that I took two hairs rather than one, and the same sample of blood will do for both phials. Gimli, during the preparation for the reforging of the shards of Narsil, had added a few drops of his own blood to the barrel of oil in which the renewed blade was to be tempered, and I kept the cloth with which he staunched the cut afterwards. And the grey stone shard is taken from a small crucible one of the Dwarves of Erebor wrought for Mithrandir for his used in creating fireworks. Realizing I would wish to do such a working as this, the Wizard freely gave me two shards, as well as a sample of his own blood and one of his own hairs. The two shards shall work equally well for the Wizard and the Dwarf. And the bark I brought away from Mirkwood some yeni past." Bilbo asked, "The soil and wheat?" "That wheat plant you brought away from the Shire with you—do you not think it would provide me with what I would need?" The Hobbit's face glowed with satisfaction as he understood how the Lord of Rivendell had come by his elements. "The water that fills the phials is from the Brúinen, which each of the members of the Fellowship has crossed at the Ford. And the glass of the phials is from sand brought from Mithlond, and so has been blessed both by Aulë and by Ulmo, as well as by the Lady Yavanna. I work now by the sunset light of Arien, which will give way in time to the light of Elbereth's stars and Tilion's glow. And as you are kin to three of the members of the Fellowship and were patron to a fourth as well as friend to Gandalf, Aragorn, and Gimli's father, not to mention your past devilment of Legolas, I would rejoice to have you by me, if you think you can stay awake during much of the night." There was a knock at the door, and at a word from Elrond Gandalf entered, followed by Glorfindel. The door was closed and sealed, and a circle drawn about the table by the Wizard using the point of Glamdring, wrought so long ago in Gondolin. Bilbo was set to the west of the circle, Glorfindel stood to the north, Elrond to the east, and Gandalf to the south, and after a few moments spent by the participants in centering themselves the work was begun. When it was done, at midnight with the full Moon shining down through the skylight above the table, the room was further illuminated by light emitted by each of the phials. Two shone as bright as mithril, Aragorn's pulsing steadily and slowly, the other associated with Frodo more quickly. The phial holding Sam's hair was an unexpected gold, while those of Merry and Pippin were each a different shade of green. That of Legolas was a steady golden green similar to the color of a linden tree's leaf, while that of Gimli was the clear glint of light reflected by blue steel. Boromir's was red as blood, while that of the Wizard- It shone like the flame of a torch, with a decided edge of blue such as if often seen at a flame's tip. Glorfindel blotted out the circle once the working was done. "Those of the mortals pulse, while that of Legolas is true and steady. But yours, Gandalf-" Bilbo's voice faltered as he peered up with uncertainty at the Wizard. The light in the final phial flickered, also as does a flame. (I) (I) (I) Each phial now was fitted with a stopper of ground glass bound into place with fine strands of mithril wire. Only after the Fellowship left the valley at last were the phials brought out and set up along the mantel of the fireplace in Elrond's private dining room. Bilbo ate more regularly with Elrond and his family, later with Elrond and Arwen, Glorfindel, Lindir, and Erestor once the twins left to go south with the Grey Company to fight in the final battles against Sauron. Each time he entered the room he paused, as all seemed to do, to check the light given off by each of those nine bottles. The red light from the phial of Boromir varied most in color, from a clear, purposeful red to a darker color. "The Ring works at him?" Bilbo hazarded. Elrond's mouth was set grimly as he nodded his agreement with the Hobbit's assessment of the situation regarding the Gondorian. Then, as they entered the room for luncheon one day about three weeks after the departure of the Fellowship, all noted that the phial associated with Frodo barely gave forth any light at all for a time, although it soon resumed its usual brightness, then surpassed it. The lights of all the phials were now brighter and pulsed far more quickly. The meal was all but forgotten as they watched the phials, only Bilbo eating anything as he anxiously watched the four bottles associated with his fellow Hobbits in particular. "What kind of danger assails them?" he demanded, but the others within the room merely shook their heads, for none could say. The only certain thing was that all were threatened equally. Until…. The torchlight that illuminated the phial associated with the Wizard suddenly flared brilliantly, and the lights in the other phials seemed almost to dim by comparison. Bilbo had to shield his eyes against it, so brilliant was it now. It suddenly brightened even more as if in triumph—and then its colors went white and blue as if in a shock of surprise while the lights of the others grew brighter, not with power, but apparently in dismay.