Fostering Loss and Shirefolk He sat already at table when she entered the dining hall for the morning meal, a small figure lifted up upon cushions, devoting himself to his breakfast with both pleasure and considerable focus. Gilraen had not seen him or his companions the previous day on their arrival--she had been nursing Estel, who was suffering from a head cold, and the two of them had eaten in their rooms. Estel hated being amongst the Elves when he felt sick, was terribly embarrassed at being reduced to coughing and sneezing uncontrollably. That he exiled himself when ill caused his foster father to sigh, but also to experience a degree of pride that Estel would show such sense. Elrond had sent appropriate draughts to Estel's room, and had come to check on him last night after seeing the Dwarves and the Hobbit to their beds before going off to the library for the rest of the night to study on the known history of Smaug ere he came to the Lonely Mountain. Gilraen was easier for her son this morning, and found herself curious about the small creature applying itself so single-mindedly to its morning meal. She filled her own breakfast plate from the dishes that sat on the sideboard, picked up eating implements, and found a place opposite him, looked into his face. There was no question of this being a child, once one saw its face, in spite of its beardless condition. The face was lightly lined, the eyes intelligent, the mouth given to smiles and, she suspected, considerable humor. There were signs, she saw, that he'd been somewhat discontented, but was not so at the moment, at least. As he ate, he was looking at her with the same curiosity she felt toward him, although she sensed that he would not exercise it until he'd seen to the filling of his belly. Considering that he'd been working on that project for some time before she arrived, however, it didn't take too terrifically long before he wiped his mouth carefully with his napkin and focused his full attention on her. "Bilbo Baggins, at your service," he finally said politely, and she realized that had he been in a position to easily stand and then sit again without the need to deal with so many cushions he would have given her a profound bow. "Welcome, Master Bilbo Baggins," she said in return. "I am Gilraen." "But you are not an Elf," he said, his examination obviously well informed. "No, although my people bear some Elvish blood. My people are called the Dúnedain, and we here in the North have ever been welcome to sojourn amongst the Elves of Rivendell." "Dúnedain?" he said with interest. "We are descended from the Men of the West." He straightened with even more interest. "The West? You mean Númenor? There was indeed a Númenor?" She felt her own interest in him deepen. "You have heard of Númenor yourself? I am amazed." He laughed. "I was an only child and grandson of the Old Took himself, and when visiting in the Great Smial when I was but a small lad I would read as much as I could from his library. Grandfather Gerontius himself was pleased to see how much curiosity I showed toward the outer world, and gave me a great many books over the years, including some of those he'd received from Gandalf and the Lord Elrond, and would even tell me tales of them when I was younger. I used to dream of having adventures when I was a child, although as a Baggins had I ever done so I'd have been looked on as a terrible aberration. Undoubtedly once I return home I shall be shunned horribly for having had the temerity to go off and do something so extraordinarily uncomfortable. I can barely believe, much of the time, that I'm actually doing this, you know." He appeared to be of early middle years, his grey-green eyes bright and alert as he watched the others in the room with interest. "Where are your companions?" she asked. "Having a bit of a lie in, I suspect. The Elves who met us were teasing them unmercifully as we arrived, and spent much of the night singing songs full of 'Tra-la-la-lally' and so on outside our windows. Thorin was most disgruntled, I think." "I suspect that Elladan and Elrohir were in the midst of the singing. They are not as accepting of our Dwarven visitors as their father is. Their mother grew up in Lothlorien, and they absorbed the distrust the Elves of that place have of the children of Aüle. They aren't as dismissive of Dwarves as are the Elves of Lorien, but do seem to find them apt targets for teasing." "Then Lothlorien is a real place?" "Of course," she answered him. "Extraordinary," he said with a satisfied smile, taking a final forkful of food from his plate as he filed this information away in his mind. "The Golden Wood is a real place." "Yes--the Lord Elrond's daughter dwells there now with her grandmother and grandfather." His head rose with interest. "Lord Elrond has a daughter as well as sons?" he asked. "I had no idea." "The Lady Arwen is very beautiful, though I've not seen her for many years--not since before I married my husband." "Your husband visits here as well as you?" "Oh, no--he died many years ago." He appeared to note the grief that still filled her when she thought on her lost lord, and tactfully remained quiet. Finally she asked, "Did you leave your wife at home alone when you set off with the Dwarves?" "Oh, no, I have no wife. Once I might have married, but the one lass I favored died as the result of an accident, and I have simply never met her like again. And the thought I might marry a lass with no interest in books or the outer world has ever given me the shivers. The closest I've seen to one I might have favored since is Primula Brandybuck, and she's not even of age, after all. Far too young for the likes of me, I fear." "I'm surprised, for I'd not thought that Hobbits tended to remain unmarried." "Perhaps I was already more of an aberration as a Baggins than I'd realized," he said with a shrug, "remaining a bachelor as I have. I assure you it is not considered normal among my people." He sipped the last of his juice. "I will have a great deal to answer for when I return home, I suspect." He looked down on his plate, then back up at her. "Where shall I place my dishes? Would they wish me to help in the washing up?" She pointed out the cart set to receive used dishes and assured him that his short stature would serve him ill in the pantries where dishes were cleaned; and assured he had done as much as he could to earn the hospitality granted him, he nodded with relief, rose, and bowed deeply toward her, then slipped off. (I) (I) (I) She saw Bilbo Baggins next in the gardens, examining the plantings of flowers and herbs there. He smiled up at her. "Hamfast would love it here," he said with interest. She saw that he carried bread wrapped about a slice of roast beef and onions with him, and was nibbling on it as he walked about. A mug sat nearby on a bench, and he returned to it, sipped from it, set it back down, then walked on to look at more. "Who is Hamfast?" she asked. "My gardener's apprentice. I suspect Hamfast will take over when his uncle Holman gives up gardening completely and retires. Absolutely devoted to gardening, although he also has a profound love of growing root vegetables as well as flowers. He's a fine lad, Hamfast is." "Are you sorry you came away from your home, Master Bilbo?" "Sorry? Oh, I've definitely been sorry a time or two, and undoubtedly will be sorry again before I return home to Bag End. But I'm not the least sorry at the moment. How could I feel sorry about being here, in this beautiful place, surrounded by Elves, and such a lovely one as yourself, my Lady?" Gilraen felt more flattered than she'd felt in years. "And what is your home like, Master Bilbo?" "Ah, Bag End! It is very comfortable, you know. My father dug it into the Hill when he contemplated marrying my mum. She was the Old Took's daughter, and grew up in the Great Smial. My dad wanted her to live in the most beautiful hole in the whole of the Shire, so he planned it all for her and the family they hoped to have. But in the end they had only me, although for a time some of my cousins lived with us as well after Fosco and Ruby died." Gilraen found that Hobbits could wax quite lyrical when they described their homes, although she sensed Bilbo was not exaggerating the beauty or comfort of his Bag End. When he described the library in his study, she was amazed. "You have so many? I'd been told the Halflings were not particularly fond of books and learning." He shrugged. "What can I say? I'm the grandson of the Old Took himself, and I appear to have inherited more Tookish curiosity than is normal amongst Hobbits. I've always loved a good tale--but always felt adventure is best experienced there in the comfort of ones chair, sitting by the warmth of the parlor or study fire." He shrugged. "I can't believe I left home to go on an adventure like this. What in Middle Earth got into me?" He sighed. "I could always blame it on Gandalf, I suppose, but in the end it was my own pride that got me out of the Shire. I couldn't bear it when the Dwarves said I looked more like a grocer than a burglar. After Gandalf had been telling them how intelligent I was and all, I had to do something to prove him right and the Dwarves wrong." He laughed. "It would be a fine joke, wouldn't it, if my pride cost me my life?" Gently he caressed the white blossom of an Elven lily, his face growing solemn. Yet he didn't appear frightened. (I) (I) (I) That night she had a dream of her children--her son Aragorn, known here as Estel, and the two who had been lost to her. At first after Lord Elrond had brought them here she'd dreamt of them often, knowing the grief again and again of the loss of the two babes she'd borne and miscarried, knowing that they had shared with their living brother the hope for Middle Earth. How it was that their share of that hope would come to be now that their lives were lost before they were even born she had no idea. Elrond had spoken of them being born elsewhere, in other lands, to other parents. But how could that happen? A shining face looked down on her, smiling gently, wiping away her tears. "Do not worry, beloved daughter," a voice spoke in her heart. "They will be born." "But not to me!" "No, daughter, not to you--not now. That time has past, that possibility is gone. Others must bear them now, others see them born, raised, brought to the point of the promise." "Sauron will never let them live if he knows they are born." "Then we will see to it that they will be born where he will not look, raised where he cannot expect--not until it is too late." "But then they will not know the full heritage of our people, either as the Dúnedain or the descendants of Elros. What will one born to those not of the Dúnedain know of that heritage?" The shining One smiled down