Shall we dance? On a bright cloud of music shall we fly? Shall we dance? Shall we then say good night and mean goodbye? Or perchance, when the last little star has left the sky, shall we still be together with our arms about each other.... from The King and I by Rodgers and Hammerstein Or perchance, when the last little star ... Mettarë Ball in Dol Amroth Mettarë, eleven years before the death of the last Ruling Steward of Gondor and the return of the King Lynessë of Pinnath Gelin peered into the chamber given her parents for their stay in Dol Amroth and asked, "Naneth, have you seen my ball gown? I was certain I packed it...." Her mother waved her hand negligently. "Your blue one? Oh, but dear heart--I took that out of your things. You could not wear that again, you know--you wore it three months ago at----" "But who would even remember it, if they saw it?" Lynessë's heart fell, for if her mother had removed the blue gown, that left only.... She closed her eyes in frustration and shuddered. "You intend I must wear the silver one, then." It was less a question than an accusation. "But you look so well in it!" her mother returned blithely. "It so shows off your beauty!" "It is the most uncomfortable gown I have ever owned! How am I to dance in that--that horror? Why did you insist on bringing it?" Endorë, sister to the Lord of Pinnath Gelin, took her daughter by the shoulder and drew her into the room, giving a swift look to make certain no one, not even the least of servants, was lingering in the hallway where they might overhear before shutting the door decidedly behind her daughter. "Now listen, Lynnessë," she said in a determined whisper. "You are now of marriageable age, and I am determined to see you marry well. We are not so well off, your father and I, that we can offer a large enough dowry to attract a suitor of such high estate as we believe you deserve. Therefore we must beguile them! You are lovely--so much more lovely than I ever was. All it will take will be for one of high rank to see that loveliness as your father and I do, and the lack of suitable dowry will mean nothing. And you have heard your uncle bemoaning that he must provide dowries for all five of his daughters--he has made it all too plain to me he will not do so for you, too." She leaned forward to breathe directly into her daughter's ear, "And the Steward himself is here--and with his whole household! Do you realize what that could mean? To attract the eyes of the Steward or either of his sons?" She straightened and looked her daughter in the eye. "You could end up the Lady of Gondor, my sweet one!" Lynessë considered her mother with horror. "You would see me perhaps attracting the attention of Lord Denethor himself? But Naneth--he is older even than you or Adar! He barely smiles, and if he has a sense of humor I have certainly heard no tales of it!" But Endorë was shaking her head decidedly. "I doubt, actually, any will again draw his heart, for in him the Dúnedain blood runs strongly, and such do not love more than once, or so it is said. But both Lord Boromir and Lord Faramir are here, and there has never been word either had settled his attentions on any one man's daughter." She frowned at the growing upset on her daughter's face, and placed her extended index finger on the neck of her daughter's dress. "Your adar and I went to great lengths to be included in the party to attend on your uncle when he came here to Dol Amroth to join the Mettarë celebrations, and now it is up to you to play your part. And there are certain things you shall not do--you shall not sit in your bedchamber and refuse to attend the ball; you shall not attend and sulk and refuse the attentions of any who approaches you; you shall not claim discomfort in your leg and refuse to dance as you did at the wedding feast of your cousin Erolieth. Do you understand?" "Even if it is that lecherous Lord Tervain from Langstrand who approaches me, Naneth?" Lynessë shot back. "You would see our house allied with his when he played his last lady false and drove her to an early grave?" She was shaking her head and fairly shaking throughout with suppressed fury. "Not even should the Lord Steward himself order me to do so would I accept such as he!" "But my beloved daughter, no one is asking that you should accept someone whom you could not love...." "But I must not beg off any who asks me to partner him?" The young woman's anger was so intense it caused her mother to take a half step backward. "It's not that----" "But you just told me I must not refuse the attentions of any who approaches me, and I saw Lord Tervain entering the keep here as we arrived. I tell you, Naneth--I will not dance with him, or anyone with similar tendencies." It was difficult for Endorë to know what she could say that could not be seen as capitulating to her child, although in her heart she knew that Lynessë had reason to fear the attentions of Tervain. The man was a rake--there was no question of that! At last she took a deep breath. "All the more need, then, my dear one, to appear at your most alluring, and draw to your side one whose honor is not in question. Lord Boromir would be a most satisfactory catch, you know." "Lord Boromir? But he cannot speak of anything but weapons and battles and horses! I would have nothing in common with him!" "You need nothing in common with a man when he is so rarely in his own home due to his responsibilities to the realm, my love." Why could her daughter not be reasonable? wondered Endorë. "With him gone so often you could order the house as you please and fear little if any interference in the raising of your children." It was such a simple, obvious arrangement. "And I will remind you, if you are so desirous of a marriage in which you can admire the intellect of your husband, that Lord Faramir is also unwed and you might do well to put yourself in his way." Lynessë threw up her hands in frustration. "Now I am to entice a man to me with naught but feminine wiles, am I?" Endorë stood back slightly, folding her arms across her ample bosom. "All the more reason to wear the silver gown. It shows you off so well!" Unable to bear it another moment, Lynessë stormed to the door and threw it open. She half turned toward her mother, but unable to find the proper words to fully express her outrage she just shook her head and went out, returning in a welter of upset to her own chamber. Tersiel, the maid who'd accompanied the family, looked up in question. "It's no good--Naneth removed the blue gown from my luggage herself. She is so intent to see me tricked out in that--that travesty!" Lynessë waved her hand at the offending garment where it lay across the bed. "It does become you," Tersiel suggested tentatively. "And what good does it do to become me if I cannot breathe while I wear it?" Lynessë demanded. "It is so tight!" "To appear beautiful is oft times painful," Tersiel said philosophically as she lifted the dress and examined it. She sighed. "There is simply not enough fabric to let it out sufficiently to be fully comfortable, or I should do that, at least, for you. Come--the ball is to begin in less than a mark, and there is yet your hair to dress." Seeing no other way out of this, Lynessë finally allowed the maid to assist her out of her riding dress. Already the basin of hot water Tersiel had brought before the encounter with her mother had gone tepid, she knew. It would be an uncomfortable sponge bath she would now have. ******* She held to the bedpost, her face pale with discomfort. "You must draw it tight this time, or be done and I shall retreat to my bed and plead indisposition," Lynessë directed Tersiel. "I cannot bear more than one more try." The maid nodded her understanding. "Then take in as deep a breath as you can, my lady, and I shall be as quick about it as is possible. Ready? Now!" So saying, she drew the laces on the right side of the dress as tight as they would go, managing this time to get them tied before her young mistress moved enough to leave them loosened. "There!" she said. "It is done!" "At last!" Lynessë gasped, "Although I cannot bend my waist, I fear. Ah--how am I to converse with anyone when it is all I can do to take a breath?" Tersiel gave her a wan smile. "Here--sit and I shall do the last needed for your hair." But sitting proved equally difficult, and she could not even properly bend over to allow Tersiel to do the top of her head. At last Tersiel stepped back. "That is all that I can do for you, Mistress. This must be enough. Had your mother allowed you the other gown there would be so much more scope. Although this one does certainly show off your shape well." "As if," Lynessë commented bitterly, "that were the only aspect of a woman that were worthy of consideration. But my mother appears to believe that no man will consider me if I am not shown off like a prize cow." She looked at her maid with envy. "At least you do not need to do this to maintain your position, and your Beldorn would love you no matter what." Tersiel colored, but was beaming as she ran a brush over the dress. "We are to wed in the spring, my lady. Your father has promised to see us bound." "I will look forward to that time," Lynessë said quietly. At that moment there was a knock at the door, and at a nod from her mistress Tersiel went to the door to open it, admitting Lynessë's father and Lord Elstror of Pinnath Gelin, Endorë's brother. She curtseyed deeply. "My lord, Captain Telorin. Mistress Lynessë will be ready in a moment." Telorin had been younger brother to a lesser lord in Anórien before he joined the Guard of the Citadel where he'd risen to the rank of Captain, finally marrying Lord Elstror's younger sister and leaving the Guards to settle with his wife in Pinnath Gelin. He examined his daughter with interest. "I thought you were planning on wearing your blue dress, my dear one. What happened?" "Naneth happened," she responded with some bitterness. "She says she took it out of my things herself, and has left me having to wear this one." "I must say," her uncle said with appreciation, "that it is most becoming. Perhaps it is not so bad a choice...." "Perhaps since you are not required to wear it, Uncle," she interrupted him. "It is the most uncomfortable garment it has been my misfortune to wear!" Tersiel meanwhile had brought out a silver shawl. "Here, Mistress, you should wear this--the passageways are rather chilly at the moment, you know." Lord Elstror took it from the maid. "Thank you, child. I shall help my niece with this. Come, Lynessë--your maid is correct about the state of the hallways, although as crowded as the hall is likely to be it should not be cool there. And if you will allow me to serve as your