For RS9, Rhyselle, Kara's Aunty, Elveses, and Inzilbeth for their birthdays. It's taken time to get it written, but at last it is finished and I hope that it is welcome! Beta by Certh. Recognition "Morgil! Morgil! You've come!" He looked up at the call of the name his visitor had given him. A young Man was running his way, a bright grin upon his face as he leapt over the saw grass and tangled sea heather to run out upon the dunes. The one addressed as Morgil smiled in return, but who could resist that expression on the youth's face? He'd camped near here now each summer for some years, ever since he'd watched one of the grey ships crafted yonder at the end of the Firth sail away carrying the Ring-bearers. Then he had watched in awe and grief as that strange, small being standing between Elrond and Galadriel had held aloft the tantalizing light of the last Silmaril caught within a phial of water to reassure his friends that he would be well, no matter how far away he might be going. He who now went by the name of Morgil had stood upon the hillside there above his current place upon the beach, watching and singing, adding his own songs to those of wind and water, speeding the ship upon its way, even though what remained within him of the vow that had brought him away from the lands to which the ship bore its passengers had been violently urging him to swim out and swarm up the anchor rope and to take that phial by force. Afterwards he had sat upon the hillside for five days, taking no food or water or rest, until a red-headed child found him there and shared with him his water bottle and his lunch of bread and cheese and dried fruit, coaxing him back to life and awareness with his gentle concern and sheer tenacity. It was the boy who had first called him "Dark Star," and Maglor had been able to think of no reason to refuse the epess ë . In return he had called the child Russandol, a name he'd not used for another for two Ages of the Sun. The boy reminded him of his brother Maitimo as they'd been as children in Tirion, so caring and always smiling and cheerful. Russandol's family dwelt on the edges of the village that the Dúnedain had built north of the Firth of Lhûn and somewhat west of Círdan's Mithlond, a village mostly of fisher folk with a scattering of those who kept sheep and provided the rest with what foodstuff they did not wrest from the Sea. Russandol's father worked his small farm with the aid of his wife, three daughters, and six sons, of whom Russandol was the youngest. The boy was the one sent most often to watch after the family's flock of sheep as it fed upon the hillsides above the village, and so it had fallen to him to find and tend the stricken Elf. "What is it that has you running so today, Russandol?" he called as the youth approached him. "We are to go to Annúminas tomorrow! Our Lord Aragorn is returning north at long last, now that the city is built and ready to receive him! My father insists on being there when he comes, for he remembers well the days when he was one of Lord Aragorn's Rangers, before he was injured and lost an eye to raiders from Dunland. All of those who served regularly with the Rangers are planning to gather there to welcome him and his family! We will see him and the Lady Arwen and their children. Please say that you will come with us, Morgil! Please come! It will be a celebration such as those of us dwelling in Eriador have not known for over a thousand years, since Arvedui Last-king disappeared into the far north and perished in the Bay of Forochel! Please come with us!" Come with them, amidst those who would undoubtedly crowd the rebuilt capitol of Arnor to see the first coming of their King in over a millennium? Could he bear being amongst so many people? Could he bear seeing the mortal descendant of his own former fosterling, or the child of that one's brother who now bore the title of Queen? Russandol was still urging him. "Please come! You won't be the only Elf there, either, for Círdan himself has said that he will go to give Lord Aragorn honor, and many will be there from Rivendell alongside Lord Celeborn and his grandsons. And it is said that Lord Glorinlas of the wandering tribes shall come from Lindor as well." That was no recommendation. Maglor did not seek out those of his own kind, and did not wish to be recognized by his cousin's husband or Círdan. "I am not certain, Russandol," he said. "I am no Man to bow down to your King, and have ever dwelt alone since the last of my own family fell in the great battles." The young Man shrugged. "Then perhaps it is past time for you to find fellowship with your own people," he suggested. "It is not good to dwell apart from others for so very long, you know. It is over three thousand years since the Last Alliance, and few enough of your people remain here in Middle Earth any more. Surely you, too, should be looking at taking one of Lord Círdan's ships westward one day? It grieves me to think of you remaining here in the Mortal Lands until you at last fade! But even if you should choose not to seek fellowship with those of your own who will be there, still this is an event you should not miss, to see the King at last returned to the North where he was born! Please, come with us! My father suggested that I invite you to travel with us in thanks for the aid you have given us over the past decade and a half." (I) (I) (I) In the end he was persuaded, and on the following morning was at the gate to the farm when Russandol's family came out. The wife and daughters and the grandchildren rode in the family's farm wagon, while the menfolk walked alongside it or before it, Russandol's father Findrion alone riding a horse, wearing an ancient stained grey cloak closed at the left shoulder with a silver star, a naked sword at his hip, a black patch over the scars that surrounded the missing eye. Russandol and one of his older nephews came to walk alongside the Elf, drawing him into the company and making him know his welcome. "This is Tadeos, the son of my brother Madog. Come, for Ada wishes to greet you." Findrion looked down from his horse, and bowed his head respectfully. "We welcome you, my lord," he said, giving the Elf a remarkably thorough examination with his one good eye. "Timriol has been hoping that he could convince you to accompany us, for he rejoices to have known your friendship over the years. We have laughed at the epessë you granted him, but must admit it is well deserved, as red as his hair is. We don't have all that many redheads amongst the Dúnedain, but now and then one will be born to us as if to remind us of what once was perhaps more common among us." A child within the wagon suddenly squalled, drawing the attention of all. The youth sighed. "Oh, dear, Ada , but Largas is raising a fuss. Bessa will be wanting my aid." Findrion smiled. "Then go, Timriol, for you are one of the few who can calm Largas once he takes it into his head that someone has somehow shorted him." Russandol smiled apologetically at Maglor before he turned toward the wagon, Tadeos at his heels. Findrion watched after his youngest son with pride. "He has always had the ability to calm and soothe others, or so we have found. And as apparently you have found also, my lord. He has told me that when he found you, you were in apparently a transport of grief of some kind, perhaps due to what you saw of those who left on the ship that had just sailed from the quays of Mithlond. I am told that the Lady Galadriel was aboard that ship, as well as Master Elrond of Imladris. I suspect that both were dear to you in different ways, back in Aman and in the last days of your lordship within Beleriand. Yes, my lord, I am aware of your true name and history, or so I believe. Certainly the scars on your hands declare your identity, along with the light to be seen in your eyes." At Maglor's start he held up one hand calmly. "Do not worry that I will betray your true name before the rest, although I suspect that in the depths of his heart Timriol already knows it. For now it is enough that he called you back from the depths of your grief and that you have returned his friendship. And I rejoice the more that you have agreed to accompany us to Annúminas to greet our King and his family, now that Aragorn at last returns to the North that saw him born. You will not need to make yourself known to them, but it is in my heart that you will rejoice to see what fine individuals your influence has gifted to Middle Earth." "You are not disgusted to be found in company with such a one as I, one who brought death to so many innocents of my own blood?" Maglor heard his own voice to be rough with the mixed emotions that filled his heart. Findrion shrugged. "Who am I to pass judgments on others, Lord Morgil?" he asked quietly. "When I awoke to the knowledge that I had lost one eye and would no longer walk with any ease I admit that I was anything but kind to the one who tended me after I was felled by brigands from Dunland. I did nothing but pour abuse on Aragorn for the weeks it took before I recovered enough to return north again from the ruins of Tharbad where we'd taken refuge. And, over-proud fool that I was, I withdrew from the ranks of the Rangers and came here, as far from the Angle as I could get. At least my Eluanna saw beyond my injuries and maiming to what I had been and could have become had I been less childish in my response to my partial blindness and stiff hip. She coaxed me to become a true Man again, and at last allowed me to wed her, and together we have made a successful life here along the northern reaches of the Firth of Lhûn. "A good part of the reason we make this journey now is so that I might apologize to Aragorn for that abuse I laid upon him then, and to again offer my fealty to him. I doubt he has held my fury against me, however—his is a gentle and forgiving nature for all that he is the greatest warrior amongst Men I have ever known, greater even than was the skill of his sire, or so my father told me. But I need to make my own amends, as you have, or so I've been told, in your own way." (I) (I) (I) It was a merry enough journey. All referred to him as Lord Morgil and treated him as if he were a member of the family who had recently made himself known to them all. He'd often helped Russandol—Timriol—in his watch over the sheep, and had aided in some difficult births amongst the flock. All had heard of him from Timriol, and a few had met