Hi there, I'm sorry if you came here hoping this was a new story from me. Unfortunately it's not. I have republished an old story of mine, In the Name of The Father, which won first place in The Dior Rob Contest a while ago. It's available to read on the competition site, so I decided to let you read it here as well. Unfortunately, it will be the only story of mine that I publish here on fanfiction. Real life has well and truly dealt me a winning hand and I signed with a publishing company for a 4 book series this time last year. The series is very different from Edward and Bella, and so I'm leaving my fanfic days behind me. I always welcomed your support for my crazy stories and I know that without my years spent writing and publishing on fanfiction, I would not be where I am now. So, enjoy ITNOTF, it'll remain here for as long as fanfiction let it. Lots of love Lizzy xxx IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER "In the name of the Father, and of his son, and of the Holy Spirit, amen." My hand crossed my chest in the signatory action of the blessing, and I rose from the hard stone floor. "Father?" I heard the quiet voice of Seth, a seventeen year old young man who I had taken into my care some months ago. He had come from a violent home: escaping a drunk mother and an equally drunk and violent father. "Seth?" I asked calmly as I slowly turned to face him. "You should have left by now. Why are you here at such an hour?" "I can't sleep, Father. It's a Sunday night. You know what happened to me on Sunday nights." "Indeed, I do." I walked towards him, placing my hand on his shoulder. "You are safe now. There will be no beatings while you are under my care," I reassured him. "I will come and settle you once I have heard this evening's confessions. I do not intend to be long. There are not many people who will come to confession at midnight. But, even if there is only one person, I must hear them. I must help them atone for their sins." "I understand." "Good. Make yourself some supper. But do not over indulge. You know how the devil will haunt your dreams if you do. Eat light, and the angels will help you sleep." Seth nodded, and I smiled at him, leaning forwards to kiss his forehead. "Go. Sleep well, Seth. I will pray for your mother and father before I too sleep with the angels tonight." He turned and walked away, leaving me alone in the sanctuary of God's church. I pinched the bridge of my nose, wondering if the angels would visit me. I had been restless for a while now. I was asking too many questions about my calling. Had I made the right decision seven years ago? I ran my hand through my hair as I closed my eyes. I felt like the devil was breathing down my neck. Would he get any closer tonight? I walked along the nave, looking to either side of me for anything out of place as I headed to the main door. Bibles were slipped into the back of the pews in front of them. Kneeling cushions were back in their place as well. I liked my church to be in order. It helped clear the clutter that had recently formed in my head. I sighed heavily as I looked back to the altar at the front of the church. The simple figure of Jesus on the cross, a symbol of all he suffered for, for us, rose high in the air behind the pulpit where I gave my sermons. "Maybe, I should listen to my own advice this evening," I muttered to myself. I strode to the corridor at the right of the church, swinging open the heavy door that lead to where I would sit for the next hour. My steps were long and confident, clipping loudly on the polished wooden floor. My black vestment covered my body from my neck to my feet, but I would need my purple stole for confession. It was the colour of calmness, of penance. I positioned myself on the wooden slatted bench that ran across the small space at my side of the confessional box. It was a tight squeeze for my tall body, but it only served to help me concentrate on the discomfort of the people who came to me on these evenings. I placed the Bible on my knee and began to read. I very rarely had visitors after the midnight mass on Sunday. But for the hour following the service, I offered myself to listen to any poor souls who needed to clear their conscience; those who needed God's forgiveness. I had heard many stories while sitting in the confessional box: stories of lust, of greed, of hate - and I had forgiven them all on God's behalf. I wondered if I would be able to forgive Seth's parents if they ever dared to approach my church. The boy had turned up, beaten and bloody, hiding in the church doorway eight months ago. His father had taken a belt to him as well as his fist. His mother had watched and let it happen. Every Sunday night his father went out drinking, only returning home after midnight. When the drink took hold, he had reoccurring visions of demons chasing him, telling him to attack his son or they would claim his soul and send him to the devil. I knew where I'd like to send him. "Forgive me, Lord Almighty," I whispered, lowering my head and pushing the thoughts from my mind. It was not how I should feel. I was trained to keep my personal thoughts as such and not let them interfere with my mission and unity with our Lord. After an hour of sitting in the cramped space, I longed for the chance to stretch my legs and swing my arms around. They were purely needs of my own, ones of comfort, and I sighed again, realising I would never have thought such things a while ago. I would have welcomed the discomfort for it would have reminded me of how our Lord suffered for us. He never moaned of his discomfort. The sound of the confessional door opening snapped me from my internal struggle, and I listened as the person on the other side of the grill moved into position. I heard the rustling of clothes as they got comfortable on the cushion provided for them while they confessed. I was slightly shocked when I heard a woman's voice. Not because women never came to confession, but because of the late hour. I was concerned as to why she was visiting me at such a time. "Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned." Her words were the norm, spoken as if she had the weight of the world on her shoulders. She sounded young, but it was hard to tell without seeing her. I didn't respond to her words, waiting for her to tell me how long it had been since her last confession. When she didn't offer the information, I softly prompted her. "How long is it since your last confession?" "Oh, shit, sorry I forgot I had to say that." I smiled at her panicked statement. "How long? Jeepers, I'm not sure. A couple of years, maybe." I cocked my head to the side. A reforming Catholic? They were always the greatest challenges, or the easiest to comfort. It all depended on the situation that had brought them back to the arms of the Lord. "A couple of years is not long in the eyes of our Lord," I offered, hoping I would calm her with my words. She seemed nervous, but I doubted she would shock me with her confession. I'd heard everything. "Well, maybe not. But I seriously need to confess tonight." My brow lifted as I spoke my usual line. "Go on, child of our Lord Almighty." "Well, shit, I don't quite know how to start with all this, but I suppose I should tell you my name." "You have no need to do so. But if it would make you feel more comfortable then you may tell me what I should call you." I was surprised she would want to divulge such information. Usually confessions were heard from nameless people. It's how they preferred it. "Well, you can call me what you want." She giggled, enjoying some sort of private joke I had no understanding of. "But, you can call me Bella." "Bella? Short for Isabella?" "Yeah." I didn't know of anyone in my congregation called Bella, so I assumed she was from another parish, or perhaps she had just not attended church for the couple of years she had not come to confession. "Well, I shall call you Isabella, if that's all right with you." "Of course it's all right. It's my Sunday name. No-one has called me that for years." I smiled as her voice trailed away, lost in a memory I knew I would never have access to. "And what do others call you? Of course you do not have to tell me." I was curious about her, but still remembered my place. It was not up to me to know anything about her. I was here to forgive her sins. It was what she had come to me for. She giggled again before answering. "I get paid for them to call me whatever they want. Do you want to hear some of the names they call me?" I frowned, confused by her, and leaned closer to the grill that separated us. "Them? Who are they?" "The men who pay me to work for them." I swallowed the sick feeling that churned in my stomach. Was she a lady of the night? A prostitute? It would explain her late night visit. Regardless, I would still hear and forgive her sins. I had the feeling she would be here for some time. "If you wish to tell me what they call you, then please do." "Well, my working name's Bunny Bells." I cringed at what I viewed to be confirmation of her profession. Again I reminded myself of how young she sounded. "I think I prefer Isabella," I offered quietly before asking what I already knew the answer to. "So, in what profession do you get the name Bunny Bells?" She laughed, probably aware of the trite way in which I spoke. "I'm an exotic dancer at Toots. I pole dance and lap dance, well mainly lap dance." My eyes widened in shock at what she had said. "You're a dancer?" I uttered my relieved words out loud. "Yeah, that's what I just said." Her voice quietened as she added, "And that's why I'm here. I only started the job a month ago, but I kind of feel bad about what I do to the guys who come to see me." My frown deepened, I knew what pole dancers did, but I was unaware of what exactly a lap dancer was. "Why do you feel bad for the men? Surely they come to see you perform and pay you for your performance?" "Well, sort of. Look, do you even know what a pole dancer is?" "Yes, you dance around a pole in what would be classed as highly provocative clothing," "Not quite," she corrected me. "Would you care to tell me where exactly my information is lacking?" I smiled at her deep sigh. "My highly provocative clothing would be classed as nothing but a G-string. You do know what one of those is, don't you?" My smile turned into a grin at her curiosity of my knowledge. "Yes, Isabella, I know what a G-string is."