Disclaimer: I own nothing. "To remind those that even the strongest cannot overcome the might of the Capitol, but also to show the generosity and mercy of the Capitol only one tribute shall be reaped but they will come from the pool of existing male victors." Snow kept his promise, my family and the Hawthorne's where safe but he's going to punish me by sending the boy i love to his death... alone in the games, yet through this a survivor will be born. Chapter 1 Katniss. My screams echo throughout the forest, any game within a five-mile radius surely having fled. Today has been strange for me, my normal quiet steps have been uncharacteristically loud as though I where new to this and not a seasoned huntress. Though the fact doesn't illude me that, the empty game bag I'll be travelling home with today no longer means a night without food on the table. Winning the 74th Hunger Games have had some benefits... well only one, having too much money that I don't know what to do with it providing for my family is no longer a concern thus hunting has become obsolete and the new-found time I have goes by wasted. Perhaps the only reason I come out into the woods is to find solace in the familiar woods, enjoying the scents and feelings I grew up with and finding peace in the calmness that washes over me. This is really one of the only escapes I have from Victor's Village. The strange exhausting feeling that washes over me make my steps feel weighted down, though lead was in boots. Unclasping my quiver, it takes place roughly discarded where I throw my bow in frustration as I slump down on the grass underneath a large boulder that rest on the edge of the lake. My trips into the forest always seem to bring me back to this spot. My eye's feel heavy, closing as the fresh, cool breeze blows over my face my mind wanders to the passing days... weeks? Hell I don't know, the days have begun to blur together and I've lost track of how long has passed since the ending of the 74th Games. That and the quick realisation that, upon getting back and thinking I could return to my old life-like nothing happened is that something did happen, I won the Games, nothing is the same and I'm finding myself wishing more and more that I could go back to before the Games because I know now that you never win the Games you simply become another pawn, player in them with the Capitol and Snow being the Game-makers. At least me winning I can take some pleasure in the fact that Primrose loves her new life. Seeing her with a constant smile on her beautiful, porcelain face nearly makes it worth... hell I does make it all worth it because know I have no fear of her starving, freezing during a cold, hatred filled winter or wondering where I'll find the means to by her new cloths or things for young women that they need growing up. My only fear that remains when concerning Prim is that somehow Snow will try to use her against me. I see her ever day, the joy of Prim smiling as she enters and exits her new room, the times I come home from the merchant market with new, unused cloths that she'll be the first to wear. Beautiful cloths that we could only ever dream about before I won. She also loves the fact that she can pamper that ugly, mangy old fur ball buttercup, though I'd never admit it seeing her and him together brings a warmth to my heart. Between spending my time out here in the forest, the only other place I spend this much is with Primrose. Sat in-front of the large marble fireplace or huddled underneath the blankets of hers or my bed sheets as we talk about the day, about school and about an annoying boy that happens to tease her constantly. I would be tempted to go and see this boy and simply remind him of who I am but I know she's talking about Rory... Gale's younger brother and we, Gale and I have both noted before that the pair of them have a thing for each other but are too densely unaware of it that I comes off as playful teasing. Kind of like you and Peeta... densely unaware... my eye's snap open, instantly I push those thoughts away. Refusing to think, let alone broach that subject out here in the only peaceful place I have left. Though the brief thoughts about him cause my mind to wander and draw up images, thoughts, feelings and memories of Gale. Since being home I've personally seen him once, though he has tried harder to come and visit it's been at awkward times when the grief and nightmarish memories have crippled me. Though trying to seem him during the day is out, a new scheduling system set up by some new head of the mines has all the miners wandering from day-to-day when their next day off will be. They know a day in advance and only at the end of their shift. I think back to when I last saw him, roughly three days after getting back to District Twelve. I'd been sitting in the living-room, feet curled up underneath me and shrouded underneath a blanket when a loud rumbling knock sounds out through the house. I'm so shocked that for a brief moment I startle in sheer panic before his voice rings out in my ear. " Catnip!... CATNIP!..." exclaiming as I rush towards the door and throw it open, not even seeing his face as his strong arms encase me in a fierce, bone crushing hug. Staying like this for a few minutes before his breath tickles my neck while speaking. "I missed you Catnip." " Me too Gale... me too..." I say to him, slightly becoming aware of the awkward feeling rising in my chest. He's never been this open about his feelings, his affections always choosing to be cold and stony when it came to things like this but I push it aside and just rest for a moment in the familiarness of him. Breaking away I finally stare up at him instantly noting the changes in him. He looks exhausted, his hair having grown longer and his jaw is covered in a dark stubble, his whole body is covered in a thick layer of coal dust and it's only then do I realise that he must have just finished at the mines. Gale being older than 18 means he is beyond reaping age but like most in the seam he has no craft to go to and therefore the only work that is available is in the mines. I feel bad for him, he is my friend, my best friend. Yes handsome, strong features and lean muscle that has been built up over the years of hunting. Any woman would consider him a great catch and wed then bed him in a flash. Yet I've never seen him that way, never felt those feelings for him, longed to feel his arms around me or lips upon mine. While yes my mind has though about it, young and hormones raging I did once think about what it would be like to kiss him but at the time survival was more important and those thoughts have died long ago. I can only see him as Gale, my brother, hunting partner and best friend. A friend I know, that losing him in some mining accident, like the one that took my father. Thinking of him trapped, crushed and never seeing his body but knowing its underneath the earth buried under black rock would destroy me. So it's why the words escape my mouth before I can think of them through. " Leave the mines... I'll give you money to live..." " No Catnip." the cold look he give me is enough to end that line of thinking right there and then. He just like me and everyone else from the seam is too proud to accept hand-outs and would rather work and earn the money for themselves. " Okay but... please... please be careful..." he nods, giving me a sad smile before we fall into a silence. "Are we still going hunting... on Sundays?" I ask with hope but again he gives me that sad smile. " i can't... the new foreman at the mines has come up with a new working schedule. I don't know when I'll be off next but when I do, we'll go." trying as hard as he can to make his voice sound assuring I know it'll be quite some time before we get to go hunting again. Again the silence falls and I expect him to leave but I freeze surprised as he inches forward and leans down to place a chaste kiss on my lips. Yet before he can, I back away and slam the door shut in his face before falling against it and ignoring his voice. Burying my hands in my hair, covering my ears I try to drown out his voice and the thoughts of romance. Repeating a mantra over and over in my head. " My name is Katniss Everdeen, I'm 16 years old. I enter the 74th Hunger Games. I won, I don't want a family, I don't want kids, I don't want love." over and over I repeat it until another voice fills my head. " Katniss... Katniss..." my little sisters voice fills my mind and I allow her and my mother to lead me to my bedroom. Settling me down under the covers I finally note the darkness outside and realise that I must have sat there for hours muttering the same mantra over and over before I finally sub-come to the darkness. "Arggggg!" I scream, scaring off everything twice over in the forest. Just thinking about that day brings back the conversation I had with Haymitch a few hours after breaking the boy with bread's heart. " I wasn't lying... when... when I said I was confused." Haymitch just lowers his glass looking at me and expecting me to continue. "It... It wasn't all an act in the Game but the closer I get home, back to my family the more I just get so confused by everything to do with him." "A comforting fact sweetheart to finally drop on us." Anger is all I feel at his comment, he damn well knew about this and to act as though he didn't know a thing about it... he can fuck off. The only one who has that right is Peeta. I'm about to shout at him when he voice comes again. "I told you the Capitol wasn't to happy with all this, that the only thing that has, is and can get you both through this alive is if everyone... and I mean everyone believes that you to are together... so with that in mind I really think you should go speak to the kid." "I'm almost certain that he'll slam the door in my face if I go." remembering his hollow eye's and voice as each word I spoke destroyed his heart over and over. For him this wasn't an act, he loved me, he truly loved me and wanted to give me everything, to give me the world and I broke his heart before knowing that I truly had it. " Sweetheart..." Haymitch slurs, slightly straightening himself in the chair. "The kid loves you, head over heels and with your warm kindness to guest and especially guest that love you he'll not not want to see you." if glares could kill Haymitch would be dead but I am considering jamming the knife in his throat for that little comment. This