Disclaimer; I own nothing. This is my first story so any helpful criticism would be really great. Sorry about grammar and spelling mistakes but I hope you still enjoy. Prologue. Luck running out. Ghost's POV. Shifting, the flames slowly dying as the cold wind picks up slightly bring a deeper chill to the frigid air I try to gain more warmth as the men sitting next to me on the dead log mimic my actions or a slight variation of them as I pull the golden brown wolf skin cloak tighter. Beside me, tightening his own grip on a greyish, black wolf skin cloak my friend Marcus sits, lost in the dwindling flames as with one hand he spins his rifle on the cold, frosted iced ground. "Rub your chest... your arms will take care of themselves." telling the shivering, teeth chattering newbie that joined up three days ago. Here, on the front lines of the war in District Seven. Sure nearly all the other Districts, with the exception of Two and one had openly declared war against the Capitol the front line was considered the place with the heaviest, dangerous fighting which happened to be where we, where I was. For now though a small respite in amidst the chaos and death this war, one essentially caused by me and my mouth had caused its one of the reason I choose now to speak very little, if anything. "Arrg... I hate the cold, I hate the war and I hate this sitting around!" stomping the butt of the rifle against the ground a few times I let Marcus rant, it's true that it's hard to sit around during a war, the constant threat of danger, of attack means you can never really shut off. Add cold weather and it's a winters hell on earth and for Marcus that's just plain lunacy. He's big bulky and incredibly strong, in physic and features. What with his strong jaw, hardened face, jet black hair with silver streaks running through it for a man in his mid-forties he's doing well. He is a man of little words, not that he doesn't speak a lot but his comments are short and to the point with everyone following them without question, his greater actions are his actions during combat. Repeatedly he, along with myself have forgone Intel, orders and even the occasional order from Thirteen to rescue or free POW or just people in need. As Marcus said Thirteen isn't their leader but a long forgotten one that is just tagging along for the ride, finding out that the war broke out in the District during the Games, long before finding out District Thirteen revealed itself was a shock but thinking about it not overly surprising. So saying Marcus is a hero of Thirteen isn't exact and he himself doesn't refer to himself like that but merely as a solider fighting for the District's freedom. His cause for joining the war is noble at least, mine comes out of some sort of twisted guilt believing that should I had just died in the first Games none of this death of war that has befallen the people would have happened. So I joined to right my wrongs and also, if I'm being truthful to myself to escape things but I can't or won't thin, dwell on them. I can't change them and that's final. Suddenly, the noise of approaching footsteps causes most men to fall silent, Marcus included. Two men, both clad in District Thirteen Major uniforms stand before us. "Your present is required at the command tent!" the fatter of the two speaks, though both aren't that fat it's the only way I'm choosing at the moment to differentiate them. "Ohhhh... really, well would you like to tell me who sent for me and before you answer know that I am a Colonel and my second is a Lieutenant Colonel. So address us properly or I'll have you both whipped." Marcus in, what I find incredibly funny and scary says in a high-pitched voice out the norm from his usually deep voice. Both grit their teeth, my guess being they've heard or interacted with us before and we just haven't clicked yet that our squad can be a handful at times. "It is a request sir, Orders being sent through from District Thirteen, your-" "I'd stop there, she not our President, she's not a President she a leader of a bunch of mole people, coward bastards that had to wait for a young girl and boy to start something so they could jump in. go fuck yourself and tell that bitch to find a man, maybe then she would be so up tight and Damn right rude!" the last part cause laughter to erupt from the squad, Marcus having spoken it in the best posh accent he could do and it was good. Even I join in the laughter and earn a slap on the back. "Good! Good! Ghost has even got in on the laughter, god you two must be a joke for this dead sack to have a laugh." the two guards round on their heels and head off, no doubt they'll find someone higher ranking than us and who we respect more to get us to go. Which we will. As the laughter dies down, newbie being new here decides to pipe up and start a game of 20 questions, the first being for me. "Why do they call you Ghost?" it's a fair enough question, one I've been asked many times before and the answer is a continued surprise for people. "Long story newbie but live long enough and he'll tell you. Surprised is what you'll be but guess it right before he tells you and 700 big ones go to you!" Marcus yells, earning a few whoops from the others, it was started seven months ago, me having been here for little over 12months and as of yet no one haw been able to guess correctly. I pick myself up of the log and head to the edge of the fire light, standing now half shrouded in darkness as Marcus joins me. "why did we start calling you ghost, a good name but not one for your sunny deposition and attitude." I try hiding the small smile that forms on my lips. "oh that's right, your ability to sneak up on someone, honestly never would have thought the loudest boy alive would turn into the deadliest man I know. Comical." "Your not the only one I know who'd say that." I tell him, my mind wandering dangerously close, back to that time all those long months ago. Hard to believe that a year had passed in this war, that I hadn't seen anyone from my home District or that of the others I came to know in all that time. Sure I've seen them, pro-pos and other such things but to actually meet them again face to face... not happened and with any luck it's not going to happen. I've put that... that part of my life behind me, only looking forward, only moving forward and it's great. Or at least that's what I try to tell myself late at night when I'm alone and my demons close in around me. As we continue to stare out into the darkness, the soft light and mummers of the soldiers our only company everything is interrupted by the crunching of snow under boot. The soft, yet crisp sound growing louder and louder as three people by the sound of it approach and turning only solidifies that thinking because there standing between the two Thirteen Major's is the second in command of District Seven's force. A small, round-faced plump man with rosy cheeks comes, almost wheezing his way towards us. "This should be good." Marcus breathes out as we both turn and look upon them. "Gentlemen." "You'll find none here, honest men yes but gentle... look to your friends here for that." "Marcus please, they're not here to fight. We have enough fighting with the capitol. Commander Cedar would like the presence of both you and ghost in the command centre. A matter of great importance has arisen that requires both your involvement." "Should be fun." with those words and our curiosity peaked we follow towards the command tent and our matter of great importance. Entering into the command centre, noticing the buzz of Argentines as people move and bump around, some into me, some into Marcus who promptly shoves them back yet they either don't care or are too busy to notice. Cedar stands in the centre of the area, barking orders left and right, things being roughly shoved at him to which he equally takes. He's a standard size man, my height, lean but not without muscle though he is an expert at knife fighting and always has one on hand. Though his booming voice and glare is enough to make any soldier tow the line. "Marcus! Ghost! get over here!" though shout he visibly looks relieved as we make our way over, he's a good man, honest as Marcus say and has a head of tactical war. Perfect for the front lines. "Sir!" both of us echo, saluting him but get a wave off in return. "Enough of the formalities I've got a lot to plan because of President Coin-" "She not President, she a fucking mayor!" Marcus yells, he really does have a problem with Coin and put of me feels guilty for never really asking why. "Marcus! I'm not going to start this argument again, needless to say Coin has decided to send in some film crew to get a few shots of the area. Of the recent front lines." "i thought this still was?" I question because the tone of his voice is telling me different. "Sorry but the front lines where officially moved to inside District Six three days ago." well that's just fine and dandy but not to me and Marcus. "Why the hell weren't we told to move! We've been freezing our asses off for nothing!" "Not for nothing, Coin requested the best protection for this stupid idea. I tried to protest but nothing would be heard of it. We're playing host to a group of camera men then you and ghost are to go back to Thirteen for some R&R. One week, then back to the lines." "We better be." Marcus's voice low and filled with anger. Again the hate for District thirteen is there, in the norm we'd be sent to the closest safe District. A nice war bed, hot water then back out but being sent to thirteen well that be something new. I'd need to stay hidden but the benefits of a warm shower, bed and hot food three times a day would be a look forward but there's a nagging part of my brain that suddenly clicks. Camera crew... Mockingjay. "Squad number!" I almost yell, voice raised in slight panic. "325." fuck, a close call. We've dealt we these pricks before, they'll be done before long and on their merry way. I know the victor's squad number off by heart 451V the only squad with a letter. The "V" standing for victor and they'd never get the squad number wrong for something like the Mockingjay filming. Our squad number, me and Marcus the only two of the original is 141 just part of the many. "Get some rest, your up at 0700 hours." "Thank you sir!" with that we salute and head away, both agreeing that this will be fucked up and boring before separating and heading off to our own tents. A perk of being a lieutenant Colonel, your own space and as I close the flap to the tent climbing onto the bunk and under the thin, useless covers that do offer some warmth I fall into the darkness of my nightmares and the demons that await