Author's Note: I readily acknowledge that all places and characters in the story came from the genius mind of J.R.R. Tolkien and as such belong to the Tolkien estate. I mean no infringement whatsoever, and take no profit of any sort from my fanfiction. All other ideas in here are mine, and not to be copied without written permission, with one gigantically notable exception. The tale of the Swan-maiden of Dol Amroth is the work of the brilliant and extremely talented DrummerWench, taken (with permission) from her Fairy Tales of Middle-Earth—they're published on this site, so PLEASE check them out. They're beyond fantastic. (It's not meant to be a plug, it's a reference. Anyway, check them out.) "… At length they came to the Prince Imrahil, and Legolas looked at him and bowed low; for he saw that here indeed was one who had elven-blood in his veins. 'Hail, lord!' he said. 'It is long since the people of Nimrodel left the woodlands of Lórien, and yet still one may see that not all sailed from Amroth's haven west over water.' 'So it is said in the lore of my land,' said the Prince." -The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 29 Cemië III 3016 Dol Amroth The city of Dol Amroth sprawled just south of Edhellond, at the inlet of Cobras Haven in the Bay of Belfalas. Tirith Aear rose over the city, its spires and turrets nearly piercing the clouds, grey-white stone against a blue-grey sky. The palace itself was carved into the White Cliffs, hewed from the stone to brush the ocean with its base. The waves slipped into the arched tunnels and caves beneath the palace, brushing softly over the rich green moss clinging to the walls. Winding paths meandered down the slopes, leading to soft sand beaches backed by rolling dunes. The city itself was carved of white marble, native to Dor en Ernil, and glittered silver and white in the noon sun, while the beaches sparkled with bits of mica. Down on the beach, two figures sprinted toward the waves, followed by four traveling at a more sedate pace. The two in front vied for the lead—one, a girl in a white linen shift, the other, a young man who could only be her brother. "Run faster, Amrothos!" the girl called to him, hiking her skirts up until the hem brushed against her knees. The four behind them laughed softly, shaking their heads in amusement. "It is a sad day indeed when your younger sister—your twelve-years-younger sister at that—can outrun you, little brother," the eldest of the four called. Amrothos—the runner—turned, glaring at his elder siblings and cousins. "I blame you for that, Boromir," he retorted. "Every winter, when we come to Minas Tirith, you take Lothíriel off to train with the Citadel Guard every evening." "Do I not also teach you, Amrothos?" Boromir asked, quirking up one eyebrow. "Faramir trains with me," Amrothos replied. "And she always manages to convince me to teach her more whenever we come home." "She uses that face on you, doesn't she?" Boromir asked, half-smiling. "The one with the sad eyes, and the pout, and the begging?" "How did you know?" Amrothos asked, puzzled. Boromir grinned wryly. "She used the same face on us, when she wanted to learn archery," he admitted. "And it worked." "Will you come to the ocean already?" Lothíriel called, placing her hands on her hips. "The water is perfect for swimming, and you just stand there like a herd of deer." The herd of deer in question turned to face her. On the face of the next eldest—Amrothos' and Lothíriel's eldest brother—a wicked smile began to spread. "For that, little sister," Elphir replied, that hint of a smile chasing across his face, "I do believe you'll be the first to take a swim." Lothíriel's eyes widened. "Elphir, don't you dare—" she started, beginning to back away. Before she could finish, Elphir had her arms pinned to her sides. She kicked furiously as he hoisted her over his shoulder. Behind them, Amrothos, Boromir, Faramir, and Erchirion watched, laughing, as Elphir tossed her from her perch into the ocean. She surfaced, spluttering, glaring at her brother. "I am no deer, sister mine," he informed her, laughing. "Indeed you are not, elder brother," Lothíriel retorted. "I believe you are more of a fish!" She grabbed his ankles, yanking him in as well. Safely on the shore, her brothers and cousins roared with laughter. "And don't think you're safe, either," she said threateningly, her face drawn in mock anger. She struggled to her feet, fighting against the weight of her sopping wet dress, which clung to her petite form like a second skin. She lunged for Amrothos, who easily evaded her she chased him across the beach. Hiking up her skirts, she dove and tackled him into the sand. "She's got you now, little brother," Erchirion crowed, as Lothíriel grabbed Amrothos by the ankles and dragged him into the water. Amrothos twisted and grabbed her wrists, yanking her down. "Boromir, are you just going to sit there and let your future wife get drowned?" Lothíriel yelped, writhing and twisting to break loose. Imrahil, Prince of Dol Amroth, had betrothed his daughter to the elder son of Denethor, Steward of Gondor, when she had been just eight. Her distant cousin was over two decades her senior, but treated his fiancée well. At her father's strict order, Lothíriel was not to be married until after her eighteenth birthday, but spent much of her time with her brothers and cousins nonetheless. "I don't know, Alqua." Boromir grinned mischievously, in mock hesitation. "I doubt your brothers would care for my interference." "Boromir!" Lothíriel called warningly, narrowing her eyes. "For such a tiny girl, she's quite imposing," Faramir whispered to Erchirion. He stifled a laugh as Boromir waded in, scooping her up out of Amrothos' reach and swinging her up to sit on his shoulders. "Charge!" Lothíriel commanded, giggling. Boromir jumped forward accordingly, chasing after his brother. "What did I ever do?" Faramir cried, moving just out of reach. "Does it matter?" Boromir asked, tackling him into the water. Lothíriel fell off, landing on Faramir and holding him under the water. Boromir picked her up once more, and Faramir sat up, spitting saltwater. "Can we please just have the picnic already?" he begged, shaking his hair out of his eyes. "Let's ask the birthday girl, shall we?" Boromir suggested, craning his neck to look up at his cousin. "What do you think, alqua?" "It's my birthday, too," Amrothos grumbled, trying to get the sand out of his hair. Boromir ignored him. "Picnic time!" Lothíriel decreed, and Boromir passed her a dry blanket as he set her down on the beach. Elphir laid out the tablecloth, and Erchirion place his two baskets at the center. "What did Culuma pack for us?" "Roasted chicken, white rolls, honey-glazed carrots, and sweet tea," Erchirion replied, putting down the food on the plates Faramir had set out. "And there's apple pie, because it's Amrothos' favorite, and pecan pie, because it's your favorite." Lothíriel smiled, pouring the tea into the glasses before them. "A toast," Boromir proposed, lifting his glass. The others followed suit, raising their glasses as well. "To my Swan Princess and my cousin, may your year be filled with joy and happiness." "Hail!" the others responded, glasses clinking in midair as they saluted the two youngest among them. "He took the good toast," Erchirion grumbled, raising his glass once more. That drew a laugh from the others assembled there, and he smiled slightly. "To my favorite younger siblings—" "We're your only younger siblings!" Lothíriel whispered loudly, and they fell into laughter once more. "Do you want your birthday toast or not?" he demanded. Lothíriel and Amrothos nodded, and Erchirion nodded. "Very well. To my favorite youngest siblings, for a year filled with adventure and amusement." "Hail!" they called once more, turning to face Faramir as they did so. "To the best archer I know and the best sparring partner I've ever had, for a year filled with courage and beauty," he toasted, raising his glass. "Hail!" they replied, following suit. "My turn," Elphir announced, raising his glass. As the eldest brother, it was his duty to make the final toast. "To my mallos and to Amrothos, for a year filled with the blessings of Eru Ilúvatar, hail!" "Hail!" The others raised their glasses, toasting them one final time. "So do you want your presents now, or when we get back to Ada, at dinner?" Elphir asked, eyes twinkling. "You have to ask?" Amrothos demanded. "Of course we want them now!" Lothíriel swallowed her too-large bite of chicken, nodding agreement. Amrothos chuckled, handing over two long, thin boxes. "Ladies first!" Lothíriel called, reaching for her present. "Eldest first!" Amrothos retorted, elbowing her out of the way and grabbing his gift. Lothíriel stuck her tongue out at him, but allowed him to open his present first nonetheless, returning her attention to her food. Amrothos' eyes widened at the longsword in his box, with a hilt wrapped in black leather, descending to a mirror-bright blade with a winter-keen point. Delicate Elvish script marked the blood channel, sparkling and winking in the sun as he drew it carefully. Underneath the blade lay a polishing cloth, a whetstone, and a small bag of sand. He stood slowly, drawing it to find that it fit his hand perfectly, as though merely an extension of his arm. "Your sword is Árecolindo, Lightbearer in the Elven tongue. You must promise to train with this sword, and keep it in perfect condition," Elphir instructed him. "Will you do this, Amrothos?" "I promise," Amrothos replied reverently, brushing his fingers along the blade. Elphir nodded, turning to Lothíriel and smiling. "Your turn, mallos," he announced, pushing her package closer. Lothíriel opened it carefully, preserving the wrappings. Amrothos glared at her impatiently, but she merely pushed back the fleece covers more slowly, eyes widening in awe as she beheld the recurve bow of pale white hickory in front of her, with sculpted gold vines around the arrow rest and at the tips. It spanned just over half her body length from tip to tip, with arcing curves between each tip and the arrow rest. A coil of string and a small jar of oil sat next to a quiver of two dozen slender arrows fletched with swan feathers. "I went through all the old tales, and the histories, and found that one of the histories of the Woodland Elves had descriptions of how to make an elven bow. This is made in the style of the bows of Lothlorien, the Golden Wood, but the family crest is embossed on the tips. " "Elphir, this is beautiful," she breathed. "But please, please tell me you did not kill a swan for these." Elphir chuckled. "No, Swan Princess, I did not," he pledged. "I picked up the feathers from among those the swans molted. I know the story as well as you." "What story?" Boromir asked, curious. "You never told him?" Amrothos turned to Lothíriel, disbelieving. "That's your favorite story." "No, the Lay of Leithian is my favorite story, and then the Chronicle of Cirion and Eorl, and then the Ainulindalë," Lothíriel protested stubbornly. "The Swan-Lady of Dol Amroth was real." "Now I have to hear this stor—this narrative," Boromir corrected hastily, seeing the look on her face. "Alright," Lothíriel acquiesced, settling back in the sand until she was comfortable. "In the long ago, there was an Elven prince, a hunter of great renown. While hunting, he became lost in the forest, and made his way to copse of trees by lake, there planning to stay the night. Three swans flew over the lake, landing on the shore, and as one landed, she threw back her wings as you would throw back a cloak, and revealed herself to be a woman. The Prince watched her, entranced