Welcome back, Scrivener, I am so happy to have you and my newly repaired laptop back. Along with all of my notes for all of my stories, since I hated having to write without them. Oh, and welcome back to my readers, too. Can't forget about you guys. So, I promised you all a sequel in November (though I plan on making a whole series of stories in Rick Riordan's chronology style), and thanks to the return of Scrivener, I managed to get it organized much earlier than I expected. So, I've been working on the first chapter of the new summer for you. I'm hoping to make this story even better than the last one, so wish me good luck and keep sending in that feedback for me. The more I get, the more inspired I am to write (you know, around assignments and all that). And that's a good thing, considering that National Novel Writing Month is starting in a few days, and I'll be digging out some of my novel projects (you know, the ones that I actually plan on getting published), and I'll be working on finishing a whole novel in less than a month. Along with four major projects for my various classes. Busy, busy, busy... Just like during the last story, I will be looking through the reviews on this one in case anyone wants to suggest a demigod. If you've read my other story, you know the drill for getting one put on the list. If you haven't read my other story...you might wanna go and read it first, because this is a SEQUEL, a second story in the series that this will become. This chapter is going to contain some Nico and Ciara moments (you know funny and cute stuff that we all love, well I hope that we all love it). Please Enjoy. Why did I want to go back to mortal school again? That's a question that I've been asking myself a lot lately. It's not like I don't have other options, but for some reason that I can no longer fathom, at the end of last summer, I thought that it would be fine to just go back to my regular school like nothing happened. Big mistake. Like, Chimera big. For the last ten months, I've been mulling over the same problem almost daily. I'm bored. I'm hyper. Sitting still is even more difficult than it used to be. And it's almost impossible to focus on anything my teachers say. Because of that, my grades this past year have suffered a little, dropping down into straight B's. It's actually rather appalling to think about, since I used to get straight A's. My teachers have been asking me if there's anything going on at home that's been giving me trouble, or if I need to talk to someone. But my answer is always the same. No, I don't need to talk to anyone. I mean, what would a mortal councilor be able to do for the kind of things I have to deal with? And everything is fine at home, so it's not even any of the normal things that hold most kids back from doing their best. Actually, it's better than ever at home. Now that Mom and Dad aren't keeping a mountain of secrets from me, I feel closer to them than ever. No…my problem seems to be a fairly simple one, actually. I'm a demigod, and I spent all of last summer burning off every bit of my excess energy one way or another. Not to mention that since the little incident with the golden death mask, my energy levels have at least tripled. I didn't even know that was possible. But I suppose that it must have been something along the lines of my demigod nature having been dormant for twelve years prior to the incident. So…I suppose that answers the question, right? Then why it is that I can't seem to burn off the energy anymore, no matter how hard I work in sports? Now that it's the end of June once again, I'm starting to suspect that the reason for my inability to focus stems from the fact that I'm stuck in a classroom for six hours a day, five days a week, trapped in the vile contraption known as a desk. Whoever invented them must have been a sadist. Not only are they as uncomfortable as my parents used to tell me, but they make all sorts of noises, like they haven't been oiled since the nineties. Instead, I'd much rather be running around, swinging a sword, or two, or tossing daggers at a target, or even shooting arrows to try and set a record. Not that I would ever be able to beat Sam's record. That boy is amazing. I would even take the damned climbing wall over sitting in a desk, bored out of my mind. What I need is not sports with mortals, but exercise with my friends. The not quite mortal ones. The ones who can actually push me into sweating an ocean that refuses to adhere to my skin, thanks to the powers I inherited from Grandpa. That's why, when the last bell of the year rings throughout the mortal school, cheers going up all around me, I simply sigh in relief. Finally…it's over… I sling my bag over my shoulder and make for the door, now that the classroom is thankfully cleared out. I learned last year that it's best to just wait in the classroom until everyone has started racing out of the school. You're less likely to get trampled that way. It's the one thing that mortals can do almost as well as monsters. And I would know, since I've been chased and nearly trampled by a monster army before. Another piece of advice that I took to heart was to empty my locker ahead of time and keep my backpack on me. So while all of the other students are scrambling with getting their stuff out of their lockers, I can just stroll through the halls, unnoticed. Never before have I so wanted to get out of this place, the compulsion is actually rather frightening. Well, so far, I've gone relatively unnoticed, that is, until my classmate Cassidy spots me. She races over to me, her backpack flopping off her shoulder like a beached dolphin. "Hey, Ciara, I didn't know you were into older guys!" That came completely out of nowhere. I blink bemusedly. "Wait, what?" I have no idea where any of this came from. "What are you talking about?" As far as I know, I have never given any indication as to what I am or am not into. And I certainly haven't figured out what I' into. I'm thirteen, I'm not supposed to be trying to figure that out. I'm too busy trying to not only get through school, but survive long enough to graduate. And that's still quite a few years off. Cassidy giggles loudly. "Oh, don't be like that. There's a gorgeous man waiting for you in the lobby!" "A gorgeous man?" After last summer, I've learned to be suspicious of just about everything. "What does he look like?" And how old is this guy? Because just the fact that you used the word man probably means that he's way too old for you. And if he's too old for you, then he's definitely too old for me. And considering that I know some very old people, that's actually not too difficult. Cassidy's grin grows wider. "Tall, dark, and definitely handsome. He looks foreign too, and he's got a bit of an accent, but he speaks English perfectly." Wait a minute… This is sounding frightfully familiar. "Olive skin, hair like the night sky, and eyes like melted chocolate?" Cassidy nearly swoons at the description. "Yeah…he's so dreamy…" I snort with laughter. There's only one person that fits that description that would come to get me at school and not try to burn the place down. "I should probably have said this earlier, but I don't have a boyfriend." Though I know exactly who's waiting for me. "But if you want to meet him, you can show me where he's waiting." She nearly squeals with delight, and she grabs my arm, dragging me eagerly towards the lobby. "So, what's his name?" I smile wryly. "Well, if it's who I think it is…then his name is Nico di Angelo. And yes, he's foreign. He was born in Italy." Not to mention that he's got a half brother who was born in England. And I think that Sam might be onto something when he says that Hades has a thing for European ladies. Then again, my relatives come from all over the world, so it's hardly exclusive to the lord of the Underworld. That's probably one of the most interesting parts about being a legacy of two of the Greek gods, the sheer diversity of the people that I get to meet. I can hear the whispers increasing as we get closer to the lobby. And they all seem to be discussing the same thing. The mysterious man who's shown up at our school out of the blue. Though I have a feeing that it's hardly something unplanned. In fact, I would bet five drachma that Dad sent Nico to get me. After all, it means that he and Mom could leave early for camp, and Nico could just Shadow Travel me there. After all, it's not like they're trying to keep a huge secret like a whole world of gods and demigods from me anymore. The lobby comes into sight, and the number of people watching and wondering has increased. They must not be used to seeing older people outside of the staff hanging out in the school. And right there, leaning against the wall in the middle of all of the attention, is my godfather. And he looks surprisingly calm, considering that there's people pointing at him from all over the place. His little brother would probably have a heart attack if he was the object of that much attention. That, or he might crack the ground open and let it swallow up my school. Cassidy giggles even more as we get closer, prompting me to roll my eyes. She's definitely got the wrong idea…and why is she so interested in this anyway!? We're thirteen! But I fear that those questions will go unanswered, because as soon as Nico spots me, his smile draws me over to him, fully occupying my attention. Nico subtly ignores the overeager girl behind me, focusing all of his attention on me. "Hey, Ciara. Did you have a good time at school?" I grimace slightly. "Have you seen my report card?" It's something that I'm definitely not proud of and I'm not looking forward to showing my parents later. Nico smiles apologetically. "Hey, straight B's is great. I mean, have you seen your Dad's old report cards? He was a straight C's student at the best of times. And you've had a lot on your plate this past year." He's definitely right about that. Since I stayed at the same school for this past year, I've had to make sure that none of the mortals discover any secrets that they shouldn't. Though it's not like I've gone and flooded any bathrooms in this place. Not to mention taking detours and being extra careful on my way home, since monsters could sneak up on me at any moment. And I definitely don't want a repeat of what happened last summer with the manticore. But pushing that aside, I smile up at him. "So, are we heading home first, or straight to the cabin?" Cassidy gasps behind me, her hands over her mouth. Then, she leans towards me, whispering quietly. "I know he's gorgeous, but is he making you do things you shouldn't?" It takes me a