Freshman: Annie, Clove, Nina (Foxface), Rue, Prim, Rory, Thresh, Cato, Madge Sophomore: Katniss, Johanna, Glimmer, Cashmere, Delly, Gloss, Gale, Finnick, Peeta, Marvel Annie Party Dress: images/search?q=Blue+Party+Dress&qs=n&form=QBIR&pq=blue+party+dress&sc=0-0&sp=-1&sk=#view=detail&id=70AF64AAC685AA71C8269614CA02BD274D205422&selectedIndex=80 Clove Party Dress: images/search?q=Red+Party+Dress&qs=n&form=QBIR&pq=red+party+dress&sc=0-0&sp=-1&sk=#view=detail&id=8D53FDD06B3B0A4C39B553D6EE5EEC5C6A432D92&selectedIndex=127 Madge Party Dress: images/search?q=pink+lace+party+dress&FORM=AWIR#view=detail&id=9D2CE1D56EF8F8D7707886E558F5ADB399D21EB4&selectedIndex=6 Nina Party Dress: images/search?q=Cocktail+Green+Party+Dress&FORM=RESTAB#view=detail&id=1DBCB74F202464E007753FF6FFAEB51EFA2DA5CB&selectedIndex=66 Disclaimer: I do not own the characters only the amazing Suzanne Collins does. a/n 1: so I guess you could say this is a bit like pitch perfect or whatever but this idea just popped into my head and I felt the need to get it down. a/n 2: btw in this fic I know that the characters are quite OOC but I find it easier to write them like this. a/n 3: just in case any of you need reminding – Nina is the name I came up with for Foxface. I know its supposedly Finch but I thought Nina sounded better. (Annie POV) I open my front door to find my two best friends Clove and Madge standing there waiting for me. "hey!" I exclaim then give Madge and Clove a big group hug. "just gonna be a minute, you can come in." I tell them then sprint upstairs to grab my bags. It was our first day at Panem National College and Madge and I were really excited. Clove on the other hand was depressed as she was forced to go to college by her parents; she wanted to get a job as a policewoman, but her parents are forcing her to become a lawyer. I needed to come to college as I want to become a teacher when im older and Madge wants to become a Fashion Designer. Im really excited that I can go to college with my tow best friends; we've been friends since we were 6 years old and although we are all very different, all get on amazingly. I drag both of my pale blue suitcases down the stairs to find Clove and Madge casually sitting on the sofa making themselves at home. "You ready?" Clove asks me. "Yep!" I answer. "Let's go then." Clove says then we all get up to head out of the door. "I'm so excited!" Madge squeals from behind me. Clove and I both laugh at her. I haul my luggage into the boot of Clove's car then clamber into the backseat. It's around a 2 hour drive to the college so Clove turns on the radio so we can listen to it. Suddenly our favourite song comes on we all immediately have to sing to it. I used to bite my tongue and hold my breath/Scared to rock the boat and make a mess/So I sit quietly, agreed politely/I guess that I forgot I had a choice/I let you push me past the breaking point/I stood for nothing, so I fell for everything We always sing together, it's so funny. Every time we have a sleepover we all sing into our hairbrushes, dancing around the room in our pyjamas; we must look really weird! You held me down, but I got up/Already brushing off the dust /You hear my voice, your hear that sound/Like thunder, gonna shake the ground/You held me down, but I got up/Get ready cause I've had enough /I see it all, I see it now This was definitely something I was gonna miss: the Friday night movie marathons or the Saturday night karaoke nights. We didn't even know if we were gonna be in the same building, let alone room. I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter, dancing through the fire /Cause I am a champion and you're gonna hear me roar/Louder, louder than a lion/Cause I am a champion and you're gonna hear me roar/Oh oh oh oh oh oh/Oh oh oh oh oh oh/Oh oh oh oh oh oh/You're gonna hear me roar We can't hold it in any longer, we all burst out with laughter and spend the next 15 minutes laughing before I go back to playing flappy bird. Not long after what seems like only an hour we arrive on campus. Madge, Clove and I grab our bags then head into the registration building to get assigned our dorms. "Names?" the lady at the desk asks. "Clove Coleman, Madge Undersee and Annie Cresta." Madge answers for us. "You are all in building D." The lady states. "Clove and Annie are in room 23, Madge in room 20." Clove and I jump with excitement whereas Madge looks disappointed. The lady hands us our keys. "Don't worry Madgey; at least you're close to us." I assure her. "I guess so…" Madge concludes. She doesn't look convinced. "Come on. Let's go see our rooms!" Clove rushes us out of the building excitedly. We practically run to building D. We run into the building, up the stairs and down the corridors in a rush to find our room. "Room 23!" Clove shouts. "Coming!" I shout back and Madge and I run to find Clove. We find Clove standing next to a door marked with a big 23, and she opens the door slowly in anticipation. It's a rectangular room with basic white walls and two small double beds on either side of the room. It's very spacious with two desks and one large closet. Although it's quite plain that doesn't mean that I can't make it my own. After looking round our room Madge goes to find hers, it's only 3 doors away from us and looks exactly the same. I pack away all my clothes, pin pictures up on the wall, get out all my gadgets etc. just basically get my room ready. Clove does exactly the same as me. After sorting out our room, Clove and I find Madge so we can explore the campus. On campus we find a small store for general things, a café that serves Starbucks, a bookstore/music store/film store, a diner, a gym with a swimming pool and a small clothes store. Madge immediately runs into the clothes store whilst Clove and I head to the gym. "I really need to sign up to the gym." Clove says. "I wonder if they have fight classes." "Probably" I answer. "I really just want to jump into that water right now." "I swear you're like a mermaid or something." Clove laughs. "I swear you're like a ninja or something." I retort. "Oh no! I'm supposed to be undercover!" Clove jokes. Clove and I stroll over to the front desk where we fill in a form to sign us up to the gym. Out of the corner of my eye I can see a boy with sandy blonde hair, tanned skin and toned muscles about to dive into the water. He takes a step back then launches himself into the water. His reflection glides through the water gracefully and then out of nowhere his head pops out the water and he flashes a toothy grin my way. It's like he's made for the water – I decide from then on that the unnamed boy will be named fish boy. Clove taps me on the back lightly which brings me out of staring. "Huh?" I question her. "Sign here." Clove points at a piece of paper which signs me up to the gym. I sign my name slowly to make it look elegant and curly then heart the 'I' in my name. After singing up to the gym, Clove and I go and find Madge who unsurprisingly is still in the clothes store. Walking back to our dorm a girl with wavy beach blonde hair, blue eyes and tanned skin walks up to us, she is wearing the most low cut top ever seen, shortest shorts ever and looks fake in every single way. "Hi, I'm Glimmer!" Glimmer introduces herself. "My friends and I are having a party tonight to welcome the entire new freshman. You should definitely come!" She then hands us a slip of paper inviting us to the party. "Fake bitch." Clove mutters. "It's like you just read my mind!" I laugh. We all head back to Clove and I's room and chat about random things. "So… are we going or what?" Madge brings up. "Hell no!" Clove shouts. "What! Why not Clovey?" Madge asks. "It's only a bit of fun!" "Why not? What's the harm?" I back Madge up, liking the idea as well. "Something will go wrong!" Clove says. "c'mon! Don't be boring! Our first college party! Dancing, singing, drinking and having fun!" Madge argues. "Exactly! Drinking! You two are such fucking lightweights!" Clove shouts. "Remember last year?" Clove reminds Madge and me. We both don't say a word. I immediately cringe at the thought of last year. It was one of those high school house parties that we were invited to. It was such a disaster; Madge passed out and I threw up all over this boy. It was humiliating. "Please!" I beg Clove. "It will be fun!" "Fine!" Clove eventually agrees. "But if either of you pass out on the floor I'm not gonna be the one dragging you back to your room." "Yay! Yay! Yay!" Madge cheers, bouncing around the room in excitement. Clove and I both join in with her and end up laughing until it hurts. "I have an idea! I'm gonna go back to my room and grab some possible party outfits!" Madge suggests. Clove and I nod our heads in agreement. In no longer than 5 minutes there is a loud knocking on the door. I open it without hesitation knowing that it's Madge. I open the door to find Madge standing there with another girl; she is petite with ginger hair and green eyes. "Hi?" I ask, confused. "This is my roommate Nina (a/n Foxface) !" Madge introduces the girl next to her. "Hi!" Nina says timidly. "Hi! I'm Annie and that's Clove!" I introduce myself then point to Clove who waves. "We were just about to get ready for a party that happening tonight. You can come with us if you want?" I ask. "Sure! I just need to get some clothes from my room." Nina says. "So do i!" Madge says. "We'll be back!" Madge then grabs Nina by the hand and pulls her back to their room. 5 minutes later they come back with arms full of clothes, jewellery and make up. 1 hour after that we are all ready. I'm wearing a deep blue flouncy party dress with silver heels and my hair curled, Clove is wearing a tight sparkly bright red dress which hugs her figure perfectly with black heels and her hair up in a bun, Madge is wearing a pink lacy dress with white heels and her hair straightened, Nina is wearing a green flouncy high-low dress with black heels and her hair up in a ponytail. "We look amazing! Aaahhh" Madge screams. We all laugh at her craziness. "Where exactly is this party?" Nina asks. "Erm…" I say then pick up the invite from Glimmer. "Glimmer's sorority house." "What time is it?" Nina asks. I check my phone. "8:45." I reply. "Shall we go at 9?" Madge asks. "Okay. In that case, let me put on some more make up." Clove says then sits down and applies more lip gloss. "Do you guys want some perfume?" I ask them all. They all agree and we spray on lots of it. "Wow! We stink!" I exclaim whilst coughing loudly. "We might have put on a tad too much." Nina says. "A tad!" Clove jokes. "It's 9. Shall we go now?" Nina asks. We all agree and soon we are heading to Glimmer's party arm in arm. The party's much bigger than expected, with the noise blaring so loudly you can hear it from miles away. Clove and I exchange a look as Madge runs up to the front door excitedly and knocks loudly. Moments later Glimmer opens the door wearing a hot pink tight dress that is so low cut and short that she looks like a slut.