Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and places belong to Suzanne Collins. . x . Colours i. Purple – innocence The first time Gale Hawthorne lays eyes on Madge Undersee, he is ten years old and still innocent to the harsh realities of the world. When he sees eight-year-old Madge with her long golden hair plaited into a perfect braid tied with a purple ribbon that matches her perfectly pristine purple dress, the only thing he can think is 'pretty' . He is sitting outside the bakery while his father tries to get a deal from the Mellarks' when she approaches him, her blue eyes shining with curiosity. "Hello," she says, smiling widely, showing off the gap where she lost her front teeth. "Mother told me not to talk to strangers," he mutters, all the while, cheeks turning red at the fact that this pretty girl is talking to him. "I'm Madge," she says, smile widening even more as she sticks her hand out to him. "Now I'm not a stranger!" He scowls at her and traces patterns in the dirt with the tips of his battered shoes as she stands, waiting expectantly with her hand outstretched. "Well?" she whines, waving her hand in front of his face. "What?" "My arm is tired ," she complains. "And I can't be talking to a stranger either. What's your name?" His frown deepens; nobody's ever tried to befriend him before ('You have scary eyebrows,' Thom, a friend of his, had said to him once), so he's not at all comfortable with the idea of this little girl coming up to him and wanting to be his friend. "Gale," he mutters, pushing her hand away from her face. "Gale Hawthorne." "See? Now we're friends!" she claps her tiny hands together enthusiastically, and then pulls a bag of cookies out of her dress pocket. "Wanna one?" She opens the bag and holds it out to him. Gale is practically drooling at just the sight of the cookies – they were handed out once at school when the Mayor visited, and Gale's pretty sure it's the most delicious thing he's ever tasted. But he stops himself before he can reach for one because 'never, ever take other people's food unless you have something to return the favour,' his mother always tells him. "No," he says, eyeing the bag longingly. Then, much to his embarrassment, his stomach grumbles. Madge giggles as she hands him a cookie before stuffing one into her own mouth. "You're hungry; here you go," she says around a mouthful of cookie. He stares at it, unsure of whether or not he should really be taking other people's food – especially from a strange little girl he's never met before. But before he can contemplate it further, his arm is being pushed upwards, and the cookie is being shoved unwillingly into his mouth. He swallows the cookie and gapes at her as she cautiously watches him, her nose scrunched up like she's expecting him to hit her. She backs away a little. "Sorry," she mumbles. "Please don't hurt me." He reaches out, but pulls away when she flinches. "I won't hurt you," he says, confused as to why she would think he would stoop so low as to hit a little girl. But before he can ask, the bell on top of the bakery tinkles and the Mayor steps out, holding a loaf of bread in his hands. "Come along, Madge," her father says in a cold, detached voice as he roughly grabs her hand and pulls her along. He sends a glare in Gale's direction and says, "You don't want to be hanging around with his type." Despite her father's warning, she flashes him a toothy smile and waves her free hand excitedly. "Buh-bye, Gale." He waves half-heartedly back at her. He doesn't talk to her again for another eight years. ii. Red – anger He is fourteen now – still just a child, really, but mentally, so much older; his father died in a mining accident a year ago, and with his mother taking care of a newborn child, Gale has to do everything he can to put food on the table. The weight – the pressure of becoming the breadwinner of the family at the ripe age of fourteen has aged him beyond his years. To him, blonde hair and pale skin are no longer just different in the physical sense anymore – no, to him, blonde hair and pale skin are the mark of Townies – rich, and privileged, and clean. The burden of becoming a man overnight has opened his eyes to the starvation and hunger in the Seam. His family has never been very well off, but his father had always managed to put food on the table and to keep a roof over their head. He's never known the harsh reality that is District 12. Not until now. Only now does he realize that not a single rich and privileged person has ever raised a finger to help. And now, standing in the Mellark's bakery as Katniss negotiates a trade with Mr. Mellark, he can't help but glare at Madge Undersee, where she stands in a corner, her red dress clean of coal dust and a cupcake in her soft, uncalloused hands, laughing with Peeta Mellark, and he can feel the familiar red tendrils of anger curling in the pit of his stomach. Anger at the fact that they can afford to squander their money on useless things like cupcakes when he and Katniss are struggling to just put together a substantial meal; anger at the fact that they can laugh so freely when more than half the district is dying from starvation. She looks up from her conversation with Peeta and glances over at them. She seems to shrink a little under Gale's intense glare as she takes a step back, and he knows she's seen him glowering at her. 'Good,' he thinks, trying to convey his anger, 'Let her know that I hate her. I hate her and everything she stand for. I hate that she has food and a family. I hate how perfect her life is.' Out of the corner of his eyes, he sees Peeta glance up to see what Madge is so distraught over; when he sees Gale glaring at her, he opens his mouth to say something ( 'Like he actually thinks he can hurt me,' Gale thinks derisively), but Katniss beats him to it. "Let's go, Gale," she says, her tone harsh, as it always is when he starts ranting about Madge fucking Undersee . She tugs his arm and pretty much drags him out of the bakery. The red never fades from his vision. iii. White – blank slate He is eighteen now; his best friend is entering the Hunger Games, and there is nothing he can do about it. He goes to the Justice Building to visit her, with the intent of letting her know exactly how he feels about her – that he loves her, as more than just his best friend and hunting partner, that he would wait forever for her, if he had to – but he is stopped short by the familiar hot anger when he sees the golden pin nestled on Katniss's dress. Still, he ends up staying with her a little too long and has to be dragged out by a pair of peacekeepers, and brought out to his siblings. Once he sends his mother and siblings on their way home, he stalks up to her and shoves her against the wall of the Justice Building, his forearm against her throat. "What the hell is Katniss doing with your pin?" he snarls angrily. "Did you think she needed your pity? Is that why you gave it to her – to flaunt it in her face? To show her what your daddy's money can buy for you, when she can barely afford to feed her family? Just because she can't afford a token of her own, it doesn't mean that she wants your fucking charity!" He is yelling now, and passerbys are starting to glance over furtively, trying to figure out what all the commotion is about. He knows having his arm against the mayor's daughter's throat will get him into some serious trouble, but at the moment, he can't seem to find it in himself to care; all he wants is to make somebody pay – pay for taking his best friend, for the hunger that constantly plagues the Seam, for the unfairness that has always been a part of District 12 – and really, what better person to blame than the mayor's perfect daughter? After all, she has had it easy for her entire life – she's never faced the threat of starvation, she's never had to get her hands dirty, she's never had to actually earn anything; she's had everything handed to her on a silver platter all her life. She shoves his arm off her, an angry scowl on her face. "What the hell , Hawthorne?" she snaps, rubbing at the red that has started appearing on her neck where his arm had held her captive against the wall only a moment before. "Katniss is my friend too, okay? My only friend. And I was only trying to help ." "By giving her a useless gold pin?" he sneers at her. "Fat lot of good that'll do for her in a fight to the death. Not everything can be solved by money, Undersee, but I guess you wouldn't know that, considering daddy's money has always solved all your problems." She shakes her head at him. "It's not just a gold pin," she snarls angrily. "You don't – it's – you know what, never mind," she says, "it's none of your god damned business anyways." "Katniss is my best friend, so yea, I think this is actually my business." "Not really, no," she huffs, attempting to push past him so that she can get home. He slams his hand against the wall, preventing her from walking away. "No, you tell me now, or don't even think about going home." "I didn't know I had an obligation to explain anything to you," she says coldly. She taps her foot against the sand, kicking up dust that clings to the hem of her dress. She glances over his shoulder at the setting sun and sighs angrily, like she's in a hurry to get home. "Alright, just – it's a mockingjay," she says like that explains everything. " That's your explanation? That it's a stupid songbird that the Capitol created? That's why you gave her the stupid pin?" He throws his hands up in the air in exasperation. "You're going to have to do better than that." She glares up at him and groans in frustration. "Look, Hawthorne, I really don't give a fuck whether or not you believe my explanation; I'm in a hurry right now and I would really appreciate it if you would just let me go ." The angry tint in her voice tells him that she's finally reached her breaking point – after all, she can only maintain the façade of the perfect mayor's daughter for so long. "You wouldn't be stuck here if you just explained what this is all about. No normal person goes around handing out free pins like that. Only, of course, you probably have tons more at home, knowing how much money you have to spend," he sneers at her. He watches in surprise as her blue eyes ice over and an angry scowl settles over her face – a scowl that could give him a run for his money. "Don't be an asshole," she snarls, "That pin belonged to my Aunt Maysilee." Gale raises an eyebrow – this was news to him; he never even knew that the mayor's wife had a sister. "Your aunt, huh? Another rich, spoiled merchant's daughter?" "Yea,"