Deus ex Machina Summary: Percy accepts the choice offered and becomes a god. A very minor god, but still a god. Fragments from a life that never happened. They offer him a choice. A moment of hesitation. He feels his gaze drifting, drawn upwards to Annabeth—but their eyes don't meet. In this world, a heartbeat away from familiar paths: Percy says, yes. Even demigods can't drink nectar without consequence; too much nectar, and the demigod burns up from within. The cup is fragant with the smells of home , of Mum's blue chocolate chip cookies, with a faint hint of something else that he can't possibly remember where he knows it from. "Better drink up," the dark-eyed young man advises. "The longer you take, the more impatient they're going to get." He can feel their eyes on him; Zeus, impatient, his father's, proud. He glances up to meet grey eyes; Athena's gaze is sharp, but she says nothing. He wonders if that is a warning, a sign of her displeasure. "Oh, come on now," Mr D. growls. His callused fingers close around the cup. Ganymede withdraws, returning to stand discreetly near Zeus. Drink deep, he tells himself, and tilts the cup back. Nectar burns him, hallows him, lights a fuse along his veins. "I don't want to talk." He takes a deep breath, and lets it out again. The campers in the Athena cabin have left the moment he'd come in through the door. "I just came to say hi." Tap-tap-tap go the laptop keys, as Annabeth studies the screen intently. "I'm supposed to get the preliminary sketches for the new section done by tomorrow morning," she announces, at last. "I don't have time for this." Tap-tap-tap and beneath it, the undercurrent of silence, and the quiet sound of her breathing, Annabeth focused on her task. He glances around the cabin—well-maintained, except for the mess of papers where Annabeth sleeps. He notices the dark hollows beneath her eyes, the slump of her shoulders, and a crinkled brochure on top of a pile of statue sketches. No boys! Eternal youth! "The Hunters of Artemis?" Annabeth glances over at that pile and shrugs. "Yes." "Don't," he blurts, before he can think it through. "I mean, are you thinking of signing up with them?" "I want to be an architect," Annabeth says, grey gaze very cool. "And the choice is mine to make." It had been his, back then. And he had looked only for a fraction of a second; long before he could have seen what she thought of it. He hadn't thought everything could change, but of course it would. Gods don't age. They don't die. That would always be the wedge, he realises, cracking apart any dream of a future relationship. The silence stretches out between them, growing tauter with the passage of each moment. "Don't you have places to be?" "Yeah," he says. "I'll see you when…whenever." Annabeth's farewell is more murmured than anything else, and her glance sidelong, before she returns to her work. The gods, Percy, says Chiron, do not return their gifts . He adds, You may want to read the story of Tithonus. He does. He understands. Too late, he understands. Aphrodite takes him aside, at one of the times he's on Mount Olympus, acting as his father's trusted lieutenant, "Perseus Jackson." "Aphrodite," he says, in greeting. She shakes her head, lightly. Her eyes are grey, as grey as the sea at first light. As grey, he thinks, as Annabeth's. "I'd better hopes for your story," she tells him. "It was to be a story of love, of how it overcomes all obstacles. Simply exciting! I'd high hopes for the two of you." "And now?" "The gods cannot tell you what is to be," Aphrodite says. "Perhaps the Fates could." She catches his gaze, holds it. "I could've told you what might have been," she says, her sigh wistful. "And what will now not come to pass." Percy swallows. "I guess," he says, quietly. "Thank you." Too much to think of hope, after all. He sees Hestia by the hearth, warming her hands, a jar in her hands. He knows the jar—he gave it into her keeping. A thin, hairline crack runs across it. He keeps to his tasks, after that. Winning a war isn't just about defeating the enemy general—there are forces to clean up, and his dad is busy reclaiming control of the oceans. He helps, always serving as his father's right hand. Triton and Amphitrite speak to him only when they have to. He doesn't quite belong there, Percy learns, after a few months. And he doesn't quite belong at home, either, even though he thinks he might like to give it a try. He could do graduation from high school and college for only long enough before they see he isn't growing any older. Nico takes him to Camp Jupiter, to meet his half-sibling. This is important , a voice tells him in his dream, even if he can't exactly figure out how or why. The Roman demigods aren't so much hostile as indifferent. Sons of Neptune aren't particularly respectable by their lights, but he's now a god, and so they offer him something that might be respect, if you squint hard enough. Back in Camp Half-Blood, Cabin Three is always open to him—he is his father's son, after all. He doesn't meet Annabeth on Mount Olympus, and Athena is decidedly frosty the next time they have occasion to speak. But Camp Half-Blood is no real place for him, any more. He spars with Clarisse until her spear draws a line of burning golden ichor. That's right , he thinks, cradling his side. He's not mortal anymore. He burned it away with a poisoned chalice. There's no cutting the thread now, but the Fates neatly separate it from the others in the greater work taking shape in the loom. Patterns change, all the time. Some are changes so big that the entire work must be rewoven. This is one of them. They select another thread, carefully introduce it into the pattern, into the greater shape of things. There's always going to be that weird guy on the bus you don't want to talk to, Jason Grace thinks, but who you end up sitting beside anyway. His head pounds. He almost can't remember anything at all, and two people his mind says are his best friends (Piper McLean and Leo Valdez, but he can't remember anything about it at all) get to sit together while he's stuck almost at the back of the bus with some weird dude he doesn't even know. He's playing with a pen, spinning it idly about in his fingers. For some reason, it makes Jason feel pretty nervous. Their eyes meet. For some reason, he breaks the cardinal rule of sitting next to weird people on buses and their eyes meet. They're the rich green of the seafoam, frothing when stirred and beaten and flung against a rocky coast by the wind. "Do you believe in fixing your mistakes, Jason?" the other guy asks. So maybe he knows him after all. "Yeah," Jason replies, slowly. Still cautious—something in his brain screams for caution even if he can't place why. By the time he understands what is going on, and the class has gotten off at the Grand Canyon, he can't figure out where the dude went. When the concealed Venti attack, he's forgotten about him, entirely. The stone eyes of his father's statue seem to watch him, even though he's hiding in the alcove. Something else tugs at Jason; a sense of restlessness, as though there's somewhere else he should be. Instinctively, he reaches into his pocket, making sure Ivlivs is there before he stands up and leaves Cabin One. The rough gray stone of Cabin Three calls to him, the seashells glimmering milky-pale in the moonlight. He hesitates at the door for a moment—it isn't his cabin, and he didn't know if it is even permitted. But then he overcomes his reluctance and gently pushes the door open, glancing around curiously. Inside the cabin, the walls glow with a soft light, rippling like sunlight from underwater. He breathes in something his mind tells him is sea salt, hears the murmuring of water. There it is, at the back: a big basin of rock, with a fish-head spout. He draws closer to it, holds out his hand and feels the spray mist his skin. He shouldn't be here. And yet he is. "Hello." Jason turns around, hand moving for his pocket. The figure sits on one of the empty beds in the cabin, watching him. Has he been in the cabin all along? "Sorry," he mutters, embarrassed. "It's a pretty nice cabin," the other camper says, with a shrug. "There's always a breeze in here." "This is your cabin?" Stupid question, Jason thinks, of course it had to be his cabin. The gods aren't known to permit trespassers, and anyone in Neptune's cabin who isn't actually Neptune's kid… "Look, I'm sorry," Jason says. "I'll head back now." The strange feeling of restlessness hasn't dissipated; it seems to grow, needling him. It's a silly idea, wandering around camp at night. All the same… "Wait." Jason pauses, turns his head back. The other camper says, "I guess it must be pretty rough. You just show up, and don't remember anything. And Chiron and the spirits acting all weird around you." "How do you know?" Jason demands. He receives a faint smile in response. "Something pretty big is coming up, Jason. You forgot all those things for a reason. Best hang tight." "What is it?" He blinks. No, that can't be right. The camper is nowhere to be found; sea spray drifts throughout the cabin interior, and the breeze blows a crumpled piece of paper across the cabin floor. Jason steps cautiously towards it, and picks it up. It's crinkled everywhere, as if it'd been folded and unfolded repeatedly. It read, Brace Yourself. "I ran into a pretty weird camper in Cabin Three," Jason says. He doesn't know if Annabeth can give him answers but something tells him to talk about it anyway. Annabeth freezes. When she finally responds, her voice is chilly. "There is no camper in Cabin Three," she says, quietly. "The last camper was…lost in the war against Kronos and his Titans." Jason has a sudden impression of a spear in his hand, and a gigantic man with ram's horns, but the moment he tries to pursue it, it turns to snatches of mist in his mind. "The war?" "Yeah." She runs a hand through her blond hair. She looks more tired than ever, and Jason realises with a start that she looks dead on her feet. "Look, Jason. Ask Chiron to tell you about it?" The wind snatches some of the papers from her hands—she makes a startled grab for them, and Jason helps her with the rest. They're in Ancient Greek, he realises, and he's not very good with that. It's as though his brain sees Latin first, and then the Greek, and so it takes him a while to realise the writing is mirrored. Not that he's asking her about it. It's hers, and he doesn't really like to pry. "I will." A belated reply. He fidgets, finally settles for asking her to get some more rest. She echoes his words; Jason gets the strangest feeling that there's something Annabeth's hiding. He just doesn't have the right, really, to ask her what it is. He doesn't actually end up asking Chiron about the war. Instead, he's leaving on a quest to free Hera from her foes. In his dreams, there's a teenager there, dark-haired, with those sea-green eyes that have been haunting him since the encounter in Cabin Three. "What do you want?" Jason wants to know. "Are you ready?" the other counters, ignoring his question. "For what?" Jason asks. He's growing suspicious of