AN - So I have overhauled my account and removed all of my stories but two. I'm sorry to those still reading White Lies but it will probably end up discontinued. To anyone reading this on a site that's not then disregard the above information. Summary- This is a story about people, feelings and corruption. This is most definitely a story about magic. Because there is a lot more to the world of magic than just silly wand waving. When Harry decides to start making choices independent from Dumbledore's influence he discovers a much more than he expected. Perspective changes everything. It can also make things weird. Warning- This story contains Domestic Violence! Thank you to my Betaminijaxter Disclaimer - I own nothing in this story that is from the Harry Potter Universe. It is all owned by J.K. Rowling. Anything original in this story that may be similar to another work is coincidence and not intentional. Harry Potter and the Magic of Perspective Or (A.K.A) Verum Inhereditas Chapter 1 Weird Day Tan hands pressed down on the soft top soil surrounding the delicate young sprout, being careful not to damage the fragile stem. Harry looked down at the small plant and contemplated how much it resembled Italian parsley. It was a hot muggy day on Privet Drive, and the air was heavy with moisture that pressed down on Harry's mind, it was a thick film of condensation that settled onto his thoughts making them fuzzy and slow. He stared at the little green plant as it swayed in the light breeze, when suddenly there was a shadow cast over him. Harry looked up at his cousin; normally having the larger (now much more in shape) boy looming over him would be followed by unpleasant events, but Dudley held two glasses of lemonade with a nervous smile on his face. "It's a rather hot day…" Dudley exclaimed lamely. Harry nodded, he felt rather disconnected and wasn't sure what would fall from his lips if he tried to speak. He accepted the cold glass that was handed to him and took a long swig. The cool beverage helped Harry recover his wits, he turned around to thank his cousin and found the other boy sitting in a lawn chair. When had he set that up? Dudley leaned forward and examined the small herb garden that Harry was planting with a critical eye. "So what's that?" He pointed at the last sprout Harry had lovingly surrounded with dirt. "ehhhhh… ermmm…" Harry found himself making odd unintelligible noises. He had not recovered enough wit to come up with a good lie. "Oh, don't worry I won't tell mum. When you got back from buying the plants I saw one of the cards. It wasn't a plant I thought went into an herb garden," Dudley reassured. Harry sighed and sat back with his hands on the ground behind him. This summer Aunt Petunia had gotten it in her head that she wanted an herb garden, some bollocks about it being healthier and trendy. So of course it became Harry's job to plant one. She left it to her nephew to buy the plants from the local market. So Harry bought herbs, just not the ones that his Aunt probably wanted. What harm could come from Dudley knowing more? He already knew they were the wrong plants and hadn't told his mum. "That's mugwort." Dudley nodded, "Is it a magic-y plant?" Harry smiled. It was odd, ever since Sirius died, he never felt like smiling except for when his cousin showed his new uncharacteristic interest in magic. "Sort of... It is used in potions but is also edible just by itself. Muggles consider it a weed." Harry found a sick joy in planting a "weed" in his aunt's garden. The conversation continued for a few minutes. Dudley asked questions about potions, he was very interested in magic that could be done without a wand. Harry worked while his cousin talked, and when Dudley's voice moved to his left side, Harry was surprised to find his cousin on the ground helping him plant. Harry gave Dudley a puzzled look. "What? I have been slowing you down with my chatting and if you're not finished when dad gets home he won't be happy." Dudley looked a bit pale at the idea of his dad being unhappy. "What's it to you if Vernon's unhappy with me?" "Well you know, he blames you for the attack last summer…" Dudley looked down at his work and stayed suspiciously quiet. Harry stopped working and looked closely at him; he was pale and a bit sweaty. "Dud… is Vernon bothering you?" Dudley seemed to focus on his planting with a laser precision, "Never mind you." Harry decided to let the topic drop. No reason to push his cousin if he didn't want to talk about it. He understood that sentiment very well. Harry was about to voice his understanding when a wave a dizziness washed over him, it felt like a breeze fluttered through his mind and wiped away all his thoughts. He swayed for a moment but then steadied himself. Dudley didn't seem to notice and started asking questions again. "So… Potions is like chemistry?" Harry glanced at Dudley, "Sort of, I guess." Dudley nodded, "Does that mean that… m.. mu…. Muggles? That how you say it?" Harry nodded. "Well can Muggles make them?" Harry stopped working for a moment to think, he reached up and scratched his nose leaving a dirt smudge. "I don't think so… when you brew a potion there are a bunch of rules about stirring and how to prepare ingredients." Harry collected his thoughts for a moment, Dudley sat back for what he assumed was a bit of a lesson. "See I have a friend who is muggle-born, means both her parents have no magic." Dudley sat up straight, "that can happen?" Harry nodded "Yeah, but I will get back to that. So my friend looked up a bunch of stuff about muggles and magic. She learned that all the stuff you do while making a potion is like a ritual that infuses the potion with some of the maker's magic, plus the magic that is naturally in some ingredients. Together it creates the potion." He was surprised he could recall so much information with such clarity. Dudley pondered this for a moment, "so if there is magic in the potion then will it work on muggles?" The answer popped right into Harry's head, he could recall the sound of Hermione's voice as she told him. "Yes and no. See, any potion that is meant to have a short term effect like basic healing potions and such, will probably work on a muggle because it only uses the magic in the potion. Any potion that has a long term effect will run out of magic but then supplements it with a bit of the wizard's magic, like draught of living death that keeps the user in a sleeping death like state." Dudley's face took on a look of intense concentration, "So you're saying that some potions will work and ones that are meant to last a long time or work for a long time will just stop working on a muggle. Like for those potions the magic is a catalyst?" Harry's eyes became wide, Dudley sounded… smart. "I reckon that's about right, where did you learn words like catalyst?" Dudley became slightly red, "been studying… I might need a plan B, you know… if boxing doesn't work out. Dad thinks I'm being a pansy." A large smile lit up Harry's face, "well, I think it's brilliant." Dudley smiled back, both of them turned to their work. Harry was slowly realizing that his cousin was able to pull him out of his depressed mood because he was like a representation of hope. For the last week Harry had been moping around and feeling sorry for himself, but then there was Dudley everyday being less afraid, less prejudice and really trying to improve himself. Harry was still very guilty and very sad, but having his cousin trying to understand him and making up for all the bad years was… uplifting. He hoped Sirius was watching him and smiling, his godfather had always wanted to shake off all the pure blood mentality and right here in his godsons home, was progress. Harry felt another blanket of fuzzy thoughts descend over his mind as he continued planting, but it was only a few minutes later when his quiet was broken by a strange sound. It was like someone was trying to hold back laughter or… Harry glanced at Dudley, he wasn't crying but his eyes were glassy and a bit red. He seemed to be trying very hard not to make any sound. Harry reached out awkwardly and placed his hand on his cousin's arm. Dudley turned towards him. "Sorry," he mumbled. "It's OK… do you want to… I don't know, talk about it?" Harry mumbled back. This was new territory for them, but who did Dudley really have to talk to? His family was… his family... and his friends were not very genuine. "It's just… I was hoping you could help me by making a potion that would make dad nicer." Dudley turned completely red. "But then you told me about how it won't last on a muggle so… it doesn't matter." Harry was confused, why would Dudder's want Vernon to be nicer, he was only mean to Harry. "Why…?" Harry wasn't sure how to word his question but Dudley seemed to understand and suddenly burst with a flood of words. "BECAUSE!" He yelled but stopped when he realized how loud he was "Because…," He hissed. "He's mean to you; he's mean to anything different, not just magic. But… but I KNOW you saved me from those Dementy things and that makes you OK in my book, BUT he thinks it's all your fault! AND because he's mean to me about wanting to be smarter… and because… because mum told me about Aunt Lily after the Dementy attack and… dad overheard… and..." Dudley was unable to get the words out, he was thoroughly upset. Harry was shocked, he could feel the blood draining from his face. "What did he do to your mum?" Dudley shook his head and took a deep breath, "just forget it Harry, there's nothing we can do right now…" Harry's expression was hard, he didn't love his aunt but he didn't want anything bad to happen to her. Vernon's only redeeming quality was that he loved his wife and son, but his love was apparently conditional. When he had first gotten home for summer Vernon had knocked him around a bit rougher than usual but Harry assumed it was because his "crazy criminal" godfather was gone. That night he heard his Aunt and Uncle arguing. It was odd since they almost never argued because Petunia just submitted. The next morning his aunt had a bruise on her arm and one on her collar bone. Harry had suspicions but couldn't figure out what would cause Vernon to turn on his wife. "There is something we can do; just because we can't use a long term potion doesn't mean we can't use short term ones… a lot of them." Harry made eye contact with Dudley, who smiled back. The curtains of the kitchen window facing the back yard shifted, the movement caught Harry's eye. He peeked over just in time to see his aunt turn away. The sun was just touching the horizon when Harry and Dudley stood to look at the herb garden they had planted. The sinking sun created a halo of liquid light that bloomed over the fence and surrounded the house. If Harry hadn't grown up here, he would think it was a pleasant place to live. "I better get inside and clean up before dad gets home," Dudley grimaced as he spoke.