Disclaimer: i don't own any of the characters of Lord of the Rings! This has been Edited and re-uploaded. The small white hare jumped over a fallen log and didn't pause in its landing to continue in its attempt to escape the predator chasing it. It tried to lose its pursuer as it twisted around bends and turns. Using the forest floor to its advantage. Its chaser was bulky and unable to follow the exact movements of its prey but was able to make up with it with speed alone. Finally the hare made the mistake of running across a wet patch of leaves and lost its footing. That was all the predator need. The beast closed its massive jaw around the small animal and crushed it under the pressure of its teeth. Kill the hare quickly and silently. The beast dropped its quarry on the ground. Ready to dig in when a mix of scents caught on the wind and drew their attention away from the dead meat. The smells of firewood, cooked food, sweaty feet, lots of sweaty feet. The beast followed the scent, curious to know what new creatures carried such smells. It followed the scent through the woods. Catching up with the source of the smell mixed with death and the sound of the a horse caught her attention. Their stomach growled and they licked their muzzle at the thought of catching a whole horse to eat. Finally they came to the road leading through the woods. The beast sat still in the bushes, feeling the sharp branches tug uncomfortably on their matted fur. When the the horse and rider, in pure black, came into view they jumped at the chance. They landed in front of the rider. Startling the horse and the rider struggled to contain their mount. The beast lowered and tensed, ready to sprint, and growled. Showing off the sharp knife like teeth to the rider. Frodo heard a fierce growl that had him and the others trembling in fear. He clutched the One Ring. Fear clutching at his heart. He still had so far to go, he couldn't die now. The horse of the Black Rider neighed and they heard it move uneasy. The Rider tried to get the horse to steady but the beast in front of them was scaring it. It barked and stalked closer. The horse reared up and turned around. Running without his Rider's consent. Frodo gulped and looked through the roots again. Instead of seeing horse hoofs. He saw black paws bigger than his hand. Talons dug into the packed dirt of the road. A nose appeared next, sniffing at the dirt. The beast jumped down in front of them. Causing the Hobbits to jump. It was a dog or a wolf, bigger than anything they had seen. Frodo could probably ride it. It was black with matted fur sticking to its bony body. Yet you could still see the muscles it had. It's muzzle and nose was dripping with blood. It's dark eyes gazed at them. A wild flame of life burned in them. The moment was tense, till it sat down with a heavy thump, its tongue lolled out of the side of its mouth. Looking like a overgrown, friendly dog. "It's no wonder why the Rider was scared off. That thing could probably eat a horse Mr. Frodo." Sam whispered to Frodo. The beast stared at Frodo with a tilt of their head, looking curiously at the Hobbits. . Frodo would not, however, be ever tempted to pet it. "What's going on?" Pippin asked. Ignoring the beast. "That Black Rider was looking for something...or someone, Frodo?" Merry inquired. "I have to leave the Shire. Sam and I must get to Bree." Frodo said. Merry nodded. "Right. Buckleberry Ferry. Follow me." The Hobbits, plus the beast, made their way to Buckleberry ferry. They had tried to shoo the creature but it came back quickly. Frodo gave up and considered it another member of his group. It cause some calmness among the group. The Hobbits didn't fear the dark with the beast trailing behind them. sending out a bark when something would come too close within its hearing range. Frodo wandered if it had been drawn to them by the Ring. A second Black Rider suddenly appeared along their path. The beast growled loudly causing the horse to become uneasy. The Hobbits took off running towards the bridge. Frodo was delayed as the others ran on. The beast stayed behind with him. Growling loudly in warning and to encourage Frodo on. The Hobbits jumped over the fence and ran towards the river. The Riders followed the chase, hot on Frodo's heels with the beast snapping at the Riders. "Run! This way, follow me! Run!" Pippin yelled. "Get the rope Sam!" Merry yelled. Merry and Sam each uncoiled a mooring while Pippin started to push off. "Frodo!" Sam cried. The three Hobbits were on the raft calling for him. "Run Frodo!" They called. Frodo pushed his feet harder. The beast pushed itself between Frodo's legs and forced the Hobbit onto it's back. Frodo grabbed hold of its fur. Feeling the beast move under him. The beast's legs running much faster than his own. "Go!" Frodo yelled ahead of him. "Hurry!" They yelled back. The beast leap onto the raft, Frodo falling off their back. The Riders stop short of the water and squealed in frustration. The beast howled in return. The sound chilling the Hobbits to the bone. The Hobbits see the Rider ride away, followed by two others. "How far to the nearest crossing?" Frodo asked. The Beast lay down on the raft. The raft trembled on its weight. Frodo brushed its neck in thanks. "Brandywine Bridge. Twenty miles." Merry said. The Hobbits arrived at the gate of Bree, soaking wet due to the pouring rain. The beast trailed behind them. It's ears close to its head, not liking the rain yet still willing to follow the Hobbits through it. They pause, uncertain how to declare themselves. "Come on." Frodo urged them on. He knocked on the gate. A small peep hope opened high above them, then slams shut. Another opens, nearer their eye level. A wizened face peers out against the downpour. "What do you want?" The gatekeeper irascibly asked. "We're heading to the Prancing Pony." Frodo said. "Hobbits! Four hobbits and a beast! What business brings you to Bree." He asked. He opened the gate and stooped down to throw his lantern light over them. The beast shook it's fur out. "Alright young sir, I meant no offense. 'Tis my job to ask question after nightfall. There's talk of strange folk abroad. Can't be too careful." He ushered them inside. The Hobbits followed by the beast. Made their way up the cobbled path, through the motley crowd, which jostled and bumped them. The crowd stayed away from the beast. Frodo looked up and spotted the sign of the Prancing Pony. The four Hobbits and beast enter the Inn. It was crowded, noisy and poorly-lit. The beast shook their fur out again. Getting attention from people around the room. A man in a hood, sitting in the far corner sat up straighter upon seeing the beast. The Hobbits pull back their hoods, glad to be out of the wet. Merry and Pippin breathe sighs of relief. Frodo stepped up to the bar, which rose far above his head. "Excuse me?" Frodo asked. Buffer leaned down over the bar. "Good evening, little masters! If you're looking for accommodation we've got some nice, cozy, hobbit-sized rooms available Mr. uh-" He asked. "-Underhill, my name's Underhill." Frodo filled in. "Underhill. Yes..." Buffer nodded. "We're friends of Gandalf the Grey. Can you tell him we've arrived."? Frodo asked. "Gandalf? Gandalf? Ohhh yes! I remember, elderly chap, big grey beard, pointy hat... Not seem him for 6 months." the Hobbits are shocked. Worry crossed their faces. "What do we do now?" Sam asked. The Hobbits were seated at a table in the taproom of the Prancing Pony. The beast sat on the floor beside them. Eating a large meal big enough for the four Hobbits to eat themselves. The air was dark and smoke-filled. The beast was slightly hidden in the dark. Drunken men laughed raucously. Several glance suspiciously at the Hobbits. Frodo looked worried, as does Sam. "Sam. He'll be here. He'll come." Frodo assured more of himself than Sam. Merry sat down at the table. He is holding a huge stein beer, which he sets down reverently. "What's that?" Pippin asked. Merry gazed at it in rapt admiration. "This my friend, is a pint." Pippin gasped. "It comes in pints? I'm getting one." Pippin rushed to the bar. The Men of Bree, amused, make way for him and he made himself comfortable in their company. "You had a hold half already!" Sam exclaimed. Sam turned back to his mug. After a moment, he nudged Frodo and gestured to the corner of the room. The beast looked up from their finished meal. Licking its muzzle and showing off some of its sharp teeth. A dark cloaked figure sat alone regarding them. His face was invisible inside his hood. "That fellow's done nothin' but stare at you since we arrived. And I don't like how he's been looking at our friend either." Sam said, gesturing to the beast. Frodo took Buffer aside. "Excuse me, that man in the corner, who is he?" He asked. Buffer looked to the stranger. "He's one of them rangers. Dangerous folk they are-wandering the wilds. What his right name is I've never heard, but around here, he's known as Strider." He said and walked away. "Strider..." Frodo said. Strider lit his pipe. Only the gleam of his eyes can be discerned above the glow of the burning tobacco. Strider and the beast had a stare down before he looked away. Frodo started to play with the Ring. It started to whisper, tempting him. "Baggins, Baggins, Baggins, Baggins! Baggins!" The beast heard the whispers and whined. "Baggins!" Frodo snapped out of his reverie. "Sure I know a Baggins. He's over there with the giant dog, Frodo Baggins. He's my second cousin once removed on his mother's side." The listeners laughed. "And my third cousin twice removed on his father's side, if you follow me." Pippin chatted with his new friends. Strider sat up, his attention fairly caught. Frodo rushed towards the bar to stop Pippin from babbling further. "Pippin!" Frodo yelled and grabbed Pippin. "Steady on, Frodo!" Frodo slipped on someone's boot and falls back, tossing the Ring into the air. As he caught it, the Ring slipped onto Frodo's finger. He disappeared. The beast jumped and barked. Bree folk gasped in surprise. Strider became alarmed. Outside the village, the Black Riders were alerted and turn around, making for Bree. Frodo, now in the shadow world, looked around in bewildered. He then saw an immense singular orb, lidless eye, steadied in flame. The Eye of Sauron stares down at him. "You cannot hide! I see you! There is no life in the void, only death!" Frodo backed away, terrified. He gripped for the Ring, unable to tear his gaze from the hideous Eye. Finally he wrenched the Ring off, reappearing with a relieved sigh, beside Strider's table. "Ah!" He exclaimed. The beast came running over. Strider grabbed him from behind. "You draw far too much attention to yourself 'Mr. Underhill' ." Strider tossed him up stairs, flung open the door of his room, threw Frodo in and shut the door behind the beast that followed. Frodo stumbled, fell to his knees, and stood up quickly, putting his back to the wall. "What do you want?" Frodo asked. Feeling only a slight comfort from the growling beast in the room. "A little more caution from you. That is no trinket you carry. Hush!" Strider yelled at the growling beast. Frodo finally saw just how big it truly