Back with a new story! Don't worry I'm still working on Unexpected, I just couldn't get this idea out of my head! See you guys at the bottom! "That's the last box." Emmett drops what seems like the fifteenth box of Alice's clothes on the floor and it lands with a hard thud. "Can you actually move it over there by the hall? Jasper is bringing in the table right now and that's where I envision it going." Alice bats her eyelashes at her brother-in-law who glares at her in return. "Really? Because I think it would look great thrown out on the lawn. In fact, why don't I just do that for you now?" Emmett picks the box back up and is about to head for the door when Alice stops him. "WAIT! I changed my mind, the table will look good somewhere else, you can leave that there." Emmett smirks and drops the box while Alice glares at him. I shake my head laughing while continuing to unpack the box of books I have in front of me. Emmett, who is Alice's brother-in-law and Jasper her boyfriend, were gracious enough to help us move into our new house. It's pretty small, only two bedrooms and the dining room is in the living room, but it has great personality. At least that's what Alice had said to convince me. With the turquoise front door and black shutters on the windows I was inclined to agree. Besides, it's not like we didn't live together in a 700 sq ft apartment these past four years. This house is like a mansion in comparison. Alice and I had both recently graduated from Washington State University. Alice moved back home with her parents and I stayed behind, spending a couple of extra months in Seattle to relax and figure out where I wanted to go. My options were pretty bleak, either go back to Arizona to be with my Dad or somewhere completely foreign to me. One night, a few weeks after graduation, I received a call from a crying Alice telling me how much she missed me and begging me to come to Forks. She said I would love it and we'd get a place together. I let her go on and on for a few minutes trying to convince me even though I already knew that's what I wanted to do. When I finally interrupted her rant with a "HELL YES" she screamed so loud, nearly bursting my ear drum before excitingly telling me she knew the perfect place for us to rent and that she'd call me back tomorrow. I tied up a few loose ends over the next few weeks, then packed my bags and drove the nearly three hours from Seattle to Forks, a beautiful small town in the middle of no where. "Why the hell couldn't Edward come help?" Jasper complained while dragging the small bar height table top behind him. At the mention of Alice's older brother's name, I fumbled the smutty novel I was glancing through, nearly dropping it. I casually closed the book and tucked it behind a group of encyclopedias while looking around to make sure no one noticed. I have never actually met Edward. Though I have seen multiple pictures of him and listened to many Face Time calls that he's had with Alice. I may have even flicked the bean to thoughts of him a few times. Sue me. He's smart, witty, and has the voice tenor of an ex-con or a mafia boss that orders people to be killed. Minus the accent. Oh and I forgot to mention that he is fuck-hot. Like insanely hot. Like I'd probably kick a puppy just to have a chance to lick his face hot. "Because he had scientist shit to do, like usual." Emmett replies, pulling my from my daydream of licking Edward. "Like trying to figure out how to have an orgasm without the help of a female or his hand?" Jasper snickers. "HA!" I let out an embarrassingly loud laugh. If that's what you can even call it. The mere though of Edward having an orgasm apparently caused my brain to short-circuit. The guys continue their conversation as if they didn't hear my choking donkey impession. "Maybe he prefers help from the male variety." Emmett busts a nut laughing at Jasper's lame joke while my heart plummets. I hadn't even thought of that being a possibility. Not that he and I would be a possibility either. We'd have to at least be on a first name basis, which we weren't. I shake off the depressing thoughts and try to change the subject. "I appreciate your guys' help. I'm sorry I didn't have a buff guy to come help move my stuff." "Don't sweat it little B. There's plenty of muscle between the two of us to get this shit done." Emmett flexes while I notice Jasper trying to discreetly push his biceps up with his fists while his arms are crossed over his chest. Alice notices and rubs his back as if to comfort him. While Emmett is indeed built like a body builder, Jasper is of the smaller variety. He's probably a few inches taller than Alice's 5'4" frame and could very well weigh same. While his scrawny build may not be intimidating I'm almost positive his dread-lock man bun scares off plenty of women. After another hour or so of unpacking, I make the mistake of complaining that I'm hungry. "I have an idea!" Alice yells. I know that look in her eye and I'm officially scared. It's the same look she had right before trying to pimp me out to her Lit professor to get a good grade without having to sleep with him herself. "How about we go out for drinks! Bella, there are so many eligible bachelors here. I know it's a small town but believe me this place is crawling. I mean, if I was single..." She trails off while fanning her face. "If you were single you'd what?" Jasper asks incredulously. She doesn't answer him, just turns and kisses him hard. After a few seconds of Emmett and I staring at them with disgusted looks on our faces, Alice pulls away, leaving a poor Jasper confused and I assume, turned-on. "So what do you think?" Ali asks. Jasper's previous train of thought is obviously forgotten, and I'm guessing that's what she was trying to do. "A drink sounds good to me. I'll call Rosie and ask her to meet us there." Emmett grabs his phone and heads down the hall towards the bathroom. "Alice I don't know. I'm kind of tired and I still have a shit ton of boxes to unpack. As do you." "Yes, but they will still be here tomorrow. You don't start working for another couple of weeks so we have plenty of time. I'll even let you sleep in. Come on Bella please?" She's begging me with her big shit brown colored eyes that are just like mine and I cave because honestly a couple of strawberry daiquiris do sound good after all of this manual labor. "Fine, but you can't try to hook me up with anyone. No matter how well their shirt matches their shoes or how clean their finger nails are. Are we clear?" "Hey! Those are tell-tale signs of a man that has his shit together. That's what drew me to Jaspy here." She smiles up at him adoringly and notices that this line of conversation has reminded him of her earlier comments of being single. Before he can speak though, she's back to sucking on his face. "Hey, you guys don't have any toilet paper." Emmett comments as he walks back from the hall towards us, now sans shirt. "Where the? Did you seriously just take a shit in our bathroom and wipe with your shirt?!" I screech. "Where the hell did you put it?" "A man has to do what a man has to do. Maybe next time you'll have the place stocked with necessities." His smirk fades into worry. "Hey listen, can you make sure you get Charmin or something like that? The cheap shit tends to make me raw." "Emmett that's fucking disgusting. You need to know the girl for at least a week before you start talking about your asshole." Jasper chides. "Sorry Bella." "That's okay Em. And don't worry, I only buy the expensive stuff for this pussy." Emmett and Jasper look at me shocked while Alice laughs hysterically. "You should see your guys' faces! I told you Bella was the shit! Now lets get out of here, I'm starving." 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 An hour later we're sitting inside of a small bar along the ocean. The back wall is made up of tall open windows that are currently letting in the end of summer breeze. I'm about three daiquiris in, feeling good, when I notice two guys heading towards our table. "Look down at the table Alice, do NOT make eye contact. Desperate Dan and his buddy are approaching." I hiss. Alice looks around before recognition dawns and her face lights up. "BEN! SAM! Over here!" She starts waving them towards us even though they're only five feet away. "You have to meet my roommate from college." "Fuck you Alice, you promised!" I hiss under my breath, keeping my eyes trained on the napkin in my hands that I'm now ripping to shreds. "Oh hush, and be nice. One of these men could be the Ross to your Rachael". She whispers before turning back to Dumb and Dumber and smiling wide. "Guys this is Bella, Bella this is Sam and Ben." She pulls the napkin out of my death grip and kicks my shin under the table. I begrudgingly lift my head and look at the men she's so excited for me to meet. I have no idea which one is which, nor do I care. "Hi." Is my curt response. I don't even try to shake the pale sweaty hand one of them thrust in my face. I just grab my straw and take a long pull from my drink. Emmett's laugh breaks the silence and thankfully draws the attention from me. "Em my man! Long time no see. How have you been?" The sweaty hand one asks. "Dude, I just saw you last week when you were buying dirty magz from the Harry's minute-mart." Em laughs. Sweaty hand guy chokes on a cough before vehemently denying purchasing such a thing. "I was not... that was not me! I don't look at such things. I find that completely belittling to women. Don't you think so Bella?" "I actually enjoy the occasional dirty movie so no, I can't agree with you." I take another pull from my drink, slurping up the last remnants before excusing myself to get another from the bartender. "I'll get it for you!" Alice all but demands, taking my glass from my hand and leaving before I can argue. Emmett, Jasper, me, and the two unwelcome dudes are all standing around awkwardly before my new BFF Emmett breaks the silence. I'll let Alice know she lost her friend card later. That's what she gets for deliberately ignoring my 'don't set me up' rule. "So... Sam, you still living in your moms basement?" I let out out a burst of laughter before disguising it as a cough. Sam, who I can now tell is the tall Indian guy, looks appalled. "Excuse me, I do not live in my mother's basement. I rent an apartment below her house." Sam replies and Emmett just nods with his lower lip puckered out like he's only agreeing with him out of sympathy. Sam is actually starting to look angry so I decide to change the subject. "Where's Rosalie? I'm really looking forward to meeting her." "She should be here soon. She had to drop off Chase with the 'Rents." Chase is