Author's Notes: This is the sequel to my previous story, 'I Do What I Want' If you have not read that first, then I am afraid you will be horribly confused. I was not going to post the sequel to this story on this site because this is SLASH and has about the same amount of mature content that the last story had. I will warn you all when that is happening and provide the means to skip over it should you wish to do so. I sincerely apologize for the wait in the sequel, I just wasn't sure about posting it here. I actually have the entire sequel finished, so it will be a matter of posting it. I am currently working on the third installment. DISCLAIMER: I do not own Harry Potter in any fashion. This is my imagination at work. The originals all belong to J.K Rowling. I am not making any money off of my story. "I feel like we are forgetting something." Harry mused out loud. He hated feeling like that. It felt like forgetting a locked door or wondering if the oven was left on. That type of thing. He wracked his brain trying to remember what it was that he forgot, but nothing was coming to mind. Typical. Draco paused in his attempts to drag Harry quicker. He just wanted to get to the sanctuary already. They had only been in Singapore a couple of days, but they still hadn't had an opportunity to visit the magical creature sanctuary. They may have spent some rather pleasurable days just getting lost in each other's bodies, instead of sightseeing. "Something important? Or just like you forgot to wear pants?" Harry rolled his eyes but his mouth was twitching. "Now that you mention it…" He teased with a smirk. Draco blinked as he traveled up and down Harry's body. They were both in muggle clothing but it did nothing to hide how delicious his husband looked. He tried to think back to their conversation they were having but his mind couldn't help but wonder if Harry really wasn't wearing any pants underneath his trousers. Harry's smirk widened at the distracted blonde. "Stop picturing me naked or we will never make it." He warned. A long drawn out sigh was his answering reply. Draco shook his head to clear the lovely lust that had been rooting. "Such a tease." Draco grumbled before he started pulling on Harry's hand again. "You never did answer my question though." He pointed out. "I don't know." Harry admitted, slightly in frustration. "I just feel like we were supposed to do something and we didn't do it." Draco shot him a leer. "I know what I would like to do." He waggled his brows suggestively. Harry sighed heavily. "That is something you have definitely not forgotten to do." He shook his head at his incredibly horny husband. "Later." Harry promised. As much as he would like to play it off or pretend that it was only Draco that got like this, it would be pointless. They both knew that he wanted Draco as much as his soulmate wanted him. "I will hold you to that-" Draco stopped talking when he caught sight of their destination. Harry frowned when his lover paused. He looked up and his eyes widened. It was beautiful. They had talked to the person in charge of their suite and the wizard had warned them that they would have to travel through a muggle attraction to get to the sanctuary… they just didn't expect the attraction to be so gorgeous. Birds. There were birds everywhere. Harry knew that the place was called Bird Park… he just didn't think it actually meant that the entire place was an aviary. He grabbed the nearest tourist map off of an employee and looked it over. Draco looked over the map with his lover and let out a whistle. "Harry there has got to be at least three hundred different bird species in here." He looked around and was impressed with the muggles that built the place. "Four hundred." Harry corrected with a shake of his head as he read over the map. "Over five thousand birds are inside the aviary." He wondered if this was the largest aviary in the world. He hadn't ever paid much attention to things like that before. "There." Draco pointed out a destination on the map. "We have to go through there to get to the sanctuary." He had wondered why the magical sanctuary would be in the middle of a muggle attraction but he was now understanding the situation. The place was hiding in plain sight. Harry hummed in thought. "That is right between the areas for Pelicans and Parrots." Which was on the other side of the park from the entrance. Draco did not like the idea of walking that far. "Oh look." He said in delight. "There is a train we can take." The muggles were genius. Not that he was going to admit that, but it was true nonetheless. They quickly boarded the train and settled in to wait for more people to get in so they could take off. There were fast conversations happening all around them. Singapore was a widely diverse place. Many different languages being spoken, and not a single one of them did they understand. They had used a translation spell but when talking to muggles, that didn't work very well. Sure, the spell translated what the muggle would say, but they couldn't use the spell to translate their own words back. It was the spell that would take their own words and translate them to the person. The spell would seriously freak out the muggle if they weren't careful. So when talking to non-wizards, they had to try and find someone to translate for them or just hope the person spoke English. Draco put his hands on the seat in front of him and leaned forward, he was trying to take a better look at the birds that he could barely see in the distance. He hoped that after the sanctuary, Harry wouldn't mind sticking around and looking at the birds. He barely paid the person in front of him any mind. He made sure not to get into their personal space as he narrowed his eyes in concentration. He wasn't an expert on non-magical animals. So he wasn't sure what kind of bird he was trying to look at. "Aren't you a little young to be married?" An attitude filled voice interrupted his musings. Draco startled slightly at the voice. He looked over to see the lady in front of them had turned disapproving eyes on his hands that were still on her seat. He looked down and noticed that she was staring at his wedding ring. He narrowed his eyes at her, as he was filled with annoyance. She was an older lady, at least sixty. She had an accent that suggested that she knew English but it wasn't her first language. He wasn't sure if she was native to Singapore or not, he didn't care. "Aren't you a little old to be a judgmental, daft, rude bint? Surely more than wisdom comes with age." He retorted angrily. Harry groaned at that. He knew the lady had been rude but it was like Draco just had no filter. It was a wonder that he could take his husband anywhere. A dramatic gasp was his reply. "Excuse me?" The lady asked in outrage. "It was just a question. There was no need to be rude." Draco arched an elegant eyebrow. "So was mine. Yes, I am married and yes, I am young. What the two have to do with anything, is beyond me. I am lucky enough to have found the love of my life at a young age. If that bothers you, then get the fuck over it. Besides, what do you care if I am married? Do you get easily upset over what strangers who have nothing to do with you, do with their own lives? Lives that again, have nothing to do with you?" There was a pregnant pause as Draco waited for the lady to either finish her argument or to shut up altogether. "Where is the respect for your elders?" Draco looked up to see another passenger a couple seats up turn to complain. He looked rather unimpressed at the nosy man. "Respect? That isn't something that can be demanded of anyone. It is earned. I refuse to respect someone that has not shown me any respect. I don't care if you are five or fifty-five, age holds no importance when it comes to respect. If you show me respect, then I will show you that same respect back. She was rude and judgmental towards my life choices, which have nothing to do with her and yet you think I should respect someone like that just because they are old as dirt?" His tone of voice suggested the man had lost his mind. Draco had been prepared to lay into the man but a gentle hand on his knee stopped him. He gripped Harry's hand on his body tightly. He narrowed his eyes at the man and the old lady. "Let's just keep our opinions to ourselves and enjoy the ride in silence." He suggested before dismissing them completely and turning his attention towards Harry. The wait before the train took off, was rather tense. Harry could practically feel the displeasure from the two rude passengers, but it was nothing to the anger he could feel from Draco. He leaned in till he pressed his mouth up against his lover's ear. "They don't know our love, Draco. They don't know us and they don't know what they are talking about." He whispered before pressing a gentle kiss against the hallow of his soulmate's throat. Draco felt his anger melt away and had to marvel at how quickly Harry could tame him. He should probably worry about that, but he just couldn't bring himself to care. Despite the rough beginning to the ride, Draco was enjoying all of the birds that he could see as they made their way around the park. "Look Harry!" Harry smiled widely at the pure joy and enthusiasm he could feel from his soulmate. He rested his head on Draco's shoulder in contentment as he looked at every bird that Draco wanted to show him. "Ooo. What kind of bird is that one?" Draco wondered as the train stopped for a brief moment at the next station. Harry looked at the blue bird with an almost afro of feathers on its head. "I think it is some type of pigeon." He looked down at the map and nodded his head when his hunch was correct. It was a crowned pigeon. Draco blinked in disappointment before his eyes widened. "Oh! Look over there! It's a toucan." Harry couldn't stop smiling at Draco's enthusiasm, he couldn't remember a time when he had seen Draco so relaxed and free. Things had been tense for a long time. Even before the darkness there had been the trial and everything going on with the Weasleys. They didn't have a whole lot of time to just enjoy their surroundings or each other until now. He adored the happiness in the bond. Loved the positive and carefree emotions from Draco. Draco could feel happiness from Harry but he was too distracted by all the different birds to really pay attention to why his lover was happy. He was just glad that he was. Harry deserved to be happy and he was glad that Harry was enjoying their honeymoon. At the next train stop, Harry and Draco quickly got off. They would have to walk a little bit but that was alright. They didn't even pay attention to the relieved breath that the old lady let out at their departure. They were too caught up in