Author's Notes: So, this story started out just as a prompt. It was a popular prompt that I have seen quite a few times. One where a bunch of girls are gushing over the cute bartender and don't realize that the man is not only taken but also gay... with his partner in the room. It was just going to be a smutty one shot... but... then this happened. The idea literally came to me and I had to run with it. I love where this story is going to go and I hope that you all do as well. If you have been following my 'I Do' Series, no worries, I am still writing that. I just needed to clear some writers block and that is where the prompts come in. If you have not been following my 'I Do' Series and are a fan of Drarry... well... by all means check it out! I know this is only the prologue but please bear with me and just be a little patient. Also, I would like to dedicate and gift this story to my beautiful sister. She listens to my crazy fanfiction ideas and gives me advice. I bug her at ungodly hours and she never tells me to shove off. She has been my rock in a lot of ways over my lifetime. Love you little sister! !Warning! I do not own Harry Potter in any way, shape or form. All rights to the characters are trademarked by J.K. Rowling. The only thing is mine is the way I spin the story. It is for entertainment only and not part of the official story line. "He is so fucking hot. It has got to be criminal to look that fine." A voice said with longing. "Look at those wicked hands move. I think I might keel over if he were to touch me like that." Another feminine voice spoke up. Harry looked up from where he was trying to type the last of his report to see who the girls were talking about. He was in a secluded section of the bar, he liked to dub this his spot since no one else seemed to like sitting here. He looked around and spotted a table filled with five girls, some who were blatantly lifting their breasts in an attempt to make them appear perky and reapplying their makeup. Even if he wasn't gay, they still wouldn't tempt him in the least. Desperation was screaming from them. A sigh dragged his attention to a girl with red hair. "Look at him, that is the sexiest man I have seen in a long time." "Aren't you with Michael, Ginny?" A disgruntled voice piped up. Harry was intrigued with the turn of events. "Cho, we aren't like together… together, you know what I mean?" The girl who must be Ginny responded. A loud snort from Cho was a response. "You live with the man!" The plot thickens, Harry thought to himself as he watched the bitter look on Ginny's face. "Yes, well… we are going through some things right now." She flicked her red hair behind her. "Don't judge me, aren't you with Cedric?" The girl designated as Cho, glared darkly. "You know we aren't. I am a free lady as of tonight." A girl with blonde hair and kind eyes nudged Ginny in the ribs. "That is the whole reason we are out tonight. To get Cho's mind off of Cedric." "Right Hannah, you are right." Ginny said with a fake smile. "My bad Cho." "If Cho wants to sleep with the man, who are we to argue?" A girl with broad shoulders and a mean expression spoke up. Ginny glared at the girl. "Millicent, I think we should leave it up to him to see who he goes home with." The last girl of the group turned her head towards the others, she had long blonde hair and the strangest pair of sunglasses he had ever seen perched on the top of her head… and was she reading a magazine upside down? "Don't get your hopes up. The man is taken." Harry arched an impressed brow. He wasn't sure yet who the ladies were talking about but the girl seemed to know . "What makes you say that?" Millicent asked with disbelief clearly heard in her tone of voice. "It's the way he carries himself. Look at him. He appears to be flirting back with everyone but it doesn't quite reach his eyes." When all the girls turned towards the bar, he finally got a glimpse of the man they were arguing about. It was no surprise they were enamored with him. The guy was at least six foot with pale blonde hair that was slightly messed up. Tattoos adorned his arms, one more prominent than others. It was a dark black skull with a snake exiting its mouth. A silver lip ring flashed underneath the light, matching a silver piercing right through the man's left eyebrow. The guy sure was stunning. "I don't see it Luna." Ginny argued. "There is no ring, so he isn't married." Before Luna could respond a waitress came up to the table. "Welcome to Slytherin Seekers, my name is Pansy. What can I get you tonight?" "I'll have the bartender." Cho retorted with a smirk. Harry groaned internally at the cheesy come on. She couldn't have come up with something more clever? The waitress laughed loudly before shaking her said. "Sorry hon but he is regrettably not on the menu, but I can let him know that you wish he was." She offered with another shake of her head. "Is the kitchen still open?" Hannah asked, holding her stomach. "Sorry, but it closed half an hour ago. We only have an hour till closing so the kitchen doesn't stay open this late." Harry checked his watch with a grin. It was later then he thought it was. Good, then he might be able to get his report finished before the bar closed. He tuned out the other table and quickly went back to typing. On days like this, he wondered why he ever became a police officer. Reports were no joke. Luckily, this wasn't a case. He was doing employee evaluations for the officers underneath him. He could've done this at home but he didn't like the emptiness of the house. He was almost done when he heard the girls not too far from him start to gush in enthusiasm. "Look he is coming over here." "Act natural." "Is offering him a blow job behind the bar, acting natural?" Harry couldn't help it, he snorted loudly at the statement. The red head sure was feisty, he would give her that much. "Got a problem listening to private conversations?" Harry looked up at the girl when her question was directed at him. He watched the anger leave her face and her eyes widened. "Well, hello green eyes." Harry rolled his eyes. "I did not intentionally listen in. You were quite loud." He pointed out. He figured the girl would take offense but he was wrong. She just nodded her head. "My bad. I will keep my voice down." She winked at him in a horrible attempt at flirtation. "I swear you will flirt at any man who moves." Cho told her snidely. Luckily for Harry, that got Ginny's attention and the girl turned back around to bicker with her friend. "Hello ladies." A male voice spoke up, causing Harry to look up and see the bartender. "Pansy just got off her shift so I will be taking over your table." The man set down a tray of shots that the girls must have ordered. "Lucky for us." Cho spoke up with a flirtatious smile. Harry could almost feel the eye roll that Ginny released. The bartender smiled politely in response. "Is there anything else that I can get you?" Ginny tilted her head back as she downed the shot. "Another one." She tried to go for flirty, but it didn't come out that way. Her voice was raspy and her eyes had teared up a little, a big indicator that she wasn't quite familiar with hard liquor as she thought she was. "And possibly you." "I can get you another shot but that's it." There was a flash of white teeth but it was obvious to Harry that the smile didn't meet the man's silver eyes. "What a shame." Ginny sighed. Harry rolled his eyes again and went back to his report. He was so close to being done. Tonight was his Friday and if he could get this done right now, then he wouldn't have to worry about working over the next two days. He could hear the girls arguing again but he chose to tune them out. He needed to concentrate. It seemed to have been working… until a loud giggle permeated his thinking space. He sighed heavily as he rubbed his temples. It wasn't exactly their fault, he was choosing to do this in a bar instead of at home. Loud comes with the territory, unfortunately. "I bet you ten pounds that he comes with me tonight." Cho slurred after taking another shot. "Pun intended." Harry looked to the ceiling and prayed that he had the patience to stay despite their horrid company. Self-restraint, that was something needed to stop from snapping out at idiotic people. Self-restraint, that was something they taught in anger management classes. Self-restraint, that was just common sense… wasn't it? Self-restraint, that was just something that Harry didn't have. It was also something that his lover didn't have either. That might be where he picked it up, actually. "I'll bet you fifty that he doesn't go home with any girl in this bar." Luna told them as she flipped through her magazine… still upside down. Harry wondered if it was just the cover page that was upside down. Surely, the girl wasn't actually reading it like that? "You are so on Lovegood!" Millicent declared as she scrunched up her arm in a horrid show of intimidation. Harry got the distinct impression that this girl had some muscles on her. "If he doesn't go home with Cho or Ginny, I guarantee he will go home with some other girl." If Harry was in the habit of interrupting conversations that had nothing to do with him, he would point out that they were the only single girls in the bar. All the other girls had dates… which was just plain obvious. "He is already taken." Luna retorted in a confident but dreamy voice. Harry was intrigued by this one. She was definitely someone who saw things in a different way. She sounded like she knew and it made him wonder what made her so confident. Harry looked to the bartender as the man made his way around the room, checking in on all the patrons in the bar. There wasn't anything that screamed 'taken' about him. There was no ring on his finger, no hickeys on his neck, no obvious signs of possessions that would indicate a significant other. Whatever the blonde girl saw, it wasn't obvious to him. Which irked Harry, he was trained to pick up on the behavior of other people. He was trained to see things that others over looked. So why did the blonde see something that he couldn't? "Hello again." Harry looked up to see the bartender at the table of girls. "Did you ladies need another round of shots." "Yes." Ginny slurred at the same time that Millicent answered with a firm, "No." A pale eyebrow arched at the warring answers. "Shall I just bring the one then?" Millicent and Ginny seemed to be in a silent stare off. "No." Ginny finally conceded. "I suppose I could go for a club soda." The blonde bartender nodded his head. He called over his shoulder, "Oi Neville!" A tall boy with brown hair who