Authors Notes: This is a Oneshot. Warning- I do not own Harry Potter in any way shape or form. The only thing is mine is the way that I spin the story. This is a boyxboy story. Don't like that? Then don't read it. This story is Au during the summer right before his fifth year. I would like to dedicate this story to my lovely sister. Despite her not reading my current story, 'I Do What I Want', I still wanted to make a oneshot for her. Hopefully you all will enjoy this story. It is not a typical pairing but that is why I love it so much! HpFw-HpFw-HpFw-HpFw-HpFw-HpFw-HpFw-HpFw- Work Text: Fred was sitting at the breakfast table trying to discreetly give George subtle warnings about their newest invention: Tortoise Tea. The victim after drinking the first sip immediately turns into a giant tortoise. The tea in question, was not the right consistency just yet. Fred tested it on himself earlier and it left a bitter taste in his mouth. He was positive that his tongue had a green tinge to it as well. Not to mention he was pretty sure that he turned into a turtle and not a tortoise. George would probably say that it was nothing to worry about but if they were going to call their product Tortoise Tea than they should make sure they actually turned into a tortoise. Bad marketing otherwise. Fred looked over at his brother who was talking to Ginny. His twin looked like he wanted to be anywhere else, which wasn't a surprise considering that all she wanted to do lately was gossip about boys. He wondered where his sister would have gotten the impression that they actually cared what she had to say. George was counting the seconds down till he could escape. He wanted to be a good older brother but he honestly could care less who Ginny was dating let alone who she wasn't. He wondered if he should just spell the words 'I don't care' on his forehead. Maybe that would make people think twice about approaching him. He could think of a million things he would rather be doing than listening to her gossip about boys. Licking hazardous waste was one of them. Fred was about to throw caution to the wind and just drag his brother away when Ginny's words drifted over and caught his attention. "I asked him out but he said no." Ginny said a little sadly. Fred's interest was piqued. As far as he knew the only guy she was interested in was Harry. For reasons he refused to own up to, he was relieved that Harry said no. "Did he say why?" George replied with a bored tone. Fred bit back a grin. Girl talk was never one of their strong suits. Nor was gossiping either. That was for simpleminded girls and guys who had too much time on their hands. Which they were neither at the moment. "He's gay." Ginny said bluntly and a little sadly. Fred who had just taken a drink of pumpkin juice spat it out across the table. That had not been what he was expecting. George was spluttering from the announcement himself and started slapping his brother on the back. Ginny grinned at their reactions. "I know. I was just as surprised. He was really nice about the whole thing and he even helped me land a date with Dean Thomas." She said with a wicked smirk. Fred and George shared an incredulous look but before they could say anything, someone entered the kitchen. Their mother walked in demanding Ginny clean her room so Hermione would be comfortable when she arrived later that night, effectively ending the conversation. Much to Fred and George's relief. They quickly escaped before their mum could tell them to go clean something. The last time they had been told to clean, George harassed a Baffling Beetle and it ended up biting Fred. What kind of karma did he have to deserve that? He had spent the entire time they were supposed to be cleaning, milking his wound for all it was worth and watching George clean the whole shed by himself. Good, served him right. Once the pair were back in their room and free to talk they let out chuckles. "Didn't peg Harry as being gay." Fred said quietly. His mind was racing with a million different things, all of them more unobtainable than the previous one. "I know me ei- wait who said anything about Harry? Gin was talking about Neville." George said rather confused. He eyed his brother curiously. He was pretty sure he was missing something here. Something big. "Neville is gay?" Fred retorted rather shocked. George busted out laughing. "Were you not paying attention at all during the entire conversation?" Fred let out a sheepish smile in reply. Sometimes when his mind started going over their products, his mental awareness went out the window. His brother liked to call it his thinking zone. "Ginny asked Neville out but he said he was gay. What made you think we were talking about Harry?" George asked with a slight twinkle to his eyes. Uh oh. Fred knew that look. George was planning something. If George was planning something outside of a prank or a joke, then it was always wise to run and hide. Disasters tend to happen around George Weasley. George had to bite his cheek to stop a knowing smile from forming. He should have figured it out ages ago. He couldn't believe he had missed the signs. He wondered how far his brother's denial went. His mind was going off in all of the different ways that he could get the two of them together. He thought of just tying them up until Fred cracked and confessed his love but kidnapping probably wouldn't be considered very romantic. Harry could possibly press charges. Not the best way to start a healthy relationship. "Ginny has had a crush on Harry for ages. I just assumed that she was talking about him." Fred said rather grateful that he had a legitimate excuse to fall back on. He was safe for the moment. George was staring at his brother intently. Which was causing Fred to squirm slightly. He always did hate it that his brother could read him so openly. For pranks, it made life a breeze but for hiding things, it made it a nightmare. George thought it was a plausible excuse. He would give him an overall E for coming up with something so quickly but he knew his brother better than Fred thought. "Well that makes sense." George conceded slowly, drawing out the words. "But I think Harry is gay as well." He watched as his brother's eyes lit up before it was quickly masked. Gotcha, he thought as he smirked internally. He knew it wouldn't take much to get it out of his brother. "Is that so?" Fred asked hoping his voice betrayed none of his interest. This was news to him. He hadn't heard anyone say anything. He was positive that if Harry was gay then Ron would have mentioned it. George bit back another grin. "I have no idea." He admitted with a snort. Fred's head snapped up, confusion marring his features. "Then why did you…" He trailed off seeing the smug look on his brother's face. Fred groaned and put his head into his hands. Perfect, he should have seen that one coming. He had known that he would have heard something if that were true. George took pity on him and put a comforting arm around his brother. "Why didn't you tell me you fancied Harry?" George asked trying not to let the hurt he felt leak out. He was having a hard time processing the fact that his brother wouldn't have told him something like this. They were supposed to tell each other everything. They always have. They had one cardinal rule, which was no secrets. Knowing that you have someone to always be there for you no matter what, with no secrets or hang-ups to get in the way, was something that they both reveled in. They were one another's best friend. If this was Ron, George wouldn't have cared. But this was a big deal. If Fred was hiding this than what else could he be hiding? Fred knew his brother too well and detected the hurt in his voice. He instantly felt guilty. He knew that he shouldn't have kept it from him but he had been so upset about the whole thing that he was just embarrassed. "I'm sorry. I just wasn't sure exactly what I was feeling but I knew that Ginny already liked him and I couldn't fancy him while my sister did, so I just quashed my feelings down." He finished miserably. It really sucked to have feelings for someone that your sibling more or less claimed already. He tried not to let it get to him but it did. He knew that there would come a time when Harry could possibly return her feelings and he was honestly dreading it. He wasn't sure that his heart could take watching that. He probably should have cared that he was falling for his brother's best friend but he could honestly care less what Ron had to say about it. George's hurt changed to understanding. He knew that he could have moped or even started a fight but he could tell that his brother was really having a hard time with this. George couldn't really relate since the only person he has ever liked was Angelina. They had been together since the yule ball last year, he was pretty sure that she would be in his life for a long time coming. George wondered if this was why Fred never bothered to date anyone, always dodging the question every time he was asked if he fancied someone. George gave his brother a hug. "Well I say now that Ginny has moved on to Dean Thomas that you should go ahead and get your man." He said with a wolfish grin. Fred chuckled in amusement, it was just like his brother to say something like that. "We don't even know if he likes guys." Fred pointed out, it seemed silly to get his hopes up if they didn't even know if he liked the same sex. George dismissed this with a wave of his hand. "Minor details." Fred snorted. "Pretty big if you ask me." Fred argued. George just shook his head. "At least try?" He asked. George just wanted to see his brother happy. Fred sighed thinking it over. The thought of putting himself out there to get hurt was not something he wanted to do. Rejection was not something he had a lot of practice with and he would like to keep his heart intact. But the thought of holding Harry in his arms, seeing those stunning green eyes stare into his own. Holding his hand as they walked the halls of Hogwarts together. Kissing those sweet plump lips, he sighed again. Only this time dreamily. He looked up at his brother to see amused eyes looking back at him. "You've got it bad Freddie." Fred didn't even bother denying it. ~...~...~...~...~ The next morning at the breakfast table things were a little tense. George had left out their Tortoise Tea where Ron had gotten a hold of it, much to the amusement of everyone but Ron, Hermione and their mother. If Ron didn't eat everything in sight, then this wouldn't be a problem. "Honestly mum we didn't- George began. "Mean for anyone to drink it. "It was an accident. "Honest." Fred and George finished together, both nodding. Their mother huffed in response and continued cooking. Fred and George shared a look trying to figure out how angry she was. Their mother had levels to her anger. There was when she