Author's Notes: So, this story was the byproduct of writers block. I had intended for this to just be a smutty oneshot of less than 5k words. Yeah... that didn't happen. Lol ended up being double that and then some. Plot and more plot happened. So, these lovely boys are a few months shy of being sixteen. That's not too young for a loss of virginity, right? Anything younger than that and it makes me uneasy. So hopefully this wasn't too icky to contemplate. I needed them in their fifth year for a reason so that is why I didn't do their sixth year. Oh well. WARNING- I do not own Harry Potter in any way, shape or form. All rights to the characters are trademarked by J.K. Rowling. The only thing is mine is the way I spin the story. It is for entertainment only and not part of the official story line Normally, the warm heat of the classroom would have lulled Draco into a sense of calm. Normally, the heady aroma of the ingredients and the bubbling cauldron would have him at ease in the knowledge that this was the only thing in his life he could control. Normally, he would have spent several minutes finding the perfect way to ruin Potter's potion by now. Normally, he would be halfway into a loud debate regarding whether Weasley's father was going to sell one of their children to keep food on the table. Only, Potter and Weasel were ruining this by being bloody weird. Today, Snape had them partnered up. Typically, that meant that Granger and Weasley were a unified front, especially considering the two were now an item . Draco shuddered at the thought. Salazar, he wasn't sure which one had the worst of it in regard to the relationship. He wouldn't wish either of them on another person. Instead of Potter teaming up with Longbottom, he chose to partner with Weasley at the back of the room. He had seen Granger frown at them in suspicion, so whatever was going on, she was just as clueless as he was. Which he figured was her karma for being so insufferable in the first place. Serves her right. It wasn't necessarily that they teamed up that was so odd, it was their unusual behavior. They had been arguing from the moment they arrived, leading Draco to assume they had been quarrelling long before they reached the classroom. Since they were behaving out of character, he decided to work in the back of the room as well. Naturally, of course. Snippets of their not-so-quiet whispered debate had reached his ears from time to time. He didn't have as much time as them to gossip, since he was flying solo on the potion. Zabini had been foolish enough to take that drivel the Weasel twins were selling to get out of class. It had worked as intended, he fainted alright, just never woke up. The other end of the disgusting sweet hadn't woken him up. So, the unfortunate bastard was lying in the hospital wing, missing out on all of this oddness. "Have you gone mental?" Weasel's unpleasant voice carried over to where Draco was studiously counting his counterclockwise stirs. "I know you don't understand it, Ron." The frustration in Potter's tone had him arching a curious brow. "That's the only thing you have said all day that makes sense!" A pause. "Of course I don't understand it. Are you sure you haven't been cursed or poisoned?" The scoff Potter released was so harsh, Draco wondered if it had hurt. Couldn't hurt to wish, right? "I take offense to that." Potter crossed his arms and stirred the potion the wrong way. Bloody idiot. The instructions were clearly on the board and yet the golden boy wondered why Severus treated him so badly. "It isn't something I just decided on a whim, you know. I thought long and hard about this. It's what I want to do." Draco furrowed his brows as he wondered what they could be talking about. He hated that he was getting so caught up in this. It wasn't as if they actually mattered. He shook his head as he decided to just ignore them. With his resolve firmly planted, he focused on his work. "Besides, it's my arse on the line. Literally." Draco could practically see his resolve burning in a spectacular show of mental Fiendfyre. The statement had him horribly hooked and he begrudgingly hung onto wherever this argument was taking them. Damn Potter. " Oh God ." Weasel let out a pitiful moan, almost to the point of exaggeration. "Are you trying to make me ill? Is that what you are aiming for? Because if so, then just send me to Hospital Wing now." Well, no one said the Weasleys weren't dramatic. Potter huffed as he threw in way too many bat spleens. Draco knew the potion was unredeemable now. There was a flash of vindication that filled him as the putrid smell of their concoction wafted around the room. "Potter, Weasley." The two in question startled in surprise to see Snape towering over them with a sneer in place and anger raging in narrowed eyes. "I sincerely detest interrupting your important conversation. So important that you have neglected to use your brains. Limited as they were to begin with." Draco couldn't stop the smirk if he had tried. Weasley spluttered inelegantly. Not that Draco expected anything less. "Which one of you dunderheads thought it would be a brilliant idea to use Billywig Sting instead of Billywig Slime?" All eyes were now on their table, so Draco felt no shame in leaning forward to observe them better. "It would appear that you need glasses Weasley. The instructions are written right there." The man gestured behind him to the board. "Unless of course, you just can't read." Ah. The red hue to the freckled face was always one of Draco's favorite sights to see. Whether Weasley was shamed or angered, it mattered none. The result led to the boy being uncomfortable and that was always Draco's goal. "If it was you Potter, then I fear you are a lost cause. Can't cite that you can't see, now can you?" If there was anything that Draco liked better than an angry Weasley, was definitely an angry Potter. The way the other boy's vivid green eyes darkened in rage was honestly a sight to see. It always fueled his own satisfaction every time he got under Potter's skin. "No, sir." Potter spat out as he clenched his fists. Snape vanished the contents of the wretched potion with a lazy flick of his wand. "Zero marks, again." There was a smirk quirking at the corner of thin lips. "I want a thirteenth-inch essay on where you went wrong and how you could have fixed your mistakes. Due next class." A billowing of black robes and the man was on his way back to his desk. "Longbottom five points from Gryffindor for not letting your classmates know they were making a mistake." Draco had to hold in the low whistle that was threatening to come out. Merlin, his head of house was on form today. "But Sir-" Granger piped up in confusion but also with a horribly annoying persistence. "Don't question my decisions. Another five points." Draco bit his lip in an attempt to stall his laughter as he began to bottle his potion into several vials. When they were dismissed, Draco noted that Weasley and Potter were still arguing with each other. He couldn't deny that his interest had been piqued a long time ago. Despite being close to the doors, the two had waited for everyone else to leave before heading out. That alone sparked enough of a reason to follow them at a slower pace. "See what I mean? Just talking about it ruined our potion. Imagine actually following through with it!" Ron pointed out as they left the room. Harry sighed heavily. He was sick of this argument. He just wished Ron would let it go already. "Yes, because our hypothetical discussion was what ruined the potion. It couldn't possibly be our lack of attention." He rolled his eyes at his best friend. "Don't get caught up in the details." Ron warned. "That is beside the point. Explain to me again why you want to do this." Harry grabbed Ron's elbow to drag him down the opposite direction the rest of the class had gone. He didn't want to be overheard. "I already told you. I feel as if things with Voldemort are going to pick up soon and I don't want to die a virgin, not if I can help it." Ron leaned up against the wall with pinched brows and a mouth curled in distaste. "I can understand that, I can. But why does it have to be him ?" The last word was said with more confusion than disgust but the message was still clear. The question wasn't one without merit. Harry had been asking himself that for months. Even after everything that had happened between the two of them, he couldn't help but gravitate towards the other boy. It was as if they were two magnets on opposite ends of a room. Despite their hectic lives trying to keep them at warring ends, they kept inching forward until they met in the middle with such force that it ended in harsh fights and horrid insults. He looked back to Ron a little helplessly. When they locked eyes, Harry tried to convey what he was feeling with a meaningful glance. There was frustration mounting inside of himself at not really knowing his own feelings on the matter. For whatever reason, it did have to be him. It was always him. "There's just something about him, you know?" "Fuck no." Ron vehemently shook his head. "Unless you are talking about a stuck-up git with an unhealthy fascination for his father, then yes, I do know." Harry rolled his eyes. "Why are you begrudging me of my choice? I am not saying I am going to marry him. I just want him to shag me senseless." "What did I tell you about sending me to the Hospital Wing?" Ron's face had turned a sickly green shade. Harry let out a low chuckle in response. "I wish I hadn't told you." Harry mumbled as he ran his fingers through his hair. "I knew you weren't going to agree with me but I didn't think you would push the issue like this." "I am your best friend." There was an almost hurt quality to his tone. "And as your best friend, it is my duty to make sure that you don't make the biggest mistake of your life by sleeping with someone like that ." Harry's mouth twitched. "His qualities are the very reason I want him." He pointed out. "You really have been cursed, haven't you?" Harry couldn't help but laugh at the seriousness to Ron's facial expression. "Why don't you pick someone else? What about Ginny? I am sure she would be okay to sleep with you. She's fancied you for ages." "Are you seriously offering up your sister?" Harry asked incredulously. "Desperate times call for desperate measures, Harry." Harry groaned and knocked his head against the wall. "Even if we were to ignore the fact that she is like a little sister to me, she doesn't have the things I am looking for." Ron scoffed before scowling. "What is that? A permanent sneer and a holier-than-thou attitude? Because I got to tell you, those are horrible qualities in a person." "When Ginny magically grows a cock and loses the breasts, then we can have this conversation again." Harry said rather dryly. " Oh sweet Merlin. " Ron shuddered violently. "What a horrible mental image! Don't ever say that again." "I was trying to make a point. I don't want your sister. I don't