Disclaimer: The whispers...the omens...they all say I don't own the HP universe. CHAPTER 1 – Bodies in the Grounds Harry Potter woke up to a dormitory filled with snores. Grinning to himself and squinting at his darkened surroundings, Harry pulled the hangings to the side of his four-poster bed. Though he was sure it was still very early in the morning, Harry could not remember the last time he had such a fitful sleep. The last three nights – let alone the last several months – did not in any way help his exhausted physical state. Harry grappled with the nearby pitcher of water and the corresponding glass, and then decided to lie down again, staring out the window's pre-dawn light. The endless people that he had to meet and shake hands with, to hug and console, was nigh unbelievable. On top of that, were the interviews, the long meetings with people who decided that Harry should actually sit in - what he thought were - those tedious discussions, and the dinners and parties that were swimming with Firewhiskey and butterbeer. Of course, while everyone wanted to know of the adventure that Harry, Ron, and Hermione had, along with the exact procedure that Harry was able to defeat Tom Riddle, the three friends implicitly agreed that the more sensitive topics should not be disclosed yet. Harry remembered Hermione suggesting that the Horcruxes, the Hallows, and other such things would be more appropriate in some sort of memoir, if they ever got around to actually writing one. But what Harry wanted, since the day Tom Riddle fell, was some time for reflection and for the chance to fulfil those tasks that he promised himself, and others, that he would do. Finally, Harry steeled himself, quietly performed his morning ablutions, and got dressed into some simple black wizard robes that Kreacher found for him last night. As he gathered the appropriate items that he needed for his tasks and made his way down the dormitory stairs, Harry reminded himself how thankful he was that all four of his snoring dorm-mates were alive and in one piece. No sooner had Harry reached the Gryffindor common room and headed towards the portrait hole did his eyes wander to the empty fireplace and, with a jump, saw someone sitting in one of the well-used armchairs. Hermione Granger was also startled to Harry's sudden appearance, and, putting the large book down, smiled at him. "I'm guessing that you didn't want to sleep anymore either." "Yeah," said Harry, grinning at the familiar sight of Hermione with a book. He made his way over to Hermione and sat down in the armchair across from her. "Oh, no, you don't have to sit down," she said, "It looks like you're going somewhere," and she peered at his robes and the two items in his hand, while she herself was wearing a light sweater over her night clothes. "It's all right, we've barely talked over the last few days. Not unless it was with some stranger, or some errand we had to do." "Few days? Try a week!" teased Hermione. "True..." said Harry, mulling over past events. The awkward pause between them made Harry realize something and he decided to voice this revelation. "You know something...I cannot remember, um...I cannot remember the last time we had a conversation that did not involve something that was, I guess, was dangerous or mysterious." Hermione looked taken aback by that statement. Indeed, a part of him did not like to think that his friendships were mainly grounded upon action instead of emotional connection. "That's because of all of the things we've experienced over the years," she reasoned, "Now that it's all over, you can have your own life and the conversations you want." "True," he said again, though that prospect still daunted him, "Well, have you given any thought about what you want to do with your own life?" "Well," said Hermione, putting the book aside, hesitating, "I think…I want to come back to Hogwarts next term." "Oh, well that's great!" exclaimed Harry. "Really?" "I guess, yeah, I mean…we didn't exactly finish school, did we? Even though we had all those adventures, I guess being a Hogwarts drop-out is not something you want to add to your list of accomplishments," he joked. Hermione laughed, and Harry noted that she looked more relieved than before, "I'm glad at least you see it that way Harry," and Harry noted she emphasized the 'you', but he could not dwell on the matter for she was asking questions of her own, "And what about you? Have you thought about your life? Or least, um, who you want as a part of your life?" "What do you mean?" Harry could not comprehend why Hermione was bringing this up now. "It's just…I guess I'm bringing this up now since, you know, this is like the first time we've had a conversation like this in a while. It's just that, Ginny brought the topic up to me a couple days ago and she still brings it up." Harry didn't answer. He looked down at the two items in his hand, hoping they would give him some answers. He recollected the last couple days; while Ginny did not bring up the issue with him, he reasoned that she was attempting to with her soft touches on his arm, or how she would stand in close proximity to him with a rather inscrutable expression… Hermione seemed to understand, "You don't have to answer now you know-" "No, it's alright. I guess...I-I don't have an answer yet. I kind of…I don't know how I feel about that sort of thing right now, or even the possibility of…never mind," ended Harry hastily. "Okay, I'm sure everything right now requires some thought," staring right at Harry with a serious yet kind look, Harry thought, and he looked at her too. "Yeah…yeah…"he stood up and looked towards the windows. But he suddenly inquired, "And how about you and Ron?" Harry did not expect to see the sudden change in Hermione's facial expression, "Ha, don't worry about that Harry, you've got stuff to do I'm sure," she scoffed. Harry felt he should not leave the common room on such a note, but he decided to comply, "Okay," and he started to head towards the portrait hole, noting the clock displaying half-past-six. "Hey, Hermione," he said, turning back, and Hermione looked his way as well, "Just…you know…if you ever want to have a conversation…I'm here," he finished with, he hoped, some degree of confidence. "I know," answered Hermione, with a sad smile. Harry stepped out onto the Hogwarts grounds, breathing in the fresh spring air. His thoughts were still on his conversation with Hermione: Ginny, his future, and even Ron. He decided that probing Hermione about her and Ron wasn't exactly his business. Though his inner monologue countered that claim by noting that Hermione was probing him about Ginny. Setting these thoughts aside, he focused on the tasks in front of him. He was glad he had his Invisibility Cloak and the Marauder's Map, for he was able to make sure that nobody could see him or be in close proximity to him; he did not want anyone to notice what he was about to do. At last, Harry reached the spot, thinking of the man who was buried underneath the stone. Remembering how Riddle did it (for Harry was inside his head), he split the stone. But the sight still shocked him. Harry noted that Albus Dumbledore looked rather well-preserved and, in a way, rather comfortable. He took out one of the wands that he had in his pocket, and stared at it. The Elder Wand , thought Harry, perhaps it will be safer with me instead of out in the open . But that moment's equivocation passed, and Harry gently placed it in Dumbledore's folded hands. I told him I would put it back. And, it's hardly worth the trouble anyway . Harry resealed the tomb, rechecked the map for any onlookers, and walked towards the Whomping Willow. As he made his way through the passage and drew near the crates, an unfamiliar smell began to waft into his nostrils and Harry briefly considered going back, knowing what it was. The body of Severus Snape was even more shocking to Harry than that of Dumbledore's. Harry covered his mouth with the sleeves of his robes, and started to clean the area surrounding the body. Eventually, Harry levitated the body out of the Shrieking Shack. He was not sure what to feel about the man that existed within the rotting body before him, but he knew he deserved a proper grave. Almost nobody will ever understand this man , Harry reflected, and he used magic to shape a hole in the ground within the Forbidden Forest. After covering the body with the displaced dirt and shrubbery, Harry almost walked away. Alright, alright, I'll make a gravestone , conceding to the more self-righteous side of himself that often spoke in Hermione's voice. It took a while to find a rock within the forest, but after doing so, Harry enlarged it, carved it out to make it flat, and wrote the name using his wand. Okay, now comes the hard part . Harry made his way back to the castle, checking the map periodically even though he was under the Cloak. Some people were wandering around in their dormitories and Harry knew he had to act quickly. After reaching the Entrance Hall, he made his way to the room off the hall that he knew no student ventured into. He remembered what Neville told him a couple days ago; apparently Neville asked Professor McGonagall what would happen to this body, but according to him, McGonagall did not have a clear answer. When a Ministry dignitary brought the topic up during last night's party, Harry knew he had to take matters into his own hands. Pull yourself together. He feared the dead, not you . Harry drew back the white sheet. There was no rotting corpse, or preserved remains, but a Tom Riddle that looked as though he could have been enjoying a good night's rest. Harry figured there must be some well-placed charms that were intended to preserve the body as evidence that this…man…was indeed dead. After rechecking the map again, ensuring nobody was approaching the Entrance Hall or was near one of the high castle windows that he would have to walk across, Harry changed the colour of the white sheet to black and levitated the body out of the room. He knew he had to be swift, and he wished he first learned the Disillusionment Charm beforehand. But Harry decided to risk it. This time, Harry took a different route to the forest; the one that he took when he went to sacrifice himself to the man before him now. Shortly, Harry found himself near the abode of the Forest's spiders, thankful there were no spiders to be found. He placed the body down and took the sheet off, staring at the lifeless body. "I saw you at King's Cross", he whispered, "This body is not even you. Do you even need a grave? Or even deserve one?" He knew he could not stay there long, or talk too loudly, for the spiders may come crawling along. Harry reached into Riddle's robes, looking for pockets and he was not surprised that Riddle had no personal effects. In no time at all, Harry found what he was looking for: the yew wand. Harry held it beside his own holly wand, briefly thinking of the wands' maker and the phoenix who supplied the cores. This is the wand. It killed my parents and countless others. It made those foul Horcruxes… and Harry was on the verge of snapping it in half for several emotions and memories flooded Harry's mind. But his mind's eye stopped when he pictured the little