I shake a few bits of sawdust from my hair, attempting to ignore the grumbling coming from my empty stomach. With only three lights left to hang, I'm determined to finish before lunch. I don't care how bad my arms hurt, it's gonna happen. If I have to spend one more minute on this damn lift, I may start threatening to tear out Gale's limbs one by one. "You sure you don't want to let me do that for a while?" I look down from my third step position, feet secure on the ladder, eyeing Gale crouched down near a small pile of screws and gold metal fixtures. The shine from the metal surface of the lift glares back at me, and I get a glimpse of his concerned smile. The blister on my thumb burns from the repeated peel back wire stripping motion, and my movements have started to become languid. Even the slightest bit of weight feels heavy at this point. Gale of course notices, but I have far too much pride to admit anything. Instead, I just take a moment to wipe my palms against the tool belt hanging from my waist, minding the worn, dusty fabric, thin from years of use. "Why? You need a break down there, Hawthorne?" I tease. He shoots me a knowing half-smirk before lowering his head to concentrate on the task at hand. The sun shines bright through the stained glass of the tall church windows, and I'm well aware of the forty foot distance from where we are and the ground. You think it would spur on fear or caution, but it does none of that. If there's anything at all I've learned about this job, it's to never look down. And if you have to, don't do it for long. "Come on Catnip. What're you trying to prove?" Leave it to Gale to make a statement without really having to make it at all. I shrug nonchalantly, not feeling the need to express why. What's done is done, and I made a promise to myself a long time ago not to think about all the self-righteous pricks who talk down to me. I'm not some helpless broad who can't handle herself like the guys who come through here seem to think. They set out to give me mindless tasks that any idiot can do, and it seriously pisses me off. Sometimes I feel a burn to prove myself, and I'll work twice as hard as the guys around me. Half the time, I know more than they do, anyway. Mostly though, I just try to keep to myself, and stay as asshole free as possible. It usually works for me. "Pfttt. I'm not trying to prove anything. I just don't want to listen to you whine tomorrow about how your arms are tired." Gale's grin widens in response. We work diligently together for the next hour hanging lights, feigning off sweat and fatigue from the mid-May heat while the sun continuously beats in from the windows. My Carhartt denim jeans stick to the back of my knees without prevail. Even my socks are moist as I trudge along sluggishly in my heavy work boots. When we finally break and take our lunch at Subway, I practically inhale my turkey sandwich. "Katniss, you might want to chew," Gale just gapes at me from across the booth, motionless and awed. I give him my best fuck-you-face, not even the slightest bit embarrassed, even if I consciously begin taking smaller bites and significantly slow my pace. "So... Madge wanted me to remind you about the party tonight. She thinks you're going to flake out." I force myself not to roll my eyes. How is it exactly that I could forget? Madge's fifteen texts in the last two days pretty much ensured that I couldn't possibly if I tried. "Yeah. I got the memo," I mumble between bites. "Well...are you?" He asks. "Am I what?" "Are you going to flake?" This time I really do roll my eyes. "Gale, I don't know if you've noticed, but the club isn't really my thing." "Catnip..." He protests. "You have to go; she'll be devastated if you don't. She considers you one of her best friends —" I waste no time interjecting. "Don't you dare guilt trip me, Hawthorne. This is your deal. I'm not about to parade around in some dress so you don't have to hear your fiancee complain. This is what you signed up for, my friend. For better or for worse. Godspeed." He looks at me with pleading eyes, but I'll be damned if I'm giving in. Besides, Gale is my best friend, not Madge. I mean, we were okay friends through high school, but if you put us in a room together by ourselves, the only relevant discussion topics we'd have are Gale and ice cream. And I'm pretty sure she only buys "frozen yogurt" because Heaven forbid she not fit in a size three. Just the mere thought of a night with Johanna, Delly, Madge, and I barhopping and being hit on by a dozen drunken slobs makes me want to bang my head against a wall. That's not even mentioning the fact that Madge can hold her liquor about as far as I can throw her. Then we have the dress situation... don't even fucking get me started on the dress situation. "Seriously, don't do this to me. She'll never let it go, Katniss." His voice is so desperate. I hate it when he begs with those damn puppy dog eyes. It's like perfect manipulation, because I can't say no. And after all these years, he knows my soft spots all too well, which is exactly why I don't bother to look up from my turkey club, too afraid I'll lose my resolve. A quick kick to my foot strikes me under the table. "What the hell, Gale!" "Don't ignore me." "I didn't ignore you. I already told you, my answer is no." "Catnip..." I look up and immediately regret my decision. "No, dammit." "Please?' "Fuck you, Hawthorne." Madge is wasted, to say the least. First reason being: she keeps sloshing her Jack and Coke all over the leather seats in the back of the limo, followed by insistent repetitions of sopping up the mess with the bottom of her sundress. Secondly, she has taken her shoes off and keeps holding them up through the open moonroof, waving them around while yelling: " I'm drunk, bitches! " This is my life. And how the hell I even got here is just...beyond me. It's kind of funny how time changes things. Madge was extremely different when we were in high school. She was the strong silent type, to the point where you wanted to be friends with her just so you could try and figure her out. But once we graduated and she realized just how powerful being beautiful could be, and a wild sense of confidence formed. She began leaving a trail of brokenhearted men behind her, pathetic tears and all. It kind of makes me think about the irony in all of this. I was furious when Gale told me three years ago that he had a crush on Madge, for obvious reasons. I was more than positive she was only going to break his heart (because let's be honest, Gale is totally susceptible to getting his heart broken). And yet, it didn't, and it's weird because they fit together so well. Like, he has this quiet confidence, and her confidence comes with a touch of insanity, and yeah... Actually, out of everyone, Delly is the one I pictured getting hitched first. She and Thresh had been together for six years, doing the whole hand in hand bit throughout the high school hallways. We all kind of figured it was meant to be. So when Thresh graduated from Ohio State in the spring and dumped her because he wanted to move away and she didn't, we knew that things were changing. Life was getting complicated. The two of them splitting was a rude awakening of just that. Now, sitting amongst the three of them—Johanna, Delly, and Madge—it's pretty evident that her bachelorette party is going to be nothing short of a drunken spectacle. And well, I'm just living in it—copious amounts of alcohol and all. A loud pop breaks me from my nostalgic daze. Foam begins bubbling over the neck of the champagne bottle in Johanna's hands. "Hand me your glass, Everdeen." The hand not holding onto the bottle is out in front of her, gesturing for the glass next to me. I shake my head and she rolls her eyes, pouring the golden liquid into the clear container and handing it off to Delly, who sips quietly while peering over at us. "Try not to be a pain in the ass and have fun tonight, alright? I know we're not watching bad TV in flannel pajamas, but you can make it one night without giving off your lesbian vibes." She puts an emphasis on lesbian, acting like she's waiting for me to make some kind of huge revelation. I roll my eyes, making damn sure she can see it. "I hate to break all your scissor fantasies Johanna, but, we're never playing naked twister together. Sorry." "In your plaid dreams, Everdeen." Johanna's hard eyes continue glaring at me from across the way while Madge jumps up and juts her head out of the moonroof again, shouting and waving her heels in the air. "Guys, not tonight. Jo, be nice." Delly orders. While I appreciate the efforts, really, it's useless. Johanna is a twat; always has been, always will be. There isn't a thing she can say that will hurt my feelings. "Whatever. I'm sorry if my normal Friday night doesn't involve going to Club Liquid and taking home the first swinging dick that pays attention to me." Johanna glares. "Your Friday night doesn't involve anything but a vibrator and reruns of The Office, so you can save your bullshit for someone who cares." For Madge's sake, I bite my bottom lip and hold my tongue. If we're going to make it through this evening without ripping one another's heads off, someone has got to be the bigger person. I certainly know that it's not going to be her. So, instead of rolling out another cheap shot, I give her a look that lets her know that the conversation is over only because I want it to be. She blinks a few times, but doesn't say any more; just glowers at me and then fixes her stare down at her sleek grey dress. Delly dusts something off of the front of her ample cleavage, only to make me all the more aware of the lack of mine. Since we're all wearing the same thing, (insisted upon by Madge, which is the least brilliant idea she's ever had) you'd think that we'd look the same, but this is so not the case. My misfortunes include a completely loose breast area, a waist too small (which allows the fabric to continuously bunch in the middle), and a lack of proper curvature to necessary fill out the bottom half. Johanna also shares some of these problems, sans the stomach issue. Then we all had to have matching high heels, which is just...no. I pleaded with Madge weeks ago not to force us into buying such ridiculously expensive and pointless outfits, but she was convinced it would create this amazing evening of camaraderie. Instead, I just feel like we're going to be on one of those gossip shows next to the Miley Cyrus. By the end of the night, the highlight reel is gonna be focusing on the short Everdeen girl whose tits keeps falling out of the top of her spaghetti strap dress. I'm just grateful that she didn't force me to flat iron my hair like she normally does; the