Author's Note: This story takes place in the time between chapter 20 and the epilogue of "Softly." It can be read in any order, but I highly suggest reading it between chapter 20 and the epilogue. It does stand alone, however. "I don't know what to do with her, Scorpius," Ainsley said in their kitchen, clutching a cup of herbal tea with shaking hands. "She won't talk to anyone. She's clearly been abused. Normally I tend to them myself when it's bad, but she won't let any woman near her. I think her mother must have hit her or something." Albus and Scorpius looked at each other warily. "We can't adopt another child," Albus said firmly. "I'm not asking you to adopt her," Ainsley amended quickly. "I'm asking you to foster her until she's in a better state and we can track down her mother. I need to find out who the kid is first and something about this situation doesn't feel right." Scorpius looked at his husband. He knew they couldn't say no – there was a kid who needed their help and clearly Ainsley trusted them to handle it – but he also didn't want them to bite off more than they could chew. "What do you think, Al?" Scorpius asked, but Albus had his eyes locked with Ainsley's. Scorpius could see the gears turning in his head, assessing the risks and evaluating how their other children would take it. They were all upstairs asleep – thankfully, their eldest Avery was home from Hogwarts for the weekend before the term picked up – and Albus knew as well as Scorpius did that if they were to ask them, they'd be too excited about the prospect of a new friend to assess whether or not it was a good idea. "Go get her," Albus said to Scorpius finally. "I'll stay here with the kids." Scorpius nodded and pulled his robes on over his pajamas. After kissing his husband goodbye, he followed Ainsley into the fireplace and through the Floo to the ministry which was eerie late at night – well-lit but deserted. "She's in my office with Darren," Ainsley explained, her voice echoing around the cavernous atrium. "I didn't want to take her to the children's home. We might have cleaned it up and gotten it sorted out a few years ago, but it's only suitable if the child is in good health and stable." "And you think we can help?" "I think you're my best option since she's terrified of women," Ainsley explained. "You'll see." They made their way to the Department of Family and Children's Services – an office Scorpius and Albus were very familiar with - both because they had adopted all five of their children here and because Ainsley was head of the department. Scorpius couldn't help smiling at the plaque on the wall as they walked through. Department of Family and Children's Services Head: Ainsley Malfoy Potter They walked through two more doors before getting to Ainsley's office, where a harried-looking young wizard was sitting in a guest chair near Ainsley's desk, and a small girl of around six was curled up in Ainsley's massive leather chair, her arms around her knees in a ministry-issued pair of joggers and a t-shirt. Scorpius spotted the grubby dress she must have been wearing prior tossed onto a seat in the corner. The little girl jumped when they entered and curled in on herself even further. Ainsley stepped back and stood behind Darren's chair. "Is everything okay?" she asked her assistant. Scorpius knew Darren was very good at his job – he'd been there when he and Albus had adopted Samuel and Will – and even he looked perplexed. "Same," Darren said. The little girl was eyeing Ainsley closely, hiding behind a curtain of dark blonde hair – suspicious and frightened – and ignored Scorpius entirely until he stepped closer to her. At the movement she blanched, and Scorpius held out his empty hands to show that he had nothing that could hurt her. He moved around the desk slowly and her eyes followed his every move until he knelt in front of her chair at a respectful distance. Scorpius looked into the little girl's eyes and knew he was done for. They weren't the same green as Albus' – his were emerald and hers were a light celery color – but they were close enough that seeing that kind of fear in them twisted something sharp in his chest. "My name is Scorpius," he said quietly. "What's yours?" The girl regarded him for a moment before raising her head from behind her knees just enough to speak. "Charlotte." Scorpius smiled warmly at her. He took a chance and offered her his hand to shake. He often found that greeting children as one would greet an adult earned their respect faster than anything else. "It's very nice to meet you, Charlotte," Scorpius said. She eyed his hand suspiciously, but he held it steady, letting her take her time deciding whether or not to shake it. After nearly thirty seconds, she slid her small, bony hand into his, and shook it briefly before withdrawing again. "Charlotte, my sister Ainsley told me you've had a rough time lately," Scorpius said. He saw a flash of recognition in her eyes – maybe an appreciation that someone understood a bit – and he found it encouraging. "She said that maybe you'd like to come and stay with me and my family for a little while until things get sorted." The little girl looked between Ainsley and Scorpius a few times, her eyes wide and unsure. "Ainsley wants you to go somewhere you'll be comfortable," Scorpius said. "And we'd love to have you." He watched the way she eyed Ainsley with scrutiny and saw the pain in his sister's eyes. Children inherently trusted her the way they trusted Albus and Scorpius, and he knew it broke her heart when she was unable to help – especially when he knew she was thinking of her eight- and two-year-old children at home with James. He took a chance – he wanted to assure her that there was no mother-figure at home. "My husband makes excellent pancakes. I'm sure he'd make you some in the morning." Charlotte stared at him for the longest uninterrupted period since entered. He could see her piecing together what he'd said – 'husband' and not 'wife.' He wondered if she'd ask more questions – sometimes kids did and Albus and Scorpius usually handled it pretty well, but he didn't know if he could at two o'clock in the morning without Albus at his side. When she was silent for too long, Scorpius tilted his head at her. "Would you like that?" "I-I think so," Charlotte muttered. Scorpius grinned at her – and the worry on her face softened a bit. "We even have an extra room. The bed is very soft." "These clothes are itchy," Charlotte muttered, plucking at the coarse gray shirt. Scorpius chuckled at her. "My daughters Lexi and Avery are at home. I'm sure they could lend you some pajamas." Charlotte weighed her options – though what options she was considering, Scorpius wasn't sure. After a long moment, she nodded and uncurled herself in the chair. "Okay," she said. "Excellent," Scorpius said, mustering some enthusiasm to mask his concern for the child. He wanted her to feel like a welcomed guest – not a charity case. He stood up and held his hand out for her, and she took it as she slid down from the chair. Her little hand was cold and shaky – Scorpius wanted to get her home as soon as possible so Albus could at least get her to eat a sandwich before she passed out. Darren quickly handed Scorpius a clipboard with a form for temporary custody. Scorpius took Ainsley's peacock quill – one of last year's Christmas gifts from Draco, and he had the matching one – and signed 'Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy-Potter' on the bottom line. Ainsley quickly signed as the authorizing ministry official, and Darren as a witness. By the time Darren finished, Scorpius felt Charlotte burying her face in his robes and holding onto them to support herself in her exhaustion. He looked down at her. The top of her head was barely visible in the fabric of his robes and he couldn't help feeling for her. He reached down and lay his hand atop her head lightly and was quite pleased when she didn't flinch away. "You're tired?" Scorpius asked. She nodded into his side. "Would you like me to carry you?" Charlotte looked up at him and he noticed how red the whites of her eyes were for the first time. Clearly, she had been crying at some point in the day. When she nodded, Scorpius felt a bit honored to be chosen. Normally it was Albus that children naturally gravitated to, as he was the funny one with jokes and sarcasm and stories about fluffy animals. Albus was the fierce one who would readily hex anyone who so much as looked at his kids wrong and that made them feel safe. They gravitated to him for all the same reasons Scorpius loved him, and sometimes Scorpius wondered if it was because he was still a child at heart himself. Scorpius bent down carefully and picked her up, astounded by how light she was. He held her with one arm under her legs and the other around her back, not caring at all that she knocked his glasses askew, and she lay heavily against his shoulder with her little arms around his neck. Ainsley looked relieved that the problem had been solved – at least for now the child would be safe and cared for in a home she could trust, but Scorpius didn't feel anything akin to relief. He knew exactly what had just happened. Scorpius came back home with Charlotte in his arms to find Albus waiting in the living room. It was a cavernous open space that took up most of the first floor and was filled of massive couches, a shelf full of games, warm blankets, family photos and dog hair – just the way Albus and Scorpius had come to like things. Albus, however, didn't look happy once he caught sight of Charlotte. He leaped off the couch and went to his husband, but Scorpius shook his head quickly and Albus froze in his tracks. "Charlotte?" Scorpius said softly. She raised her sleepy head from his shoulder and looked up at him with half-closed eyes. She blinked a few times as she came to her senses and looked at Scorpius expectantly before looking around and taking in her surroundings. She looked up at the high vaulted ceiling, the heavy wrought iron light that hung from the center of the ceiling, and into the half-open kitchen before her eyes fell on Albus. Scorpius felt her tense up in his arms. "Charlotte, this is Albus, my husband." "Pancakes," Charlotte said, connecting the face with the comment. Scorpius grinned at her. "Yes, pancakes," Scorpius said. "Albus?" Scorpius saw the moment it happened. Albus met Charlotte's eyes and Scorpius saw him fall in love with the little girl. He'd seen it five times before – the most intense (aside from Avery, as she'd been their first) was the second day they'd had infant Adam, and Albus had watched as he vomited on Draco's shoulder. Scorpius was certain from that moment on that Adam had been Albus' secret favorite, but now he wasn't so sure. "Hello," Albus greeted her. He had his hands shoved in his pockets – a tell that he was uncomfortable – and he stared at her with a helpless sort of look for a moment before looking at Scorpius. It was a silent understanding that this little girl needed them. Charlotte looked at Albus as if she were deciding what to do –