Scorpius, I will be long gone by the time you read this. It will have been nearly five years, if the healers at St. Mungo's are right, and I know that by the time your father places this letter in your hands, you will be a young wizard of great talent and even greater heart. As I write this, you are asleep in the window seat of my study, curled around a book with the sunlight coming in from outside. Our days grow short and I know this summer has been the both the longest and shortest of your young life. You have not left my side for a bit of it, though the weather has been pleasant and you have a brand-new broom, and I am selfishly grateful. Every minute with you is even more precious to me now, and I hope that when you are old enough to understand and love your own children as much as I love you, you will look back on these weeks and know just how much your presence has comforted me. If you are reading this, you have just graduated from Hogwarts. I am so very sorry that I was not there, but know that I have been watching over you every moment, and I hope that in some small way, you have been able to feel my presence in your moments of both need and triumph. As I watch you now, thirteen and so open and unabashedly yourself, I know that you'll grow into a kind and loving young man, and I do hope that your final years at school have been kinder than the ones I was able to witness. I wish I could see the man you are now. Maybe you are planning to join the Ministry of Magic. Perhaps you are planning to become a healer or a historian. Maybe you are a Quidditch player or a world-class Wizard's Chess master. You could be planning to be Minister of Magic or a teacher at Hogwarts - no matter what path you have chosen, always remember that I am as proud of you now as they day I penned this letter. It will have been hard for you, I know, to have gone on without me and to have faced your teenage years without your mother, and it will have been difficult to have watched your father grieve. I know that life will not have been easy for you after my passing, and I hope that you have found friends and kept the ones you have. You and Albus have always taken care of one another, and I hope that doesn't end with your graduation, and that you spent your ceremony surrounded by friends you will keep as you start to build your life. I hope that at eighteen you're in love (or that you will be soon) - that you've fallen in love young and that you will have all the time you could possibly want, and I hope that you and the person you love treat each other with kindness and forgiveness, because in the end, I can assure you that is all that matters. My beautiful boy - I love you so much, and I am so proud of you. Love, Astoria Scorpius looked up from the letter and out across the Apennine Mountains, leaning into the railing of the balcony. The mild weather made him feel weightless as the morning light met the treetops, and he watched the sunrise like he had every morning since they'd left England. He folded the letter carefully and slid it back into its thick parchment envelope before tucking it in his pocket, sniffing back some tears. He and Albus had been away from home for three weeks, moving from town to town through the Floo network, visiting wizarding settlements and muggle museums alike throughout Italy. Scorpius had regretted their decision to leave almost immediately. His enthusiasm to get away and his impulse to just act normal had gotten the better of him, and with the rush of exploring, he'd pushed Albus too hard too fast without even realizing. By the end of the third day he'd had to figure out the Roman muggle taxi system in a language he was barely passable in because Albus, despite his valiant effort, was nearly unable to walk. Albus was a better liar than Scorpius had given him credit for, and his poker face was unshakable for the first few days. He insisted he was fine in the mornings, ready to go exploring again, and Scorpius wanted so badly to believe him. He'd relied on his cane and had taken a few more breaks than Scorpius would have otherwise, but had kept a smile on until they'd reached the wizarding settlement of Mirto in southern Italy. Only then did he ask for a day to just explore the small village and rest. "Why didn't you tell me how bad it was?" Scorpius asked in their small, rented room at the heart of the settlement. He'd folded his arms and scowled while Albus poured himself another glass of wine. "You were having so much fun," Albus had said. "And it's just a little sore - that's all." Scorpius wasn't fooled, and he'd tried to convince Albus it was time to go home, but it was no use. He suspected Albus wanted to keep travelling for the same unspoken reason they'd taken the trip to start with, despite Draco's pleas that they stay – their lives had become a series of befores and afters. Before the Time Turner Incident. After Godric's Hollow. Before Scorpius was held captive. After Albus was injured. They had to do something to make this after a bit more enjoyable. Now, Scorpius looked over his shoulder through the small glass door, attempting to quell his headache by rubbing his temples. Albus was still asleep in bed, tangled in the sheets with the pillows awkwardly placed under his knee to make himself comfortable, his hand resting above him on the pillow wrapped in gauze because Albus just had to play with the dragons at the Mirto preserve and the hatchling Romanian Longhorn had bit him. "He's the runt of the litter," Albus had said affectionately while his hand bled on the dragon's tail. "He doesn't know how to socialize." Scorpius shook his head and looked out over the mountains again, closing his eyes and enjoying the stillness until he lost track of time. "What are you doing out here?" Scorpius jumped, startled, and looked back to Albus standing in the doorway with his sloppy morning smile. "Just getting some air." "You were reading that letter again, weren't you?" Scorpius looked away, his hand instinctively moving towards his pocket. Albus limped from the doorway to join him at the railing, and Scorpius leaned over to kiss the top of his head. "I might have been," he admitted. "Are you ever going to let me see it?" "Maybe someday," Scorpius said. "When I can read it without tearing up." "We cry a lot for Slytherins," Albus said thoughtfully. "Well, you get teary when you're frustrated," Scorpius said. "I'm just a child in an adult's body." "That's not true," Albus protested through a yawn. "You're at least a first year in an adult's body." Scorpius laughed, which seemed to be enough for Albus because he smiled sleepily and sank into one of the patio chairs. "Why don't you go back to bed?" Scorpius asked. "You still look tired." "We have museums to see," Albus said, twirling his wand between his fingertips. "And bookstores to visit, I'm sure. Possibly a library or two." "I think we should go home today," Scorpius said carefully. Albus' hand went still and he looked up, displeased. "No, we're going into Florence today," Albus said slowly. "And the day after tomorrow we're going to Turin." Scorpius chose his words carefully. "We've been gone for a while," he said, leaning back on the railing nonchalantly. "I've already frightened three families just by being Scorpius Malfoy –" "Neither of us were expecting that story to have been covered internationally," Albus defended. "And that mother needed to calm down. You were just handing her kid back the toy wand." Scorpius continued. "And I'm starting to get nervous about finding a flat -" "You're a bad liar," Albus said coolly. "We do not need to go back early. I'm quite enjoying myself and I'm just fine." "You nearly collapsed yesterday and almost fell asleep in your pizza." "That was the wine," Albus said defensively. "You always were a cheap drunk." Albus scowled at him. "We're not going home," Albus declared, unwrapping the bandage from his hand. "I'm just a little slow is all." Scorpius took the seat across from him and examined the bite marks. It was nearly healed, thanks to some spectacular salve one of the Mirto wizards had given them. "It's going to leave a scar," Scorpius said, disappointed. "Wicked," Albus countered, grinning as he examined the marks on the back of his hand. "It actually looks like a dragon bite. I can't wait to show Uncle Charlie." "So the death wish thing... that's a Weasley trait?" "I get it from both sides," Albus said, holding his hand out to the light. "And it's not a death wish. It's just old-fashioned recklessness." Scorpius shook his head, playing with Albus' fingers. "You should have been a Gryffindor." Before Albus could offer his usual snarky reply, three owls swooped down onto the balcony - one reaching Albus and two landing in front of Scorpius. He untied the letter from the unknown owl first and it flew off instantly, clearly having better things to do, but his favorite of the Malfoy owls, Noctua, gave him an affectionate hoot and he stroked her feathers lightly as he unburdened her. "Oh, no," Albus said, examining his letter. "What?" "It's our N.E.W.T. scores." " Yes." Scorpius ripped his open eagerly and unrolled the parchment, ignoring the introductory language and skipping right to his scores at the center of the page. "O's and E's," Scorpius announced. "What about you?" Albus slumped in his chair. To anyone else, it may have looked like defeat, but Scorpius knew better - Albus was relieved. He silently handed over his letter and Scorpius grabbed it, scanning it quickly. "You got an Outstanding on Creatures, Potions and Defense Against the Dark Arts," he said as Albus read Scorpius' scores. "That's excellent." "Well, so did you - except Defense. Dad might take that personally," Albus said. "And you got O's in History of Magic and Runes." "I would have gotten one in Astronomy too if I'd slept better the night before." Albus pursed his lips. He remembered the night before the Astronomy exam, and it hadn't been pleasant. "We all have bad nights," Albus said, possibly for the millionth time. Scorpius set down the parchment, relieved. He hadn't expected an outstanding on his Defense Against the Dark Arts exam anyway - he'd hesitated too long with the boggart and hadn't exactly maintained his composure - but he'd been worried sick about Albus' Care of Magical Creatures results. Not only did his job at the Magizoology Society depend on it, the test had followed their Defense exam and Albus had been distracted. "Well," Scorpius began, smiling, "it looks like you had nothing to worry about at all concerning your job." "Nothing at all," Albus agreed, though the way he looked out over the mountains said he was very worried indeed. Scorpius sighed and grabbed the second letter, recognizing Ainsley's loopy handwriting immediately. He pulled out her letter and found it longer than expected. "Who's that from?" "Ainsley," Scorpius said. "She says dad and Dania took her into London to replace all of the things her mother had bought her." Albus laughed. "That's such a Malfoy thing to do." Scorpius looked at him over the top of his glasses. "It was my suggestion." " Exactly ." Draco Malfoy