This story was written for Anise in The DG Forum Fic Exchange - Summer 2017 by a member of our forum. For more details, please visit our page. 01. Vertigo Ginny had never been the kind of person who felt disoriented when waking from a deep sleep. It didn't matter if she fell asleep in her childhood bedroom, her Hogwarts dormitory or a strange hotel room on a foreign continent; she always had perfect recall of where she was and why she was there. Due to this innate ability that she'd developed over her twenty-eight years, it was a particularly disturbing thing for her to wake alone in an unfamiliar room. Ginny arched her back, arms gliding languidly above her head to stretch her already loose muscles. She wiped some of the drool from her cheek with the back of her hand as she sat up, taking stock of her current circumstance. Strangely, she'd fallen asleep wearing a coat dress and a pair of ugly, sensible heels. Ignoring that she'd even managed to fall asleep in such attire, Ginny was confident she'd never owned such an outfit in her life. Well, she was pretty certain, at the least... But… no, that wasn't right, was it? she wondered hazily as she stood and surveyed the bedroom, from the lemon-drop yellow comforter perfectly made up on the mattress, to the watercolour painting hanging above the bedhead from which a kitten peered down at her with an imperious gaze. The heavy weight of her petticoat swung about her legs, the loud rustle of the fabric a small nuisance in light of her confusion. The more she considered the garment, the more she doubted herself. It wasn't so unusual for her to have bought a top or skirt in the past, only to forget about the garment once it was pushed to the back of her dresser… perhaps she'd merely forgotten? The sparse room held no obvious clues for her. Seeking answers, she idly puttered over to the window, throwing back the heavy drapes to let in some sunlight, and stopped short at the unfamiliar street outside. White rose bushes lined the small front garden of the house she stood in. They were so perfectly pruned it was unnerving, and she absently wondered who cared for the plants. Ginny certainly wouldn't bother investing so much time in such beautiful flora, instead preferring the natural beauty of wild growth. The houses across the street were a series of small cottages, nearly identical in appearance with thatched roofs and short, stone walls lining the perfectly cobbled footpaths. Godric's Hollow , the name of the township sprung to mind, and since it was the most concrete thought she'd had since waking, she felt she had no choice but to accept it as fact. Her gaze wandered along the cobbled path - perfectly cleaned and weeded - and onto the quiet street... where a group of children darted about on miniature brooms, in plain sight of any passing muggles. No one had bothered to use so much as a disillusionment charm to conceal them from prying eyes. She fumbled with the window latch then flung it open. "Oi!" she yelled down at them, then clapped her hand over mouth when they halted to a stop - and one child collided with another, sending the pair tumbling to the ground. "Merlin - are you alright? Where are your parents?" The children blinked up at her, and the little girls who'd fallen at such peculiar angles hopped back onto their brooms, without so much as a scratch on their knobby little knees. "Our mothers are at home, Mrs Potter," one of the little girls responded. She blinked at them. The name sounded incredibly odd, as though she'd pulled on a pair of boots that pinched too tightly at her toes whenever she took a step. It was so perplexing that she forgot why she'd interrupted them in the first place. Instead, she shut the window, and the children continued to play. Ginny turned and stared at the watercolour kitten suspiciously as it nestled amongst a cluster of multicoloured flowers. It continued to clean its paws, looking washed-out against the bright pink-and-yellow bouquet as it did. In a small attempt to orient herself, she bit her lip while considering who could have possibly had such horrendous taste in decor. This was a bedroom, for Merlin's sake, and there was no way she could imagine herself getting in the mood with an infant cat peering down at her. Nothing was making sense to her today. She sighed deeply, supposing that she might as well search the rest of the house for clues. It turned out that she needn't look far - she emerged into a narrow hallway, clusters of framed pictures on the wall in front of her and continuing on every available wall. She examined each one, seeing a mixture of tiny black-and-white portraits of herself and another dark-haired boy. Ginny was not surprised to note that, as was apparently the theme of the day, she couldn't recall any of them being taken - and she'd especially never recalled having a fringe as a child. Intrigued, she continued across the landing and over to the stairs that lead down to the ground floor. She stopped short when her foot hit the first step, her hand gripping the wooden banister tightly. The first picture was a family portrait featuring another, more familiar version of herself… if familiar was even the right word for it. Her face was just the same, but the change in her normally blunt, shoulder length hair was startling. The front of it sat high off her face, styled into perfect, broad curls, and it looked perfectly at home with the possessive hand placed firmly on her shoulder - though she didn't appear to look too upset about that. The hand belonged to Harry Potter, his hair more well-kept than she'd ever seen it, his eyes crinkling in a contented smile behind a pair of half-frame glasses. Most unusual of all, the lightning scar that had always marred his forehead was absent. In front of them stood two young children - young teenagers, she guessed - and now that she saw the boy at an older age she could clearly see he was as strikingly similar in looks to Harry, as Harry himself had been to his father. The red-headed little girl she'd originally mistaken for herself still donned the same wholesome fringe and ponytail. Ginny had missed the colour of the girl's eyes, thanks to the colourless tones of the other images, but they were just the same shamrock green that Harry's were. She lifted a hand, her fingertips hovering over the glass in front of the little girl, as a warm feeling bubbled in her chest. She'd always hoped to have a child of her own one day - a little person who was equal parts her and the man she loved, though for some reason those striking green eyes staring back at her were unsettling. She'd always imagined her own children with grey eyes, like the ocean in a storm… But where on earth would they inherit that from? Her own eyes were a plain old brown. Ginny stood there, leaning over to peer at the inhabitants of the photo while they waved back at her, her hands firmly on her hips as she teetered at the top of the staircase and tried to make sense of everything. The longer she stared at it, the surer she was that these unnervingly perfect clones of herself and Harry were their children - her children, she thought, aghast that she'd ever forgotten them. What were their names? The rattle of a key in the front door startled her from her thoughts, and she immediately grabbed her wand - where it was tucked away in her pocket, thank Merlin. Ginny hunched down behind the banister so she could peer at the doorway and leave herself enough room to run back along the landing, if she had to, just as the door opened to reveal Harry Potter himself. His change in appearance in the portrait behind her was just as startling now she saw him in person, though she struggled to remember how he ordinarily looked… her memory of him was becoming fuzzy, just like everything else had since she'd woken. He didn't appear to notice her as he came through the entryway and shrugged off his outer robes, hanging them up on the coat rack by the door. He whistled quietly as he dropped a briefcase on the floor next to the stand, then made his way through to the lounge room. Ginny edged down the staircase cautiously, still hunching low so as not to draw attention to herself, wondering at his appearance. The more she watched him as he moved about the house and eventually settled on a plush armchair in the lounge room, the more normal he looked to her in his brown trousers, shirt and knitted vest. Even the pipe that he lit with his wand while he perused a nearby newspaper seemed distressingly ordinary. She must have somehow given herself away, because Harry caught sight of her at the top of the staircase and smiled at her, pulling the pipe from his mouth and placing his copy of the Daily Prophet back on the side table next to him. "Are you feeling better, honey?" She descended the stairs, sheepish as she placed one foot after another. "I'm still, uh, somewhat out of sorts." "Oh dear," Harry replied, placing his pipe on a tray next to his chair and standing in order to meet her where she'd decided to hover near the front door. "Perhaps we should call the Healer?" Ginny blanched at the thought of someone prodding about inside her head. "No - that's not necessary." Harry peered at her over his glasses, as though considering her answer, then shrugged. "If you insist, dear." He smiled at her as he returned to his chair, more or less ignoring her as he puffed at his pipe once more. She watched him a little longer, wondering if she was meant to be doing something. Nothing here seemed familiar to her apart from Harry, but even then his presence continued to strike a strange chord with her - or perhaps it was her presence here that felt so wrong. Unwilling to disturb him for the answers she sought, she back away from him and towards the next room, intending to search for… well, she wasn't quite sure what, but she figured that she'd know once she found it. The next room was, rather predictably, a large kitchen with a small table on the opposite side. Ginny's nose wrinkled as she examined the place, from the broad, checkerboard linoleum covering the floor, to the blush pink countertop and cupboards. She supposed she should breathe a sigh of relief that the windows weren't dressed in lace, though more of those damn kitten portraits hung on the far wall above the kitchen table. The small, rectangular table had a short vase on top of a doily in the centre and more of those infuriating, perfectly pruned roses. Four seats clustered around the table and a high chair sat at the far end- Ginny froze. Wait - a high chair? "Harry," she called, as she teetered in the doorway. "Yes, pumpkin?" Ginny scowled at the nickname, but pressed on. "Where… where is the baby?" "Albus is in the nursery, of course," he told her, his voice amused. "Are you sure you're feeling alright?" "I'm fine," Ginny replied, wondering where in high hell the nursery was. She'd been lumbering around the house all this time, screaming at random kids out of windows, when her baby had been nearby and left unattended. It was a wonder she hadn't heard the poor boy wailing his little heart out already. Shaking her head, she came back