This story was written for chromeknickers in The DG Forum Fic Exchange - Summer 2017 by a member of our forum. For more details, please visit our page. Warning: This fic contains plenty of booze, some internet/"interwebs" stalking, a rational adult Ron, a ghostly but sentient Fred, and a brief mention of a same-sex pairing. A/N: Lia, I hope you like this! I went a bit trope-y with it, but hopefully in an enjoyable way. Ginny is definitely a bit "unhinged," though maybe more relatable than fun, exactly? lol Many, many thanks to my beta, J. I take complete responsibility for any remaining errors. Endless gratitude to my manky-but-dear friend S for inspiring prickly adult Draco and for allowing me to use some of our Twitter exchanges for inspiration. Finally, a big thank you to the lovely and brilliant Laura W. for her cameo appearance. "Okay ladies, I think that's a wrap for today. You can all come down and I'll see you on Monday." Ginny waived down the three chasers she'd been putting through drills all afternoon and made a couple of quick notes on the chart she was holding. Sara Meyer's left arm was still a bit weak, so she'd recommend that they keep her on the right flank for a few more games. Ginny vanished her quill, tucked the chart under her arm and turned her wrist to check her watch. It had been Fred's, a muggle timepiece he'd bought with his own money and it was too large for her much thinner arm, which caused the face to sit to the inside. The slight pang didn't have time to settle, however, when she saw that it was after five. She muttered a curse sprinted across the pitch toward the locker rooms, begging her knee to hold. "You must be late," Gwenog laughed as Ginny zoomed past her office, already tugging off her sweaty top as she stepped into the locker room doorway beside it. She threw her clothes into a corner rather than take the time to walk to the back and use her locker. She stepped under the spray of the shower, looking over her shoulder when she heard Gwen enter behind her. The brunette propped her shoulder against the wall and crossed her arms with an amused expression. "I know, I know," Ginny said as she soaped up. "But believe me, if I skived off, I'd never hear the end of it. It's easier just to show up than make up a story that won't have Ron running to mum about my 'shiftless lifestyle.'" Gwen laughed again. "I don't know, Gin. I'm pretty sure you must enjoy these things on some level. Maybe there's a masochist hidden somewhere inside?" "Perish the thought," Ginny trilled, quickly shampooing her hair. She was not about to admit that maybe Gwen was correct; not about masochism because that wasn't her thing, but perhaps she did enjoy these Friday night gatherings just a little. To be perfectly honest, they currently made up the whole of her social life. Oh, the girls from the team still invited her out with them on their weekend pub crawls, but it felt awkward now. A year ago, she'd suffered a career-ending knee injury in a game against the up-and-coming Caracas Conquistadores and Gwen had stood her true friend by switching her to an offensive coaching position rather than just releasing Ginny from her contract. While she was grateful, she was still learning how to navigate her new dynamic with her team. Her dating life was so non-existent that it wasn't worth mentioning. When she stepped from the shower, Gwen had gone but the word "masochist" floated in the air in gold, glittery letters. Ginny snorted and ended the spell, then used her wand to dry her hair and body and summon her clothes. Maybe she'd stop by the bakery on her way. She was going to be so late anyhow, and if she brought something really good she could avoid an earful from Hermione. OOO When Ron Weasley and Harry Potter had joined the Aurors together, everyone had assumed that they would end up partners–and they had been, for about two weeks. Unfortunately, their "thunder in and pray" method from the war didn't work terribly well for investigating routine crimes. Simultaneously, the department also had a pair of recruits who were excellent strategists and needed to be separated because their time spent strategizing was causing them to miss their window to act . When Ron and Draco Malfoy had first been partnered, bets were taken on which of the two would kill the other. There had been weeks of tension and distrust; Hermione Floo called Ginny in the wee hours once, certain Malfoy had killed her husband because he hadn't come home. That night had resulted in a turning point, not because Malfoy had killed Ron but because he'd saved his life on a dangerous stakeout. Things weren't perfect, but they were far from what they had been, and any lingering tension could generally be diffused by Harry or his partner, Blaise Zabini. Ginny wasn't so easily won over. To be frank, she thought it was incredible that the four men were all chummy now. Sure, Draco Malfoy had changed quite a bit and wasn't the hateful boy he'd been at school, but he was still a complete ballbag in her book. Her was arrogant, a know-it-all, and a notorious womanizer. She was certain he had saved her brother on accident, because she couldn't imagine him ever having enough depth to actually care about another person. Once a week, however, she was thrust into his company when Ron and Hermione hosted their weekly gatherings. The dinners had started at Kingsley's suggestion when Ron and Malfoy were still struggling to get along and be a team. Now they were just a chance to unshoulder the stress of the week, drink, and gorge themselves on Hermione's much improved cooking. Her brother and sister-in-law even sent Rose to her parents' house to spend the night each Friday—much to Molly's delight—so that they could cut loose, too. The group tended to change based on who was available on a particular Friday, but she could always count on Draco Malfoy being present, and Ginny herself showed up each week to stave off questions about her personal life. Most people were still under the impression she was dating Oliver Wood, and she and Oliver had agreed to allow that to continue for the good of their public relations unless and until it wasn't convenient for one or both. Ginny found it secretly amusing that Ron thought she sacrificed her Friday night out of love for him when in reality she would otherwise be parked on her sofa with a pint of chocolate chip mint and a romcom marathon. Today Pansy Parkinson opened the door, taking the blueberry peach crumble Ginny was balancing in one hand while she dug for the key that fit the muggle deadbolt Hermione insisted on. "Heard you cursing out here," Pansy grinned. "Those were some good ones, I'll have to remember them." Ginny gave her a weak smile and rolled her eyes, but followed Pansy into the house. She could never quite shake the feeling that the Slytherin woman was watching her closely, weighing her, evaluating her. But Parkinson had never been anything polite when she showed up, and while nobody knew what had happened, Harry had confirmed that they'd made their peace. Hermione's theory was that Pansy was harboring a crush on George that made her antsy around Weasleys, but Ginny suspected she was just always waiting for her to hex the blond prat Parkinson called a best friend. "Hope you didn't make that," the prat in question drawled as Pansy carried the crumble past and into the kitchen. Without looking at her, he pulled a card from his hand and laid it atop the pile on the dining table that he, Ron, Harry, and Blaise were circled around. "Hey Weasley, if we have to eat something your sister made, does that count as attempted murder?" Harry and Blaise tried to smother their grins, but Ron guffawed and earned himself a smack to the back of the head. "You're supposed to defend me, arsewipe. I'm your sister—and a lady!" "Is that what you are? I've always wondered," Malfoy said, still not lifting his gaze from his cards. Ginny gave him two fingers and then turned to embrace Hermione, who handed her a butterbeer. "Be nice," Hermione hissed in her ear. "To him ?" Hermione's lips twitched. "Then be a benevolent goddess and have pity?" Ginny grinned and took a sip from her bottle, then settled onto one end of the sofa Hermione had conjured in the corner of the dining room. Hermione sat at the other and Pansy wandered in from the kitchen where she had apparently been helping (or Pansy's version of helping, anyhow, which usually just meant tasting everything), levitating the stool from that room behind her. She settled it near Draco so that she could peer over his shoulder. She always declined to join them, but she had no qualms about telling him how to play his hands. Ron took his turn and then leaned back in his chair. "So Zabini, you didn't tell us what happened with the blonde Wednesday night." "And I won't," Blaise said, waggling his brows. "A gentleman doesn't kiss and tell." Harry snorted. "Funny, I seem to remember you giving graphic details about that 'adult entertainer' in the Murphy case and the way she-" "Hey, I think we established that there are ladies present," Pansy interrupted with a wrinkle of her pert nose. "Yes," Ginny cut in smoothly, "you know what a weak stomach ickle Dracoooo has." Malfoy gave her a flat look from under his lashes as Ron said wistfully, "Anyway, that witness from Wednesday almost made me wish I was single." Five of the occupants in the room cringed, but Hermione only laughed and threw the kitchen towel she was still holding at his head. "You wouldn't have gotten lucky anyway." His wife popped back into the kitchen to check the roast and Ron grunted. "She's right, especially about this hand." He threw his cards down. "I'm out. Your pot Harry." Harry collected the pot—fifteen or so sickles, a real haul for their games—and Blaise stretched. "I'm tired of cards." "Good," Hermione sang, entering the room with the serving tray full of roast. "Then clear the table, it's time to eat." Pansy ran to fetch the puddings and gravy while Ginny and Blaise cleared. Malfoy conjured a table cloth and Harry levitated plates and flatware over Pansy's head from the kitchen and soon they were all sitting down to eat. "Oh, I forgot the wine," Hermione said. "I also brought this," Blaise said, pulling a bottle of Firewhiskey from inside his robes. Ron had summoned the wine from the kitchen and was offering it around, but didn't fill his own glass. "I think I'll have some of that," he told Blaise. "Me too," said Harry, and Draco nodded and then turned his attention to Ginny, raising a brow in challenge. He knew she was a lightweight, damn his eyes. "I do not feel the need to get sloshed at dinner," she said primly. Draco's cough sounded suspiciously like "coward," and Ginny gritted her teeth and took a bite of roast. "What about a game?" Harry asked, trying to smooth things. "A real game, not 'Bet I can drink you under the table,'" he added, looking at Malfoy. "Truth or drink?" Blaise suggested through a mouthful of Yorkshire pudding. "Nah, some of you would be drunk in five minutes," Ron shook his head, nodding at Pansy who personified Slytherin secretiveness. She stuck her tongue out at him and went back to ladling more gravy onto her meat. "Never have I ever," she said definitively as she put down the gravy boat. "Draco's fun for that