This story was written for PlutoniumBunny in The DG Forum Fic Exchange - Summer 2017 by a member of our forum. For more details please visit our page. A/N: Smut will be rearing its smutty head in Chapters 8 and 9 (especially 9, although there's just a tad bit in Chapter 5 too.) Just a head's up. So if smut isn't your thing, you're safe for awhile! 😊 The sun shone bright and watery in the pale Northumberland sky, teasingly hinting at the warmth to come. But the spring wind whistled overhead, cutting keenly through Ginny's light clothing. She shivered and wished that she had a warmer jacket. They'd started going over her garden designs hours before, and they didn't seem likely to get done anytime soon—although it didn't help that her client was ranging far from reality, she thought. She suppressed the uncharitable thought. She loved her work and harbored a real affection for this particular client. But she was jumpy today, and she knew why. "Er… Sir St. Swithins… if you'd like to take a look at these plans, I can show you where I was thinking of putting the heather—" she began, almost running to keep up with the small, rotund wizard prancing about his property. "So, Ginny dear, I picture the barrel cactus here," said Algernon St. Swithins with a wave of a hand weighed down by gaudy rings, "and the saguaros here, and I do think a grove of Joshua trees just here ." Ginny struggled to suppress a sigh. She'd often had to deal with clients' unrealistic expectations, but this one topped them all. "I'm just not sure that a cactus garden and xeriscape in this climate zone is going to be the most successful plan," she said, as diplomatically as she could. "Northern England isn't really—" "But that's the challenge, isn't it?" he asked, continuing to walk, his highly impractical pink silk robes dragging on the freshly turned and composted ground. Ginny winced and felt sorry for the laundress. They passed a tangle of rosemary bushes. This were walking past the overgrown herb garden, now. The complex, astringent aroma filled the air. Ginny deliberately refused to close her eyes and sniff deeply. Rosemary for remembrance… Well, she didn't want to remember. She turned her thoughts back to the current situation. She'd tried to talk him into restoring this area as an apothecary garden, with dubious results. He seemed set on the most unrealistic ideas possible. ' They continued to walk and began to approach the far edge of the outside wall of one of the tumbledown brownstone outbuildings. Ginny knew that if they kept going and following the wall, which they certainly would, they'd turn and see the broad drive approaching the main entrance. "I was thinking, for this front drive," she ventured, "that we might try something a bit unconventional, but it would work beautifully in this climate- How about rhododendrons and azaleas?" "I know!" He clapped his hands together. " Sugar cane !" "Mr. St. Swithins— Sorry, I mean Sir St. Swithins-" "Oh, I've told you a thousand time, Ginny dear, do call me Algie, everyone does." He beamed at her with his wide mouth. "And any friend of my dear Luna is a friend of mine." Ginny swallowed past a sudden lump in her throat. Nobody knew what had become of Luna; she was one of those who had simply disappeared in the chaos that immediately followed the last battle. Algernon St. Swithins was her mother's cousin, and he simply refused to entertain any suggestion that she might not be in the land of the living, as he himself would put it. Ginny often wished that she could agree with him wholeheartedly. But she couldn't. After the war, she didn't think she had that much hope anymore; it was as if that emotion, or experience, or whatever hope really was, had been surgically excised from her, with cool precision. It was possible to be content without hope, she thought, even happy, sometimes, but she was not the same person without it. …. FOUR YEARS EARLIER …. Luna. Her blond-brown hair flying in the wind as they stood behind the greenhouses at the far edge of the field at Hogwarts during the spring of sixth year, one of the few places they could possibly talk without being overheard and even then they could never be sure, during that awful last year that led up to the war. She was twirling a shasta daisy between her fingers, a late one, because it had been an unusually warm autumn that year. "This could be awfully useful," she was saying, and Ginny knew what she was talking about. They'd just been beginning to develop the flower note system, although it had still been more or less a game, then. "It could," Ginny had replied, her voice grave. I'll never tell. That was what a daisy meant, in the language of flowers. Ginny hadn't been sure if that was exactly the sort of message they might need to send that year, or if the promise was already such a given between herself and Luna and Neville that there was no point in repeating it. …. "But really, Ginny dear," Algie was going on in his high, vague voice so painfully like Luna's. "Sugar cane. And right over there, I picture a stand of orange trees." Ginny returned to the present, pulling her hood tighter over her head as a particularly vicious blast of spring wind threatened to tear her hair off. "Er, I'm just not so sure that…" Then her words died away. Colin Creevey was coming towards them both from the front drive, his steps hurrying. He was too far away for her to really see his face. But she knew, even before she really knew, that he did not carry good news. With that trace of magic left in her, the magic that she had been so determined to slice out of her mind, she knew. I shouldv'e known that was impossible , she thought dully. She couldn't keep Earth magic and plant magic and get rid of the rest. That was too good to be true. Algernon St. Swithins looked at her, and she was grateful that his kind face didn't crinkle with sympathy. She couldn't have endured that. "Go and speak to your friend, my dear," he said. She and Colin walked on one of the stone paths that wound through the overgrown rose gardens, filled with straggling monstrosities that likely hadn't been pruned at twenty years. He spoke quietly, even there was no need to. It wasn't as if anybody could hear them, or would have cared if they had done. "Did you find Ron?" she asked. "Yes. Well, sort of…" Ginny glared at him. "Have you talked to him or not, Colly?" He's all right, he's all right, she repeated to herself again and again. I'd know if he wasn't. He'd always been the closest of her siblings by far, and now he'd taken the place of those who were gone, the ones she tried never to think about. He was the only one who had understood why she had to leave the wizarding world almost four years earlier, and he'd gone with her. More or less. He had never seemed able to quite let go of it all in the way that she had done. Although Ginny was afraid that she might not have let go quite as successfully she believed she had. "Only it's a bit hard to explain," Colin went on. "I mean, it's not as if I don't know that he's all right, because he is," he added hurriedly. "And he's still there. But it's more complicated than that…" She sighed in exasperation. True, her worst fears had been swiftly quieted. It didn't sound as if Ron had got himself into any serious trouble after leaving to answer a summons from the new head of the Ministry, John Grayson. Ginny hadn't wanted to go with him, although she still had a nagging feeling that she should have done it anyway. But Ron hadn't allowed her to leave, insisting that somebody had to make sure to keep the landscaping clients happy, especially because they'd landed such a huge account with Algernon St. Swithins and Higgletybottom Manor. "Colly, will you please just tell me what's happened?" she asked with exaggerated patience. Colin took far too much time in carefully moving a David Austin rose that was threatening to take over the path. "As far as I can tell, Ron had a bloody awful argument with someone in the Ministry, or something—maybe it was just your mum- and then he stomped off. I'm pretty sure that they've been trying to find him or not, but nobody's been able to, at least not from what they've told me. This new assistant minister, Grayson, is keeping information pretty close. He's the one who told me what happened, and that's all he said." Ginny winced. She could just imagine the stomping scene, and Ron's red face as he yelled at the Aurors or her mother or whoever it had been. "I tried to tell Ron what a bad idea it was going to be," she said. "Wait, so what else did this Grayson say?" "He wants you to come down there." They kept walking for a minute before she asked, "Have you heard anything about... the others?" Colin stuck his hands in his pockets, clearly knowing exactly what they meant. "They're all right. That's what Charlie said." Ginny nodded. Charlie was in Lapland taming frost dragons, and Percy had moved to America and was an attache to some senator or other. Those two remaining brothers had retreated into themselves after the war, retreated elsewhere, and she rarely heard from them, just often enough to know that they were alive. What she hadn't known was that Colin apparently had more contact with her brothers than she did. "Why did Charlie tell you ?" she asked curiously. "Oh, we've kept in touch," Colin said. Ginny decided to let it go. "Well, this Grayson is going to get his wish. I'll have to go down there again," she said quietly. The words were unnecessary, really, but she said them anyway. Ginny had left London for good over a year earlier because she just wanted nothing to do with the new regime, not with any of it. The past was forgotten, the memories cut off as with a razor-sharp knife. She would not think of the last battles. She would not remember her lost brothers and father and friends. She would not remember her brief, abortive attempt to make things work with Harry. Ron went with her, and Colin. Both Luna and Neville would have gone as well if they'd survived, which they hadn't—yet another thing she tried not to think about. The three of them had started a design and landscaping business, an idea that Ginny had been toying with for a long time. But then Ron went back to London to talk to their mother and the Ministry a week before, he hadn't told her exactly why, and she'd known from the moment he left that if he didn't come back, she'd have to go after him. She would have to return to London, to the Ministry, to the places she hadn't been in almost two years, and see the people she hadn't seen in all that time. Everything that she had tried to avoid, she would need to confront. She would not fail Ron. But if only he hadn't gone in the first place! Oh, I told him how all of this would work out… he wouldn't listen, he never has. "I'm going with you," said Colin. "I don't want to hear a word about it. I'm going." Ginny couldn't even muster a token protest. "All right. So we'll leave tomorrow? We'll take the train to London?" "No." He looked slightly uncomfortable.