" I'm going to marry you some day!" I promise her. Katniss giggles at me, spinning around on her toes at the edge of the creek that runs through my backyard. Bits of mud and grass stick to her scrawny legs; her tanned face an ashy brown from the mask of mud she applied while scratching an itch. " Look, Peeta! A frog!" Katniss jumps into the creek, her duck boots filling with water. All she could think about was the frog that was hopping towards me. I bent down and picked it up, holding it between my hands as its legs went slack, accepting its fate. "I'm going to kiss it! Maybe it'll turn into a prince!" I scrunch my face as she abandons her water-logged boots and rushes over, feet covered in pebbles. She kisses the frog on the lips and frowns. "Oh…" she sighs and then grins. "Maybe I can turn YOU into a frog!" She gets on her toes and kisses me with her frog slime covered lips. In shock, I throw the frog back into the water and spit. "Ew! Katniss! Gross!" I don't know what grossed me out more, being kissed by a girl or the frog slime. She makes a fish pout and tries to do it again, but I take off running. "Get back here, Peeta Mellark! If you're going to marry me, you're going to have to get used to kissing me!" I run back to my house, the two of us giggling like fiends. " Ribbit!" I call back to her. I didn't know that what I felt back then was called a crush. I still thought that girls had cooties; all of them but Katniss, though. We grew up next to each other and have been inseparable since we could walk. We didn't even know what marriage was back then. "Just sex, no feelings," I confirm for the hundredth time. "Feelings make things messy," she says with a smile. I grab her by the waist, stroking the inch of bare skin on the small of her back. She shivers, even though it's late summer. Katniss was right, feelings would ruin what we had, which is why I would never tell her about mine. "Katniss, you're running late! Seriously, the one train that's on time in this city and you're going to miss it again!" Actually, anything SEPTA controlled was perpetually two minutes late which is the only reason why Katniss was on time for anything. She bolts down the stairs, slipping a little before pulling on her grass green Wellies. She opens her mouth like a baby bird and I shove my last piece of toast in her mouth. "Thanks! And good luck today! I'll be listening at work!" She pulls on her rain coat and shoves her work shoes into her bag before running out the door into the rain. "Five, four, three, two…" the door opens and she grabs her keys. "Every morning…" our roommate, Finnick Odair, grumbles. "Ever since she started with that asshole… Actually…she started running late around the time you two started fucking." "At least she stopped cleaning at five. And don't tell her you know… please?" "Finnick Odair's vault is harder to crack than Fort Knox. Your secret is safe with me!" He pretends to zip his lips while coming down the stairs. "Annie's though…" "Morning, Annie! Is that why you work at City Hall?" "Want to know who the comptroller is fucking?" "Morning, Peeta!" she giggles, poking her head out of his bedroom, the only one you can see from the bottom of the stairs. "First, what is a comptroller?" I ask. Finnick strolls into the kitchen in nothing but his boxers whistling. "Does accounting, and his secretary…" Wonderful. Katniss and I have kept our little 'agreement' going for four years, since our junior year at the University of Pennsylvania. At twenty four, we've gone through more condoms and packs of Plan-B than normal people should. If everything was working as it should, we'd have a perfect agreement. Whenever one of us gets into a relationship, the sex abruptly stops. Fortunately or unfortunately, however you want to look at it, we have shit luck with relationships. Katniss is attracted to piercings, tattoos, and deadbeats. Ever since Finnick moved in with us at age nineteen, he and I started placing bets on how long her relationships would last. I made fifty bucks on 'Neck Tattoo.' I never knew his name, but Katniss kicked him to the curb when she caught him with a crack pipe. Finnick called it hypocritical since Katniss and I had a pretty expensive chronic habit. " Potheads just chill and eat too much Taco Bell, or have meltdowns in Reading Terminal because Peeta only brought twenty dollars!" she snapped, already seeing the humor in the situation. "Crackheads shamble around outside and make me wonder whether or not they're walkers or high." " Also offering blowjobs," I add. After Neck Tattoo, we had a good six months of just her and I. Then two months ago, along came Cato. He was two years younger than us, living just off Temple's campus. Katniss never brings him around anymore, not since Finnick and Annie accused her of robbing the cradle. Finnick bet he would last six months, I bet four. I work at a local radio station, DJ'ing through rush hour. It's a pretty mindless job, talk to pissed off suburban commuters for a few hours, take their requests, and let my co-DJ bounce slightly inappropriate jokes off me. "No, seriously, have you heard it?" Caesar rolls his eyes. "I'm sorry, I prefer to ignore songs that are so heavily synthesized it sounds like the singer is breathing helium." "Aw, come on… my roommate's girlfriend's ringtone is Call Me Maybe, and her text tone, and her alarm…" I look up to watch our producer shaking his head. "What about her vibrator? Does her vibrator app sing it, too?" I cringe, "They don't really…" Caesar grins and nods. "And the number one review is about water damage!" Caesar looks down at the phone in front of him. "Hello, you're on the air with Peeta and Caesar." "This is Andrew from South Philly. Guys, I actually want to see a woman with the guts to try this." "You want a girl to come up to you, hand you her phone number and say-" "Hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number. So call me maybe?" Caesar leans into the table on his elbows. "Now, the real question is… would you call her back?" "If she was cute, yeah…" I get an idea because we'll actually have to play some music at some point. "Thanks for your call," I start, then disconnect him. "He brings up a good topic, Caesar. What's either the strangest pick-up line you used, or the strangest way a woman's tried to pick you up?" "Well, I think the strangest was right before MMRBQ last year. This girl, and I'm not using the term loosely, she came up to me and I wanted to ask where her parents were." "Because sixteen will get you twenty?" "Yeah, let's leave it at that. And she recognizes me at one of our ticket stops… She looks me dead in the eye, and says, 'I will give you a lap dance for pit tickets!'" "And?" "Did we not just…? Listen, I'd ask yours…but with those eyes, I'm sure they're throwing panties at you." I snort in reply. My latest relationship was a two month 'fling' with an intern who told me she didn't want to sleep with someone who's hung up on someone else. She quit the station two weeks ago. "Yeah… let's go with that…" I smirk. "So listeners, tell us the strangest way you've either tried to get laid, or what someone's used on you to get laid. Call us, 215-263-WMMR." "Or text us at 39333. Now, here's some Godsmack." I take my headphones off, letting my ears get some air. "You went for the lap dance…" "Yup…" Caesar grins as I Stand Alone plays in the background. My pocket vibrates. Katniss: FUCK EVERYONE FROM CAMDEN! The first thing I think is that maybe she almost got hit by a Jersey driver. There's a running joke in Philly that we identify our bad drivers by putting yellow tags on the front and back of their cars that say 'New Jersey'. I text back: I'm sure there are good people in the city. You like the aquarium, right? Less than a minute later my phone lights up. I went over to Cato's. And he's with some guidette slore! And he called her Glimmer… WHO CALLS THEMSELF THAT!? "Peeta… Peeta?" I realize the song's over and our call board is fully lit up. If they ever make talking on your phone while driving in Pennsylvania illegal, my job will get boring. "Sorry, sorry!" I put my headphones back on. "Girl drama?" Caesar asks. "Always…" I've become an expert at quelling a Katniss Everdeen break up. "What do you want to listen to?" She never cries after a break-up. Rather, it's more like she goes quiet for a day or so. "Not so much water!" Katniss narrows her eyes and dumps out the pipe. "We're using ice!" she snaps. "And Voodoo! You were supposed to play it today. It's our song!" "It's our smoking song. I didn't know we were smoking today." She rolls her eyes at me while gingerly dropping ice cubes into her bong, or 'water pipe', if you were at a head shop. "We smoke every day. Can we go to Sitar?" "That's all the way in University City… Let's just get delivery," I suggest. She sighs and pouts. God dammit… "No. Last time we navigated the Market-Frankford, you almost got in a fight with a guy." She starts pouring just enough water in the bong and I hand her the stem. "Ladies first?" "Such a gentleman…" she teases, pulling out her favorite lighter and putting her mouth up to the top. I watch her out of the corner of my eye while searching for Indian restaurants that deliver to our house. She pulls the stem out and inhales the rest of the smoke before setting the bong down and exhaling after a second. "Better?" I ask, feeling her chest on my back. Katniss gets cuddly when she's high, cuddly and hungry. "Mhm…" She starts running her fingers through my hair. "Voodoo… voodoo…" she sings, but way ahead of the song. "You won't be singing Godsmack in a round in my house…" I take my own hit, blowing my smoke in her face. "I'll smack you until you see God," she snorts. "I'd like to see you try with those porn star hands…" Katniss also loses her mental filter when she's high. "You don't seem to mind my porn star hands when they're wrapped around your dick…" I lean into her. "Not at all…" She steps behind me and starts running her fingers through my hair again. "Hit me…" "Katniss, I'm not smacking you. Last guy who tried that ended up with a black eye." She scratches at my scalp with her nails, knowing this hypnotizes me. "No, I mean… I'm already standing behind you… just…" I hold the bong over my shoulder like a soldier might handle a gun. "Just pull away when you're done… Or start hacking, whatever you want to do." "Face me…" There's something oddly sexual about her pressing her lips to a tube of glass I'm holding in my hand. It's awkward at first when I touch the flame to the bowl. She starts inhaling and the smoke rises. I pull out the stem and it all goes into her lungs. It stays there for a second before she exhales, letting the white smoke billow out of her mouth. "I missed you…" she giggles. "You didn't like Cato…" "No, I didn't… I'm sorry