White Mountain Prologue – The Warg and a Path A new scent flittered tantalizing along the hunter's nose, leading it towards the highest peak of the mountains. These mountains were its home and hunting grounds. The past few years had caused he winter snows to become bitterly cold and game was a scarce thing. Only the best hunters could survive in the harsh climate of the peaks. Snow driving like needles of ice tried to sting the hunters green eyes, but long lashes kept them safe from the swirling snowflakes. The scent carried blood, hurt and death with it. Sound other than the howling of the wind called to the hunters ears and told it the scent was coming closer to its location. Huddling down into the snow to better camouflage its hide the hunter waited for its prey. A pack of nine came around the bend in the snow, five little ones, an elder and three protectors. The hunter flashed its teeth in delight and followed its nose to the small one that smelt of death. If this had been any other time in the hunter's life, the small one would be dead before it could take another step. However the hunter was not hunting for food this time, no…it was hunting something else. It waited for the light one who ran atop the snow to pass before leaping into the way of the small hairy one, he gave a loud shout of surprise and fell backwards into the snow sinking deeply. The hunter flashed its teeth again in amusement and crouched before the group and waited. "Stay your hand Legolas." The Old One called, its staff glowed in its hand and he came towards the hunter with bright curious eyes. "It is a Warg" another warned, the smell of blood strong. "It is no Warg." The Old One said and he came to crouch in front of the seemingly white Warg. Gandalf had seen many things on his travels through middle earth, however this was his first meeting with one of the mythical Mountain Hunters. "Hello, I am Gandalf the Grey, we seek passage through the Misty Mountains." The hunter in front of him crouched lower and waited a beat before springing up and leaping backwards when another of the Old Ones pack moved closer. The Old Ones eyes narrowed at his own pack before turning back to the hunter. "We wish for safe passage." The Old One tried again, the hunter sniffed and turned its head away from them to look further up the path. "Danger follows this path." The husky voice that sounded unused to words startled many in the company. The hunter threw back its face and Gandalf was surprised when the face of the Warg pelt was pushed back to reveal a startling savage beauty beneath. Dark red hair like spilled blood flowed down her back in many braids and green almond shaped eyes watched the others from a sharp face. "What danger is this?" the Old One asked, fascinated by the creature in front of him. She shifted to the side and tilted her head to reveal a long pointed ear that twitched gently. "Foul voice in the wind that seeks destruction." The hunter replied. Aragorn stepped around the softly swearing Gimli as he continued to brush the snow from his clothes and touched a hand to Gandalf's shoulder. "Why have you come to warn us?" he questioned, trying to understand the situation better. No one other than those who had been at Elrond's council had been made aware of the companies journey and this creature was not one he had ever heard of as living in the Misty Mountains before. The creature, dressed in a white Warg pelt showed off her fangs in the glinting sunlight, snow collecting on her red hair. "Pack was seen in dreaming quest. Must help to finish my own." The hunter shifted her weight slightly to move side on so that she could keep all of the company in her line of sight. She was unsurprised to see the light one with his bow and arrow pointed at her heart. "Your own quest?" the Old One asked to clarify and the hunter bowed its head in assent. "You cannot come with us." Aragorn said with a significant look to Gandalf. Gandalf ignored the Rangers look. "How can you help us?" "Path that none of your kind know, I will guide you." "No, we can just go to my cousin Balin's home in Moria, it will be safer." Gimli protested. He turned to the others to implore them of the good hospitality they could expect from the beautiful halls of the Dwarven kingdom. The hunter moved so fluidly that she startled the others badly when she crouched in front of Gimli. "Only death and shadow wait inside the mountain." She warned, her green eyes staring into the Stone Man's own. "I will show you, for you do not understand your own quest and your heart is young." She stood up to face Gandalf and ignored Gimli's protest that he was not young and the murmuring of the others around them. "It must be Frodo's decision." The Old One said in the end and the rest of the group turned to the small dark one that smelled of death. Large liquid eyes turned to the hunter, then over Gimli and then back to the Old One. "Wait a moment, what does it mean by dreaming quest?" Boromir asked, an irritated look on his face. To Boromir it looked as if Gandalf seemed all too happy to follow a stranger into the mountains and lead the company to its doom. The hunter looked at the one that smelt of blood and then back to the Old One. It would seem that she would need to explain herself if she were to complete her own quest. "Dreaming quest is a…" the hunter struggled for a moment, human speech, or common was difficult to remember sometimes. She had not spoken in that tongue for many hundreds of years. "…time of growth for a hunter. To become a strong hunter we must take a quest." "Do you get to choose?" one of the small ones asked, he had a bright curiosity in his eyes and the hunter stared at him for a moment to think about his words. "No, the pack leader, Alpha, is the one that sees the dreaming and gifts the quest." The hunter shifted again to keep the light one in its line of vision. "I have waited for my quest, it is my time now." "And what is this quest?" Boromir asked, he looked pointedly to Aragorn and Legolas in the hopes of their backing his line of questioning. "To find the arrow in the dark." "Oh yes, that was very informative, thank you for telling us your quest." Boromir said sarcastically and turned angrily to Gandalf and Aragorn. "You cannot be seriously thinking about following a strange creature who appeared to us as a Warg? I still say the best path for us is the Gap." "Just wait a moment Boromir." Aragorn turned to Legolas, "What do you think?" Legolas gazed at the hunter a puzzled frown on his face and the hunter returned his gaze without blinking. "I can feel no evil from it," Legolas said. "Do I not get a say in this?" Gimli asked angrily, "That creature attacked me, I'm telling you we need to go to Moria and we can have warm fires and our cups will be overflowing with mead and we will have feasts with more food than can fit inside a Hobbits belly." "Frodo?" Gandalf turned to the young Hobbit with a raised eyebrow, "It is your choice, and we will follow." The dark haired Hobbit looked at his friends, they were shivering in their cloaks and their feet were numb. Gimli was looking at him with hope in his eyes and he knew that going to Moria might be a good idea, but both Gandalf and this hunter seemed to think that was not a good idea. He could feel the stress of making this decision tie his stomach up in knots. Turning towards the hunter Frodo looked into her green eyes and tried to see the answer there. He could feel the ring trying to turn his attention back to Gimli and Boromir and Frodo knew then…whatever the ring wanted he should want the opposite. "I am not sure what the best path to take is, but she knew to wait for us and she has not harmed us. I will follow this creature, please tell us your name." The red haired hunter grinned down at the dark one of death and inclined her head. "I am Niah, Hunter in the Mountains." Boromir cursed. The Hunter ignored the grumblings behind her, she made sure that they were able to follow and that all were safe, but she had her own quest to fulfil, and only through helping the pack of nine would she be able to find completion for her own. "We must rest, the Hobbits cannot keep up." The call came from the one that smelt like blood. The hunter spun around, her red braids clacking together as the metal clasps hit one another. Her green eyes narrowed at the man. He wore fur, and a heavy cloak, his tawny hair and beard were crusted with snow and ice. He however was not looking at the hunter, but at the small ones at his feet that he was trying to help. "There is shelter further ahead, where we will rest." She turned her eyes to the clouds above them and pointed. "A storm will hit tonight." Then she turned around and continued to lead the way. The hunter was not surprised to see the light one with his narrowed blue eyes watching her, he seemed to be their scout and took his duty seriously. The hunter liked him. She returned his look for a moment and waited to see if he would communicate with her. He opened his mouth, closed it and then opened it again to speak. "What are you?" the question was asked with such a curiously puzzled expression that the hunter found herself contemplating the words that she knew in the language of man. "Hunter, mountain dweller, female." She shrugged and moved forward in the snow, hoping to cut a deep enough furrow for the others to follow comfortably. The light one kept pace with her. "Yes, but what is your race?" he spun in the snow to point to the others in his company. "We are many races, the little ones are Hobbits, a race of peaceful farmers. The red haired one is a dwarf, they live in the mountains and mine the jewels and precious ore. The men, they are mortal and have quicker lifespans, they come from different lands. Gandalf is a wizard one of the Old Ones." The hunter waited however, the light one had stopped talking and was waiting for her reply. "What is your race?" "I am of the Elven race, I hail from the Greenwood." The hunter contemplated the words of the scout for a moment, trying to understand the names he had given to describe those of his pack. "We do not have a name for us other than Mountain Hunter for that is what we are." She tilted her head to the side curiously and examined the elf beside her. "What would you call me?" He laughed, for he did not know and in all of his years he had never heard of her people, "I will call your people Mountain Hunters as well for now, as I do not know your origin and this is the first time that I have heard of your people. Are there many of you?" "We do not show ourselves to others, we stay in our caverns and snowhomes. I