Gone Awry A/N: A new story, seeing as I'm in love with the Hunger Games, but who isn't? The crack pairing of Katniss/Cato is intriguing seeing as it never ever would happen, but that's why we have fanficiton. I don't make any profit from the fan fiction in anyway nor do I own the Hunger Games, it's merely a creation from my imagination. "And to get sponsors, you need to get people to like you." I just never thought that he would like me. Chapter 1 "Peeta, please stop talking!" His face was sickly pale, the chills were racking his body and I couldn't stand to watch. His normally beautiful and youthful eyes were dull from the sickness that was spreading through him. He was burning, and there was absolutely nothing I could do. There had been no announcements, no feast, nothing. Haymitch please do something! No matter how much affection was being shown, Haymitch was refusing to come to their aid. Had they lost the sensation of the audience? Was the strategy found out by everyone? There could be millions of reasons as to why they weren't receiving the gift of medicine, and the ominous feeling that a feast was to happen soon settled in her limbs. At this rate, if they even did have a feast, Peeta might not survive the fever that broke into a sweat, the presperation within the cave and his forehead causing small beads of sweat to travel down his face. I rested my head on his chest, and he weakly rested his arm around me. "Katniss," he croaked, his throat must have been so dry, but no matter how much water I gave him, it never changed. "Shh, you need to rest." "No-Katniss," he whispered again, his body was still shaking, and it rattled me to the core that I might lose him. "Stop, Peeta, please." After losing Rue, I couldn't stand the thought of losing the Boy with the Bread as well. The broth that Haymitch had sent us was nearly gone, and my stomach was feverishly aching to be fed. If I didn't go hunting soon, then both tributes from twelve might be dead. "Katniss, you know…I've always cared about you." He was shaking so much, no matter how tightly I held him, no matter how warm I made him, he couldn't stop shaking. "I know Peeta, I know," I murmured into his chest, my fists bunching into his shirt. "If I don't make it-" " Don't say that." Before he could speak again, I pressed my lips to his tightly, begging for him to stay quiet. I placed my hand gently against his face, a small smile trickling onto his weak face. "Ok," he murmured softly, finally agreeing. I could have sworn I heard the dull words of I love you before he was asleep once again. The chills took over his body, and my chest ached watching. There was nothing I could do but lay awake and cuddle next to him within the sleeping bag. It must have been early in the morning and stupidly I had dozed off next to Peeta. Fortunately I had the understanding to block the cave so it was nearly invisible against the brush and bushes outside of the opening. Pressing my ear to his chest, his heartbeat was still with me, and I stared into his face, the pain etched across his face within his sleep. How could I sit here and watch this? It was then that the voice of Claudius echoed around the arena - "Tributes, there shall be a feast at the Cornucopia! You all need something desperately , see you there, and may the odds be ever in your favor!" that annoying voice that always ended in open questions drifted off the speakers within the arena. They would have Peeta's medicine, and there was no way I wasn't going to go. He was still asleep, and there was no time to waste. Cato was going to be in familiar territory, along with Clove, Thresh, and FoxFace. I placed a gentle kiss on his warm cheek, "I'm sorry, Peeta." He was going to wake up and I wouldn't be there with him. I knew he would get the medicine if the situations were reversed, because Peeta is the caring boy that looks to help others before himself. The image of me steps away from deaths door in the rain and him tossing the bread only solidified my rational to get the medicine. With a deep breathe, I nestled my bow and arrows comfortably over my shoulder. I secured the entrance to the cave, and left without the slightest trace of anything inhabiting the inside. The trek to the Cornucopia left me tired, and I squatted within the brush of the forest to take the opportunity and see if anyone was nearby. The four backpacks stood there in the mouth of the golden object, as if they were being swallowed, and the Capitol had that effect on everything they touched. They swallowed lives, dreams, and only gave you a glimmer of hope. FoxFace ran through the field first, quick and conniving - that clever girl. "Damnit," I cursed mildly under my breath, the redheaded girl grasped her backpack before sprinting in the other direction. Clearly they should have given her a higher score than the one she earned. She could go on and win this thing just by outsmarting us all. Deciding to stop wasting time, I bolted from my spot in the bushes. My sprinting wasn't as fast as I would have liked considering the wound to my leg felt like it was going to burst into flames any second. Cato and Clove had to be somewhere near. Faster, run faster! Internally I was screaming at myself, and I could only imagine Haymitch glowering at me, choosing something to criticize about my decision making to get the medicine. Considering the facts that my partner was barely able speak, I had every right to get the medicine. Haymitch be damned. That's when the bulky form of the Career loomed in the distance. My heart hitched in my throat at the sight of him. I dismembered his pack with the tracker jackers, and it was evident he wasn't happy about it. I could outrun him seeing as I had a gradual lead, and I was only an arms length away from saving Peeta's life when Thresh knocked me out of the way. Where had he come from? The wind was forcefully butchered from my lungs as I fell to the ground. Thresh's scythe was inches away from decapitating my face in two, but I had the foresight to roll under the table the backpacks were neatly held on. A strangle of voices and I knew Cato was battling Thresh. I could have sworn I heard a rough voice growling, " No !" before their battle ensued, but that could be my bad ear playing tricks on me. Grasping the backpack marked with the bold stitching of '12', I ran. I ran even though the exertion was daring to rip away the work the medicine Haymitch had sent me on my leg. A canon exploded into the sky, and I could only assume it was Thresh. There was no way Cato was going to go down that easily. My body defied my orders and peeked over my shoulder. Sure enough, Thresh's body was limp on the ground, and the lush grass was stained with new spilt blood. I disappeared into the forest, my heart beating rapidly. That's when the noise that sent my chest caving in on itself rang through the air. Another canon. Who? I knew who, although my mind and body refused to believe it. "Peeta!" I didn't realize that the scream had emitted from my lungs, and I was so dangerously close to the cave. The usually mid way trek to the to the cave felt lik hours. My rational side tried to reason that it could have been FoxFace blowing herself up, or Cato's wounds got the better of him. There was no potential possibility that it was Peeta. I had secured the cave, unless his fever got the better of him? He was sick, the infection could have finally ceased the beating of his heart, a million things could have happened in the short time that I was away. Then I remembered that there was a person missing from the field. Clove! The focus on acquiring his medicine made me forget there was someone missing from the fields around the Cornucopia. My body thrummed with anxiety and adrenaline simultaneously pushing me towards the cave, when it was ten yards away from me I could spot through the trees that the opening was torn open, the bushes and brush trampled on. No! I already had my bow and arrow equipped, and when I entered the cave my heart stopped. A thin knife stuck out from the left side of Peeta's chest. His eyes open, the blue eyes that transpired so many emotions within me, and now they were dead. The sight made my body numb and my ear throb. Clove had a disgusting, sweet smile on her face. "Oh, sorry I had to kill your loverboy, " her voice dripped like acid, making my stomach lurch. "And now it's your turn!" she screeched, and before she could come near me my arrow pierced her throwing arm, causing her to scream. "How dare you!" I screamed, she hit his heart because that's how sick she was. He was in love with me, we were the star crossed lovers from District Twelve and nobody would understand the true meaning of what Peeta and I felt. Piercing his heart would only result in the piercing of my own. The hatred and pain I felt for this girl swallowed me, and like everyone else, the Games urged me to do something I never would of done before. I made her suffer. Bow notched, she assumed I was aiming for her head, but that would be too quick. The Career attempted to distance herself, her arm dripping blood from the bow latched through her arm. I almost debated against it, but Peeta's body that lay limp behind her reminded me that she was nothing better than dirt. She ruined the small hope I had, and my arrow flew effortlessly through the air and struck it's destination with ease through her throat. The look of shock on her face was repulsive, eyes bulging and her hands attempted to move the metal that was lodged in her airways. She couldn't speak or scream, and the blood began to fill her lungs. Choking. Clove from District Two was choking on her own blood, and I couldn't remove my eyes. It filled her mouth and leaked out of the entrance of the arrow, it was staining her cheeks, clothes, and the noises she made would make anyone return their meal to the ground, but I merely watched. Grey eyes that were supposed to represent fire had extinguished to hate. Her struggle continued, and her eyes pleaded for a quick ending, but I stayed motionless. The slightest hint of regret filtered through her eyes, and tears slid down her cheeks. Then she gave up, and fell to the ground, her body convulsed once, twice, then the canon rung through the air. It was then that tears surfaced, blurring my own vision. I moved past Clove into the back of the cave where Peeta's body was still warm from his fever. "Peeta," my voice was acting on it's own, and I fell to my knees beside his body. "Peeta, please wake up," I whispered, then I rested my head on his chest. The familiar heart beat that had been so stable, something I had come to love was gone. Nothing, no breathing, no heart beat, no more smiles, no more kisses, no more nothing. I knew all of Panem was