Author's Note: I had a dream in which Harry was being abused by the Dursleys but was rescued by a Muggleborn witch that was working as a social worker. The dream stuck with me, so I decided to write a fic based on this premise. Story Summary: A young Muggleborn witch named Cornelia Killian, who is working as a social worker in Surrey, gets a phone call from Mrs. Figg about Harry Potter being abused by his relatives. Lia goes to investigate, and upon finding out that the report is true, removes Harry and starts the process of bringing the Dursleys up on charges of child abuse and seeing to it that Harry ends up in a stable and loving home. This ends up changing the plans that Professor Dumbledore has set up, and Harry ends up on his own path to reach his destiny. Disclaimer for entire fic: I do not own Harry Potter. It is the property of the fantastic author J. K. Rowling. Cornelia Martha Killian, or Lia as she was more commonly known, sat at her desk going over some paperwork. She had dark blonde hair, normally done up in a knot at her neck, and jade green eyes. She was a social worker, and had been working at this job for the past six months, but unknown to her co-workers she was also a witch and could do magic. Normally those with magical abilities, even ones that were Muggleborn like her, got wizarding jobs, but she had chosen otherwise. Lia had come from a very religious family, though her mother's family had been more open-minded and accepting than her father's. However, both her parents were strict and narrow-minded, insisting on their life fitting their views and denouncing anything that they saw was against their religion. They had named her Cornelia after her father's mother, but had given her a Biblical name for her middle name, after one of the women that had been a follower of Jesus Christ. When Professor McGonagall, the Deputy Headmistress of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and Head of Gryffindor House, had shown up to give Lia her acceptance letter and explain things, the Killians had been horrified. While they didn't actually go so far as to want 'thou shalt not suffer a witch to live', they had a similar mindset. No matter how much Professor McGonagall tried to explain that magic wasn't evil witchcraft, and even explained that her own father had been a Presbyterian minister and had accepted his wife and children having magic, the Killians refused to listen. Lia, on the other hand, didn't have a problem with being a witch, and tried to tell her parents that her magical abilities were a gift from God, pointing that the miracles that Jesus and the prophets had done could be seen as magic. When it became clear that she was determined to go to Hogwarts, and any threats to 'beat the evilness and witchcraft' out of her and have their vicar perform an exorcism just got Professor McGonagall protective of her, Mr. and Mrs. Killian disowned Lia. Lia's maternal grandparents dropped by for a visit in the middle of all this, and once the situation had been explained to them, they sided with their granddaughter. They pointed out that the Bible verse's true translation was 'Thou shalt not suffer a poisoner to live', and ended up taking in Lia when their daughter and son-in-law refused to see reason and were adamant in disowning her. Lia had attended Hogwarts, and was Sorted into Gryffindor, with her grandparents' blessing and approval. In her third year, she started tutoring a first-year Gryffindor named William Weasley, Bill for short, in Potions. By the end of the school year, he no longer needed help in Potions, but the two had become very good friends. When Lia's grandparents had died at the end of that summer, Bill had helped her recover from her grief, as he had two uncles who had died in the war when he was seven. That led to him inviting her to his home, the Burrow, for the Christmas holidays, and being de facto adopted by the Weasley family. (Though she had other friends that were willing to let her live with them too.) When it came time for her Career Advice session in fifth-year, Lia realized that she didn't really want to have a wizarding career, other than perhaps as a teacher at Hogwarts. What she really wanted was to have a job where she could work with children and help them, and other than a teacher or a Healer or Mediwitch specializing in healing children, there wasn't any in the wizarding world. Since none of the Hogwarts teachers were planning on retiring within a couple of years after Lia graduating and there appeared to be a curse on the Defense position, and the fact that she didn't want to be a Healer or Mediwitch, that left getting certification so she could get a job in the Muggle world. Being a social worker came to mind, and she could keep an eye out for other Muggleborn children and help if they ended up with non-accepting parents like hers had been. Professor McGonagall accepted her reasoning, and had helped her with achieving her goal, which included drawing up a transcript with her magical subjects and grades translated to Muggle ones. Lia had also gotten tutoring over the summer in Muggle subjects (thanks to the money her grandparents had left her), and sat for her A-levels so she could attend university in order to get her certification in social work. With some help via magic, she had been able to take the necessary coursework and graduate with the certification within two years, and then get a job at a social services office in Surrey. When Lia wasn't at work, she would visit Muggleborn children that were due to turn eleven within the next two or three years (thanks to a list that Professor McGonagall provided) and explain things. So far none of them had parents that reacted negatively to the reveal that their child was a witch or wizard, though a couple (like the Grangers), had been a bit wary at first. The phone on Lia's desk rang and she answered it. "Hello, Surrey County Council, Children's Services Department, this is Lia Killian speaking. How may I help you?" "Hello, I'm Arabella Figg," said the woman on the other line. "I'm calling about some concerns I have with a boy living two streets over from me. I occasionally baby-sit him whenever his relatives are out, and from what I've seen of him, he's at least being neglected, if not outright abused. I've spoken with another person about my concerns before. He's said that I'm probably mistaken, but he assures me that he's going to look into the matter, however, I haven't seen any change in things." Mrs. Figg proceeded to explain about the Dursley family, and how the parents' treatment of their son, Dudley, differed greatly from their nephew, Harry. Apparently Dudley was quite spoiled, and allowed to get away with anything, which included bullying his cousin. Harry also looked quite skinny, maybe even starved, though that could have been because he was forced to wear his cousin's (rather large) hand-me-downs. At the very least, he certainly didn't get as much to eat as Dudley, especially as he always devoured the food Mrs. Figg gave him when she baby-sat him. "Have you noticed anything else, Mrs. Figg?" Lia asked, taking notes on all this. "I have seen bruises sometimes on Harry," the other woman answered. "But that could just be from his cousin bullying him. Not that it's any better than his aunt and uncle hitting him." "I agree," said Lia, making another note. "At the very least it shows that they're not doing anything to stop their son from bullying him. So let's see, Dudley's being spoiled and allowed to get away with pretty much anything, while Harry's at the very least being bullied by his cousin, forced to wear his cousin's overly large hand-me-downs, and not given as much to eat. Anything else?" "I have seen Harry doing gardening work and taking out the trash. I assume that's chores he's been assigned to. It isn't that bad, except I think he's been forced to do them since he was six or seven, and his cousin doesn't seem to have any chores at all. I mentioned this to some of the neighbors, but I don't think any of them took me seriously, since they see me as the batty old cat lady, because I happen to like cats and have several of them. I spoke with Mrs. Dursley about it the last time I had to baby-sit Harry, but she brushed it off and I have a feeling I just made things worse for him. " "Oh dear," Lia murmured, writing down more notes. "Don't worry, Mrs. Figg, we are definitely going to look into it. Could I please get the address? And is the last name for Harry also Dursley?" "No, it's Potter," replied Mrs. Figg. "And the address is Four Privet Drive, Little Whinging." "Wait, Harry Potter ?" demanded Lia, dropping her pen in shock. "What does he look like?" "He's got black hair, it usually looks untidy, green eyes, and wears glasses. Oh, and he's got a scar on his forehead, shaped like a lightning-bolt. Why do you ask?" Lia thought quickly and responded, "I was a guest speaker at an assembly the primary school in Little Whinging had a few days ago. I think one of the teachers mentioned this Harry Potter to me." "Oh, I see," said Mrs. Figg. "Anyway, thank you for listening to me, Ms. Killian, and I hope you look into the matter with Harry as soon as possible. Good-bye." "Good-bye," said Lia, and hung up. Of all the phone calls she had ever gotten about possible abused children, having one be about Harry Potter, famous in the wizarding world for defeating the Dark Lord Voldemort as a baby, to the point of being known as the 'Boy-Who-Lived', was unexpected. She had heard from the Weasleys that Harry had supposedly been sent to stay with Muggle relatives on his mother's side after his parents' death in the same attack from Voldemort, but had no idea that they were living in Surrey or that they would be horrible to him. Yet here they were, borderline abusive (at the very least) to their nephew, while spoiling their son at the same time. Well, this was one case that Lia was definitely going to take, with no question of passing it on to any of her fellow social workers. If, or perhaps when, Harry needed to be removed from his relatives, she could see to it that he was placed properly. She would take him in herself, except her superiors might object to it, and she did have to work. Maybe she could see if her surrogate parents could take him in. They were certainly very loving, she could help out with his upkeep, and no doubt his parents had left him a Gringotts account to pay for his school supplies. Also, Ron was only a few months older than Harry and would make a good friend, and the rest of the Weasley siblings were also friendly and nice. Lia carefully organized her notes into a proper file labeled 'HARRY POTTER', and then glanced at the clock. It was shortly after two o'clock, and since it was Saturday, the Dursleys would likely be home. After consulting a map so that she could find the route and notifying her co-workers that she was going out a case, she put on her coat and hat and set out for the Dursley home. Harry Potter, aged nine, was outside shoveling the driveway, for it had snowed that morning, leaving the driveway covered in a few inches of snow.