Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. It belongs to the wonderful author J.K. Rowling. Summary: A sort of prequel to my fic A Different Future . After Severus Snape's friendship with Lily ends, Nikolas Petrov becomes worried for his housemate and has him spend the summer at the Petrov home. This is what occured during that summer. The beginning is in third person, but after that, it will switch to the first person from Snape's point of view. This fic is dedicated to reviewer Elspeth25, who wanted to know exactly what occured during the summer Snape spent with the Petrovs that the grandparents briefly explained to Harry/Alex and his adopted twin sister Beth in Chapter 9 of A Different Future . Thank you for inspiring me to write this. Nikolas Petrov looked on in great concern as Severus Snape stalked off, feeling rather alarmed over what his younger housemate was going through. Severus's mother had died earlier in the year, and now to top it off, his friendship with Gryffindor Lily Evans had just ended. All that Niko could get out of him regarding it was that he had said or done something so awful that Lily refused to forgive him despite repeated apologies. The fact that the Marauders, a group of four Gryffindors that had a strong penchant for mischief, were constantly bullying Severus didn't help matters, even if he did always did his best to defend himself. Well, Remus Lupin didn't take part in the bullying, but James Potter and Sirius Black most certainly did. Peter Pettigrew didn't really take part, either, but he had no problem with egging his friends on. Niko sighed, wondering if there was anything he could do to help his housemate. Well, at least the school year was almost over and Severus would be able to get away from the Marauders for the summer. However, that thought presented another problem of great concern. Severus had told Niko a few years ago that his father was a Muggle, but hadn't said anything more about the father. Unfortunately, if someone didn't talk about another person, it was usually because they didn't like him or her or he or she had done something that caused them to stop acknowledging the person. That told Niko that Severus didn't get along with his father, and it was entirely possible that neglect or abuse was going on. With that worrying thought, Niko sought out his twin sister Anastasia and her best friend Sarah Horowitz, who also happened to be his girlfriend. "I don't know what you can do about it," said Ana. "After all, this is our last year at Hogwarts and we're graduating in a week's time." Sarah nodded. "And we're getting married in August, Niko, and Ana's getting married to Stephan once she completes her Potions mastery and he completes his Defense Mastery." "Couldn't you talk to Lily and ask her to forgive Severus?" asked Niko. "She's in the same house as you." Ana sighed. "I already did, and Lily wouldn't listen. She said that after what he said yesterday, and the fact that he's been hanging around with Slytherins that are completely awful to Muggleborns for the past year, she can't be his friend anymore. She can be very stubborn about things, so I gave up trying to convince her." "Well, I can't just let Severus go home in this state!" cried Niko. "His mother's dead, he just lost his best friend, and that Potter and Black keep bullying him! I caught them hanging him upside down and threatening to remove his pants yesterday! They probably would have if I hadn't put a stop to it. I doubt his father is going to be any help, since Severus never talks about him except for the one time when he told me that his mother was married to a Muggle." Sarah's lips tightened, understanding what Niko meant. She rarely talked about her parents ever since they had disowned for being a witch and insisting on going to Hogwarts. No doubt Snape's father was also the sort that hated magic, though it probably hadn't started right away, since he had married a witch, after all. "Well, then don't let Severus go home!" exclaimed Ana. "Just-" "But he can't just stay at Hogwarts for the summer!" protested Niko. "You need permission from Professor Dumbledore, and Severus isn't about to explain why he wants to stay." "If you hadn't interrupted me, Nikolas, I was going to say that Severus should go to our house. Our parents won't mind, and I'm sure that they can help him. If he's not sure about it, just add that Mother would likely take him on as an apprentice, since he's brilliant at Potions and you need to apprentice with a Potions master in order to achieve a Potions Mastery." "Oh," said Niko. "I'll go invite him, as soon as you call Mother via the two-way mirror and ask for permission, Ana." Ana took the mirror out of her pocket, tapped it with her wand, and said clearly, "Ilsa Petrov." A minute later, the face of Ilsa Petrov appeared in the mirror. "Oh, hello Ana," said Mrs. Petrov. "How was your Potions N.E.W.T. yesterday? Did you do well?" "Of course I did well," said Ana with a slight laugh. "You've taught me everything you know about the subject, Mother, and there's always at least one person in each generation of the Petrov and Ivanov families that is brilliant enough at Potions to achieve Mastery in it. Anyway, Niko and I have something to ask you." "What is it?" asked Mrs. Petrov. "Could we have one of my housemates spend the entire summer with us?" asked Niko, taking the mirror from his sister. "His name is Severus Snape, he's in fifth year, and things aren't going well for him at the moment. His mother died earlier this year, his best friend, who's in Gryffindor, just ended the friendship over something he'd accidentally said, the Marauders like to bully him, and I don't think his relationship with his father is a good one. Severus never talks about his father, except for the one time about his being a Muggle." "Oh dear. That's not good at all. At best, Severus will be neglected, and at worst he could be verbally and perhaps physically abused. And with his mother gone, he won't have anyone to properly look after him at his home. Well, he's definitely not going to go back there, if I have anything to say about it. You have my permission to invite him to spend the holidays with us." "Would you mind having him as your apprentice for the summer also, Mother?" continued Niko. "Severus is really brilliant at Potions and could achieve a Mastery in it if he wants, so long as he fulfills all the requirements. He probably won't be as hesitant to spend the summer with us if he's also going to be your apprentice." "Of course I'll be happy to take him as my apprentice," responded Mrs. Petrov. "He will be a great help at the apothecary. Not that you aren't a great help, either, Ana, but I can always use some extra help during the summer. Summer and winter are always my busiest times." "Thanks, Mother!" exclaimed Niko. "I'll talk to you later." He handed the mirror back to Ana and then ran off to find Severus. I was holed up in my dorm room, wishing that my life was over. Lily Evans, my best friend and the girl I loved, had ended our friendship. Despite my repeated apologies, she refused to forgive me, and now I felt that life wasn't worth living. With my mother gone, there was nobody at home to comfort me, and I didn't have any real friends besides Lily, unless you counted Nikolas Petrov. Niko was always nice to me, and understood what it was like to be bullied, since not all the Slytherins liked the fact that he was Romany , or a Gypsy, not to mention the fact that Gypsies had faced prejudice from Muggles and wizards alike for centuries. Unlike me, however, he had a loving family, including a twin sister, was enaged to a wonderful girl that was his twin's best friend, and still had his best friend, a Ravenclaw named Stephan Romanov. Unfortunately, Niko was graduating at the end of the school year, which was in a week's time, and with Lily ending our friendship, there was nobody that would be willing to stand up for me against the Marauders. Not that I couldn't hold my own and fight back against Potter and Black, but they always ganged up against me, so I didn't have much of a chance. A knock on the door startled me. I looked up to see it slowly open to Niko. "Severus, do you mind if I have a word with you?" I hesitated for a moment, then nodded. "I guess, Niko." Niko sat down next to me and said, "The school year is going to end in a week. I don't think you really want to go home, what with your mother gone, so I was wondering if you wanted to spend the summer at my house. You could go straight to us and wouldn't have to step foot in your home at all." "I have a father," I pointed out rather rudely, even though I hated Tobias and was rather scared of him since he liked hitting me whenever he was drunk, which was often. "But you never talk about him, which leads me to believe that you don't get along with him," Niko pointed out. "Look, will you please just spend the holidays with my family? My mother is a Potions Mistress and owns an apothecary, and she said that she was willing to take you as her apprentice for the summer. One of the requirements of getting a Mastery in Potions is becoming the apprentice of Potions Master or Mistress for at least four months. So you can apprentice with her for this summer and the next one." The offer was very tempting, as I wouldn't have to face my father at all, and I could fulfill one of the requirements necessary to achieve a Potions Mastery, which was something I had seriously considered getting, along with a Defense Mastery. I also had the feeling that Niko wouldn't take no for an answer, so in the end I accepted his offer. I sent a letter to Tobias notifying him about the apprenticeship, so he wouldn't wonder where I was when I didn't return for the summer. I wasn't surprised to not receive a reply, since I doubted that he would really care about me or what I was doing so long as it didn't inconvenience him in any way. A week later, the school year ended and I was on the Hogwarts Express, sitting in a compartment with Niko, his twin Ana, his girlfriend Sarah, and his best friend Stephan Romanov. Ana, who had inherited her mother's ability in Potions, spent a great deal of time talking with me on the subject. Stephan, who was working on his Defense Mastery, also spoke to me on the subject of Defense. Sarah told me that her biological parents, who were Jewish, hated magic, and had thrown a fit when she'd gotten her Hogwarts letter. When she had insisted that her magical abilities were a gift from God and that she was going to Hogwarts, they had disowned her. After becoming best friends with Ana in their first year, Sarah had essentially been adopted by the Petrovs and spent all her holidays with them, though she still clung to the Jewish faith. Now that she was engaged to Niko, she would soon be one of the family in truth. I couldn't help wishing that Tobias had disowned me after I'd gotten my Hogwarts letter. He didn't care two knuts, or tuppence as Muggles would