The End of the Mockingjay This story picks up at the start of chapter 27 of Mockingjay, immediately after Katniss kills President Coin instead of President Snow. This is an alternative sequence of events that could have occurred, resulting in a very different ending to the story. A stunned silence fell over the crowd. People stare with mouths gaped, in disbelief and shock at what has just happened. At what I had just done. At what their Mockingjay had just done. Rapidly, I become consumed by the idea that I, the symbol of the rebellion has just murdered its leader in front of a crowd of thousands in the square, and the whole of Panem through the screens. I collapse to my knees, my bow clattering the ground beside me. All the while President Snow watches me, laughing, knowing that with his the final breaths of life he was still able to defeat me, to publicly destroy the Mockingjay. For what seemed like hours I sat there, unable to move, unable to breath. Eventually, without breaking the never ending silence, a pair of rebel guards lift me by my shoulders. Without any attempt at resisting I let them drag me back into Snow's palace. Behind me I hear a single gunshot, resonating around the square, filling the silent void. I know they have accomplished what I could not, and that now Snow must surely be dead. However this act is not met with cheers from the crowd, as it would be expected. Instead the crowd still look on in silence, a few cry, others shake their heads in what must surely be deep disappointment, but none dare to make a sound. How I wish for the silence to end, for even the noise of jeers and threats to drown out my own thoughts. But none come. Finally, as I'm dragged inside the palace I finally succumb to the darkness, and collapsed into the guard's hands. For perhaps the first time in months, maybe even years my dreams are not plagued with nightmares. In fact as far as I could recall I dreamt of nothing, of blackness, and of silence. All I can remember of my dream is the deafening silence of a people that had just witnessed their idol betray them. This single sound, or lack of it, was worse than any nightmare. The silence gave me time to think, time to remember all the people I had killed, all the people I had let down. It was becoming a very, very long list. It was some time before I woke, and I became immediately aware of surrounding. I was not in a prison or interrogation room as I had anticipated, instead I was back in my old room in the training centre. But unlike when I had last been here, there were no silken sheets lining the bed, no lavish decorations on the walls. Instead it appeared as if the room had not been used for many months, with a thin coating of dust covering every surface, and the bed laying bare. It was at this point of observing the bed that I became aware of the stickiness of the mattress. My mind was still foggy, however I instantly knew what was causing it. Blood. My blood. And not just the amount coming from a small cut, no, my blood stained the whole bed, even still dripping onto the floor, where it created a small, still wet puddle. It doesn't take my long to find the source. My left leg is crudely bandaged around the calf. As I am unaware of the origin of my injury, I can only assume it was sustained after I passed out at the hands of Coin's guards. I also realise it must have some time ago the injury was sustained, as instead of the sharp pain such a wound should cause, instead I only felt a duller ache. Still painful, but bearable even without morphling. I lie there in my blood stained bed for what must be hours, trying to figure out my mind. Although the idea that Snow was merely manipulating me to kill Coin for his own final pleasure haunts me, I quickly dismiss the thought. Not only because I happen to believe Snow was telling the truth about Coin, but also because I quickly realise that I could never justify my actions to anyone else, never convince them that Coin was trying to attain power for herself and not secure the freedom of the people of Panem – she was the leader of the rebellion after all. But can I truly stand by my decision? I was only doing what I thought was right for the people. But after seeing the expressions of horror on every single one of the thousands that came to the execution, I can no longer be sure what I did was right. To save myself from this internal torment, and because the hunger of not eating for what must have now been days has become overwhelming, I decide to get out of bed. At first the pain of putting weight on my injured leg is excruciating. But I remind myself I have survived worst, so grit my teeth, and with a mixture of limping and hopping can slowly move around the room. My Mockingjay clothes are in a pile in one corner, stained with the blood from my injury. I decide to leave them where they lie, preferring nakedness to guilt and confusion that is now associated with those clothes. I first limp my way over to the door. Locked. Of course it is. I may be imprisoned in a comfy room, but I am a prisoner nonetheless. My next stop is the opening in the wall from which I used to be able to order food. I half-heartedly order a meal of lamb stew, not expecting the machine to work any longer. However thee machine begins to whirr at my commands, filling me with hope. Within seconds food is dispensed; an almost empty bowl of porridge and a slice of stale bread. Whilst not what I ordered, I devour the food, a desperate and unsuccessful attempt to sate my hunger. Unsatisfied, I leave the machine behind and head towards the bathroom. Whilst the shower no longer functions, water is still available from the sink. Slowly I begin to wash my body, cleansing myself of blood. I also delicately remove the bandages from the leg and, holding back vomit all the while, tenderly clean the wound. I decide a ripped off section of curtain will suffice as a new bandage for now, and return back into the bedroom, feeling marginally better after my small meal and wash. The next step is to determine what I should do next. It has become clear I am unable to leave this room, the door being locked and the windows being far too high off the ground to even consider jumping. I must also decide how I am going to deal with the rebels when they come for me. They clearly cannot want me dead, or at least not yet, else they would have executed me already. But how I am going to face them pales in comparison to how I am going to be able to face my mother, Haymitch, Peeta… "Peeta!" I whisper. How could I forget about him? Tears begin to well up once more, as I realise that just as I was beginning to see signs of the old Peeta come back to me, I go and get myself imprisoned. The dread and longing of my time spent in district 13 begins to return to me, and I'm overwhelmed by the idea that after being so very close to having Peeta back, I now may never be able to see him again. The thought is all consuming, and I slump against the foot of my bed, once again unable to move, despair and grief my only company. It was some time later that a knock on my door woke me from my sorrow. Realising I was still naked, I hastily grabbed a towel from the bathroom, just as the door swung open. "Haymitch!" I exclaim, and I rush forwards with arms wide, suddenly filled with happiness at seeing a friendly face. But as I near him I realise something is wrong. He is not smiling to see me, or returning my friendly hug. It takes me a moment to read his expression, but then I realise. Disappointment. From the crowds of Panem who have never known me I can understand, maybe even one day be able to overcome. But from Haymitch? He of all people should understand what I did was right, that it can only have been for the benefit of everyone. However suddenly I'm struck by the thought that maybe he still believe I am consumed only by a desire to save myself, that I'm still the scared little girl that wants to run away to woods with Gale, leaving behind everyone I love. It has been many months since I truly trusted Haymitch, not since the Quarter Quell, when he left Peeta behind in the arena for the Capitol, but something inside of me has finally snapped. I drop my arms to my side, and instead of a smile, I return Haymitch's angered stare. Where just moments ago I was filled with despair at the thought of losing Peeta, I am now filled only with anger at Haymitch's betrayal. "Come" Haymitch says, his voice filled with the same disappointment as his face. Without another word he leaves the room. Still wearing only my towel I follow, though am closely watched by a number of heavily armed rebels, making any attempt of escape impossible. Finally we arrive at our destination, a grand office near the base of the training centre. Still without speaking Haymitch opens the door, motioning for me to enter. I refuse to look at him as I pass, though can feel his stare, drilling into my skull. Upon entering I'm confronted by Plutarch, who is sitting behind a grand. The room is bare, and surprisingly no guards are present. Unlike Haymitch, Plutarch appears far more welcoming to me, at least on the outside. "Katniss!" He exclaims, a broad, seemingly genuine smile spreading across his face. "Please." He motions towards one of the chairs across from him, and still limping from my injury, I gratefully accept the chance to sit. After a moment Haymitch takes the seat beside me, whilst the guards remain outside. I still refuse to look at Haymitch, and instead focus upon Plutarch, wondering why out of everyone in the Capitol I was brought to him. As if reading my mind, Plutarch says "So Katniss you must be wondering why you are here?" I refuse to acknowledge that I had been, still wary of my situation, but make no attempt to interrupt him. "Well as you can imagine you've cause a lot of trouble over the last few days. The sudden loss of the Mockingjay was a setback to say the least. Not to mention the public outcry and the death of former President Coin." I cannot help myself. "I only did what I thought was right. Coin was just going to replace Snow, and nothing would have changed. She even came to the victors asking about setting up another Hunger Games!" As I say these words I'm reminded that I in fact voted yes for these games, for Prim. Oh god Prim…she's gone…she's… 'No!' I scream at myself, I must hold it together for now. Prim can be mourned later, for now I must survive. Plutarch comes to my rescue, ending my eternal struggle and refocusing me by saying "I know." "What?" I exclaim, suddenly very surprised. How could Plutarch know about the games, only victors were present at the meeting? Maybe someone had told him but…but who? He continues "I know about the games, I know