This idea was something that abruptly hit me out of nowhere and I felt that I just had to continue down that train of thought. Disclaimer: There are only two certainties in this world: The continuity of Life and the inevitability of Death. Everything in between is merely an illusion we created for ourselves. I do not own Harry Potter. The door of the fridge opened with nary a squeak and light filtered down upon the scrawny body of the trembling ten-year-old. In the dark of the night, the usually dim luminescence of the fridge glowed like a miniature sun and Harry almost lost his accumulated courage when the light hit his bright green irises. But led by the incipient hunger roaring with rage in his stomach, Harry dared a hand into the lower rack where most of the leftovers were stored and with a swift sleight of the fingers that belied his tingling nerves, he gathered a couple of loafs of bread before rushing to close the door. The door hit the surface with a thud, which echoed in the terrifying silence of the kitchen and his heart pounded in his chest as he waited for the inevitable noise of his uncle shouting in a fit of fury. The silence prevailed. Clutching the bread in his hands, he gulped down the heart that stuck in his throat and with a smile that could rival the radiance of the full moon outside, Harry ran to his supposedly locked cupboard without triggering a creak in the wooden floor. It was commendable that a mere child, no matter how slim, could glide through the air at such speeds but sadly, there was no loving family to cheer for his achievements with a smile. Mindful of his previous folly, he gently closed the door to his cupboard and collapsed down on his rickety bed, with the blood rushing through his veins. To the hungry kid, the bread lying on his bed seemed like a pirate's chest of gold and without wasting a moment, he ravaged the food like a boy starved for weeks; which actually was true. His mind conjured scenarios of Dudley leaping out of a corner to snatch the food out his hands or his aunt smacking him on the head before pushing him onto a ton of chores and with renewed vigor, he ate the whole loaf in a matter of seconds. Once his hunger was partly satiated, the possible ramifications of his actions reached his mind and the dread that left him a few moments ago, rushed back with vengeance. Holding his head in his quivering hands, he palmed his face before sighing. All the probable scenarios zoomed through his mind and with each passing thought, his body trembled harder. But as the seconds flew, exhaustion crept upon his senses, partly due to his anxiety and largely due to his exploits, and after praying to the deities he didn't believe in, he slumped down on the mattress. The last thing he thought about was the feeling of excitement that coursed through his veins as he stole. Ignoring the betraying stray thought, he gave in to his fatigue. The annoying noise of knuckles rapping on the door hit his ears and with a tired shake of his head, he got out of his bed. He stretched his body while making sure not to hit the walls and walked out of the door before wincing as the light hit his eyes. The usual clamor in the hall reached his ears, with his aunt shouting orders at him all the way from the kitchen, while his Uncle dutifully added his own grumpy remarks as he read the newspaper. The events of the previous night did not reach his mind until he was staring at the bacon he was frying in the pan. He steadied himself so as to avoid falling down his makeshift stool as he jerked in shock. Oh, god. He was going to die a slow, painful death. For the entire time the Dursley family was feasting, he was struggling not to lose the grip on his meager reserves of courage and come out clean to his aunt or uncle. As he nibbled on the crumbs of bacon bestowed upon him, Dudley looked at him suspiciously before going to back to chugging down the orange juice. That was the only precarious situation he had found himself in for the whole morning. He escaped Scot-free. During his entire stay at school, Harry was on cloud nine. Dudley, who noticed the strange behavior of his cousin planned an ambush with the help of his moronic group of miscreants and the result of which was why Harry was hurriedly dashing down the stairs. It was only through years of practice that Harry was able to outrun an entire gang who were hell-bent on beating him up and he ducked through another corridor to reach the area where the senior students usually reside. He could see a few older boys smoking in an usually desolate corner and he was about to avoid that particular area when he heard one of the teachers shout. "Hey! What are you doing there?" Harry cringed in fear and readied himself for another unavoidable detention. It so happened that the teacher was all in for ignoring him to chase the older students, who ran when they heard the shout. His gaze fell upon a pack of cards cluttered on the floor, courtesy of the seniors. After making sure that no one was around, he piled the cards into a neat stack. After living his whole ten years of life with a distinct lack of any toy to play, it was only natural that Harry was fascinated by mere playing cards. It helped that they were of high quality; probably the property of some spoiled brat like Dudley. After the incident that occurred the previous night, his moral values were a bit skewed and his self-reasoning for stealing them solidified his resolve to keep them for himself. He had seen many of the magicians on TV (while sweeping the floor or cooking in the kitchen) employ a set of cards for most of their tricks called...misdirection or something...and they cut huge watermelons or make the cards disappear from sight with merely a flick of the wrist. Not a few times, Harry was captivated by their simple maneuvers which resulted in unbelievable acts of shattering the reality itself and there were times when he hoped that his supposed freakish nature could do such things. His hopes were in vain, though. But staring at the deck of shimmering cards in his small hand, he felt a fire ignite in his heart and it grew, engulfing his entire thought process with single-minded determination. He grinned before drawing a random card from the deck. A Joker. The Cheshire grin on the clown's face matched Harry's own and he returned the card to its plastic family. The pledge. He would be unarguably lying and not a little exaggerating if he told that the art of misdirection came naturally to him. It took him a whole day to just learn how to shuffle the deck without making the cards land on the floor in an undignified heap. Even after that, he succeeded only once before plunging down to step one once again. It seemed that it was not as easy as the performers on the TV make it be. His thin, nimble fingers were a huge advantage while holding or drawing a card but his small hands nullified the control he had to cold hell. Not that it discouraged him but he couldn't say that it didn't frustrate him to no end. Not just once, he felt the urge to throw the cards into a bin but that was only until he realized that these were the only possession he ever had. Another reason would be that these cards gave him a purpose. Gone were the days when he would sulk in his cupboard until the night only to wake up in the morning to live the same mundane routine once again. His time during the breaks at school was not spent on biting the nails or staring at the other kids with a heavy ache in his chest. His proficiency at misdirection flowed into his stealing skills and every night, he would enter the enemy territory a.k.a Dursley kitchen and emulate the James Bond character he had seen on TV, ducking and crawling under the table or the sofa, like a spy, before stealing the leftovers with a quick flick of his hand. Extra food went into the secret dungeon a.k.a hole in the floor and he would practice his skills while lazily munching on the extra food. Insufferable bastards a.k.a spoiled brats had their property stolen in a blink of an eye and teachers were pulling out their hair out of frustration as the complaints piled up. No one ever had the reason to be suspicious of the timid, underfed, probably autistic, green eyed boy sitting in a corner of the classroom. Occasionally, Harry had the desire to show off his prowess to gain one or two friends but then he would have to reveal all of his well-hidden secrets and if there was one thing he surmised from observing a number of magicians, then it was that any magician worth his salt should never reveal his secrets. It was easier said than done, but then, just the thought of falling back into his old routine of physical and mental abuse frightened him enormously and it was not something he was looking forward to. So, as he had unerringly done for years, he ruthlessly quashed the urge for any sort of companionship. Not all of his skill was accumulated from his own ideas and experiments. The school library had a very good, albeit a limited collection of books and articles on the art of misdirection. Considering the little time he had to practice this art due to his chores and school work, it was more than sufficient for now. Patience and extreme control over one's emotions was one of many qualities required for a person to master these deceivingly simple techniques but Harry Potter was anything but a slacker. He studied rigorously under the watchful eye of the librarian and it was convenient that Dudley's gang would never dare to bully him in such a place. Patience was something that one would indubitably develop when they stay in an abusive home where your own relatives do not feed you for days and sometimes you have to wait for an indeterminate amount of time to just go to the bathroom. But control over emotions was something he was not good at and the accidents that randomly happened around him when he's pushed to the edge was a testament to this widely known fact. Meditation made him want to jump over the ledge; with frequent headaches, especially in the vicinity of his lightening bolt shaped scar and the feeling that something was crawling along the surface of his mind, it was no wonder that he hated meditation with a passion. The books said that he would get used to it after a few days but it seemed that his mind had its own mind. Seriously. But he found out that pain was an excellent driving factor and a great motivator. Instead of the standard position of sitting cross-legged on the floor, he inverted himself, with his body parallel to the adjacent wall and as all the blood rushed into his head, he concentrated on the agony he experienced as his scar burned. Definitely a great motivator , he agreed, as blood dripped down his scar. His control over his emotions led to a huge decline in the number of accidents around him and if there was someone happier than his relatives, it's himself. Less number of accidents meant less number of punishments and detentions and hence,