Nick Broda's last option Chapter 1 *****Hello readers! Before you go on to read, it' s worth noting that the amazing Poetic Devices has had a huge hand in editing this project and it really wouldn't be what it is today with out them! I could not be more grateful for all the hours that have been poured into this project. I'm busting at the seams with effervescent appreciation!***** For those who have been waiting forever and a day for this project to pick up speed, never fear the end is near! We're hoping to post a new chapter a week starting next week. As always, we love hearing your comments, criticism, and feedback. Read and enjoy! Speaking key: Parseltongue English "Talking" Speaking in the mind " It's not as if we have a plethora of options at this point" Alex pointed out. He picked up the nearly empty bottle of wine and passed it to his nephew. Nicholas glared at the bottle, not bothering to stretch out his rag-covered arm. " You've exhausted all the other options. There is little else to choose from- So stop this infernal moping and pick a school." " Australia…" Nick started, but was cut off when the wine bottle was suddenly being chucked at his head. He managed to dodge the flying object, and not a moment too soon. " Right, need citizenship, forgot. Surely Canada doesn't have the best relationship between Muggles and Magics? There must be schools in Canada that won't require Canadian citizenship." " Yes, there are three options. The school on Salt Spring Island, BC…" " No," Nick huffed. The very thought of attending the hippy-dippy school was enough to offend every fiber of his being. But Alex only snorted, and continued. " Right, well, there is also the school in the Alberta-BC border. I might remind you that it is a 'survival of the fittest' type of school, however." Nick visibly winced at this. " I'll take that as a no, then. That leaves The Healer's school in Toronto, but since you've never once shown an interest in healing I think I can assume that's not an option." Nick remained seated on the threadbare couch he had claimed as his own, staring at his fingers as he drummed them on his knees. " There are schools in Japan that I would qualify for." An empty wine glass whizzed passed Nick, and smashed against the wall of the shack in which the two sat. " Right, I only really speak English and Parseltongue..." " Really only parseltongue, in case you haven't noticed. You sound daft when you speak English." Nick threw his arms up into the air, a cloud of dust billowing up as if to help illustrate his point. " That's what I'm saying Uncle! How the hell do you expect me to learn anything in an all-English school? Last I checked, the only Parseltongue left in Europe is a crazy mass murderer. I doubt he'll be willing to help explain my homework to me. Plus, all the spells will be in Latin. I don't even speak English, but Latin? Latin spells?!" " Sit. Down." Alex wrenched Nick back down onto the weathered couch. " Look, Durmstrang is fairly Dark arts friendly…." " Parseltongue is a language. Not bloody Dark Magic" Nicholas shoved his uncle's hand away. He refused to turn into some curse slingling maniac, just because he was a parseltongue. Nick let his arms rest against the threadbare arm of the couch again. Something squeaked and rustled inside the couch fabric, scampering away from the arm and further towards the center of the sofa. Nick ignored it at first. " The Europeans don't tend to agree. One of Hogwarts' founders was a parseltongue, so there is a chance they will know of underground parseltongue communities that we don't know of, because of the wing-nut 'dark lord.' I really think this is your best option, Nicholas." Nick grabbed his empty wine glass and tossed it at the far wall, just to watch is shatter. " Mend," he commanded. The glass reformed itself in a blink and lay on its side against the rotting floorboards. There wasn't much else in the shack to break at this point. Half the front door was missing (probably an angry werewolf trying to break in or out). The windows had only a sliver or two left of the old panes of glass, held to the frame by sheer force of will, Nick could only guess. " Look, I know you'd rather stay with myself and the others, but that isn't an option anymore. You know that. Once you've been trained a bit more, then obviously you can continue traveling with us, but after last week…" Nick huffed loudly, and the animal in the couch seemed to sense his anger, because the next moment it was exiting the couch and making a break for the door, clamoring around the bits of brick that had fallen from the crumbled remains of the fireplace. For a fraction of a second, Nick thought about running after it to escaping his Uncle's crazy plans. But the thought passed as quickly as it came. Where would he go without the guidance and protection of his Uncle's (albeit strange) coven? " That was an accident. How was I supposed to know what those damned Runes meant?" Nick growled. Alex ran his finger over his immaculately-kept nineteenth century suit cuffs. A brief moment of contemplation played over his face before he schooled his features once more and turned to face his adoptive nephew,stern. " Child, I'm not arguing the point. As the hunt gets more challenging we'll end up facing great risks. You simply don't know enough to survive most of these…. adventures. During the summer you'll join us again to search, but for the most part we need you to focus on your studies..." " I am focused!" " Yes, but in a safe place," Alex continued, throwing a pointed glare at Nick for the interruption. Nick gave a dramatic sigh and flopped back onto the couch. " At this point, your options are Durmstrang or Hogwarts, but one of them will be receiving a letter requesting a transfer by the end of the night, so which is it? Unless, of course, you'd rather rejoin your cousins at your Aunt's house?" Nick seethed at the low blow, grumbling, " Obviously I have no wish to join that bloody psychopath again. How many times did she just leave me and my cousins to either die or figure things out for ourselves? Uncle, I watched my own, bloody cousin die of drugs and the cold in a back alley in Seoul. The only reason I and the other two survived was because that bloody frozen peacock from your coven found us and brought us to Shaman Mao". " True, your Aunt has … unconventional methods of raising the young." Alex agreed calmly. " Unconventional?!" " Calm yourself, going back to your Aunt's wasn't really an option. I was simply trying to make a point. Going to a school in Europe for a year or two isn't the worst thing that could have or has happened to you," Alex pointed out. He pulled a rustic gold watch from his vest pocket, then tisked and tutted disappointedly at what he saw. " Well, I haven't all night. Which will it be? Hogwarts or Drumstead?" " Might as well be Hogwarts, maybe they'll at least have a few books I can understand. Screw me now, English for eight months of the year," he muttered bitterly, "I can barely manage five minutes in English." Nick covered his face with his hands. Alex patted the boy's arm in what was possibly a halfhearted attempt at reassurance, before pulling out some parchment and a quill to write a note to the head of Hogwarts: Professor Dumbledore. ….. "Speak English if you must speak at all," Alex warned as he gripped Nick's arm, and apparated the pair to the front gates of the formidable Hogwarts castle. An old man with a white beard and twinkling blue eyes waited patiently, with hands clasped in front of his waist. "Ah, you must be Mr. Broda" The elderly man smiled gently at Nick, before turning his gaze to Alex. The man didn't exactly sneer,but the greeting towards Alex was clearly not as friendly, "Mr. Legaunt, I presume." "A pleasure, I'm sure," Alex gave a slight bow, then turned to Nick. He said nothing else, only raised a single eyebrow. Nick wanted to say that he'd be fine, that he didn't need the old leech hovering, but he really didn't know that many words in English. Instead, he settled for a haughty sneer. "If you have any problems, do not hesitate to contact me immediately. If you are, in fact, willing to take Mr. Borda in as a student, please contact me so that I may send over his luggage." With a final glare towards Nick and a simple bow to the Headmaster, Alex vanished with an abruptness in a puff of smoke. "Well then, shall we?" the old man motioned with an aged hand towards the imposing castle at the top of the hill. Nick bit back a sigh of frustration as he found he simply didn't know enough English to say more than yes or no. Nick would have rather preferred they flew up the hill, but without a reasonable grasp of the language, the boy found himself awkwardly trailing the old man up to the castle. The castle was about as stunning as any castle Nick had ever seen. It was certainly in overall better condition then the Russian castle Nick had stayed in with his Aunt and Cousins when his parents first died, but it wasn't any more spectacular than most of the Castles owned by family or Coven members whom Alex had visited over the years. The lake was a nice touch though, Nick admitted silently to himself. It made the whole place seem a bit more majestic. Water had that quality. The four towers had a certain presence about them too, now that Nick really took a look at the place. They looked more than just sturdy, they looked almost... welcoming. The castle as a whole, really, had an air of welcoming. Like a well loved family home. The castle wasn't as cold as Nick had expected from a building made of nothing but magic and stone. As the two carried on, Headmaster Dumbledore dutifully explained a variety of the many wonders and mysteries of the castle, most of which Nick hadn't the faintest idea what he was going on about. He was led through a set of wooden double doors, into what looked to be a rather large and intimidating eating hall. Then, he was led to a staircase that moved. Certainly intriguing. Dumbledore chuckled at Nick's obvious surprise. "Quite an impressive bit of magic, isn't it?" Nick merely nodded along, not exactly sure what the word impressive might mean, but he took his best guess. "One must be careful, though. These steps do not always lead where one would hope". Again, Nick nodded, slowly this time. He caught Dumbledore's eye for a moment, and couldn't help but see glint of understanding in the old man's eyes. "Caution," Dumbledore motioned towards the steps, as if to say 'vanish'. "Watch your step." Nick smiled just the slightest bit. The tour continued with far more gestures and simpler words, and Alex quickly found himself starting to pick up the meaning of different phrases. They eventually came to stand in a nearly-empty classroom. A rather small man stood on a pile of books up at the front of the classroom. He grinned, and clapped his hands together with excitement. "Nicholas, this is Professor Flitwick, he teaches charms here at Hogwarts" The headmaster motioned towards the four-foot-nothing half goblin who stood atop a pile of books that looked older