The World Is Ahead Chapter One: Mist and Shadow " Home is behind, the world ahead." The cloak of hunter green brushed the pavestones of Rivendell, the material whispering as Kali took a sharp turn to the left. The six-pointed star that clasped the fabric together shone in the soft light of the sun, reflecting its rays until it gleamed with a golden shine. Despite the sturdy, leather boots that she wore, Kali's steps were noiseless and determined, the sole of the shoes barely touching the ground before being lifted and placed down again. Kali wasn't often late. In fact, she considered herself as one of the only people that ever arrived on time. So, as the sun dropped a little lower in the darkening sky, she knew that she would have to quicken her pace, if she was ever to make it to the congregation on time. As she continued her journey around the prepossessing sights of the Elven conurbation, Kali's hearing picked up the melodious voice of Elrond resonant through the clearing that she approached. "Strangers from distant lands, friends of old. You have been summoned here to answer the threat of Mordor."He began, greeting his guests with a smooth voice, dark eyes briefly flickering the empty chair that Kali was to be occupying, before returning his gaze to the surrounding members of his Council. Kali reached the edge of the glade, the swathe of cloth that she wore skirting the boundaries of the dell, as she straightened her posture in the presence of both Lord Elrond and the familiar figure of the Mirkwood Prince. Elrond turned slightly, facing all the people he had bid upon to attend this gathering. "Middle-earth stands upon the brink of destruction. None can escape it. You will unite or you will fall. Each race is bound to this fate. This one doom." The ominous tone that the Elf adopted was effective in striking the Council with an unpropitious feeling of apprehension and uneasiness. Elrond paused in his dialogue to look at Frodo, keen eyes seeking the band of gold that hung on a chain around his neck. Kali gazed at the hobbit with a curious look, settling her eyes on his shady curls and azure irises that seemed to gleam with both bravery and fear. Kali saw the struggle within him. The possession of strength and courage seemed to run deep, but she could perceive his internal clash of gallantry and self-doubt. Whether that was due to his own insecurity or the influence of the Ring, Kali didn't know. "Bring forth the ring, Frodo." Kali shifted in her spot slightly, foot edging forwards in hope to catch a glimpse of this alleged power in the form of gold. Her father used to tell her stories of war and battles that surrounded this very ring, but never once had he or she seen it. The hobbit stood from his seat, the band heavy in his hand, as he brought it forward to place on the plinth, which was in view from all seats. With look of almost reluctance, Frodo placed it down on the cool stone, before stepping back and gazing at it once more. His cerulean eyes blinked once, almost shaking him out a stupor before he returned to his wooden chair that sat on the outskirts of the Council. "So it is true!" Boromir spoke, his timbre voice cutting through the silence that seemed to have enveloped the entirety of the meeting. Kali looked upon the man, noting his fair, yet dark hair and yearning, grey eyes that were attached to the gold ring. The male had a muscular stature, shoulders broad and wide filling out his armour with strength and brute force. A fine warrior. Kali reflected, before re-directing herself to the Elvish Prince that began to speak. "Sauron's Ring! The ring of power!" Disbelief and a certain sense of trepidation coloured Legolas's words, as his long, champagne hair fluttered slightly in Rivendell's breeze. The Prince's eyes were the shade of steel in midwinter and the slight curvature and point of his ears, only proved to Kali that he was indeed royalty from Mirkwood forest. "The doom of a man!" Gimli, a dwarf that possessed a mahogany plaited beard and long hair, declared. The look on his face was grim, mouth turned down into a frown, as his grip on the axe he held, tightened. Boromir raised himself from the wooden seat in which in sat and raised his hand to lips before speaking. "It is a gift. A gift to the foes of Mordor! Why not use this Ring? Long has my father, the Steward of Gondor, held the forces of Mordor at bay." Kali turned her eyes to him again, to the Son of Denethor, to the man with the hope that the Ring could ever be harnessed. "By the blood of our people are your lands kept safe. Give Gondor the weapon of the enemy, let us use it against him!" Kali felt an odd sense of both sympathy and empathy towards this male, of whom she did not know. He had no idea, no true logic to what would happen to either him or a Man of Gondor if they so happened to put it on. She knew that they would be consumed by the power, eaten from the darkness and despair that was melted into the metal of such an evil creation. Yet, he had hope. A light of optimism that Sauron could be defeated, that the race of Man could do such a thing. Kali admired him for that. Then the voice of a man began to speak, a man of which Kali believed she would never meet again. Her heart pounded against its cage of bones, demanding to be let out, roaring to see his face and look at him once more. But Kali knew it would not bring her closure or ease her into a peaceful state because that was never the case when it came to Aragorn. If anything, the torment of her adoration would come back and haunt her for years to come, never relenting or ceasing to stop. It has been far too long. "You cannot wield it. None of us can. The one ring answers to Sauron alone. It has no other master." His voice was everything that remembered it to be. Smoky and deep, like the caves of Smaug, roughened, yet softening like crushed velvet. Kali drank every vowel in, each consonant with renewed passion and an edge of longing. Yearning after a man that's promised to another. How wretched. Boromir (or warrior as Kali referred to him as) turned and looked at 'Strider' coolly, levelling out his gaze to fix on the man that had slated his plans. "And what would a ranger know this matter?" He replied icily, a coldness of indignation and ire coating his words. Kali bristled at this, fists tightening with resentment, as she struggled to keep her dagger in its sheath and not aim it for the man's heart. Gondorians always seem to see themselves above Rangers, higher up than those who could match them in strength and excel them in speed. Aragorn said nothing, fingers twitching slightly, before relaxing as Boromir turned away dismissively to return to his seat. Legolas gracefully raised, an untendered rage seeming to settle on the Elf, before he turned his sharp gaze to the man that had turned to sit down. "This is no mere Ranger. He is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegiance." As Legolas spoke these words with a sharp, informative edge, Boromir turned sharply on his heel, eyes flickering to the Ranger before his features settled with quiet disbelief. "Aragorn? This is Isildur's heir?" Kali refrained from smiling, a twitch forming on the edge of her lips as she thought back to the time when she had found out of his royalty. With spiteful intent, Legolas added a sentence that would cause the Gondorian as much discomfort and annoyance as possible. "And heir to the throne of Gondor." Before Boromir could react, Aragorn spoke up, wistfulness flicking through his eyes before landing on his Elven friend. "Havo dad, Legolas." Sit down Legolas . Kali had always found Aragorn speaking Elvish to be not only soothing to her frayed nerves, but also comforting and a remembrance to his past, one of which he had confided and told her a long time ago. He was the one to teach Sindarin. "Gondor needs no king." Boromir vocalized his disapproval and resentment towards Aragorn obvious through his narrow eyesand tone. Nevertheless, he took his seat with a radiating anger that was noticed, but ignored by all the Council. "Aragorn is right. We cannot use it." The familiar sound of Gandalf's wise voice had Kali relaxing slightly, the knowledge that he was there seeming to work magic of respite and relief. The staff he gripped, the graphite-shaded cloakand hat he wore were the same as she remembered them to be. Mithrandir. Such a wizard never to find again. The dwarf of which had remained quiet for most of the discussion suddenly spoke up, rumbling accent of Khuzdul sweeping through the clearing. "Then, what are we waiting for?" Gimli questioned with a timbered voice, as he stood from his chair, axe gripped tightly between his thick fingers. Kali's gaze sharpened, knowledge of what the dwarf was about to do already settling in. He was to destroy the ring. Gimli raised it above his head, ready to strike down on the metal with the force and strength of a grown dwarf. The blade whistled through the air and without thinking, Kali swept forward, surging into the glade with one fluid movement. Her hand grabbed the handle of the axe, halting its descent to the ring's surface, as the dwarf glanced up at her, surprise inhabiting his rugged and weathered face. "Save your axe, Master Dwarf, for nothing you or I possess could destroy it." Kali spoke quickly, smooth voice glazing the words with promise and a wizened knowledge. Gimli tugged his axe roughly out of the woman's hand, before pointing it towards her, blade glinting in the dying sun. Kali glanced out of her peripheral vision, noting that Legolas had already strung an arrow, the pointed tip lining up with her temple, awaiting its command to sail through the air. Boromir had drawn his sword, gaze flickering to the Ring before he straightened up and directed his weapon to Kali, hand steady like the metal weighed nothing. "You are truly foolish if you have come with the intent to steal the Ring, stranger." The Gondorian stated, stepping forward threateningly, twisting the steel handle of his sword with repressed action. "I come to attend Lord Elrond's council." Kali corrected, sweeping the hood back from her face and bowing respectfully in the Elf's direction. "Lower your weapons." Aragorn commanded, voice sharp and authoritative, as his slate-grey eyes ran the length of Kali's body before stopping on her face. Legolas was the first to relent, tipping his bow back until the arrow was pointing to the floor. He nodded to Aragorn, before seating himself again, fingers still wrapped tightly around the wooden handle. Gimli followed, swinging his axe back and grumbling deeply about his interruption, before glancing at Kali with uneasiness. He hadn't heard her intervene, just simply felt the handle being stopped, and if she could get to him without the Elf even picking up her footsteps, goodness knows what her stealth was like. Boromir kept his sword pointed at the woman, gaze distrusting and curious, as he took in the familiar dressage of what she wore. "And who may you be, young maiden?" The Gondorian man questioned, keeping his eyes on the woman before him, accounting for any weapons she may hold or keep on her person. "Boromir. Lower your weapon, immediately. " Elrond ordered, before Aragorn could intervene and grab his sword. The man paused for