Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians and any series connected to it. I also don't own any of the gaming elements that are part of this story. It's as simple as that. Percy Jackson was many things. He had ADHD and Dyslexia. He got kicked out of schools six times in a row. Strange things always seemed to happen around him. His mother was Sally Jackson, a mother that could be comparable to angels. His stepfather on the other hand was a repulsive fat man named Gabe Ugliano. And his real father was 'lost at sea', as his mother had told him when he asked her why he wasn't there for them. For most of his life, trouble had always followed him and even that seemed to follow him in his dreams. This time, he dreamt about barnyard animals of all things, a goat that sounded like his best friend Grover yelling food while a mad bull wanted to kill them. In that same dream, he saw his mother dissolve into golden light, leaving him alone in a storm with the goat and the bull, at least until the bull crumbled to sand because of him somehow. The details were kind of blurry really. His next dream (or was it the time he was conscious) was really blurry too, it's just that he knew he was being spoon fed a pudding that tasted like buttered popcorn for some reason by a smirking tanned girl with blonde princess curls. Said blonde with princess curls then cautiously asked him several questions. Well, more like demanded answers with how piercing her grey eyes were to be honest. Things like: "What will happen at the summer solstice?" "What's going on?" "What was stolen? We've only got a few weeks." His answer to those questions, most primarily the second one, would be simple. He had absolutely no idea what was going on. Speaking of which, what was stolen in the first place? What did that have to do with him? He didn't steal anything…other than that essay on Tom Sawyer that he got from the internet. What? He was dyslexic. How was he supposed to read the freaking story? Anyways, the next dream (or time he was conscious) after that was when a blonde dude that had eyes all over his body was watching him. Now wasn't that creepy and unlikely? Almost as unlikely as that time about his former/non-existent/whatever pre-algebra teacher Mrs. Dodds being a Fury and nearly killing him while demanding that he returned whatever he was that he supposedly stole until he accidentally vaporized her with a glowing bronze sword. At least he hoped so but seriously. What was it really that was stolen that would warrant him being culprit number one? He wished he could have the answers. It was too bad though, that it would be the start of something he never even expected, nor would anyone, not even the gods, the Fates, or any other divine being of the Greco-Roman Pantheon and beyond. Percy opened his eyes, which widened as he took in his surroundings or rather, the lack of it. Everything was white all around him like a blank canvas, like that room from the Matrix movie. He tried to move or try to find someone else but nothing happened, as if he was just floating in space and was the only one there. He would certainly continue to think that was the case until someone patted him on the shoulder and yelled, "Yo!" Whatever would be written in history, if this ever was written in the first place, Percy knew that he did not just scream in fright like a scared girl from a horror film or watching one. Truly he didn't…right? The black-haired guy who caught the demigod's attention blinked, revealing eyes of white irises and black sclera, which was basically an indication that this guy was not a human or at least not a normal one. He stood at about 5' 7, his baggy black jacket and pants hiding his frame. White sneakers covered his feet while white gloves adorned his hands and a white cowboy hat on his head that really didn't match his outfit. Overall, he looked strange but did not seem to be harmful. "I'm sorry. I did not mean to surprise you." He said as he raised his arms as a gesture of peace and Percy almost believed him until the guy grinned and snorted. "Nah, who am I kidding? That was funny. Who knew you could scream like that? Ha-ha-ha!" His left eyebrow twitching, the twelve year old glared at the laughing person. "Okay…. Who are you? Where are we? And what do you want from me?" "Ohhh, someone's direct to the point! Good. I can't tell you my name since that would be detrimental for me but in lieu of that, you may call me Haki for now." The now revealed Haki answered as he scratched the back of his head. "As for where we are, we are in a place beyond the reach of the gods or the Fates. Call it my sanctuary if you want to. Also, you are Percy Jackson am I correct? I hope I didn't get the wrong guy. That would be embarrassing." Percy's eyes narrowed. How does he know my name? He thought before answering. "Yes I am. What of it?" "Oh it's nothing. It's just that you being here make everything worthwhile for me. Like really, it looks like bringing you to my sanctuary isn't a waste of energy after all. Speaking of which, what can you say about this place? It's basically my man cave after all." Haki told him as he gestured to the space around them with his arms, looking mighty proud at it. "If that's the case, then your man cave is uhhh, how do I say this, blank." The twelve year old bluntly told the owner of the man cave who took offense to that and crossed his arms. "Hmph, you should see this place when it's Taco Tuesday. I bet you're going to beg for me to let you have some if you saw it...that is if I let you go here on Taco Tuesday in the first place." Haki told him with a huff. "You're still not telling me why I'm here and now that I've mentioned it, am I really here or is this just a dream?" Percy asked as he ignored the comment of a Taco Tuesday. "Oh no, it's only your consciousness or more accurately your soul that I brought here and before you ask, you're not dead. Also you don't have to worry about disappearing off the face of the planet just like that. A guy like you has got a very important part to play after all. After all, it's why I brought you here for." Haki explained as he grinned once more and snapped his fingers, the sound produced from it being clear and the son of Poseidon felt a gust ripple from it. Percy watched as colors spread underneath them from where his kidnapper– more or less– stood, taking form and substance to reveal an overhead, early morning view of a beach. A very familiar beach that's important to Percy. "Montauk," he said with a look of nostalgia, remembering the good times and memories he had with his mother there before he remembered their very latest trip there, when a storm began and there were heavy knocks on the door, "What's going on? Why are you showing me this?" "Oh my, it seems you've been a bit more taxed by that fight more than I thought." His kidnapper told him before he smiled sadly, fingers ready for another snap. "Do let me refresh your thoughts for you to remember." When he heard the snap, Percy dropped to his knees as crystal clear visions immediately began plaguing his mind. It was what his dreams where, but he knew all too well now that these weren't dreams. They were memories, his memories. "No…" He remembered Grover without his pants on, revealing his true form as a satyr, leading them out of the cabin they rented and into the car owned by Gabe once he told his mother what really happened to him in his time in Yancy Academy and that fruit stand with the three old ladies. How they raced towards the place his mother said where he would be safe as the rain poured on and lightning flashed while a weird bellowing sound came from behind them. Then lightning slammed into the car after they avoided some weird thing in the dark. It wasn't a thing, it was the Minotaur. They got out of the car, but Grover was knocked unconscious by the blast and so they had to carry him up towards a hill. They had to stop near the pine tree at the hill and separate, his mother shouldering Grover when the man-bull charged at them. It had learned its lesson and managed to grab his mother when she tried to evade it after putting Grover down and retreating down the hillside. He saw it grab her by the neck and squeeze, making her disappear in shimmering golden light…and she was gone. "Mom…" He remembered how his fear had been replaced by anger then, how he fought the monster when it got near Grover. When he somehow managed to rip one of its horns off and jabbed it into its own chest. Then carrying the satyr past the hill as he called– cried for his mother, and arrived at the wooden porch of where he saw lights from and then collapsed. "It wasn't a dream. She's…gone." The teenager who caused him to relieve his memories remained silent for a few moments before speaking once again, making Percy look at his face where a grin was proudly worn on his face. "Do you want to know why I brought you here Percy?" He glared at the guy even with his tears still a bit misty from the trip to memory lane. "Why? The grin on Haki's face grew ever wider, making Percy think just how much wider it could get. This guy could give the Joker a run for his money in the grin department. "It's simple really. Your loyalty is very commendable. Now I remember why you were such a perfect candidate to receive a power I've cooked up." "Wait, what are you talking about? I'm a perfect candidate for what power?" Percy asked nervously as the colors underneath him began to change into a neon blue color. While it was indeed a shade of his favorite color, he felt nothing but dread at the sight. This fact made him see the amusement in Haki's eyes while his own showed how it was beginning to terrify him when they locked eyes. "I'm sure you've played video games before Percy. The power I'm giving to you? It's gonna be very beneficial for you…and me of course…perhaps even your world." The blue 'floor' seemed as if it had taken on a life of its own, becoming a glowing ooze that climbed its way to Percy's body, reminding him of the symbiotes from the Spider-Man comics. "It'll hurt like a bitch at first though so… Don't try to say I didn't warn you." "You–AAAGGGHHH!" Pain wracked through the demigod's body as the ooze covered him from head to toe like a jelly cocoon, but with it came the rush of an alien power, an energy that to Percy's horror was bonding itself to his entire being and that it he was increasingly finding himself being willing to accept it. He could feel it permeating in his skin, his insides, and his mind like a parasite yet at the same time there was a sense of symbiosis there, as if his body and mind didn't mind the strange power, waiting for it to be complete and pay