Hey guys! It's Abigail here, again. I just felt inspired to write this, so this plot is still fresh in my mind. So, I have to jot down all my ideas on a paper before they vanish like water vapor. I'm actually hoping that you guys will like this, my FF's in the past have not been so realistic than I've hoped, so I tried to make this one as realistic as possible. I have had major writer's block for the past few months, and I am starting to doubt my ability. Hopefully, I will probably finish this fanfiction. I read my stories after a while, and I was dissatisfied with how unrealistic it was compared to my life. My writing has improved, and sometimes, at least, a week after updating, I will reread my fanfiction and see if there were any mistakes that I didn't see. Might find some songs that relate to this chapter, if not, I'll just continue on with my story and update regularly. And just a side note: I WON MY VOLLEYBALL GAME! WE WON! WE WON! WE WON! I do not own PJO/HOO or anything else you may recognize! (Its fanfiction, so of course I wouldn't own it). Chapter One: "I choose dare." ANNABETH CHASE "Truth or dare, Annabeth ?" Drew Tanaka had spoken my name with so much venom I gaped at her. I was sitting next to Thalia and I glared at her for even making me play this game, nevertheless forcing me to come with her to this back-to-school bonfire, which was near a campsite. Had I really sneaked out of the house, and go on a thirty-five-minute drive just to get dared by Drew Tanaka? I knew that Drew hated me, and she had to pick me. I stared at Drew my eyes leveling with hers, everyone knew that Annabeth Chase never backed down from a dare. It was night, and, at least, nine o'clock, which made me scared on the inside. "I choose, dare ." Drew looked at me and smirked slyly at me. I suddenly felt self – conscious. This was Drew, the girl who had managed to chop off half of my luscious hair that everyone adored in sixth grade, the girl who spilled hot meatballs over my head on the first day of freshman year, the snobby brat who had tried to ruin every single day of my waking life. I looked around the area I was in – realizing that I was in a circle, outside with at least twenty-five people. I looked back at Drew and raised my eyebrows, "What's the dare Tanaka?" I could see through the corner of my eye that Thalia looked worried and was probably piecing the puzzle pieces through Drew and I's feud. I felt goosebumps on my arms because I had left my jacket in Thalia's blue truck, but I knew that I was nervous, I was scared of what her answer would be. Drew lifted her head up, turning it to the side, and tapped her left finger on her temple, pretending to think. Drew's dare for me would probably be planned out, like she was waiting to ask me the dare since I got there. "I dare you to make Percy Jackson fall in love with you by the end of junior year, and then break his heart." My eyes widened to the size of an elephant's behind, and I wished that I could bail. Before we started, the rule was if you were going to bail at a dare, you had to jump in the lake naked. Jump in the lake naked or make Percy Jackson fall in love with me and then break his heart? He had already dated, Rachel Elizabeth Dare who he was still obviously, head – over – heels – for her. It was an on and off thing that they had. I wouldn't do that. I couldn't do that. It was kind of like, breaking the biggest rule ever. Rachel, Thalia, and I were best friends during third and seventh grade, but then a fallout happened. We made up in ninth grade, but we aren't as close as we were back then, than we are now. It took us a long time to gain each other's trust again, I couldn't just have it break down like a wrecking ball. I couldn't just break her trust, I couldn't break Thalia's trust either. "No," I answered. A collective gasp went throughout the bonfire. "I'd rather jump in the lake naked." "Too chicken to break them up?" Drew teased. My cheeks flamed up in embarrassment and I heard laughs go around the circle. Drew stared at me and pointed to the lake. "Go on, jump in." "Jump in! Jump in!" voices joined in with the chant, and everyone was chanting now except for certain people in the room: Thalia and Piper. I stood up and Thalia grabbed my wrist. "Annabeth, you're sure you want to do this?" she questioned. "Yeah," I answered. "I can't do that to Rachel. Never." Thalia nodded in understanding and an emotion flashed behind her eyes, but it was gone before I could decipher it. She let go of my hand and looked around to see people taking videos of me with their phones. A shiver ran down my spine and I looked at Drew. Her eyes were a dangerous dark brown and I could almost swear I saw a red gleam in her eyes. Her smirk widened when I blushed even more and crossed my arms. I searched Drew's eyes, searching for some kind of weakness, a reason why she was doing this to me. I could hear Drew snickering and then laughing. She mouthed to me, Sorry, before laughing at me. That's when I realized that Drew did not just dislike me, she had felt true hatred for me, but what had brought her to hate me? "Are there any more options besides, this ?" Drew's left eyebrow arched and she stood up. Everyone was suddenly silent. " No ." My breath quickened, I felt light-headed, and I wanted to vomit. "You can give up now," she started and I had hope that she wouldn't make me do it. "But you have to make him fall in love with you. And if you don't, I'll tell everyone about your friend Piper's little incidents ." Eyes fell on Piper and she glared at me. I was so stupid, of course, Drew would threaten me with Piper's arrest records. My mouth parted open, and I shut my eyes tight. How did Drew know? Nobody knew about Piper's arrest records except for who she told, which was Thalia and me. Stop being such a chicken. "I'll jump in the lake naked then." In the corner of my eye, I saw Piper let out a breath of relief. I stood there silently, watching the reactions of the school crowd. I turned around slowly and held my breath. I shouldn't have over thought my decision. Was stealing my friends' boyfriend really worth it? I felt my eyes water and I looked at Drew. Why did she hate me so much? Drew smirked and took out her phone. "I'll be watching!" She yelled as I was thinking of running towards the lake. "No, I'm sorry, I'm not doing this," I said abruptly. I watched Drew's reaction. Her face turned a bright red, and the eyelash curler she was holding snapped. "Excuse me?" Drew questioned. "I said, that I'm not doing this stupid dare, nor am I going to make Percy Jackson fall in love with me and then break his heart." Drew got up silently and walked over to me. She was, at least, five foot six, without the heels. When walking towards me, she was about my height, five foot eight. "Sorry, hon. Do you want me to tell everybody about your little incidents?" Drew whispered in my ear so silently I couldn't almost hear what she said. Fear rose up in my gut so fast, I had to hold my breath. Drew couldn't, she wouldn't actually tell everyone, would she? That was personal, it was a secret that I had told no one, but how could she know? I stared at her wide-eyed, and she wore a satisfied smirk on her face. I was frozen in place, and I knew that I had to accept the fact that I had to break Percy Jackson's heart. It was my turn to ask someone truth or dare now, but I didn't have the heart to. So instead, I got up, and ran towards Thalia's blue truck as fast as I could. I had to do this for Piper, so her secrets were kept safe, for Thalia, even if Drew didn't say anything about threatening her, she would. Most of all, I was doing this for me, so my secrets were kept safe. I didn't know what Drew's plan would be, but all I knew was that she'd try destroy my relationships with people, break me brick by brick. The guilt was slowly eating me up inside. I already had so many problems to deal with, why be given something else to worry about? There were only so many questions racing through my head at the moment I couldn't even comprehend them. In the distance, I could hear Drew ask Thalia the same question: "Truth or dare, Thalia?" "What am I going to do?" I asked Thalia, distress laced in the tone of my voice. Thalia sighed and stared ahead at the road. The game had ended shortly after Thalia picked truth, and a few others went. I stayed in her blue truck for the rest of the time, then she came back. Drew had apparently paid everybody there fifty bucks so they could just keep their mouths shut about the dare she gave me. Drew, obviously didn't want people knowing. "I don't know, Annabeth," Thalia answered, exasperated. "Are you scared?" I asked Thalia, my voice fragile and rigid. Thalia didn't answer me back, and I gave up on getting her answer. I groaned out loud and looked at her. "Would it have been better if I just jumped in the lake naked?" I asked Thalia. "Probably, but maybe we can just ignore Drew and let this situation play out by itself," she answered back. "You're right," I told her. On the car ride back to my house, I hid my emotions like a mask. I didn't know how uncomfortable I was with the words she just told me. "Probably, but maybe we can just ignore Drew and let this situation play out by itself." Her words were the only thing I could hear. I felt like I should have curled my hands into a fist, and see my knuckles go white and bite on to my lower lip, until my lip bled. I felt the tears started to pool in my eyes, I shouldn't cry, Drew wasn't worth my emotions. "Annabeth, stop it!" Thalia yelled. I had never heard her raise her voice at me. When she yelled at me, I didn't realize that I was digging my nails into the palms of my hands. "Gods, Annabeth, what has gotten into you? A month ago, you wouldn't even care if Drew did that! I'm here for you! Everything is going to be alright, forget Drew. Drew is not worth your emotions, no matter how much she angers you." My anger subsided a few minutes after she told me that. My sniffles were the only thing that was heard in the blue truck. I tried to calm myself down, but it wasn't working. "You want to know what's gotten into me," I told her. I wish I had learned to control my stupid tongue. "This is all your fault! If you hadn't dragged me there in the first place, we wouldn't even be having this stupid problem right now! And how would Rachel feel