For the record, Harry is only here for his time-traveling kids. Voldemort can fuck off. I feel like everyone has this idea in their head, or maybe that's just me. Anyway, this is my head canon. Welcome. Sorry for the mess haha DECEMBER, 1996 Only eleven he may be, but Saiph Asterion Potter was already well aware that he was perhaps the unluckiest person on Earth. It was that Potter unluckiness, and it appeared he was the only one of his siblings to inherit it. It wasn't even middle-child syndrome - although if he was being honest he could admit a lot of his current preteen angst probably stemmed from that - as much as it was his general existence. Maybe he was born under a cursed star? Maybe the star he was named after was actually a Death Star. Maybe his father was secretly Darth Vader. No, that couldn't be right. Even Luke Skywalker's luck was better than his own. On the subject of his father, he dreaded to think what the man would have to say about his current predicament. Lord Voldemort was a lot of things; patient was not one of them. Personal shortcomings aside, his father was quickly becoming the only available option for help, and that was saying something, because Saiph was a moody preteen and the last thing he wanted to do was confront his latent daddy issues or admit to still needing his father's help with anything. Which unfortunately he did. Desperately. He was eleven and in his eyes that was practically adulthood, so he didn't need anyone's help anymore. However it was times like this that he was sorely reminded just how inadequate an age it really was. But he was a Slytherin, dammit. He should be able to solve this himself. In his defense though, he had never heard of anyone - Slytherin or no - time traveling themselves over two decades into the past. "Freaking out is not going to be helpful," he reminded himself through gritted teeth. If he thought about it too hard, he might have a panic attack. Or worse, start crying. Even Cassi didn't cry, and she was the baby! Okay, so despite the fact that asking his father was the most logical and straightforward way to solve this predicament, he was tabling that for last. He supposed he could try to find a way out of this by himself, but realistically that was a stretch. He didn't even think the vast and questionable Black libraries had any books on time travel, and they certainly didn't teach it in Hogwart's first year curriculum. But they did study it in the Ministry. Saiph frowned. Could he risk that, though? His father didn't control the Ministry yet. He didn't even know who was currently Minister. And who knows what could happen to him if they not only find out he's a time traveler, but the son of the Dark Lord and Harry Potter. On the subject of Harry, maybe he could go to him for help. But as of now Harry probably wasn't all that much older than him. Considering the date on his tempus charm, Harry was probably sixteen. And in Hogwarts. Even if the wards still allowed him passage the chances of Harry having anything useful to say were slim. And if he wasn't in Hogwarts yet, then he would be at those wretched Muggles house, where he said he used to have to spend all his summers. That was even worse. All the same, he desperately wanted Harry right now. Harry might not be able to help him with finding a way back home, but at the very least he would be a warm and comforting presence. And quite honestly he still labored under the delusion that Harry could make everything better just by mere existence. With Harry a realistic but unhelpful option, Saiph mulled over the idea of telling someone perhaps a bit older. But not someone from the Ministry. Someone he could trust. All he could think of were Inner Circle Death Eaters; none of whom Saiph knew how to get in contact with, and all of whom would probably send him straight to his father anyway. It was at this point, still shaky and sick from extensive time travel, Saiph resigned himself to his fate. His father it was, then. / It was a good thing he and his siblings wore their portkey necklaces all the time, otherwise he wouldn't even know where to start in his search for his father. Ever since that one time Aster managed to apparate herself a whole continent over, their father had gotten a bit paranoid about the whereabouts of his children, and further, how to retrieve them when they managed to get themselves into trouble. He half hoped it would somehow magically teleport him back twenty years into the future, but no such luck. Instead, it spat him out in the middle of something that looked to be important. Saiph reared back immediately, lost his balance, and stumbled a bit as he almost fell over. Truth be told he was not a fan of portkeys; he thought they were worse than Apparition. Or maybe the people he side-apparated with were just very good at it. That actually had merit, now that he thought about it. At any rate, his eyes grew very wide when he realized just where he was. An entire table of Death Eaters turned to face him as he appeared at the far end of the table, looking about equally as surprised as he did. After a beat of stunned silence, Voldemort rose from his chair, decidedly displeased. "What is the meaning of this, Lucius?" He hissed dangerously to his subordinate, narrowing his eyes at the blonde man. "I - I don't know, my Lord." He managed to choke out, gaze flickering wildly between his Master and the young boy who shared alarmingly similar features with him. He was not the only one to notice, he knew. It was a bit hard to miss. The child was certainly younger than Draco, with classically attractive features that he had only ever seen on his Lord. The eyes, however, were quite different. A breathtaking, electric chartreuse that he had never seen in anything but the killing curse. And yet the soft, floating curls, the aristocratic nose, the shape of his high cheek bones and the sharp cut of his brows all spoke of Lord Voldemort. Bellatrix scooted her chair out from underneath the table, much to Saiph's trepidation. Her glimmering black eyes sharpened onto him as she sauntered over, slowly stalking around him. "What an adorable little boy." She crooned. "Are you lost, little boy? Did someone send you, perhaps?" She leaned over, as if to touch him. He flinched away. "You can tell me," she murmured sweetly. "Who asked you to come here?" "Don't be absurd, Bellatrix." Lucius snapped, interrupting him before he could respond, which admittedly, he had no intention of doing. "Dumbledore couldn't possibly have gotten that child past these wards." "And who could have, then?" Returned Rodolphus with a speculative look towards the child, voice pitched low. A high flush blotted against the elder Malfoy's cheeks. "Well - that's - " "Why would he send a child?" Narcissa interrupted coldly, coming to her husband's defense. Rodolphus laughed darkly. "Dumbledore always sends children, don't you know? He's rather fond of them." A round of low chuckles started about the table, as everyone remembered the events at the Ministry. But Voldemort was not nearly as amused with the reminder. "And shall someone refresh my memory of how, exactly, those children managed to best my fully grown followers?" The chuckling abruptly stopped. Voldemort appeared satisfied by their fear. "But alas, we have gone off topic. It appears we have quite a few questions in need of answers; perhaps we should simply ask him, no?" Their Lord continued calmly, the crimson eyes Saiph was so familiar with turning their full attention onto him. The young boy swallowed thickly; it reminded him of the time he accidentally blew up his father's potion's lab. The man had been furious, and yet his demeanor had been so calm despite the fury beneath the surface. All the assembled Death Eaters turned to him with anticipation. "Well, child?" His voice was soft like silk and yet so deadly beneath the surface. "Would you like to explain why you're interrupting an important meeting of mine?" He sounded so much like his father, Saiph would have been relieved if he wasn't so terrified. His breath caught in his throat. "Well…" His voice was shaky, barely above a whisper. "Um…" A soft slithering behind him made him jump, startling all the thoughts from his head. Saiph's eyes grew wide as he heard the glide of smooth scales against the marble tiling, and the great bulk of his father's magnificent scaled serpent slid around his legs. Her scales glittered in the wan light, as she twisted back until she could stare up into his eyes. The Death Eaters had begun to shift uneasily at her presence, a palpable fear rising in the room with her very presence. " Who is this child, Master?" She flicked her tongue out at him. " Is he for eating?" " Nagini," Saiph replied, surprised. Bellatrix sucked in a harsh breath at the parseltongue. A round of low murmurs made its way around the table at the hushed hissing. Voldemort's shining ruby eyes narrowed at the sound, and it was only a moment before he was abruptly pushing his chair away from the table and walking around the side. His followers flinched at the sound, but he had no eyes for them. " Who are you, boy?" He repeated, patience thinning. " And how is it that you speak parseltongue?" Saiph's gaze returned to his father, growing wide and wary as the man approached. He found himself wrapping his arms around Nagini, letting the serpent curl around his shoulders as if to give him comfort. He hated when his father's full attention centered onto him. He would be the first to admit that his father… intimidated him. Despite the fact that the man had never once really laid a hand on him - he was not deaf or blind. Perhaps the great Lord Voldemort had never turned his ire to his son, but he'd certainly turned it on others. His mother being one of them. Of course, Harry always gave as good as he got, but still. " Is he yours, Master?" Nagini spoke in his stead, rubbing her flat snout against him and catching his cheek with her tongue. " He smells like you." Way to out me, Nagini, Saiph thought, disparagingly. He met his father's gaze nervously. Nagini's comment seemed to have affected him, for he narrowed his eyes thoughtfully. " I - I need your help." He said, rather unsteadily. All the same he was proud of himself for getting the words out at all. " My help?" His father returned, features inscrutable. He nodded, dropping his gaze. " I'm lost." He admitted. " Lost?" Lord Voldemort repeated. " In time." Saiph added. " I time travelled and now I don't know how to get back." / "I suggest you start from the beginning." His father advised, once he had dismissed his Death Eaters and moved them into a separate sitting room. It still felt stiff and uncomfortable to Saiph, but he had enough experience with Malfoy Manor to know it was simply part of the ambiance. All the same he felt wary and disconcerted as he burrowed into one of the large arm chairs, watching his father summon an elf for tea. Nagini remained in his arms, comforting him somewhat with her presence. At least Nagini still liked him. She had always been fond of the youngest son of Lord Voldemort, if only because Saiph was still at an age where fetching mice for