femHarry/tom. timetravel crawlersout . The day Tom Riddle meets Harry Potter is miserable and cold. In the distance are indeterminable figures wandering in the fog, as if the streets were filled with ghosts tonight. Something swells in the humidity like lament or regret. No one spares a glance towards the little orphan crouched low upon the store stoop. He is very hungry, but the meager change he has scrounged together from thieving and scavenging are not enough for even a loaf of bread. The thought of having to return to the orphanage is ominous; they will not be pleased once they inevitably discover his disappearance, and worse still he has nothing to show for it. "Care to share?" He looks up quite suddenly, caught unawares. An almost unremarkable girl leans over him, holding out a large and overflowing sandwich. He's never seen anything quite like it, but it smells like everything he's ever wanted to taste. He draws closer, before recoiling, fixating his narrowed gaze on the girl in front of him. She is a ways older than him, but not old enough to be considered an adult. She wears a small and sad smile, and it clings to her soft lips like it's been there for some time. He was perhaps remiss in his prior observation, as the muted gray cap atop her head as slid to the side, revealing the most magnificent, luminous hair he's ever seen. It glows like fire in an otherwise indistinct world, as do her eyes, which are a very striking color of green he can't quite categorize. His gaze flitters back to the sandwich, hesitant. When her expression doesn't change, he moves for it tentatively. The paper wrapping is soft and crinkles in his hands as he stares down. It is the both the biggest piece of bread and the most condiments he's ever seen. The food at the orphanage is bland and tasteless, with neither significant color nor texture. She sits next to him as he devours his food; his hands are clasped tightly against the bread, as if unwilling to ever let it go. She does not make any move to take it back from him, not even as he polishes it off—she stares off into the murky distance as if something of great interest lies across the fog; her umbrella sways listlessly above them both. "I'm Harry, by the way," She whispers, soft and secretive. Tom blinks at her, cautious once more. "I'm Tom," He says, at great length. "Tom Riddle." He adds, almost impulsively. As if he wants everyone in the world to know that he does, indeed, have a surname. Something grows regretful in her eyes. She smiles anyway. "Well, it's very nice to meet you, Tom Riddle." . . . He waits impatiently by the gates, grasping at the rusting iron with a restless unease. The metal is cool and smooth against his cheek when he leans upon it, fissiparous attention fixated wholly on the world outside the orphanage. His grip tightens intermittently, loosening at equally arbitrary moments. As if lying in wait. Tom Riddle does this everyday, much to the congruent confusion of his caretakers; for there never appears to be any reason for him to stand at the entrance so enthusiastically, when almost everyday no one passes through. Alas, perhaps it is not all that strange. He is an orphan: perhaps he waits for a father, a mother, some far flung relative that will never come. The orphanage staff know that there is little hope for a boy his age; both in adoption and in parental guidance. That boy's parents are long gone. Tom Riddle ignores them, even though he can feel their eyes upon his back. The street beyond the orphanage is devoid of life; a still image of cropped bushes and withering trees. He turns around slightly, looking over towards the narrow, saturnine entrance. The foolish bats are gone. He turns back around: The wind rushes past him, all at once, and when he opens his eyes Harry is there, staring down upon him contemplatively. It is as if she wanders in and out of the ether, appearing out of thin air and always departing just as quietly. He never bothers to wonder how that is; his excitement overwhelms him at the sight of her. "Harry," he says, stupidly, suddenly unable to remember all he wanted to tell the girl, all the words and thoughts he had carefully constructed in his head, in the still moments of the night. "Tom," Harry returns, smiling indulgently. "How are you?" "Fine," replies Tom, fast and excited, as if he's been waiting to see her all day, or all month, as it were. "Harry, Harry, I have to show you something!" "Show me what?" Her voice is warm and delighted; he likes the fondness that sifts between her words—a fondness for him. He takes her by the hand and drags her into the orphanage's yard, compelled by an incipient urge to keep her close, refuse to let her go. They kneel in the shade of a large oak, far from the wandering eyes of the caretakers. Tom does not know what their reaction to Harry would be: he does not want to find out. He sits so that she is obscured from sight by the width of the tree, and then he calls to the bushes beyond. " Come to me," He says, directing his gaze to the forest outside of the orphanage's yard. Heading his command a young snake obligingly shifts through the grass, maundering towards them. Tom lifts it without any hesitation, even though he's fairly sure it's a poisonous breed. "Look!" He cries, as if she could possibly have missed the spectacle. "It's a snake! It came to me!" "It did," Harry surmises, the advent of a tumultuous expression migrating onto her face. His enthusiasm dwindles at the sight. It is gone just as quickly as it came; the viridity in her eyes lights up once more—an unending effervescence he's sure he'll never tire of. "That's amazing," She whispers, and holds her hand out to the snake. It flicks its tongue into the space between her fingers, before it winds itself around her hand. " Can she speak the language of the snakes?" The serpent directs towards Tom. But before Tom can answer: " I do," Harry replies, holding the serpent at eye's length. " My name is Harry—how do you do?" " I am well, thanks." And then it wraps down her arm, to her shoulder, and then onto the ground once more. Tom gapes at her. "You can speak to snakes too?" His eyes are large and excited. Harry nods. "How?" He presses, leaning closer. "Why can we speak to snakes, when no one else can? What does it mean?" This is the day everything changes. The leaves drift elaborate patterns over her face, separating the parts from the whole. The flutter of her lashes, a long swoop of glowing chrome hair, the slight tilt to her mouth and the consuming green of her eyes. She leans close; her long hair falls upon his shoulder. He is looking up at her with big, wide eyes. The snake lays almost forgotten. Harry takes a breath. "Well, that's the thing, Tom," lithe fingers move to brush stray hair from his eyes; a movement so caring and affectionate it startles him, "Me and you, we're—different." "Different," he repeats, something anticipatory rising in his chest. "You're a wizard, Tom." She says, taking the very breath out of his lungs, the beating of his heart, the thoughts from his head. "It's magic," she whispers, low and quiet, like a secret, "what we do… all the strange things that happen around you, it's— "Magic," he sucks in a breath, a wide, splitting grin overtaking his face; perhaps the most risible expression he's ever had. That's what it is. Magic. . . . Tom is eight, mutinous, and staring determinably out into the monochrome of London. He was seven just yesterday, and eight doesn't really feel all that different. The orphanage staff hasn't found him yet, though he doesn't think they're looking very hard, if at all. It is bitter cold on the roof, even huddled against a jutting alcove. At least there isn't snow. It's the only place he has that no one else can take from him. He is very careful to never let anyone see him come and go—to find the secret passageways out the window and across the ledge. He likes his solitude, normally. He prefers it over the incessant and insipid children that reside in this building with him. But that's not true any longer. He prefers his solitude—but there is something else that he prefers even more. He is not disappointed. A cold brush of gelid wind tingles against his nose, and he huddles closer into his jacket, wishing for a pair of gloves. They fall into his lap. He stares down at them in unadulterated surprise. He jolts as something slides next to him. "Hello," Harry is so very warm as she settles in beside him, staring sweetly off into the distance, as if she can see something breath-taking that he cannot. She brings her full attention towards him, and his heart skips a beat in excitement. He never wants her to look at anyone like this—he doesn't want anyone else to have the complete consideration of her bright, green glass eyes. She drapes a thick, soft wool blanket over his shoulders, and he cups the gloves in his hands. She frowns decidedly at him. "You need a hat too. Perhaps a scarf." He doesn't like anyone telling him what to do, mollycoddling even less, but Harry's concern only elicits a pleasant thrill in his chest. "I'm fine," he disagrees. And he is. Right now, in this moment, everything is fine. She gives him a disbelieving look, before shaking her head. With more warmth than he could ever imagine, she draws close to him, touching his cheek lightly as she presses a kiss into his hair. "Happy birthday," she smiles, and though he cannot see it he can feel it, just at his temple. No one has ever told him this. No one has ever celebrated this day, and he never saw the reason to do so. What was the point, when there was nothing to celebrate and no one to celebrate with? He clings tighter to her, refusing to let her go just yet. He is a collector of fine things, and she is the finest thing he has ever laid eyes upon. Far better than the trinkets and toys that he so easily swipes from the other orphans. "Thank you," he says, but it is almost lost in the wind. She makes a move to pull away, but he doesn't let her. He doesn't look up, fixated upon the scarf tucked into her strange jacket; gold and red. Mistral wind licks at the ends of her hair; a diffluence drifting around them, ethereal. She stills for a moment, beneath his shivering fingers, before she pulls him even closer. He shifts, and suddenly he's curled up in her lap, and everything is warm and lovely and wonderful, and when he tucks his nose into the crook of her neck it's as if there is not a world outside of this; smell, sight, sound—they are all swallowed by her presence. "Oh, Tom," she murmurs, and it so sorrowful, so full of regret. A wounded noise escapes his lips, and he feels a burn in the back of his nose. Has he not dreamt of this for so long? The gentle, soothing touch of comfort when he needed it most, the quiet reassurance of a hand smoothing down his hair, the murmur of warm breath to drift him off to sleep. His fingers grasp ineffectually at her scarf. Don't leave , he wants to say. Don't leave me. Harry is not his mother,