Dark themes: non-con/dub-con/childhood abuse/underage/sexual abuse/stockholm syndrome/unhealthy relationships/mpreg-ish I can't list them all. But there's a lot. If any of the following are not something you want/should be reading, please don't. Xx AN: this started out as serious non-con porn and then somehow ended up with hardcore feels and a possible existential crisis. I'm sorry. I don't know what's wrong with me. . . I feel like some second rate married couple, shifted to opposite sides of the bed and drowning in post-sex silence. Not that I imagined Voldemort to talk. But neither did I imagine him to be the kind to sit in bed and look over papers. He's got some sort of long parchment that he seems uncannily interested in, so perhaps he won't take me again tonight. My arse already feels like it's been drilled by some sort of construction machine, and the sticky sensation of Voldemort's seed dripping out of me leaves me uncomfortable and unable to find sleep. I drift off eventually. He wakes me at precisely five thirty, giving me a nasty little electric jolt. He's throwing me out, just in time for school, and I stumble hastily to my feet only to fall once my weight is placed on them. The bottom half of my body is jelly and my arse has been thoroughly abused. I catch the dark lord looking satisfied by his handiwork out of the corner of my eye, but ignore him. He can fuck off and die for all I care—I have the next twelve hours or so to live my life without him. The satisfied look dies when he comes to this obvious conclusion as well, leaving something dark and angry as I portkey back to school. . . . He doesn't make love, he fucks. And its ruthless. And never straight forward, no—he has to play with his food. Today, or tonight (I don't really know), my hands are tied above my head to the ceiling and I'm bent over against his desk. He admires me for a moment, or perhaps just what he's done to me, and the paddle stills in his hand. My arse is literally on fire. It's burning red from what I can see from my reflection, but it's easier to ignore if I don't look. He's fucked me once already, long and hard, perhaps for more then an hour. It ends with him coming inside me—his favorite way to end things—leaving the head of his cock poised right outside my entrance, before pulling out so that I can feel his seed dripping out of me. Some days he leaves me like that, staring blankly at the far wall, hands tied, looking completely and totally fucked out, for anyone who walks in the door to see. Maybe it's my helplessness that gets him off the most. Honestly trying to figure out his motivations is really tiring; I'm pretty sure he doesn't have any. He has two modes; a violently, murderous rage that he takes out through unforgiveables and dark curses, and a violently murderous rage that he takes out on me through… I don't even know. Kinky and occasionally bizarre sex. Lucius walked in once. The look of surprise on his face was masked the moment the Dark Lord intoned that he was allowed a go at me as well. I felt about as surprised as Malfoy looked at this. Voldemort never shares me; ever. He'll let his followers touch me from time to time, but never anything close to this. So either Malfoy has done something very good, or I've done something very bad. Considering I haven't done much since I got here but lay here and make up shapes on the ceiling, I'm leaning towards the former. Still, the Malfoy senior was all to eager to whip his prick out, and it was the first time I'd ever tasted the bitter release of Malfoy sperm. That's not to say that all sperm wasn't bitter and salty and disgusting, but just the fact that it was Malfoy made it all the worse. After that the pureblood took the time to peruse me, first, giving my arse a go with the paddle, probably just to try and make me cry out, or to trigger another slow trickle of Tom's cum to come out of me. Voldemort cuts that off really quick though, when it becomes apparent that he's enjoying it far too much and I'm hating it far too little. Or maybe the sight of anyone else but him even spanking me is crossing the line. Who knows. . . . He comes inside again and it fills me up to the brim, making my insides churn with the heat. He's never struck me as an exhibitionist so I know that he does this only for the gratification of seeing my humiliation afterwards. It's both pain and pleasure to see Bellatrix's contorted face. I know she wants to be the one getting screwed, regardless of if it's in front of everyone, but she's also satisfied with hearing my wails and pleads for stopping—even if they're half-hearted at best, downright droning at worst. Being engaged in the dark lord's sick fantasies is tough shit, okay. There's only so many times he can do this to me before it gets repetitive. Not that I would dare to ever tell him this. I can think of like, five worse things he could pull then this; best to let him just assume I still find it horribly humiliating. I mean, it sucks, and it is humiliating, but I've—I don't know. Gotten used to it. Bellatrix doesn't know it's me, of course; his little game would be up if his followers knew. My face is a distorted in a glamour vague enough to hide my more obvious features, masking it all with a generic, boyish look. They're jeering and laughing and pointing towards me, but I'm exhausted and my head lolls on his shoulder. It's not bony. He must be wearing his Tom Riddle face, then. His cock, no longer impossibly enormous but still quite a huge girth, remains sheathed inside me, and occasionally he jerks it in just to hear me gasp in pain. He knows I hate this position the most. He doesn't know why though and I refuse to tell him. Maybe one day I'll confess that every humiliation he's done to me will never be as bad as what's already been done to me before; how this was Vernon's favorite position to describe to me, one he would explain in every intimate detail. I'll let him keep his smugness for now, if only to relish in my own smugness when I finally reveal all this to him. He must be feeling especially magnanimous today, because he sprawls me out on all fours, and gives his Death Eaters a go. Never full intercourse, because he'd never share his crowned jewel, but their fingers test me like merchandise. They don't seem to mind all the wetness, even as it pours out of me seemingly unendingly. There's got to be at least five or six at once and I squirm at the awful feeling—squirm right onto Lucius Malfoy's prick. I wonder what Draco would think, to see his father shove his cock up my mouth. Appalled, most likely. Maybe a little smug. He's Voldemort's favorite, so of course he get's more leeway then the others. The dark lord doesn't seem to mind sharing this small service of mine, but he is not amused at all when Lucius pulls out and comes over my face. This is apparently an indulgence only meant for him. I almost feel a little vindictive when I see the Malfoy senior scream on the floor under a crucio. Stupid Malfoy, tricks are for kids. No but seriously, there is a very fine line between the Dark Lord's obsession with humiliating me, and the Dark Lord's obsession with owning me. There's only so much he'll let his followers do to get a rise out of me, because he is a possessive fuck and the very idea of me doing this for anyone else but him is enough for him to start throwing out unforgiveables. And they all know it too, jumping the fuck away from me as if their lives depended on it—which might actually not be all that much of an exaggeration, considering Voldemort's mercurial moods and his utterly all-consuming obsession of being the only one to have me. They leave pretty fucking quick after that, but I'm not all that concerned by it. I feel so stretched that perhaps if Voldemort took me now, I wouldn't be in gut wrenching pain. I doubt it, though. Nothing could ever prepare me properly for that cock. "It's almost morning." I croak out, though I know he's aware. He'll have to return me—the greatest displeasure of them all. He also doesn't like me reminding him. There's a brewing, volcanic anger in his eyes as he drawls, "Then you'd better get to work, no?" I look up at him sharply, shaking and covered in come—his come. Get to—oh. Right. I lick off his softened cock, cleaning it thoroughly until it's glistening with my saliva. My throat is dry and my mouth tastes like his semen—and just him, in general. Which is annoying, but will be solved in a minute or two when I cast a cleaning charm and brush my teeth, and rinse it out with mouth wash; or rubbing alcohol, which would get the job done and have the added bonus of maybe killing me. I'd off myself just to come back as a ghost and see his explosively violent expression when he realizes I'm no longer around to torment. . . . It's Saturday, a Hogsmeade weekend, and no one's going to be looking for me. He knows this, which is why I'm here in his office, bent over his desk. He's not even in the room, though. He doesn't need to be, because I'm sure he's aware that I'm already past sanity and moaning like a wonton whore. The worst part is knowing I'm not chained, knowing there's no physical reason why I couldn't just rip this snake out of me and leave the room. But I know the consequences of that aren't worth the relief it'll give now. I learned very, very quickly that obedience is better than the alternative. I'd prefer it like this; he's very predictable that way. You do what he wants and he won't punish you. You do what he don't wants and he will. Of course, some times what he wants feels like punishment anyway. It's a small, squirming piece of metal, and it pumps me with a purpose of making me incoherent in mindless pleasure. It does its job well. There's so much sick humiliation in knowing I'm getting off on this, that this conjured metal snake is making my prick purple with need. He's put that nasty spell on me—so I won't come until he wants me to. So I'll beg him. Hell, even then he probably won't let me. He pulls this possessive, dominating shit almost every night, but I genuinely cannot remember the last time I got off on it. He comes in eventually, maybe after an hour or two, but doesn't take me immediately. He stands in front of me and I raise my head, panting and flushed and squirming on the snake pushing it's way inside me. I know what he wants, and I deftly find the fastenings and pull out his dick, which lays heavy and hot in my hands. I crawl onto the desk to get better leverage, and he grips the back of my head and rams himself into my mouth. He's got a good four inches on Malfoy—hell, he may even give my wand a run for it's money—and the tip of his cock is in the back of my throat. My eyes burn, but I bob up