A/N: Hello everybody! Well, this is the very first time I write a slash fiction, and in a different language from my mother tongue (which is portuguese) so please pretty please, be kind and patient with me. This story will be written as a series, with seasons that will present to you different moments of the lives of our boys. We'll have different points of view during the whole fic, but during this first season we'll remain with Jasper. I'll always let you know who will be telling the story ;) I'd like to thank my dearest friend, honorary beta, number 1 fan, book cover maker, adviser etc... Amanda Von Doelinger for all the support, love and help she always dedicates to me. MANDY, THIS IS FOR YOU! I hope you like it, I wrote it carefully and with so much love I believe it's imprinted here. *I don't own Twilight, it all belongs to Stephenie.* Season 1: Stuck on you - Chapter 1: We all feel lost sometimes I felt the mattress deepen by my side, but I couldn't make myself leave the comfortable slumber I was in. My eyes fought to keep the haze of my sleep, but I couldn't ignore the scent I knew too well, and that was calling me to wake up and greet the warm feeling that, lately more than ever, wrapped me whenever I was faced by his contagious smile. "It's time to wake up, sleepy head!" his voice forced itself through my ears. "Come on, Jay! Open your eyes, I know you're awake." As usual, I could only comply. He'd always had this strange power over me, like I could never deny him anything, so I opened my eyes. But just so I'd cause some effect, I faked an irritation far stronger than I really felt, glaring at him while pretending I was mad. "Oh, let it go." He said with a mocking tone. "I know you're not mad, you're just grumpy cuz I woke you." "Good morning to you too, Cullen." I deliberately snapped, sitting on the mattress, leaning against the headboard and folding my arms in front of my chest. "Why, in the fucking hell, are you disturbing my sleep?" He started to laugh, the bastard. And as always, I couldn't ignore it. His laugh, as his smile, never failed to affect me, to make me laugh when he did, even if I was irritated. I tried to remain serious, and I didn't really know what he was laughing at, but I couldn't control it. I was simply too weak to fight it. So I was laughing along in seconds. "You don't know how funny your face is when you pretend you're angry." He stated between giggles and my amusement started to fade. "It just… It's hilarious." He added, breathing hard because of all the laughter. "And besides that… You, cursing..." He laughed even more. Confusion flooded my mind. "What's so funny about my anger face? And what about my cursing ?" I imitated his tone in the end, this time not faking the irritation. I was pissed off. "What do you mean?" Edward's laugh subsided, I thought because he'd noticed my serious tone. He took a deep breath before running his left hand through his hair, looked at me straight in the eyes, the way that always made me feel a little intimidated, and smiled softly. "First, you're a terrible actor. I can always tell when you're pretending, you know that." He sighed and went on. "And you almost never course. So it doesn't really... Fit…" He shrugged. "I always curse." I defied. He smiled even more softly. "You never curse, Jay." His voice was smooth but secure. I could never argue with him when he spoke that way, like he knew what he was talking about. And he usually did. "Maybe inside this little crazy head of yours, but you never put it out." He was right, even though I would never admit it. I did curse a lot inside my head, but it was pretty rare of me to say the "disrespectful" expressions around anyone. Mainly because my father raised me in a very restrict discipline of what respect for others meant. I frowned, unable to contradict him. "You're so naive…" He affirmed in a strange tone that I couldn't recognize. And Suddenly I was feeling self-conscious, and my cheeks were warming up like they always did when I was embarrassed. I didn't understand why he said that, out of nowhere, and why I felt the way I did. And I definitely didn't know where the feeling came from, but I ducked my head and covered my face with my hands, pretending I was rubbing the sleep out of it. I didn't want him to notice I was embarrassed. He started to laugh again. Too late . "See? You always act so innocent." he said, clearly making fun of me. "You get embarrassed with anything." "Fuck off, Cullen!" I shouted as I pushed him. "If there's something I'm not it's innocent or naive, and you know that damn well." Edward laughed harder as he fell from my bed on the floor, clinging to his belly as if his life depended on it. I stood up and went to my bathroom, deliberately ignoring him. I took a piss and washed my hands and face, brushed my teeth and started the shower. All the while trying to shake the disturbing feeling that was unnerving me. A feeling that had accompanied me for some time till then… As I was lowering my sleep pants I felt his eyes on me, so I knew he was on the door sill, but I chose to pretend I hadn't noticed him there. "I'm sorry, I didn't want to upset you. I was just trying to be the first one to wish you happy birthday." The laugh was still in his voice. "And guarantee you would get to your party on time. Don't be so angry." "I'm not angry." But my voice said otherwise. "Come on, Jay! I just told you. You know that I know when you're faking you're mad. So, as well, I know when you really are." I automatically turned to him, ignoring that I was already completely naked. Well, He was my best friend after all, we'd seen each other naked many times before since we were kids, I didn't see a problem in that. Actually, I didn't even think about it at that moment. "And what am I right now, Cullen?" I tried to make my voice sound intimidating, but I actually resembled a bratty child. Edward's eyes were suddenly huge. His expression became perplex and his face was immediately getting red. He didn't say anything as he scanned my body like he had never seen it before, but his posture changed abruptly as he moved away from the door jamb, where he was leaning in till then, and stood upright, seeming rigid and tense. And so I realized that the last time we'd seen each other naked we were kids. Something like nine or ten years before. I think we were eight. I'm not sure, but the fact was, it'd been a while before. And, besides that, I was kind of sporting a softening morning erection... The self-consciousness from before came back full force, and the air was caught up in my throat. Reflexively, I covered my penis with both my hands and hunched my shoulders forward in a defensive posture. "Sorry." Edward murmured without meeting my gaze, turned away faster than I could follow and left the bathroom without another word. I didn't know what the hell had happened, and I couldn't go after him since I was stuck on the spot, paralyzed. I didn't know what I was feeling… It was something between confusion, embarrassment and… Satisfaction ? Why I'm feeling joy? I took a deep breath, confused as I had never been before in my life, and slowly, almost numbly, I stepped inside the shower with a distressing feeling in the pit of my stomach and Edward's face on my mind. As I washed my hair I couldn't stop myself from thinking about how my relationship with him had been lately. Things between us were different. And getting more and more different with each passing moment. The problem was, I didn't know exactly what was different, or why. For months till then I could feel this strange aura whenever we were around each other, like there was something hidden, untold, almost forbidden between us, but I couldn't pinpoint it. And I wasn't sure if he could notice this as I did, either. He was being weirdly careful, often walking on eggshells around me… But I didn't know whether this was just a reaction to my odd behavior or something else entirely. Edward and I had grown up together. Our mothers were like sisters, they knew each other from school and had never been apart. So becoming best friends was pretty natural for us, since our families were so connected. And we were. The best of friends anyone could ever be. We knew everything about one another, we supported and trusted the other like no one else could and we shared every little thing. But for some time then, this connection between us was a little strained, at least in my perception. He was kind of hesitant lately, frequently seeming like he wanted to say or ask something but never did. And I was too aware of him all the time, too conscious of his presence, gestures, words and even his intonation when speaking. I was even foreseeing some of his reactions and attitudes. It was unnerving. Of course I knew him better than anybody, but it wasn't just that… It was like… Like I could notice every little detail. Things I wouldn't have noticed before were simply popping up before my eyes, constantly, almost forcing me to pay attention, really close attention to him. And it was making me feel weird and uncomfortable all the time, and that's why I was acting so diffident around him. I turned the shower off and sighed. The most intriguing part wasn't even the intense awareness I felt around him at that point. It was the feelings this awareness was provoking in me… With each smile or look from him, the changes in his voice as he spoke or the way he gesticulated, with even the minor of things I would become suddenly uneasy and couldn't figure out a way to act normal. I wrapped the towel around my hips and looked at myself in the mirror. I was turning eighteen that day, finally reaching Edward's age. I was happy to realize I was totally different from the skinny boy I had been my whole life. I was so proud I was taller (even though I was good four inches far from Edward's 6'4, which was my dream height), my body was stronger, my muscles were defined by the often basketball practices and needed workouts I was submitted to. My hair was longer than had ever been, my bangs constantly covering my light green eyes, and the golden shades in its light brown tresses a little more shiny than ever. My face seemed more mature with its square chin and stubble. I felt good, handsome even, but something kept making me feel insecure all the time and I didn't know what... Of course the way my best friend saw me was a factor. Just another one I was failing to understand. I kept asking myself why Edward's opinion on my appearance bothered me so much, why his thinking I looked innocent would make me unsure and displeased, but I couldn't figure it out... After combing my hair I left the bathroom, still distracted. I felt strange when I noticed that Edward wasn't anywhere in my room. I got dressed, put my shoes and left for the kitchen, knowing pretty