WTLO Extras - All We Know: 1 - When I caught myself ~*Edward*~ I can still remember the exact moment when it hit me. It was distressing and painful as fuck, and I thought I would die from the hurt and dread I felt… I was so desperate that I opened up to my father, crying my eyes out, sobbing heavily, spilling everything at once without even blinking, only worrying if he would be disappointed in me and my terrible and recent discovery after everything was out in the open... It was the end of the spring. I had just turned sixteen. Jasper still had to wait a couple of months to reach my age and we were as always… The best buddies we'd ever been. I'd always had this deep concern and had always cared for him a lot so, at least until then, I couldn't have told the difference, I couldn't see it happening… Of course I knew that what I constantly felt around Alice and for her wasn't normal… But I never thought it could have been what it turned out to be… That day Jasper and I were at the lake, as usual. After we found the place in one of our exploratory expeditions it became ours, like our spot or something. We were simply hanging out as we did everyday, and I was feeling OK, nothing different. Until he opened his mouth. "I'm finally gonna do it." He said, confident and serious. I knew what he was talking about, there was no surprise there. The feeling that followed his statement, the flood of a weird icy sensation inside my chest and stomach, was also well known by me by then, since I'd been feeling it for months at that point, especially whenever he brought that subject up. I looked at his profile, at his angelic face turned away from me, focused at some random spot ahead of him, and my stomach flipped oddly. "Are you sure?" My voice trembled, even with my efforts to hide the disturbing confusion that was taking me. Jasper looked at me with a smile on his face. A wicked smile that I knew pretty well. My stomach churned. "She wants it, man…" He said it like it was so great news. "She asked to sleep at my house tonight. Her parents are in Tacoma..." "And your parents are with Rosalie in your grandmother's house for the weekend.…" I completed, holding back the sudden anger that arose inside me. "You arranged this." It wasn't a question, I knew his answer from the glint in his eyes. Jasper simply raised his brows and shrugged. And his confirmation made me feel so weird I couldn't think of anything else to say. I tried to convince myself, at that moment, that I was only worried about my best friend. After all, I knew the bitch Alice was. And I knew how into her Jasper was… I breathed deeply and bit the inside of my cheek. Thinking about that also made me feel strange. But the truth was, I knew, deep down inside, that it wasn't just worry. Something else was going on with me, I wasn't simply trying to protect my best friend as I had always done, no… There was definitely something more, I just couldn't pinpoint it… "So, any tips?" He asked, totally oblivious to my distress. I looked deep into his eyes, his striking green eyes that I'd always admired so much, hoping he could see through me and understand my concern without my needing to be so clear. "Maybe… Choose another girl." It came out like a question. Jasper simply laughed, and the sound made strange things to my body as lately. "I don't understand why you hate her so much." he said in a light tone. "If I didn't know better I would think you're into her." "Eww!" I frowned. It was my automatic reaction to Alice. "Not even if she was the last girl on earth." "What's your problem with her?" His voice didn't have any accusation or suspicion, he was actually amused. "Besides the fact that she's too much for her size?" I stated the obvious. "I've never known anybody so small and, still, so annoying! She's loud and pretentious. She thinks the world revolves around her. And she treats you like you're some kind of trophy." I shrugged. "I don't know how you put up with her." "You're just jealous." He said laughing. "She's the first person that made me spend less time with you." OK, he had a point. But he didn't know… Well, by then I didn't know either, that he was so deeply right, in a completely different way than what he actually meant. "This is another factor." I agreed unfazed. "I've never changed priorities when I was dating. Our friendship always comes first. At least for me. But this is me and I understand your wanting to be with her all the time since she's your first girlfriend and you're so into her…" My voice was sounding sarcastic on purpose by the end. "Oh, c'mon, E! Have you forgotten Angela? We used to spend days without seeing each other because you were too busy giving attention to her." Angela had been my second girlfriend, and the only girl I had ever fallen in love with so far. "It was the honeymoon phase and it lasted two weeks. I balanced the time between you two soon after that night visit of yours, remember?" My tone was a little funnier now. "You cannot have forgotten your jealousy attack, don't be such a hypocrite." He was laughing before I even finished talking. "I'm not denying anything, I was jealous." He stated naturally between laughs. "I just want you to admit you're feeling it now. You're jealous of Alice." "Fine." I mumbled, clearly upset. "But you have to admit that she's too loud." "OK, I'll give you that. She is loud." He was still smiling. "But she's also hot and beautiful, she's the best kiss I've ever had and she wants to fuck me." I pretended that everything he'd just described didn't affect me weirdly. "And you're desperate to lose your virginity." I said while rolling my eyes. "Sex is overrated. You shouldn't be so eager to have it. It's not all that." "I thought you didn't like sex with Kate. You told me with Angela it was pretty good." "Eh... It was good, but it wasn't amazing like everybody says." I shrugged. "I don't know, Jay, I don't see what the fuss is all about. With Kate it was horrible, I could barely finish every time we did it and I felt nothing with her. It was so… Mechanic. With Angela… It still didn't feel like something so mind blowing, but it was different, nice… Ish. I guess it was because there were feelings involved…" I shrugged again. "There are feelings involved between me and Alice…" He stated with certainty, and it made my chest constrict strangely. "You know how I feel about her…" His face was blushed. Holy fuck, he was really infatuated with the demon pixie. And I hated it so much I could vomit. I couldn't comprehend why his feeling involved with someone for the first time made me feel so uncomfortable… I was supposed to be happy for him. Well, I wasn't. But He was my best friend, and I wanted him to be happy so… I swallowed my discomfort and tried to be what I essentially was… Jay's best friend. "Just be yourself." I spoke controlling the distaste. "And try to be kind. She's a girl…" From hell "So, she's delicate." like a tazmanian demon "You're supposed to be patient and caring. Maybe it's better if you follow her lead, then you won't do anything she doesn't want you to. Oh, and don't worry about the premature ejaculation…" I said in a mocking tone. He looked at me with fear in his eyes. "It's pretty normal the first two or three times, they say…" "Did it happen to you?" He asked abruptly, kind of terrified. I refrained the urge to burst in loud laughs. "I didn't come the first five times…" I shrugged once more. " It was difficult for me to even keep my hard on with Kate, you know that. How could I have ejaculated prematurely?" "But with Angela?" He actually seemed a little desperate. "Nah…" I shook my head. "Never happened. It was easy to control. I think because I'd already had some experience." "Maybe it won't happen to me." His voice sounded questioning and he was clearly insecure. I couldn't hold off anymore, I laughed. I knew him well. "You're always horny, Jay. All you think about is sex, I doubt you'll last more than two minutes." I was still laughing, despite the anxiety that was trying to eat me alive. He punched me playfully on the shoulder and laughed a little. Then his face became serious, and his eyes were a little downcast. "Seriously, I really want it to be perfect, E." He said with solemnity, what caused another pinch inside my chest. "She's already experienced, so I need to be good. I want her to… Enjoy it, more than she did with James." I gritted my teeth, preventing the truth to come out. James, who supposedly was her ex-boyfriend but was actually her secret lover, wasn't the only one she was screwing with, that whore. But I couldn't tell him. If I did, it would tear his heart out and I couldn't hurt him. Of course I was choosing to hurt myself instead, with all the worry and guilt for letting him be deceived… Besides that, there was this… Pain, that was increasing with each proof of his undeniable infatuation for the slut imp, and that I was pretty sure would get worse… At least I was predicting it to get worse, since it was getting stronger in an uncontrollable pace. I didn't understand what was going on, but I knew something was happening to me in reaction to what was happening to Jasper. And it was terrifying me… "Just be yourself." I repeated, masking the alien agony I felt. "Let your feelings for her guide you." He nodded without looking at me, his face stern. I exhaled as silently as I could, trying to put some of the torment I felt out of my system. We hang out for two more hours, talking about other things, thank God. But I couldn't push away the growing affliction that was spreading through me like wildfire. By the time we were drifting apart in front of his house, my heart was so small I thought I would have a cardiac arrest or something. I'm not sure if he noticed anything, but I tried hard not to show. I arrived home, I took a shower, I got dressed, I laid down on my bed and fixed my gaze at the ceiling. Why am I feeling this way? Was the first question that popped into my mind. Why am I so distraught with it? I started to mull over the possibilities. And when I couldn't decide what was more likely to be the reason for my disturbance, I started questioning myself about my attitudes. OK, I don't want Jasper to get hurt. This is the basic reason. This is why I don't want him to be with that tramp. I reasoned. Why am I allowing her to have him? I shouldn't. I should tell him everything. He shouldn't be with someone that doesn't love him. I should protect him, this is my job. I sat, feeling abruptly determined. I can't be silent anymore. He has to know that she fools around with every guy that so much as look her way. He can't give her his innocence, she can't be the first, she doesn't deserve him. I felt like a force was using me, driving me to prevent