Summary: What happens to the mind of a certain elf when he pushes himself to far when still healing? This being finds out. Random fic for Teitho's Crime and Punishment. Disclaimer: If I was to own any thing, place or person from Tolkien's Middle Earth, I would be the happiest person in the whole of Arda!! But unfortunately, I do not – it's all the Professors. :) I'll be posting this on after this competition's winners have been announced, so feel free to review when I do! :) Enjoy the story, mellyn-nin. Twisting in his taut bonds cruelly tightened to minimise movement, the being let out a cry of helplessness, muffled by the cloth acting as a gag. He continued to try and free first his wrists tied behind his back as he forced himself up into a sitting position against the damp wall, eyes blazing with anger and frustration. With every movement, the ropes rubbed harshly against his wrists, and with a stamp from his tied feet, the being gave up and ceased his trying. With a resigned sigh, he closed his eyes and allowed his head to lean back on one of the four prison walls that surrounded him, his tousled yet still braided hair clinging to his face, courtesy of the perspiration that had formed during his efforts of trying to free himself. He had been awake for only half an hour. During that time, whilst he had struggled to try and free himself of his restraints, he had tried to work out where he was. And why. The last thing he remembered was being in his bedchamber, and yet the next second, he was waking up to find himself here…. That still does not answer my question as to why or how I got here. He squeezed his closed eyes in concentration as he tried desperately to remember, but, to his absolute annoyance, he found that he could not. Growling softly, he allowed his common sense to intervene, to try and work out the first and only thing he could do. Make out where he was. Opening his eyes, he glanced around the room trying to fathom where his prison was. To his annoyance again, there was little lighting, making it harder to work out where this dismal place was. Sitting on the floor, chained to one of the four walls gave him an easy view of all that was in the room. The walls were of a cold grey stone, echoing any sound that bounced off its walls – enough to make any inhabitant within it go mad. The room was tall enough for a fully grown man to stand and stretch his arms above his head, but the liquid gathering to the centre and dripping every few seconds onto the floor where it echoed was enough to stop any fully grown man from stretching – the liquid was hardly clean, or easy to identify. What ever it was, it was not water. As the dripping seemed to become louder and louder to the sharp ears of the prisoner, he licked his dry lips with his tongue, suddenly aware of how thirsty he was. He moistened his lips with the little saliva that formed in his mouth, but it was not enough. If anything, it made him thirstier. Trying to ignore the continuous dripping sound, the prisoner rolled his eyes and looked to the heavy door, inches of wood from a tree he may have perhaps once known, barring his way to freedom. Assuming I am able to break free of these Valar forsaken bonds, t he thought spoke in a sarcastic tone. How long the prisoner stayed there for was beyond him. Time seemed to have slowed right down, even for his standards. As each minute wore by, the liquid entering the prison through the ceiling was becoming thicker, and if possible louder. Drip. Drip. Drip. Drip. The prisoner clenched his jaw and began to grind his teeth. His patience was usually long lasting, and his resolve firm, but this? This ceaseless dripping that got only louder was torturous. Every drip seemed to knock away some of his composure, and pretty soon, that calm façade he was somehow holding together was going to crumble. Just as the being was contemplating moving himself so that he was beneath the liquid to cease the dripping sound, his blue eyes darted to the now in-motion shadows moving in the dense orange glow being emitted from beneath the thick door. Hoping that some questions may indeed be answered, the being felt his stomach do a flip in anticipation, as he finally managed to forget the dripping. The shadows below the door stopped moving for a second, before a muffled clatter was heard along with a high screech, followed by the low sound of something, or someone, falling to the ground in a heap. Silence followed, and for a few seconds, all the captive could here was hear was his breathing, and the dripping of the liquid. When nothing was heard for a few seconds more, the being relaxed his tense body slightly, thinking the thing, whatever it was, that was behind the door was gone. After hearing what he just had with his sharp ears, he was no longer to enthusiastic about seeing who his captors were. The next thing he heard made that comment all the more true. " One of ya maggots get down 'ere an' clean this filth up! I'm taking this scum up ta see Him." The being felt his eyes widen and his breath hitch in his throat in resentment as the rough voice of the orc behind the door spoke out. Orcs? In his home? How in the name of the Valar did they get in? And who was Him? That did not sound good. At all. The captive wriggled again as he tried in vain to release himself of his restraints, but the ropes just continued to burn and rub against his wrists and ankles. As he heard loud and heavy footsteps nearing the only object that was between he and the orc, the being ceased his trying and leant back against the damp trying, not wanting to give the orc the pleasure of knowing he had been struggling to escape. There were two loud footsteps, which stopped right by the door. The being could see the boots in the small gap under the door, blocking out the light. Keys were jangled together and forced roughly into the lock, which opened with a click. The being turned his head away from the now bright light filling the prison, as the orc stepped forwards with a villainous grin. The captive blinked a few times and met the dark eyes of the orc with intense blue ones, not wanting to give the orc satisfaction of looking away. " Nice ta finally see ya awake, elfy," the orc mocked in a harsh tone, making the elf cringe inwardly. Just how long have I been here? "The Master will see ya now. Stand up." The orc stomped to the middle of the room so that he was now directly beneath the dripping liquid, which ran down the face of the spawn of Mordor. A look of brief confusion flittered across the face of the elf, but he quickly concealed it as he found himself staring at the orcs face. The liquid, which had only minutes ago been runny, was now thicker, and seemed to be more oozing out of the ceiling rather than dripping. For some strange reason, he found it more repulsive than the creature before him, who was bearing his teeth, allowing the liquid to run across and into its mouth. The orc swallowed, making the elf feel sick. "Ge' up." But the elf remained exactly where he was, his eyes shining with fury. "Where am I?" he asked, his voice nearly betraying the full extent of his anger. The orc squinted its eyes and stomped up besides the elf, who looked up at the enemy towering above him. "Ge' up," it repeated, with a little less patience – assuming it had had any to begin with. The elf did not lower his stare, but continued to stare at the orc, making it feel uncomfortable under the scrutiny of the elf's gaze. It clenched its fists trying to intimidate its prisoner. When it found that it did not work, the orc lashed out with alarming speed for an orc. " Where a-" " Ge'. Up!" it yelled. With every syllable, the elf felt a hard kick to his ribs, making him gasp in unexpected pain as the steel booted foot of the orc made contact with his side. He immediately clenched his teeth together so not to let out another sound. He was not going to give any satisfaction to the creature above him. Trying to steady his breathing, the being momentarily closed his eyes to try and regain some of his composure. From the pain he felt in his chest when he breathed, he could tell he had just received some broken ribs. Breathing slowly, with his with his teeth grinding in pain and anger, the elf looked up and continued to stare out the orc, who once again narrowed its dark eyes in anger at his inability to frighten the elf before him. With a nasty grin, it went to retrieve something from behind it. The elf saw the small glint of light as the orc pulled out a small dagger, stained with the blood of its last victim, mingled with years of dirt. The elf's eyes widened slightly, and another small expression of fear flitted across his face, but he set his jaw and raised chin, his pride not allowing him to show open fear. With fast movement, almost too fast even for an orc, the creature bent down and arched its arm, cutting through the tight rope bonds around the prisoner's feet. The elf felt his heart miss a beat, as he waited for the pain from a deep wound to start stinging on his ankles, complete with the trickling feeling of blood. But, to his surprise, it did not come. " Now," the orc growled, as its eyes looked over the dagger pointing at the elf. "Are you going to stand up on you filthy legs, or am I going to have to drag you?" The elf blinked. The orc sounded well spoken… at least, more so than it had earlier. Allowing the initial shock of the way the orc was speaking to pass over, the elf snapped out of it and glared hard at the orc, still holding the dagger. He looked quickly at the dagger, and then back again at the orc. Should he risk kicking it or lashing out? In his anger and frustration of knowing why or where he was, it seemed like a good idea. And it would make him feel better. The orc smiled, sensing its prisoner's mental debate, and waited patiently. Try it, his eyes seemed to say. The elf locked his intense eyes with the orc, his mouth poised in disgust as he thought through his options. The door was open, and his legs were now free. Though, the orc held still the knife. Or, he thought, I could just wait and allow myself to be taken to his Master… perhaps then will I get the answers I seek? Deciding on what he should do, the elf bent his legs, and rose from the floor without the aid of his hands, allowing the feeling to come back to his ankles and feet where the blood circulation had been cut off due to the tight ropes. The orc looked disappointed to say the least at the lack of fight his elven prisoner had put up. The elf glared hard at the orc, his hands still tied behind his back, waiting for the way to be led. With a smirk, the orc