Maegovannen, all who read here! This story I have dedicated to Jaimie-Erin, who did an absolutely fantastic job beta-ing my first big fic called Forgotten Evil – thank you so much! You have no idea how much your beta-ing has helped me with my writing skills, mellon – I hope they show! big hug and smiles Disclaimer: I do not own any thing, person or object from Tolkien's Middle Earth. Unfortunately…. :'( I hope you all enjoy reading it! Translations. Estel – Aragorn's childhood name, meaning hope. Ada – father Mellon-nin – my friend Edain – men Hannon le – thank you Ooo----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----o----ooO A different kind of camping trip. Elrond gave a small sigh as he spoke to the two figures that were mounted on their steeds before him. "Please, try not to get yourselves captured, injured or caught up in a fight with orcs, trolls, wargs, goblins, or other men…" Aragorn opened his mouth to protest at these seemingly accusatory words, but Elrond raised a hand to silence him, as he continued in an exhausted voice. "Just for once can you please come back uninjured and safe? Else if it were possible for an elf to have grey hairs, then I fear I would be as grey as the hide of a mumakil." He paused and nodded his head in Legolas' direction. "And I fear so would your father." A small smile lifted on Legolas' face at these words but it went quickly as he resumed a straight face, though the amusement remained evident in his eyes. "I will keep an eye on this young man here, my Lord Elrond," Legolas said as he nodded his head towards Aragorn, whilst trying to ignore the rather harsh glare he was receiving. "And see to it that he does not run into any trouble." Elrond shook his head, a small smile also forming on his face. "Honestly you two, you are both as bad as one another, you attract trouble like honey would attract a bee!" He gave a sigh and his face turned serious. "Now go, before I change my mind. May the Valar protect you and please -" "- Stay safe," Aragorn and Legolas chorused back in a monotonous tone. Elrond gave them an approving smile before stepping back to give some room for the horses as they turned around. "See you in a day or two, ada!" Aragorn's voiced called out, as he and Legolas kicked their horses into a slow trot and so exiting the courtyard of Rivendell, leaving Elrond to stand there wondering whether or not it was a good idea to let them go so soon after their previous 'adventure'. When his elven hearing could no longer pick up the sounds of the horse hooves, Elrond turned with a sigh and made his way towards the main doors, heading leisurely towards the library. OoooOOOoooO Legolas and Aragorn had been riding in silence for about half an hour, just enjoying each other's company, until at last, Aragorn could keep his thoughts quiet no longer. "See that this young man does not run into any trouble?" he exclaimed in an incredulous voice. "Legolas, mellon-nin, I would argue that it is you who attracts the unwanted attention of orcs and other foul creatures like that that roam this Middle Earth!" Legolas gave a merry laugh that rang out into their woody surroundings, which was soon joined by Aragorn's. The day was a pleasant one, and the rays of the bright sun shining above their heads in the cloudless, blue sky left the hearts of all those beneath it merry and light. It did in fact make a pleasant change for the sun to be out. For the last few weeks, a storm had raged in the sky above, leaving the land below to act like a basin for its rain as the clouds had emptied their contents. Both Legolas and Aragorn had been out for a week or so and were returning to Rivendell when the storm had begun. The storm would not really have bothered them as much as it had done then, but the circumstances surrounding those few days had been different. A band of orcs had been brave enough to test their luck and wonder close to the border where the ranger and elf had been camping overnight. Despite the fact that they had been relatively close to the border anyway, (by about a league or two), the two friends had nevertheless both taken their weapons, though when they heard the orc call screech out loud in the middle of the night, the boldness of the orcs took them by surprise. The well-trained elven horses had fled the scene, returning to Rivendell rider-less, leaving Aragorn and Legolas to fight for their lives against fifteen or so orcs. Usually, orcs of this count would not have been too much of a problem for the two friends, but these orcs had been stealthy, taking them quickly by surprise. Both man and elf had managed to discard the orcs, but not without earning a few injuries themselves. Aragorn had been concussed and had managed to somehow twist his ankle, whilst Legolas had received a rather deep cut on the top of his arm. With the absence of their horses, the journey back had been interesting to say the least, and rather painful, for their supplies had abandoned them with the horses. To make matters even worse, the long brewing storm had decided to break open upon them, making the return journey interesting, painful and wet. After two days of journeying back, Elrond had sent out riders to search for the missing riders. After much bandaging and drinking of medicinal teas, Legolas and Aragorn had earned themselves a bit of a scolding from Elrond at leaving their guards down, but he was glad to have them both back and safe none-the-less. Two weeks later, Legolas and Aragorn had somehow managed to persuade Elrond to let them out on another camping trip, claiming that they had learnt their lesson. With much reluctance, and wondering as to why he agreed, Elrond relented in the end and given them permission, on the condition that both were to come back unharmed and with their horses. The water from the ford splashed around the hooves of their steeds as Legolas and Aragorn rode through the natural protection of Imladris, enjoying the feel of the sun on their backs and the sound of the refreshing water as the horses walked through. "So then," Aragorn called out to the elf that rode besides him. "What say you we head towards a new camping spot I have recently discovered?" Legolas looked at his friend and raised an eyebrow at the seemingly innocent question. "And when did you discover this one, Estel?" he asked in a slightly reproachful voice. Aragorn lazily closed his eyes at the heat being emitted from the sun and smiled. "Oh, it was a few weeks before you were due to arrive. Dan and Ro pointed it out to me before they left to head out with a patrol towards the Ettenmoors." Legolas frowned slightly, but smiled none-the-less. "So, by saying that Dan and Ro pointed it out to you, you did not really discover it, but were merely shown where it was." Amusement lined his voice. Aragorn opened an eye and gave a grin towards Legolas. "Ah, but my dear elven friend, Dan and Ro only pointed it out to me on a map, they did not mention whether they had or not been there before. So really," Aragorn paused and gave a wink. "I am about to discover it for real." Legolas let out a short laugh and shook his head at the young man's antiques. "So where is this undiscovered campsite that you speak of?" "On the west side of the Trollshaws, about…" Aragorn scratched his slightly whiskered chin absent-mindedly. "Say… forty to forty-five miles from here… give or take." Legolas nodded his head in response, but then gave Aragorn a questioning look. "What?" "Is it safe?" There was a pause as Aragorn quickly went over this in his mind. A few seconds later, Legolas was given his answer. "Yes. Yes it is." Again, Legolas resumed his questioning look, though this time his eyebrows were both raised to add to the effect. "What? It is safe! At least, it should be safer than our last trip…" Legolas gave a sigh and pulled his horses reins to a halt. "Is it going to involve you developing concussion and having to use me as your support for a twisted ankle, while I become almost delirious and unconscious courtesy of blood loss?" Aragorn also pulled his horses reins to a stop as he pondered on the answer for a minute. Twice he opened his mouth to answer, but snapped it shut immediately after. "No," he said slowly. "No. It will be safe. Ish." "Safe-ish?" "Out of harms way." Legolas gave a look of disbelief and took in a breath of air, which he exhaled slowly, as he kicked his horse into a trot, which developed into a canter. "Come on then," he called out to Aragorn behind him. "If it is near forty-five miles then we had best make a move whilst the day is young. It is going to take a good ten hours after all!" OoooOOOoooO With a frustrated sigh, Elrond shut his book with a snap and cast it on the table, unable to concentrate any longer. "I really should not have agreed to them camping out again so soon after last time," Elrond said warily, as he eyed his cup of herbal tea that was still steaming. Glorfindel stepped away from the balcony and sat in a chair opposite Elrond, who had begun to absent-mindedly stir his herbal tea with a spoon, although it did not need it. Usually, Imladris' library brought him peace and quiet as a little place to retreat too, but today, however, he found none of that. "Do not worry yourself, mellon-nin. The Valar can only test your nerve so much, and I think they have done enough so the past few years," Glorfindel reassured Elrond, whom had also given up stirring his tea. "This is Estel and Legolas we are talking about," Elrond said, his dark eyebrows raised. "Valar knows how Thranduil copes when they both go to Mirkwood - there is more danger there than here!" Glorfindel could not help but agree with those points. Somehow, Legolas and Aragorn nearly always managed to run into an enemy – and when the twins were with them… Valar, it was usually worse. Who, however, would not worry, though? But right now, Elrond also had the twins to worry about, for they were travelling to the Ettenmoors to deal with some trouble up there. Elrond was usually alright with this sort of thing, but over the past few months to a year, his worry over Aragorn's well-being had gotten worse, and he knew why. "Elrond, Estel is nineteen years old. Though he may still seem a child to all our eyes, he is considered an adult in the mortal world." Glorfindel paused for a second before resuming. "I think… that it would be better for you if you accepted that now, than in a few months time." Elrond froze and gave a deep sigh. In seven months time, he would have to break to Aragorn the details of his true lineage, give him the ring of Barahir, and watch as his mortal son would have to go and join the rangers. "I know," Elrond said softly. "I just worry for him…" "And many others do also, mellon-nin. If it eases your heart, I could take Asfaloth and follow Aragorn and Legolas to make sure that for once they will not come into harms way. They would not know of course." Elrond immediately felt his mood lighten up a bit at these words. "If you are sure, Glorfindel,"