Chapter One The wooden clock on the mantelpiece chimed softly. Noting the time, I slipped out of bed, unwilling to relinquish the cocoon of warmth, and slipped on my clothes in the scarce moonlight. My uncle snored softly in the corner, swathed in her thin blanket. I kissed him softly on the cheek. Crouching, I reached under the bed, letting my fingers touch the dusty floorboards blindly, searching for my leather bag. My fingers grasped the strap and I shouldered the pack. I unhooked my parka, a rare luxury in this part of the land, the name of which is Panem. Opening the door, the cold night wind seeped into my bones. I put my parka on, savouring the warmth. I shut the door as softly as I could, not wanting to disturb my uncle's peaceful sleep. When he wakes, all he worries about is me. But right now, his dreams are his focus. My focus isn't to sneak out in the dead of night or meet with my lover. It isn't to slip into the shadows and become a thief, either. I am a student. A school student. Now, you ask, what kind of school student goes to school in the middle of the night? I am part of the forbidden generation. You may remember that Katniss Everdeen was the Mockingjay, and struck against the Capitol, leading an army to give out freedom and relieve the people of the wretched Hunger Games. That was generations ago. Reign was peaceful for a few years, until that godforsaken tyrant took over. We didn't have a choice. Even though he didn't take over by force and weapons, the suspicious way that all his opponents fell by mysterious circumstances gave us enough information that if we didn't kneel and obey, woe befall us. So of course we had to obey. The dictator enforced a rule, when overpopulation threatened to dominate, that a family can only have one child, and every family must do so. This is because there are still too many hungry mouths to feed, too many complaints or pleads for more. We aren't replacing each of us enough, therefore, the population with gradually lessen. The 'Forbidden Child' rule was enforced strictly. Any family with more than one child was punished, and the 'forbidden' children were taken away and never seen again. Peacekeepers were paid well to check on families. Back then, when each family had about three 'forbidden children', they were taken away, but the dictator finally got sick of executing kids in his front yard. Maybe it put him off his food. But it's ridiculous, seeming that even with a smaller population than years ago, we still have plenty of people curling up and dying of starvation. But anyway, the tyrant is a keen historian. So of course, he knew about the Katniss-Everdeen-triumphed-over-the-Capitol thing. He also knew about the Hunger Games. So instead of seeing kids being shot to death in front of his face, he could now eat in enjoyment, watching the kids kill each other on live television. All this did was infuriate the families more because some kids in there were brothers and sisters to each other, forced to hack each other to death for gruesome enjoyment. The winner of that first round of the Hunger Games had to kill her brother, who told her to do so. The first thing she did when she got out of the arena was shoot herself, unable to take the shame. So now, the idea of sending kids to the Hunger Games is enough to repulse the parents into only having one kid. But there are some stories about things being lenient in the other districts, the ones closer to the Capitol. Some families can have two kids. But in here, District Twelve, there can be no such thing. Because, according to the Capitol, we aren't educated enough and can't afford to have more than one kid. But everyone knows the Capitol uses that as an excuse for the real reason. They're afraid of the outer districts. We could breed like rats and have enough people to overpower the Capitol. But the rule prevents us from doing so. That's probably the only thing stopping us from marching over to the tyrant's chamber and slitting his throat ourselves. I have two younger siblings. Twins. We all look like each other. Except for the clothes we wear. My clothes are shabby. Their clothes are colourful and crisp. My mother and father get by well enough. In fact, their house is big, with enough room and no cold wind manages to seep in at night. Unlike my aunt's hut, with the draught slipping through the gaps and holes. I don't exist. I have an older brother, Thomas. We're very close. He now works in the coal mine to support his wife, Sarah. She can't have a baby, and apparently there's medication that could help her get pregnant from the Capitol. But it's very expensive. Even as district twelve's nurse, she doesn't get paid enough. And my brother's job. Every day I pray that the coal mine doesn't become his grave. Too many people rely on him to live. People like me. Like Dad. Like his wife. And almost-son. My parents hid me from Peacekeepers. But I became too old to hide in the closet where I slept. My parents planned to give me to another couple with no kids. Then my mother got pregnant. Of course, this was forbidden. Her child would have to be aborted. She refused. So did my father. Eventually, the Peacekeepers were dragged into the argument and in the scuffle somehow, my father was injured. My parents were left alone, because the others thought that she only had one child: the one she was pregnant with. Knowing I was no longer safe in that district, my parents split up, my father pretended to be a widower and went back to the district he was born and raised in, raising me there as well. My brother, as soon as he was old enough, came as well, to help me care for my father as he became ill and bedridden. I became known as the daughter with no mother. The girl with the bedridden father. I grew up and was one day told that my mother were actually rich, with a house and I had two younger siblings, one boy, one girl. I live in district twelve, were almost everyone is poor. My other family lives in the Capitol. I don't like my mother. I hardly talk about her. According to my father, I had gotten my distinctive reddish hair from her. The roots of my hair are dark brown like my father's by it starts to get more auburn to the tips. Only in the sunlight, though. District twelve is too dark for colour to show. I have my father's olive skin- the colour of the seam. My eyes are also my mother's- green. In district twelve, I am not the only forbidden child. There are many others like me, lurking around in the shadows, fleeing when the head Peacekeeper, a cold-hearted person with the name of Manley, does his rounds. The others pity us. Maybe it's because we supply half of their food, wandering on the other side of the 'electrified' fence until we stumble upon a rich area of trees bearing fruits. When they search for us, there is no other place to go. Occasionally, a forbidden child would make a run for it, but they would be found on TV a couple of weeks later, as a silent Avox waiting behind one of the Capitol's rich bastards waiting for a command. Maybe all you could find of them are dried smithereens of blood and skin. If the cold doesn't kill them first. It's always a pain seeing someone you know ending up like that. On my way to the square, I darted behind houses, leap over fences, climb trees, scale the roofs and stick to thick patches of grass. I'm not supposed to exist, and I try hard not to. Random footsteps found by the head Peacekeeper will be immediately investigated. It will include another round of searching for forbidden kids. The others won't appreciate it, seeming that we spent a couple of days in the woods hiding from the head Peacekeeper only a week ago. I headed over to supposedly electric fence and find the hole cleverly hidden by a couple of berry bushes. I kept walking until I reach a fork in the track. I know which way to go. I've gone the same way for three years. The path is dotted with dead leaves, illuminated by moonlight. It's familiar surroundings. Still, I looked for the correct hollow log and found my weapons, still wrapped in waterproof material. I strapped the dagger and sheath to my waist, tied the sword and its sheath to the strap on my bag and strung the bow, placing the arrows in the bag. Weapons are illegal. But they are what is keeping me from starvation. Lose weapons, lose hope. I bring food home using them. The sword and dagger are my father's. The dagger is about ten inches long, wickedly sharp. The handle is wire-wrapped and has the picture of a dragon engraved near it. The tip is curved slightly, giving it a more sinister edge. The sword is about three-quarters of the length of my leg. The black-coloured wood handle fits perfectly in my hand. Both are weapons made of glimmering silver. If sold, they could bring me about half a year's worth of grain. But if I keep them, I can guarantee at least three squirrels every day. The bow is simple wood. The arrows are silver-tipped. A present from my father to my brother on his twelfth birthday. But because he's too busy working at the mines, he gave them to me. For two months, he spent every Sunday (the day he isn't working) teaching me how to shoot. I was only ten years old then. But now, at fifteen, I could shoot three squirrels through the neck with one arrow without trying. I don't bother with snares, when I can nail several animals with my dagger and arrows without even breaking a sweat. I heard a faint rustling and my arrow is aimed in the bushes in a quarter of a second. A curious creature, grey with floppy ears hopped out of the plant, staring quizzically at my arrow. I recognised it. It recognised me, too. The girl who kills her kin for food. Before it could spring back into the shadows, my arrow pins it in the eye mid-hop. Yippee. Breakfast. I wrapped the rabbit and placed it in my bag. The good thing about being poor: you appreciate what's put in front of you. I looked around, just in case someone was following me. Seeing and hearing nothing, I took a couple of steps forward but thought better of it. Manley's last lenient punishment was whipping a twelve-year-old boy ten times for stealing a small bite-sized piece of bread from the bakery bins. He'd been tough on dishing out punishments lately. Slinging my bow over my shoulder, I seized a branch of a nearby tree and scamper up like a monkey. I was good at getting fruits from the top of trees. Others, with their weight, would break the branches and their necks. I was thin and nimble. A light tread and lithe movement is needed to be a good hunter. I made my way to the meeting area by leaping from branches. I didn't even shake a leaf. Meetings are unpredictable, but there are always a couple every week. There is no pattern, so people watching would struggle to catch us out. Every meeting, someone is chosen to be the caller. The caller has the responsibility of setting out a time and place for the lessons. Also, when we meet up at