I looked around, nearly bouncing out of my shoes while we waited. The day had just begun and I knew right away it was going to be one that seemed to be of those ones that drag on forever. I wasn't the only one thinking that either. From the faces of everyone else my age I could tell a few things; half were excited, less were nearly falling asleep standing, and then there were the ones that cried. It was the first day of school in district 12, and it didn't matter to me if I was back at the bakery or here in this cold, overcrowded square. I just wanted to run around- but my father's hand kept me tethered to one spot. Maybe it would be better if I could talk to Delly or someone, but we were waiting. Just waiting… Frustrated, I kicked the hard ground, watching as the dust flew out in puffs of dirt. One rock clattered against the ground and skidded into the closest group of people. The community home kids. "Peeta," my father whispered, with a tug of the hand. He had a smile on his face, but there was something sad about it. He never really smiled like Joey or Alek, my brothers- they weren't what you would call balls of sunshine themselves, but you absolutely knew when they were happy. "See that little girl?" What one? I looked around trying to follow his finger, but I couldn't see past Ben Weekes, a tall, skinny boy, and some other children from the community home. My mother told me once that he and his father used to live a few houses down, and that we played together a few times. But ever since Mr. Weekes got sick, and Ben went to live in the home, I hadn't seen him since. Now the only way I remembered him was by his emaciated limbs and sunken cheeks. "No." Dad picks me up, and puts me on his shoulders. He must really have been excited. "Okay… Now, see the little girl with her hair braided in the red dress?" "Yeah…" It was hard to miss her. She looked like a lot of other kids from the Seam, but her dress was really bright. It must be something about girls, and how they like to get dressed up and all, but you didn't see bright colors too much. Mama didn't care what I wore because she said it would end up with dust and flour on it anyway- so I never really noticed that everyone wears cool colors. She looked pretty. "Her name is Katniss Everdeen." What a weird name … "When I was younger, I wanted to marry her mother. She was very pretty and nice-" it felt like unlike your mother was implied "-but she ran away with a coal miner." "A coal miner? Why?" It didn't make sense to me. Mama said they were the ones who went without food; the ones we'd find picking through our garbage at night. She also it would be better if the peacekeepers did their job and cleaned up our district, but then there wouldn't be anyone left. "Why did she want a coal miner if she could've had you?" Dad chuckled. I could feel my own body wobbling as he shook with laughter. "Well, you see that man there?" He nodded in their direction again. "Her father is very special. Because when he sings…even the birds stop to listen." He laughed again, but as that last note hung in the air, I could feel his shoulders scrunching up underneath me. Was it really just his voice? I kept wondering. Even though that was dad's excuse, I didn't think that was entirely all. The girl's father was smiling widely at his daughter- maybe trying to keep her awake- and it lit up his entire face. He looked happier than most. Besides, I never heard of birds stopping just to listen to one person. "Okay, then." Dad sighed deeply, patting my leg. "I guess it's time for you to get down now. We're just about to go in." He didn't talk much after that. Not as we walked inside with the other families, or when the teachers came to greet everyone. Only a short goodbye and I was by myself. It wasn't so bad really. After all the parents left, there were about two hundred of us all together. I found Delly and we started talking to some of the others in our class. Then, when she had to go to her own seat far away from mine, I was left with two boys from the Seam, Eban Davies and Rhett Sullivan- he would be chosen as a tribute at the age of fifteen. They looked just like that girl; dark brown hair, grey eyes, olive skin. They were skinnier than the rest of us, too. I wondered if she and her mother looked that skinny up close. I only got a quick look at her and her father, but it didn't seem that way. The teacher walked up to the head of the room, tapping a microphone quickly before she spoke. We were going to start music class. "Does anyone here know the valley song?" she asked cheerfully, and looked around, starting at the right side- dad taught me about left and right, two months before when we were baking a pie in honor of Joey's first reaping. Then her eyes widened. "Oh! You there." I looked over to see her hand lower, and then be escorted to the front of the room where the placed the girl on a stool. There was a blush to her cheeks as she began to fiddle with the ends of her braid. "Would you like to sing it for us?" She nodded, and began right away- the woman near fell out of her dress shoes, trying to get the mic up to the girl's mouth in time. Deep in the meadow, under the willow A bed of grass, a soft green pillow Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes And when again they open, the sun will rise. All I could remember was what my father told me about the miner. When he sings…even the birds stop to listen. That still might not have been real, but I bet if there were birds hear, you wouldn't have noticed them… Here it's safe, here it's warm Here the daisies guard you from every harm Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you. The room began to fill with applause for the girl with the golden voice, but she just stood there smiling softly. This time she played with the folds of her red dress. You could tell she was proud of herself. "That was lovely, sweetheart. Can you tell us your name?" the teacher said, touching her back. "Katniss Everdeen." "Happy Hunger Games!" It's here again. I don't mean the eccentric, little woman with the pink hair. Nope. Just the annual reaping. It goes without saying that today will soon be the second worst day of two families' lives- the first being the day they watch their children butchered on live television. "And may the odds be ever in your favor!" the announcer continues in a high-pitched squeak. Effie Trinket comes from the Capitol, so most of us feel sick in our stomachs at the sight of her, and not because she looks ridiculous. When she first showed up in district 12 today, it was bad enough in her bright green dress, but now she looks as if Haymitch Abernathy, our only drunken disgrace of a victor, shifted her hair over a bit during a wrestling match that was supposed to be a hug. Only Haymitch can barely stand on his own- let alone present himself with dignity- so why she didn't expect something bad to happen is beyond me. You can tell she's embarrassed, but that makes it all the better for us. "I'd like to thank the many men and women of district twelve for the hospitality. It's such an honor to be part of festivities with each and every one of you," she says convincingly- except there's no one stupid enough to believe it. " Oh , I bet," Eban mutters just loud enough for everyone in a five foot distance to hear. We shouldn't be talking, let alone laughing right now, but the nervousness making our heads feel light as air makes it difficult to keep our priorities straight. "I don't see why she wouldn't." "And to get things started- ladies first!" Effie says cheerfully, as though having your name chosen is a joyous occasion. I wonder what the people in the Capitol think of this part- sad, exciting, or just like watching animals in district 10, lining up for slaughter. Her hand reaches into the bowl and plucks out a single piece of paper. I feel bad for the girl already, and just hope it isn't someone I know. District 12 has only had two victors in seventy-three years, and since Haymitch became a mentor, it wasn't surprising the last twenty some years hasn't produced any more. "Primrose Everdeen." …Yup. I know her… How could I not? Not only is she Katniss' sister, but a twelve year old. A twelve year old! And what are the odds of that happening? I suppose she could have opted for the tessare, but that just didn't seem right. Most families who had one child submitting, would most likely have the others sign up for extra rations as well, but even more than their struggle to stay alive, it's hard to miss Katniss' affection for her sister. She would never let Primrose sign up more than she was required to. One out of nearly three thousand slips. The odds are definitely not in her favor. "Bad bit of luck for them, right?" the boy on my other side remarks. Kellen Reid. Sometimes I talk to him at school. "My mom told me they just got over losing their dad. Now the little one?" "Yeah. The older one would've had at least a fighting chance," another behind me says. I don't look at his face though, because quite frankly I wouldn't put it past me to hit them. "Hey, I got an idea. How 'bout we all shut up, hm?" Eban says. He gives a meaningful glare to everyone in our area, and then catches my gaze. He nods solemnly and looks ahead. You grow up hearing about the history of Panem and the Hunger Games- the Quarter Quells are particularly crueler version of the annual televised slaughtering that occur every twenty five years. Haymitch won the second, where there were twice as many competitors than usual. The first required each district to vote for their own sacrifices. I know a district 1 boy won that year, but his names slip my memory. Having people start talking like that again about their friends and neighbors is just sick. It's one of the ways you never forget how much the Capitol really controls us. Though, I shouldn't get mad at them, I guess. Even I thought about it. Maybe in a place like district 1 or 2 where it isn't a secret their tributes are trained fighters, a twelve year old girl would have a chance at survival- I doubt they ever had to have someone that young participate. But she lives here, and with Haymitch…yeah. There's no coming back to district 12 alive. I tell myself that's why I can't help it as I look over at her. Katniss has to be frozen in shock. Everyone knows she loves her little sister more than anything, and she isn't the only one. My dad even likes the little blonde haired, blue eyed girl. A few times, he said he wouldn't have minded having daughters if they were like kind and pretty