~*~*~*~*~*~ Borderlines ~*~*~*~*~*~ Disclaimer: LOTR is not mine… though I'd like some of the characters to be *drools* Warnings: very mild slashiness, possible OOCness, slight AU Pairings: Haldir/Faramir A/N: I blame Gemi for this one XD Cursive stands for Elvish , as I'm not a big fan of whole conversations written out in real Elvish. There may be people who speak it fluently, but hey… I'm sure it is not a MAJOR part of the slash fanfiction readers, and checking every other sentence's meaning in the footnotes is a bother. So except generally known stuff like 'my friend', cursive is Elvish ~*~*~*~*~*~ The traveler pulled up his cloak tighter around him as he entered the forest, trying his best to not disturb the profound silence that enveloped the first trees of this sacred place. He hadn't known where exactly his trip would take him and if he weren't on the kind of journey he was, he would even feel excited. At that moment, his mind was still disturbed by the news of his brother's supposed death. Faramir couldn't believe it – even though deep down he knew it was the truth, that Boromir was no longer present in the land of the living… it was too terrifying to accept easily. So he had taken a horse and a few supplies, and stormed off into the night, hoping to understand where and how his brother had come to his end. He needed to know – needed to see places only Boromir had seen, for his own sake, and also for Boromir's… Faramir knew that if Boromir had lived through the war, he would've wanted to take Faramir to all the foreign places he had seen, show him all the miracles he had witnessed. And seeing as he was now deprived of that right… Faramir just had to go and see for himself. See the places his brother saw… see the bank of river Anduin where Boromir had died. See it all with his own eyes so he could finally draw a line and believe that his brother was gone from his life forever. Faramir's eyes stung and his foot slipped. He had left his horse in Rivendell when he was there, because he wanted to travel as Boromir had, by foot, taking the longer route no matter the fact that it wasn't very safe. Stray orcs were still wandering the lands of Middle-Earth, barely a few months after the last battle, and Faramir had met a few, killing every single one. Usually he would feel too sorry for creatures like that, who lost their purpose in life and wandered aimlessly, searching for food where they could. Usually, he would spare their lives – but he couldn't now. In every orc he saw the murderer of his brother, death of Boromir… and he couldn't restrain himself as he drew his sword and killed the creatures, weakened by their loss, with almost animalistic fervor. He had gone barely a hundred feet into the forest when a tip of an arrow appeared in front of his eyes, immediately joined by three others. Faramir looked up, not even daring to guess how many elves were still hidden in the trees, pointing their arrows at him. " I bring you good tidings," he greeted the one closest to him with his best Elvish accent, and he could see the merciless look on the blonde Elf's face melt a little – mostly from surprise, about that Faramir had no illusions. They would shoot him without hesitation if he showed any sign of being dangerous, no matter how fluent he would be in their language. "What is it you seek in Golden Woods, human?" one elf asked sharply and Faramir deemed it appropriate to raise his hands in a gesture of peace. "I am making a journey to honor my brother's memory. Maybe you have heard of him. His name is… was Boromir, son of Denethor." The elf looked quite skeptical and Faramir could see that they did not believe him, but before he could say more, another voice echoed through the forest, deeper and softer than the first elf's. "I knew your brother, Faramir of Gondor." Faramir couldn't help but stare when an elf stepped in front of him, his bow already down. His pale skin shone even in the dim light that filtered through the thick leaves and his eyes bore deep down to Faramir's soul as if the elf could read his intentions like an open book. It left Faramir feeling naked, bare under the elf's gaze, but he didn't dare speak again. It felt like he didn't even have to, because the elf nodded to one of the others and all the arrows suddenly disappeared. His dark eyes never left Faramir's face, and the man suddenly felt very small against these elves, some, if not all, of them millennia old and millennia wise. "And- I can tell you this: what you seek is not what you shall find here," the elf spoke slowly and Faramir's heart clenched as if the elf had bewitched it. He never saw such perfection in any other being, no other man or elf, and his soul yearned to stay in this creature's presence for a little longer. " I do apologize for my insolence, but I ask for permission to enter Lothlorien," Faramir tried Elvish once more, and was granted only a raised eyebrow. " Knowing the words does not change your heart," the elf answered, and Faramir's eyes widened. "What do you mean…?" "You hold too much hatred in your heart, Faramir of Gondor," the elf replied, seemingly undisturbed by what he was saying. Faramir, on the other hand, trembled at his words. Hatred… no. He was never one to hold grudges, not even as a child. That was always Boromir, getting so passionate about the smallest things… Faramir shook his head. "Surely you must be mistaken." "I wish I were," the elf smirked, and there was so much superiority in his beautiful face that Faramir's throat tightened. He already knew the outcome, even before the elf spoke it out loud. "You are not allowed the entry to Golden Woods." "But…" "Do not push your luck, son of Gondor. You were not harmed only out of respect for the memory of your brother. I wish you safe journey back home." The elf turned to leave and Faramir took a step forward instinctively, raising his hand to stop him. The tips of all the arrows were practically shoved in his face immediately and the elf looked at him with a small smirk on his full lips. "Yes?" Faramir took a deep breath. He couldn't leave now. He was so close… already in Lothlorien, even if only on its borders… too close to just give up. It would be another failure in his life, something Boromir had managed and he couldn't. No… after he had learned of his father's death, Faramir had sworn to himself to never fail again. To begin anew, without restraining himself, never disappointing those who depended on him. If he didn't manage to do even this simple journey… if he returned home now… it would just bring back the life he had been trying to forget. " I will not leave," he spoke firmly, and the surprise in the elf's eyes filled him with mild satisfaction. "What did you say?" "I will not leave. You can banish me from Golden Woods, but I will not leave these borders until I am granted the permission to enter." The elf's full lips quirked into a sneer again, and Faramir could hear soft chuckles around him, but he didn't back down, his expression as fierce as in a battle he could not allow himself to lose. "Suit yourself, Faramir of Gondor. You shall die of old age before you are allowed to see Caras Galadhon." He turned to leave and this time, they all disappeared before Faramir could even try and stop them. The forest was immersed in threatening silence and Faramir's heart was beating like mad in his chest. He didn't dare step further into the forest – he knew that the elf was telling the truth and he wasn't harmed only because of Boromir's memory. Should he step beyond the invisible line, he would be killed without a second thought. The elven lands were not ruled by the laws of men, and the Steward of Gondor was just an ordinary human here. With a sigh, Faramir retreated to the edge of the forest and sat under a large tree, leaning against its trunk and closing his eyes. He had nothing else to do… and it was more than probable that the elf was also not lying about how he would sooner become an old man than be granted entry. He took out his sword and started sharpening it, thinking about the hatred that was supposed to be in his heart. He didn't understand that… could the elf mean his father…? Was it possible that Faramir still had not forgiven him for the way he had treated him… or Boromir? Could the elf mean the slight tinge of jealousy that colored every feeling Faramir had for his brother…? He shook his head – no. He had respected and loved Boromir to the extent that far outweighed jealousy or sense of unfairness. As for his father… Faramir had long given up on that part of his memories, so even now, with the night falling on the borders of Lorien, he didn't allow himself to mull over the old wounds. He lay down on the mossy ground and closed his eyes, covering himself with his cloak and with hope that the rulers of the Golden Woods wouldn't leave the Steward of Gondor sleep at their gates for more than a night. ~*~*~*~*~*~ It was two days later that he realized the elf guard might have spoken the complete, terrible truth. No one had bothered to come and get Faramir, no one even approached him, though with his senses of a man who spent years guarding Ithilien, he knew that they were there. It wasn't like he heard rustling of leaves or cracking of dry twigs – the forest was as quiet as a forest could possibly be, the only sounds caused by the wind or small animals (which Faramir had come to appreciate when his supplies of food ran out). But he felt presence and watchful eyes from time to time. The guards were probably checking if he had given up already. On his third night out, he decided that just sleeping under a tree wasn't a very good idea, and walked around the edge of the forest, trying to find a better place to stay. He found a creek with clear, sweet water and not far from it a giant tree with roots old, thick and raised above the ground to such height that they had created a small cavern, protected from rain and wind. Sleeping in there proved to be far more comfortable and so, Faramir's greatest enemy was boredom. During the first few days, he sharpened his weapons, made some basic arrows to hunt down his dinner and kept on looking towards the depths of the forest, hoping for someone to come and get him. But the hope started to weaken over the course of days, and what was left was discomfort and restlessness. Faramir wasn't used to idling around all day. He had been a busy man since he had been old enough to take up arms and go out protect his city. Even in Ithilien, where days passed mostly peacefully, there was always something to do, someone to talk to. Here, it was just silence, him and his own thoughts, and that wasn't good. Here, he had enough time to think about what he had left back home: Gondor that didn't actually need him anymore as it had its rightful ruler, Ithilien which had been