I thought I'd throw y'all a bone. Actually I just realized I never published this on my personal page... So here it is. I'm just going to put all the edited things I have my google docs because I'm that kind of girl. Daph did beta this, but don't blame her for this monstrosity either... Enjoy. Or don't, I'm not your mama. These characters don't belong to me, but the plot does and I apologize in advance for that. Spin. Tippy-toe dance. Does this make my butt look too big shimmy? Shake the girls in the bra to push them up. With a huff, Bella disappears back into her closet to remove yet another offending garment. The carpeted floor of her walk-in closet becomes less noticeable with every dress Bella removes from her body. Another hanger screeches across the metal bar as she looks for her next victim. The loud whine from her best friend, who is draped haphazardly across Bella's unmade bed, is this first thing in an hour to break her routine. She'd been doing the same song and dance for so long, she almost forgot that Alice had come over to help her get ready. What Alice was really there for was to drink all her wine and tell Bella she was pretty. Basically, the only two things best friends were good for—at least one that has lasted as long as theirs had. Alice has been the only constant Bella could ever keep in her life, but if she doesn't stop her screeching, Bella might reconsider their over thirty-year-long friendship. Bella sheepishly pokes her head out of her closest door. "What?" they both ask at the same time. "What do you mean what?" Bella asks. "What do you mean what?" Alice mocks. "You're drunk." "You're boring." "You're a late bloomer, and you wished you had my tits." "You might be right, but you're also going to be late." "You're still drunk. You owe me another bottle of wine. That one cost over fifty bucks and," Bella says as she walks over and grabs the bottle from the nightstand, "you've drained it like some kind of vampire." Picking up a discarded pillow from the floor, she flings it at Alice. "I hope you have explosive diarrhea. Well, after you make it home at least." Alice's cackling is barely muffled by the downy pillow that was just lobbed at her head. "Mmmmmmfffff … mffffmmmm…" Alice doesn't even have the will to remove the pillow. "What was that?" "I said 'put it on my tab,' witch!" Alice shrieks, tossing the pillow at Bella's retreating form, barely missing the lamp sitting on the dresser. The pillow smacks against Bella's back shoving her slightly forward. Bella's hands wildly flail, searching for the door jamb to her closet to keep her from face-planting on the floor. "Ooo la la. Is that what you've finally decided to wear?" Alice asks, and Bella turns to look at her long-time friend whose eyes are hooded and glassy. She's even wagging her eyebrows with her suggestive question. "No." "No, what?" Alice asks, confused. Bella runs and launches herself onto the mattress. Alice's small frame bounces on the bed ,and springs squeak against Bella's weight. She lands within inches of her best friend. "No, I'm not wearing this ." She motions to her torso clad in sexy, red lingerie she picked up earlier in the week from her favorite shop. "Well, I'm not just wearing this. I can't figure out what to wear." The last sentence comes out as more of a whine than Bella meant for it to. "Oh, easy peasy. The navy one with the lacy top and three-quarter-length sleeves." Alice grins and waves her hand as if brandishing some fairy godmother wand. "Make your next question harder." "But—" Alice's bony pointer finger presses against Bella's lips, silencing her. "The only butt tonight is this juicy thang." Alice removes her hand from Bella's face and emphasises her point by smacking the butt of her best friend's retreating form. "Get it get it girrrrllllll." Swack. "Ooh. I didn't even notice that," Alice says excitedly as she pops up on all fours. "I see yo booty crack though all that bondage type stuff you got on the back of them drawers." "Alice, once again, you're drunk. Please leave." "Oh whatever. You secretly wish I'd be here when you got back with your date." "I'm sure Jasper wouldn't enjoy knowing his wife was participating in a threesome he wasn't a member of. I'm telling him to come get your lush tail when his shift is over." Her: Your wife's hitting on me again, please come get her. I can't keep letting her down easy. Soon, I may have to give into her feminine wiles. Him: When? Her: Now would be great. Him: Don't start w/out me. Her: You wish. Her: Alice probably does. She's drunk and down for anything. Him: May b I can talk hr in2anal. B in 20. Her: TMI Please get home before you try. Her: Consider putting down a towel. She'll probably get wine squirts. The conversation with her best friend's spouse has Bella so distracted that she runs into the open door of her closet. "Jasper wants anal!" Bella shouts from inside her closet. "Maybe I'll pretend to want it back and then poop on him." "That sounds like some kind of fetish." "It's only a fetish if we end up liking it," she yells as she wobbles off to the bathroom. "I'm 'bout to break the seal. I'm gonna have to pee all night!" Bella loves her best friend, but some days she considers replacing her. If it didn't take so long to break in a new best friend, she just might start looking. Who's she kidding? She'd never replace Alice—not that she ever could. Alice was there when she got her first period and her first crush. They went to college together and even got married in the same chapel in Vegas together. Well, not together-together, but they had a double wedding. Alice married Jasper—the love of her life. Bella settled. She got wrapped up in the moment … and booze. Too bad it took ten years to figure out she had made a mistake. If ten years wasn't enough years to give a man she didn't love, Bella gave away five more feeling sorry for herself. They were friends; they should have been able to make it work. Jake found someone he wanted to make it work more with. He found his love and left her. Now was the time for her to quit moping and 'let the coochie free.' Those were Alice's words to her just last week when she asked what Bella's Valentine's Day plans were. Obviously, sitting at home in her fat pants, drinking all the wine in her house, and eating the complimentary chocolates her boss gave her don't count as plans —at least not to Alice. So here Bella is, stuffing herself into another dress and trying to figure out what to wear on this blind date Alice arranged. "I hate this commercialized holiday, Alice. Why are you doing this to me? I thought you looovvvvvved me." "I do love you, that's why I'm trying to get you laid. You need a sperm donor. Your clock is ticking, mamacita, and your eggs are going to dry up." Annoyed, Bella replies,"If I wanted just anyone to father my children, I'd go to a sperm bank. I want love, Alice. Real love. Love that makes me float and fills me to the brim with excitement every time I see him." "Sounds like gas to me," Alice interrupts. "You know what I mean." Bella finally comes around the corner and stands in the doorway of the bathroom. "I spent too long faking it with Jake. He's happy—I want to be too." "I know, belly boo boo. I want you to be happy too. That's why I set you up with James. Even if you can't find love, at least you can get some good sex out of the deal." She cackles as she finishes her business and flushes the pot. Spinning around to face Bella, she lets out a wolf whistle. "Ay caramba, you're a sexy lady. If only I had a penis, I'd show you a good time." She wobbles slowly to the door and inches past Bella. "Personally, I'd lose the bra. You look like a hooker." Bella doesn't even want to argue anymore, so she just removes the piece of lace Alice finds so offensive. Tossing the bra back into her dresser, she turns and curtsies her best friend. "Better now?" Alice nods, then both women put their shoes on and collect the things they need for the night. Bella pulls on her peacoat, and Alice flops on the couch. "Please don't have sex on my couch when Jasper gets here." "I'll try to restrain myself until we get to the vehicle," Alice responds, winking at Bella. At least Bella thinks she winked at her; she could be about to completely pass out. No one's fault but her own—she shouldn't have drank all my wine , Bella thinks to herself. Hopefully, Alice vomit on her new couch. Bella would make Alice clean it up later. Out the door she goes to meet James . Bella starts to get hopeful as she opens the taxi door. She's been alone so long, hopefully Alice found her a good guy. Street lights blur past as her ride picks up speed, and for a short while she imagines a handsome man sweeping her off her feet and falling in love for real. -s-{ The neon numbers read 12 o'clock on the old clock radio beside his bed. Boston's More Than a Feeling plays loudly before he reaches over and lightly taps the button to turn off the alarm. He hates to wake up this late, but the life of a night patrolman calls for it. Life still moves on and Edward wants to live his life as normal as possible, so he likes to pretend that it's seven in the morning. Grabbing his glasses, he finally gets out of the bed. His co-workers keep telling him to get lasik, that his glasses hinder him at his job. Nothing ever happens on the night shift, so he does like he always does when his co-workers try to "de-geekify" him. He's only twenty-four and fully capable of finding a woman on his own. Just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't make him a loser. Edward wants someone who appreciates him and loves him for who he is, in the meantime, he has his hobbies. He unplugs his phone from the charger while scrolling through lists on his phone and turns on his Get Pumped playlist and goes to his in-home gym. For an hour he switches from bouncing on a yoga ball to pulling on resistance bands, his sweat bands hardly dampen from sweat. "Ah great workout," he says to an empty room as his stomach roars to life. "Okay, buddy, I'm working on it," Edward address his flat stomach and idly wonders why he doesn't have abs yet. Edward eats a full breakfast every morning; his mom told him it was the most important meal of the day. Mama is always right, so he busies himself with the making of an omelette, bacon, toast, and a full glass of 2% milk. The rest of his day is spent dusting his Star Wars collection. He barely has time to put his Spider Man comics in date order rather than the alphabetical order he once thought was a good idea. Edward has to rush through his shower, making sure he rubs conditioner into the thick curls on his chest. His parents' genetics might have cursed him with a hairy chest, but at least Edward keeps it soft with daily conditioning and frequent hot oil treatments. Turning off the faucet and getting out of