This was my entry for the Bad Boys of Twilight contest. My silly little story won me the First Time Offender Award. Thanks to all who voted. I do plan to extend this story, but I'm a slow go at this writing thing. I want to have it complete before I start posting the rest because I know me. I get distracted easily and I don't want to stall bad between updates. I have to give my undying love to my beta Daphodill Fic because without her Edward would have looked like a bumbling adolescent. Thank you Daph for putting up with my crap and dealing with my crazy. I do not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. What I do own is a terrible sense of humor and a tendency to spell words like I'm British. No copyright infringement was intended. The old hinges squawk in complaint as the screen door opens. She is in there somewhere; I catch a whiff of fresh biscuits and lingering smell of fried chicken. "Ma, where are ya?" "Back here in the bedroom," she says in a voice so quiet I almost don't hear her. Walking at a slow pace down the hallway, I look at the old school pictures on the wall, and a sense of nostalgia washes over me. Every few days I try to come over and visit, but I never come back here. Sometimes I stay with her, but my room is in the other direction. Most of the time I only stop off in the kitchen just to check on her or let her feed me. She is always trying to give me food, usually waving something fried or baked in my face. Different day, same complaint: "You're way too skinny. I got to put a little weight on ya if ya ever hope to find ya a woman worth somethin'." I never resist 'cause I can't cook worth a lick. I snort when I come to the family portrait she had us take together back when she first married my step dad. What a farce. Daddy died when I was five, and she was quick to find a replacement. No one could ever replace what Daddy was to me, despite the short time I was able to spend with him. Daddy was always taking me to sporting events, movies, roller skating, or any other thing a five-year-old boy would want to do with his dad. Life came to a screeching halt one day when he was driving back home from work. There was a terrible ice storm that had started before he could get home. Daddy's car skidded off the overpass of the Tocowana River, just two miles from our house. Now I have Carl. He's a sorry replacement for what I'd lost in the chilled, frozen-over Tocowana River. Daddy was a planner. So, Carl must have figured Ma was due a large life insurance policy. Plus, everyone knew we Masen's weren't hurtin' for money to begin with; my daddy had been a well-known attorney. Carl had started sniffing around a few months after Daddy died. He wooed and schmoozed Ma, and she fell for his charms hook, line, and sinker. At first, everything was great. Carl played catch and took me for ice cream. He made Ma believe he was daddy material up until I graduated high school. I reckon more than a decade of playing house wore on poor ole Carl; his true colors showed when I left for college. Carl is a sorry, no good drunk who needed a paycheck and a warm body to stick his pecker in. Esme Masen is his cash cow. So, when his prized heifer doesn't cooperate, he never hesitates to remind her who is the one showing her off. I could have … should have … gone to Daddy's Alma Mater. I settled for Vanderbilt University instead; it's in the top twenty law schools, but it's not Yale. A degree from Vanderbilt would do and I was never more than a thirty minute drive from the house. I didn't—don't—trust Carl. Who knows what junk he pulls when I'm not here. Once, I caught him grabbing on Ma, yelling not even inches from her face. Reckon he likes to get handsy when he's had a bit too much to drink, but he won't pull much if he knows I'm nearby. The bedroom door is ajar, so I walk in. The room is as disheveled as my poor mother. On a normal day she's one of those women without a hair out of place. Ma never lets the old biddies in town see her sweat. She never leaves the house without her face on and hair done; at home, she has always been just as flawless, but without the airs. Now, here she is with the collar loose around her neck, and her hair ruffled. Tear tracks mar the thick coat of makeup she wears but doesn't need. Ma's voice cracks when she tries to speak, but before she can get a word out I hear a motor rev. I snarl as she shoves me in the closet. "Carl can't see ya. I gotta rid of him," she whisper-yells, pushing me between her dresses and slamming the door in my face. I breathe in hairspray and White Diamonds, and am wistful until I realize where I am—tangled up in the costumes of the woman she pretends to be. The junk she uses to fit in with the other high-society women who don't know what goes on behind the closed doors of Esme Cullen's white Antebellum home. Brakes whine while gravel crunches under the tires. I swear his douche mobile audibly groans from his abrupt stop. Leaning my head against the inside of the closet, I listen to his door slam and feet pound on the front porch. Twenty-five. The number of staggered steps he takes to get from the front door to their bedroom. Carl opens the door with such force the closet rattles when the knob strikes the wall. He reeks of Jack, sweat, and smoke ... must be too drunk to notice, or too drunk to care that my truck is in the yard. Even at his worst, if he realized I was here, he'd be on his way back out the door like the coward he truly is. The yelling starts. Not long after, the springs of their expensive mattress protest their weight. Buttons pop and fabric rips. Twenty-five. The number of groans from the springs. Twenty-five. What I keep counting to trying to block out what I see and hear through the slats of the closet door. Twenty-five. The breaths I take in order to tamp down the rage boiling in the pit of my stomach. The closet door comes off its hinges as I burst from my hiding spot. Fury bubbles inside of me like I have never felt before. Ma works her facade a little too well. I knew things hadn't been great between them, but everything is much worse than I could ever fathom. I could only assume Carl was acting out physically. That is why I stayed close, just in case. I never had concrete evidence until today. Just because he's married to her, doesn't mean no quit meaning no. Nausea rolls and bile rises in the back of my throat when I take in the scene in front of me. I swallow it back before I actually vomit on Ma's high-dollar Persian rug. Carl falls to the floor, getting hemmed up in his pants after I pull him off of Ma. He's struggling with his clothes behind me, but right now my mother is my only concern. My voice has left me, and I am almost unable croak out a whispered, "Ma," before she is silencing me with her fingers against my lips. "It's okay," she whispers as if lying out loud will make the statement true. Bruises are forming at her neck, and her naked breasts show through torn fabric. This is anything but okay. The clanking of Carl's belt buckle pulls my attention from my mother. He leers at the two of us and gives a suggestive wag of his eyebrows before he slips out the door. Twenty-five steps and Carl is back in his truck, flinging gravel. I should have killed him right then. I should have wrung Carl's neck. Instead, he tried to wring hers. I all but run out to my old, red rust bucket of a truck. Rowanda, my Ford pickup, is as old as the dirt clinging to her tires. Despite her age, she always gets me where I need to go. This time, I need to go to the Tocowana River. Carl likes to visit the riverside and fish. Fishin' is code for: get drunk as ole Cooter Brown and passing out in the driver's seat of his truck. Parking beside Carl's truck, I step out on the red clay mud that graces each side of the river. I stomp his way, hollering, "Carl, don'cha think maybe ya should pick on someone your own size for a change?" The only clue I get he is aware of my presence is him flinching when I slam the truck's door. He glances over his shoulder at me. "Ya ain't quite my type, pretty boy. Too skinny." He winks at me. "How'd ya enjoy the show?" he says, slurring slightly as he heaves himself out of his lawn chair to toe the water's edge. "Maybe if ya had different plumbing ya could have joined in on our fun." The same fingers that just choked my mother tighten the cap back onto his bottle of whiskey, which he then he slips into his breast pocket. By the time I make my way to him, his shoulders are bobbing from laughter and he loses his footing on the slick, red clay. The chilled Tocowana waters catch him when he lands on his hands and knees. My vision is white hot as icy water splash my cheek from Carl's fall. Next thing I know, I'm fisting blond hair at his crown and dragging him deeper into the river with his legs flailing behind us. His head bobs. Once. Twice. The third time I hold him under until he goes limp. I never gave much thought to how it would feel killing a man. If someone had asked me any other day if would kill someone, I'd say naw. If there were ever a time, though, I would do what needs to be done. Now was one of those times, I reckon. I laugh out loud when I pull Carl out of the water to look at him one last time. Even if he were able to stand tall right now I would be a head taller than him. I pull the Jack from Carl's pocket and take a swig. I sloppily wipe off the lip of the bottle and slip it back into the front pocket of his plaid, cutoff shirt, before dropping him back into the water. Sloshing my way to the shore, I try to shake off the water clinging to my ankles and boots. Some might say I'm being reckless, but the moment he laid his hands on my mama, I quit caring. Rowanda takes me back into town. Rowanda understands me. But like any other woman, she's mouthing her distaste in me. The poor ole broad coughs and sputters the whole drive home. I try to not stress her out too much, so I drive slow. Plus, I like to enjoy the scenery from time to time. Tocowana is beautiful in the late evening, where the day slowly surrenders to the fight of the night. The sun, she shines, but even she has to rest. Her warm rays are replaced by the glow of a full moon and the chill of a soft breeze. The aroma of fresh cut grass is replaced with the overwhelming