Percy rapped on the door of Cabin Six and leant on the frame, studying the owl etched into the wood above the door. He was comparing the stony expression of the owl to the naturally-haughty face of its creator when the door was swiftly opened revealing a 14-year-old boy of medium build with brown hair and a neutral expression. It may have been just Percy, but he thought Malcolm's face became slightly more guarded at his presence on the other side of the door. "Oh hey, Malcolm," Percy looked past Malcolm's slightly narrowed grey eyes into the open room behind him. "I was looking for Annabeth, is she in?" Before Percy could step into the room, Malcolm not-so-subtly blocked the entrance by leaning against the door frame. "Yeah, she's here." Percy nodded and waited for Malcolm to step aside so he could enter. When Malcolm remained blocking the doorway, Percy raised his eyebrows expectantly - and with a little exasperation, if he was going to be honest. Malcolm rolled his eyes and continued, "Can I take a message?" Percy internally scoffed but took a half-step back in surrender and said, "Uh - yeah, I'm here to take her to breakfast so if you could just let her know, that'd be great." Malcolm narrowed his eyes and crossed his arms, probably at an attempt to appear intimidating despite the 6-inch height difference, at least, in Percy's favour. "Is that it?" Malcolm asked. Percy forced a smile, "Yeah." With one last apprehensive glance, Malcolm closed the door in his face causing Percy to jerk back to avoid getting a handful of wood smashed in his face. He glanced up once more to the haughty owl carving above the door frame and muttered to himself, "Must be genetic". Turning to face the camp, Percy rolled his eyes as he leant on the banister. Like seriously, out of all the dangers he had faced (falling into the depths of Tartarus for one) he wasn't exactly quaking in his sneakers at the mere sight of Annabeth's lanky half-brother. Percy squinted into the light of the rising sun from across the Sound as he observed the everyday morning routine of the camp. Of course, what wasn't so every day was the presence of the Romans camping out on the strawberry fields and the reconstruction-in-progress which seemed to cover most of the camp. Despite the mid-to-early morning hour, the main area of the camp was already bustling with activity: demi-gods moving every which way carrying planks, buckets, medical supplies, blankets and various tools; the satyrs and fauns were assisting Tyson and his other Cyclops friends with the reconstruction of the Big House, under Chiron's close supervision; even the nature spirits were banding with the children of Demeter and Ceres to regrow the jagged forest line. It warmed Percy's heart to see the Romans and the Greeks finally cooperating together, after all the work of the Seven, with the addition of Reyna, Nico and Coach Hedge, to restore Athena's sacred statue; to accomplish peace. Percy waved to Jason as he crossed the active courtyard, on his way to Cabin Thirteen. Over the past couple of days with no sign of Leo, Percy could tell that Jason still blamed himself for Leo's death because of that one stupid prophecy, even though all the others had attempted to convince him that no one could have stopped Leo from carrying out his plan. Although Percy could understand why Leo would confide in Frank and Hazel only, he still felt saddened that so few knew of the brave son of Hephaestus' final stand until now. As he watched some of the late stragglers packing up tents and supplies over in the strawberry fields, Percy was reminded that Jason, Frank and Hazel would be returning to Camp Jupiter later that afternoon. He had warned Jason that uniting the gods would not be an easy task; which Percy should know, considering he had attempted it just the summer before, with minor success. However, Jason remained optimistic and confident that he would achieve the near-impossible task he had chosen and Percy was glad that he would have strong leaders such as Reyna, Frank and Hazel to help him. Percy had witnessed the very beginning of Frank and Hazel's relationship and he was relieved that time had only strengthened their bond with each other. Much like his relationship with Annabeth . . . Percy turned as he heard the door behind him open once more and couldn't help but grin as Annabeth rushed out in dark-wash denim jeans and her orange Camp Half-Blood T-shirt, still yelling goodbyes to her siblings. "- later Annie! Don't forget you're tutoring Macy at nine!" Annabeth walked up to him, not skipping a beat as she continued to talk a-mile-a-minute and gesturing wildly with her hands, "Sorry you had to wait so long, I was getting dressed and then Maggie, one of my younger siblings, couldn't find her calculator and started crying," calculator , really?! , Percy thought, "and Kenny really needs to learn when to take a break from his algebra because he gets really frustrated and highly strung when the letters start jumping around on the page and -" Annabeth stopped to breathe as she held up her hands and squeezed her eyes shut. She fisted her hands and exhaled in one big breath, opening her eyes, "Ugh, not even important." Annabeth finally looked up at him and smiled, one of her true smiles that lit up his world, before pulling him in for a chaste kiss. Percy's slow brain finally caught up to return the gesture before she pulled away, a soft smile gracing her perfect lips. "Hi," she said. Percy's smile widened, subconsciously wondering when got so incredibly whipped by this woman, "Hi," he replied. They stared at each other for a few moments, simply enjoying a quiet moment alone - minus the whining demi-gods - and Percy pondered how Annabeth's quick transition from frantic to rambling to calm to best-girlfriend-ever mode didn't give her emotional whiplash. Before, Percy's thoughts drifted too far from the present he snapped back to the current moment and remembered the reason he was here. He smiled brightly at Annabeth who was giving him her what's-going-on-in-your-seaweed-brain face. "Breakfast?" he asked, before she could over analyse his pensiveness. Annabeth smiled and reached for his hand, "Breakfast." Together, they ambled across the lawn, more than content to just relax and revel in the idea that there was no rush. Since the defeat of Gaia, it was like they had been set free. Late night watches had given way to 10 pm campfires, fighting practice to banter over who got to eat the last piece of bacon, and sleepless nights battling anxiety and nightmares to peaceful naps in the sunshine listening to the calming tide. Apart from their efforts to rebuild the camp, there hadn't been much discussion about future plans. Everyone was just happy to have some peaceful moments to quietly rest, recover and grieve. "I was talking to Will," Annabeth was saying, "and he said that patients are recovering and some have been moved into other cabins but space is still minimal and staff has been running low, especially since we had to give Connor and Travis a reprieve after they stink bombed someone's sleeping bag. I was hoping to ask Chiron today whether some of the patients could set up camp in the Big House, just until the campers start going home next week." "I can't believe the summer's almost over," Percy mused. "I mean, we've barely been here." "We were busy, what with saving the world and restoring the peace. Again," Annabeth added. "I guess it's time to start thinking about what will happen next. Of course, the camp will have to be restored and negotiations about inter-camp activities with Reyna and Frank, but then we'll have to start thinking about school and college and - " Percy trailed off as a sudden thought occurred to him which stopped him in his tracks. Annabeth turned around when their linked arms prevented her from walking any further. When she saw Percy just standing still with a look of dumb realisation on his face, Annabeth couldn't help her natural problem-solving instincts from kicking in, causing her body to become instantly alert as she scanned the space. When no danger became apparent, Annabeth turned back to Percy, who looked as though the nerve cells in his brain were working on overload. "What? What's wrong?" Annabeth pressed, staring in concern as Percy's face turned slowly towards her with a sparkle in his eyes. "Remember when we were on the Argo II, on the way to Athens from the Doors of Death, and we were talking about our future?" Annabeth's face started to lose its look of concern as realisation took over, no doubt she remembered that conversation well. "You told me to ask you again when it was all over." Percy stopped there, unsure of what to say next but it turns out that further specification was not necessary; Annabeth had read his mind as per usual. "Yes, I've been thinking about that quite a lot actually," Annabeth said, as she suddenly became quite interested in her shoes, a slight pinkish hue overtaking her cheeks. Percy's stomach flipped a little at the thought of Annabeth considering their future. Together. "Oh, you have, have you?" Percy teased her gently. Annabeth shrugged nonchalantly, playing along as she stared at their entwined hands. "I was just thinking that, since we're seniors now and" - she cleared her throat - "kinda off the hook after this summer, I was thinking that we could go back to Manhattan together, finish up with school." Here, Annabeth paused and looked up at him, lips twitching as if to prevent herself from smiling, "Then I was thinking that we could go back to Camp Jupiter for college. Reyna was saying that they offer some great courses in architecture and I'm sure there'll be something that you like." Annabeth paused as she studied his face intently, uncertainty clouding her beautiful stormy grey eyes. Percy's mouth had fallen open in surprise as his brain scrambled to come up with a coherent sentence to express the jubilation that was spreading through his veins. It was very similar to the feeling when he submerged himself in the ocean and he was aware of the energy flowing through his bloodstream, waking up every single nerve in his body. Unfortunately, despite this internal revelation, the only thing that managed to escape Percy's mouth was a strangled noise that sounded a bit like, "ughngd." Concerned by Percy's lack of enthusiastic response, Annabeth decided to prompt him, "What do you think?" Gazing down at Annabeth's hopeful, timid smile, Percy's river of emotions broke the banks and exploded in a rush of movement and noise. He let out a loud shout of joy, startling a passerby to the point where he dropped his bucket of paint. But Percy didn't care as his mouth stretched into a wide smile and he wrapped his arms around Annabeth. She let out a squeal of surprise as he lifted her off her feet and swung her around. "Percccy!" she yelped as he held her tighter, refusing to put her down. Caught up in his elation, Percy failed to notice the dizziness overtaking his body until he pitched backwards, stumbling into a passing satyr carrying several buckets filled with water. Annabeth squealed as they fell sideways, crashing onto the ground, closely followed by the upturned buckets leaving them soaked to the bone. Well . . . Annabeth was soaked but Percy had automatically stopped himself from getting wet. However, as they struggled into an upright position, rubbing the sore spots on their heads, Annabeth raised her eyebrow at Percy's dry state. He gave her sheepish grin before drawing all the water droplets from her hair and clothes, bringing it together to form a watery sphere and dropping