A note about capitalization: Apparently Tolkien was as confused about what to capitalize as I am. (He'd have "hobbits" in one line, and "Hobbits" in the next.) I chose to treat most things as common words, except in those places were the context suggested otherwise. This story is book-based. Well, probably. Chains "Legolas, step forward." He did, moving deliberately to the center of the cavern hidden deep in the lower recesses of Henneth Annun, lit only by flickering torchlight. Dark, damp, and ancient was how this place felt to the elf. He disliked being underground, the weight of untold tons of rock and earth suspended above him, the walls leaning over him, but he was here nonetheless. He could leave, he knew, but would never be allowed to return. "Remove your clothes." Still showing the outward confidence all elves seemed to possess, he stripped off shoes, belt, tunic and leggings, and, after an almost imperceptible hesitation, his softer undergarments. He stood revealed in the shifting light, glowing faintly himself, a being of purity and radiance trapped in the amber illumination. Even his golden hair seemed to rival the flames. Ten men stood around him, not one failing to appreciate the sight of such wild beauty, though only two had the perceptiveness to read the woodland being's increasing unease. "Kneel." This was harder. Nudity was unremarkable among elves, and it was not overly difficult for them to tolerate or even dwell below ground when circumstances dictated, as within his father's palace, but to kneel before strangers was an intimate gesture of submission which did not come easily. Even before lord and king, protocol demanded the supplicant bend but one knee. Both knees lessened dignity and sapped strength, spoke of implied inferiority and need. The soft dirt of the cavern floor was little consolation. One of the men came forward and whispered softly in the elven archer's ear: "You need not do this. The Firstborn submit to no one." "And if I do not? Will you think me craven?" Sharp words told of his anxiety, for elves are nothing if not gracious. "I will do what is necessary; earn my place as any other. Do you think it beyond me?" Golden head lifted, blue eyes flashed, challenging the man to deny it. "Nay, of course not." The figure sighed, ran a hand through his midnight hair, pulled something dark from his belt. "Do you trust me, Legolas?" This was important. The ritual depended upon it, could not proceed without the elf's unconditional faith. "I will go no further in the face of your doubt." Legolas closed his eyes and dipped his head briefly, whether in impatience or apprehension was unclear, then nodded once. "Aye, I have trusted you from whence I first looked upon you." With a gentle smile, Faramir proceeded to secure the blindfold, plunging the Wood-elf into even greater darkness. Five days ago, Legolas had been traveling through the forest, jumping from branch to branch, laughing with his escort, heading towards the newly-constructed home of Ithilien's first prince. He knew Faramir only in passing, but was already impressed with the depth of his learning, his perceptiveness, his inner strength and quiet compassion. Few men could attract the attention of the Eldar in such a way; Aragorn, of course, and one or two of his rangers. Prince Imrahil was an interesting man, and there had been something of Theoden that made one look again, but Faramir was special. Perhaps it was his tragic upbringing, the loss of his brother, of his father's love even before that, or the untimely death of his mother in early childhood. Or perhaps simply growing up in the shadow of Mordor. So much pain and loss. Instead of turning him bitter as it would so many, it seemed rather to have tempered his soul as finely wrought mithril; delicate, yet deceptively strong. Legolas decided he would like to know more of him. He found the King in attendance when he arrived, visiting his steward, he said, but all knew he was really just escaping the stifling heat of the city in midsummer. Not without cause was Ithilien called the Garden of Gondor. No matter; Legolas was happy to see both men, one an old friend, the other simply a friend about whom there was much to discover. The more Legolas observed Faramir, the more fascinated he was by him. Black hair, grey eyes, the same basic physical form as his kin to the north, tall, without bulk, but not thin either. He took after his father, they said, in intellect and book learning, and in his ability to see into the hearts of others. Strange then that Boromir, who by all accounts was surprisingly little like his father, should be the favored one. Perhaps, as the heir-apparent, Denethor thought to invest more of himself in his oldest, but it made little sense to neglect the younger son so completely. Accidents were not uncommon, the 'spare' almost as likely to rule as the first in line. And word had it Denethor's neglect was not only long-term, but even occasionally abusive. It was clear Legolas understood little of the ways of Men. To elves, all children were precious. The evening was pleasantly spent retelling their various parts in the Ring War, the triumphant conclusion of which Faramir had most grievously missed. The Steward was particularly interested in the Fellowship's interludes among the Elves. He could not hear enough of the Lady Galadriel, whose name was not unknown in Minas Tirith, nor the house of Elrond. What was it like coming of age in the Hidden Valley? Was it the Peredhil sons who taught him swordplay? Did he really know Glorfindel the Balrog-slayer? Why was Lothlorien called the Golden Wood? What of the Elven-rings of power, now that the One was destroyed? Oh, he'd seen many lordly and noble elves at Aragorn's wedding, of course, but was so over-awed, he'd been unable to take much advantage of the great opportunity presented at that time. Aye, the Lady of Light was indeed magnificent (although privately he agreed with Eomer that the Lady Arwen was more beautiful); Elrond's wisdom shone from his brow as a beacon, his sons standing behind him like avatars of the Valar; and Celeborn, deep and mysterious, watched gravely as his granddaughter gave herself to a mortal king. It was a time out of legend, and deeply intimidating to one who had always lived in the shadow of his oft-celebrated brother. But now, in this intimate little gathering of royalty, was his opportunity to discover what his reticence had denied him earlier. When he had exhausted all that lay within the Fellowship's journey, he turned then to Mirkwood, an elven realm little spoken of these past centuries. Thranduil's reputation was both terrible and great, almost as if the men of the South could not decide whether to revere or vilify him. It was known that to ride beyond the Gladden Fields was to invite death, although whether this was due to the Elven-king or the various inhabitants of Dol Guldur was never made clear. Legolas took some time detailing the wonders of his home, how the Wood-elves had fought a ceaseless war with unsleeping evil to keep at least the northern reaches clean and bright, and how his father fought the forces of Mordor, Easterlings and Orcs, at the same time the Dark Lord struck with even greater malice upon Rohan and Gondor. Had it not been necessary for Sauron to fight both Lorien and Mirkwood, it is unlikely the world of Men would have survived, despite the Ringbearer's best efforts. It was on the second day, while the friends were taking a late dinner and speculating on what a glorious future might now be dawning, that the messenger came. He bowed briefly to the king and his lord's elven guest, then begged Faramir for a moment alone. It was not long before their host returned. "My Lords, a matter has arisen which requires my immediate attention. I will be gone some days, but please continue to enjoy my hospitality as long as you wish." Despite his words, Faramir looked more upset than contrite, prompting the king to ask if there was anything they could do. "It is a Ranger matter, Sire. We generally keep such things between ourselves." Aragorn frowned. "I would know what transpires within my kingdom. And I am a ranger, albeit from a different 'house,' if you will." "Aye, but Lord Legolas is not. This is a thing for Men." Faramir look apologetically to Legolas as he spoke, not wanting to offend his new friend, but knowing his own followers would not allow an outsider to witness their inner mysteries. Legolas tried to stifle the sudden disappointment and sense of rejection he felt. He was surprised by the strength of his own feelings. Of what importance was this ranger matter to him? He could feel Aragorn's knowing eyes upon him and resisted the urge to scowl in response. Aragorn had seen his old friend's interest in Denethor's youngest son and could now tell that despite Faramir's visible discomfort, the elf still felt somewhat snubbed anyway. After spending a great deal of his adulthood being considered little more than a puppy by his adoptive family, especially his brothers, he couldn't help feeling slightly smug. Aye, my friend, we have secrets, too. Faramir easily sensed the prince's affront. It saddened him to think this affair might now come between them. The Elf was wondrous beyond the young man's wildest imaginings. Many hours had he spent reading in his father's library, dreaming of the Fair Folk, of discussing ancient lore and the history of his own people with beings who had actually borne witness, but now what had just begun might be lost already and Faramir did not know how to warm the sudden chill he felt in the air. Reluctantly, he allowed the king to draw him off into a corner for a quiet word. Legolas left to check on his horse, which was quite well of course, but any excuse would do. "Be not dismayed, my Steward, for Legolas is young among his kind and quick to feel the sting of exclusion." Aragorn smiled sympathetically. "I think perhaps he wishes to know you better and sees this as a barrier, both to your newly-forged friendship and his desire to share the burdens of leadership with you." "But what can I do? My men would object strongly to one of the uninitiated at our trials. The man in question would be humiliated." The king pondered this a moment before meeting the grey eyes. "You expect, do you not, to allow King Thranduil's only son to share in the rule of Ithilien?" At Faramir's quick nod, he continued, "Then it would be wise to grant him access to all matters within its borders. It is inevitable as time goes by, perhaps sooner rather than later, the doings of Men and those of Elves will touch upon one another, even conflict." Aragorn tilted his head admonishingly. "It will fall upon you both to work together to resolve these issues." "But, Sire," Faramir began anxiously, "my men…." With a wave of his hand, Aragorn cut him off. "Aye, well I know the hidebound secrecy of rangers! There is but one thing for it -- you shall have to initiate him yourself." It was fortunate the northern ranger was somewhat mature in years else he should have been unable to hide his amusement at his steward's suddenly purple tinge. Or was it green? Long was it since the men of Gondor had dealt with any other race save orcs. The other Free Peoples of Middle-earth were the fables of olden times, or at the very least inhabitants of far-off places not likely to intrude upon the affairs of men. But how that had all changed! The new king had marched into the White City with an Elf and a