Round 3 of QLFC! As Chaser 2, I chose to write about a truth that is accidentally found out. Optional prompts listed below. And judge, as always, if you need proof of my word count, just let me know. I'm at 2968 this time. 7. (quote) "You don't have to live forever. You just have to live." – Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting 10. (word) wither 15. (food) cantaloupe Lily Evans knew she was a very fortunate young witch; she had a wonderful boyfriend, and she had friends who had only teased her a little bit when she had finally given up on denying her feelings for said boyfriend However, she was also very stupid, she told herself irritably, as she examined yet another cutting of Ithacan Ivy—a less dangerous relative of Devil's Snare—and measured its growth relative to its position on the moonlit shelf it occupied. Professor Sprout had encouraged Lily to pursue the N.E.W.T. in Herbology, and Lily had been thrilled by her support—but now she was regretting taking on the optional research portion of the coursework, which had occupied nearly all of her Friday nights this term. "Come on, little one," she muttered, poking at the base of a plant whose leaves were starting to wither. "You don't have to live forever, you just have to live…well, long enough for me to pass this N.E.W.T. Deal?" The ivy seemed to droop a little more in response. As she checked her notes from the previous weekend, Lily sighed. Perhaps Professor Sprout would have some ideas on better ways to facilitate the plants' growth in moonlight. Unlike Devil's Snare, Ithacan Ivy supposedly grew best and yielded the most valuable sap when exposed to limited amounts of light. Lily's research project was meant to demonstrate that moonlight was the most effective method of nurturing the plants, but she was having very little luck in actually proving it. Deciding to call it a night, Lily packed up her bag and ensured that the lock was on the greenhouse door before heading out across the moonlit grounds. She glanced up at the windows of Gryffindor Tower and wondered if James was still awake. Tugging her cloak more snugly around her shoulders, Lily picked up her pace across the frosty lawn. It couldn't be too late, she thought, for Hagrid's cabin windows were still glowing warm and yellow in the distance. She smiled at the prospect of seeing James—and then her attention was drawn by a strange noise coming from somewhere down by the lake. It was almost like a dog whining. Lily frowned. Was the creature in danger, or had it been hurt in the forest? She looked towards the lake again, where, she realized, she could now see a shadowy mass sprawled on the ground. Lily bit her lip; should she run and fetch the gamekeeper? It wasn't as though she was out-of-bounds without permission, and she knew that Hagrid would never get her in trouble just for trying to help a wounded creature. The dog gave another high-pitched howl, and Lily decided. She rushed forward in the direction of the lake, deciding that, as long as the wounded animal wasn't in immediate danger, she could run for Hagrid once she had seen it for herself. She kept her eyes trained on the shadowy form that was moving on the edge of the lake as she jogged towards it. It went very still as she approached, and then, suddenly—there were two shadowy shapes. One, slightly smaller, peeled away from the other—and Lily realized she was looking at two dogs. She stopped, about twenty feet away from the dogs, confused. "What—?" Suddenly, the smaller dog—though this was saying something, as it was easily the size of her mother's St. Bernard, though jet-black—began to snarl and snap at Lily, baring long white teeth and growling ferociously. She backed away quickly, stumbling over the hem of her robes—and then gasped. The other creature, which she had taken for a dog, was rising onto hind legs—and Lily knew it was not a dog at all. The werewolf was bleeding from a slash on its right shoulder and collarbone, and it looked furious. Lily gasped, unable to believe what she was seeing. Paralyzed with fear, she couldn't take another step away as the werewolf began to bear down on her, its fangs dripping with saliva, its eyes locked on her. The enormous black dog was now barking madly and leaping against its chest, snapping its jaws and nipping at the werewolf— Lily unfroze, then, and she began to run, as fast as she could, her bag swinging wildly behind her. She could hear the wolf's howl as it gave chase, feel the enormous pounding feet just behind her. A tree root suddenly appeared from nowhere, and Lily sprawled on the ground, feeling her hands scrape on the gravelly earth. "No!" Lily screamed, throwing her arms in front of her face just as the shadow of the werewolf caught up to her— Then came the sound of pounding hooves, and a crunching thud, like two bodies connecting. Lily uncurled from her protective ball just long enough to see yet another bizarre sight—a stag, a large, beautiful buck, had rammed sideways into the werewolf, shoving it off of its trajectory towards Lily. She gasped, but then realized she was being dragged away from the fight by something that had seized the collar of her robes. The black dog, growling as it went, hauled her halfway up the slope to the castle, and then ran around to face her, barking and snarling ferociously. It was trying to protect her, Lily realized suddenly. It barked again when she did not get up, and snapped at her ankles, trying to make her move more quickly. Lily jumped up at once and, her bag now dangling by one strap, began to run. She heard the dog running towards the werewolf and the stag, who were still chasing each other about the edge of the lake. She sprinted to the castle doors and ran inside, slamming them securely behind her. Lily did not sleep that night; she didn't much fancy waking anybody—least of all James, who would only worry—with her fantastical story, and so after cleaning herself up, she lay in bed until dawn approached. When the other girls in the dormitory began rising, Lily pretended she was just waking up as well, though she knew she looked a mess. All she had to do, she told herself, was make it through the Hogsmeade trip today with James and continue behaving as though everything was normal. Then, perhaps, she could get some sleep. After she dressed, she descended the steps of the girls' dormitory to the Gryffindor common room, looking around for James and his friends. She spotted them seated in the most comfortable chairs by the fire—well, three of them. Sirius and Peter sat on either side of James, all three of them leaned forward in a hushed conversation. "Morning," said Lily, approaching timidly, so that they wouldn't think she was eavesdropping. All three looked up together, each wearing identical expressions of mingled discomfort and surprise. "Hey, Evans," said James, with an attempt at ease. Lily narrowed her eyes. "Since when have you called me that? And where—where's Remus? Isn't he coming?" The response to this question was strange—three mumbled explanations about illness, or perhaps about Lupin's mother's illness. Lily frowned more deeply. "What's going on with you?" she asked suspiciously. Sirius and James exchanged a look, like they were trying to figure out how to answer her; Peter simply stared intently down at the hearthrug. "Nothing," said James decisively, standing up and approaching her. He gave her a brief kiss. "We just found out Remus isn't feeling well, so we were talking about dropping by the hospital wing before we left." "We aren't going to do it," said Sirius, getting up as well and tugging Peter's arm so that he followed suit. "He'll be out by the time we're back. We can just get him something while we're in Hogsmeade." "Are you s—?" Lily began, but Peter interrupted. "Lily? Will you help me pick out dress robes, like you did with James?" "She's not your girlfriend," Sirius snorted. "Why don't you go and see if Prudence Muggs is available?" James laughed, and Peter flushed, grinning anyway. Talking over the others, Lily said loftily, "Of course I will, Peter." "What, you're not going to be our adult supervision at Honeydukes?" James grinned, draping his arm around her shoulders. Lily felt suddenly better with James's arm around her; she flicked his temple with her fingernail before kissing his cheek. "Urgh, no public displays of affection, please," groaned Sirius, rising from his armchair. "C'mon, Wormy, let's go…" "Those nicknames," Lily scoffed, shaking her head as she and James followed Peter and Sirius through the portrait hole, their arms entwined around one another's waists. "Are you ever going to tell me how you got them? What are you, again? Forks?" "It's Prongs," said James, with affected injury in his tone. From up ahead, Sirius gave a wild laugh and yelled, "It's Forks now, mate! Ha!" The day was cool and clear, with just a thin haze of white clouds in the sky. Hogsmeade was brimming over with excited Hogwarts students—many of them third years, on their first weekend out—as Lily, James, Peter, and Sirius made their way along the high street. Halloween decorations hung in every window they passed. True to Lily's word, they dropped by Dervish and Banges for Peter's robes, and then all five of them loaded their pockets with sweets in Honeydukes—there was a new cantaloupe flavor of Fizzing Whizbee, of which Lily purchased several dozen. Although Lily had visited Hogsmeade many times, of course—at first, with Severus, and then with Mary, Anna, Hestia, and Helene, when she and Severus had stopped speaking—she had never had the experience of visiting it with James Potter and his gang—minus one. It had taken a long time, but no one was happier than Lily with the way she had finally warmed to James, and to his friends. After nearly three months of dating, she had gained an appreciation not only for the four boys she'd spent the last six years trying so hard to ignore, but also for their deep-running friendship and confidences. Somehow, in all their years together at Hogwarts, she'd never considered that any of them was capable of having a real friendship beyond the pranks they pulled and the trouble they got into. In fact, at this point, it was only Remus—whom Lily had hoped fruitlessly to learn more about when they'd both been made prefects in fifth year—who had not yet relaxed around Lily. He wasn't mean or unfriendly, exactly. He was polite, of course, but his standoffishness was now particularly stark next to James's 'perfect boyfriend' behavior, Sirius's constant 'one-of-us' ribbing, and Peter's unflinching fondness and attachment. Actually, had she had a good night's sleep, she might have been concerned that Remus's absence had more to do with her presence than any illness. As it was, she was too tired to worry about it. Their little group next headed to the post office, where Lily had an owl to send. Letting go of James's hand, she wandered off down an aisle to find an appropriate owl to deliver a note to her mother, while the boys waited for her by the newsstand. Lily selected an older barn owl with a reduced rate for its slower speed, and paid at the front desk. At the exact moment she was putting away her change, a burst of laughter came from the front of the post office. Grinning in spite of her tiredness, Lily headed in the direction of James's voice. "Bunch of idiots," Sirius scoffed, just as Lily approached. She could see his back; he was flanked by James and Peter on either side, and they appeared to be looking at a copy