Hi! Here's my round 2 story for QLFC. I had to set my story at Durmstrang, and I used these optional prompts: 2. (quote) 'Freedom is still the most radical idea of all.' — Nathaniel Branden 8. (dialogue) "If you leave now, you get nothing." 11. (style) letter-fic Thanks to My Dear Professor McGonagall and Shirekat for Beta-ing. Also, to my judge, I swear it's under 3000 words, it's just a high count because of the AN/line breaks. Please let me know if you'd like proof! Astrid Lund was an unfortunate girl. She'd always been told so, from the time she was small and it became clear that she had inherited her father's heavy jaw and thick eyebrows, as well as his heavyset frame. Her misfortune blanketed not only herself, but her family, too: her father, she was sure, blamed her for her mother's death just two months after giving birth to Astrid; her stepmother simply refused Astrid's help in the kitchen after too many clumsy fires and near-poisonings. Astrid was a bad luck charm, and everyone knew it—though none of them could ever, ever have anticipated just how close to death her bad luck would extend. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Dear Astrid, I am writing to let you know of a matter we were unable to discuss before your return to school. Unfortunately, we will not be able to host you for the winter holidays. I am writing you well in advance so that you may have time to plan, should you wish to find a friend and visit with them. Have a pleasant term, and your father wishes me to add that he hopes your journey to Durmstrang was pleasant. Your stepmother, Marta Lund XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Astrid kept her brown hair short, but just long enough to dangle in front of her face, and walked through the corridors of Castle Durmstrang with her head down, the better to avoid catching anyone's eye and hearing their whispered taunts. After five years, however, she needn't have bothered; she'd heard them all. Was it her fault she was so knowledgeable in subjects involving the Dark Arts? According to her professors, her intelligence made her the top of all of her classes—but as far as her classmates were concerned, she was an unwelcome know-it-all, and a freak besides. They were jealous, Astrid told herself, jealous of her skill, of her brains, and of her power. This was why she had no friends—why none of her classmates would speak to her unless they were forced. She spent years telling herself this, like a mantra, until the day in her fifth year that Gellert Grindelwald, the most popular, handsome, and talented boy in the top form of the school, sat down at her study table in the library. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Dear Astrid, This is a perfect hiding place! You were lucky to find it, and clever to suggest we use it. Can we meet tonight, in the library? We must finish our discussion of your studies in Ancient Runes, and perhaps we can begin the search for a runic copy of the book we both love so much. It must exist, don't you think? I've marked our loose brick. To anyone but you, it will just look like graffiti, but you and I will both know how special this spot in the wall is. Until tonight, Gellert XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Gellert was an historian and a scholar, just like Astrid—which she had never imagined would be true of the tall, fine-featured boy of whom she had been peripherally aware since the age of eleven. She hadn't ever believed him to be a poor student, but he constantly seemed to be getting into trouble—something that Astrid realized wasn't always deserved, but rather befell him because of his willingness to argue with their professors. Like her, he was in many advanced classes, and did much studying on his own, pursuing new topics outside of lessons. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Dear Gellert, I like your marking on our hiding place. The sign of the Deathly Hallows is appropriate for us, and I'm glad that you like it. I enjoy passing notes this way. Every time I pass the loose brick in the wall, I check it, and I get very excited when I see that you've written back. It's like having a secret code. I don't think I've ever had secrets with anyone else. I have found a new book that you might like to see. It is old, and centers around the history of the International Statute of Secrecy – I know how you love to hate it, but trust me. The historian who wrote the book likes to argue against the Statute almost as much as you do! He writes of many other hypothetical solutions, and with your political understandings, I'm sure you will have many interesting new topics to debate with Professor Nilsson. I shall copy down the pages I think you'll like the most, and leave them with this note in our secret spot. If you want to read the rest of the book, I will show it to you at our next meeting in the library. Your friend, Astrid XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The weeks melted into months, and the messages hidden behind the loose stone in the wall became more frequent, often replaced within hours by new notes, drawings, or even small gifts. Astrid caught herself smiling frequently when she passed the gouged-in sign of the Deathly Hallows, over which she would brush her fingers fondly as she passed. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Dear Gellert, I'm not much of an artist, but I was sketching after the test in Runes this morning and thought you would like to see this—it's my version of the sign of the Deathly Hallows, with an elder tree as the line of the wand. What do you think? And to answer your question…no. I have no great ambition, except to leave my village and my father far, far behind me after I am old enough to leave Durmstrang. I am not daring enough to imagine this happening, and so I have no plans for my future. Your friend, Astrid XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX It wasn't that she was foolish—it was that her opinion of the cavalier, devil-may-care attitude Gellert Grindelwald projected in the corridors had been drastically incorrect. Astrid couldn't believe how wrong she had been about the person she now considered her closest friend. They enjoyed hours upon hours together in covert nightly meetings, in which Gellert displayed his trust in her by sharing his most secret project—an advanced study into wizarding attempts throughout history to circumvent the International Statute of Secrecy, by Dark magic or other means. He was well versed in everything from giant wars to goblin rebellions, but he was especially interested in learning the legendary history of the Elder Wand. Astrid was not the sort to pity others, but she felt terrible for her misjudgment of Gellert Grindelwald, and was both warmed and surprised by his revelation of his true nature to her, and her alone. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Astrid, I have finally finished that book you recommended; it was most helpful, and I think my project will be that much more successful because of it. I was thinking last night that there is something interesting in the way that we as a wizarding society can connect the Tale of the Three Brothers to the way we now cower from the Muggle world. We have chosen the safest – some would say the smartest – course, the Cloak of Invisibility, when in reality, we have not only the right, but the responsibility, to wield the Wand of Power. I find it surprising that I have not asked you this, but did you grow up reading the story of the three brothers? Do you know, you are remarkably like Antioch Peverell, first owner of the Elder Wand? I see much of his bravery in you and your ambition for freedom, which so resembles my own. Isn't freedom the one thing we all need, in order to achieve our full potential? Freedom is the most radical idea of all, in the end. Yours, Gellert XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX "Is anyone going to offer a counterargument to Miss Lund's point?" Silence filled the enormous classroom, which was large enough to fit all three of the eldest forms, as it now did for a special lecture. The silence became punctuated by awkward murmurs, as it always did when anyone other than a professor was forced to interact with Astrid. She ground her teeth together and bowed her head, her dark hair swinging forward to hide her face. They're jealous, they're jealous, they're jealous , she told herself, as blood pounded in her ears. "Why would we? She's absolutely right," said a lazy voice from the back of the room. Heads turned, and there was a sudden ripple of laughter as the class realized that Grindelwald was making a joke at her expense—but Astrid knew when she caught his eye, and he gave her a small wink, that Gellert was not mocking her at all. In that moment, Astrid realized that she was no longer platonically immune to the way Gellert's eyes lit up when she provided something new for his studies—or his smile when he caught her sneaking a peek up at him through her spectacles and overlong fringe. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Gellert, Thank you, thank you, thank you. I know that it is not easy for either of us to speak in class, but I was so happy when you supported me. I am so grateful for your friendship. Actually, I would like to tell you something—you are the very best friend I have ever had. There's no denying it. You have come to know everything about me, a person who has never had a confidant in my life. I did not know what I was missing, when I spent so long avoiding friendship. It feels remarkable to have someone in my life who feels about me much the same as I feel about them: I want to know all that you know, and how you came to know it. I want to stay up all night debating with you, and learning new things, and testing the boundaries of magic as we know it. You make me feel as though anything is possible. So…thank you. Love always, Astrid XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The letter, to Astrid's shock, horror, and embarrassment—though, of course, no one noticed or cared—went unanswered for almost two full days. It wasn't that Gellert hadn't had the chance to check their spot; rather, the letter was gone, and nothing was in its place, and Gellert himself seemed nowhere to be found. Astrid entertained wild visions—that Gellert had taken off, as he'd always sworn he would, or that someone had finally stumbled on their hiding place and intercepted her letter. But deep down, she knew the truth, and she loathed herself for it. How could she have been so stupid as to think that the bad luck that enveloped her like a black cloud would not win out in the end? Her own silly, overemotional words began looping through her brain like the whispered taunts of her classmates. She no longer reached out to touch the mark of the Deathly Hallows carved into the loose stone—rather, she gave it a wide berth, as though it radiated scorching heat. Then, after four days of torturing herself, as Astrid made her way down a corridor with her eyes trained on the hem of her blood-red robes, a hand caught her elbow. Suddenly, she was looking up at Gellert Grindelwald's handsome face. He smiled down at her. "Why haven't you answered my message?" he asked, with just a hint of teasing in his voice. "Are you trying to break my heart?" Astrid's own heart almost leapt out of her chest—she felt as though she could have started flying on the spot. "I—I—didn't know you'd—" "Go and check," Gellert advised her, with a slight wink, before he vanished into his Transfiguration classroom. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Astrid, Meet