HEY MAH LIL MUNCHKINS! This is my first PJatO/HoO fic. I always expected my first one to be Percico but ever since BoO, I screamed and fangirled until 3 in the morning. SOLANGELO! I'M OBSESSED WITH SOLANGELO! Nico: *starts singing* WHY YOU SO OBSESSED WITH ME? BOY I WANT TO KNOW! LYIN THAT YOU'RE SEXING ME! Will: *stares*...Damn. Got this idea when I was reading some Percico and it was mentioning how Nico is sexy and all that crap (he is sexy tho) and Percy's all like 'he's my aphrodisiac' and I popped this thang out. Except its Solangelo/Wilico instead of Percico. ^.- hopes you likes. Read on fellow demigods! Warnings: Nico is sort of OOC. There will be blowjobs. A lot of homosexualness. Notes: This was originally written as a Valdangelo. Then I finished BoO and Bam. If you noticed some Leos pop up, that's probably 'cause I wrote half of this with Leo. Then I changed all the Leos to Wills. Lazy. I know. Disclaimer: Yes. I am Rick Riordan. I am also a green platypus who is secretly an agent and has a freaking dumbass scientist as an enemy. (note the sarcasm in my voice) And I wish I owned Bang Bang...but I don't. BUTTTARD! Song I Listened To While Writing This Thang: Bang Bang by Jessie J, Ariana Grande, and Nicki Minaj. ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- Aphrodisiac "Ok! So team one is Zeus, Athena, Apollo, Aphrodite, Hermes, Dionysus, Iris, Hypnos, and Hecate." Said the cheerful voice of that Aphrodite girl. Macy? Tracy? Lacy? Yeah, it was Lacy. Everyone in the mess hall cheered. Lacy was announcing the teams for tomorrow's field day. This field day idea came from the ever sweet Chiron. He planned to have these days twice every month. So far they only had two of these field days. Will risked a glance at the Hades table. Nico and Hazel sat there, laughing. Hazel decided to come back and spend some time with Nico. She arrived on Arion. Nico was very happy to see her again. Over all of the cheering in the mess hall, Will can hear one laugh over the crowds cheers. A very melodic laugh. One that had shocked him when he first heard it. It shocked everyone. Nico's laugh. Will might have a small crush on him. Yeah right, most of the things Nico did turned him on. He didn't know when the attraction started. Maybe when they were sabotaging the onagers. Maybe during the three days Nico stayed with him in the infirmary. Maybe when Nico took his shirt off during sword training and Will stared at his nice, sweaty, lean body a bit too long. Maybe it's the fact that Will stared at his ass as he passes by. Or it's because Nico was small and he could probably fit perfectly in Will's arms. There could be thousands of reasons. Has Will ever had a thing for a guy before? Nope. Never had he ever thought about being with another guy. He liked a whole bunch of girls, but never has he felt this way towards a guy. And his feelings for Nico were stronger. Like stronger as in he wanted to shove Nico up a wall and kiss him until they can't breathe every time they talk kind of stronger. Did that make him bisexual? Maybe he's only Nico-sexual. Will might have a chance with Nico. He knows that he's gay. Probably another reason he is attracted to Nico. Jason convinced Nico to come out last month. But if Nico's taste in guys are big, strong, and green-eyed heroes, Will might as well give up the idea. But, there is still that small amount of hope. "And team two is Poseidon, Demeter, Ares, Hephaestus, Hades, Nemesis, Nike, Hebe and Tyche." Said a daughter of Iris, Danielle. She looked bored and the folded arms and careless expression she had on didn't really fit in with her colorful clothes and her blonde, pink, and orange hair. "And the Tyche Cabin is not allowed to manipulate the luck of the other team with your freaky luck manipulation power thingies!" Lacy said, earning groans from table 19. "Same thing goes to you Hecate Cabin!" Groans from table 20. "Yeah. So get ready for tomorrow. Practice. Clean the blood off your armor. Sharpen your blades and all that crap," Danielle said. Will wondered why she wore cheery colors and had colorful hair. It didn't fit her attitude. Nico was more brighter than her. Maybe she was like Butch. "And we're having a huge bonfire like last time. So get ready for that...so...yeah...we're done." She said climbing down the table she and Lacy were on. "But Danny-" "Done." Danielle growled with a glare. Grumbling, Lacy got down from the table and walked over to the Aphrodite table. Will noticed that Connor Stoll was at her table, talking to Drew Tanaka. Everyone continued talking and eating their breakfast. Kayla, one of Will's half sisters, was talking to him about new ideas for exploding arrows, but he only heard pieces of what she was saying. His eyes were on Nico. Hazel punched Nico's arm playfully and they both laughed. His eyes were on Nico's beautifully sculpted face. His pale skin was slowly turning to an olive color. His black hair was long and curly, framing his beautiful face. Nico looked directly at Will and Will nearly lost it right there. Nico smiled and gave a tiny wave. Will gave a toothy grin and waved back. Nico smiled again and his eyes went back to Hazel, who was wiggling her eyebrows ridiculously towards Nico. Hazel had burst with laughter while Nico laughed lightly with a red face. "What was that about, bro?" Will turned towards his siblings, who were all looking at him. Victoria had on a smile and a raised eyebrow. Apparently, Kayla noticed him checking Nico out and told the rest of them. "Got a thing for di Angelo?" "Psh. Me? Di Angelo? Please, girl. You know who I strum my guitar for." He said, putting on a stupid smile. "It's alright Will." Austin said. "We won't judge." "I'm not gay." Will said. He looked around his table and was met with shaking heads. "It's true!" "Maybe you're Nico-sexual." One of his sisters said. Will slapped his palm to his face. "No, Lani. Just- no." "But I think its cute!" Noelani exclaimed. "You're acting like an Aphrodite, Lani." He said, shaking his head. "You should ask him out. If you wait any longer, someone's bound to take him. I would. All that sexy, tight bod. Ooh, damn. Too bad he's gay. As I was saying! Guys are like seriously staring at him." "I don't like him!" Will said, exasperated. Though, the idea of Nico with another guy twisted him up inside. "You're ability to lie is horrible. Much like your aim in girls." Victoria said, eating some sausage. "But your aim in guys is excellent. Noelani's right. I've spotted some Ares and Hermes guys checking him out. Nico got some guy attention when he came out. He's not going to be single for long, you know." Nods of agreement were received from the rest of his siblings. Will groaned loudly. Will this ever end? "Fine! I like him. You happy?" Will whispered harshly. "Aww. Our little Willie's got a crush." Austin teased. Noelani was squealing. "Yay! Now ask him out!" "No!" "Yeeees!" "No!" "Why not." She asked. "'Cause..." "'Cause...?" Victoria urged. "Because he likes big, buff, muscular guys." Will groaned. "He liked Percy. Now he doesn't. Get over it," Victoria said. "Nico probably likes you too. You're fairly built." Will was about to argue when Noelani squealed silently and was pointing behind Will. He looked back and saw that Hazel and Nico were heading his way. Will snapped his head back to his breakfast shoving pancakes in his mouth. "Hi!" Hazel said as she and Nico strolled up to Will. Will looked up and his eyes were instantly on Nico, who was behind Hazel. "Hey yo." His words muffled by pancakes. Nico giggled. Will inwardly cheered. "Um...ok. So I was wondering if you could fix my guitar," She said. "Someone," -she glared at Nico- "ran an obsidian spike through it." The son of Hades stuck out his bottom lip and put on a very convincing kicked-puppy looking face. His eyes even began to water! It made Will want to cuddle up with him and do anything for the raven-haired teen. Will could hear Noelani sigh. "It's not my fault...I was playing it then you startled me." Hazel groaned. "Curse your huge eyes! Why dad? Why?" She punched him playfully. "So! Can you repair my musical intrument, Music Man?" "Why can't you do it yourself, Ms. Metal Detector?" He asked, cheekily. "I know how to play a guitar, not fix it. Don't you Apollos know how to do this kind of stuff?" She smartly replied. "Fine. Show me after I'm finished." "Yay! Thanks. Hi, Victoria!" Hazel exclaimed. She moved over to the other side of the table. Will's eyes trailed to Nico. His small body hidden in his new, oversized, thick jacket made him look so cute. "Hey," Nico said. "Hey, Nicky." Will said. Nico noticeably blushed. "Yeah, so I'm going to go talk to Piper now...sooo...yeah." Said Nico, awkwardly. Will panicked. Will was talking to Nico. Nico was blushing! He might actually like him! "Uh-um, wait," said Will. Nico turned around, "Yes?" He asked, slightly annoyed. Will stood up and looked back at his siblings. One of his half brothers was humping the air, probably indicating that's what he and Nico will be doing. Oh gods. He hoped Nico didn't see that. He walked up to Nico. "So...do you...do you..." "Yeah?" Nico asked. His face was looking sort of hopeful. But of course, Will could be misinterpreting Nico's actions. "Do you...know where Hazel's guitar is? I want to fix it up now," Will said. There was something that ran through Nico's face, but it was quickly gone. "Oh, yeah, sure. I- I'll go get it." He said. He left in the direction of the cabins. "Oh my freaking gods." He turned his head to see his table shaking their heads and glaring. Noelani and Hazel were glaring the hardest. "You are so oblivious! Just like Percy!" Noelani yelled. "You are very blind, do you know that?" Kayla said. "What?!" Will yelled. Hazel was still glaring. She got up and walked up toward him. "If you're going to play with Nico, stay away from him." She said softly, yet harshly. She said bye to his siblings and walked to the Aphrodite table to talk to Piper. Will stood there contemplating on Hazel's words. "Oh my gods! Nico likes you, you idiot!" Austin scolded. Will stared. "Really?" "Yes, dumbass!" Victoria said, annoyingly. "Didn't you not see his face? And the whole time Nico was blushing in the infirmary after the war didn't give you any hints?! My gods." "He- he likes me." Will said to himself. He left the mess hall and walked towards the cabins. He was nearing cabin 13 when he heard talking coming from inside. "How did you get inside here?!" Nico's voice said harshly. "Son of Hermes. We can unlock doors...duh." A familiar voice said. But Will couldn't figure out who. "Why the hell are you naked?! Why are there rose pedals- no. You're not." Nico said. Wait. What! Someone was trying to seduce his Nico?! Will pressed his ear on the door. "I saw the way you were looking at me. I know you want me." The son of Hermes said. "Take your clothes off. Make me feel good ." "You talk to me like I'm a freaking slut!" Nico yelled so loudly, the whole camp could probably hear it. Campers nearby stared. "Connor, get out of my cabin!" Connor?! Was this why he was talking to Drew?