HEY MAH LIL MUNCHKINS! YAAAAY! I have a Jasico up! I ship this so farking much! I usually take a while in writing fanfics, but I whipped this one up pretty fast. Welp, I hope you likes! Disclaimer: I do not not own anything other than this plot thing. Album I Listened To: Yours Truly by Ariana Grande ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- Prince Jason walked down the great halls of his father's palace. Maids and servants greeted him as he passed and he smiled back at them. As he neared the throne room, he heard a boy crying. He was about to go investigate, but he had arrived to the grand double doors of the throne room. He opened the doors and walked in. When he reached the glorious throne that his father, Zeus, sat, he dropped to one knee and bowed his head. "Yes, Father?" Zeus smiled. "Up, my son." He ordered. Jason stood up straight. "Now. It has come to my attention that your old slave died two moons ago." Jason nodded. He didn't like to call anyone slave. He considered Gena a friend, just a friend that did his laundry, cleaned his massive bedroom, made his food and served it to him, did anything he asked. He was sad that Gena had died. They were pretty close. But it was understandable. Gena was a nice kind old lady who lived a long life. "I know how hard it is to continue your studies and whatnot. So I got you a new slave!" Zeus said, smiling. "A new slave?" Jason asked. "Yes! He is quite young, but he is an excellent cook, a splendid maid, and he has a marvelous mind! He can help you with your studies." Zeus said. Jason didn't want or need a "slave." He was perfectly fine with doing things himself. But he was not brave enough to defy his father. He has slain countless monsters, trained with a few of the most fiercest warriors in their kingdom, and ran into a burning cottage to save an old couple, and he was only thirteen! Yet he could not face his father. "Thank you, Father. May I see this...slave?" King Zeus smiled. "Of course son." King Zeus looked at one of the servants and nodded his head. The servant nodded back and entered a room. When he came back, a woman and a child that looked younger than Jason by a few years followed behind. Three vicious looking dogs followed behind the boy. Jason raised an eyebrow. This child was to be his new servant? "Jason, this child is your new slave. His name is Nico, and these are his...pets. And this woman is his mother." King Zeus introduced. Jason inspected the child. He looked to be about the age of ten. He had nice, smooth olive colored skin and a small body. His inky, midnight black hair covered his eyes. He had a beautiful and adorable face. The mother had tears in her eyes as she knelt in front of Nico. She spoke to him quietly in another language. She brushed Nico's long, black curls out of his eyes and Jason saw that he was crying too. This was the crying child. Nico sniffed and hiccuped as his mother spoke. When she was done, he nodded. His mother smiled sadly at him and hugged him to her chest. She kissed the top of Nico's head and stood. Nico protested, but his mother shushed him. Jason watched in confusion as Nico's mother looked at King Zeus. It seemed to Jason that the two adults were having a conversation with their eyes. Nico seemed to notice too. Zeus nodded to her and she walked out the door she came in, she looked back at Nico for a moment, then she waved goodbye. Nico watched as the door closed, tears streaming down his pretty face. One of the large black dogs licked the child's face as the other two laid around his feet. Zeus looked at the young boy with sad eyes, but the look disappeared. "Dry your tears child. You are in good hands. Come and meet your new master." He said. The young boy faced Jason and he looked very nervous. "Hello, Master." Nico spoke so quietly that Jason almost missed it. "Hello." Jason greeted. He didn't like that Nico called him Master. "Now, Jason, why don't you show him your room and let him know what he is needed to do? I had servants set up a bedroom for you, Nico. It is the room to the left of Jason's." King Zeus said. Nico bowed. "Thank you, Your Majesty." He said quietly. Jason walked up to Nico and placed his hand on his back. Nico tensed under his touch and blushed. Nico's dogs growled, until Nico spoke something in what sounded like Greek to them. Nico let Jason lead him out of the throne room. "Hello Nico." Jason greeted again as they walked down the halls. "Master." "Please. My name is Jason." He insisted. "I'm sorry...Jason." Nico stared at his feet as he walked. "So, where did you mom go?" Jason asked. "Mama said she'll be back." Nico sniffed more. Jason saw that Nico would cry again, so once they reached his room, he knelt in front of the small boy and wiped his tears away. "Hey, don't worry. Being stuck with me won't be bad, right?" Jason asked. Nico giggled. "There we go. You know what? How about you and I go have some fun. I'm sure there is a lot of fun things to do in this large castle." Nico's dark eyes sparkled. He nodded excitedly. Then he looked confused. "I...thought I am your slave." Nico asked quietly. "My servant. You'll never be a slave." Jason corrected. "And like I said, being stuck with me won't be so bad." ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- Four Years Later... "You big idiot!" Nico yelled. "Jason put me down!" Sixteen year old Jason laughed as he ran around his spacious room with Nico's small body thrown over his shoulder. Nico's tried hitting Jason's back to no avail. "C'mon Nico, let's just have a little fun!" Jason shifted Nico so now he was carrying him bridal style. He spun around and chuckled as he felt Nico's arms tighten around his neck. "Jason!" Nico shrieked. Jason laughed some more before tossing Nico on his large bed. Nico landed with a bounce on the bed and Jason landed on top of him. "Jason, you're heavy!" Jason placed his hands on both sides of Nico head and lifted himself. "I know I am. C'mon Nicky, let's play around." "Jason, I'm here to help you study. We can't have a king who doesn't know how to read." Nico countered. Jason feigned a hurt look. "I can read!" "Yes you can. English, Latin, and a little bit of Spanish, Italian, and Greek. Zeus expects you to know how to speak, read, and write in full Spanish, Indonesian, Italian, and Greek by the time you take the throne." Nico said, staring up at him with his large brown eyes. Jason sighed dramatically and crashed down on Nico again, making Nico groan as Jason's heavy body rested on his own smaller body. "Fine. But you're no fun. I hope you know that." He said teasingly. He rolled off of Nico and laid next to him. Nico faced the blond, a sad looking pout plastered on his lips. "I'm fun..." Jason grabbed Nico by the hips and pulled him on top his large body. "I guess you are. In your own, special way." Jason laughed as Nico punched his chest. The small fourteen year old sat up on Jason's abdomen. Jason didn't mind how close they were. He was rather fond of their closeness. Nico brushed a few strands of his black hair away from his pretty face and looked down at the older male, smirking. "C'mon. Studying with me won't be that bad." Jason smiled. "And you'll have training with Chiron later on, but you can't go until you finish your studies." "Fine." Jason said. He sat up so now Nico was sitting in his lap. "Why is it that you like it when I sit on you?" Nico asked. Jason could feel his face heat up and tried to will away the redness that was sure to come. It was a weird thing, but he did indeed like it when the smaller male sat on him. Jason shrugged. "I don't know why. But we better study like this." Nico rolled his eyes. "We always do anyway." He mumbled. He got off the bed to gather Jason's books. Jason folded his legs and Nico sat in the circle of his legs. He propped his own legs to his chest and placed the study books on them. Jason wrapped his arms around Nico's abdomen and placed his chin on Nico's shoulder, looking at the words in the book. He started to translate words from English to Spanish, with Nico helping here and there. ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- "Finally!" Jason yelled triumphantly. "I am a free man! Free from the hell known as Spanish!" "We were only studying for half an hour." Nico said. "And those thirty minutes of Spanish were torture!" He said dramatically. "Glad to know that I'm a great tutor." Nico said. He carried Jason's sword and shield as Nico's dogs carried Jason's armor. Jason grabbed his sword and shield from Nico's hands and said, "Oh you are an amazing tutor. It's just that you tutor boring stuff." Nico rolled his eyes. "Hurry up. Chiron is waiting." They walked out of the gigantic palace and into the training arena. Chiron stood in the middle of the circular arena. The centaur smiled as the two young boys walked in. "Took you long enough. We have some guests that want to see what you can do, and one of them even wants to verse you." Jason looked amused. "Who may these guests be?" "You'll see soon." Chiron said. He looked at Nico. "Nico, please go get Jason ready if you will." Nico nodded. Nico turned to his dogs and nodded to the room where they usually get Jason ready. The dogs ran into the room and Nico grabbed Jason's arm and dragged him there too. When they entered the room, Jason took off his shirt and Nico tried to concentrate on Jason's armor instead of his muscular body. Even after four years of seeing Jason shirtless, heck, he even seen him naked a myriad of times, Nico could never get used to seeing Jason's body. When Nico turned to face Jason, he noticed he had a long gash that went across his torso. Nico placed the armor down and approached Jason. "When and how did you get this?" Nico asked worriedly. He placed his hands on Jason's chest, being mindful of his wound. "I went into the woods yesterday and there was this miniature dragon. It was small as heck, but it was dangerous and it had skills. It was like you! Except I snapped its neck in the end." Jason scratched the back of his neck. "I thought I told you to not go there. You might be an excellent monster slayer, but something bad might happen to you." Nico grabbed a pail of water and a cloth and started dabbing at the wound. "Aw. You're worried about me." "Of course I am, you big idiot." Nico gathered the healing contents that were stored in a chest and started fixing up the large cut. He grabbed some of the stretchy bandages and wrapped them around Jason's large torso. He stood in front of Jason and inspected his handy work. He placed his hands on his