HEY MAH LIL MUNCHKINS! Arsenal's back with another Solangelo! YAY! Ok so I have an obsession with Red Riding Hood. I don't know why. I guess I like the hood? So of course my first Fairytale AU will be about Red. And while I was thinking up a plot thingie mabob, I was all like "HEY! Why not add some Snow White to this potion?! Oooh, ah feel a magical crossover forming!" And that was how this was born. It popped out of my head exactly like the way Athena popped out of Zeus' head! This will most likely be a two shot. Just a little heads up! I have about...7 Solangelo fics in the works and I'm halfway done with 3 of 'em. Yay! It might take a while, but I WILL post them. If I don't, I want you to find out where I am, fly there, and demand me to finish it. :) Disclaimer: I don't own any a dis stuffs...except the plots! (I don't know why I do this but I want to) Song I Listened To While Writing This Thang: Call Me When You're Sober by Evanescence ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- Red Riding Hood & The Huntsman "Nico!" Nico's mother, Maria di Angelo, yelled from the kitchen window. "I need you to do something important please!" The fourteen year-old looked up from his book. "Yes, mother!" He called from the high tree he was sitting on. He closed his book and placed it carefully in the hole he always kept the books he was reading. He threw his legs over the thick branch he was sitting on and dropped down from the branch that was pretty high up in the air. He landed with cat-like grace on the ground, without a scratch. "Keep that up, and you'll break yourself." A voice said behind him. He turned around and found a beautiful, dark-skinned girl with brown, choppy hair. She wore a beautiful green dress and had a dagger and a flute strapped to her waist. "It would be a shame for a voice like yours to travel to the afterlife." She said. "Hey, Piper," Nico said. "Um, why are you wearing a dress?" He asked. Piper wasn't one of those kind of girls. She usually wore guy clothes, which she somehow makes them look fit for girls. Piper groaned. "Father and Mother made me," Piper said. "There's a ball in the kingdom tonight, they were invited and they both want me to go with them. Probably their excuse to beautify me." She indeed did looked beautiful. Though she says that Nico was the definition of beauty. Can a male be beautiful? Well, his village thought so. They always said he was beautiful, though Nico doesn't see it. "Oh," Nico said. "Well that can be—" Nico stopped as he noticed a small mouse on her shoulder. "Um..." Nico pointed at the small creature. "Oh!" She exclaimed. "Hi Gussy!" The mouse squeaked a few times in her ear. "Oh gods. Mother's going to kill me. Bye Nico. Have to go!" The flute player said as she ran off to her cottage. "Nico!" His mother called. "I'm coming." He called back. He walked into his cottage and found his mom in the kitchen. "Sorry Mother. I was talking to Piper." "Oh, what a lovely girl she is." Maria said. She was stirring something in a pot. "Now, I received a message from your sister. On one of her hunts with the Hunters of Artemis, she was near Granny's home. She stopped by to check on her and she said that Granny was sick. Now, what I need for you to do, is take this soup, some medicine, and these goods to her." She said, she poured the soup in a bowl and placed a lid over it. She placed the bowl of soup in a basket filled with fruit, bread and other treats. She closed the lid of the basket and handed it to him. "Can you do that?" She asked. Nico took hold the handle. "Of course, Mother." "Remember Nico, don't take the forest path." His mother said sternly. "You know what's in there. I know it would take a long time if you take the main path, but it's better to be safe than sorry. And if it's too dark by the time you arrive at Granny's, stay there." "Yes, mother." He said. He knew what happened. A girl was dared to walk deep into those dark woods, and she never came back out. He was about leave until Maria called him again. "Wait, Nico. Take this." She said. She ran into her room. When she came back, she held a beautiful hooded cloak, that had beautiful designs embroidered on every spot. Its blood red color could never have gone unnoticed. "It will keep the wolves away. And any other creature that comes near." Nico placed the basket on the floor and walked towards the beautiful cloak. "It's beautiful." Nico said. She handed Nico the cloak and he put it on. The end of the cloak dragged on the floor. The cloak was wide enough for two people to fit. The hood was large. "It might be big but it looks good on you." Maria said. "It belonged to Granny. It was a normal cloak, until she had a very powerful pixie charm it for her. She gave it to me when I was pregnant with Bianca, because of your fathers origin. I used it again while I was pregnant with you, too. To keep you safe." Nico was staring at the beautiful hood. "Yes, father was a—" "Quiet child," Maria urged. "There are ears everywhere. You must remember that. If anyone found out, you and Bianca will suffer the same fate as did your father. Now off you go, child. Granny is waiting." She kissed his forehead as he picked up the basket of goods. Once he was out the door, he started his way to the main road, his long, red cloak billowing behind him. He greeted his fellow villagers as he passed, they were happy to see him. They smiled fondly as he passed. "A beautiful child. Maria is lucky." He heard women whisper. He reached the main road and started walking on the dirt path. About a half an hour later, he arrived at the dirt road that lead to the forest everyone was forbidden to pass. He stopped and looked. It was dark and gloomy and the trees were darker than usual. It's just the woods, right? Nico thought. Maybe that girl just got lost. Not ferociously eaten by wolves or cannibal giants, right? Nico didn't see the harm, and he really wanted to get this done and over with. "Hey, I am a rebel." He said to himself. He pulled his hood up and wrapped his cloak tighter around himself as he entered the forest. ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- "You called, Your Majesty?" The eighteen year-old bowed down in the presence of The Queen. "Yes, Huntsman," Queen Khione, said. "I have a task for you, and if you shall succeed, I will pay you handsomely." The Queen said. "May I ask of this task?" The Huntsman asked. "I have heard of you, Huntsman. You are the best hunter in the land. I want you to kill someone," She said. She held out a mirror and checked her makeup. "Someone who is supposedly more beautiful than me." "Of course, Your Majesty," The Huntsman said. "Who may I ask is this unlucky person? I am sure that she can't be more beautiful than you." The feral Queen stood and gracefully walked towards an oval mirror that hung on the wall. "Mirror, mirror on the wall," she chanted. "Who's the fairest of them all?" The mirror swirled with purple and green mist. Images started to form on the glass. The mirror showed a person wearing a large hooded cloak. It showed only the persons back, so the Huntsman was not sure if it was a boy or a girl. But it was most likely a girl. The persons body looked small. The image shifted, showing the front of the persons face. The Huntsman's eyes widened as it showed a pale boy who looked about thirteen or fourteen. His skin was as white as snow. His cheeks were a rosy color and his lips were a deep red. His eyes were a rich, chocolate brown with nice, long eyelashes. His long and wavy hair was a colorless ebony. His small petite form was hidden in his large cloak. He was beautiful. "You may have been fairest once, Your Majesty, but Nico di Angelo has taken that title from your hands. Nico the Angel is the fairest of them all." The mirror said. "It is a he, Huntsman. A he . Unbelievable." The Queen scowled. "This Nico. I want you to kill this- this Little Red Riding Hood . Kill him and cut out his lungs and liver and give it to me to feast on." The Huntsman looked from Queen Khione, to the gorgeous boy in the mirror. "He's a child ." The Queen fixed her eyes on him. They burned with a green flame. "Is there a problem, Huntsman?" She asked skeptically. The Huntsman stared hard at the ground and shook his head no. Queen Khione watched him with questioning eyes. "Your name, Huntsman?" "Will Solace, Milady." "Hmm..." Khione hummed. "Off you go now. He lives in the village of Wolfsbane. He travels through the Dark Forest." She dismissed. The Queen left the throne room, probably getting ready for the ball that she was hosting tonight. Once Will was sure the Evil Queen was gone, he stalked towards the mirror, which still held the image of the captivating boy. He was beautiful. The boy— Nico— looked flawless. He was the most beautiful thing he had ever laid eyes on. He saw why Queen Drew wanted this small creature dead. He could stare at him all day. Queen Khione's beauty was everything to her. In her eyes, Queen Khione is the only one who was allowed to be beautiful. No one was to have more beauty. Nico had beauty. And lots of it. Will had heard of Khione's ways. Queen Khione checked with her mirror daily, making sure she was always fairest. When a new fairest comes along, she sends someone to kill the girl and bring her the girl's liver to feast on. A gruesome tradition. This was probably the first time a male has been fairest. Am I really going to kill this beautiful person? He thought to himself. Am I really going to kill a person? Hunting animals is one thing, hunting fellow humans is another. "You better get going." A voice said behind him. Will turned around and saw a girl with blond curls who wore blue rags scrubbing the floor. She probably came in while he was staring at the boy in the mirror. "'M surprised she didn't explode on you. She has a short temper." "Right." Will headed towards the grand door. He stopped by the armory and stocked up on arrows. He mounted the white horse the palace guards gave him, and left the Evil Queen's palace and started his journey towards Wolfsbane. ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- "This isn't so scary." Nico said to himself. It was cold, but his cloak was nice and warm. He moved expertly through the Dark Forest. He and Piper usually explored the normal forest that surrounded Wolfsbane, sitting in the trees and playing childish games. This forest was nothing like their forest. There is a reason why they call it the Dark Forest. Well actually two. One is because it was dark and