HEY MAH LIL MUNCHKINS! This is just some pointless cuteness. I just wanted a cute fic with Nico as the fun, happy, bright one and Will as the the protective mean brooding one. Well, I can't really make anyone mean. I'm trying to write mean people but I can't. This has so much OOCness. HAPPY LATE VALENTINEEESSSSS! I was all alone :'(. Well I spent the morning with friends. So that was good. I had a lot of chocolate. And books. Forever alone. Nico is fourteen and Will is sixteen/seventeen. Disclaimer : I ain't own no crap. Except for a few OCs. And this plot thing. Song I Listened To While Writing This Thang: Like I'm Gonna Lose You by Meghan Trainor featuring John Legend. ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- ^.- You're Mine, And Only Mine "C'mon, Will!" Nico cried, trying to drag his boyfriend out of his bed. "I wanna go eeeeat!" Will was laying in Nico's bed. He had slept over in Nico's cabin the night before, which was sort of against the rules, but Will didn't care. He wanted to sleep with his boyfriend, so he did. No, they didn't do anything, they just talked and kissed with Will's strong arms wrapped protectively around Nico's small, perfect body. Will groaned and stayed still, his face still in Nico's pillows, which smelled deliciously like him. "It's breakfast time!" Nico whined. He grabbed Will's arm and attempted to get him up. "You're a son of Apollo, aren't you, like, supposed to be up when the sun is up?" "The sun's not up." Will mumbled into the pillow. "Yes it is! I just said it was time for breakfast." Nico said. " Wiiiill ." He whined. Will stayed still. He didn't want to get up. They stayed up late last night and he was very tired. Nico managed to flip Will, so he was laying on his back. Will's eyes were still shut and he wanted to keep it that way. But he opened them when he felt weight on his stomach. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust to the bright sunlight that filtered in through the windows. When he could see clearly, he saw Nico sitting on his stomach, arms crossed and eyes narrowed, wearing an adorable pout. Nico wore a tight orange camp T-shirt, black skinny jeans and a pair of purple high-tops. Nico gave him his irresistible puppy dog eyes. Will groaned and pulled Nico's small frame into his much larger one. He smashed Nico's face into his muscular chest and hugged him tightly. "C'mon, Babe," Will said sleepily. "Let's just sleep in and cuddle." Nico managed to get his face out of Will's bare chest and looked up at him. "As appealing as that sounds, I want food in my mouth." Will closed his eyes again. "I'm tired, you go ahead." He knew Nico was frowning. Will felt the weight of Nico move off of his stomach. "Fine," Nico said. Will opened an eye and saw Nico walking towards the door. "I guess I'll have to go all alone. With no one. Anything can happen to me. I bet Connor's out there waiting for me to come outside. Probably planning something..." That got Will to his feet. Everyone knew that the bastard from Hermes had a thing for Nico. He even tried to get Nico into his cabin, locking all the doors. Of course, Nico could take care of himself, so when Will came running in with one of Connor's sisters who had unlocked the door, he wasn't surprised to see Connor lying on the floor, with Nico on his back, holding his right arm behind him. That didn't stop Will from beating the son of Hermes a lesson. Will shoved on his T-shirt and shorts he had thrown on the floor the night before and searched for his shoes. Nico laughed as Wil tripped over himself. Will glared at him from his position on the floor, but then he smiled. "Only you can do this to me." "I feel so special." Once Will was ready, they set out for the dining pavilion. Will looked down and smiled at his 5 foot tall boyfriend, who's head barely reached his shoulder. Nico dragged Will with him, saying hi to the passing campers. The short son of Hades was so cute. Will loved his height. It was cute how Nico always had to go on his tiptoes to kiss him. When they reached the entrance to the dining pavilion, they had to separate. Will didn't want to leave Nico all alone, but both Chiron and Mr. D were there so he didn't have a choice. Nico walked over to the lonely Hades table while Will moved to the full Apollo cabin, sitting down next to Victoria. A wood nymph dropped a plate of pancakes, bacon, and sausage in front of him. Will kept his eyes on Nico as he ate. He was very protective of his Angel. "Good morning, sunshine." Victoria said, stuffing her scrambled eggs in her mouth. "So, where were you last night, Romeo?" Will scowled. "Shut up." "Whoa," Victoria raised his hands up in surrender. "Didn't mean no harm. Calm your pits man." Will got pissed real easily. And the fact that he just woke up didn't really help his mood. The only person he couldn't possibly get mad at was Nico. Nico brought out the good in him. He looked at Nico, eating peacefully, and pictured him giving him that cute glare he glared whenever Will randomly bursts on someone. Will's face softened. He turned his head towards Victoria. "Sorry, Vic." He apologized. Victoria smiled. "It's alright lil bro." After a while, she continued. "He's good for you, you know. You've been happy and less touchy these last two months." Will couldn't help but smile and agree. The bright son of Hades brought out the good in him. At first, no one believed that cute, innocent little Nico could be the son of the most darkest god. But Hades' claim on him was inevitable. Before Nico, Will hated everyone. He was serious, he never joked around. He was hardcore. No mercy. A loner. But then Nico came along. At first, Will thought that Nico was very annoying. He was always so perky. Then the battle with Gaea happened and his siblings said that Nico needed three days in the infirmary, seeing that he used all of his power in transporting the Athena Parthenos, which nearly killed him. His siblings forced him to be the one to tend to Nico. At first he didn't want to be stuck in the same room with him for three days. But then he was glad he did. On the first day, whenever Nico asked for a cup of water or to grab something for him, Will did so with a scowl, either throwing the item to him or shoving it in his hands. In about the middle of the day, it looked like Nico had enough of his attitude. "Hey, I never asked your brothers and sisters to shove me in here, ok." He had said. "I never asked you to be here. So either man up and stop being a bitch about it, or get out! I just transported myself, two passengers and a forty feet tall statue across the country, which nearly killed me. I don't need this kind of crap from you." He said. He folded his arms across his chest and glared at the other side of the room, a slight blush was on his face. Will was shocked into silence. He didn't expect Nico to say that. He didn't think that Nico knew any type of swear words. No one did. It just wasn't him. Will sat down on a chair, watching Nico. That was...sort of hot, Will had thought. He shook his head. Nico's face was still glaring at the other side of the room, but after a few minutes, his face softened. He grabbed his book that was translated into Greek and started reading. Will thought of the way he had been treating Nico. Nico was right, and he didn't even do anything to him. He was worse than Clarisse. She would have at least congratulated Nico for being so strong and selfless. He knew he always had been a jerk...and an ass...and...alone. It...it might be time to change that. Will thought. After a while, Will had decided that he should apologize. "Hey, look, I'm sorry." At the same time, Nico had closed his book and said, "I'm sorry I said that." They both stared at each other before they both laughed. Will stared at Nico's face, which made Nico blush, which Will thought was cute. Nico played with the edges of his book as he continued with a small voice. "I didn't mean to say that." "No, I deserved that." Will had insisted. "You...you kind of...kind of...I don't know. You made me realize how much of an...ass I have been. Not only to you, but to pretty much everyone I meet." Nico looked up at Will and smiled. "You're welcome then." Will laughed. After a very long, awkward silence, Will had decided to socialize a bit. That day continued with the both of them telling each other stories and jokes and random stuff about themselves, getting to know each other. Stuff that Will had never shared with anyone, which was mostly because of how unsocial he was. But he felt different with Nico. He actually trusted Nico. He was actually really cool and sweet and cute and he had such soft skin and he smelled really good and he was so small and fragile even though he wasn't. Whoa, Will had thought. Digressing much? When Will told Nico he should sleep, he was surprised to see how angelic the boy looked while he slept. The next two days had been the same, and Will found himself the most happiest he has ever been, so when Victoria said Nico was good to go, Will found himself deflated. Nico thanked her as she left the room. Will helped him get his stuff. He watched as Nico walked towards the door, sad to see him leave. Then he mentally scolded himself for feeling sad. Just as Nico was about to open the door, he turned to face him, a blush creeping to his pale face. "Um, we should, uh, y-you know...hang out...sometime." He stuttered, the blush had spread on his face. "But if you don't want to, that's totally fine. You probably have better stuff to do." He looked all cute and flustered, playing with his fingers. Nico cleared his throat. "Forget I said anything." He said. "I-I'm just gonna, you know, leave now." He said, twisting the doorknob. "Wait!" Will called, a little bit too loudly. Nico looked at him and he cleared his throat. "Um...I-I would like that. Hanging out I mean." Will smiled at him. He had found that he had been doing that with Nico. "Cool. Uh, I'll see you at dinner." Nico had smiled. He said 'goodbye' and left. Will couldn't wipe the stupid smile off his face. "Anyway," Victoria said, bringing him out of his memories. "I was wondering if you can teach an archery class." "Why?" He asked, eating a piece of his bacon. He didn't really want to. "Chiron can't teach his archery classes this week. He has some business to attend to with his pony friends or something." Victoria said. "If you were in the cabin yesterday, you would already know. Chiron asked the older Apollos to teach a session for the whole week. I know you're not good with people, but there's an upside for your session." She said hopefully. Will groaned. "What?" "Nico's in one of your classes." She said in a singing voice. That got Will. "Yeah. Sure. Whatever." He said nonchalantly, but he was cheering inside.