The Inevitable Part One Johanna was fiercely rummaging through my closet. My wardrobe was scarce, and I could tell she was running out of what little patience she had. Garments were tossed onto the floor. I could hear Johanna cursing. "Nothing! You have absolutely noting." Her voice was rough, screechy, "How do you not have a little black dress, Brainless?" "Be nice, Jo," Prim reprimanded her without looking up from some Panem gossip rag. Prim had come to visit for the weekend. I haven't been able to see much of her because of her schooling. It was a few hours away by train, in the Capitol. I had missed her so much and was glad to see her again, despite the circumstances. "Thanks Little Duck." I smiled, just a small tug that lifted my lips. She reached out and grasped my hand. It filled my tummy with warmth and tugged at my heart strings. I was so happy to have her here with me right now. "How are you expecting to pick up someone if you don't have a dress?" Johanna was back to searching, probably hoping something would just magically appear. The place looked more like the aftermath of a tornado rather than a place I used to hang my clothes. "I'm not expecting to." I mumbled. Jo's movements abruptly stopped. She turned to stare at me with her hands at her hips. "The fuck you are!" Her face was flushed. I had undoubtedly lit her short fuse, and she was about to explode. "We are going out tonight! You are going to meet someone and you are going to get over whatever slump you're in! I'm tired of you moping around all the time." "I just don't think this is a good idea, Jo." I stood from my bed and started collecting my things from the floor. "The least we could do is go out and get smashed tonight. Help me out, Prim!" I looked toward my sister. Her face was ducked down, her hair obscuring her pale complexion. "Well... I didn't come just to sit around." She was quiet, like she was afraid of it reaching my ears. "And it would be good for you to get out, Katniss." I continued gathering my clothes without looking at the two women. Jo stopped me a minute later. "You haven't been out, or with anyone since-" "I know Jo." I interrupted her before she could say his name. I didn't need to be reminded of him. "I don't know, I just- I just- I kind of like being alone, you know. He was always there, always hovering. Its nice to do what I want, and spend time by myself." Jo quirked a perfectly sculpted eyebrow at me. "Besides," I continued, "it's only been a couple months." "Only!" Johanna cried. She turned her bewildered gaze to Prim, "She says its only been a couple months." Prim shrugged her shoulders and focused back on her magazine. "Ooo, look, there's a competition for the best cinnamon rolls! Its tomorrow." I turn back to Jo, "I just don't want to go." "C'mon Brainless! Just for a few drinks? Girl's night out? I'm dying here." I just stared at her. She was about to go into her bargaining stage. "You don't even have to wear a dress!" I judged my options: a relaxing night in with a movie and a glass of red wine, or a rowdy bar with over priced cocktails and obnoxious music. I still don't find the outing appealing. "Just a few drinks?" Johanna jumped at the chance, "Of course." I looked to Prim who glanced in our direction waiting for my response. "Okay. I guess, but just for a couple drinks." Johanna cheered and went back to my tiny closet. She yanked out a pair of jeans and tossed them at me. I unfolded them, confused, I hadn't seen these jeans in years. I probably hadn't worn them since high school. I was sure they would be way too tight. "Jo-" I began to protest. "Shut it, Brainless. Just trust me." I huffed and made my way towards my adjoining bathroom. I stripped off the comfortable yoga pants I was wearing. I looked at the jeans with trepidation and hesitantly pulled them on. I was surprised when they easily slipped over my thighs and when I buttoned them they hung low on my hips. I glanced in the mirror, and decided they didn't look bad at all. I walked out of the bathroom and they both nodded in approval. Then Johanna said, "The shirt needs to go." I looked down at my old t-shirt from school. It was my track shirt, "I'm wearing jeans from high school, why not my shirt too?" "It hides your boobs." Jo stated without looking away from the shirts she was examining. "What boobs?" I joked. "Exactly." Her murmur was serious and her lips were pinched closed in concentration. "Try this." She threw an orange shirt towards my face and I caught it. It was a pale pastel color which was nice, but I couldn't remember why I never wear it. "Wait!" Jo stopped my progress to the washroom. She tugged at something underneath her own shirt and yanked out the straps. Then she tossed it at me. It was a black lacy contraption. "Your push up bra? Really Jo?" She cackled and nodded then ransacked my underwear drawer for another bra. "Yes really. Now go change." I went into the bathroom and pulled off my shirt; next to go was my thin sports bra. I sighed and tugged on Jo's bra. I situated myself in the constricting fabric and looked in the mirror. The thing made me look like I might actually have a decent sized chest. I smiled, getting excited. That was until I put on the orange top and instantly remembered why I don't like it. It was super low cut. You could even see the top of the bra's lacy cup. I shook my head and yanked up the top, but it just fell back to where it originally was. "Jo!" She opened the door and looked at me with a devilish grin. "You are insane if you think I'm going out in this." "Then call me crazy." "Jo!" I scolded her. "What? You look amazing, Brainless." "Isn't it a little much for girl's night?" "Listen. I know you're new at this and all, but you do want to attract a man don't you? Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but eventually right? Well, this is how you do it." I huffed in annoyance. I could attract someone without looking this inappropriate, but I was so tired of fighting with her on this, so I let it go. "Fine, you win." "I always do." She smirked. A n hour later we had stopped at Johanna's to let her change and were headed to some bar I didn't know the name of. Prim said it was supposed to be a rager. Whatever that meant. "The reviews say its low key and sophisticated." Prim gushed from the back seat of Jo's car. "That means suits and high end escorts." Jo quipped. I didn't know if she was being sarcastic or not. I didn't have the courage to ask, not that it would matter either way. We pulled into a parking space. There was a small line at the entrance, but Jo walked right past it to the bouncer. She looked him up and down; her eyes were deep and primal. She bit her lip suggestively. "Trying to get my friend here laid." She gestured towards me. The bouncer's eyes focused on me and wracked over my body, then paused at my exposed chest. Jo continued, "Do you think you could help us out?" The bouncer smirked and unhooked the rope that separated us from the bar. Jo smiled cattily and thanked him in a low, sensual voice. When she passed him she smacked his backside. I gaped at her. Its always surprising, the lengths she'll go to get what she wants. It was still early in the evening so there wasn't a lot of people in yet. We walked straight to the bar first to order some drinks. Jo tried to persuade us into shots but I persisted on my regular drink. I ordered a rum and coke and Prim ordered a sex on the beach. "Katniss needs sex on the beach." Jo scowled at me. I gave her a snarky face back and accepted my beverage. I made my way to a back corner booth that I hoped would be peaceful and relaxing. Prim arrived at the table shortly after I sat down. She gazed around trying to spot "hotties" and commenting her first impressions. I sipped at my drink nodding occasionally. When Jo arrived at the booth she was carrying a tray filled with shots. It must have been a hundred dollars worth of alcohol, at least with the prices here it was. I laughed bitterly. "I hope you didn't expect us to help you with those." "Ladies," Jo ignored me, "these are infamously called 'The Panty Dropper.' Five for each of you and two for me." "Well that makes me want one even less." I scoffed, taking another sip of my Jack and Coke. "Why do you only get two?" Prim's eyebrows crinkled. "I'm the D.D." She shrugged casually. "Or the puppet master." I snapped, only half joking. "Ooo I think I like that. The Puppet Master. But seriously rude much?" She placed five shots in front of me and five in front of Prim. "I don't like you corrupting my baby sister." "Oh please Katniss. You're more innocent than I am. Drink up bitch." I laughed, "You sure do know how to break me, Little Duck." "Yes!" Jo cheered, clapping her hands and bouncing in her seat. Prim took the first shot. Her lips puckered, but she "whooped" when she shook it of. "Those are good." "Katniss." Jo encouraged me. So I took my first shot and barely felt the burn of alcohol. I smiled at the small victory but it dropped from my lips when I looked to Johanna's expectant face. So I took another, swinging my head back and opening my throat. I shook my head back and forth as I felt the heat spread throughout my stomach. I slammed my palms on the table causing the shots to quake. The liquor sloshed silently. Jo's eyebrow arched for the twentieth time that night. "I did not spend all my money just so you could puss out after two shots." I groaned, "Just give me a minutes." My eyes were already having trouble focusing on the two faces in front of me. "Did you put something in these?" "Nope. They're just that good." I noticed Prim was now down to three shots as well. "One more, girls, then we'll toast." Prim wasn't concerned with Johanna, "Dibs on the hottie in the hat." I looked over and counted five different guys all wearing hats. Which one did she mean? My fuzzy mind couldn't form the question into words. Jo rolled her eyes, which made me slightly dizzy. "Shots, shots, shots!" She chanted, pounding her fists on the tabletop. I looked to prim and we sloppily grinned at one another. I lifted the glass to my lips and held my breath. Jo cheered, "Finally! Now I can start drinkin'!" I giggled noisily and clamped my hand over my mouth. "She giggles! Oh my gosh! She giggles when she's drunk!" Jo laughed boisterously. "He's so hot." Prim said, confusing me. "Which one?" I questioned. My bleary eyes skimmed the room. "Who cares? Man you guys are lightweights." Johanna shook her head in despair. "The one with the blue hat, in the plaid." Prim ignored her. "What does the hat say?" I tried to focus my eyes on the white lettering. "It says 'runner up' Brainless, now let's do shots!" Jo bitched.