Hi! This is a one-shot I needed to get out of my head. So i hope you enjoy adn i hope you review adn tell me what you think. Enjoy! Renesmee and Emmett were screaming at each other. They were in the middle of a serious game of Mario Cart and the prize was eternal glory and the privilege of giving the loser a mean nickname they would have to live with forever. Humans that wasn't used to Renesmee's and Emmett's foul language towards each other would probably gasp in horror when Emmett said things like: "I wished Bella would have swallowed you" to a six year old. Those of course if Renesmee had actually looked like a six year old instead of a young woman in her late teens. Or when Renesmee countered with: "Oh yeah? I sincerely hope you get your dick ripped off someday, you fucker!" The rest of the Cullen's had gotten quiet used to their behavior but preferred to leave the house when Renesmee and Emmett started the X-box. It could get real nasty. Not to forget that everyone knew that if they even thought about talking with them when they were in the middle of a game equaled a death wish. So when Renesmee's IPhone rang from somewhere under the couch she didn't bother to pick up. It would wait, she told herself and continued shouting swear words to her uncle. When it called once again she growled loudly, and Emmett grinned, sure of that he would win. Renesmee aimed and kicked him in the ribs; he stumbled a little to the left but didn't miss the turn on Rainbow Road. "Oh, you wanna play dirty?" He stepped in front of her and covered the TV, luckily Renesmee knew Rainbow Road like the back of her hand. She was not losing this. Not again. Last time she lost she had to eat an entire jar of peanut butter. What kind of punishment is that, you ask? But if you knew Renesmee you would know she hated it over anything in the world. The phone called for the third time. "You're not going to answer that?" Emmett mocked, still confident with his choice of Wario. "Suck my dick", Renesmee replied. Her hair was messy and her pajamas were beginning to wrinkle. Emmett on the other hand had taken his shirt off. Probably because he didn't want anything keeping him from moving the way he wanted to move. He really wanted to win this match as well. Last time he lost he had to settle with only drinking deer for half a year. No cougars, no grizzlies. It was a good six months, Renesmee thought for herself. They reached the finish line and just then Emmett pushed her aside and the phone rang. She lost. Emmett's booming laughs echoed in the entire house, so did Renesmee's curses. She blamed it on the phone. "Where's that little fucker?" She growled and threw the couch backwards so it collided with her father's piano. She couldn't care any less tough. As she grabbed the phone and was ready to crush it into nothing it called again. "What?!" She yelled frustrated into the little speaker. "Nessie, It's Jake!" This got her attention, Seth sounded stressed and scared. "What about him?" She asked a little bit calmer, she was still pissed though. "He was attacked, it bit him!" Renesmee was already out the door at the word 'attacked'. "Carlisle!" She yelled as loud as she could. He had to be somewhere close. Seth kept babbling in the phone but she couldn't hear him any longer. Her head was spinning. She thought about what Carlisle had told her about it felt like being bit by a vampire. "It's like you're on fire, drowned, trampled by bulls and thrown acid at, all at the same time." She couldn't even think about Jacob being exposed to something like that. She wanted to throw up. She heard Carlisle coming closer and didn't care to wait until he arrived to explain. "Jacob's been bitten, we need to get there. NOW!" He needed to hurry up; Renesmee had already begun to run towards the reservation before Carlisle had even reached the house. It took forever, when she reached the lake she could hear him scream. It was like this wasn't true, it wasn't happening. Not to Jake, he was supposed to be strong; he was supposed to know what he was doing. He was smart enough not to get attacked. The pulse in her ear wasn't even beating anymore, it was vibrating. Black patterns covered her sight and it got harder to breath. Jacob screamed again, a piercing horrible scream that only belong in torture chambers. If Renesmee hadn't been so scared she would have noticed the cold snow against her bare feet, she would have noticed the cold wind and she would have made a better decision than to run out in only a pair of pajamas shorts and a thin tank top. But why would all of that matter if Jacob died? Renesmee could make out the little red house behind the trees. "Renesmee, stay!" Her father ordered when she reached the door, ready to do what she could to save Jacob from the excruciating pain he was in. She hadn't even noticed her father had followed her. "Hold her", he ordered someone else and suddenly two pairs of hot hands held her as she fought to get through. What were they doing?! Let me go, she thought and used all the strength she had to get free. "Nessie, listen! Listen!" She was quiet sure it was Seth how was talking to her but she couldn't focus on him now. She needed to know what was going on inside of these walls. "Look at me!" A rough couple of hands that belonged to Seth grabbed her face while the other pair of hands that belonged to Quil held her arms around tight her back. Her eyes locked with Seth's and he waited another moment before he spoke. "Calm down, Ness. You don't want to see it, don't go in there. Trust me." "What does that mean?" She questioned, out of breath, and tears in her eyes. Seth's face got blurry. He didn't answer her question. "Let them take care of it. Okay?" Renesmee nodded slowly, as if she had given up, and Quil let go of her limb arms. "Jacob, lie still." Edward order once again. "How the FUCK am I supposed to do that?!" Jacob questioned and followed the question up by another scream. Not being held up by Quil and Seth caused her knees to buckle underneath her and she fell towards the snow covered ground. "And up you go", Seth said and grabbed Renesmee's arms before her knees hit the ground. He lifted her up and sat her down on the hood of Jacob's rabbit. She looked around for the first time and noticed that it was more people here than she would have guessed. Billy had rolled out of the house and had his eyes closed. Renesmee wondered if he prayed. Charlie was here too. He flinched every time Jacob screamed and Renesmee did too, she couldn't possibly know that herself since she couldn't feel her body anymore. She looked around once again. The ground up to the front door was covered in blood and Renesmee felt the urge to throw up once again. "What happened?" Renesmee asked Seth, her voice was creepy empty and raw. She usually had the sweetest voice anyone had ever heard. It was like she wasn't even there. Seth was trying to warm her up by rubbing his hands against her arms. He stood between her legs and held her body close to his. Charlie, who had no idea what the hell had happened decided to pay attention to his granddaughter instead. He couldn't understand where she and the rest of the Cullen's had come from, neither could he understand why she wasn't dressed. So he handed Seth his jacket and he placed it over Renesmee's shoulders. "I heard him howl, so I phased. I saw him fight with this vampire. The leech sank its teeth into his shoulder and then crushed him. Before I got there the leeched had managed to scratch his skin up pretty bad, and it wasn't healing…" Seth explained. "It was blood everywhere. Well, you can see that for yourself." Seth said with a hushed tone so Charlie couldn't make a word out about what his step-son said. Jacob wasn't screaming anymore. Those with super hearing, Quil, Seth and Renesmee, could hear him breathing slowly, his heart beat had slowed down, and it was only beating a few times every minute. They were all thinking the same but it was like the three of them couldn't grasp the thought. Jacob couldn't die. Jacob wasn't dying. He would be fine. They all thought in denial. It was like the time stopped every time they waited for another heartbeat. "Jacob? Can you hear me?" Carlisle asked but Edward was the one to reply. "Yes, he can." "I'm going to break your bones again, I'm sorry." No. No. No. Not again, please. I don't care. Just let me sleep, Jacob thought. He had been through so much pain already, he just wanted to rest. The group of people outside of Billy Blacks house all recoiled when another scream filled the night air. There was series of loud cracks and Renesmee got of the hood. What were they doing to him? If he was going to die, he should die in peace. "Nessie!" Seth threw himself over the little hybrid as she raced towards the white old door. He held her to the ground as she writhed under him. "Let me go!" "Quil help me!" Quil grabbed the little vampire's arms and kept her from clawing his brother's eyes out. Charlie watched in horror how it needed two grown men to keep someone as small as his granddaughter down. Of course, he had always known she was something extraordinary. But it had been a while since the thought had occurred to him. As a kid she could grow a foot in just a couple of months, lately the changes hadn't been that massive. Billy didn't care about the scene before him; he prayed Jacob would be okay. He had almost lost his son once to the hands of a vampire; he didn't want it to happen again. Tears spilled over from Renesmee's eyes. It was like she was dying, her heart hurt so bad it was causing her not to be able to breathe properly. She wished someone would snap her neck so she didn't need to hear the love of her life die. She wished she could have told him. She wished she had told him that she loved him more than a friend. Tell him that she wanted to spend every minute of every day being completely his. "Renesmee listen to me", Seth begged. He was near crying too. Hearing his brother's and alpha's heart being on the verge of stopping was too much. "Listen to me; don't think about-" Another heartbreaking scream. "- that ." He finished with his eyes tight shut together. "Hey, do you wanna know something?" Seth asked Nessie and thought about what Jacob had thought before the pain had completely taken over. Renesmee, who had found enough of strength to calm down nodded slowly and wiped she cheeks with the back of her, now free, hands. "Do you want to know what he thought about before the pain took over completely?" She nodded once again. This actually brought a smile to Seth's lips. "He thought: Damn, now I never get to tell Ness I love her." Renesmee stopped crying and looked up from the bloody ground. He had actually thought that, she thought. Didn't he already know that I knew? She thought next. She had known a long