Hi guys! It's been a while since I wrote anything and published it and my excuse is school. It's been crazy the last couple of months (and still is) but I finally find some time to sit down and write this piece that's been bothering me for months. If you have read any of my other stories you know that English is not my first language so there might be some grammar mistakes here and there. Anyway I hope you enjoy this story and if you want more just check out my other stories, it would make me super happy. Stay awesome! "Are you excited?" Renesmee's warm breath trickled my neck and I shuddered, in a good way. "I guess?" I replied. I mean, it's been years since I've seen Rebecca; I barely spoke to her either. I guess the thing I was excited about was the baby. A little girl, Awa, I've only seen pictures from a couple of months ago when it was red and new born. Not a pretty sight. I hoped they had cleaned her up. "Jacob, watch the puddle!" Ness said in my ear and I avoided the dirty water on the road with an inch. "Don't you dare ruin my dress", Renesmee warned, I could feel her smiling against my neck. Having her lips so close was torture, pure torture. Why would I want to ruin her dress? The light blue summer dress was the answer to all my prayers. It had slid up so far her things were bare pressed to the outside of mine. I resisted the urge to let go of the motorcycle handles and touch her smooth legs. Her arms were wrapped hard around my torso and her chest was pressed against my back. Oh god, I wanted her. I saw myself pressing her up against a wall in a room where no one could hear us. I wanted to taste her neck and her lips, feel her. I was awoken by a loud honk. Ness laughed and I turned my head to see my Embry and Quil, passing us in Embry's shitty Toyota. Quil whistled and wiggle his eyebrows towards Ness and she laughed even louder. "Don't be a perv!" She yelled over the sounds of the bike and car. "Race them!" She ordered me and I happily obliged. I speed up as far as my bike would go and Embry and Quil accepted the challenge. We raced down a gravel road, the tires slides when we made turns and I feared that we might go down the ditch, it wouldn't be the first time. Renesmee doesn't seem to mind though, since we're winning. The shitty Toyota is going to suffer Embry's rage. There were so many cars at Rachel's and Paul's place already. But they had heard us coming assumed because it seemed like pretty much everyone was out on the big porch. I parked the bike by Paul's truck and grinned at Embry and Quil as they came rolling in as losers. "How's that car of yours doing?" I mocked and Embry glared. "What car? Oh, you mean this piece of shit?" Embry turned his glare from me to Ness, but the glare didn't last long. "Hey Loch Ness, how old are you today?" He hugged her hard and then let Quil forward so he could hug her as well, everyone loved Renesmee Cullen. "How old do I look like?" "You could easily pull of 18", Quil said but he didn't look at her, he look right at me with a stupid grin on his face. I wanted to punch him because I knew what he was thinking, what all of them were thinking. Why weren't they dating already? The question to that was simple. Renesmee. Whatever she wanted and for now she wasn't ready for anything like that, No matter what she said. "Hey!" Rachel yelled from the porch and waved for us to come up. Rachel, who hadn't seen me since my birthday, flung her arms around my neck and kissed my cheeks, a little too much consider we talked on the phone yesterday. "Okay… that's enough", I groaned and grabbed her wrist so I could get out of her grip. "Where's Becca?" Okay, I might be a little excited to see her. "Inside, changing diapers." I decided to let her come to me. "Nessie! You look so pretty!" And I knew I had lost Ness for the next fifteen minutes. "Jacob, my handsome boy!" Another set of arms were around my neck and I had no idea who it was. When the woman finally let me go I saw who it was: my aunt Connie. Wow, haven't seen her for years. "Will you look at that? So grown-up. It still feels like you're still sixteen sometimes." Connie grabbed my face and turned it sideways, as to examine me. I could assure her that I hadn't changed much the past six years. "So handsome, I bet all the girls turn their heads when you walk past." I wouldn't know, I only see one girl. I heard someone snort, probably Embry. What was he doing here anyways? "Jacob already has a girlfriend", Billy decided to cut in and I wanted to grab that chair and wheel him off a cliff. "Really? Who?" Aunt Connie squealed. Suddenly Renesmee was there. "I assume Billy is talking about me since I'm the only girl Jacob knows how to communicate with, but much to Billy's disappointment I have to inform you that Jake and I are not dating." She spoke fast and finished with a flashing smile towards Billy. I chuckled. Billy sighed and wheeled away. "One day, you'll see, one day." He murmured, knowing perfectly well we all could hear him. "And who are you, dear?" Connie asked while she shook my Nessie's hand. "Renesmee, nice to meet you. Connie Littlesea right?" At Renesmee's name Connie's smile became awfully lot more forced. Oh right, they knew what she was. "Renesmee, of course, I've heard about you from my son." After a couple of years, Collin decided to tell his parents he turned into a giant wolf. They had taken it fairly well, but they had panicked a little when he told them about vampires. When they a little while after heard that I had imprinted on one they had taken freaked out, at least that's what Collin had told me. Collin and Renesmee got along well, but she still scared his parents, Kevin and Connie. Renesmee knew that they were afraid of her; I could see that she immediately wanted to prove them wrong. She wasn't dangerous, and she hated when people looked at her with wide eyes. Don't get me wrong, she could seem dangerous when she wanted to, but looking at her now. Even the thought was ridiculous. "Who are you and what did you do to my little brother?" I turned around and Rebecca hurried toward me, it felt nice hugging her again. It's been like three years since I actually saw her, and it had been on Skype. I had been in collage at the time, yes Carlisle made me go. I would have preferred to stay home and play with Ness. I had had a bunch of tests and wouldn't be able to make it home to La Push while she was visiting. So the only solution was to Skype. "Hey Becca", I said as I loosened my arms around her. She had tears in her eyes and I told her she was being ridiculous, she agreed. She scanned me from head to toes; I could see the question in her eyes. Is he taking steroids? "It's so good to see you", she said and hugged me quickly again. I turned to introduce Nessie but she was nowhere to be found, I could hear her though, she was just inside the door talking to her biggest fan ever: Rachel's daughter Maiah. I could introduce them later. "So what have you been up to?" Rebecca asked and I snorted. "Me? What about you? I do recall getting a picture of one little red slime baby." She immediately tugged me along so I could say hello so my newest niece. This time the little thing was cleaned up. Awa was being held by her father at the moment, but he gave her to me as soon as he caught sight of me. "Nice to see you again, Jacob." He greeted and I mumbled a hello. I was way too busy concentrating on not dropping the kid. Sure, I had held babies before, Renesmee for example, but she could hold herself up and wasn't so fragile. This little thing was totally defenseless. But it was cute, really cute. Awa looked surprised pretty much all the time. Her hair was pitching black and her eyes matched her hair. It was indeed a very cute niece I held. "Sup' buddy," I said to the fragile girl in my arms. "Jake, look here", Ness called out and I turned around, at the same time she snapped a picture of me with the camera that never left her side. She must have about ten thousand pictures of me alone. "I hoped you got my good side?" I joked. "Is this were you want me to tell you that you don't have a bad one?" She questioned and showed me the picture. I had to be honest, it was a pretty nice picture, and Ness really knew how to capture a moment. "Yes, of course. Now tell me, woman", I ordered her. We both knew it was just a joke but Rebecca and Solomon did not. They stared at me wide eyed. "I'm sorry sir, you look handsome." She bowed her head a little and I nodded in approval. When Ness looked up again the laughter was sparkling in her eyes, I grinned and chuckled a little. "Oh yeah, I forgot! This is Nessie, Nessie this is Rebecca and her husband Solomon." I remembered and Nessie shook their hands. "Not his girlfriend, I knew you were wondering, just clearing it out now. Anyways, nice to meet you. And that is a very cute baby you have there, Jake. Is it yours?" "Actually it yours", I countered. "Is that so, what I lucky mother I should be, because that thing is cute as hell ", she said and brushed a gentle finger against Awa's cheek. Awa started to move in my arms and a small hand locked around Nessie's pinky. I saw in the corner of my eye how the proud parents smiled and watched their baby in awe. They had all the rights in the world to do so. "Nessie?" I looked down at the little girl tugging in my imprintee's dress. Nessie bend down so Maiah could whisper in her ear. I heard how she asked Ness about seeing the baby. I crouched before Nessie could forward the question to me and Maiah looked delighted. She looked at her cousin in amazement and Nessie hurried to take aother picture. "So little", Maiah observed and I nodded. "You were this small once upon a time too", I explained and Maiah giggled. "No I wasn't." There was no use in arguing with Maiah because somehow she always won. She was a sneaky little bastard. I handed the baby back to Solomon and took lifted Maiah up instead. "Okay, buddy, what have you've been up to since I last saw you?" I figured Maiah needed some attention today as well. "My tooth is loose!" She immediately explained and showed me. I guess she's been dying to tell someone that all day. "Really?! Do you want uncle Jake to pull it out?" She immediately closed her mouth and rapidly shook her head. I had to smile. "Don't worry boo bear, I won't. But you know, daddy might, he is a lot meaner than me." I said just as I saw Paul coming towards us. "Don't