This story was inspired from a beautiful pierce of fanart off of tumblr over a year ago. It's by ishelmascarinas. Enjoy this Mortal Highschool AU with Skater!Percy and Cheerleader!Annabeth Percy Jackson knew he would regret being in his step-dad's English class. It wasn't that Paul wasn't cool, he was, and everyone knew it. All the kids at Goode High School wanted to be in Mr. Blofis' classes. Because, Percy knew from experience, Paul just got it. He marked you by your own scale, by what you could do, and actually put effort into each and every one of his students. He made English enjoyable for an ADHD, dyslexic, teenage delinquent. (Paul preferred the word miscreant, but most adults disagreed. Percy couldn't fault them there.) And this is why Percy now found himself sitting beside the girl he'd had a crush on since the seventh grade and Paul was winking at him as he called out the seating plan for the term. Annabeth Chase was everything Percy wasn't. Smart, popular without trying, class president and deputy head cheerleader. To top it all off, Percy thought she was probably the hottest girl in school. Her blond hair was always pulled back in a no-nonsense ponytail. Her grey eyes made it seem like she was taking you apart piece by piece. Being around her made Percy's tongue tie in a way that made him seem either stupid or like an asshole, or more likely a stupid asshole. And now she was sitting beside him in a class that he struggled to get a C in (with the teacher's help on all his homework) and he was doomed. He was so, so doomed. "Percy Jackson!" yelled Mr. Blofis. Percy jumped to attention, nearly toppling out of his seat. He heard Annabeth chuckle along with the rest of the class. He knew his face was probably beet red. "What?" grumbled Percy. Paul dangled one of the books they were going to be reading for the next few weeks from his fingertips. "I called you name three times, Percy. Come on guys," he addressed the class, "I know its early and you're all still in summer mode, but drink some coffee or something." "Great idea," muttered Percy as he stood up, "give the severely ADHD kid coffee before his least favourite subject. We always need another Leo." Beside him, Annabeth stifled a snort. Either she knew Leo Valdez or she was still laughing at how much of an idiot Percy was. His embarrassment increased. "Like your spot?" asked Paul with a wink. Percy snatched the book out of his hands. "This was Mom's idea, wasn't it?" Annabeth Chase hated English class. There was no other subject that she could possibly hate as much as she hated English. There was just so much reading; it took her hours to get through it all. And while she knew she was the smartest person in her grade— thank you very much— she also knew that the amount of concentration and the amount of Adderall she took to maintain that concentration would probably be the death of her. At least, that's what she thought as she walked into Mr. Blofis' classroom. (She was really, really glad he was her teacher, he always gave her a break on spelling and grammar if the content was there.) Then her teacher paired her up with Percy freaking Jackson. Percy was everything Annabeth didn't need in her life. He was a skater who managed to sleep through 70% of his classes, skimming by in his grades. He was a total trouble maker with that naturally brooding look of his, even if Annabeth saw that most of the trouble he got into wasn't his fault. He also happened to have the most beautiful sea green eyes Annabeth had ever seen. And maybe his hair was perfectly tousled and his crooked smile was part sarcastic-part sweet but it was all trouble. Like she said, she didn't need that kind of distraction. She had an enormous pile of shit to do and that boy and his "baby seal pout" (as Piper so gracefully put it) were not going to get in her way. Especially not in the class from hell. Two weeks into the new semester and Percy could tell that Annabeth Chase— all around scholastic superstar— hated English just as much, or more, than he did. She never said anything, not even a grumble, but sometimes she would snort or hum in agreement when he cursed under his breath in class. And judging by the test with a big ol' C+ written on top that sat in front of her, Annabeth was just as shitty at reading comprehension as Percy was. He could feel her frustration at the bad-for-her grade and he tried to cover up his matching mark. If she noticed that one of the school's most infamous slackers had the same mark as her on a test then she would probably burst. Percy had seen that once before: eighth grade graduation when she had been in charge of organizing the event and nothing she planned had gone as, well, planned. It was terrifying. He never wanted to see that again. "Paul has extra tests at home if you want practice." The words were out of his mouth and whispered to her before he had time to think through his decision. "Excuse me?" Owlish, grey eyes fixed on him, an unimpressed stare firmly in place. If Percy wasn't sitting so close to her— damn it, why had he leaned in closer to whisper? She was going to think he was creeping on her and he just wanted to help— he would never have seen the frustration etched into her features. "Uh, Mr. Blofis. He has extra practice tests that you could ask for." Annabeth slid her test underneath her notebook with her elbow. Percy was stuttering and didn't know exactly how to stop. Her stare was more than a little unnerving and her hair was curly like a princess and, wow, she was even hotter up close. And now she was probably going to chew him out for creeping on her paper, then her, then stuttering like an idiot. Annabeth expelled the breath she was holding slowly. Her whole posture softened, from her eyes to the way she gripped her pencil. "Thanks, Percy, but I don't need to see any more questions I don't understand anyway." "They have answer keys." Percy winced at his own words. Gods, he was just killing it with his words today. Luckily, Annabeth just rolled her eyes. "I don't need an answer key, Percy. I need someone to sit and explain to me what the hell I missed in the question to screw up that badly." "Lucky for you, your desk partner has an in with the teacher. If I ask for help— because let's be real, I always need help— then you could come over and he'll go over it with both of us." "Seriously?" asked Annabeth. Percy shrugged at her. His small bout of smoothness had disappeared as fast as it had appeared. "When?" "Tonight should be a good night for Paul. And I'm not exactly the king of commitments, so-" "Tonight I actually have nothing. Wait- no I have cheer. Would around 6:00 work?" Percy wondered if Annabeth ever had a spare moment to herself. Then he realized he should probably answer her. "6:00 is good." Smooth. Gods, he was so smooth. Annabeth considered him carefully. Percy tried very hard not to flinch away from her eye-contact. Then she snatched his phone off his side of the table and typed in his passcode perfectly. She fiddled for a few moments before handing him back the phone. "You've got my number now. Check with Mr. Blofis after class and text me if it's all good." "Y-yeah, sure." "It's a date." Annabeth went back to her worksheet. Percy stared at her in amazement. Annabeth Chase somehow knew his passcode. Annabeth Chase had just put her number in his phone. Annabeth Chase just called coming over to his apartment (Holy Shit, she was coming to his apartment) a date even if it wasn't. And just like that, Percy knew he was so royally screwed. Annabeth had said it was a date. She didn't know why, it just slipped out. And, of course, that's what her stupid brain decided to focus on as the two of them sat at his kitchen table, waiting for Mr. Blofis to get home, instead of the homework they both were supposed to be wading through. Or Percy was. Annabeth had just finished everything but English. She counted herself lucky that it had been a light day and that the subway ride here was a decent length. "I thought you said 6:00 was good, Percy?" said Annabeth. She didn't mean to sound so accusatory. "It was," defended Percy, "Some emergency staff meeting was called at the school. He's been there for hours." "Drew Tanaka trying to worm her way back onto the debate club after my decision to cut her from the team. It's not my fault, or the schools, that she has weak arguments," she informed him. Mr. Blofis just happened to be the supervisor for debate club. "So this is your fault," said Percy. Annabeth opened her mouth to argue but couldn't. "I guess it is." Percy shrugged and look down at his paper. He was doing math and Annabeth could tell he was struggling, and not just from the "3" he was drawing backwards. His paper was creasing from the amount of times he'd erased the question. Annabeth leaned in closer and snatched the pencil from his hand. "You're doing this wrong." "I always do it wrong," groaned Percy, "That's why my mom buys erasers in bulk." Annabeth rolled her eyes and tapped the pencil against the paper. "Not the whole question, you Seaweed Brain. Just this part. Everything is right until here. All you need to do is find a common factor and divide for a fraction." "Seaweed Brain?" His green eyes were sparkling, his lips twisted in his amusement. His eyebrows had risen to hide underneath his backwards hat. Annabeth internally rolled her eyes. That seemed to be her usual reaction to him. Slight irritation with a generous helping of amusement because, dear gods, this boy was ridiculous. (And, if she was honest, slight attraction. She wasn't blind; the boy was hot. Especially since the shirt he'd chosen today happen to show off a fair bit tanned skin. And muscles she was pleasantly surprised about.) "Considering that's the part you focused on, yes, Seaweed Brain. Your head is clearly full of kelp. Now do the problem," Annabeth ordered. She tried to focus on the problem and getting back into her own head. She was trying not to focus on the body heat he was radiating or how he smelled just a little bit like the ocean. Scooching in this close to him had probably been a bad idea. "I need my pencil, O' Wise Girl," he joked before sobering. "What do I do again?" Annabeth's stomach fluttered a bit at the nickname. She didn't think he realized he said it, just the usual Percy Jackson brand of sarcasm. Annabeth handed him back the pencil and walked him through the steps. Percy was a surprisingly good listener. Annabeth guided him through the rest of the questions, helping him when he got lost and reminding him to focus. She realized that Percy wasn't stupid; far from it. If she had to guess, Annabeth would say his dyslexia and ADHD were about as bad as hers, maybe even worse. Annabeth had always written Percy off as lazy. Really, he just got frustrated and gave up, whereas Annabeth forced herself to work through things even when all she wanted to do was scream really, really loudly. Annabeth wondered just how many people had written off Percy for his attitude and general looks. "Thanks, Annabeth. I