Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings mostly belongs to Tolkien and other bits and pieces belong to Peter Jackson. I'm merely borrowing some of their characters for a bit of fun and I promise I'll put them back nice and neat when I'm done. Author's Note: I know—I have no business starting a new fic when I've got so many others to work on. However, a plot bunny bit me today; hence this fic. You can't just ignore plot bunnies…Anyhow, the usual rules for reviewing apply—that is, feel free to give constructive criticism and feedback and such, but please express your opinion in a civil manner. I don't shy away from constructive criticism, but flaming is rather pointless (though I suppose it works if your goal is to make me laugh). A Written Penance By Blue Kat Chapter One: Charged and Convicted It was Gabby's fault, of course. Jane would never have gotten into this situation without Gabby's involvement. Gabby accepted the blame with a shrug; after all, it really wasn't a big deal. Not yet, anyway. It was all very well for Gabby, of course—she had more experience and was able to resist temptation more often than not. Jane, on the other hand, found that her normally rigid sense of self-control had dwindled drastically (again, Gabby's fault). If it hadn't been for Gabby, Jane would never have known about it at all and the entire situation wouldn't even be an issue. The situation in question is rather simple—a natural curiosity that developed into an interest and then something akin to addiction, though Jane would never admit that it had reached that point. "It's just a hobby," she often rationalized to both herself and her critics. "Yeah, a hobby that's taking up most of your waking hours," said the sensible part of her brain. Luckily for her, she had developed the ability to ignore such comments—usually with the help of her new hobby. The hobby in question is neither destructive nor unhealthy, as the tone of this narrative might suggest. At times, it could prove to be an inconvenience, as it had a bit of an addictive quality that Jane couldn't quite ignore. It was intriguing and inspiring, amusing and addictive, and really quite fun. It was fan fiction. It started with a simple link. "You have to read this," Gabby's email had said. "I know you're not really into this kind of stuff, but this is an absolute riot ." Jane, having nothing else to do, clicked on the link and was immediately swept into a side-splittingly funny Star Wars parody. She had to admit that she sort of liked it and thought perhaps there was a point to Gabby's seemingly obscure interest in fan fiction. Out of curiosity, she typed 'fan fiction' into her search engine. She was immediately bombarded by a plethora of websites devoted to not only Star Wars fan fiction, but all kinds of fan fiction. Harry Potter , ER , Spongebob Squarepants , Forrest Gump , Gilmore Girls , To Kill A Mockingbird , and (surprisingly) Teletubbies —everything seemed to have a fan fiction following. After following a few random links and reading a few assorted stories, Jane stumbled into a section she would soon find herself spending most of her time in. She had meant to click on the Lord of the Flies link, but mistakenly clicked on Lord of the Rings . She thought she might as well give it a try—she had seen the movies and read one of the books and liked them well enough to have a minor interest in the trilogy. After all, she was only going to read for twenty minutes or so—she might as well read a section she was slightly familiar with. Three and a half hours, five Oreos, half a bag of chips, a bag of Sour Patch Kids, seven carrots, and a glass of water later, she was hooked. Additionally, she was more or less out of food. "I don't know why it's so damn addictive ," she said to Gabby on the phone the next morning as she made up a grocery list. "I was on the computer for well over three hours—I never do that." "It's strange like that," Gabby replied. "You only plan to read a chapter or two, and then it turns into a fic or two, then two or three, then three or four. And then, of course, you want to write one of your own." "Write one…" Jane mused thoughtfully. "There's a thought." "It's a ceaseless cycle," remarked Gabby. Jane couldn't ignore the fact that she wanted to write a fic. The idea had begun nagging at her several days after her first reading. At first, it was just a sketch of a character and a breath of a plot; nothing significant. However, the idea soon became wedged in her brain and she often found herself mulling over phantom chapters. Reading fan fiction didn't quell her urge to write—it only gave fuel to the narrative that swarmed through her thoughts. The writing started one dreary Saturday afternoon a week or so later. The rain drizzled against the apartment's small windows and there was a leak in the living room ceiling. Jane had called the landlord earlier to inform him of the problem—he simply advised that she put a bucket under it and deal with it until the plumber fixed the faulty toilet in 3A. Irritated and bored, Jane paced lazily throughout her apartment, idly shuffling through her belongings, looking to see if something needed her immediate attention. Her computer hummed quietly in the corner, the screen flickering slightly. She frowned and looked at the machine, seemingly puzzled. After a moment or two, she quietly approached the computer and sat down, staring at the screen. "I suppose I might as well," she said to herself. She opened the word processor and began to type. It was slow at first—she had a bit of trouble with the introduction—but as she continued, her keystrokes slowly became quicker and her words more certain. The words themselves seemed to fly through her fingertips faster than she could type, every phrase, every sentence demanding to be written all at once. It was a rush; it was invigorating. It was fun . At five o'clock she scrolled through the document, realizing that she had written well over ten pages. She felt a great sense of accomplishment and her previous doubts seemed unfounded. Smiling contentedly, she hit 'Save' and shut down her computer. The file sat in her computer for several days, drifting into her thoughts more often than not. She opened it from time to time and read through it, making the necessary adjustments and fixing the occasional typo. Overall, she thought it was pretty good, and she gradually began to entertain the idea of posting the story. "You wrote one?" inquired Gabby over the telephone. "Yeah… Lord of the Rings ," Jane replied. "It's over ten pages." She added this rather proudly—she'd never thought she'd be able to write that much. "Really? Are you going to post it, then?" "I don't know," admitted Jane. "I'm not sure if it's something I'd want to post—I'm not sure how it will be received. I'd hate to work really hard on something and then have people tell me it sucks, you know? It kind of undermines the entire endeavor." "I'll read it, if you want," offered Gabby. "Sometimes it helps, you know, to have someone read it before you post. It helps work out minor details and typos before you give it up to the public domain." "We-ell…" said Jane, chewing thoughtfully on her lip, "you have to promise not to laugh—but I don't want you to sugarcoat it for me, either. You have to tell me what you really, truly, and honestly think, even if it's the most horrible thing you've ever read." "Do you honestly think I'd let you post something horrible and leave you open to public ridicule?" asked Gabby. "Winter Formal sophomore year you neglected to inform me that I had broccoli stuck in my teeth until after the last dance," stated Jane, twirling the telephone cord around her finger. "It's no wonder Brad didn't try to kiss me." "Come on, he asked you out anyway," argued Gabby. "Yeah…it only took him until senior year to actually do it." "He wasn't that good looking anyway," said Gabby, laughing. "But I've got to go—email me your fic and I'll give you my honest opinion." "So, I read your chapter," said Gabby on the phone the next day. "Really?" asked Jane, eagerly. "What did you think? Honestly, I mean." Gabby flinched. This wasn't making it any easier. "Well," she began, "it was pretty good…you have some really good description." "You're not just saying that?" "No, I really liked your description of Rivendell. It was really eloquent…" "Really?" "Oh yeah," Gabby replied, "I also liked the whole part by the fountain—you had a lot of really good imagery." "What about the character? What did you think of her?" asked Jane. Gabby flinched again—this was the question she had been dreading. "And your vocabulary was really great," she continued, as if she hadn't heard Jane. "And I didn't see any typos either…" "But what about the character?" "Oh, your description of her was really good, too. I got a really clear picture of her—" "No, no, I mean, what did you think of her as a character . Her characterization and all that," Jane clarified. Gabby gulped. "Er—well…" Life is full of beneficial and detrimental coincidences; in Gabby's case, it was a rather lucky coincidence that at that exact moment, Jane's call-waiting beeped. It was also incredibly lucky for Gabby that the person on the other line happened to be Jane's mother, a woman well-known for her ability to make a two-minute conversation a thirty-minute ordeal. Jane looked at the Caller ID and sighed. "Gabby, my mom's on the other line." Gabby mouthed a silent 'thank you' toward the ceiling. "Oh…darn…" she said into the phone, trying to sound genuine. "I'll—er—call me later, then." "Okay—then you can finish telling me what you—" "Oh! Someone's at the door!" lied Gabby. "Ibettergetthatgottagobye!" She hung up the phone before Jane had a chance to reply. She breathed a quick sigh of relief and plopped down on the sofa, contemplating how exactly she was going to tell her friend that her character was a blatant Mary Sue. Jane, on the other hand, was not as preoccupied as Gabby (although talking with her mother always left her somewhat drained). Luckily for her (not so much for Gabby), her mother was in a bit of a hurry and had to cut their conversation short after about an hour or so. Jane called Gabby shortly after she hung up with her mother, but Gabby's answering machine picked up, leaving Jane without further feedback. Frustrated and somewhat antsy, Jane sat down at the computer, and opened up her file. She read through it a couple times, her opinion of the chapter somewhat strengthened by Gabby's earlier praise. She called Gabby after her fourth or fifth reading. No answer. She reread the chapter again and fiddled with a few sentences. She checked her email and deleted three pieces of junk mail from three different people who wanted to increase her manhood and another from an individual who was very interested in the stability of her bank account and needed her account numbers immediately. She replied to two others—one from her mother and another from her cousin. She reread the chapter twice. She called Gabby again. No answer. Jane stared at the computer screen for a moment. She felt strange admitting it, but she really wanted to post her story. Sure, she and Gabby hadn't really talked about the entire chapter, but Gabby's general opinion seemed to be positive and that had really boosted Jane's overall confidence. After a moment's pause, she typed in the address of