So I don't think there's a single person who doesn't think Redemption needed a complete overhaul. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't good either. It could be better. I wanted it to be better. Thanks to one thing or another it never got there. Well. I am now taking the time to make it better. I hope everyone can enjoy the complete rewrite of A Wizard's Redemption. I know it makes more sense to me story wise and it seems to flow a heck of a lot better compared to what I'll call the first draft. Plus it's more interesting. Enjoy. Warnings: This story is shonen ai, slash, gay, whatever you wish to call it. It's also a sequel. If you haven't read A Wizard's Lament, you aren't going to understand everything. Notes: (X) is pov change and or time jump Chapter, 1: Swaying Nightmare Protecting your home and family against the dark forces 1. You are advised not to leave the house alone. "No, no, don't! Please!" Harry's pleading seemed to make no difference. His hands wrapped tightly around his arm did no better. Tried as he might, the two of them kept moving towards the row of prophecies. The others in the room completely ignored them, the two might as well have been ghosts. A spell shot past Harry's arm barely missing him and he managed to tighten his grip more. "You're going to die!" They were standing next to the shelf that held the prophecy about Harry's life, the sphere itself glowing, just waiting for someone to grab it. "Oh good. I can finally get away from you." With complete ease Tom tore his arm away from Harry's hands. "No!" Harry lunged forward, but caught nothing. His boyfriend's face looked peaceful as he touched the prophecy and turned into a ghost only to vanish through the shelf. "Tom!" He tried to catch his hand, tried to go after him, looked behind the shelf, but his boyfriend was nowhere in sight. A large crashing sound had him jerking around. Now he was standing in the dark empty room. It was always the same, dark, endless, nothing until he finally managed to wake up. A quiet shuffling sound had his ears perking up and he looked towards the source. Someone was actually in the room with him, he could feel it. Cautiously he moved towards the figure he somehow knew was there. His eyes seemed to adjust to the darkness, the figure turning to look at him and his body relaxed. "Don't do that! I thought you had died." A smile crept across Tom's face. "Something like that kill me?" Harry took a step back, Tom's hand grabbing him. His eyes were suddenly slanted, his pupils slits, his nose was gone, fangs protruding over his lipless mouth. His body was covered head to toe in scales, claws where fingers had been were now piercing into Harry's arm, blood pooling at the newly formed wounds. "T, Tom!" The pain was horrible, white lights flashing before his eyes. "You should know I'd never leave you. You belong to me." Harry could feel his consciousness slipping, the claws digging in deeper. "I'm never letting you go!" Harry was jerked forward into Tom's embrace then. "No one will ever accept you like I will. I will give you up to no one!" Harry noticed his boyfriend had brought his clawed fingers to his mouth and was shucking on them. "You're blood is always so sweet. Must be your mother's love." Another loud crash. Harry's entire body jerked. He was finally back in his own bed, his eyes wide, chest heaving. Draco was beside him sitting, a potion bottle in his hand, empty. Seconds later Draco's form dimmed leaving behind a misty ghost like one. Another crash. Harry rubbed his eyes sitting up, for once grateful for his stupid uncle's intrusion. At least he'd timed it to free Harry from another nightmare, not that he would be letting him know that. The door came open hitting the wall with enough force to leave an indent from the handle. His uncle was in the room then, shouting about one thing or another, Harry could hardly keep up. His mind kept going back to the snake creature that had supposedly been Tom. While the other nightmare had been a common occurrence, the creature had been a new addition. "-And in my house! I will not tolerate this! This boy must go at once!" Uncle Vernon's face was red on the verge of turning purple. Harry hoped the man didn't have a heart attack. His aunt would never let him back in the house if he did. His Uncle's pointer finger shot out in front of Harry's face, the man wheezing as he seemed to think about what his next words should be. "This ends now! You are lucky enough we tolerate you coming here during the summer, but to bring some stranger, some body! And to sleep in the same bed...!" Harry held back a sigh. He would have found the entire situation amusing if his uncle didn't do it almost every night. He seemed to think if he could get into Harry's room at random times, he would eventually catch Harry and Draco in some horrible act. Thanks to the ghostly visage in Harry's bedside cabinet, his uncle had yet to even prove there was another person in the room. "If you will not leave, I'll call the authorities!" His Uncle's hand shot out from in front of Harry face to Draco's shoulder, only to go right through it. "Wh, what?" "I'll be leaving in a few days," Harry said savoring the look on Uncle Vernon's face so he could laugh later. "You wouldn't want me to have to send a letter, would you?" His uncle twitched, but did not budge. "Not you, him," he growled his head motioning to Draco. "I see no one," Harry said feigning worry. "Are you alright? I thought you kept coming into my room to make sure I wasn't doing any magic, not because I was trying to hide someone." He gave a slow look around the room. It's just Hedwig and me in here..." The fire in his uncle's eyes seemed to die out with that. His arm fell limply to his side, his shoulders slumping. "What is it you're seeing?" Harry pressed. "Nothing!" Uncle Vernon was storming out of the room, some of his defeat replaced by his hatred of Harry. The Gryffindor couldn't have the man broken after all and everyone knew he'd already walked quite a thin line. Best not to push it over it. "Blimey, every night," Harry said once he was sure his uncle was far enough not to hear. He dropped his glasses onto the bedside cabinet and lay back down. "His face may be priceless, but being woken up at random all the time isn't fun. He seemed surer of himself tonight too." "Yeah, I knocked that fat pig onto his arse before we went to bed," Draco sneered. One look at his friend told Harry he was pleased with his work. "He tried to put me in a head lock and take him to your uncle, so I pushed him down the stairs." Harry couldn't help laughing at that. "He's fine. That personal padding back there was more than enough." "I'm sure," Harry agreed between laughs. It was good to be at the Dursleys' and have an ally with him. He knew Draco wouldn't kill anyone, so he didn't have to watch his every step either, but the Slytherin definitely helped when it came to getting revenge. "Hey, were you having another nightmare?" "Yeah." The cheer in the room was gone, but Harry didn't see the point in lying. He had hit Draco often enough while tossing in bed. He knew when Harry's sleep was disturbed. "Same thing?" "Yeah," Harry said hoping Draco wouldn't see his lie. Draco was already nervous about Harry having nightmares, he didn't want to stress him out even more. Besides, as much as they tormented Harry, they were just dreams. They were nothing like Voldemort's violations into his mind like the year before. "That dumb room and all the prophecies…Why would they ministry even keep all of those down there? Not to mention all the other weird things in that place…and so much for safety, Voldemort had walked in just as easily as we had!" He really didn't want an answer to any of those things, his outburst was more to keep Draco believing he was still having the exact same nightmare. "My dad never mentioned it. You'll have to just ask Dumbledore." The same response, but he could see that Draco was no longer on guard. The repetitiveness of this conversation, which like Uncle Vernon's intrusions into the room, happened every night. Draco had been worried at first. Harry had even watched him send owls to Lupin and Hermione asking about it. Both had replied with basically the same answers. Harry was just feeling guilty and mentally anguished over both the deaths of Tom and Sirius. So he had combined different parts of the trauma and kept reliving them again and again while he desperately tried to make things right. He already knew the reality however and so nothing he could do would fix it within the dream. Having read the owls, Draco had shared them with Harry in what he guessed was an attempt to make him feel better. It hadn't. "I'm going to try and get more sleep." He turned his back to Draco, closed his eyes, and hoped he would have no more dreams. (X) 2. Particular care should be taken during the hours of darkness. Whenever possible, arrange to complete journeys before night has fallen. "Breathe slowly, you're alright." The lights were too bright. He tried to bring his hand up to cover his eyes, but couldn't. He could feel some sort of texture on his wrist, different from what was under his arm. He was bound. "Don't struggle. You've been unconscious the last few weeks….I was worried you wouldn't wake up at all." "Move." He shut his eyes trying to keep the blinding light away. He tried again at the bindings, nothing. He relaxed his arms knowing how pointless it would be to struggle. His body was too tired, too sore. He recognized both voices, even if they seemed so far away. He felt someone pushing down on his body, prodding at every inch. It hurt, almost like they were jabbing him with frozen steel needles. "He's still dehydrated and from the looks of it, his wounds aren't healing much at all. Whoever that sick—" "Lower the lights." The room no longer seemed to be on fire. He opened one eye slowly, then the other. He recognized the room immediately. "Where?" His throat burned and he began coughing, which only made it worse. "Water." He could see movement in his peripheral vision. "Drink." His body was helped into a sitting position, a scream escaping his lips when the hand touched his back. "Gently!" Came the loud warning. His eyes began to adjust more, he knew he was safe. Dumbledore helped him get the water down then took the cup away. "You're alright." "Harry," he managed the burning not as intense. "He's alive?" He saw no signs of his boyfriend in the infirmary. Why wasn't Harry there? He should have been there, unless… "He's fine," Dumbledore said, a smile cracking onto his face. "Thank goodness…we didn't know if—" "—Sirius?" He had to gasp at that. His lungs were not functioning like they were supposed to. Every breath felt like fire going through them and then up his throat to cause even more pain. Why was it so hard? Why did everything hurt so badly? "Yes," Dumbledore motioned to another bed. "He woke up a week ago. He's been healing since." "Ugh." He wanted to say something along the lines of