Note: Welcome to A Wizard's Past. This is the 3rd installment for my Wizard's series. If you happened to have stumbled across this, please refer to A Wizard's Lament first, than A Wizard's Redemption, than come back to this one. Thanks. Warning: It's shonen ai. Harry Potter is dating Tom Riddle. Ron is dating Draco. This is a slash, yaoi, shonen ai, whatever you want to call it story. Don't like? Then don't go on. Disclaimers: I DO NOT OWN the rights to Harry Potter or the characters or anything. I'm merely amusing myself writing a story out. That is all. Chapter, 1: The Forgotten Meeting Harry's eyes slowly slid opened with what he'd hoped to be the morning light streaming in through his window, not the blazing magic of his boyfriend's wand. He could tell it was going to be another one of those long nights where his boyfriend had been having nightmares and wouldn't be going back to sleep any time soon. Tom always had his "night light" that might as well have been an exploding star given the radiance it was giving off when his dreams turned ugly anymore. "Tom," the Gryffindor muttered. He placed his hand gently on top of Tom's hand and slowly lowered it down so the light wasn't blinding him. The light dimmed instantly and Harry smiled slightly. "It took every bit of energy I had to fight McGonagall not to send you to St. Mungo's, don't make me regret it." He waited for some spark to register in his lover's eyes, but Tom merely sat next to him, his eyes empty and blinking. Dumbledore's death had been too much for the heir, especially after he realized that the headmaster had gone to great lengths to not be brought back. The letter Dumbledore had left behind for his stepson laid hidden in Harry's trunk. His boyfriend had seemed to lose what little sanity he'd had left after reading that letter. Professor McGonagall had almost refused to let Tom come back to Privet drive. Even so, that same piece of maddening paper also explained to Tom how much Dumbledore had truly cared for the Slytherin, something Harry knew his boyfriend would need to be reminded of once he got his mind back. "Lupin sent me that package yesterday. Since I know you won't be letting me go back to sleep, let's just get started." He barely made it an inch over the bed when Tom's hand shot out wrapping itself around Harry's wrist. "Watch it," Harry warned. He knew from experience getting mad wasn't going to help the situation, often made it worse, his boyfriend falling into a more defensive mode. Harry however had already earned enough bruises this summer from this exact same action. "You can hold my hand without cutting off my circulation you know." Of course these words barely registered in his boyfriend's mind. What Harry wouldn't give to just open the bond a tiny bit to tell his boyfriend to relax. That drastic measure, and it was every bit drastic given the state of Tom's mind, was left for the most extreme measures. A good example being when Uncle Vernon had woken them up one night and Tom had almost burned the man into ashes. Letting out a controlled breath Harry pulled his boyfriend forward gently. "Listen to me." His free hand went to Tom's chin and he forced the Slytherin's eyes to his own. "This is because Dumbledore died. I know it's a shock and I know you're mad at me for letting it happen." At that he had to jerk Tom's head back up since he'd attempted to look away. "It's okay. I'm mad at myself. I hurt you and let Dumbledore die," he said doing his best to keep his voice from cracking. "If I had any way to take it back or had known what would happen, I'd do it. I would have went and got you so we could both have stopped him from getting that necklace, I would fix it." The words were pointless Harry knew and was pretty sure his boyfriend did as well. He could scream he regretted his choices every day, but that didn't mean Dumbledore would be coming back. The heir's gaze went to the floor again and this time Harry released his chin. He was getting worried that his boyfriend was never going to talk again. Worse, he was beginning to think Tom might break up with him the first time he did get his voice back. With the heir's attention diverted, Harry was able to slip his wrist out of Tom's hold and go to his dresser. The heir didn't follow until Harry had begun removing the paper and he noticed the Gryffindor was no longer sitting next to him. Lupin had sent the package after many begging letters from Harry, he had almost began to think that Lupin would never send it, but here it was. Now that the object was freed from the paper he sat it down on top of his bed, Tom looking down at it silently from behind Harry's shoulder. "You won't talk to anyone, our bond is useless right now with how unstable you are." He turned around then to face the heir and took both of his hands in his own. "I know you're confused, so am I. Dumbledore wouldn't want to see you like this. I can't bring him back, but we can see him." For a second Harry was sure he saw a hint of understanding in his boyfriend's eyes before the emotion faded out. He hoped it wasn't merely desperation on his part to see some intelligence in Tom's eyes again. "So here's the deal." He let go of the heir's hands and removed a small wooden case from his trunk. Upon opening it he showed the contents to his boyfriend. "You want to see Dumbledore, I want my past back." This time the heir did have a reaction, his hand came up so quickly had Harry not noticed it and moved back, all of the glass vials inside the box would have gone flying. "Tom!" he put the box behind his back, his hands falling onto Tom's wand as he did. Without thinking he brought the wand up and aimed it at the heir's face. "You don't have to join me." The glare was quite evident on Tom's face now, his eyes narrowed and his mouth contorted in anger. Despite how horrifying the situation was, Harry couldn't help feeling relived. This attack proved that on some level his boyfriend was still there and more so, that Tom wasn't as mad at Harry as he'd thought. The heir eyed the wand and looked like he was about to scream then. His hands had gone to his pockets while he'd been looking at it and he seemed to have realized Harry was threatening him with his own wand. "Please calm down," the Gryffindor pleaded. The last thing they needed was for any of the Dursleys to wake up. "I don't want to use this wand on you." A hiss was the only response Harry got from that. "I won't leave you, I love you," he said taking a step forward and holding the wand out so his boyfriend could take it. "I trust you to do whatever will make you feel better. If you need to kill me to get your sanity back, then do it." Surprisingly enough the heir merely shoved his wand back into his pocket and pulled Harry back down onto the bed so they were both sitting. When he showed no other signs of attacking, Harry grabbed the first vial, they had all been numbered, and drained it into the pensive that was waiting on the bed to be used. "Our past can be no worse than the life we're living in right now. Besides, I think me getting Dumbledore killed cancels out anything you could have possibly done during our fourth year." Harry of course didn't think this to be the case at all. He was sure his own actions were much worse than anything the heir could have done. Even so, Harry was far past self-pity. Yes, he had agreed to go and help Dumbledore and had even gone as far to promise the headmaster he would say nothing to Tom about their little adventure. That adventure had ended with Dumbledore getting sick, but it was Voldemort or whoever had been posing as Voldemort that had dealt the killing curse to the headmaster, not Harry. As far as the Gryffindor was concerned that didn't make him guilty, that meant Tom and him deserved some vengeance. That of course had not happened yet due to Tom's complete and utter mental break down. "Are you going to come with?" he asked holding his hand to the heir. The Slytherin didn't look at him, but his hand did close around Harry's. This time the Gryffindor did smile. This was the first conversation they'd had since Dumbledore's death that Tom seemed to understand. Even if he wasn't talking, just that he was reacting in some way was enough for him. He bent forward to kiss the heir on the cheek, but the Slytherin pushed him back with his other hand, the glare back on his face. "Too soon?" While the heir had been holding onto Harry like some kind of life line and refused to even get on the bed unless Harry lied down first, Tom had not allowed Harry to kiss him once. In fact, besides a few times where Harry had been forced to pin the heir's arms down, they hadn't held each other either. If Harry tried to push the affection at all, the heir would slip back into his shadow form only to come out later completely disfigured. Harry had stopped pushing immediately. "I'm sorry," he said keeping himself at the distance his boyfriend had shoved him to. "I'm used to you doing everything in your power to seduce me. To have you pushing me away..." he didn't want to really think about it. If his boyfriend had decided in his own mind to dump Harry and just couldn't get the words out yet to inform him, he was going to lose it himself. Yet, he couldn't blame Tom at all if this turned out to be the case given everything that had happened. "You know if we aren't dating anymore shouldn't you be with Draco?" He asked with a small laugh, both to let Tom know he was joking while also trying to get some sort of clue from his boyfriend about the status of their relationship. What he got however was a large bruise forming under his eye where Tom's fist had connected. "Okay, bad joke," he said holding back a few tears, but refusing to touch the bruise. He didn't know what hurt worse, the actual punch or the lack of answer. "You know I can barely understand you right now. I know...forget it." Words wouldn't help. He knew that despite trying again and again. "I'm going back to my fourth year. If you stay here, don't burn the house down." He wished his last sentence was a joke as well, but the Slytherin had come close to burning the Dursley's house down a few times while he slept. It seemed he was casting nonverbal spells in his sleep while having nightmares. This had been a major problem until Hermione had suggested for Harry to switch wands on the heir after he'd gone to sleep. Harry's wand refused Tom so badly, sparks wouldn't even come out of it, so it had been the perfect solution. He made for the pensive, Tom grabbing him by the shoulder and pulling him away from it. "You're not stopping me! You won't even talk to me, I'm going mad here. You tried stopping me the entire time during the school year, you're not going