The Things We Do for Love (Will Be Your Downfall) Summary: Falling in love with his Bella Swan, not only made him pathetic. It made him a babysitter, a café worker, a handyman, a chef, a confidant, and her bitch. Chapter One: I'll be there, and there is nothing, I won't do "I feel so used. I find I like it." ― J.D. Robb, Chaos in Death Jacob is fine. No one thinks that he is—because he's 20 years old, buys his clothes from the drift store, lives off TV dinners, junk food, take out, and he lives in one-bedroom apartment owned by a single mother who lets him be a little late on the rent in exchange for babysitting her daughter and working in her café —but he's fine. He is. The apartment may be a little small but that's fine because he lives by himself and it's not like he has to worry about anyone coming over to stay or anything. His sister cut all contact with him after their father passed away when he was 18 years old. He sends the cards, and presents during the holidays but they never respond and if he calls they don't answer the phone. If he wants to know how they're doing, he just checks on Facebook. He sent them a friend request a year ago, he's still waiting for an answer. So, a one bedroom apartment is good and it's not like he's in college or anything. He got his GED after his father got sick so that he could stay home and take care of him. So, what if he found a lot of his furniture on the street on big garage day. Haven't you ever heard that one man's trash is another man's treasure? Look, he knows that his life isn't exactly glamourous, but he could leave at any time. He could move back to Washington and live with one of his old friends that he knows are still in Forks. But he doesn't. Why? Because of Bella Swan. Bella Swan; his landlady and the woman he was heads over in love with. Yeah, pathetic. It's not like she'd shown the slightest bit of interest in him. She was beautiful. Soft, chocolate, doe-like brown eyes, fair skin, long brown hair, heart shaped lips, and her smile— God, her smile . He'd only seen it aimed at daughter, Rosalinda, but it still took his breathe away. And apparently falling in love made him Bella's bitch. You don't believe him? Jacob groaned, waking up to the sound of his phone ringing. "H-Hello?" he said, sleepily. "I need you to open the café for me," Bella said, without greeting, and Jacob rubbed his eyes. "What? Why?" he asked, closing his eyes and falling back on his pillow. "Rosalinda isn't feeling well," Bella said, and Jacob was wide awake. "Is she okay?" he asked, concerned. "She has a fever and she's crying." Bella explained, "I'm going to take her to the hospital," "Okay, I'll just—" Jacob started, but Bella hung up, conversation over, "…go set up the café," Yeah, he was whipped. Jacob swore under his breath, rolled out of bed, and stumbled to the bathroom. He took a shower, letting cold water run on him for a minute to wake him up, before quickly turning on the hot. He brushed his teeth in the shower, got out, dried off, and threw on some clothes. Then he made his way downstairs to the café. He turned on the radio, blasting music to keep him awake, while he checked the dough in the bread maker and took the butter and eggs out of the fridge. Jacob put on an apron, washed his hands and wiped down all the kitchen surfaces, like Bella told him. After washing his hands again, he emptied the dough out of the bread maker and divided it into even portions, massage the dough, arrange it on a floured baking tray, and shoved the tray into the proving draw under the oven. As he washed his hands again, he thought of how much of a sucker he was. This was the 12th time she'd had him set up shop. If Bella didn't love Rosalinda so much, Jacob would think she was lying to get a little down time. He pulled ingredients and equipment out of cupboards and made up a batch of scones, singing along to the music while he worked. He divided the dough, making scones, cookies, bread, and muffins. Then he cleaned down the counter, sterilized everything, and then started making soup. He pulled out the vegetables that Bella had already chopped the night before and mixing them in the soup. He covered the pan and left it to simmer, while he preheated the oven. He grabbed the cakes from the cooler, glad that Bella had already made them. He sighed, wiping his brow, before going to fill out the traceability report. He wrote down the date, product codes for every ingredient used and where the ingredient was sourced, of course he had to check out the other book that Bella kept with that information in them, making the task take longer than it should've. He washed, again, then took off his apron, hanging it on the back of the door, before heading to the front of the café to clean up. He mopped the floors, wiped down the counters, watched the dishes, wiped down the coffee machine, checked the stocks of cutlery and paper cups. Then he set out jugs, portafilters, the knock box where the spent coffee grounds were stored, and the filter coffee maker. He took in the smell of coffee and grinned, proud of himself. He went back into the kitchen, put on his apron, washed his hands again, and put one of the breads in the oven. Then he moved the soup to one of the two cauldrons set up on the counter next to the panini press. Took the remains of yesterday's soup out of the chiller and poured it into the second cauldron and sets the temperatures for them. Took out one of the breads and put in another. His phone buzzed in his pocket and he read the text from Bella asking if he had everything set up. He replied that he does and she answered that she'll be there in 10 minutes. He knows that 10 minutes for Bella is code for another hour, at least , so he set out ingredients and chopping boards, making sandwiches, tucking them into cardboard and cellophane packaging and took them out to the display cabinet. Then he took chairs off tables, sorted out the daily papers, stocked the display cabinet with the cakes, cookies, and scones, before setting out individual packets of butter and single servings of jam, He washed his hands again and was writing out the daily specials on the blackboard when Bella showed up, carrying a tired looking Rosalinda in her arms. "Morning, Bella," Jacob said, giving her a weary smile, and Bella nodded in greeting, putting down her daughter, "Morning, Rose, how are you feeling?" "I don't feel good," Rosalinda whined, looking at him with glassy eyes. "Oh, that's too bad," Jacob said, sympathetically, glancing at Bella, who was taking off her jacket and tucking it under the counter. "Can you watch her for me?" Bella asked, as she twisted her hair into a bun, pinning it in place with a pencil and put on her apron. "Um…I have a job interview this afternoon, and—" Jacob started, and Bella gave him a look. "Please?" she asked, tucking a notepad and pen into the apron pocket, "Just until the café closes?" "It took me weeks to land this interview and I—" Jacob protested, but Bella brushed by him, kissing her daughter on the forehead, then heading to the kitchen to get the stuff out of the oven. Jacob lead Rosalinda to a table. "Can you wait here, while I talk to your mom?" Jacob asked, and Rosalinda nodded. "Can I have some juice?" she questioned, giving him those sad brown eyes, and Jacob nodded. "Sure, sure," he said, heading into the kitchen. Bella was putting in the next pan, not even glancing up. "Bella, you're going to have to find someone else," he said, firmly, heading to the fridge to get the sick five-year-old a juice box. "There is no one else," Bella said, looking much older than just 24 years old, "She's too sick to go to school and she loves you. She's tired and she'll probably sleep the whole day anyway," "Fine," Jacob conceded, giving up. He knew he was being a pushover. He really needed that job, but here he was, cancelling another job interview to play babysitter. Jacob had heard the story. Bella married her boyfriend Edward as soon as she graduated high school, and got pregnant shortly afterward, kids were never a part of the guy's plan, so he turned into an asshole. Bella had a difficult pregnancy, was sick, and Edward tried to force her to get an abortion. He walked out after an argument in the doctor's office and never came back. Bella received her annulment papers in the mail, and went through the rest of her pregnancy alone. Edward's father felt bad for her because his son was a dickwad, and wrote her a check to make up for it. Bella used the money to buy the apartment building/café. Edward had been kind of a possessive jerk and Bella had burned a lot of bridges to marry him, turning her back on family/friends until all she had left was him…and then he abandoned her and her child. He didn't know how anybody could not love Rosalinda. She was one of the cutest children he had ever seen with high-cheekbones, perfect eyebrows, straight nose, strong jawline, curly brown hair ringlets that fall past her waist, chocolate brown eyes, pink rosy cheeks, and a cute dimpled smile. Jacob doesn't know how he could possibly be Bella's only option, he knew that he wasn't exactly the friendliest looking person; 6-7, heavily muscled with a tattoo, leather jacket, and a motorcycle. Most people moved to the other side of the street when he walked past them, and yet Bella trusted him enough to live in her apartment building and watch her 5-year-old. Jacob snuck one of the cookies off the pan, while Bella's back was turned, and went to take Rosalinda her snack. "Hold on," Bella said, following him out of the kitchen, and Jacob cringed, thinking she caught him, but she went to grab her purse off the table. "Here are the keys to our apartment and Rosalinda's medicine," Bella explained, holding out the items to him. Jacob nodded, passing Rosalinda her juice box, sneaking her the cookie under the table, before turning back to Bella and taking the stuff. "Okay, see you later, sweetie," Bella kissed her daughter, giving her a hug, then walked passed Jacob without a word. She didn't even thank him for setting up. Jacob was an idiot. Rosalinda shoved her cookie in her mouth, taking his hand in hers. "Come on, Rose," Jacob said, leading the girl to the stairs. "Make sure to feed her something!" Bella called from the kitchen, "And help yourself," Jacob kept walking, thinking of excuses he could use for why he had to miss his interview. Jacob picked Rosalinda up, and carried her up the stairs to Bella's apartment. He got her settled at the kitchen table, while he made breakfast—for both of them because he didn't get to eat— and then they sat in front of the television to watch The Amazing World of Gumball, while they ate. Jacob turned the television off afterwards, because Bella didn't like her daughter watching too much of it and they went in her room to play with her toys until it was time to take her medicine. Then Rosalinda took a nap, while Jacob tried to