Let's Just Talk, All Through the Night, There's No Need to Rush Summary: Asexual!Jacob. " But…I want…you never-," Renesmee looks frustrated, "Why don't you want me?" Jacob tenses, and several seconds of silence pass before he answers. "I don't know," he whispers, "I just don't know," "Maybe I wouldn't ever be obligated to have sex with another person in order to make them stay with me. The thought was freeing: I wouldn't have to pretend. It was just a matter of finding someone else who understood." ― Calista Lynne , We Awaken Honestly, it takes a lot longer for Jacob to realize that maybe his relationship with his imprint isn't actually as normal as the others. The years have passed by fast, and Jacob was used to the fact that he was no longer physically attracted to other girls anymore…he just didn't realize that he wasn't attracted to his imprint either. They're on First beach when he figures it out. He's horsing around with Seth in the ocean, when Renesmee finally shows up. She's wearing a red two piece, barely there, bathing suit and the second Jacob sees her. He grins and waves her over, not even noticing what she wearing until he hears some of the things that most of the men on the beach are saying and then the only thing he can think is Oh Hell No. "Go put this on," he orders, ripping his shirt off and throwing it at her, "Now!" Renesmee catches the shirt and stares at it, confused, but puts it on anyway. Later on, she gives him his shirt back, and kisses his cheek, her chest pressing against his arm. That's when he realizes that he's half naked and his imprint is in a skimpy bathing suit pressed against him and…he felt nothing except uncomfortable feeling deep in his gut. Renesmee was beautiful. She had been a beautiful baby, she grew into a beautiful child, and now she was a beautiful woman…and he's not interested. At all. That's his first, warning that there might be something wrong with him. He doesn't tell the others. Why would he? Maybe he just needs more time. Just because the thought of having sex with his imprint disgust him doesn't mean that it'll always be like that, right? He spends listens to Sam lust over Emily, Jarred hunger for Kim, Paul basically hump his sister through the wall, and Quil longing for Claire now that she's finally of age. " It's like a switch flipped on or something," Quil says, "I've never wanted someone so bad before, you know?" "Fuck!" Jacob punches a tree, hard, and watches it fall down, taking three others with it. "Punching defenseless trees?" someone says behind him, and he jumps a foot in the air before turning around to face her. "You should be ashamed of yourself," "What do you want, Leah?" he snaps, and she raises an eyebrow. "You alright there, Mr. Alpha? You seem tense." Jacob chuckles bitterly. "I'm fine." Leah doesn't look like she believes him, but she doesn't say anything. She just stands there, watching him, with her arms crossed, and Jacob knows she won't push. A year ago, he saw her punch the side of a truck after a bad patrol, and he didn't say anything about it to the others, so she owes him. "You should try yoga," Leah says, "It works better than punching stuff," "Whatever," Jacob replied, but he found himself following her anyway. Leah lived in a house, a little way off the Cullens property, right where the treaty line started. Leah leads Jacob to the patio, where her yoga mats are. She starts unbuttoning her shirt and motions for Jacob to do the same. "Naked yoga? Seriously?" Jacob asks, and Leah smirks. "If it didn't work, then I'd have punched you in the head already," she pointed out and Jacob admitted that she hadn't hit anyone in a while. "Besides, we see each other naked multiple times a day," "True," Jacob says, looking at Leah's body. At least he doesn't have to worry about any embarrassing popping up, because no matter how attractive Leah is, the imprint bond won't let him be attracted to any other women. For the next two hours, Leah ran him through a long series of yoga movements, pausing occasionally to correct him when he screws up a pose, and Jacob enjoyed the quietness in his head for a while. "I usually do my yoga in the afternoon," Leah says, as Jacob gathers up his clothes, "You're welcome to join me," "I don't think so," Jacob snorts, before walking away. But he finds himself coming back to do yoga every day for the rest of the month. It really does help. Jacob convinces himself that it's just because for so long he had Renesmee put in the slot for family that it's taking his body a little while to notice his mate. Renesmee's body doesn't seem to be having the same problem. The rest of the Cullens are gone hunting, and Renesmee seems to have decided that its time to take their relationship to the next level. She presses her lips against his, and Jacob kisses her back, trying to force himself to feel something. But instead of feeling the red molten rush of lust all he feels is a cold sense of dread. He doesn't want this…he doesn't want her …but it's too late to back out. Renesmee is in his lap, his hands are on her waist, and it's…awful. He thinks about how when Renesmee was four, he dressed up as Santa Claus and she sat in his lap to tell him what she wanted for Christmas. She was such a cute child. He can't believe she's doing this. She kisses him again but he doesn't feel anything. There's no spark. No fire in his loins. He almost forgets to kiss back. Her hands are unfastening his belt and Jacob's hand catches her wrist. "Jake?" she says, unsurely, and Jacob thinks about her standing next to him on the couch, waking him up after she had a nightmare. He can't do this…he changed her diapers for Pete's sake! He swallows, blinking up at her, reluctantly let's go of her wrist and instead he moves her hands to rest on his shoulders, shaking his head. "This isn't right," Jacob says, and gently pushes her off of him, "I mean, what's the rush?" "What?" Renesmee questions, and Jacob closes his eyes, pinching the bridge of his nose. "We have the rest of our lives to-" Jacob breaks off, unable to even think about it, "and it should be perfect. Not…like this," Renesmee looks like she wants to argue but Jacob walks out the door before she can say anything. He goes to Leah's and knocks on her door. Leah takes one look at him and moves aside for him to come in. She doesn't ask Jacob why he's there. She just sits down beside him on the couch and unpauses Casablanca . They sit there and, while Leah watches TV and Jacob runs through the night in his head, realizing that he might never have sex again. He wasn't attracted to anyone else, but he also thought of his imprint as his daughter, and kept remembering moments from her childhood whenever she touched him. Jacob remembers what the elders said about imprinting being about who would make the strongest offspring. But what happened when you weren't attracted to your imprint? He'd never have kids. He shakes away the thought and tries to focus on the movie, but he must fall asleep because it seems like he blinks and the credits are rolling. He yawns and looks down at Leah, who's fallen asleep with her head on his chest. He wonders what he should do. He knows he should probably wake her up but…It feels nice. He knows that Leah isn't attracted to him, she knows about the imprint so he's not doing anything wrong. He pulls Leah closer and engages in some platonic cuddling until he goes to sleep. Jacob spends his mornings with Renesmee; hunting, shopping, enjoying time with his imprint. He spends his afternoons with Leah doing yoga, watching TV, eating dinner and hanging around until eventually he falls asleep on her couch. It just works. He feels guilty for bothering Leah, but she just waves him off and heads to her bedroom. "If you break my couch, you're buying me another one," she says, and Jacob nods, catching the blanket she tosses at him. "Thanks, Leah," Renesmee starts pressuring him about taking that next step in their relationship. He keeps making excuses until finally he just starts spending less time with the Cullens. Sure, he has to see his imprint at least once a day or his wolf gets grouchy, but that doesn't mean that he has to engage in conversation with her. He makes sure there's always another person in the room with them at all times and he's out the door anytime she even looks like she's about to bring it up. He knows that Edward knows about what's going on. He's a fucking mind reader, but Edward seems to find it hilarious. The man should be grateful that Jacob doesn't want to defile his daughter, not acting like he's watch a funny sitcom. Bella's no help either. Any time Jacob tries to broach the subject with her, she pales, which is an impressive thing for a vampire, and runs away. He guesses the thought of her ex-love interest/best friend sleeping with her daughter is too much for her to take. Jasper is a big help though. His mood sensing powers help him feel when Jacob's about to lose his cool and he's quick to provide Jacob with an out. He supposes that knowing whenever your niece is horny would drive any man to take action. Jacob is in the kitchen, making a sandwich, while Jasper sits at the table reading a book. Suddenly Jasper tenses and Jacob hears Renesmee calling his name. Jasper opens the kitchen window and Jacob jumps out of it, taking off into the forest without a second thought. It's official, Jasper's his favorite vampire and he's buying the guy a gift. Maybe a coffee mug he could fill with animal blood. One night, while he and Leah are sitting on the couch, he blurts out "The thought of sleeping with my imprint makes me want to throw up and empty a loaded pistol in my skull," Leah turns her head to look at him, and he coughs, embarrassed, into his fist. "So, I don't think I'll ever have sex again," he finishes, lamely. Leah just quirks an eyebrow at him and shrugs. "Well, sex is overrated anyway," she says, turning to a Hell's kitchen, "Who needs it," Jacob frowns, "When's the last time you-?" "Sam," Leah states, and Jacob lets it go. They don't talk about it anymore, which is perfect because Jacob's not sure either one of them can handle that elephant. But Jacob takes Leah's hand in his and squeezes once to show that she's not alone. Leah squeezes back, then pulls her hand away, and Jacob's hand twitches at the loss. He takes Renesmee to lunch. He tries very hard to make it romantic. They share a shake, and he walks her home. She kisses his cheek and invites him in…and he goes. The experience is humiliating for both of them. "Is it me?" Renesmee asks, tears in her eyes and Jacob shakes his head. "It's not you," Jacob says, quickly, rolling out of the bed and pulling on his pants, "I just need time," Renesmee nods, but doesn't look like she believes him. Jacob can't look her in the eye anymore. He grabs his shirt and leaves without another word. He goes to CVS and stares at a bottle of Viagra for a long time. He misses the simplicity of before, back when