Disclaimer; I don't own anything to do with the hunger games. Chapter 1. Eight Years Later. Peeta's POV. The waves crashed against the cliff, the cool sea air blowing through the bedroom windows. The early sun rising above the horizon, lighting the sea on fire, burning it with reds, yellows and oranges. I walk out onto the patio, overlooking the sea, the beach setting the easel up, placing the canvas I start carefully and lightly sketching the scene before starting on the colours. I move fast, the scene before me slowly fading away into morning light. The sensation of feeling the brush beneath my fingers as I work, the gentle scrape of paint as it moves along the canvas, the colours mixing, the smell of the wet paint, all help to calm me, to let me relax. My alarm goes off, signalling my times up and I need to get us ready. I leave the canvas, putting the paints away and walk back into the small cottage that I brought not too long ago. The small three bedroom cottage, sitting atop the cliffs, looking over the beach of district 4 the bustling town and port down below. The soft cream colours, light blues and sea greens that make up the colours of the cottage. Walking from the kitchen/ living room area, both joined as one into a living/ dinning area. Small shelves dotted around the room, pictures of the three of us during the last year, all happily smiling, laughing, acting as a family with all the time in the world. Books and paintings also adorn the shelves, paintings that to the both of them are his best. He walks down to her room, the yellow of the door, painting with flowers of all different colours, her name taking centre of place among the flowers. I slowly open the door, taking in her room, the murals I painted with her covering the walls, the forest of pines and oaks, the rivers and flowers growing on the ground, the birds flying through the air, the beach on the other wall the waves softly crashing against the rocks. The thought of when we finished, realising it looks like the second arena but we over came that quickly, going through all the differences, now it reminds me of the beaches here in four. I walk over to her bedside, one arm clutching the stuffed rabbit the other, her thumb stuck in her mouth, resting there. The white and blue pastel duvet wrapped up around her neck. I smile looking at the beautiful little angel. "Alex... Alex, little princess... come on time to get up." I tell her, pushing the falling hair out of her face. Dark blonde, a combination of both her parents, her features matching her mothers, her personality a mixture of both, her fierce loyalty and protection for those she loves, my calmness and artist talent. I swear even at almost three years old she draws like a ten-year old. Slowly she starts to rise, my early morning habit picked up by her. Mumbling some incoherent words she open her eye's, blinking away the sleep, a smile slowly working its way onto her face as she sees me. Her mother told me that she had a great relationship with her dad, that she wanted her daughter to have that as well, that she did have it. As she finally opens her deep, violet, blue eye's, a face splitting smile across she leaps from the bed, rabbit still clutched in her hands and wraps her arms around me. "Daddy" she happily mumbles as I pick her up leading her through to the kitchen/dining area, placing her on the table at her chair. "What do you want for breakfast? blueberry pancakes?" I question and watch her face light up, squealing a yes over and over. Laughing I begin making us both a batch, it only being 7 in the morning we've got plenty of time before the bakery needs to open at nine. Both sitting eating the pancakes, Alex shoving them down her mouth. I laugh but do tell her to slow down, her face covered in blueberry pancakes and syrup a toothy grin given back in response. I just laugh lightly. After we finish, I lead her to get washed, dress and packed for the afternoon. I did promise her that I'd take her to the beach, I always keep my promise. "Got everything you need little Alex." she nods her head vigorously. "yes daddy." she tells me, I pick her bag, mine and sling them over my left shoulder, picking her up on my right side we set off, the bakery first then the beach after. The bakery it's self, located in the town square isn't as large as my parents old one. We don't sell as many types of breads or cakes but the ones we do make sell fast. There's four of us, me, Mark who works the morning 7 till 2, setting up and putting breads and cakes on to cook. Ryan works till close, 6pm setting up the last few things for the next morning and closing the bakery up. Finally there's Ashley works 9 till 4, same as me only she works out front, selling and handling the cash register. I won't be working as late today, leaving at one so that me and Alex can head to the beach. It'll be her first time there that she'll remember, her first time without her mother there, first time since we got back to four from seven and the rest. The day speeds by quickly, Mark, Ryan and Ashley all giving their sympathy to me and little Alex though she doesn't fully understand it yet. She only started to remember things clearly around the time her mother passed away, it devastated her. She didn't understand why but after time spent coming to terms with it, time spent quietly holding onto me, never letting me leave her sight, time spent with me trying to explain, to a just turned two-year old about death she finally came out of her shell. Now back in four, where me and her mother finally set some roots down I want her to enjoy the peace that this place brought us, away from the remnant of the war, the games and life we both had before the Mockingjay movement. As I work on some dough, I hear the little pitter-patter of feet coming in from the store front, Ashley taking Alex while the store had quieted down. "Daddy Shhhh." she tells me, hiding in-front of my legs, Ashley coming in from the front. I smile as she does, her having watched over Alex a few times before they get on great. "Where's the little trouble maker hmmm, is she in here?" she asks. Clearly knowing where she's hiding, I laugh shaking my head and continue working though the laugh does earn a light smack on my leg, just like her mother a fiery temper. I just laugh louder. "Ahh your dad gave you away." Ashley pretend yells, throwing me under the bus to my daughters wrath. "Daddy!" she shouts coming out from my leg, a ploy by Ashley to get her, as she's just about to tell me off she's pick up by Ashley. "Got you!" Alex screaming, laughs from the other men, Mark and Ryan both having older children, they know the importance of letting your kids have a fun childhood. Especially after mine, I'm more determined than ever to make sure Alex has the best one possible. "It's almost one, Mr Mellark. Beach time." Alex yelling in response. "Thanks for the reminder, I'll be reading in ten." I tell her, nodding she returns to the store front, Alex with her as I wash up. "Thanks for this guys, it means a lot." I say to Mark and Ryan. "Don't worry Peet, have fun at the beach with your kid, we'll be fine here. If there's any problems John and Philip have already agreed to come in should we need them." I nod, John and Philip, two part-time workers that have agreed to work when the time's needed, I try to give them as much as possible with them heading to college in district 3 after the summer it'll be good for them to have money. I say thanks to the two men and walk to the sink, they're two of my best friends now, they've been there for me when things got rough. I wash up and head out front, Alex already waiting by the door. "Daddy NOW!" she huffed out, storming over to me. "Alright, alright. I'm coming." I tell her. Ashley telling us to have fun as we leave. The warm air, the scorching sun beats down hard on the beach, the warm sand runs between my toes. Alex in front of me, sun-cream already on building a sand castle as I lean back on the beach chair, book in hand. Some old, pre-dark time book, The Hobbit. Quite good, just as I'm getting back into the reading a large bucket of warm sand appears over my head, the laughter and giggles of Alex behind me. I sit my book down, turning to see her. "Ahhh, so... we're playing sneakily now." she giggles but is caught off guard when I grab her, squealing I take her to the sea. "We'll need to wash all that sand out, wont we." "Noooooo! No! Daaaaddy!" she screams, through laughter I sit down in the shallows, holding her in front as a small wave crashes against her. "Ahhh!" laughing and squealing at the same time, bringing joy to my heart. That's how the rest of the day is spent, sand, sea and ice creams, chips for dinner down at the beach watching the sunset. Nearly dark, the sun just sitting above the horizon, Alex and the bags in my arms, slowly sleeping as I make my way back up the road to the cottage, passing by Finnick and Annie's house. At the moment they're in the capitol, Finn's getting his lung check up on. After the attack down in the sewers his left lung was completely destroyed and replaced with a new, artificial one. I walk up the road stopping at the top, noting the two people who sit on the beach looking out over the sea. They seem oddly familiar, getting closer my mind jolts the memory of them to the front. "Delly Cartwright?" her head snaps towards me. "Peeta!" she squeals, rushing to hug me but stopping and taking note of the small girl in my arms, Thom coming up behind her. "Thom?" I question again. "Hey Peeta, long time." he says, extending his had as I drop the bags and shake his hand, Alex mumbling in protest of the movement. "Your looking good, both of you." I tell them, seeing Delly's small bump I throw a questioning glance at her. "We got married two years ago." she tell me, herself questioning my daughter, though she doesn't realise it. "This is my daughter, Alexia Manson Mellark." I tell them, their eye's blowing open wide, mouths hanging open. "Come on in, we can talk inside." I tell them and they fallow, Thom helping me with the bags. As we enter I tell Thom to just set the bags anywhere and I'll be back in a minute after I put Alex down. I close Alex's door quietly, leaving it open just a crack I make my way back to Delly and Thom. I make us tea and lead them out back to the deck chairs, the warm air making it perfect to talk, outside as well should it get a little loud. We sit down and sip the tea, I slowly wait for the first question. "Peeta how have you been... I mean... well we heard that the deal with the president was for the victors to return each year to the capitol