I am trying to branch out my Fanfiction writing so bare with me. Next chapter will be uploaded Sunday. Asa Cross is my OC and Johanna Mason's lover. He will be frequent throughout most of my stories and I thought I'd introduce you all to him through this three-shot. One day I might make a full-length story about his life, his games, and his and Johanna's love story. For now, enjoy this preview? So the run down is three chapters, three books. Chapter One is Pre Hunger Games because he won the Seventy-Third Hunger Games. Chapter Two is during Catching Fire and all that good jazz, with maybe a little on how he felt during Hunger Games. Chapter Three will be MockingJay and possibly a little Post MockingJay as well, y'know, the Epilogue. I tried keep it as Canon as possible but it was unavoidable at certain parts. Johanna is effected greatly because now she does have someone she loves, which effects people like Finnick, Katniss, and so in - in the long run. But the main plots happen - Peeta and Katniss win the 74th Hungers Games, the Quarter Quell happens, Katniss starts a rebellion, the War, District Thirteen. All that good stuff. Anyways, Enjoy! And sorry for the mistakes, it's Unbeta'd. "They can't hurt me. I'm not like the rest of you. There's no one left I love." A Cry For Help Human But I'm only human And I bleed when I fall down I'm only human And I crash and I break down Your words in my head, knives in my heart You build me up and then I fall apart 'Cause I'm only human Seventy-Third Hunger Games. That was seventy-three years of murder, suffering and agonizing pain that one thousand, seven hundred and three families went through - assuming their was no relations within the Tributes. That was one thousand, seven hundred and three innocent children dead. That was seventy-three children left with nightmares and horror for the years to come before they finally succumb to the drought that their lives hold and just drop. And he hated nothing more than being apart of that group of seventy-three children. Why couldn't he be one of the one thousand, seven hundred and three children? They had it so much better, thought one wouldn't assume so. But they had peace and serenity and power. They had power . The power that no one that survived The Games would ever be able to obtain. The power that no one in the Districts or the Capital or on this earth could ever obtain because those one thousand, six hundred and seventy-nine children all died and never had to face the pain or betrayal or brutality that was life after. They were untouchable and sure, their families and friends grieved but life went on. Those one thousand, seven hundred and three children didn't have to face nightmares or anxiety or fears or pain or war or betrayal or torture or anger or hurt or anything . Screw the seventy-three children that survived and became heroes , and winners , and Victors . He absolutely loathed that word - Victor . At what cost did he and the other seventy-two children pay to become a Victor . They sold their souls, their morals were taken and they no longer were they even considered human but simply robots; puppets that the Capital children played with when they were bored. He never wanted that life. He never wanted to be anyone other than himself. He only wanted to die himself and he couldn't even do that because he no longer belonged to himself. He was not his own person and never would be - never again. And at what cost? Twenty-three other children dying - one of those children being his only friend - his sister ? At what cost? Going home to a family he never had and friends he never knew? At what cost? Losing himself in secrets that he never wanted to have nor keep in the first place? At what cost? Waking up every hour and a half because he kept reliving everything that happened during those horrible two weeks? At what cost? Having to sell himself to the devil? The cost would always be love - be her. Because she was the reason he was alive, she was his inside on the outside. She was the reason twenty-three innocent children died at his expense. She was the reason his best friend - his sister died. She was the reason he went home to no body being there. She was the reason he was tortured with the answers to questions he shouldn't have been asked in the first place. She was the reason he screamed bloody murder and begged no one and everyone for forgiveness. She was the reason he was controlled and silenced and put on a pedestal as someone no one ever wanted to be. She was his reason. And that's why he couldn't ever hate her - no matter how many times he wished he did. She was his reason to wake up each morning like he had the best night's sleep ever. She was his reason to smile and wave off the compliments he got - the compliments that he did not deserve. She was his reason to breathe and eat and drink and bathe. She was his reason to keep going no matter how much he wanted to stop. She was his reason to laugh at the irony itself because he would die himself being someone else. She made him. She made him himself. And she also broke him. The first time I saw her was when she was reaped in the Sixty-ninth Hunger Games. I was fourteen and didn't know who she was other than the fact she was known to be highly rude to teachers and ignored every male that ever hit on her. She had wide-set doe eyes that held what I recognized as intelligence and fake fear. She was fairly tall, possibly the same height as me at five feet six inches. Her skin was milky white and scarred with years of getting nicked by the axes while lumbering with her parents. Her mouth was set in a small, shaky frown but I could see the barely upturned grin on the right side. I had noticed her hand shaking when she brought it up to cover her mouth, but the shakes were far too forceful and they didn't feel real. I watched as they somewhat forcefully brought her frail body onto the stage and she looked up at the District's Escort with the same fear in her eyes and she did when she was interviewed by Caesar Fickleman. I calculated everything about her because honestly? I felt like it was all some sick joke. She was a year older than me, I found out later. I normally didn't care for The Games, I usually blanked out while watching them on the jumbo screen in the town square but that year was different - she made that year different. I found myself making it a game of my own, trying to find out what was real and what wasn't. Because she was like a story book on her own, filled with twists and turns that I loved to catch and laugh about on my own because everyone was fooled, the Capital people were fooled but I wasn't and I didn't know it then but I had decided that I would never be. Not when it came to her. The gasp of surprise that left her lips when she saw all the people during the District Chariot Run was fake. I thought it was real at first because some of them looked beautiful and majestic but really she was just a genius playing the game of an innocent. She looked... odd. Dressed in black slacks and a brown top, her hair in a high ponytail. There was a inflatable ax thrown over her shoulder and honestly, at the time, I thought she looked a bit... stupid. Though I'd never dare say that to her. The quiver in her lips during her interview with Caesar Fickleman was real but in the sense that he probably smelled bad rather than she was scared of him. She looked innocent it the soft brown dress that filtered past her knees and was low-cut on her generous-sized breasts. Her eyes were bright and her hair was styles back and held with some ribbon. It didn't look like her at all. Her tears when the countdown from sixty started before the gong sounded to start The Games was also fake and I felt a bit worried because they could blur her vision and that would be her downfall. But of course she knew what she was doing - she knew what she was doing from the beginning. And I hated myself for doubting her ability to win this thing because I knew she would - she had to win. Her eagerness to get a pack and run from the bloodbath was a hard choice for me, considering. I knew she was eager to get a pack, and that was real, but I didn't know if her eagerness overflew to running away or not. I thought she was itching to stay and fight but logic hit her and she knew she wouldn't stand a chance. It was smart of her because she wouldn't have stood a chance against the girl from Two or the boys from Four and Nine. The way she ruthlessly killed at day and cried herself to sleep at night was very real. I could see the pain in her eyes and the way her hand twitched just barely whenever she was to make the final blow. She was hesitant. She knew what she had to do to get out of that arena but she also knew where her morals stood. Maybe that's why it hurt so much - because she couldn't detach herself fully, she didn't know how to. The way she wielded the ax and made a promise to remember the name of each Tribute she killed was the realist of it all. She would recite the name and District of each Tribute she killed every night and as the list grew so did her desperate cried for everything to be over. One stuck out most, the name she repeated that last night. The girl from eight, Freya Vernt - her only ally. And in the end, I believed that she was real - as a whole. When they named her Victor, the entire District cheered. We'd never had a female Victor before and the two we had at the time both won well over ten years before. So, I watched the whole District - men, women, children - I watched them all jump around and cry out in happiness and glee because holy shit if Seven could come out with a female Victor of only fifteen then what else could we do? I didn't cheer, though. I smiled, watching as she broke down into sobs and fell to her knees, ignoring the ladder attached to the hovercraft that was trying to pick her up. It was simply beautiful to me that she could play the Capitol, play the Districts, play everyone but me . She was perfect in what she did - pretending. She was simply perfect at putting on a mask and hiding all of her anger and rage. And when she screamed those words, I just wanted to know what made her break. So many questions ran through my brain. Questions I wanted to ask her. Who made her? Who made her herself? Who broke her? Why did she do what she did? What was she thinking the entire time? Who fixed the big fraud? I wanted to know so many things - I wanted to know everything. I was intrigued with