We Are Family Chapter 1 Bella POV "Get off me!" I yelled at Jacob when he didn't take his hands off me. I pushed at his chest and his face, but he was too strong for me, I couldn't force him away from me. Don't cry in front of him. Do not cry. Don't cry in front of him. Do not cry. I kept on saying it to myself but it didn't work. A few tears slipped down my face, and he noticed. "Bella don't cry, this is what you want, this is what I deserve, I've had to sit in the side-lines long enough. I'll get you in the end Bella Swan, you're mine" "You won't get away with this, Jacob." I told him quietly. Jacob scoffed. "What are you going to do, tell your bloodsuckers to get me, if they come on the reservation they will be torn to shreds, we'll have a party turning them to ashes." He said to me through gritted teeth. I finally forced Jacob off of me and I managed to move my arms fast enough to hit him in the face with my fist. I retaliated as soon as I hit him, it didn't hurt him at, all it did was hurt me. My hand and wrist were throbbing and I couldn't even move my hand without a sharp pain shooting through my arm. It was killing me. I started to walk in the opposite direction away from Jacob when he grabbed my other wrist in an attempt to make me stay with him. "Bella! Wait!" he shouted. I managed to get my wrist out of his grasp and walk off in the other direction ignoring his shouts and pleas for me to stay with him instead of going back to Edward and his 'bloodsuckers'. Jacob didn't attempt to follow me after I broke out of his grasp. As me and Jacob were about a 15-minute walk from the border at the time of the 'incident' I decided to walk to the border from the lake. I felt so betrayed. He was supposed to be my best friend; and he hurt me. I walked to the border thinking about how I was going to explain his whole thing to Edward and his family without World War III beginning between the vampires and the wolf pack. … As I reached the border I pulled out the cell phone Edward gave me and thought about who I should call. Calling Charlie was out of the question, and there was no way that I was calling Jacob to take me back home. It was Wednesday afternoon; I knew Carlisle was working at the hospital today but I couldn't remember whether he was working a full day shift or just the morning shift. I knew, of course, that Edward was on a hunting trip with Esme, Emmett and Rosalie. The only people I knew for sure were at the house were Jasper and Alice. I opened the contacts and scrolled down the list until I found the contact aptly named 'Cullen House'. I dialled the number and waited for someone to answer the phone. On the third ring, however, somebody answered the phone. "Hello?" I heard Jasper say on the other end. "Jasper? I need your help!" by this point I was crying and I was actually finding it a bit difficult to breathe. "Bella! What's wrong? Are you still with Jacob?" he asked me. "Jasper! I'm at the south Quileute border, and I can't get back, something happened." I whimpered down the phone. "Bella, Alice and I are coming to get you, hold on, you're okay were coming!" Jasper POV I was sitting in the living room with Alice when the phone rang. Alice and I looked at each other, nobody ever calls the Cullen house because we are so secluded from the humans. I got up to answer the phone and I immediately became worried when I heard Bella crying on the other end of the phone. "Bella! What's wrong? Are you still with Jacob?" I asked her. " Jasper! I'm at the south Quileute border, and I can't get home, something happened." She told me. By this point Alice was standing by my side with the same panicked expression I was wearing, I could tell that she was worrying because of my gift, being able to read people's emotions, but it was written all over her face. Her eyes pointed straight forward and she was in a trance, searching the future. "Bella, Alice and I are coming to get you, hold on, you're okay were coming!" I told her and put the phone down on the cradle. I turned around to face Alice and before we know it we are climbing into my new silver BMW and speeding down our drive towards the southern Quileute border, breaking all of the speed limits but, oh well, we are vampires we can get away with a lot of things. I took the cell phone that Alice handed me, only taking her hands off of the steering wheel for half a second. I quickly opened the contacts and dialled the number for Bella's cell. " Alice?" Bella's voice came through the receiver. "No, it's me. Can you tell us where you are? We know you are at the south end of the border but we could do with a more precise location, Alice still can't see you properly so you must only just be out of their territory." I informed her. " There's a small clearing behind me, and there are loads of trees chopped down, I'm where Edward usually collects me, ash Alice she knows where it is." Bella told me. I lifted the phone away from my ear and turned to face Alice. "You know where that is?" I questioned. "Yeah, we're about three minutes away." Alice told me, pushing her foot down on the accelerator. "You hear that Bells?" I asked her. "Yeah I did, see you guys soon…" Bella trailed off and I took the phone away from my ear, ending the call. Bella POV Jasper hung up the phone after he assured me that he and Alice were coming. It made me feel better knowing that I wasn't alone in this and that Alice, Jasper and the rest of the Cullen's were willing to protect me. I walked up the embankment and sat under a tree to protect myself from the spitting rain. I used the sleeve of my shirt, in a most unladylike fashion, in an attempt to wipe away the tears and the run mascara from underneath my eyes. I suddenly heard a screech and a car come to an abrupt stop. For a second I thought it was Jacob and I stayed where I was until I heard somebody call out my name. "Bella!" someone called and then somebody else shouted after me too. "Bella! Where are you?" It was then I realised that it was Jasper and Alice. I stood up from underneath the tree and stepped out from the trees. "Alice! Jasper!" I bounded over to them and straight into Jasper's arms. He wrapped his arms around my back squeezing me, assuring me that he was there and that I was safe. After a few moments I looked up at Jasper sheepishly. Jasper had changed hugely, not just the fact that he can put up with my scent now, he had welcomed me into the family just like the others. "Sorry" I said, a little embarrassed. "No need to be sorry little sister!" Jasper smiled at me before I let him go and walked over to Alice, throwing my arms around her as well. Jasper chuckled when I pulled away. "Bella are you okay?" She asked me. I smiled slightly at her before I stepped back looking at the both of them. "Bella I can only see you walking back to the border, clearly upset! What happened?" Alice asked me. "Something happened with Jacob and I left him by the lake, I'll come over to the house later and explain later. Please? Right now I need to go home and talk to Charlie, I will only be a few minutes and then I'll be over to the house before you know it. Can you please take me there and I will drive over to your house after I have spoken to Charlie, I need to ask Carlisle about my hand anyway?" I asked. They both looked at each other before nodding at me, Alice lead me back over to the car before getting in the back beside me holding her cold hand around my wrist to reduce the swelling a little. Jasper got into the driver's seat and started the car, turning around and heading back to Forks. For a while I was in a daze before I finally came back to reality. I looked around the car, realising I had never seen it before, even in the Cullen garage. "Uh, whose car is this?" I asked. Jasper chuckled before answering me. "It's mine, it was delivered yesterday, you are surprisingly observant today. I was getting a little fed up with the bike so I tried a different approach, do you like it?" I met his concerned gaze in the front mirror before answering. "Yes, it's very nice, it's pretty, and it definitely a Cullen car." Both Alice and Jasper chuckled at my comment. "What is a 'Cullen car'?" Alice asked me. I smiled at him before saying "You know, a nice car, an expensive car, a car that you drive, give me another person in Forks that drives around in a Porsche on a daily basis." I said laughing. Both of them laughed at my comment and I sighed as we arrived at Charlie's house. I knew he was home because I could see the police cruiser in the driveway. "So," Jasper said "you'll be at our house once you have spoken to your father?" I nodded and assured them both that I would get there safe. I got out of the car, watching as Alice scampered into the front passenger seat and watched the car disappear around the corner. I approached the front door clutching my injured hand to my chest before knocking the door and waiting for Charlie to answer the door. The front door swung open to reveal a very surprised looking Charlie looking at me curiously. He then saw my wrist clutched to my chest and sighed. "What on earth did you do this time Bella?" I stormed past him letting him see the hurt written all over my face. "How dare you storm passed me! Isabella Swan I am your father and you will show me some respect! Bella, what did you do to your hand?" "Jacob kissed me and I punched him." I admitted reluctantly. It was then I got a reaction that I didn't expect, Charlie started laughing; laughing at the fact that his own daughter has been assaulted and that she is hurt. When Charlie was finally able to speak though the tears streaming down his face, he said, "You are moping around because a boy kissed you? Because Jacob kissed you? Bella this is ridiculous, and quite frankly its very childish." It was then I snapped. I grabbed the car keys and barged past him. Charlie grabbed my uninjured hand as I stepped off the porch and pulled me around to face him. "Let me go!" I yelled at him. Charlie POV I could not contain my anger anymore because of the blatant disrespect of my daughter. How dare she barge past me! Who does she think she is? I have been feeling the same lack of disrespect from Bella for weeks, and I had a feeling what, or who, was the problem. The Cullen's. "Where are you going?" I demanded "I, am going to the Cullen's to see my brothers and Carlisle, I need to