Disclaimer : I don't own Twilight . Author ' s Note: This was originally for the "Fun With Your Clothes On" Contest but I didn't finish it in time. The title comes from a song by the Pixies, so it's not mine. This is not a songfic. I hope you like it. There is a little bit of sex and a little bit of drug use so it that bothers you, don't read. This should be a short story and should update fairly quickly. Here Comes Your Man Chapter 1 ~ Bella ~ "I'm not going to do it Bella!" I see his eyes flash and his grip tightens on the wheel. His knuckles are turning white. Gosh. He's so melodramatic. I swear Edward watches soaps on TV when I'm not with him. It's not like I'm asking him to murder someone. "Come on Edward! Please…" I'm pouting. I know he can't say no when I'm doing that. "I said no, Bella. I'm not gonna pop your cherry!" Apparently, on special occasions, he can say no. "If you won't do it, I'll ask Jasper. I'm sure he'll say yes." Edward pushes on the brakes so hard I nearly crash into the dashboard. He stops the car in the middle of the road. He's lucky we live in the middle of nowhere. He turns his head toward me and I swear I've never seen him this furious before. Who knew my virginity was such a sore spot for him… "He won't fucking dare!" He practically hisses. "I've been best friends with Jasper longer than I have with you. He owes me a few favors." Edward snorts. "That's highly unlikely, he's been dating that new girl, Alice, for like a couple of weeks now." "Seriously? Where did you hear that?" I'm in full gossip mode now. I can't believe Jasper didn't tell me. "Rose told me. She doesn't like the new girl so much." "Your sister doesn't like anybody," I point out. "That's not true! Rosalie likes you!" He defends her. "Yeah after eight years of knowing each other. It took her three years to even warm up to me and we were ten!" He finally decides to get the car moving again. I don't care. Mr. Mason is always late; he lives on the other side of town. "Anyway," I say to get back on track, "how did it happen? Jasper and the new girl I mean." "Well, Rose told me that they've been fucking since school started but that they've decided to do the whole exclusive thing now." "I've seen her around the school, she's seems to be a bit of a fashionista, that's usually enough to get on your sister's good side." "Why are you so interested anyway? Disappointed Jasper's not going to fuck you?" "You were the one who brought it up! You're the one who's going all Perez Hilton on me!" "Don't fucking say that to me." "I'm not changing my mind Edward. I want you to have sex with me!" "Bella, come on! Stop being ridiculous!" "I'm not being ridiculous! I'm 18. I've given it a lot of thoughts. I'm going to be in college next year and I don't want to lose my virginity to some frat guy I barely know and who would have gotten me drunk. I want my first time to be with someone I trust. Someone who cares and who I know will make me feel good. I want this someone to be you, Edward." He's silent. I'm taking this as a good sign. "I've known you for eight years. We've been best friends ever since. Please, Edward, do this for me." "You don't want to have sex, Bella. Please, be serious for one second. You wear cotton panties with flowers and hearts on them. Clearly, that doesn't scream 'do me'." An arrogant smirk graces his lips. He thinks he's winning this one. Jerk. "What do my panties have to do with anything? It's not like I'm going to wear them when you fuck me!" "You want to have sex?" He says this like he's questioning my sanity. I nod. "You don't know what sex is like, I'm sure you haven't even touched yourself before." He's seriously starting to piss me off. Who does he think he is? Just because he slept with Lauren and Jessica doesn't make him a sex god! I look out the window. We're arriving to school; he's parking his car to the most secluded spot as usual. It's the perfect opportunity. "Bella," he says, looking straight at me with his green eyes, "you need to…" "Shut up! Of course I've masturbated before. You may not see me as a girl but I have needs and desires and fantasies like everyone else." "Fantasies?" he stammers out, reddening a little. I look at him straight in the eye and without lowering my gaze; I start to unbutton my jeans. I kick out my ballet flats and remove one leg out of the jeans. I raise my leg on the dashboard. "What the hell are you doing?" His eyes are glowering and his knuckles are once again tightened on the wheel. Without even dignifying that with an answer, I slip my hand in my panties. I begin to rub my clit slowly and I keep staring at him, never letting him go. I fight to keep my eyes open. I'm getting nice and wet. My panties are drenched and his eyes are darkening in what I hope is desire. "Bella," he growls. "Seriously, what the fuck are you doing? Get your hand out of there!" I don't listen to him. I rub harder and faster. I pant. I gasp. I moan. At first, you can barely hear it, it's gentle, but the slicker I get and the faster I circle my clit, I'm starting to get a lot louder. I feel like I can hear my moans echoing off the glass of the car's windows. Touching myself with him watching me is the biggest turn on. ~ Edward ~ She's moaning. Loudly. I'm sure she doesn't realize it but she's moaning my name. She seems to have no shame. She's flushed and her back is arched. She's trying to keep her eyes on me but her lids are heavy when the pleasure is the greatest. I can't believe I'm watching Bella touching herself, but I can't help looking. Her brown eyes are dark pools of lust and she's doing that girly 'under the lashes' look which is hotter than I can even describe. I can't keep up with her gaze. My eyes drop to her hand in her panties. I see it moving. I can only assume from the position that she's rubbing her clit. She's mewling noisily: she's purring like a kitten. Her hand is moving lower and I imagine—wish—that she's thrusting one then two fingers inside her. Her breath gets caught in her throat and I picture that she inserts one of her digit and pumps it in and out. I see the movement from underneath the material of her panties: she pulls her fingers out and starts stroking her clit rougher. "Edward…Edward… Edward," she breathes heavily and my name seems the only thing that can fall from her lips. I do my best to keep my cool. I fail. This is just too much of a turn on. My erection is stiff and hard against my jeans and I only want to take it out and start pumping myself to the same rhythm as her fingers. She trashes. Her hips buck. The leg on the dashboard starts to tremble and her purple-painted toes are curling. She screams as she's coming. And she's so beautiful at that moment that I don't fucking care that she's just ruined my leather seats. She removes her hand from her white cotton panties and then—fuck me—she presses her fingers to my lips. She smears her cum on my mouth and my tongue comes out to lick it off of her fingers. She tastes salty and slightly bitter. She tastes like Bella and I just want to bury my head between her legs and eat her out for hours and hours and keep her coming and coming in my mouth, on my tongue… It's a strange thought; I've never seen Bella as sexualized before that. She puts on her shoes, slides up her jeans and looks at me completely relaxed and spent. She takes her bag and turns one more time towards me. "The offer is still standing. But you have to know, I only thought of you. I'll let you make up your mind but if you say no, I'll go to Jacob Black. With or without you, I'm losing my virginity. I'd rather it'd be you so… think long and hard about it." Her eyes zoom in on my crotch. My hard on is painfully obvious. "I'm sure you'll have no problem with that." ~ Bella ~ Mentioning Jacob Black is a low blow. I know it. Edward hates him. Jacob is the son of my father's best friend and had a bit of a crush on me when I was twelve and he ten. I'm pretty sure Jake got over it but still, Edward hates his guts. I think, in his mind, he's under the impression that he has to share me with Jake. I knew Jake before I knew Edward and Edward doesn't like that. Just like he doesn't like the fact that Jasper has been my best friend for longer than he has. Edward has got serious property issues. Anyway, I have the first two classes with Jasper and I'm only with Edward in fourth and fifth period. I'll give him time to think. I was late by the time I got to English class but just like I predicted, Mr. Mason isn't here yet. I see that Jasper is already seated in his usual seat and is waiting for me. I fling my stuff on the table and drop in the seat next to him. I feel a smug smile coming to my lips as I'm about to grill him. "So, Stanley, how's your Stella?" I ask and I see in his eyes that it's like I'm speaking Chinese. "Excuse me? What the fuck does that mean?" "I don't know, you tell me. Don't have some news to share?" "Are you high?" He asks and I can't help laughing when his hands cup my face to get a better look of my eyes. "Did you smoke weed with Edward in his car again? Fuck! I told him not to let you smoke that shit anymore! You know how you get!" "Shut up! I'm not high!" I protest as I pull away from him. "I'm talking about your new girl Jazz. You know the one you didn't tell me about and the one I didn't know you were fucking until this morning." "Why Stanley and Stella?" Jasper asks, confused. With the amount of weed he smokes, it must have burnt off some neurons. " A Streetcar Named Desire ? Tennessee Williams? You know because he is from Mississippi just like your girl. Does that ring any bell?" Jasper is looking at me like there's a joke he doesn't get. I sigh and roll my eyes. "It should, we studied it this semester in this class." "You know I'm more of a history guy." "Don't think I didn't notice you very subtlety changing the subject. Spill it!" "Who told you?" He asks and I get the feeling he really doesn't want to talk about it. "Rose told Edward who told me," I say rapidly hoping he gets on with the story. "Should have figured," he sighs "You know, Rose doesn't like your new girl very much. I think she has a crush on you," I joke with a smile. I know for sure that Rose isn't the least bit attracted to Jasper. "Rose doesn't like anyone except her