Romance between the Sea and Sky Hello everyone Snowdust Haku15 here with the prequel to Greek Wisdom and Roman Thunder and the Ninth story of my 'Romance Between' series. This one-shot is a story of a relationship between Thalia and Percy on the Argo, where in a twist of plot they had just saved Thalia from Orion after he slew the hunters leaving only her alive and Percy/Thalia know about Annabeth cheating on Percy with Jason. I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or Heroes of Olympus - Wish I did cause that would be awesome! -The Argo II over Sparta- "So is there any particular reason you're in my room?" Percy asked with a drawl in his voice from over at the desk of his cabin quarters where he had been working on navigating sea charts as he looked over at the person laying his bed. " Again! " Thalia just grumbled from where she lay, taking up the entirety of the scion of the sea's bed, a look of annoyance crossing her face as the beautiful, former Huntress of Artemis glared up at the ceiling with electricity dancing in her eyes. "You act like you don't know the fucking reason seaweed brain," Thalia snapped as she glanced over to the sea-born demigod that thanks to her joining the Hunt was only a year older than her now, the demigod who was currently being cheated on by his girlfriend, Annabeth Chase. "The two idiots are going at it again in the stables! I still can't believe that my precious little Annie would do something like this!" "Oh I know Thalia," The son of Poseidon said as he looked out of the window next to the bed out towards the deep blue sky and the fluffy clouds that flew past the ship. "I gave up caring about what those two were doing after we caught them at it in the dining area…" The latest daughter of Zeus gave a sigh a she sat up and pressed her back to the wall of the cabin, she too remembered that event as that had been the time she found out about the indecent behavior of Annabeth and the storm child's younger brother. Flashback: Thalia Grace gave a tired yawn as she made her way through the dark corridors of the large, flying trireme towards the dining area in the hopes of snagging a bottle of water to help her get back to sleep after re-witnessing the horrible memory turned nightmare of when the giant Orion had murdered her sisters in the Hunt. Just as the daughter of Zeus was about to open the door and walk in, her hand halted over the door handle as she heard sounds that suspiciously sounded like gasps and moans. Taking a peek through the window of the door, while cursing her short height at the same time, Thalia's eyes immediately widened when she caught sight of two people on the table of the dining room missing most of the articles of their clothing while bucking their hips against one another… There in the room were two people that shouldn't be performing this certain act together… Jason and Annabeth… Both of whom were supposedly going out with two different people… There was no way to mistake her little staple-eating brother for Percy, the young man that she knew to be her surrogate little sister's boyfriend, nor was she able to mistake the young honey blonde architect for the Native American heritage of Piper McLean, especially not when the two currently fornicating on the table were the only two blond/e's on the ship at the current time. Rage quickly filled her senses with lightning sparking at the sides of her eyes and her hand clenched down on the knob of the door; getting ready to storm right in there and tear the two of them away from one another before unleashing her rage on the two for committing an act she never thought possible from either one. However before she could make a sound or move, a large hand clasped around the wrist of the hand holding the knob and another covered her mouth, causing her to stop and turn her electric blue eyes to find out who had the gall to touch her, only for her to freeze as she found a stoic faced Percy to be the one holding onto her, his sea green eyes staring through the window at the scene playing out between his 'girlfriend' and Thalia's brother with barely restrained rage that gave him a terrifying experience. Turning to make eye contact with the captive Thalia, the girl of thunder noticed a tear run down his right cheek and he shook his head, "Don't." Narrowing her eyes at the single word, the girl decided to follow his orders for once and allowed her cousin to manually turn her away from the dining room door and lead her back towards his room with his arm wrapped around her arms to keep her from going back, where they would proceed to talk to each other about the coupling she had just witnessed… Flashback End: "Why do you let them continue to treat you like this?" The child of Grace asked as she motioned for Percy to come and sit next to her, something the demigod took her up on before she clasped her arms around her legs and set her chin on her knees to stare at the opposing wall. "If it were me, I'd have electrocuted them both by now…" Percy chuckled humorously at the idea of a barbequed Annabeth and Jason as a storm raged behind his expressive sea green eyes while he wondered what it would be like to feel the life drain from the son of Jupiter's body as he held him underwater. "Because after witnessing it so many times, I've just stopped caring, I guess I already noticed that we were drifting apart when she chose to sit next to Jason so many times at the table after we found each other again or that she would always be laughing at some joke he made before they started disappearing together more and more after out pit-stop in Atlanta." Thalia furrowed her brow and sent the sea god's son a concerned glance out of the corner of her eye, wondering what she could do to make the downtrodden demigod feel better before wondering how she would feel if she had stayed at camp instead of joining her immortal sister's group and found a boyfriend, only to catch the boyfriend cheating on her with another girl, a close friend. Looking back at him for a fifth time after a few minutes of silence between the two while they pondered where everything had gone wrong and why their best friend/little sister figure would do something like this, Thalia surprised Percy when she climbed into his lap before fisting his black hair and pulling his head forward to press her lips against his. Slightly overcoming his surprise, the sea scion's hands fell onto the former Huntress of Artemis' waist and his lips pressed firmly against hers, parting and allowing entry and exit as they partook in the swapping of each other's saliva. Once they parted, Thalia and Percy panted to regain their breath with the Jack's son bearing a startled look on his face, "What the hell was that for, Thalia?" "Shh. No talking, seaweed brain," Thalia chided him with a sultry tone coming out in her words before she returned to claiming the lips of her cousin once more with her arms moving to rest around the neck of the startled young man and pulled him closer to her, where her chest pressed against his and she idly marveled that his lips tasted a lot like sea salt ice cream. Thalia then pulled away to take in some air and allow her partner to do the same and her electric blue eyes stared into the confused sea green eyes of the son of Poseidon. "Just let me heal you." "Heal me?" Percy asked only to get a groan in response as Thalia pulled him into another heated kiss. That seemed to get the message across to the dense seventeen year old as he started to indulge the instincts that he had inherited from his father and wrapped his large hands around the petite girl's waist. After a short minute of making out, the daughter of Zeus gave a surprised gasp when they disconnected from each other and the son of Poseidon flipped them over so that her back pressed against the covers of Percy's bed and her hands found themselves hanging onto his broad shoulders. "You're beautiful…" was all he said as his mind slowly went away from the topic of Annabeth cheating on him with the son of Jupiter while he stared into the beautiful blue eyes of the Grace beneath him. Blushing at his words and before he could say anything else, Thalia quickly flipped them over so that it was Percy's turn to have his back on the bed and the domineering sky child climbed atop him, her intimate spot rubbing at his quickly hardening manhood through their jeans as a roguish grin grew on her face. "Calling a girl that you've never even dated before beautiful? You're quite the daring trooper, aren't you seaweed brain?" She asked with a smirk before leaning down to kiss him again. However their current activity came to an abrupt end as, her partner grabbed her arms to keep her at bay as a serious look overcame the roguish features he inherited from his father. "Are you sure you want to do this, Thalia? What about the Hunt?" Thalia simply leaned back on her haunches, letting her full weight push down on the bulging tent in his pants, and she pulled her beloved jacket off before grabbing the bottom of her 'Barbie must DIE!' shirt and lifting it up over her head to drop it on the ground next to the bed. While Percy gaped at the fact that apparently his cousin went au natural without a bra as her heaving, naked breasts suggested, said cousin grabbed the collar of his button up t-shirt and ripped it down the middle, sending buttons flying every which way while she revealed his muscular torso that was built from the constant battles he had fought over the years. "What th-? Oh, come on Thalia, you could have just asked!" Percy exclaimed at the sight of his ruined shirt, hoping his mother wouldn't chew him out too much for ruining the shirt Paul had gotten him for a fishing trip between stepfather and stepson before he had vanished. "Shut up, Percy," Thalia growled as she lowered her body to his and claimed his lips as her breasts pressed against his naked torso, making Perseus Junior twitch even more than he had already been. Causing Percy to clam up as ordered and pressed his own lips against her questing mouth as he wrapped his arms around the older girl's naked back and hugged her lithe frame to his body. After a few minutes of kissing and Percy rubbing his hands up and down her sides, Thalia moaned in nearly restrained pleasure as she felt the Jackson's hands come around her front to grope and massage her breasts. The nineteen year old demigoddess who was still in the form of her sixteen year old self lifted her body up, then reached between the two of them and rubbed the demigod's cock through his pants, getting a groan of pleasured appreciation from her partner in crime. Percy quickly took initiative in their coupling and lifted her off of his body and quickly pulled his pants off with some help from Thalia, quickly repeating the same procedure on the daughter of Zeus in order to liberate them of the constricting pieces of cloth. Upon freeing the son of Poseidon's rather large