Disclaimer: Percabeth is not mine. Sorry! Author's Note: Happy ONE-SHOT Monday. This is not my favorite story, but I still like it. I wanted to do something not so heavy. Red Rings Today started like a great day. I promised Annabeth to meet her in the corner just before school. We walk together to Goode High School every morning. I was just a couple of minutes late and I was running like escaping from a monster. Annabeth would definitely be mad if I don't make a hasty appearance. Just around the corner, I found her looking at her watch and moving her foot impatiently. I was a goner for sure if I didn't play my cards right. "Hello, wise girl" I said with my brightest smile. Her anger vanished with my smile and I was saved. She pulled me closer and kissed me with a smile on her face. "Hello, seaweed brain" said Annabeth. I took her hand and we walked to school. "How is Olympus?" I said while we walked. Annabeth sighed exhausted as if something annoyed her. "Ares destroyed my salad bar so I have to re-do it but at least Hermes is really pleased with his new garden" said Annabeth as we crossed the street. "That's great. I guess" I said. Before I noticed, we were walking into the school. Sadly, Annabeth and I didn't have all our classes together, just 3. I walked her to her first class Biology on the second floor then I went to mine Algebra. I was almost in the classroom when I saw that I didn't have my textbook. I probably left it in the locker. On my way back to the locker, a girl walked in front of me. She was waving at my direction with a big smile. I turned to see if she was waving to someone behind, but I was alone. The girl stopped in front of me. She was pretty with black hair and light brown eyes. I waved at her nervously. "Perseus" said the girl. I was startled. Most kids at school don't know that's my full name, less a complete stranger. "Do I know you?" I said trying to remember her face. "It's me, Emma Cooper… Montauk? The sailing boat? Like a decade ago?" said the girl smiling. I tried so hard to remember her. "I…" I said so nervously that I was sweating. This girl was so pretty that was unnerving. "Don't you remember me?" said Emma biting her bottom lip and looked at me sadly. She showed a cheap plastic red ring in her little finger hoping to make me remember her, but I was blank. "I can't believe you forget about me" said Emma with a sad voice. "I didn't mean to. I forgot a lot of things last year" I said scratching my head. Emma stared at me with curiosity. "What do you mean?" she said. "Percy" said Annabeth from behind me. She had just walked into us. I was more nervous. Annabeth can be very jealous sometimes. "Hi. Annabeth, this is Emma. Emma, this is my girlfriend Annabeth" I said introducing them and hoping for peace. They stared at each other with hard looks and I could almost feel the air getting thicker. "Hi, nice to meet you" said Emma with a bright smile. "Nice to meet you. How do you two meet?" said Annabeth with the same bright, even fake smile. "Just right now. Perseus helped me with some books" said Emma and coiled her hair flirty in front of me making Annabeth glared. Nobody called me Perseus. "Really?" said Annabeth almost snorting. "Really, well, thank you. See you around" said Emma and walked by our side. Then we were alone. Annabeth looked angry like this girl really got under her skin. "Did she call you Perseus?" said Annabeth containing her anger. "I believe she did" I said innocently. "Mmmm" said Annabeth and threw a hard look at me. I winced scared. Annabeth was mad and I didn't do anything this time. "What?" I said with my hands in air calling a truce. Annabeth looked at me and sighed. "I got your book" said Annabeth with a more relaxed tone. She threw me the book and looked to the side upset. I caught the book and smiled. "Thanks" I said. "Come on, we are late" said Annabeth and walked to her classroom fast and faintly fuming. I sighed and I went to my class alone. The rest of the day was slightly better, except for the fact that Emma was in 3 classes with me, sharing one with me and Annabrth. She threw me looks and winks during the classes making me nervous and blushing a couple of times. She was cute. Days later, I found Emma waiting for me by my locker. Annabeth was gone to her debate club. "Hi" I said nervously. She smiled so cute that I blushed. "Hi" she said. "Nice to see you again, Emma" I said more nervously almost stammering. "Do you remember your promise?" said Emma with such seriousness in her face that I felt like she was talking about a prophecy. "What promise?" I said really confused. She bit her bottom lip and looked away. She sighed sadly making me wondering why she was sad. "You are not ready" said Emma softly and leaning to me. I felt anxious as I saw her just inches of me. She wet her lips like saying 'come on kiss me' "I don't understand" I said taking a step back. I was blushing. "You will, sea boy" said Emma with a smile and walked to the other direction. I was perplexed. "What did you call me?" I said as I understood her words. Who was this girl? "I gotta go. Bye" said Emma hailing her hand without turning her head back to see me. I looked at her turning in the corner and disappeared of my sight. "What was that?" I said and I kicked the floor in frustration. For the rest of the month, Emma kept making subtle and not so subtle flirts at me. When we got class together, she was funny, relaxed and interesting to talk to. I really liked her like a friend. When Annabeth was around, she was extra sweet trying to make Annabeth jealous and getting me in trouble, which happened every time. I really had to talk with her but I didn't know how. One afternoon, I was walking alone back home. Annabeth had to stay in her debate club, nothing unusual these days. As I turned the corner in front of my building, a hellhound appeared. I uncapped my favorite sword ready to fight when the hellhound disappeared in cloud of dust. Someone attacked it from behind. As the dust started to settle, I saw Emma with a Japanese sword. We stared at each other confused. "Percy, Emma" we said together. She walked to me looking at my sword as I looked at hers. "Are you a demigod?" we said together. She nodded. I wondered if I did see her in Camp Jupiter and I just didn't remember her. "How didn't I see in any of the Camps?" I said. "I have been living in Japan until two months ago" said Emma and putting her sword away as she pushed a bottom turning the sword in bracelet. That was really cool. She placed the bracelet in her wrist again. Emma placed a string of hair behind her ear and looked at me. "But you are demigod. You should train in Camp" I said. "I was trained by a legacy. He was my master, Hiroshi-sensei" said Emma shrugging. Well, that explained a lot. "Are you Roman or Greek?" I said. She smiled and made me blushed. She was really pretty. "Emma, daughter of Bellona" said Emma and shook my hand like if we just met. "Percy, son of Poseidon" I said. "Well, that explains a lot when we were little, sea boy… Come on. I take you for some coffee" said Emma and took my arm. We walked to a coffee shop and I got a big blueberry muffin. We chatted for the rest of the afternoon. She told me about her life in Japan, her master, and I told her about the Camps. She smiled a lot making me blush and I doubt a little about my feelings for Annabeth. That weekend, my mom made me clean my closet. As I looked in old boxes of old toys. I found a red ring just like hers. Inside the ring, there was something written in black marker: Emma. I wondered if her ring said my name and the promise she claims I made when we were younger. Sadly, I couldn't remember her at all, so I was even more confused about her. I needed some answers, so I walked to the kitchen where my mom was making me lasagna. "Mom. I'm trying to remember something. Do you have the pictures of our vacations in Montauk?" I said casually. "Which ones? We went almost every year" said my mom thinking where I was going. "When I was 8?" I said shrugging. "Let me look. Chop the lettuce" said my mom and walked to her room. I chopped the lettuce and she returned a couple of minutes later with a shoebox full of photos. We sat on the table and looked at the pictures. I was smiling in all the pictures and I looked very happy. Finally, I found one picture with a girl wearing a red straw hat. She looked just like Emma. We were waving at the camera and we were wearing the rings. My mom looked over my shoulder and saw the picture. "Yeah, you looked so cute with that girl… gosh! I don't remember her name" she said taking the picture of my hand. "Emma" I said. "That's right… You two were so cute, hanging out and wearing matching rings like a married couple, ahhh" she said. "We were? Why?" I said nervously. "Well, you told me it was about a promise" said my mom and I was really confused. "About what?" I said. I needed a straight answer. "You never told me. You were a cute couple though" said mom shrugging and kept chopping stuff. Later that night, I have a dream of the beach with Emma. We were just in front of the beach house in Montauk. She was wearing the same red straw hat I saw in the picture. "Hi" said Emma "Hi" I said. She was sad almost crying. "I'm going now. Will you keep your promise?" said Emma and she showed me her little finger. "I do" I said and we made a pinky promise. I woke up the following day remembering that part of the dream and I sat in bed wondering a lot of things but one in particular. 'What did I promise?' I had the feeling that the rings were important in the promise as she still used her in her little finger. I thought and I thought, then I remembered reading something Chinese or Japanese about a red string. I tried to find the book in my room but I didn't have any luck. I thought on asking Annabeth, but that would make her suspicions. I didn't want to upset her. So, I called my only friend who might have an answer by IM "What's up, Percy?" said Frank. "Hi, I need you opinion on something. I apparently made a promise to girl. She wears a red ring in her little finger and I have the feeling it has to do with it" I said. Frank looked up and down scratching his chin and thinking hard. "Well, there is a legend in Asia about the red string of fate" said Frank. "What's that?" I said. "It is said that soul mates are connected by a red string. The string can stretch and bed but never broken"