Disclaimer: I don't own them. Sorry! Author's Note: Thank you! Happy 5 de Mayo! Missing Memories What happens when someone severs their relationship by changing their memories together? Could they find their way back? One-shot Monday. After months of peace, Winter Break was in full swing and Camp Half-Blood was full with activities and campers. One morning, days before Christmas, campers were startled by loud screams coming from Cabin 3. Inside the cabin, two campers just woke up in the same bed. Annabeth woke up really content of a good night of sleep when something moved near her. Her eyes widened with horror at the sight of back of a black haired boy snoring without t-shirt next to her. She gasped frightened and stood up. "What the bloody Tartarus are you doing here?!" yelled Annabeth. The boy woke up and looked at her with surprise and anger. "What are you doing here? This is my bed!" yelled Percy. Annabeth looked around and she realized this wasn't her cabin. "What? Did you kidnap me?!" yelled Annabeth. "Why would I? You are NOT that pretty" snorted Percy making Annabeth angry. "Shut up!" yelled Annabeth. "Shut me up!" yelled Percy. "I've better go before you rape me, sicko!" yelled Annabeth and walked out the cabin fuming. Annabeth was already in the middle of the cabins when Percy caught her wrist. She turned to see him and he was mad. Campers were starting to surround them ready for a spectacle. "Wait a minute!" yelled Percy. "Let go of me!" yelled Ananbeth and slapped him. Some campers gasped and other giggled. Percy let her hand go. "How didn't I know if you drug me and rape?" said Percy loudly. Annabeth was fuming but then she saw him. "Are you insane?... Why are wearing only boxers?" said Annabeth confused. "I was in my cabin. I am always alone so I can wear whatever I want…" said Percy and he lowered his eyes like checking her up. Percy smiled mischievously making Annabeth flushed. "What?" said Annabeth confused then she saw herself. She was wearing a cami and sleep shorts. She felt naked with such stare. "You are disgusting!" said Annabeth and stormed away to her cabin. Once Annabeth was inside the cabin, she screamed of exasperation. She was supposed to be poised and calmed but Percy Jackson had a way to annoy and push her buttons every single time. She changed her sleepwear quickly into denim shorts and camp t-shirt. "Annabeth, what's going on?" said Malcolm walking in. He saw the whole thing. "The stupid son of Poseidon dragged me to his bed. I woke up there" said Annabeth with her fists clenched ready and kicked her bunk chest. "Come on, are you joking, right?" said Malcolm with a smile. "What do you mean?" said Annabeth staring at him. "Come on, Percy is your boyfriend" said Malcolm hoping for Annabeth to break a laugh or giggle. "Are you insane too? I don't have a boyfriend, less him" said Annabeth and Malcolm lost his smile. "You don't remember?" said Malcolm walking closer to her. He touched her forehead hoping for fever and hallucinations. "What I don't remember?" said Annabeth now worried. "Come with me" said Malcolm taking her hand and dragging her out. Malcolm walked with Annabeth to Hypnos Cabin. Piper caught up with them before entering. She also saw the whole thing and everything was just really suspicious. "Annabeth, are you alright?" said Piper. "Yes, I feel fine. I don't know why Malcolm is taking me here?" said Annabeth. Piper nodded with a concern stare. Inside the cozy cabin, Clovis was sleeping. Malcolm and Piper shook him for a couple of minutes until he woke up. It took them more to convince him to take a look to Annabeth. Clovis touched Annabeth's head for a couple of minutes making the rest anxious. "Their memories were changed, a God maybe, very powerful magic is involved" said Clovis. He walked to his bed and slept again. Annabeth stood up and walked around the cabin. She was feeling drowsy in such warm cozy environment. "Who?" said Piper looking at Malcolm. "Aphrodite?" said Malcolm. "Do you really think my mother would do something…? What I am saying? Of course, it was my mother. She must be really bored these days. Probably, there is nothing good on Hephaestus TV" said Piper. "What are we going to do?" said Malcolm. "Hope that something triggers their memories?" said Piper. "It's not a bad plan" said Malcolm. "Really?" said Piper. "Of course, it's a terrible plan" said Malcolm rolling his eyes. Piper was about to say something to Malcolm when she realized Annabeth wasn't with them anymore. "Wait! Where is Annabeth?" said Piper, then she looked at the door. Annabeth was just getting to the door to leave. "Where are you going?" said Malcolm. "I don't have time for your nonsense. My memory is perfectly fine. I have a class to teach" said Annabeth. Annabeth walked alone to the training arena where she had a class with the youngest campers, kids around 7 to 12. Most of them were year-arounders for two main reasons: orphans or abandoned. Annabeth walked to be greeted by 6 little kids when she saw a teenager with them. "What are you doing here?" spatted Annabeth at Percy. "This is my class" said Percy looking at his sword. Annabeth walked to the bulletin board by the arena and grabbed the schedule. She showed it to Percy. "Damn no, this is my class! It says right here… with your name too. That's weird. I don't remember ever teaching with you" said Annabeth once she read the paper. Percy snatched the paper from her hands and read it too. He was confused. "That makes two" said Percy. "Are you staying or not?" said Annabeth looking at his eyes. She tried not to blush since she liked the eye color. "No, you stay" said Percy and left Annabeth with the kids. Percy walked alone to his Cabin. Since he didn't have a class to teach, he would spend some time relaxing in his cabin, probably listening to music or taking a nap. He was almost getting to his cabin when someone ran at him. "Hey, Percy" said Drew waving at him. "Hi, Drew" said Percy. "I was wondering if you want to hang out in the lake later" said Drew using all her charm, though she didn't need it. Percy wanted the same too. "Sure" said Percy with a smile. "It's a date then" said Drew smiling back and winked at him very flirtatiously. Drew left to her cabin and Percy entered his. In the entrance of Cabin 10, Piper was waiting for Drew. She saw the whole thing. "What do you think are you doing?" hissed Piper. Drew threw her a sassy smile and shrugged. "What? He is in the market, right?" said Drew and walked in her cabin. Piper sighed and went to find Rachel. She probably knew what to do. Later that day, Annabeth walked to Cabin 3 fuming. Campers could almost see the smoke coming out her ears. She was really furious. She slammed Percy's door opening waking up Percy. Annabeth walked to him and tried not to blush. He was wearing only boxers again. "What do you want now?" yelled Percy standing up as fast as he could. "Are you trying to make some kind of sick joke on me?" said Annabeth with her hands on her sides. Her face was red of rage. "What are you talking about, Chase?" said Percy also angry. "This picture" said Annabeth showing him a picture in her bed. "You made it" Percy stared at the picture. It was the two of them. Annabeth was waving and laughing as Percy was kissing her cheek with his arms on her waist. They looked like a happy couple in love. "I didn't. Maybe you did. Maybe you want so hard to get in my pants that you made it for your pervert fantasies… I can't blame you. I am a hero, good looking and all. I'm all girls' dream" said Percy with a sneer. Annabeth blushed and got so furious that ripped the picture in pieces. "I didn't do such thing" said Annabeth. "I can see you face blushing. You are thinking about me in that way… Well, in your dreams" sneered Percy. "Shut up, idiot" yelled Annabeth and walked away fuming. Later that night, Annabeth had terrible nightmares that made her scream and toss on her bed. After two hours of nightmares, her siblings threw her out of the cabin claiming for a good night of sleep. So Annabeth was out of her cabin without a place to go to. She thought of going to the big house or Rachel's cave, and then she heard painful noises coming from cabin 3. She walked slowly to the cabin with her sword at hand. Annabeth entered slowly the cabin to find Percy moaning, sweating, gasping, whimpering and tossing around the bed. He looked like in pain. Annabeth stared at him and sighed. She didn't know what to do. She wondered if she looked like that before Malcolm woke her up. Annabeth sighed and shook Percy until he woke up scary and panting. "What are you doing here?" said Percy scared as he sat up covering himself. He was sleeping without a shirt. "I heard you and I came to check up on you. I thought there was a monster here" said Annabeth. "Kind of… I dreamed so horrible. I was surrounded in a toxic environment, even breathing hurt. Drakons were chasing me and…" said Percy wiping off the sweat of his forehead. "I had a dream like that. My siblings threw me out of the cabin. I don't let them sleep apparently" said Annabeth. "You can sleep here in you want" said Percy. Annabeth felt her face red. "You are disgusting. You are trying to get me in your bed" snorted Annabeth. "You wish. There are plenty of empty beds and you can't go back to your cabin, right?" said Percy and they stared at each other. For some reason, Annabeth didn't feel that awkward at all by the proposal, so she nodded. "Yeah, why not? But I am sleeping with my sword, so don't get any ideas" said Annabeth and dusted a bed. Percy laughed nervously. In a matter of minutes, she was on a bed under covers trying to sleep. "We could have been friends, you know?" said Percy. "Maybe, but you chose Clarisse to go with you to find Zeus' master lighting. You know how much I wanted to go on a quest since I was 7" said Annabeth. "Well, you chose Luke before Camp" said Percy. "I know. Some still blame for the deaths…" said Annabeth and felt like crying. "Why did you go with us to Rome and Athens?" said Percy. "Chiron asked me to and I think I needed to redeem myself after Luke" said Annabeth. "I got you, sleep tight, Chase" said Percy. "You too, Jackson" said Annabeth. During the night, Percy woke her up once. Annabeth woke up Percy twice. On the third time, he felt off the bed waking up Annabeth and made her laugh so hard that she couldn't sleep anymore. At dawn, Annabeth got out of bed and stared at Percy who was sleeping with a scowl on his face. She wondered what he was dreaming about and thought about waking him up but he didn't have a nightmare. She walked to her cabin and got ready for the day. For other two nights, Annabeth slept in Percy's cabin after her siblings kicked her out politely and impolitely of the cabin. They talked a little bit between nightmares trying to figure out why their nightmares were so alike. Christmas was getting near, and Annabeth and Percy didn't get their memories together back. Chiron prohibited the campers to make any attempt to help them. According to