A/N: Hello! Welcome to Nox Aeterna. I'm not planning on having Author's Notes at the beginning of every chapter, as I feel it breaks up the flow of the story a bit, so I figured I'd do one here at the beginning. For those of you who've read LaF, thanks for coming back! I want to warn you that this story will be fairly different - less fluff, more plot-driven storyline - but hopefully you'll all enjoy it. I've got the story mapped out and the first six or so chapters completed, and let me tell ya, it's a bit of a doozy. Hopefully you'll join me in this journey to complete it. This is written entirely in cannon following The Cursed Child. While there were some parts of the script I may not have been entirely thrilled with, I have to respect JKR's artistic license, and I really wanted to write a story in cannon that remained a Scorose story at its core. THAT BEING SAID, I feel like Jo gave us a lot to play with as far as the three main characters go. This means that, yes, they all have massive character flaws and make mistakes and are not perfect, etc, etc, and so on and so forth. This is the point of my story. These are children of war heroes who are struggling to find their own identities among their parents' legacies. If you're still with me, thank you. I've had a lot of fun writing this story, and I hope you enjoy it. This first chapter is all in Rose's POV, but from here on out, it'll jump a bit between characters. I always love to hear what you think, be it the good, the bad, or the ugly, so please take the time to leave me a comment :) -md xx Rated M for language, violence (upcoming) and mild sexual situations (also upcoming.) Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, or any of the other characters, plots, places, etc. that you may recognise. I am making no money from this, and get paid only in the satisfaction of the occasional nice reader review. Chapter One: Rose Rose Granger-Weasley strode down Diagon Alley as defiantly as she could, given that it wasn't yet gone ten, she was still wearing her dress from the night before, and was blatantly nursing a killer hangover. A young mother gave her a scathingly dirty look before ushering her child past, and Rose rolled her eyes skyward, internally praying that there were no Daily Prophet reporters about. It was one thing to make a public walk of shame, but quite another to have it broadcasted to the entire wizarding world. Including Rose's own busybody family. The sunlight blinded her, and she squinted against its harsh rays as she ducked inside a café just off the high street, her too-tall heels teetering precariously on the cobbled steps. When her eyes adjusted to the light inside the shop, she ordered an extra-large pumpkin juice with a hangover potion, and plopped herself into a seat by the window next to a pretty blonde girl, whose nose wrinkled with distaste when she sat. "You look like shit," Charlotte Kemp said, eyeing her friend. "Cheers" Rose replied scratchily, downing her potion in one go. Immediately her head felt lighter, and she closed her eyes, sinking back against the rather hard-backed chair she sat in. Charlotte shook her head, smiling despite herself, and picked an invisible piece of fuzz off of her pale pink jumper. "Where did you end up going last night?" she asked lightly. "Started off at the Leaky - ended up in Rhys Selwyn's bed," Rose enjoyed a moment of watching her friend squirm. "The usual." Charlotte's mouth drew into a hard line, as if biting back a comment or two. All she said though, was "Rhys Selwyn is a prick." Rose nodded solemnly, fighting a twitch of a smile. "He is." Charlotte rolled her eyes and sighed, but dropped the matter, for which Rose was grateful. Her friend sipped her tea for a moment, while Rose picked at a bit of her nail varnish. She flicked one large bit of black polish on the floor, and Charlotte nervously smoothed her blonde hair, as if the very sight of Rose's unsightly chipped nails offended her. Rose bit her lip, stopping herself from mentioning the entire year of school Charlotte had worn horrible blue sparkly eyeliner. "So, you asked me to come?" Rose prompted, wondering idly why she wasn't back in her own bed at the moment. "Yes," Charlotte's face brightened, and for a moment, she looked again like the innocent, sweet girl that Rose had known through school. There was a gentle tug on her heartstrings as she recalled the feeling of sharing a dormitory with her best friends, carefree and innocent. "Demetrius proposed," said Charlotte excitedly, and the warmth in Rose's chest went out like a snuffed candle. A buzzing began in her ears, and her skimpy dress felt suddenly too tight, constricting. There was a beat before she realised her friend was waiting for her to reply. "That's... that's great news," she said, hoping to Merlin her voice wouldn't crack. "I'm so happy for you, both of you..." Charlotte frowned, a little wrinkle appearing in her brow. "Rosie," she said, clasping her friend's hand, "I'm sorry - I don't mean to overshadow your problems with my happiness-" "Don't be silly," Rose countered quickly, not ready to go down that road again. "This is about you and your big news, don't worry about me." Charlotte had never been good at reading signals. "Yes, but it's only been six months since Toby," she said, in a voice she clearly believed was soothing, but had Rose gritting her teeth. "Bugger Toby." "We can," Charlotte said, waving a hand airily, "at least agree on that ." "I am really happy for you, Char," Rose said, genuinely as she could muster. Her chest still felt tight, but the smile on her friend's face at least partially thawed a chunk of her frozen heart. "You'll be my maid of honour, won't you?" Charlotte asked earnestly, and Rose gave a nervous laugh. "Red hair clashes with nearly every dress robe colour..." she began to protest. "I really want you to," Charlotte insisted. "I've already asked Marjorie and Em to be bridesmaids as well, now I just need you to say yes." There was nothing else she could do. "Yes, of course," Rose said. She swallowed down the pumpkin juice that threatened to resurface and forced herself to smile for the sake of her oldest friend. "Great," said Charlotte, sitting up straighter and grabbing a hold of Rose's hand, squeezing it excitedly. Rose forced a smile back, feeling like the worst friend in the world. "You look like shit," Rose heard for the second time that day. Rose dropped her bag on the floor, not bothering to turn around to greet the intruder in her home. Her father would chastise her for being so cavalier, but this was a voice she'd known all her life. Besides, the wards around her flat would surely stop any unwanted intruders. "Fuck off out of my flat, you git." She told Albus, stopping by the hallway mirror to assess just how bad she actually did look. Rose grimaced. He wasn't wrong. She unceremoniously dropped her bag below the mirror and kicked off her heels, wiggling her toes as she relished the feeling of freedom before she turned to her cousin. Albus, for his part, gave a deep chuckle, using the tip of his wand to light the fag that dangled from his lips as he flipped through Rose's copy of the Prophet, looking for all the world at home at her kitchen table. "What are you doing here, anyway?" Rose asked, stealing the cigarette from his lips and giving it a long, deep drag, her eyes closing in bliss. "Fancied a change of scene," he said, not meeting her eyes. Rose frowned, a wrinkle marring her freckled forehead, and pursed her lips at her cousin. Albus sighed deeply, rolling his green eyes dramatically. "All right," he shot a pained look at Rose. "Helena is at my flat." "Helena...?" "You know, Ravenclaw House? She was the year below us? Big..." he made a rude gesture in front of his chest, and Rose gave a short bark of laughter. "Yes, I remember." she said quickly, trying to remember when Albus had grown out of his incredibly awkward phase and turned into such a lothario. "Yeah, well" Al blew a strand of his too-long hair out of his eyes. "She's a bit clingy." Rose smirked and sat opposite her cousin. He had stopped pretending to read the newspaper, his arms folded across his narrow chest as he appraised her across the table in Rose's cramped kitchen. Albus had always been thin, wiry like his father, but he'd grown into his looks somewhat as he'd aged into his twenties. Still, she'd always see him as the peaky little git she'd grown up with. They weren't close. They weren't even friends, most of the time. But Rose knew that nobody got her, really knew her the way he did. "So what, you're just going to hide out here until she goes?" she asked, pinching Albus on his arm so that he yelped and hit her in retaliation. Rose waved her wand lazily in his direction, and he blocked her hex wordlessly. "I figure she'll get bored soon and leave. Either that, or Scorp'll take pity on her and tell her I'm through with her." Rose quirked one eyebrow at him. "You always let your boyfriend handle your morning afters?" "Har har," Al smirked at her in that way that reminded Rose that he'd been a Slytherin. "I'll have you know, I'm very straight." "Gross." "Anyway, hark who's talking," he said, waggling his eyebrows as he sat back in his chair and took in her dishevelled appearance. "You look as though you've only just come in from an - ah, interesting night out." Rose swatted his arm a little too hard to be playful. "What I do, and who I do it with is none of your concern," she said coolly. Al looked as if he were going to say something, and then bit his tongue. His smirk turned into a small frown, and he sighed deeply before opening his mouth. Rose tensed, feeling the conversation turn to a place she'd rather it not. She was spared any awkward heart-to-heart, however, by a sudden gust of flames from her kitchen fireplace. The disheveled blond head of Scorpius Malfoy poked out of the fire. "Hi, is Al here?" He asked, a little breathlessly. Rose jabbed a thumb over her shoulder and Scorpius' neck twisted around in the flames, so that Albus came into his direct line of vision. Albus dropped the paper on Rose's lap as he came round the table to kneel before the fireplace. "Helena gone then?" Scorpius blew an agitated gust of breath out of his nostrils and glared at Albus through the flames. "I wish you wouldn't leave me to dispose of your sexual conquests," he huffed, rolling his eyes. "Right mate, sorry, that's the last time, I promise." Scorpius looked as if he were fighting to stay mad, but gave up and cracked a smile. "Coast is clear. Can you pick up some milk before you get home?" Rose muttered something about "Al" and "housewife" under her breath just so Albus could hear, and he shot her a quick glare. "Be right here, mate," he said, thwacking Rose over the head as he left to get to the apparition point. There was a moment before Rose realized that she was left alone in her kitchen with Scorpius' head still in her fire. "All right, Rosie?" He said, smirking at her. "Bugger off, Malfoy," she said, standing up to leave the room. "I'm not in the