Entry for the May to December Contest. Author: TwiFic Lovah Title: Counting Down The Hours Summary: How far would you go to take back control of your life? For Isabella Swan, that answer came in the form of a website she never thought she'd visit. And in a man whose beauty and passion she never saw coming. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. COUNTING DOWN THE HOURS The dinner table was filled with delicious homemade food, yet Isabella pushed hers around her plate with her fork, the diamond on her left hand somehow feeling heavier than it did even yesterday. "Isabella, darling, why are you not eating?" her fiancé, Riley, asked as he placed his hand on her leg. It was ironic that the only person to ask was the reason for her not eating. "I'm not hungry." Her voice was soft, defeat clear to anyone who would really listen to her. Nobody did. "Riley," Isabella's mother interjected, "she's just keeping her weight down for the wedding. Do you really want her gaining weight? God, she would look like a marshmallow with that dress of hers." "I love Isabella, Renee. She could look like three marshmallows melted together, and I would still be the world's luckiest man." To Riley, those words were truthful. He loved Isabella, but his version of love was far from what Isabella needed or wanted. Riley loved who Isabella had been trained to be. A trophy wife. Nothing but a piece of arm candy—someone to make sure her future husband looked good to the world. Isabella hated the idea of marriage. She couldn't fathom why a woman would be willing to legally bind herself to someone just to be controlled by them. By example of her mother and father and all their friends, a wife was simply to look beautiful, stay quiet, and be constantly at her husband's side, unless, of course, he was off fucking some twenty-year-old that his wife pretended to not know about. Setting her fork down, Isabella stood up. "I'm not feeling well. I'm going to bed." She bent down to kiss Riley before turning to kiss her father on the cheek. Walking to her mother, she kissed her cheek as well. "Is everything okay?" Riley was now standing next to Isabella, worry in his eyes. "Yes. Honestly, a little headache is all." She smiled, kissing him once more. "Okay, darling. I'll talk to you in the morning." Lying in bed, Isabella couldn't sleep. Her mind was running a million thoughts a minute. She hated everything about marriage, including the 'big day'. Not that it would be her 'big day'. Her mother had been planning it for months, though Riley had only officially proposed last week. It wasn't that she didn't like Riley. She thought he was nice enough. In the time that they'd been together, he had always treated her right. She just didn't love him. She never got butterflies in her stomach when she saw him. Her heart didn't speed up when he kissed her. There was no electricity when they touched, and she didn't count down the hours until she could see him whenever they were apart. She never would. This was what marriage was—two people who fit together socially. It was all about who you knew, and her mother would never let her forget that. Unable to sleep, Isabella turned her TV on, and a catchy tune caught her attention. Watching it, she realized it was an advertisement for a cheating website—a place where people go in search of someone with whom to cheat on their significant others. Isabella was disgusted at how this behavior was being openly promoted. But then, the more Isabella thought about it, the more appealing it sounded. She had never had any sort of control over her life. Her mother had made sure to rule every part of it, including choosing the person she would marry. With six weeks until the wedding, Isabella could finally control one thing—whom she would give her virginity to. While Isabella got her laptop and started searching, Edward was sitting at home with his brother Emmett. Edward's wife was out. Again. Kate was barely home these days, and when she was, things weren't the same as they used to be. They barely talked, and their sex life had deteriorated greatly. They had sex once a week, if that, and it felt more like a routine than fueled by want or lust. He knew the reason. He had been seeing less of his wife since Sam started working with her. He realized it, and he knew others had too. "Edward. C'mere," Emmett called as he sat at the computer. He sat back, allowing Edward to see what he was looking at. Edward looked at the screen. A cheating website? Was he serious? The thought of being with anyone else was completely foreign to him. Edward had been with Kate since high school; she was all he had ever known. She was there through college, when money was tight while he was a resident at the hospital, when he finally became a doctor, and everything in between. How could he? "Before you say anything, listen to me. She's out there, Edward, sleeping with another man, while you're at home waiting yet again. Why should you? It's not right. If she won't satisfy you, somebody should. This site is all about sex. No commitment; no strings. You go, blow your load, and come home." Emmett hated to see his brother stuck in such a shitty excuse for a marriage and wanted to do something about it. Emmett's words hit Edward hard. Hearing someone actually say it out loud made him realize how little he respected his marriage. Why should he be at home waiting? Fuck her. The look on Edward's face told Emmett he was in, and he couldn't help but grin. "Good, because I made you an account while you were in the shower. I sent flowers to a few people; one has already replied. Her name is ahhh … SeattleBella." "Shit, Emmett. What if I'd said no?" Emmett waved Edward off as if it wasn't an option. "Let's see what SeattleBella said." SeattleBella: Hi, SeattlesLonliestDoctor. How are you? "Really, Emmett? SeattlesLonliestDoctor?" "What? I couldn't think of anything else." "Showing your intelligence once again." Edward sat at the computer and started to type. SeattlesLonliestDoctor: Hi, I'm good. You? SeattleBella: Yeah, good. Sorry, I'm not sure how this works. I've never done it before. SeattlesLonliestDoctor: Neither have I. My brother actually made this account for me. Maybe we should start with what brought us here. SeattleBella: Oh, what a sweet brother you have. Lol. Ok, I'll start. I'm getting married in six weeks and wanted one last fling. That simple. "Shit, she's not even married yet and looking elsewhere. I'll bet she's a great fuck." Emmett laughed. "Have some class, Emmett." "Come on, bro. If you're gonna fuck another chick, you want it to be worth it." "How you got Rosalie to marry you is beyond me." SeattlesLonliestDoctor: My wife is having an affair, so I figured why not? If she's getting some, I should too. Probably an immature way to think of it, but I don't care anymore. Sitting on her bed, Isabella tried to find the right words with which to reply. It must have been horrible knowing your partner was with someone else. SeattleBella: I'm sorry to hear that, but I can't say I'm surprised. Marriage is great in theory, but in reality, no one wants to fuck the same person for the rest of their lives. They want new, undiscovered land they can explore. They want the forbidden, simply because of what it is. The forbidden is hot and so fucking sexy. While Isabella sat in shock at the words she just wrote, Edward and Emmett read those words. "Fuck yeah. This chick sounds fucking awesome." "Emmett, go home to your wife. I have it from here." "I'm sure you do, bro." Emmett laughed as he headed for the door. "I want to hear everything tomorrow." Edward ignored his brother as he left, concentrating on his computer screen. SeattlesLonliestDoctor: I'd never thought of it that way. I thought marriage was about two people who loved each other unconditionally. And only each other. SeattleBella: I think it only happens that way in the movies. You think my groom-to-be will love only me for the next 50+ years? Doubtful. In a few years, maybe less, he'll be tired of my same old pussy and looking for someone new to pound his cock into. Edward was shocked at her words. Had someone really done something so bad to her? And why was she getting married if those were her true thoughts? Though Isabella had never been hurt, because Riley was her first boyfriend, she had seen it her whole life with the adults around her. SeattlesLonliestDoctor: Why are you getting married if you feel that way? SeattleBella: It's time. You can only be with someone for so long before making the next step, and leaving is not an option. SeattlesLonliestDoctor: Do you have kids together? Is that why you can't leave? SeattleBella: Oh god, no. I would never bring a child into this life, even though it will break my parents' hearts. Or maybe I kind of want to break their hearts. Who knows? Either way, no kids for me. That was how Isabella truly felt. She hated her life, spent a lot of her early teen years resenting her parents and her brother, Jasper. He got to marry who he wanted because he was male. Stupid males. He chose a real keeper in Alice, though. From the moment he introduced them, Isabella and Alice clicked. She wasn't after his money; she had her own. Yet she was down to earth and so loyal. Isabella was dragged out of her thoughts by the ping of her computer. SeattlesLonliestDoctor: So, how old are you? I'm 38. And should we send pics? Edward felt dirty just sending that message, but surely this was how it was done. This wasn't a blind date. It was a fuck. No one wanted to expect Jennifer Lawrence and get big foot. SeattleBella: I don't really feel comfortable doing that … sorry. SeattlesLonliestDoctor: Well that doesn't fill me with confidence. I want to know what I'm getting into, literally. Isabella played with her hair as she thought over his words. It was fair of him to ask that, but she could never put pictures of herself, in this manner, on the net. Tapping at her laptop, Isabella replied. SeattleBella: I understand what you're saying. I do, but I can't do that. I'm not huge, if that's what you're wondering. I'm not stunning, but I've seen uglier. Look, this is a fuck. You can sit at home waiting for your wife to finish blowing her guy on the side, or you can come fuck a willing 21-year-old. It's that simple. Edward contemplated her words. It really was that simple. Not only was she willing, but her age was a turn-on. He hadn't been with a twenty-one-year-old since he was … well, twenty-one. SeattlesLonliestDoctor: You're right. If you really want to do this, call or text me. Isabella stared at the screen. It was all fantasy at first, but now she had his actual number. Now it was a reality. How did it go from checking out the site to this so fast? Could she really do this? As Edward waited for her reply, the sound of the front door made him roll his eyes. No doubt Kate would shower and go straight to bed. He quickly sent a message saying, 'wife's home. Talk later', and turned his computer off. "Hey, babe," Kate shouted as she made her way to their bathroom. "Sorry, work is killing me lately. I need a shower." Standing, Edward ran his hand through his