Legolas's age was never brought up in conversation during their time traveling, and neither was his birthday. Being honest there was no reason to talk about birthdays in the fellowships time of traveling to get the ring destroyed, as being honest every member of the fellowships mind was far more occupied with the thoughts about protecting Frodo and the ring and for Sam who was more concerned about Frodo and life at the Shire if they managed to return in one piece. Besides Frodo hadn't spoken about birthdays because he had somewhat lost some fondness for them especially after Bilbo's one hundred and eleventh birthday party, as that had set them on this quest, and it had just seemed rather cruel to bring up Bilbo's party for Frodo or just the matters of birthdays after what had happened that had lead the hobbits onto an adventure that they had never thought that they would ever have to participate in. Once the ring had been destroyed and the quest that the fellowship had been on had once ended, those matters of celebrating life had started to get mentioned again. The fellowship had broken up due to the fact that they had no reason to be in a group together and the ties of friendship that they once had had somewhat loosened over the time after the ring had been destroyed. However despite the fellowship going into separate ways, they would return to be together for at least a few times every now and then, just to celebrate the lives of the friends that were made during years of adventuring. Pippin and Merry had quietly celebrated their birthdays in The Green Dragon, and the night had ended up with two hobbits dancing on top of the table and singing loudly, while Sam had spent the evening talking happily about his garden to a giggling Rosie Cotton as she fiddled with the ribbons in her hair. Frodo had spent some time at The Green Dragon but he had ended up going home after a few drinks as his book was needing some attention on it as he had left it neglected on his table for a few days. Despite the fact that he was a king and most definitely had far more important matters to attend to, Aragorn had made his way to The Green Dragon and had sat in the corner, shaking his head in amusement at the antics of his former traveling companions while he smoked his pipe, laughing loudly when Gimli had engaged the elf into another drinking contest, and had been defeated by the elf once more and Legolas only walked out of The Green Dragon that evening with a slight tingling in his fingers while Gimli had been carried out as he had been shouting about hairy dwarven women. Soon enough the days melted into months and the anniversaries of the members of the fellowships birthdays had passed in a mixture of rather loud or quiet affairs. Gimli son of Glorin's birthday was a massive feast that lasted three days with so many barrels of drink that it made the hobbits think of the story of Bilbo and the dwarves hiding in the barrels and managing to escape from the Elvenking with them. But when Sam had told Legolas that story, Legolas spent some time protesting about his father's involvement in the act and this had led to an argument with the dwarf about the story about the barrels that led to an argument that was soon resolved by a drinking contest that Gimli had won-mostly because Legolas had decided to show some compassion for the dwarf and claimed that he 'felt a tingling in his fingers,' after only having three drinks. When it came to the celebration of Samwise's birthday, the fellowship had spent the day in the Shire lying around on the grassy hills in the heat of the sun as they watched Sam potter around in his garden for the day. And once the day had finished and Sam had decided that the garden that he was working on was close enough to being perfect-the only thing that was preventing it from being so, was the lack of a permanent display of Gandalf's fireworks that would blast out fireworks every hour on the dot like a large clock-however this idea was soon neglected due to Legolas's concern about the trees and the wildlife in the area and how the trees would surely dislike being close to fireworks-there was a large birthday party for Sam that was led by the other hobbits, this party that Sam had wouldn't compare to Bilbo's birthday parties due to the fact that there was a lack of Bilbo in them and Bilbo's parties had been the talk of the Shire and when there was word of a birthday party going to happen-there would be hobbits at Bilbo's large green door waiting for a personal invitation to his birthday party or they would be anxiously waiting at their letter boxes for their invitation. Despite the fact that the party wasn't to the standard that Bilbo had left for parties, Sam still seemed to be having a good time and even Frodo seemed to be smiling more than he had been in a long time. And his smile only seemed to grow even wider when Sam had gone up to Rosie Cotton and had asked her for a dance and that had led to Sam's face turning bright red when Rosie had place a kiss on his cheek and Merry, Pippin and Frodo had cheered loudly for him. During the party Legolas stood at the side lines with Aragorn who was more occupied in his pipe and the piece of parchment in front of him than with celebrating the party, but he would occasionally look up from the parchment to let out a chuckle at the hobbits-especially Merry and Pippin who seemed to be causing mischief once again as they tried to get into Sam's cake for a slice before the candles had even been light. Legolas watched the hobbits from a distance, occasionally allowing him to smile when he saw the enjoyment on his former traveling companion's faces as the music played loudly and they danced around with the other hobbits-Gimli was also dancing with the hobbits and he was teaching them the Dwarvish folk dancing that would be performed on the mountains during celebrations. The questions of why there was a necessity to celebrate the life of a friend once a year puzzled Legolas, as he thought that it would be more worthwhile to celebrate life every day and not just restrict it to one. Also the concept of celebrating one's birth seemed to confuse Legolas as he couldn't understand why the birth of someone would be important, but in Elvish tradition at least-it was the celebration of the coming of age for an elf that was celebrated and this would mark the beginning of archery lessons for an elf when they got their first bow and quiver. The only other time that elves would typically celebrate life in a large celebrations like a hobbit birthday, was the death of an elf and songs of mourning and candles being lit would last for at least three days, Legolas was always rather thankful that the three days of morning only happened on rare occasions. Of course Legolas was more in favour in seeing his friends but the concept of them only celebrating their life once a year didn't seem worthy enough for them. Legolas was so thankful for his friends and he thought the world of them but one day to celebrate their life didn't seen enough-they should of have a celebration of their life every day. "You seem to look confused my friend." Aragorn said as he looked up from his parchment and he puffed a breath of smoke from his pipe in Legolas's direction. "It is a happy occasion but you look as if someone has taken your last arrow." Before Legolas could reply to his companion, the dwarf had come back from the dancing and he was looking rather out of breath and his face had turned the colour of his long beard. Without saying anything, Aragon had passed him a full mug of ale –that was soon chugged down in one large gulp by the dwarf. "What is wrong with you Pointy Ear, are you worried that a Dwarf is going to beat you in the drinking game that I plan to have?" Legolas chose to ignore the dwarves question as he had already known already that he was going to beat him in a drinking contest –as having to endure the loud parties that the elves had and that included being forced to drink the strongest wine that Aragorn had claimed to be stronger that what men make-Legolas had been somewhat immune to the ale that was used for the drinking games that Legolas had reluctantly took place and he only participated in just for the sake of his friendship with Gimli. Instead of that Legolas asked. "Do you ever wonder what the purpose of these parties are?" "Why are you asking about parties, you should be celebrating!" Gimli responded. "Elves do not celebrate life what men and hobbit do." Aragorn had replied. "There is no one big celebration once a year, they do it every day." "So you have a birthday drinking contests every day?" Gimli grumbled as he placed down another mug on to the table with the foam from his drinking remaining on his upper lip. "No wonder I have been losing to an elf! You have been practising to beat me for about every day of your long life!" "It is not like that my friend." Legolas said with his voice slightly louder than he had preferred, just so he could get heard over the dwarf who was furiously ranting on about drinking competitions. "Elves don't see the point in celebrating one day of being alive, we do it everyday-as life is that precious to us." "So no everyday drinking games then?" Gimli lamely asked. "No everyday drinking games." Legolas confirmed with a nod of his head, with his long hair falling down past his shoulders in a long blonde curtain. "I was just wondering what the purpose for a birthday was." "A birthday is to let you know that you are loved by your friends." Sam said as he came into the corner where the members of the fellowship were and he was followed by Frodo, Merry and Pippin-the last two members had their mouths filled with birthday cake and Pippin was carrying two extra slices of cake in his hand. "Everyone needs to have a day to know that they are loved." "You are only saying that because you got a kiss from Rosie Cotton." Frodo said with a smile on his face. "How long did it take to get you to get one of those?" Sam had refused to answer and his lips had been sealed shut even tighter when Merry and Pippin began to make stupid noises and they had began saying Rosie's name in various silly voices just to get a blush out of Sam and it had worked. Legolas had let out a chuckle at Sam's expense-admittedly he had felt rather cruel doing so but he was rather sure that his laughter was more of one of happiness of seeing his friends rather than malice. "Birthdays are to celebrate that one hasn't died in battle." Gimli had said in a proud voice. "I have managed to make it to past one hundred and forty years and counting and I have not been taken down on the battlefield." "Longshanks over here." Sam said pointing in Aragorn's direction. "Is in his eighties and yet he is still fighting strong. I know all of the ages of our friends and yet we don't know your age Legolas." Legolas thought