Because Family is Family "Now, Cela, mummy has to go away for a few months." Eve Spencer crouched in front of her four-year-old daughter, their matching eyes locked. The young girl had always adored the fact their eyes matched. Eve's hands were on her daughter's shoulders and she didn't want to let go. She never wanted to let go. She never wanted to leave her daughter again. She wanted to whisk the beautiful girl away to the life they were meant to have together. The life they would have had if fate had been any kinder. But she couldn't. She'd never be able to. Tears brimmed in Leah's eyes. The girl had never cried often, even as a young baby. Eve could count the times she'd seen it happen on one hand. "When will you be back?" "I don't know, Cela." Eve moved to cup the girl's cheek, one of her daughter's own hands coming up to rest on top of it. It had always worried Eve how cold her daughter's hands were. "I'll be back as soon as possible, I promise." "Okay," Leah said, nodding. "I'll wait." "I know you will, Cela. I know you will." Eve kissed her daughter's head for the last time. "I have a present for you." She undid the golden locket she'd always worn, another thing her daughter had always loved to play with. "This is yours now." Leah's eyes widened as she took it. Eve could tell the girl wanted to give it back, not liking the way she looked without it, but Eve closed the girl's hands over it. "I've got to leave now, Cela." Eve could feel the girl's father watching them. It was that man's fault that Eve had to leave her daughter, that she was being forced away now. He'd refused to give her a reason for it, just told her to say her goodbyes and leave as quickly as she could. She had the sense that she'd never be allowed back. He was the one with the final decisions in Leah's life, after all. The one the Ministry would grant custody if they presented the case, the one Dumbledore had made her ask to see her daughter at all. Eve hugged her daughter as tightly as she could, trying to make the moment last forever, before she stood and left, wrapping her coat tightly around herself against the cold winter air. She could have cast a spell to warm herself, but Eve couldn't remember the last time she'd used magic. It just wasn't worth it anymore. It hadn't been worth it in years. =CVS= As his family name requested, Donald Sigmund Flint flocked to power. Potestatem persistit. Power persists. It was said that when a Flint joined your side, you were destined to win. That a Flint could detect power in the air. But the Dark Lord had lost with Flints on his side. Donald's own parents had been among his ranks, as had his aunt. And perhaps the Dark Lord had won, in a way, even if he was gone. He'd torn the Wizarding world apart, made Slytherins the enemies of it all. Donald Flint knew that being a Slytherin did not mean you were evil. He knew the power of wearing green and silver. He was proud of being a snake, despite the looks it got him in the Ministry. When someone knocked on his door close to Christmas, Donald did not sense power in the air. Instead, he found his cousin, Evelyn Blythe Spencer. Eve, bearing the blonde hair of the Flint family but not the temperament or name. Eve, who'd been a Hufflepuff in Hogwarts because she was too loyal instead of ambitious. Eve, who'd joined the Death Eaters and earned herself a position among those whispered about. She was a witch who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin. It didn't matter that, technically, the Ministry had cleared her of all charges. She'd been connected once and that was enough. Enough to have Donald nearly slam the door on her face and never look back. "I have a daughter!" The words reached him just before the door closed fully. Donald did not reopen it, but he did not continue to close it. Slytherins cared about family, after all. Flints cared about family. He cared about first cousins once removed. "She's four, and she's beautiful, and her father has kept her from me." Eve pushed the door open more. "Please, Donald. I need your help." "Who is her father?" Eve looked as though she didn't want to say it. "Tell me, Eve." "Severus Snape." Another Death Eater, but that man had been cleared by Albus Dumbledore himself. That man bore the scars but had gotten out of it cleaner than Eve. "What do you expect me to do about it?" "Get her back." Eve grabbed his robes, a Slytherin green. "Please, Donald. She can't stay with him." Eve looked so much like a madwoman that Donald almost wondered if she'd made her daughter up completely. "What's her name?" That seemed to make Eve more hopeful. "Celaeno Victoria." Donald knew that Celaeno was his great grandmother – Celaeno Flint nee Greengrass - and Victoria was Eve's mother - Victoria Spencer nee Flint. A girl named in the manner befitting pure-bloods. He stepped back, but it wasn't to close the door. It was to let Eve inside. =CVS= It was only after careful consultation with Donald's younger sister, Raine, that he finally agreed to help his cousin. That he finally agreed to face down Dumbledore and the Ministry to get Leah out of her father's house. The Ministry, really, hadn't known what to do with Leah. It wasn't normal that they stepped into the affairs of parents and a child, but Donald and Raine Flint – she was a Rivers, technically, but Raine would always be a Flint – had walked into the Minister's office and demanded that Leah be taken from her father's home. But Donald had handed Millicent Bagnold the paperwork that meant Eve had appointed Donald as Leah's guardian. Then, the Ministry was forced to make a decision. If it were simply between the parents, it would have been easy. After all, Leah's father had Albus Dumbledore's protection and her mother had no one. Her father was the best of two bad options and the Ministry would have moved on. Shoved it to the back of their minds and continued on their merry way healing after You-Know-Who's rise. But Donald didn't let that happen. Because after all, weren't no Death Eaters better than a reformed one? Wasn't a respected Ministry employee better than a young new professor? Wasn't a Flint better than some no-name? Albus Dumbledore hadn't been happy with it. He went to speak with Donald and Raine to attempt and convince them that Eve was dangerous, that Leah's father's home was really, honestly, the best place for her. But they heard none of it. For not only were they Flints and Slytherins, but Raine had a son Leah's age and she'd be damned if she let the girl be anywhere but what was the absolute safest for her. And there was no way that Dumbledore could argue that the home of Donald Flint, well-respected member of the Wizarding world and promising lawyer, wasn't the best place. The Ministry agreed. And so Donald did everything but adopt the girl. He'd been nearing on that too, but Dumbledore visited again and told Donald what he already knew; he had no hope of winning adoption, no matter how much of a Death Eater Leah's parents were. That there was a solution that would satisfy all parties involved. All parties, that is, except Eve. Donald gained parental responsibilities. Her father retained visiting rights. And her mother? Her mother wasn't allowed anywhere near her. The Ministry was fine with that. And so Donald went to Severus Snape's home, handed him the paperwork, and went to collect Leah. The girl was in her room when Donald found her, looking terrified. He was shocked at how little she looked like her mother. She had her father's hooked nose, dark hair, and rounded shoulders. But when she looked up at him, motionless, he saw that she had Eve's eyes. They weren't particularly Flint, but Donald honestly would have been surprised to find any of that in her. Perhaps it would come as she grew. He crouched down to be at her height and remembered Raine's son, a boy of the same age. How eager the boy already looked, how quick to smile. And how little of that there was in Leah. "Hello, Leah." He spoke as he had years before when facing little first years as a Slytherin Prefect. He'd always wondered why he'd been chosen for the task, as compassion was never something he'd been particularly skilled at expressing. "My name is Donald. I'm a cousin of your mother. And I'm going to take care of you now." "Can I see mummy?" He forced his expression into a smile. "I'm sorry, Leah, but not yet." After all, the Ministry may have taken away her father's custody, but that didn't mean they'd reinstated her mother's. "Would you like to take my hand?" Leah looked down at it and Donald wondered how much compassion she'd been shown as a child from anyone but her mother. "Where are we going?" "I'm going to take you to my house. Is there anything you want to take with you?" She shook her head, not even needing to look around the room to check. "Alright then." She took his hand, finally. Her hand felt cold. "Let's go." =CVS= The early morning house was quiet around the now eleven-year-old Leah. She knew Donald was in his office finishing up his reports, but she didn't really mind the silence regardless. She was used to the house being silent; Donald always preferred silence. Leah had never been naturally quiet – a trait Donald couldn't say if she'd inherited from her mother or not, but one she liked to think she had – but after seven years she'd taught herself how to pretend. One thing she knew she'd inherited from Donald – and wondered if it was from her father too – was working best in the early morning. It did help that she tended to get woken then by nightmares since Donald had taught her to make the best of a bad situation and use the time to get things done. If she still wanted, he would comfort her, tell her that nightmares weren't real unless you let them be, but he'd also shown her that focusing on work could be better for you. That distracting yourself could scare the nightmares away. That was why she'd woken up that morning. A nightmare that, by now, she didn't remember. There was something green, but that was all that remained now. The knock at the door announced the arrival of the house-elf Donald's parents had made him acquire upon taking in Leah. Vorky was always a welcome addition to Leah's room in these early mornings, particularly because he tended to carry lemon sweets with him. "Hello, mistress," Vorky said, smiling at her. "Your letter has arrived." Immediately, Leah leapt off her bed, where she'd been sitting reading, to take the letter from Vorky. She'd known exactly when it would come. She'd made a calendar to mark the days until it would. She'd dreaded that it wouldn't. But it had. She'd always known it would. She was a witch. She had magic. She would go to Hogwarts. "Thank you, Vorky." "You're welcome, mistress. Breakfast will be prepared shortly." With another smile, Vorky left her room, leaving the door slightly ajar. Vorky tended to do that, to the annoyance of Donald. It was one of the few times that Leah had seen Donald get angry and that was mainly just because he kept getting lost in his own house. After all, Flint