Author's Note: Hello again! I happen to be in the middle of a tremendous case of writer's block where my story "Meeting the March Warden" is concerned. I profusely apologize to all my readers for my lack of updates. I've written this short story in hopes that it may freshen my mind besides giving me a chance to play with a character I've been developing for quite some time. This fic will not be long, with only a second chapter added to it. I greatly appreciate any feedback and constructive criticism! A special thanks to my wonderful beta Dragonfly32 who has been so patient throughout my writer's block. I hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own Tolkien's work. Lady Amanthoniel and her companions alone are mine. The Tale of the Bard Part One Fire and Music Legends are a queer thing. The mythical, the folklore, whispered around a hushed hearth that glows with the final dying embers is a tradition that spans the length of races. Like an ever flowing river, that passes through kin and kind that weaves itself into the very ageless fabric of time. A strong thread, graced by the wizened hands of generations that touch upon the tapestry of tale, of fantastic lore that poisons the idle ear is not just attributed to the race of men. Even the mighty elves, the firstborn, the beloved of Iluvatar hold court in the deep hours of the night, when the world is but ash and shadow as the veil of stars flicker above. It is then, in their soft spoken tongues, those bardic stories, the hallowed songs of minstrels reign as normalcy takes leave and fancy takes flight. But what is becoming of legend? How are those enigmatic tales begun? There are those that earn such a lofty status through gallant deeds and heroic claims. Of feats that shake the Earth that cull the very raging waters of the oceans that bring mountains trembling to the dust, staining the pure soil. And then there are those, those peculiar creatures that rarely chance upon the land. Their worth is not proven nor is their might. But in their odd and sometimes frightening glory they are simply born into myth. It was a quiet breezy night on the borders of Lorien, as it oft was in the summer months. When the well sculpted branches of the mellyrn shook, their leaves rang like silver bells pressed by a gale wind. The remnants of a late afternoon storm had of late passed by, baptizing the sky a dark blue, as the first stars began to twinkle amongst such celestial beauty. The moon was a curvy crescent, like an ivory tusk thrust into a silken curtain as hazy ships of remaining clouds bobbed slowly across the heavens. The air was perfumed with the sweet incense of wild flowers that floated like thick gray smoke through the woodland. The most seasoned guard was hard put to stay fast to his duties. Many had become bewitched by the soothing air and the daydreams that plagued their most fertile minds. The Summer Solstice festival was a mere week away, a happy occasion for the residents of the Golden Wood, especially the young guards who thought of spending their time in the company of a much admired elleth. The March Warden alone was attentive at his post, his mighty shoulders succumbing to the weight of a sigh as he gazed out at his soldiers. Many dangled their legs off the edges of their flets. Others leaned against the trunks of the mellyrn, fair faces creased with wistful thoughts. It was quite a shrill annoyance to him, the lack of care they had for their duties irked every nerve in his being. He well understood however, their careless attitude but of course did not approve. Haldir had long enjoyed the celebrations of the Summer Festival but he did not in anyway lax his mind whilst on the borders. If he had, he may not be where he was today, Captain of the guard. Haldir forced himself to remain calm, even though he felt the terrible wrath of his fury grate upon his mind. The borders were quiet and if ever a disaster should occur, he knew he could count on his soldiers. They were the best, after all, those who had studied under the great masters like himself. Just as he didn't doubt his abilities neither did he question theirs. The evening air brushed gently against his warm cheeks, carrying that sweet incense that flowed so swiftly in the veins of the guards. Shifting the hilt of his sword uncomfortably he leaned on the railing of his flet. The forest floor below was silent, shafts of silver moonlight breaking through those runaway clouds and painting the earth. A feeling of peace had settled itself quietly over Lorien. The threat of an orc attack seemed like an outlandish menace, even to the ever prepared Warden. But still his heart leapt and his breathing quickened as he heard the soft sounds of footsteps landing upon the wooden platform. Wheeling around he caught sight of Orophin, his younger brother, making his way towards him with a serene smile. "Mae govannen, brother," he said, his brow clear and pale in the dim light. "A singularly beautiful eve is it not?" "Aye, a truer word has never past your lips," Haldir nodded his golden head, greeting him in return. "Elbereth blesses us bountifully indeed, think you not?" "Indeed," the March Warden let his eyes travel briefly up to the skies, dazzled by the simple brilliance of the stars. "Tell me brother, I heard great peals of laughter ring from your flet not an hour ago. What causes such mirth?" "Many things," and he laughed now, coming to stand beside his older sibling. "Rumil once more indulges his comical instincts. We set about to telling tales, rather far-fetched I think though." "So it seems," a more forceful breeze rushed through the forest, the air suddenly becoming thinner. "And what was the sport in such stories? I would think you would hasten to share it with me." "If your manner was but lighter," Orophin jested quietly and Haldir let a small smile form on his face. "I doubt you would find much humor in them." "When was the last time you tested my wit?" the March Warden turned his eyes towards the elf, their sapphire depths glittering with jollity. "Very well, very well brother, I shall elaborate if you wish," Orophin's face grew thoughtful for a time and then at length he began. "We spoke on numerous things, most were tales we heard passed along by men traders that move by the borders from time to time. Some were of specter maidens that charm young unsuspecting lovers and then lead them to their doom. Others were of strange beasts that change shape and can speak the tongues of men, elves and dwarves. I see you are not amused?" "Not presently," Haldir said truthfully as another breeze, a bit more violent than its predecessor tore at his locks. "Shall I continue then?" Orophin arched his delicate brows. "Yes, speak, dear bard," Haldir allowed himself this little joke. It was well known that Rumil was the better storyteller of the three brothers, a trait inherited from his father. "As you command, March Warden," Orophin returned heartily, a well placed grin framing his countenance. But suddenly his face darkened considerably, like a shadow falling across the moon. "What is it?" concern rose swiftly within Haldir. "A strange thing," the elf's voice was soft so that even he had to strain to hear him. "Rumil regaled us with a queer tale, a bit frightful, in truth." "What manner of tale?" Haldir straightened. It was not often that a mere story would trouble his brother, especially one taken for falsehood. "He said it was relayed to him by one of those eccentric tradesmen upon the borders not long past. The old man spoke in all seriousness as did Rumil. It was a curious tale, like I have never heard before. It was of phantom riders, or at least that is how he termed them. They ride from place to place, wanderers they are of a fearsome kind. Their ways are mysterious and it is thought that they be some sort of renegade rangers, though little more is known. Thus they are called phantoms. Few have seen them, but many of heard them." "What mean you?" Haldir was slowly tiring of these riddles, his patience beginning to slip. The legend of the phantom riders was not a new one, a story unfortunately he knew well, though he despised the very knowledge of it. "Well," Orophin's eyes flicked about in a nervous way. "It is said that they bring with them the most wondrous and terrible music that possesses the mind." "Preposterous!" Haldir scoffed, while his insides shuddered dangerously. "Haldir, the tradesman said they were only several leagues from the forest," Orophin was looking at him, eyes earnest with hidden fear. "You believe this folly, Orophin?" the March Warden could not help but be surprised. Orophin, though not as disbelieving as him, still took everything in measure and reason. Though perhaps he sensed the truth of it…the little that there was. "Not readily, but…"he didn't finish for the wind grew stronger and swept angrily through the trees. The blast was quick and sudden, yet most frightening was the sound carried on it. A low grumble, almost like thunder, like the heightened rattling of bones struck itself through the once peaceful air. "Ai, Elbereth!" Orophin invoked the name he had just praised. "Hush!" Haldir muttered tersely. The guards in the nearby flets shifted and stood, their tranquil faces now tense and drawn. The wind had stilled now, as quickly as it had started up, preying on the Golden Wood like a vicious wolf of winter. That thunderous sound began again, this time not aided by any earthly force. It was growing in volume and intensity, slowly but enough to be recognized clearly. It seemed like a low growl almost and then like hoof beats echoing in the stony silence. "Drums," an elf close by mused aloud as others nodded in agreement. Haldir wasted no time and grabbed upon the branches hanging above, hoisting his body up to the higher boughs of the tree. Pushing his head past the leafy canopy he strained both his eyes and ears to the horizon. His heart leapt wildly and dueled with the merciless throbbing that pierced the air like a rogue arrow. The dark horizon was licked by a vast glow, like red tongues lapping up the serene ebony. Fire. Scrambling down the way he came, the March Warden landed with a muted thud next to Orophin once more. "What have you seen?" his brother's voice was raised, pushing against the noise that had grown till it was almost tumultuous in quality. "We must move at once," Haldir reached for his bow and quiver. "There is fire in the west." The guards who were now speaking anxiously amongst themselves seemed drawn into the strange fear that up until now Orophin had only been prone to. The stories had surely spread quickly. "Phantom riders!" Rumil exclaimed from somewhere in darkness. Many of the guards gasped and the muttering grew all the more fierce like the incessant hum of bees amongst a meadow of flowers. "Silence!" Haldir called, though he could barely contend with the music now. Music, he realized with a harsh awareness. Yes, it was music as Orophin had said and fiendish music at that. "There is some manner of wild fire rushing across the west," he kept his tones calm as though they were merely going on a light scouting expedition though in truth he knew not what they would find. "We must move along the borders to investigate. One party will remain here and the other will follow me. Proceed with caution, for the