-1 Author's Note: This one-shot was written for a fic exchange over on LiveJournal and now that it's over, I decided to post it here. Feedback would be wonderful and I appreciate any and all comments. I did not have a beta for this fic, although I did proofread it no less than five times. Still, all mistakes are my fault and I sincerely apologize if any pop up. I hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: I claim no ownership of Tolkien's masterpiece, however, I do own all OCs mentioned herein. The Nag Boromir was walking before him, his steps large, long and Faramir struggled to plant his heels in his brother's footprints. The wet snow gave way to their weight and formed a snaking pattern of oval indentations that dashed to and from the Citadel. And over the city there hung a grey, moody cloud. Boromir paused and threw back the fur-trimmed edges of his handsome cloak. "You lag behind," he chided. "My deepest apologies," Faramir puffed with a forced smile. He was still not healed, the recent arrow-wound in his leg paining him with each jerky step. It was an unlucky chance that had brought him back to Minas Tirith for a time and even though he was still stricken with weakness, the luxuries of the winter city seemed foreign. Large, gaping hearths with dry logs. Hot pastries served on silver trays for breakfast. And spiced wine accompanied by raucous song. The Ranger in him revolted against such idle pastimes, though Boromir, staunch warrior that he was, took advantage of the festivities. Not today though, no his brother was all business, his brow folded, lips tilted downward. They had business on the lower levels this morning, urgent business. Father needed a new horse. Boromir retreated a step, clapping a hearty hand on Faramir's back and making his pale sibling chortle. "Must I carry you?" he asked in a thoroughly serious voice. Faramir's laughter was loud, echoing off the white spires now dulled by the ivory snow. "No, I suffer gladly," he replied stiffly, lifting his leg and grimacing in pretended pain. "This errand is one of haste, leave me behind if you must." Boromir's lively eyes twinkled. "You won't shirk this duty so easily, little brother." Faramir did not reply, but followed his brother along the lane. In truth, he wasn't quite in the mood for horse-hunting today. That was a job best left to Boromir and the stable-master, both being men with keen eyes for good animals. Faramir, on the other hand, was a hopeless judge of horseflesh and he only obliged his brother now to please their father. Old Denethor would not have his youngest son "languishing" about the Citadel, as he put it. Denethor, eternally-obstinate, insisted that he join Boromir. The brisk air would be better for him than the stuffiness of the library, apparently. "How much farther is it?" Faramir asked at length, trying his best to sound jovial. Indeed, his thigh did ache fiercely, but he was not one to grumble. Boromir's pace quickened and he chewed on his dry lower lip. "I can never find it, small stable that it is. Look for a yellow sign. I am certain there is a yellow sign outside." Faramir promised that he would and an hour later, they quite haphazardly stumbled across the place, after Boromir had led them both in one long circle about the third level. "Yellow?" Faramir appraised the stable with a raised brow. There was a sign, yes, but it certainly wasn't yellow. No, he would have called it parchment-colored, washed out, faded. The wood was chipped and he discerned a painted riding horse, one with a curved tail, on the sign. The stable itself was a cramped place, tucked between a cobbler's shop and a tannery. "They had quite a large yard some years ago," Boromir said once he noticed Faramir's doubtful frown. "Out back, if I remember right." "If you remember," Faramir moaned under his breath. "Do you know what sort of beast Father is looking for? He hardly rides out anymore. Why bother?" Boromir's face narrowed with a scowl. "His old mare went lame last spring. I daresay he has delayed quite long enough." Faramir lifted his shoulders in a shrug. "I don't see cause for haste, really." But Boromir shook his head, hair stuck to his brow where sweat mingled with tiny droplets of melting snow. "Come within and let us hope they have a few lanterns lit to warm the place. Ah, this wretched weather is enough to freeze skin to bone." And he rubbed his red cheeks as if to prove his point. Faramir, long used to the cold and intemperance of nature out in Ithilien, duly complied. A loud knock upon the door, delivered by Boromir's intimidating fist, yielded no response. The brothers lingered a moment longer before Faramir tentatively suggested they step inside. The door was carefully opened and they were assaulted by the musty smell of horses and stall bedding that needed changing. A long, narrow passageway stretched to the back of the stable, a dozen or so empty stalls lining the aisle. There were only two horse within or so Faramir guessed through the dank, dirty gloom. And a pony, yes, a pony was wandering about free, nosing around a bare trough. "As you remember it?" Faramir repeated as he closed the door behind them. The building itself was lamentably cold, even without the wind leaking in. A single lantern was hooked over a rafter. The flame hissed and swayed like an angry serpent. Boromir thrust his hands inside his cloak. "It's a little dusty, perhaps, but the horses came highly recommended. Did you know that Ancir bought his animal here? Now tell me, have you seen a finer creature?" "No," Faramir said somewhat begrudgingly and he recalled the day when Ancir had trotted his mount before a group of slack-jawed guards. But that had been some years ago…. "Is there no one about?" he asked. "Or are we unexpected?" Boromir rolled his tongue over his teeth. "Hostler!" he bellowed. "Hostler!" Silence blanketed the stale barn. The pony alone snorted, looking highly affronted. But even he returned to his hopeless browsing after a moment. Boromir sighed, shifted his weight and slapped his hands against his thighs. "Hostler!" "Half a moment!" a ratty voice replied, ringing from behind the stable. The back door swung open, slammed against the cob-web drenched wall and a skinny man entered. Faramir blinked once. He had been mistaken. The woman threw back her hood, revealing a messy, graying bun atop her head and two wide, blank eyes. She was dressed in a poor pair of breeches and an old smock that dwarfed her shrunken frame. "Might I help you?" She laid a pitch fork against the wall with a grunt. Boromir did not reply at once. Faramir inhaled sharply. "My brother and I wish to inquire about a horse. Do you have any animals for sale, madam?" The woman sniffed and wiped a grime-stained hand across her face. She took a step closer, weaving about the pony's fat rump and coming to stand by the empty trough. "Sons of the Steward?" she asked bluntly. By this time, Boromir had regained his voice. "Yes, madam. I am Lord Boro-" The woman crossed her arms over her chest. "And you've come here for a horse?" A dirty-brow shot upward. Boromir flushed. Faramir quietly cleared his throat in warning. He knew his brother was not one to stand for insolence, intended or not. It was a captain's habit and the expectation of obedience was by now ingrained. Faramir, on the other hand, rightly saw the difference between a troublesome soldier and an outspoken matron. "Yes, madam," he replied and his even tone softened the agitated Boromir considerably. The woman, however, was not becalmed. "What sort of horse?" she asked suspiciously, a glance darting over her shoulder as if she suspected a company of Citadel guards to batter down the walls of her barn. "A riding horse," Boromir put in and he too folded his arms squarely over his chest. "We've come looking for a riding horse." The woman raised her other brow and emitted an amused sort of sound, her nose wrinkling. "Well, I'll fetch another lantern." And she was gone then, strolling out the back door and letting it lazily swing closed behind her. A blast of chilled wind struck the stable and lifted the little bits of hay littering the ground. The frown returned to Boromir's face and hardened his typically jovial countenance. "Courtesy is decidedly lacking," he muttered. "Lacking?" Faramir adjusted his worn leather gloves over his numb fingers. "I should say it's entirely absent. Is this also how you remember it, dear brother?" But Boromir's humor had fled, his mood now sour. "Let us look quickly while she is gone. Probably has nothing of worth, nothing at all. Father will be sorely disappointed." He began to make his way down the aisle, heavy boots sticking the muddy floor and the boards creaked, sounding like mischievous mice come to nibble on the empty grain bags. Faramir, as usual, followed, glimpsing one barren stall after another. The place might have once been quaint and neat, he fancied. The stall doors were arched and the rafters supporting the low ceiling were well-carved, the timber sturdy. His nose twitched. There was dried manure piled in one corner. Boromir paused and he rested his hand on a stall gate. His fingers tightened over the rusted latch. "A shame," he sighed. Faramir looked over his shoulder and noticed an old nag, white, but like the sign outside, now stained and faded with age. The creature had a long, sloped back, her withers rising like an ungainly mountain underneath a patchy, unkempt hide. Two bleary, blurry eyes met Faramir's and out of pity, he extended his hand and let her nuzzle his palm. "Poor creature," he crooned, his hand touching her whiskery muzzle that was in need of a trimming. Boromir gasped. Faramir's spine stiffened and he whirled around, spooking both the old nag and pony. "Boromir?" His brother stood just across the aisle, his torso hanging over the door of the largest stall and Faramir squinted. A shadow moved within, a tall, smooth shape. Hooves clattered smartly over the floor. "Come," Boromir breathed suddenly and he sounded smitten almost. "Come, Faramir, you must look, you must see. What a wonder!" Faramir crossed the aisle in two quick steps and peered deeper into the shadows. Boromir was already unlatching the stall gate, slipping in quietly and running his hands along a muscular, bay flank. Faramir's eyes widened. "Hold his head!" Boromir ordered. "I should like to check his legs." Faramir moved closer, his arm outstretched and he snagged the halter of a most elegant war horse. He had seen few to rival the creature, an animal with a stout but balanced body, a well-set head and a strong back. "Perfection," Boromir whispered. He was doubled over by the horse's hind leg. "And the inner hoof is as pink as a seashell, no disease. The limbs are sound." Carefully, with delicacy befitting the handling of a newborn babe, he released the leg. The creature stood still and allowed Boromir to continue his appraisal. "Gelded?" Faramir asked as he brother rounded the horse's rump. "No." Boromir stroked the stallion's neck. "I cannot imagine what manner of stud fee he would fetch, certainly thrice the worth of the nag and pony put together." He chuckled. "And you thought to doubt me." "I had good reason," Faramir retorted. The gallant stallion let his head fall on the other side of the gate and a soft whicker rippled his velvet lips. Faramir inhaled the sweet, horsey scent that so contrasted with the stink of the stable. "Such a creature," Boromir crooned and he scratched the narrow white stripe that parted the horse's forehead. "Too good for Father, I should say."