The Golden Warrior. A gleam of starlight silver raced across the wide open landscape, not once did the gleam slow down. A mighty steed galloped, carrying a lone figure, it's long black cloak whipping out behind as the autumn gale forcefully pushed against the figure and it's steed, but it did not slow them down. The steed, a brilliant iron grey stallion, snorted and puffed from the miles it had travelled, but the rider urged it forward with soft whispers. The rider's whispers were soft but hurried as if something or someone was chasing them both underneath the full moon, the stallion knew of the rider's urgency for he did not complain once. The rider's hood slipped down as another gust of wind forcefully attacked them, revealing long brown locks that danced behind the rider and gleaming gold eyes that put the golden necklace she wore to shame. The rider, now known as a twenty year old female, tangled her fingers in her stallion's mane, glancing back before whispering louder to the stallion, pleading to both him and the stars above that they would be safe. The pair continued to journey in this manner before the girl let out a large breath, entering a large forest. "Steady now my friend" she spoke, her voice slowing the stallion down into a peaceful canter as they swerved through the trees. "A little further" she mumbled to herself, her voice getting lost among the towering trees. The female darted her eyes around the scenery, as if she was expecting someone to jump out and grab her. She lifted her hood back up, her hands visible; by doing this the moonlight that seeped through the trees shone on her skin, making it almost silver. Soft mumbles were heard from the trees, but the woman didn't seem fazed by this, she actually seemed relaxed by this, steadying her stallion into a gentle walk. Her relax state didn't last long, for the hairs on the back of her neck rose, making her twitch uneasily. "I feel them watching us Storm… They'll come out soon" the female whispered to Storm the stallion, making him snort and nod his head in agreement, his ears turning in every direction as he continued to walk. The pair moved like this for at least ten minutes as they ventured deeper and deeper into the welcoming forest. One moment, it was only the woman and Storm, but a second after they were both surrounded by ten wood elves, bows and arrows drawn as they pointed at the intruders. Storm uneasily swayed before pouring his foot and placing his ears back and baring his teeth, showing the unknown elves that he was a threat. "Easy my friend" the woman whispered before dismounting her horse, gently patting him before stumbling closer to an elf that had stepped forward, clearly showing he was in charge of the small group. He was quite similar to the others that surrounded them; long blonde locks, pointed ears, sharp features and silvery clothing. The only thing that separated him from the rest was the proud look he carried and his dazzling iron grey eyes which could easily be lost against Storm the stallions fur. "Who are you?" the elf in charge questioned, eyeing up the hooded figure, trying to see past the shadow that lingered underneath it to see if he knew who it was. "I must see the Lady of the Wood, it is urgent" the woman replied in a desperate tone, lowering her hood to show her features to the group. One or two elves that circled her lowered their bows slightly, but the elf in charge sent them strict looks, forcing them to raise them again. "What business do you have?" the elf in charge continued, stepping another step closer. The woman kept silent for a second, shifting her weight from one foot to the other before parting her red lips to speak before closing them. She did this a few times before sighing, lowering her gaze to the floor, tucking a brown strand behind her pointed ear. "A threat travels to your wood; I must inform the Lady of the Wood immediately. We are wasting time standing here" the girl snapped, mounting her stallion again, her eyes flashing dangerously towards the leader of the group. The leader, for a moment, seemed to part his lips to argue with the woman, but he simply turned his back to the woman, gesturing to his group to lower their weapons. "Come then" he instructed, walking forward. The woman scowled before urging her horse forward, following the lone elf as the others 'disappeared' back into the trees. They walked in silence, the ellon in front and the elleth behind on her stallion that glared at the one in front. "I assume you are Haldir then?" the woman questioned as they walked on. The ellon turned his head slightly before nodding to confirm her question. "Yes, I've heard Ada talk about you many times. He said you're a wonderful protector for Lothlórien" the elleth continued, a small smile playing on her lips as she placed her hood up once again. "Who are you?" Haldir questioned, halting in his step as he turned around to look up at the elleth. "That matters not to you now, alas! We are drawing near" she shot back, her eyes falling straight onto the wonderful high trees that held so many homes to the elves. Haldir shot her a look before requesting his elves to allow them past – the woman wasn't too sure if that was true though for he spoke the Elvish tongue, not the Common tongue. The woman noticed Haldir's eyes glaze over as he looked upon the beauty of his home but the woman rolled her eyes playfully before dismounting Storm, patting him on the neck. "Go to the stables my friend, rest and soon we ride again" the woman softly said to the horse making Haldir look around at her, raising his brow. Storm nodded his head, nibbling the woman's fingers before glaring at Haldir, warning him, and then with a swish of his tail he set off towards the stables. Luckily horses have a great sense of direction. "This way" Haldir sighed in annoyance, making the elleth turn back around and follow the annoyed elf. "Why do you not tell me your name?" Haldir asked as the pair began their walk up the stairs. From beneath her hood the female smiled, not a large smile, not a soft smile, more of a silly half grin. "Why should I tell you when you are about to find out?" the woman answered with a question making Haldir roll his eyes. "Stupid elleth" he muttered under his breath. "I heard that" the woman behind chimed, her silly half grin still on her face. The two continued to bicker as they continued their long walk, which seemed much longer to Haldir due to the fact that the young elleth behind him was extremely immature as she continued to annoy him in different tones of voice. "Finally…" he breathed, never happier in his life to be feet away from the Lady of the Wood. The woman behind him let out a small sigh in relief as they entered through the overlarge door. Both of them gazed up as the Lady of the Wood descended the stairs – much too slowly for the woman who gazed around the room until she reached the final step. "Ah a guest. It is a pleasure to see you again little one" Galadriel softly spoke out loud, her soft eyes flickering between the two that stood before her. Even then she could see the annoyance in Haldir's eyes and the amusement in the woman's, oh, what a couple they'd make. "Not so little anymore" the woman cheerfully said, lowering her hood to place her golden eyes back onto Galadriel in full concentration. "What do I owe the pleasure?" Galadriel asked making the woman's eyes die down a little as she bowed her head down in defeat. Haldir noticed the change in the elleth so he kept his attention fixed on her. The elleth picked up her head again in remorse. "A large army of orcs are on their way here… I'm guessing over 500 are travelling, and they're not travelling light, they're dressed for war" the elleth spoke, her voice strangled. Galadriel was frozen for several moments, even poor Haldir was shocked by the news. "How can it be true… our scouts would have informed me before you even made it here…" Haldir whispered. "Haldir, she is one of our scouts…" Galadriel softly said to the warden making his eyes open a fraction more before covering her emotions. "Now then, what to do…" Galadriel pondered for a moment. "We only have 200 elves at the most, all our kin have travelled to the shore to leave" Haldir softly said as Galadriel nodded in agreement. "That's enough" the elleth spoke in relief making Haldir snap his head around to her. "How is that enough? We might be elves but 200 of my army can't defeat 500 orcs in battle!" Haldir cried out making the elleth jump in surprise but Galadriel smiled softly to herself, as if she had seen this all before… "Aye, they may be defeated in battle but not in my plan" the elleth spoke. Before poor Haldir could speak another word Galadriel beamed. "Why tell us your plan Golden Warrior" Galadriel requested. At the name Haldir's jaw dropped. "Golden Warrior… but it cannot be so… you left years ago… Gold hasn't been seen for years" Haldir whispered in amazement to Gold who laughed. "Aye, I left years ago to spy but alas! I have returned. My Lady, why don't we lure them into the woods? Two-hundred of us should be able to get the number of orcs down to at least one-hundred with a push. If we lure them into the forest we can set traps for them… I can even get the trees involved if we must" Gold explained. "You think we'll be able to shoot down 400 orcs in a matter of seconds? The orcs travel fast on ground" Haldir snorted. "I have trust in your army and do not forget the orcs will be exhausted when they reach in range of the borders, they have not rested for over a week and they are weary, I have kept my eye on them" Gold said with ease, sending Haldir a playful glare before looking at Galadriel who hid her amused smile with a mask. "Yes, that sounds fine… how long do we have?" Galadriel asked but Gold and Haldir both knew she already had a clear idea. "They should reach us tomorrow when the sun touches the mountains in the distance" Gold replied politely. "So be it. Rest well Gold while Haldir informs the others and begins planning and setting up traps" Galadriel softly said, dismissing the pair with a wave of her hand. Both elves walked back down the stairs, this time they didn't argue; instead they spoke of tactics and plans. Haldir politely directed Gold to where she may rest for the night and thankfully Storm stood in the area awaiting her. Gold had learnt many years ago not to question how Storm knew where she was most of the time, instead she thanked Haldir and began her long talk with the trees that creaked and groaned as they spoke back to her… Many hours had passed since talking to the trees and Gold calmly sat on Storm as she gazed out into the distance as she peered out from the south boarder. "Their numbers are large" Haldir commented from beside her for he also was sat upon a horse that was the colour of the soil. "Yes but we can take them. Are the traps completed?" Gold asked, her eyes glancing at Haldir quickly before refocusing on the large black spot in