No Escape from Fate. The midday sun was high in the sky as it warningly shone down on the people of Rohan as they slowly travelled to Helms Deep, their strongest stronghold. A soft breeze swayed through each woman, man and child as they walked with their small amount of belongings and the breeze somewhat settled them as they nervously looked across the hilly landscape in worry. Only the horses, an elf and a woman found no comfort by the breeze. The horses' ears twitched as they kept their bodies tensed, preparing to either fight or flee… they felt the same as the woman and elf did; the unsettled atmosphere, the quietness of nature but most of all they all felt the growing darkness. The elf and woman stood near one another as they scouted the landscape, the silence between them welcoming as they listened carefully, their features opposite one another. The elf held long blonde hair, pale skin and wise sea blue eyes… the woman however had long curly raven hair and deep, sparkling meaningful onyx eyes. The elf worriedly looked down at the shorter woman as she lowly hissed. "I can feel something out there Legolas, we are moving much too slowly to reach Helms Deep quickly enough to avoid it" the woman quietly whispered as she skilfully looked across the landscape. "I feel it too Grace, a dark shadow has been brewing in my mind for quite some time… It may be wise to alert Aragorn" Legolas quietly responded to the woman and she nodded in agreement, patting his back. Grace turned and with a hop she leapt onto her 15.2hh's light dun stallion, Spirit. She gently kicked the stallion forward, her command granted as the strong war horse picked up a steady canter to the front of the moving travellers. As she slowly cantered her stallion to the front of the ride her eyes automatically scanned the crowd, her eyes lingering on a stubborn dwarf that merrily laughed with another man of Rohan. Grace's eyes twinkled as she smile, the dwarf turning around when feeling her eyes upon him. The dwarf, when noticing her, beckoned her over with a wave of his stout arm and the woman happily approached him. "Ah lass!" he exclaimed, stroking his long fluffy beard in pride. "Good day Gimli, I do hope you have not injured yourself earlier when falling off" Grace cheekily said earning a loud gasp of fake disbelief. "Fall off?! Ha! It was meant to happen… I have you fooled!" he loudly told her earning an unladylike snort off Grace and a few held back snickers from ear dropping walkers. The dwarf throatily laughed as he looked up at Grace in friendship, his laugh being silenced as a shadow crossed her features. Without a word Grace beckoned him closer, the dwarf walking on his tip toes as Grace leaned down to his ear level. "Something troubles Legolas and I, what we have feared will come soon" she secretly mumbled to the dwarf. The dwarf hummed, looking up at her with a strained but excited smile. "Aye it was to be expected… I shall go and find Arod so, if need be, I can ride into battle" Gimli said under his breath, the dislike easily noted in his tone at the thought of riding a horse, let alone into battle. "Very well my friend. Tell none, we do not want to alarm the walkers… I shall go and inform Aragorn and the King. Keep safe my friend" Grace stated, ending their conversation as she sat up straight, gently nudging her loyal horse forward once more in search of the front of the travellers. The appearing smile of Grace's face grew even more as she reached the front, her eyes easily noticing the dark figure of Aragorn out of the lightly clothed people of Rohan. Grace's lips quirked into a frown when she noticed the blonde headed Eowyn alongside him, happily talking away. Grace wearily kept her distance for several moments, unsure whether or not to interrupt the moment between them. Her eyes slowly took in Aragorn's features; his shoulder length dark brown hair danced in the breeze as his silvery blue wise but troubled eyes wearily kept his eyes on the surrounding hills, his mind elsewhere as he paid little attention to the babbling Eowyn. Brego, Aragorn's new horse, gently nudged his new kind masters back as he snorted in annoyance at how slow he walked. Grace's lips fell into a smile again as Aragorn spotted her starring and winked at her. Eowyn was quick to notice the exchange between them and she crossly glared Grace's way as Brego looked in their direction, loudly calling Spirit in greeting as he too neighed back in reply. Spirit impatiently shook his head, his ears twitch as he paused for a moment, listening to the surrounding landscape, his body tensing. Immediately she kicked the stallion forward to join Aragorn, she could no longer wait with the burning feeling in her gut that made her smile fall. Aragorn noticed the worry in his lovers face and he frowned, quickening his walk to keep alongside the bouncing Spirit as he uneasily walked. " What troubles you my love?" Aragorn uneasily spoke in the elven tongue earning a look of disbelief and hurt from Eowyn as the Mortal man ignored her and spoke in a language she knew nothing about. " My mind is troubled; they are here, the horses grow restless… We will not make it in time. Be prepared, they are hiding… I shall inform the King" Grace told him, her elven words soft but strained as she hurried them out of her mouth. She went to turn her horse to continue her journey to the King but Aragorn grabbed her nearby hand, desperately squeezing it. " He will not believe you…" Aragorn truthfully told her but she shook her head, a determined look crossing her features. "He must be warned" she stressed, her language back to the Common as Eowyn flashed her eyes onto her, an unknown look crossing her features as Grace flickered her eyes onto her for only a moment. "Let me come with you" Aragorn requested, his hands still squeezing Grace's as he looked up at her. "Nay stay put" Grace sharply commanded, noticing Eowyn's parting lips in the corner of her eye. Grace looked at the woman of Rohan, tilting her head. "My lady" Grace politely but sharply greeted, removing Aragorn's hands off her own as she pushed Spirit on into a reluctant trot. "Grace!" Aragorn called after her and foolishly she paused, turning her head to glance back but it was no use as Aragorn had already caught up with her and pulled her slim frame down into an embrace. " Keep safe" he told her, worry and care being seen in his eyes as she pulled away. She could see the desperation and need in Eowyn eyes as she looked on at Aragorn. " I am of no importance, Fate shall choose my path like it has chosen yours" she quietly said, her eyes unable to focus on Aragorn as she looked at the gawping Eowyn. Before the shocked Aragorn could utter a word Grace turned her horse, sharply kicking him into a gallop with no room for complaint… Grace was no fool; she had seen Eowyn chasing Aragorn around ever since they had arrived. At first Grace had stood by Aragorn, showing that the Mortal man was claimed and that there was no way that the woman was to get her claws into him. But as days flew by Grace noticed the growing bond between the two and she couldn't help but feel the jealousy that attacked her heart yet the constant reminder that Gandalf told her after the Council of Elrond made her heart twist in pain. ' This journey will test us all, but it will also change us all… For better or for worse, we do not know. Paths must be taken, some will stay true to the Fellowship of the Ring and some will part as a sacrifice to its destruction. Aragorn must accept his birth right or all shall fail' Grace couldn't bring herself to look back at the calling Aragorn. Ever since they had met she had thought of him as Aragorn and Aragorn alone but now the whole of Middle Earth depended on him… He was no longer a simple Ranger from the North, he was Isildur's heir and he was the one that should join his people, the people of Gondor. Ever since they had joined together Grace had accepted his wishes and had not pushed him to take what was rightfully his, she had not pushed him to become a King. She had helped to defend him and stop his fears from becoming true, many times she had argued with Elrond and Arwen of it and many times she had won but now, as she rode to King Théoden of Rohan, she wondered if she had done wrong. What would have happened if she had tried talking Aragorn around it? What would have happened if he was a King of Gondor instead of a Ranger of the North? Would Sauron already be nothing more than a memory or would he be a master of them all? The questions ran through her head and she glanced back at Eowyn who grasped onto Aragorn, giving him a comforting embrace as he looked on with a longing expression. Grace couldn't help but turn away, looking up at the sky. Maybe Eowyn was meant to be close to Aragorn, maybe she would be the one to turn Aragorn into the King he was always meant to be… maybe she was always meant to be the one to whisk Aragorn out of her grasp… maybe this was Fate's plan all along. With a hardening look Grace looked ahead, spotting the King not too far ahead. Maybe it would be better for Aragorn if Grace kept her distance and stopped meddling with his life… King Théoden was surrounded by his most loyal Riders of Rohan, his men eyeing Grace up as she pushed Spirit to walk alongside him. "King Théoden" she lightly said, earning his attention and the King nodded in greeting, signalling his men to give some privacy between the two. "Lady Grace… shouldn't you be scouting?" the King asked, a clip in his tone as he thought that the woman had abandoned her post. Grace bit the inside of her cheek as she tried not to glare across at the King for speaking to her in such a way. "A threat is present in my mind, we will not reach safety in time" she spoke, trying her best not to harden her expression as the King raised an eyebrow in question. "Is that so…? Has there been any sight of the enemy?" the King mockingly asked and the ears dropping Riders of Rohan snickered under their breath. Grace couldn't help but let a glare through her guarded expressions as the King sent her a mocking smile. "Well?" he demanded, the humour easily heard in his voice. Grace sharply shook her head, biting her tongue this time as she refused to give the King a piece of her mind. "No... I thought not. My people are safe and we WILL reach Helms Deep without a problem" the King claimed with a challenging look. Grace hotly went to speak some sense into the foolish King but a loud, piercing scream echoed across the landscape sending everyone to a standstill. Grace angrily looked at the King as Aragorn appeared at her side but no words were spoken as everyone looked to the right as Legolas loudly called Aragorn. "A scout!" the elf shouted, whipping out an arrow as he turned his back to the King. "What is it? What do you see?" King Théoden called to him but the elf didn't reply, instead