Authors Notes: This story is based on the past of Corlia from another story I have made called "Tyrlylth - Mistress of the Blade". Anyone who has already read the chapters I've done for that storyline will understand this story more. If you want a few more short stories based on Corlia's past with Gil-galad then feel free to either PM me or suggest it in a review. :) Happy reading xx Saying Goodbye The large elven hall was loud with laughter, cheers and chatter as they merrily celebrated the beginning of Rivendell where elves would dwell until they would cross the sea. Only one did not celebrate; a lone female sat in the darkness of a corner, her piercing silvery blue eyes watching a certain group of elves as they spoke. She quietly fiddled with her silver ring that had an odd blue gem upon it that seemed to change different shades of blue; it seemed as if it had its own heartbeat. "…they say that none have seen her" gasped one elf with long, blonde hair as he took a sip out of his goblet. "I have seen her!" another elf spoke as he gazed at the first elf with his iron grey eyes while tucking a strand of raven hair behind his pointed ear. A group of elves laughed at his words, listening intently to the conversation between the two for it seemed that they always had this discussion. "She is as black as night, as tall as a horse and as fierce as a warlord…" the second elf continued, his iron eyes clouding over as he dreamily thought of the subject they spoke of making the elves who listened laugh even harder. "One would say that you are smitten with her Lord Elrond" the first elf commented, a silly grin playing on his lips as Lord Elrond shook himself out of his daze, straightening himself up with a scoff. "I am merely defending her" he spoke but the smile across his face told everyone, including the woman that watched them from a distance, that what he said wasn't the whole truth. "It is funny how only you have seen her, she is but a myth among us" the first noted and the group of ten, excluding Lord Elrond, laughed but they soon fell into silence as another joined them. "I have also seen her Sellion" the newcomer said towards the first elf making his pointed ears redden in embarrassment as did the other elves for they were all new to the army unlike Lord Elrond and the newcomer whom had been in many battles for many years. "Greetings Gil-galad, have you come to join us?" Lord Elrond questioned, eyeing up the elf-lord with long, dark hair and unforgettable stormy grey eyes. Gil-galad smiled and, with a nod, he settled his large muscled body down next to Lord Elrond. "I do pray that I am correct… you speak of the War Hero?" Gil-galad spoke, his light velvet voice putting many of his army members under his spell. The woman who patiently sat in the corner edged forward in her seat, earning the attention of Lord Elrond but she quickly fell back into the shadows leaving Elrond to believe that the light was playing tricks with his mind. "Yes we speak of her for Lord Elrond is smitten with her" Sellion joked earning a dirty look off Elrond as Gil-galad chuckled at the two. "And so he should be, the War Hero has been alongside us in many battles and she has also saved my life" Gil-galad spoke, his voice turning deadly serious making his listeners fall into silence. Gil-galad was the one to give the one they spoke of the name War Hero for he had no way of finding out her true name. "Is that how you returned to us during the First Age…?" Sellion tried to ask but his voice faltered as he painfully thought back to when Gil-galad was captured. Gil-galad stiffened at the question but nodded to confirm it. The table of elves fell into silence as they quietly thought about the past when Gil-galad returned to them batted and bruised, obviously tortured for information. It left many elves in question to how he escaped and how he returned in such a state… "Do you think she will join us against Sauron?" one of the listening elves questioned and Gil-galad turned his attention to him. "I know not Daeron, I have not asked her yet" Gil-galad answered with a sigh. Unnoticed by everyone the woman in the corner stiffened but she soon relaxed down as questions buzzed around her head. "Is it her battle to fight? She fought with us during the First Age because the battles took place near her home" Sellion spoke and everyone grumbled in agreement with his words. "She knows of the damage Sauron will do, even if it is not her battle to fight now, it soon will be when it reaches her homeland" Elrond wisely said, glancing at Gil-galad. "Maybe you should visit her tomorrow my friend, I have seen her scouting around the outskirts of Rivendell" Elrond continued making Gil-galad nod with a timid smile. The woman in the corner briefly smiled, the questions buzzing around her mind fading as slight excitement sizzled in her stomach. The woman removed her attention from the group as she gathered herself, keeping her short five foot frame stuck to the wall as she stood up, her black clothing keeping her well hidden in the shadows. "…but she cannot be" Sellion's voice spoke earning the woman's attention again. "We know not of who or what she truly is Sellion, all we know is that she is not who she appears to be" Gil-galad's voice added making the woman's excitement die away, her silvery eyes becoming troubled as she slowly moved herself against the walls, deep within the shadows. Lord Elrond glanced towards the dark corner once more, noticing another dab of silver, and he thought that the light was playing tricks on him once more but, as he narrowed his eyes, a dark body stealthily moved against the wall, the only thing noticeable was a lone silver ring. The woman, feeling someone's eyes on her, quickened her pace, leaving the hall with such speed that Lord Elrond felt that the mysterious figure did not want to be seen… The next morning arrived and Gil-galad breezily walked around Rivendell, watching elves take orders from Lord Elrond as he instructed them how Rivendell was to be built. The early sunshine shone down on Gil-galad as he walked making his light blue clothing easily seen against the green of the trees. Gil-galad walked out of the area of Rivendell, hunting down his suspect; the War Hero. It was not strange how she claimed such a name; she had saved Gil-galad and risked her life during the First Age, she had saved him from torture… and she also accompanied him to wars, her form mistaken for a horse by most, even the elves. Gil-galad briefly smiled as he heard a soft grumble approaching him and he turned his head to behold such a unique sight. What approached him was no man or elf, what approached him was a large overgrown wolf with fur the colour of the midnight sky and eyes the colour of a frosty morning. Gil-galad's smile widened as the wolf, which many mistaken for a horse, approached him with a tilted head. "Good morning War Hero, I was just on my way to find you" Gil-galad softly spoke to the wolf and she grumbled, sitting herself down to listen to his words. Gil-galad had always found it fascinating how the War Hero knew when he wanted to speak to him yet he found it slightly odd, it was as if she knew his every step… "Once Rivendell is stronger we will be heading to Mordor for travelled news have informed us that Sauron is gaining power" Gil-galad slowly said, hatred and distrust written across his features. The wolf gave a soft, quiet whine for she knew that Gil-galad distrusted Sauron when he was in disguise. Gil-galad glanced down at the wolf, his features softening; it was no wonder Lord Elrond had a soft spot for such a wolf, even he secretly did. "I do not expect you to travel with us, Rivendell will be safe from Sauron" Gil-galad continued but he paused as the wolf angrily growled, biting the end of his tunic and firmly keeping a hold of it. Gil-galad quietly chuckled down at the wolf as he remembered the time when the War Hero had done that to Lord Elrond making him scream like an elleth, oh how he would never forget that memory. Instead of the wolf letting go and grumbling like she usually did she pulled his tunic with plead in her eyes. Gil-galad raised an eyebrow to the wolf that let go of his tunic and turned, tilting her head in the direction of the forest before trotting over in that direction, looking back at him with a desperate expression. Without little thought Gil-galad followed the War Hero, his curiosity burning in the pit of his stomach. The odd pair ventured deeper and deeper into the thick forest, the leaves gracefully falling to the ground as the wolf accidently pulled them off. It was not long until the wolf halted, turning around to face Gil-galad once more. Gil-galad immediately noticed the pain, fear and guilt in her eyes and he hurriedly over to her, placing his hand on her face which was level with his own. "What is wrong brave one?" Gil-galad quietly asked and his heart sunk as the wolf turned her head away from him in despair. She carefully lifted her right front paw up and Gil-galad noticed the tied up scroll at once. "Do you want me to read this?" he hesitantly asked the wolf and she nodded, allowing him to take the scroll before shying away, her huge body crouching down as if she was whipped by a cane for doing wrong. Worriedly Gil-galad opened the scroll, his features clouding over in confusion as he took his eyes off the wolf and onto the writing on the scroll. 'Please forgive me for what I have to show you, I can no longer hide who I truly am.' Gil-galad re-read that single line several times before glancing back to the wolf, his lips parting to gasp before he leapt back, grasping his spear, ready to pull it out to defend himself. "No wait!" Gil-galad paused, eyeing up the stranger. Instead of a wolf standing in the spot where he had last seen it there was now a woman; her raven hair passed her elbows with ease as her tightly fitted black clothing easily allowed her small five foot figure to blend in with the shadows of the trees. "Who are you? Where is the War Hero?" Gil-galad uneasily questioned, keeping his hand firmly placed upon his spear as he looked at the woman, his body tensing as he noticed a row of throwing axes around her belt. He raised his eyes to look at hers, freezing as he saw all the emotion she was allowing free; he saw the same pain the wolf did, he saw the same fear as the wolf did, he saw the same guilt the wolf did but most of all, he saw the exact same eyes the wolf had. The woman, watching Gil-galad put the pieces together, nervously bit her lip, waiting for him to turn around and scream much in the same way Elrond did when she first bit his tunic. The seconds seemed like hours to her as they both looked at one another in the eye and, without warning, Gil-galad laughed like he had never laughed before; his head was thrown back and tears sprinkled down his face. The woman awkwardly tilted her head in