Since today's chapter of Interference is rather short and calm, I've decided to also post the most intense one-shot that I had hiding in the depths of my folder organization system. Warning: this story is fairly long. This has been a personal headcannon for me for a while now, so as hard as this story was to write, I'm glad I'm finally getting this out and into the world. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Nor do I own the final line in bold at the bottom. Yposchesi 1945 "Promise," Mary said, gripping Joe's hands tightly. "You know I would never do anything to hurt you," Joe replied, but Mary shook her head. "I need to here you say it," she told him. "Please." She trembled violently, and Joe wondered what was so important to her. In the background, the empty forge seemed almost eerie. Everyone at camp was out in the hill, managing and repairing defenses. Only Joe and Mary remained, and only because Mary said she had something important to give him. "Alright," Joe decided. "I promise. Now what was so important?" "It's back here," Mary said, leading Joe into the back of the forge. Even trembling and scared, Mary looked beautiful. Her raven black hair was up in something between a rat's nest and bun, and her skin, clothes, and armor was smeared with oil, but to Joe that only brought out her sky blue eyes. It was weird for Mary, as a daughter of Zeus, to want to meet Joe in the forgery, even as much as she had helped her stepbrother and his cabin mates out. Joe wondered if maybe this super-important thing she wanted to show him used to be her stepbrother's - he, as head of the Hephaestus cabin and boyfriend to the only child of Hecate at camp, tended to make dangerous things. And ever since he died last week, his inventions were even more dangerous. Joe wouldn't be surprised if Mary showed him a murderous dragon, or an advanced war plane. Ever since his brother had started advocating for a separate military branch for air support, Joe had been interested in planes. So he was a little surprised when Mary gave him a dagger. "He called it Ypóschesi," Mary told him. "Promise," Joe translated. He ran his fingers along the blade and hilt - definitely Mary's stepbrother's craftsmanship. "Yes," Mary confirmed. "It wasn't an official name, but he called it that because he promised... he promised that as long as I had it, nothing could ever harm me." "Then you should keep it," Joe said. "With everything's that's happening. Especially with your sixteenth birthday coming up." "I can handle that," Mary argued. "I can handle the war, and the stupid prophecy, no problem. But I just can't handle the thought that something might happen to you - that I might lose you. And this knife is so important to me, and you promised ." "Alright," Joe agreed. "For you. But you have to know that I don't want anything happening to you either." "I know." 1949 Henry looked around, wide-eyed, as he followed his tour guide around camp. It had been hard, coming all the way from Seattle to New York City, mostly unarmed, but he had managed. And now he was finally here. His tour guide - and brother, according to Chiron, but Henry didn't know how he could be related to someone so commanding - was explaining how camp wasn't as impressive as it usually was, what with the war just having ended, but it looked impressive enough to Henry. "And here's the cabins," the tour guide - John? Joe? - said. "This is our cabin, Athena, and where you'll be staying." "Here?" Henry asked, staring up at the large, gray building. Not for the first time since leaving his family's cabin in Washington, he felt intimidated. Joe smiled sympathetically. He was at least a foot taller than Henry, with military posture and haircut, but when he looked down at the younger boy, he looked friendly. And very sad... "Do you have a weapon?" Joe asked. Henry shook his head. "I had a dagger for a while, but I lost it in Indiana," Henry explained. "You like daggers?" Joe asked. Henry nodded - it was the only weapon he had ever used, and being only nine years old he doubted he could lift a sword. "Well, then, how about I give you this one?" Joe pulled a dagger from his belt and leaned down to give it to Henry. "Now, this dagger is very special," Joe explained. "It's magic, supposedly. It will protect its owner. Not only that, but it's last owner was very special - one of the smartest and bravest fighters camp's ever known." "What happened to him?" Henry asked. "She died recently," Joe replied, his voice cracking. "But as much as I'd like to keep it, I think she'd want you to have it. But you have to promise me you'll take care of it." "I will." 1956 "Oh, come on Henry," Jessica whined, pushing a piece of blonde hair out of her face. "You're being ridiculous." "I'm being cautious," Henry replied, crossing his arms. Even when being a stubborn idiot, Henry looked handsome - long, blonde hair that always fell in his gray eyes and curled whenever it got wet, a cute button nose that he hated, and massive biceps that did not in any way make Jessica's crush on him superficial. "Is there a difference?" Jessica asked, crossing her arms in response. Cute or not, Henry was not going to win this argument. As stubborn as children of Athena were, children of Nike were always worst (and it didn't help that she had to live with Hermes' children either). "I'm telling you, the quest is suicide," Henry repeated. "Just please, reconsider." "You don't think I can handle myself?" "You're impossible." Henry sighed, and Jessica smiled in victory. "Just promise me one thing." "What?" "That you'll be careful." Jessica snorted. "When am I not?" "All the time," Henry replied. He had a point. "Fine. I'll promise that I'll be careful, and that I'll come back and make your life difficult." Henry grinned. "I'll be counting on it. And one more thing." "That was the one more thing." Jessica thought she had a good point, but Henry ignored her. To Jessica's surprise, he unsheathed a dagger - the one he had always had on him. "Take this." Henry said, holding the dagger out. "It's supposed to protect its owner." Jessica raised an eyebrow. "All weapons do that." "I mean, its special. Please, just take it." Henry lifted the dagger up, giving Jessica his puppy-dog eyes. With a sigh, Jessica took the dagger. "Fine. But you need to stop stressing - I will be fine." "I know," Henry replied. "But I just can't stand the thought of losing you." Jessica squeezed his hands. "And you won't." 1958 "I don't understand," Lily said, her feet banging against the side of the Jessica's bunk. "Why don't we have our own cabin?" "Because," Jessica replied. "There's not enough of us for us to have our own cabin. The two of us don't take up that much room now, do we?" Lily frowned, obviously not happy with that answer. "But there's several empty cabins." "Well..." Jessica started, trying to find a good answer. Even after only knowing her for a day, she knew her little sister would not give up until she had a satisfactory answer. She was, after all, a daughter of Nike, but she had Jessica frustrated beyond belief. Lily didn't look like much. With beautiful auburn hair and crystal blue eyes, she looked like she belonged in the Aphrodite cabin, even when dressed in active clothes. She was thirteen, but was the size of a ten year old, and she smiled more than she glared. But she was so insistent. "You want to know the real reason?" Jessica asked, leaning in towards Lily. Lily nodded eagerly. "I think they're scared of us." "Really?" Lily replied, eyes lighting up like a bonfire. "Yes," Jessica said. "And they think that if we had our own cabin, our own space to plan, we'd take over camp. Which is true, of course." Even if it wasn't the real reason. Lily frowned. "Oh, well I guess that makes sense. So, when do I get my own weapon?" Did this girl have a book of hard questions (and was it provided by Henry)? After an accident involving two poodle-sized bronze dragons, triplet children of Hephaestus, and a prank by Jessica's cabin mates, there was a concerning lack of weapons at camp. There was no chance a daughter of a minor goddess was going to get her hands on one, unless... "Actually," Jessica said. "I have one here for you. But you have to promise not to lose it, okay?" Lily muttered something under her breath. During her trip from Maine (seriously? Who lives in Maine?) to New York, she had destroyed, lost, and otherwise made useless a total of twenty six weapons, and she had a habit of cursing whoever brought it up. "What's so special about it anyways?" Lily muttered. "It's magic," Jessica said. "It protects its owner. But you have to take care of it, okay? It was a gift from someone very special." "I promise I'll take care of it," Lily replied. "But it's not like I purposely destroy things." 1963 "Why do you carry a dagger around?" The question caught Lily off guard, judging from how fast she spun around. "What?" She demanded. Colleen debated keeping her mouth shut, but curiosity won her over. "Why do you carry a dagger around?" "Why wouldn't I?" Lily asked. She looked murderous, as if Colleen had just insulted her grandmother. Colleen gulped, but didn't back down. "Because you're so good at archery," Colleen answered. "One of the best, even." Archery was the reason Colleen and Lily knew each other so well, anyways. Colleen wasn't very violent, liked flowers and skirts, and spent her free time playing on the piano her brother had snuck in. Lily, on the other hand, was about as violent as someone could get, despised anything feminine, despite being a girl herself, and didn't do much else besides train and fight. But they were the best archers at camp, so they somehow became friends. "Oh," Lily said. "Right. The dagger was a gift from my sister." "You have a sister?" Colleen asked. As far as she knew, there wasn't any other children of Nike at camp, and the blade was celestial bronze, so it wasn't like a mortal sister could have given it to her. "I did," Lily replied. "She's - she's gone." "Oh," Colleen said. "Sorry." Lily smiled. "No, it's okay. I don't mind talking about her. I would hate for her to be forgotten." "What happened to her?" Colleen asked. "She won a game she shouldn't have had, and was murdered for the prize. It was a stupid, mortal way to die." Lily spit the last sentence out. "There are worse ways to die," Colleen replied. "My mother died because her hair got stuck in a machine. Broke her neck. Probably didn't even realize it was coming until she was dead." Colleen and Lily lapsed into awkward silence, with the exception of the thunk of arrows hitting the target (almost all bullseyes). When their quivers ran out, they walked down the range in silence. When they reached the targets, Lily decided to break the silence. "Why all the sudden questions?" Colleen shrugged. "I don't know. I guess I'm feeling a little underprepared for the quest tomorrow." "That's stupid," Lily declared. "Chiron wouldn't let you go on the quest if he didn't think you were ready." "I know." Colleen yanked hard on one of her arrows, almost taking the paper target with her. "But if we get attacked, and it's too close of a range,