Prompt left in a review for Have a Drink, Sweetheart : Hi, brilliant writing! It's an absolute joy to read. Here's a prompt if you're taking any: perhaps effie and haymitch had sex celebration and she's pregnant with his kid. Later, just before the Victory Tour she gave birth and effie doesn't tell Haymitch. Then the uprising occurs, haymitch is saving effie when effie told him to take their kid (she refers their kid as his kid) instead of her since the hovercraft has space for one more, and he did- leave her behind. In 13, the kid asks haymitch where the mom is and clarifies that effie is the mom... thanks Okay, so let's keep in mind that there around 6 months between the victory and VT and about as much between the end of VT and the beginning of the Games if I'm not mistaken aaaaand that even if she had managed to give birth and bounced back into a not-pregnant figure by VT, well the kid would still be unable to talk by the time the rebellion rolls around. I mean, I'm all for Haymitch and Effie's kids being clever but it's pushing it a little here XD Also, I don't see why they couldn't get Effie and the kid because hovercrafts are quite spacious and a small kid wouldn't take that much space so, I changed that as well. In short I kept the general idea and I worked with that which of course means, this one is long. So long in fact I've decided to publish it outside of Have a Drink, Sweetheart . I cut it in four parts and I will publish a new chapter every day, so part 2 should be up tomorrow. I hope you like it! Thirteen Sheep Haymitch restlessly paced the narrow back alley under Plutarch's nervous gaze. Plutarch was standing next to the black car supposed to take them to the hovercraft and was checking his watch more and more often. "I am sorry, Haymitch, but we can't wait much longer." the Head Gamemaker said. "She's coming." he snapped. Fear was like a burning fist crushing his guts. Effie Trinket was never late and yet she should have been there almost fifteen minutes ago by then. Everything could have happened. She could have been arrested, she could have misunderstood the meeting point, she could have… "If she betrayed us…" Plutarch argued. "She didn't." Haymitch didn't leave room for argument. "I trust her." And the moment he said that, he heard the hurried tell-tale clicking of her heels. He turned around just as she stepped around the curb of the alley. "You're late, sweetheart." he accused right before he caught sight of her. Then he froze. "And I guess we're about to be even more late. Who's that?" Plutarch was frowning and Haymitch couldn't blame him. Effie had a little boy firmly latched on her hand, not more than a toddler really, ashen blond hair, grey eyes, a navy suit that looked out of place on a child and a purple backpack that clashed with the formal attire. The kid stared at him with wide eyes before grinning an almost terrifying smile that revealed a missing tooth. Haymitch was quick to look away but Effie wasn't forthcoming with an explanation. She stopped walking a few feet from them, crouched to speak a few low words in the child's ear and then approached Haymitch. There was an edginess about her he hated on sight. Whatever she was going to say, he wouldn't like it. "What's going on?" he asked in a low voice. It was futile, though. Plutarch was nice enough to pretend he wasn't listening but he was too close not to hear. "This wasn't the plan, Effie." He had told her about the plan in the shower where he was sure there were no bugs and where the noise of running water would have covered their voices. He had said he would take her to Thirteen with him before it all went to shit and she had agreed. She had agreed . He had given her the meeting place and she should have showed up earlier with a small bag and ready to leave everything behind, not with a kid in tow. Was he her nephew? He couldn't, for the life of him, remember if she had ever mentioned a nephew… "I apologize." she whispered. Her voice was flat, she was pale under her make-up and her eyes were too bright, as if she was fighting tears. "You are going to be very, very angry and I can't apologize enough. Please, believe me, I never meant for you to find out about him like this." "What are you talking about?" He shook his head and grabbed her arm, trying to steer her to the car. "It doesn't matter. Whatever it is, we don't have time. We have to go." She resisted all attempts to be pushed to the car. "He's your son." Plutarch's surprised curse was masked into a fake cough but Haymitch was too stunned to even curse. He stared at Effie blankly. "What?" "He's your son." she said again, worrying her hands in front of her. Those four words were like a punch to the stomach. His son … He didn't look at the kid, he stared at her, studying her face and trying to catch the deceit that would surely flash in her eyes at some point. Except it didn't. She was composed albeit uncharacteristically nervous and obviously distressed. "He is six." she continued, low enough that the boy wouldn't hear her. The kid was a blurred point in his peripheral field of vision, he was still looking at them, fingering the strap of his backpack absentmindedly. "I am sure. If you ever trusted me, Haymitch…" "How sure?" he asked. "A hundred percent sure." Her smile was soft but sad. "You only have to look at his eye. They're the very same as yours. And he's bright too. I couldn't tell you. You know I…" "Who's the mother?" he interrupted, still not willing to look at anyone but her. He couldn't. He couldn't face reality yet. Six years old… He tried to remember but his mind drew a blank. Six years ago had been a particularly bad year and he had been drowning his sorrow and his pathetic life in liquor even more than usual. He had slept around more than he usually did too. It was well before he and Effie had tacitly become exclusive, she had her own fair share of affairs at that point. She couldn't be the mother however, he would have known. She was working full time when the Games were in session, she never called anyone, she never went anywhere that wasn't a party or some sponsors related meetings… And she could never have hidden something like that. None of the escorts had a child or a husband. None. Getting pregnant was a sure way to get fired. Haymitch would have known. One of Effie's closest friends, perhaps. He was sure he had slept with at least three or four of them… "The mother…" Effie frowned. Her eyes wandered to the child, when they got back to meet his, they were hard and resolute. "I can't tell you right now. It's probably best if you don't know anyway… Just know I trust her and I am sure he is yours." "I'm terribly sorry to intrude but could you, perhaps, discuss this later?" Plutarch winced. "You realize we do have a rebellion on our hands, do you?" "Yeah… Yeah…" Haymitch felt numb. Maybe he was in shock, maybe he was in full denial, he wasn't quite sure but he still waved to the car. Katniss and Peeta, he forced himself to think. Katniss and Peeta had to come first, he could have a meltdown later. "Grab the kid and let's go." "I'm not coming." Effie said quietly and Haymitch could have sworn he heard Plutarch sighed in despair over the time they were wasting. "Don't be stupid, sweetheart." he spat. "Of course, you're coming. Now get the damn boy and let's…" "Haymitch, I am not coming with you." She was serious and decided, he could tell. She was so damn stubborn, it would be a pain to change her mind. The best solution probably would have been to knock her off and forced her in that car but… "I have to protect my family. My mother and my sister, they… They will go after them if I leave with you, you know that. I will try to get us out of the Capitol, I will try to join you in Thirteen." Her blue eyes were begging him to understand and the worst thing was that he could. "You won't make it." Plutarch argued. "Effie, you need to understand, your best chance is to hop on the hovercraft with us." She looked at him and then back at Haymitch with such sorrow his heart ached. "I have to try." "If you don't come with us I can't protect you." Haymitch's voice was flat. The fight was already lost. He wouldn't keep her away from her family, she would hate him forever and she would never be able to live with herself if she abandoned them. He didn't want her to know the same guilt he carried every day. "They suspect enough about us, Effie. If they catch you, they will torture you. I won't be able to protect you." "I have to take my chances." She forced herself to smile one of those bubbly fake smiles he hated so much. "Don't concern yourself with me, I will be just fine. You already have Katniss and Peeta to worry about. Save them both." Her joyful mask shattered then when she looked back at the boy patiently waiting a few feet away. "And you will have to take care of your son. I want you to swear it. I need you to keep him safe whatever happens. I need to be sure I can trust you with him." She meant to leave the kid with him, that wasn't good. Not that he would have let her go anywhere in the Capitol with a child of his. If Snow ever got a hold on the boy… But if the mother had been clever enough to keep the kid away from him for so long, she probably had been clever enough to make sure nobody knew. It would be best to send him back to his mother and pretend nothing had happened at all… "You can't trust me with a kid." he growled. "You…" "I don't have another choice." Effie snapped. "And neither do you. You are bringing him with you and you are going to protect him. It isn't up for debate." "Haymitch." Plutarch warned, tapping on his watch. Effie turned around before he could add anything else and gestured the child over. The boy ran straight to her and hugged her legs. He clung to her even when he lifted his head to look at Haymitch with grey eyes that were, indeed, identical to his. There was no trace of fear or curiosity on the boy's face, though, it was like he knew perfectly well who Haymitch was. Effie crouched again before Haymitch could ask any more questions. "Do you remember what Mommy explained, sweetie?" The boy nodded and Haymitch was taken aback by the tone of voice she was using, he had never heard her speak like that. It was soft and tender. A nasty suspicion rose its ugly head in his mind but he brushed it away. She couldn't be the boy's mother and if she was, she would have said as much. The time for secret had passed. How long had she known? He wanted to get angry, he wanted to be furious, but he could only feel numb. It didn't make any sense. None of it did. "Alright." she