Hi there everyone! So I had this idea for a while. I hope you will like it. =) I should say that while this follows a movie pattern of having Effie in 13, I don't really subscribe to 13 as described in the movie so it's more Effie in book!13 but that should be clear in the story itself ;) I might do a second chapter for this with Haymitch's pov but I'm not sure how soon it will come out so I'm marking this as complete. Warning for smut. I hope you enjoy it! Please do let me know! A Ghost From The Past It was chaos and Effie was doing her best not to be scared but it wasn't really a success. She trotted on her heels to remain next to Haymitch while he gave directions to the medical teams taking away the gurneys with Beetee, Finnick and Kaniss, unwilling to be left behind to fend for herself. Thirteen didn't look any more welcoming that she had expected it to be. The hovercraft had landed in an underground compound and already, she felt a need for fresh air, wind on her face and sun licking at her skin. The bright neon lights were harsh, the walls, cemented floor and ceiling were the same uniform grey as the people's garbs. The men and women running around them in a tidy and efficient fashion were all closed-faces, scowls and as plain as could be. Effie felt sick and Haymitch wasn't looking back to make sure she was following, he was walking next to Katniss' gurney, explaining what he could to the doctor who was nodding his head. She grabbed the back of his shirt like a child just to be sure she wouldn't lose him in the surrounding chaos. Then new soldiers appeared, one of them introduced himself as Boggs and said Haymitch and Plutarch were needed in Command. He also said other soldiers would take her somewhere she could get more presentable and that irritated her. She was presentable, they weren't. "I'm staying with Haymitch." she declared petulantly, making sure her voice wouldn't shake. "Don't take this the wrong way." Boggs replied. "But you're a Capitol escort and I would advise against stirring trouble." Heads turned, people stared. The looks of curiosity people were throwing at her ever since she had stepped down of the hovercraft turned into contempt and hatred. She stepped closer to Haymitch. "She's staying with me until I had a chat with your President about her." her victor retorted. "Plutarch assured me immunity for her." "She has political refugee status." Boggs countered. "That's not immunity and that's not acceptable." Haymitch glared. "She's the Mockingjay's escort. Concessions have to be made." "I'm sure we will be able to talk the misunderstanding out with President Coin." Plutarch cut in. Boggs didn't look pleased but he shrugged and they were all moving. If the hovercrafts compound was bad, the rest of the District was worse. The corridors weren't spacious enough and made her feel even more claustrophobic. Every ten steps, their group had to stop to let somebody pass them by with a cleaning trolley. They met several people along the way. Thirteen's citizens seemed curious to see the newcomers and more than one of them gawked at her. She held her head high and kept her eyes straight ahead, not willing to give them the satisfaction of being embarrassed or ill-at-ease. The dress she was wearing was a creation from Portia, the wig was her token and the rest was fashion. They had stepped out of the second elevator they had to take and were moving up some corridor again when she saw her. Unlike the other citizen, this woman didn't look eager to see her or her attire. She kept her eyes only on Haymitch as they approached and she started nervously fumbling with the hem of her grey shirt way before they even reach her. She dismissed her as a fan. He had few of those but he certainly had some and, certainly, even in this remote place, they could watch Games... She didn't think anything of it when they passed her by and she whispered an almost disappointed "Haymitch.". Just a fan calling her favorite victor's name. Nothing else. Until Haymitch froze. Effie could tell at the way he blinked suddenly that he hadn't even been paying attention to his surroundings. He did that a lot, often automatically following in her footsteps while he pondered some other problems. His eyes fell on the woman and his breath audibly caught in his throat. His cheeks lost color and, for a second, she was scared he was going to faint. He looked like he had seen a ghost. Boggs and Plutarch, who had been talking, only realized Haymitch and Effie had stopped walking a few feet ahead and stopped too to see what the interruption was about. "Is anything the matter?" Plutarch called out. He was thoroughly ignored. "Haymitch." the woman repeated, her grey eyes bright with unshed tears. She wasn't pretty, Effie decided, and not only because of the plain District look. Her features were sharp, her nose too thin and the full mouth and straight black hair weren't completely compensating for that. Her eyes were a sparkling grey though and they were striking enough to help forget the burn scar visible on her neck. It was perhaps nasty but Effie's first thought was : didn't they have scarves to hide that in this District? Haymitch was still frozen in shock, his eyes wide. The woman reached out as if to touch him and he abruptly stepped back and grabbed Effie's wrist. "Is she real?" he whispered, tightening his hold on her to the point she winced. "Effie, do you see her?" "Of course I see her!" she snapped, trying to pry his fingers away. His hands were shaking but she couldn't tell if it was because of the woman or if he was feeling the effects of withdrawal. They had been shaking for a while now, almost half the hovercraft ride. "You can't. She's dead." he spat. "She's dead." Effie rolled her eyes. "Obviously not since she's standing right here. And don't talk about someone who is standing in front of you in third person, Haymitch. How many time will I have to remind you that it is very rude." She didn't manage to get free of his grip so she let it go and turned to the woman, ready to smooth any ruffled feathers like always. "I do apologize for this. We had quite the adventure today but why don't you leave your name to one of those soldiers and I will make sure a signed picture will be sent to you. Unfortunately, we do not have a lot of time for fans meeting right now. " "Shut up, Effie." Haymitch said. There was a characteristic growl in his voice that meant he was about to get very, very angry – which was very unfair because she was just trying to do her job still. The woman was watching her with open disgust and her grey eyes kept going from Haymitch's face to the hand coiled around her wrist. "Haymitch!" Plutarch insisted. Again, he went ignored. "Are you sure, she's real?" he asked her, squeezing her wrist. She opened her mouth to tell him again that the woman was very much real but the District citizen was quicker. "I'm real." the woman said. "I'm real. Haymitch..." Her voice broke in a sob and then, before anyone could do anything, she tossed her arms around Haymitch's neck. Effie felt his whole body tense and she looked around, searching for help. This was assault. Fans could be crazy sometimes. But Plutarch and Boggs didn't seem in a hurry to come to their rescue, they were waiting patiently for Haymitch to be done. It seemed to last forever. At first Haymitch did nothing at all and the woman just hung from his neck and then, so painfully slow it was almost hesitant, he placed his free hand at the small of her back. "Haymitch." the woman said again, her face in his neck. And just like that, he let go of Effie and the two of them were clutching at each other like two people trying not to drown. "Mabel..." she heard him whisper almost in awe. Plutarch tossed an inquisitive glance at Effie but she simply made a gesture of ignorance. The hug lasted for several minutes and only ended because the woman drew back and framed his face in her hands. For a terrible second, Effie thought she was going to kiss him. "Mabel." he murmured again. It almost sounded like a prayer and it made Effie very aggravated. She didn't like strange women pawing at him. Perhaps they only had an arrangement, occasional sex that wasn't so occasional anymore and no strings attached, but she still disliked it immensely when other people touched was she perceived as being hers. And Haymitch was very much hers . "I missed you so much." Mabel – since it was apparently her name – said. "How?" he asked, brushing the black hair away from her face in a gesture so tender it hurt Effie. Gentleness, coming from him, was so rare... He had only looked at her the way he was looking at that woman a handful of times. The memory of each was precious to her because she had felt special . Clearly, she hadn't been that special. "I woke up and the house was on fire." she explained, finally letting go of him to wipe the tears away from her cheeks. "My parents..." She shook her head. "I managed to get out. I sneaked away. I don't know I was in shock, I think. I saw that your house was burning too and I... I was scared, Haymitch, I ran away to the woods and then... I never stopped walking. Eventually, I stumbled upon a patrol from Thirteen and they brought me here." Haymitch's change in demeanor was subtle but Effie didn't miss it. "You were here all this time?" he frowned. "You were so close all this time and you couldn't let me know you were alive?" And here was the anger, Effie thought with some satisfaction. "I couldn't go back." Mabel shook her head. "Haymitch, I... I couldn't." "Haymitch?" Plutarch cut in again, a little more firmly. "Yeah." He waved the Gamemaker away. "Yeah." he repeated sternly. "I need to go." "You're going to Command, right?" Mabel said. "I will wait nearby. When you're done... We need to talk, Haymitch, we really do. I have so many things to tell you." "I bet you do." he spat. He stormed away, leaving Effie to smile awkwardly at the woman and mutter an excuse about his poor behavior before hurrying after him. "Who is she?" she asked, curious, once they had all started heading to Command again. Haymitch didn't answer at once. It was obvious he was in a foul mood. "My girl." he scowled eventually. It was Effie's turn to freeze. She remained stunned long enough that she had to almost run to catch up with the group. Her heart was racing with the implications of that new development. "But she's dead!" she exclaimed. "Obviously not so much." he snorted bitterly. Effie remained silent. She was well used to his dead girlfriend being placed on a pedestal. In his guilt, he had made her a saint. She had accepted years ago that she was competing with a ghost for his affection and that it was a losing fight. Except now the ghost was flesh and bones and the fight, she feared, was already lost. "I hate this place." she muttered under her breath as they reached a huge briefing room with see-through doors. It soon appeared clear the place hated her right back. President Coin was a cold woman who badly needed a hair