This was first a prompt about soulmates sharing memories through dreams but I had an idea and then couldn't shake it and so this was born. Also, this is for Ursula (100years-to-live) because… IT'S HER BIRTHDAY! So happy birthday! I gift you with soulmates, some angst, some pain, some steam and an impossible lengthy one shot! Enjoy my dear! This is very long and I chose to publish it as a one-shot rather than as a chaptered story not to break the flow but it requested a lot of work so if you read and like it, please consider leaving a review! It would make my day =) The title comes from Shakespeare's "The Tempest" and is a line from Caliban: "When I waked, I cried to dream again". I Cried To Dream Again It's difficult to differentiate souldreams from regular dreams. Until you meet your soulmate, souldreams are evanescent. They slip through your fingers, leaving behind only an impression, an imprint of sort. Much like regular dreams, there is no really remembering them. Haymitch doesn't care much about soulmates and souldreams. Most people never meet theirs and souldreams remain something that sometimes happens at night, a ghostly presence in one's life. He and his soulmate are rarely ever asleep at the same time, he thinks, because from as early as he can remember the souldreams are an occasional thing. On the rare times it happens, he keeps a fleeting impression of bright colors and an acute feeling of loneliness. He doesn't know what they get from him and he isn't particularly interested to find out. His world isn't made for dreaming – neither the soul nor the regular kind – when he isn't in school, he is scouring the woods for more food, trying to take care of his family like his father should have done. He's fifteen when he gets caught and is tied up to the post on the Square. He's fifteen when the whip lashes out and tears his skin hard enough that he cries out despite his best intentions of enduring the punishment like a man. The Peacekeeper is lenient because he likes him and his sass, Haymitch knows that, he gets off easy . That's what the healer says to his mother anyway. It doesn't feel like getting off easy. He spends days lying on his stomach in the small bedroom he shares with his brother, unable to do anything but dream . They come sometimes, the souldreams. It's the first time he takes comfort in them. He doesn't truly remember them but he knows they're happy. Colors is the word he uses to describe them to his brother whose own souldreams are barely starting to occur and are too confuse to be anything clear. Colors . He doesn't know what it means really, can't say what the souldreams are about or what happens in them… He thinks he sees her once but dreams aren't trustworthy. He knows she's a girl. He wakes up once day with the echo of a joyful girlish laugh in his head. He doesn't know what she looks like but he knows she dreams in colors . His own dreams are boring. Fear and dread and worry about the future, the mine he won't escape and the Reapings ahead. He wonders if she feels or sees any of that sometimes. He hopes not. If she dreams in colors, he dreams in grey and he doesn't want to taint her mind. He heard tales that once you met your soulmate, the souldreams becomes something different, something you share . He doesn't know if he believes it and he doesn't know anyone with a soulmate he could ask. Mabel isn't his soulmate but he loves her all the same. Enough to start including her in his careful planning of the future, enough to include her in his mad dash on the numerous times he fantasizes about fleeing Twelve for an undefined elsewhere where they wouldn't be slaves. And then he is reaped. He hides it for everyone's sake but he is terrified. There is a second of pure unblinking terror when his name echoes in the silent Square, the last one to be called, a terror three times stronger than the one that gripped his guts when he was caught with his bag full of dead squirrels and nuts that only grow in the woods. His name echoing in the Square equals to a death sentence. He walks to that stage in a state of numbness and remembers himself only when his eyes meet his brother's. He winks at Hayden and forces a spree in his steps, forces himself to act as if it doesn't mean he will leave for an elsewhere after all but one from which he will probably never come back. He hates everything in the Capitol from the gawking crowd to the escorts and the stylists. They force them in miner outfits and cake them with coal and send them out for everyone to laugh at them. He meet Maysilee's eyes on the cart and his jaw clenches in humiliation. She shrugs and shyly waves at the crowd. It is several minutes before he sees the wisdom of trying to charm people who could mean their survival and imitates her. The food is the only good thing in the Capitol as far as he's concerned and the waste makes him almost seething with fury. He doesn't talk to the other tributes from Twelve. Maysilee seems to always shadow him but Haymitch pretends he doesn't see. He isn't sure he wants an ally. He goes to Training, sticks to the survival stands for the first two days and then wanders to the knives and hand to hand combat instructors. He keeps a low profile, lets the Careers brag and the others either get cornered in fights or being provoked into revealing things. He keeps a low profile and he studies his opponents. He learns. It chills him to the bones to think he is learning their flaws so he can more easily kill them but the horror the thought inspires isn't strong enough to deter him. He longs for the nights. For the first time in his life, the souldreams come every day. He doesn't let himself linger about what it means, a part of him already made the time zone calculations, already figured out where his soulmate must likely be given the times the souldreams used to occur in Twelve and their regularity now. He pretends he didn't understand because otherwise he would have had to feel guilty for enjoying them. Nothing in the Capitol can be good. But the souldreams… He drowns in them. Every night he drowns in her colors and warmth and simple happiness and for a blissful couple of seconds when he opens his eyes in the morning he is calm and content. The souldreams become his safe place, a welcome haven in the horror. The night before the launch, he doesn't manage to go to sleep, not deeply enough to dream, and yet he tries so hard, desperate for a last taste of that girl he never met. He thinks it's probably better that way but he would have liked to thank her, Capitol or not, because unbeknown to her, she made his probable last days just a little bit easier. He's determined to win. He will try if it's the last thing he does. He has a family to go back to, a brother and a mother and a girl and he is too much of a survivor to lie down and let death reap him. He sees it in some other tributes. They're just that bit too slow to run to or away from the Cornucopia, they stand there and waits for death without really seeking it out. Or maybe they're dazzled by the beauty surrounding them. Haymitch runs. He runs and ducks and grabs what he needs from the Cornucopia, a bag and weapons, before fleeing the bloodbath. He heads to the woods out of reflex, a half-cooked plan of finding an exit in mind. It must end somewhere. It must . It's frightening how beautiful everything is. The plants, the flowers, even the dirt … It's dizzying and he doesn't think he will ever be able to trust anything that beautiful again. He can't afford to sleep. At best he falls into a light slumber. There are carnivorous golden squirrels and deadly butterflies that seem to operate a lot like tracker jacker bees… There are gorgeous flowers that swell and try to eat you if you get too close. Danger is everywhere. In a way, the arena is so bright and beautiful it reminds him of the souldreams. He keeps the mountain at his back and he walks. When he stumbles on the Careers, he's almost amazed he made it that far and this long without meeting anyone. They're trained but he's fast. He kills two before they can disarm him. The last one is stronger and Haymitch ends up on his back, a blade already biting his throat. Without Maysilee he would have been dead meat. It's easier with an ally in some ways but worse in others. They weren't friends before. He knows her from school but she's from town and a year or two behind him. Right now, she's his best friend in the world. Everything is upped and quickened, constant rushes of adrenaline, and he finds himself trusting Maysilee like he never trusted anyone before, not even Mabel. And he knows that for him to have any chance at winning, she will have to die. At least he can afford sleep now. He trusts her to keep watch and he can't go on much longer without proper rest. The souldream creeps upon him slowly but surely. It's not as bright as usual and the remnants of ghostly happiness he usually feels when he wakes up aren't there. He wonders if he infected her dreams with his own anguish, if maybe that's why she isn't as colorful as usual. He wins. He's in such a bad shape they pump him with drugs all day long. It's no natural sleep. No souldreams occur. By the time they pack him on a train back to Twelve, he's almost glad for it. Since the arena the world is dimmed, dull . He relishes in it. He doesn't think he has it in him to face bright colorful dangerous things. Of course, then he comes home to find three newly dug graves, a charred house and people who can't quite look at him in the eyes. There are no danger of colors invading his life ever again. He avoids sleeping at night, in part because he is scared of the dark and the ghosts lurking in this brand new empty house and in part to avoid the off chance of having a souldream. He sleeps in the morning or naps in the afternoon. He refuses to see the rare friends who seek him out. He barricades himself in the Victors' Village and spends his days thinking. Thinking doesn't agree with him anymore and he doesn't quite know how to be idle. He doesn't know what to do with the free time, with the holes in his life and with the crushing loneliness. The slope into alcoholism is a slow but steady one. It starts with the drink Chaff pushes in his hand at his Victory Tour and tumbles down into a glass every time his brain refuses to shut down. By the time the sixty-second Hunger Games roll around, he is somewhere at a bottle a day. It's not something he's proud of but it's something he advocates without shame. People like to see him as the joke of victors rather than the Quell victor and it suits him. Less attention. The list of people he killed or failed to save is growing every year, two more names he