Hi everyone ! And we are with a brand new hayffie story ! There are thirteen chapters in all and it should be updated on every Sunday. Thanks for Akachankami for the beta-reading! I hope you enjoy this first chapter! Memory Lane 1. The humming of the hovercraft's engine was barely audible. Her ears couldn't quite pick it up, she could only say it was there because of the small, almost undetectable, vibration under her feet. She had to focus to feel it. It meant the silence was total. From the moment the hovercraft had taken off in the Capitol, neither she nor her traveling companion had opened their mouth. She had been tempted to break the silence at some point, fill it with pointless chatter until it died. She feared stillness for some reason. She had remained mute because she wasn't sure what to talk about. She thought she might also fear empty small-talk. Her eyes fell on the red suitcase next to her right knee. She had insisted on her luggage staying with her, feeling the need to keep her meager possessions close. The case was well-worn, the red a little faded. She brushed her hand against the traveling tag hanging from the handle on top. Effie Trinket . She retraced the elegant cursives with her thumb, caressing the name. "We're here." She startled and looked up at her traveling companion, not without some mistrust. He was a plump man, elegant both in the way he dressed, talked and interacted with people but also in the way he moved, as if everything he did was going to be observed and analyzed. A showman , she would have concluded if it weren't for the businessman attitude he often displayed. The wispy white – or maybe pale blond – hair was carefully arranged on top of his head but couldn't quite hide the fact he would start going bald in a few years. He should wear a wig instead of trying to hide it , she thought. "Miss Trinket?" the man insisted, offering her his arm. Her distraction had been enough for the hovercraft to land without her notice, it seemed. She glanced through the window to find a meadow – or she thought it was a meadow, the grass was withered or maybe brand new, she didn't know. She stood up carefully, immediately closing her eyes against the vertigo. Her head was spinning but she soldiered on, grabbed her suitcase and reached for the man's arm. He was looking at her with something akin to sympathy but she simply figured – and not for the first time since he had showed up in her hospital room the day before – that he was simply impatient to get rid of her. She wanted to let go of the suitcase and press a hand against her head – to steady it or touch the gauze on her brow to make sure it wasn't all a dream, she wasn't sure – but he didn't give her time to do it. He was already steering her towards the hovercraft exit. "You will be able to rest in a very short moment, Miss." he said. "I assure you, you will be quite safe, here." She had no other choice but to trust him so she simply nodded, mindful not to move her head too much, and forced a bright smile on her lips. That part was easy – the smiles came easily, as if she was used to pretend being happy. After a whole day spent in a hospital room and a three hours long trip by hovercraft, the natural light of the autumn sun was blinding. She paused at the top of the exit ramp and let go of the man long enough to shield her eyes. "Plutarch!" a gruff voice barked, almost making her jump again. The voice belonged to a man who was clearly not pleased. She tut-tutted quietly at the state he was in : brown pants frayed and stained at the knees, a grey coat that had clearly seen better days, a tangled heap of dirty blond hair that had obviously been cut haphazardly around his chin, the thing covering half his face was a hybrid between a beard and stubble as if he had changed his mind halfway through shaving. The grey eyes, though, were bright and very much lively. "Don't start shouting just yet, Haymitch." Plutarch retorted, nudging Effie down the exit ramp of the hovercraft. "Effie!" a younger man cried in delight. She had barely put a foot back down on real solid ground that she was engulfed in a warm embrace. The young man had broad-shoulders, very defined muscles, tousled blond hair, a laughing smile and bright blue eyes. He seemed very pleased to see her – or at least she thought he was pleased to see her and not actively trying to suffocate her. "You're holding her too tight." a young woman grumbled, tapping on the man's shoulder. He released her with an apologizing smile but she didn't have time to ponder the thought. The young woman – grey eyes, an expression between a scowl and a sulk on her face, and a neat braid of dark hair falling on her shoulder – pulled her into a hug of her own. She smelled like pines and grand natural open space. It brought tears to Effie's eyes but she couldn't have said why. "You're hurt." the young woman frowned when she finally let go. Her fingers reached for the white dressing on her forehead but dropped halfway there. "Nothing serious." Effie offered, sounding a lot more reassuring than she felt. "Are you sure?" the young man insisted. "Plutarch said you were hit by a car. He didn't say you were hurt though." "I'm surprised the wig didn't cushion the fall." Haymitch snorted. "Wigs aren't in fashion anymore." she countered before she could think better of it. She glanced at Plutarch, uncertain, and he nodded discreetly. "Too bad for you." Haymitch scorned. "Haymitch." the youngest man said – she wanted to call him a boy but it made no sense – and there was a clear warning in his voice. "Yeah." Haymitch rolled his eyes. "You're staying with me, sweetheart. If you have a problem with that, you can hop back up in that hovercraft and deal with your own mess." The very idea of flying back to the Capitol sent her heart racing in her chest. Yet, she couldn't impose. "If my presence is inconvenient…" she ventured, looking at Plutarch in dismay. He had sworn she would have a place to stay in Twelve and if that wasn't true… "Don't be ridiculous." the young woman snapped. "And don't mind Haymitch, you know how he is." "Do I?" she whispered but she was ignored. Clearly, Haymitch was displeased with the whole arrangement. He rounded on Plutarch with narrowed eyes and jutted an accusatory finger in his chest. " Explain . You were more than fishy on the phone. You said it wasn't really an accident." Plutarch looked distinctly uncomfortable. "You accepted to take her in the time necessary to…" "She's part of our team. She can stay, that's not the problem." Haymitch cut in, waving her safety away with such carelessness Effie couldn't help but bite her bottom lip in concern. Haymitch went on, either not caring at how heartless he sounded or not caring about her feelings. "You said she wasn't the first one and the others were dead." She was glad for the protective arm the younger man wrapped around her shoulders. He, at least, seemed concerned about her well-being. The young woman looked stricken too. "You never told us that!" she gasped. "Because I don't have all the facts." Haymitch grumbled, glaring at Plutarch. " Spill ." Plutarch sighed and folded his arms in front of his chest. "You already know some former escorts and Gamemakers escaped the Purge, like me and Miss Trinket." "Nobody was going to put you on trial." the younger woman snorted, as if it was the best joke. Plutarch nodded at her with a conniving smile. " Quite . Others escaped Coin's Purge, be it through connections, money or because they had done things for the rebels at some point. There were four escorts left last year, Miss Trinket is the last one alive today. Two former stylists who worked for the Games were found dead and there was the small matter of the gas leak at the Presidential Mansion. It all looks like a series of accidents." "But it's not." Haymitch declared, looking resigned. "Who's behind it?" "A small group of Coin's loyalists, we think." Plutarch shrugged. "We have no real trail to speak of for now. We stopped their attempts at pirate broadcasting but couldn't locate them. Beetee is working on it as we speak." A dark cloud had settled on the group at the mention of Coin. Everything had been explained to Effie the day before, when she had woken up in her hospital room. She was lucky, they had said, it could have been much worse. The young man's arm fell off her shoulders and he reached for his girlfriend, entwining their fingers with a blank face. "Are the kids in danger?" Haymitch hissed. "If they're Coin's loyalists…" His grey eyes fell on the young woman and remained there long enough that Effie understood his real concern was for the girl. "I don't think they will go after victors for now." Plutarch shook his head, holding his hand up in a reassuring gesture. "I'm fairly confident they don't have the manpower. Everything points to a small group. They always chose easy targets. Nevertheless, Johanna is already in Four with Annie and I sent a small protection unit there this morning. I extended the same courtesy to Enobaria but she refused our help. As for you three…" "We don't need any strangers." the young woman was quick to argue. "We can look after ourselves." Effie watched as the three of them exchanged a look for the next several seconds. They seemed to be having a silent conversation of sort. "I wouldn't send strangers , Katniss." Plutarch rebuked the young woman gently. "Give me some credits. I will handpick the team myself." Katniss … Effie's headache was quickly getting worse and she shuffled on her feet, hoping to relieve the pressure building behind her eyes. "We will take the team." Haymitch said. Katniss started protesting loudly but he waved it away with a scowl. "Suck it up, sweetheart, it's not up for debate." He turned to Plutarch. "Victors' Village is full of empty houses, they can stay in one of them but make sure they know who they answer to." Plutarch nodded his assent. "What about you?" Katniss asked with a scowl of her own. She obviously wasn't pleased at Haymitch's decision, Effie surmised. "Aren't you in danger too?" "I have my bodyguards." Plutarch smiled, gesturing at the men in dark suits who had remained in the shadow of the hovercraft. "I'm too big a target." His amusement died quickly and he became serious once more as he turned to Haymitch. "I assure you I am certain they won't go after victors, that's why I wanted to leave Miss Trinket with you but if you think it's too big a risk…" "She's staying." Haymitch spat, glancing at her. His eyes roamed from the bottom of her shoes to the top of her head and she couldn't help a blush, a bit too conscious of what she looked like. The suitcase Plutarch had brought to the hospital contained neatly folded clothes and toilet products, she had chosen a dress at random, too out of sort to care at the time. The dress was yellow and too thin for Twelve, she would have been shivering if she hadn't been so utterly exhausted. As for her hair, she had tried to brush it but she was sure it looked