Disclaimer I own nothing etc. etc. So here's my Catching Fire AU about Haymitch going back to the arena instead of Peeta because I needed it and couldn't find one. :) Please keep in mind English is not my mothertongue so there might be a few mistakes here and there. Thanks a lot for Akachankami who beta read this and did wonderful banner you can see on my tumblr ellanainthetardis. I hope you like this! Somewhere a Clock is Ticking Part 1 : The Quarter Quell Announcement Effie's quietly humming, assessing the state of her favorite pink wig, she's supposed to watch the television but it fails to grasp her attention tonight. She has already seen every one of Katniss' dresses and the interview between Caesar Flickerman and Cinna doesn't really interest her. She's barely listening to their chit-chat, too busy wondering if she can afford another wig this month. She has seen one in a shop, down the main road, that caught her eye. It's golden, just like Katniss' pin and she thinks it would go nicely with most of her dresses but it's a little expensive and being an escort for District Twelve doesn't really pay that well. Oh, she had a raise after the last Games, of course, because she belongs to the victors team, but… life isn't actually cheap when you want beautiful things. She loves her flat, despite the fact that it's a little tinier than she would like. She made up for the size with the furnishing, only the best and the last fashion for her home. The walls are painted white because it gives the illusion that there is much more space than there actually is, she has a lovely shade of pink velvet sofa that is precisely the same color as the carpet in her bedroom – she does love pink – she has a big television and, of course, she recently had the last model of window set up. With that one, she only has to push a button to look out on a meadow or a forest or anywhere really… It was a little too expensive and she definitely shouldn't have because, now, she has to go for a whole month without buying any clothes or she will have to call her father and ask for money – which she hates to do. That means the golden wig is out of the question, she concludes, just as the first shot of Katniss appears on screen. The girl looks absolutely gorgeous in every dress she has tried, but Effie's absolute favorite is the ivory satin one. It's not the most sophisticated but sophisticated isn't really Katniss' style. The girl is too wild and too unpolished , she looks ill at ease in the more elaborate dresses. She discards the old wig and takes off her shoes when Caesar asks them to stay tuned for the next big event of the evening. She rubs the sole of her right foot, unable to quell the uneasiness that swirls in her stomach. She used to be excited when the time for the Games grew nearer but it's getting harder and harder every year to feel anything other than repulsion. She picks out the names of children who go to their death and she's not so sure it's such an honor anymore. She takes care of them, she helps them and then… She forces the faces of all the dead tributes out of her mind. She remembers them all, the children, but it doesn't help to dwell on that, so she pretends she doesn't. Panem anthem has just ended when she gives up on rubbing the pain away – damn shoes! But they are so pretty, they practically begged her to buy them even if they were really uncomfortable – she takes the glass of pink liquor she has poured herself earlier on and sips from it slowly. She doesn't usually drink alone – or at all – but tonight she's tired and she wishes she could have spent a little while longer in District Twelve instead of going there and back again in a single day. It had been exhausting to keep everyone on schedule the day before. On the television, President Snow rambles on and on about the origins of the Games and Effie wishes he would just hurry up because she would like to find something funnier to watch. He looks tired, she thinks, just as he begins to recall the previous Quarter Quell. She remembers that one well. It was Haymitch's year. She was only a girl at the time but she can remember rooting for him in a feast of defiance against her older sister who had only eyes for the tributes from District One and Two. Her sister had said he looked like a shabby underdog but Effie had never thought so. He had been sixteen when he had gone into the arena and he had been very appealing to her ten years old self. Shabby, yes. Scruffy, even. But he had something pure , something the others didn't have. She had actually been excited when she was told she would be working with him, the first time she had been appointed to Twelve as an escort. She had been quickly disillusioned, however. Haymitch Abernathy is insufferable. And yet, she wouldn't have it any other way. " And now we honor our third Quarter Quell ," says President Snow and she watches with attention, now, wondering what they will have to face this year. It will be better with Katniss and Peeta as mentors, together they will be able to keep Haymitch in check. This year, she will make sure he doesn't drink before the reaping because she's damned if she's going to do a repeat of last year. She's musing about possibly arriving earlier than usual, the day before perhaps, when President Snow finally opens the envelop marked with a 75. " On the seventy-fifth anniversary, as a reminder to the rebels that even the strongest among them cannot overcome the power of the Capitol, the male and female tributes will be reaped from their existing pool of victors." She doesn't understand at once what it means. She's still plotting several ways to prevent Haymitch of indulging in alcohol before the reaping when the words finally hit her. Existing pool of victors . The glass shatters when it slips from her numb fingers. "No!" she shrieks and the word seems to take up all the space in her flat. Suddenly there's not enough air to breathe and she can see fluttering black points dancing in front of her eyes. Caesar Flickerman is talking again now and she blindly feels around for the remote. She turns off the television but she isn't sure the abrupt silence isn't worse. It's too sharp and deafening and her breath is stuck in her throat. Existing pool of victors. How could they do that? How could they show Katniss in all those beautiful dresses and then… She feels sick all of a sudden. Katniss is going back to the games, it's a fact, but she won't go there alone and there won't be any berries this time. Only one of them has a chance of getting out of the games alive and Effie starts to cry right there. It's unfair. It's so, so unfair. Peeta and Katniss shouldn't have to go through that again, they already… That's when the insidious thought comes into her head. What if it isn't Peeta who goes with her? Existing pool of victors . She tries to stop weeping, tries to get up and put herself back together but all she manages to do is slip off the couch and sob a little more. It's not only sadness she feels. She's not only afraid for her friends. It's despair. Pure and plain despair. If it isn't Peeta… If she pulls out Haymitch's name on reaping day… She puts her fist in her mouth and bites in a hopeless attempt at keeping the panic at bay. She loves the children, it's awful enough to imagine them hurt or worse , but Haymitch? She can't lose Haymitch! She just can't. She won't be able to handle the games without him. They bicker and they mock each other and they do their best to annoy each other to death, but they're friends . They've been friends for years, now. She can't lose him. Just the thought of seeing him running for his life for the amusement of faceless crowds make her so angry . She doesn't want him in the fray. If Katniss and Peeta have to fight for their lives, she wants him to be next to her and to hold her hand just like he did last year, when Katniss presented Peeta with a handful of poisoned berries. She knows he didn't even realize he was reaching for her at that moment but it had meant the world to her. He had held her hand tightly in his, muttering how the girl was completely mad, and she doesn't know if he was more afraid or excited. For her, that moment had been exhilarating, and not only because of what was happening of the screen. She loved the way her hand felt in his. She loves the way he always makes sure she's okay, even if he pretends he doesn't care. She loves the way his eyes trail on her when she wears red, he loves her in red, she knows because he told her once, when he was too drunk to remember it. She loves how he doesn't think she's stupid, even when he implies the opposite. She loves how, during Victory Tour, he got angry every time a Peacekeeper has gotten a little too rough with her. And her heart aches for him, most of the time, even when she's fuming against him for a reason or another, because he's a little bit broken and he doesn't deserve it. He can't go back to the arena. She knows, with a definite kind of certainty, that it will kill him even if he manages to win. And she can't bear the idea. She can't bear the idea of him in that place with all those people trying to kill him, with Katniss trying to kill him. Katniss would. Effie knows she would. She's a pragmatic kind of girl and she has Peeta to go back to. Who does Haymitch have? Her, he has her . She crawls more than she walks to the window frame that take up an entire wall of the small living-room and tries to breathe. In and out, she tells herself, in and out. But it doesn't work. She can't stop crying, piercing sobs that leave her hunched over and unable to think properly. She's terrified and she feels lonely and she aches for a hand in hers, for arms around her, for the smell of whiskey and after-shave. Carefully, she brings her legs against her chest and hugs herself. If she closes her eyes, she can pretend it's him, even if he had never held her that way. She's good at pretending. Slowly, the tears stop, leaving her exhausted and no less scared. She will be the one to draw out the name… If she pull out his… The remote must have fallen from the couch with her because it's just in her reach, barely but it is. She grabs it and fumbles with the various buttons for a while but, in the end, she wins and instead of one of the Capitol busy streets, she finds herself facing a meadow, just like the one in District Twelve. She wonders where they are right now, what they are doing… Are they together? Are they already thinking in terms of enemies? Will Katniss and Peeta turn against Haymitch? She doesn't think they will. They're children, only children… And yet it must be them. It must