Disclaimer : I own nothing, blablabla AN : Sooooo, this is a zombie AU because of reasons involving me and a current obsession for zombies, also hayffie and zombies… I am super nervous about this story, I tried to stay in character as much as possible and to find parallels with HG situations as much as I could. I hope everyone enjoys the ride… I will try to update on every Saturday. As a side note, I should mention that I'm rating this M for ulterior chapters (and ok, I'm not sure it deserves to be rated M so I might eventually lower the rating) and that even though it will focus mainly on hayffie, there will be some side pairings involving Annie/Finnick and Peeta/Katniss. =) As always, thanks to Akachankami who made this more English. Also, if you checked her tumblr (akachankami and tumblr as key words on google will get you straight home) you will find an amazing photoset for this very story. ;) It's The Apocalypse, Sweetheart 1. There was a definite upside to a zombie apocalypse : the roads were clear. Well… The roads that weren't cluttered with dead people, abandoned cars and half-eaten bodies, at least. Anyway, Haymitch could drive as fast as he wanted without any danger of hitting another car. Not that crashing his truck was out of the equation… He was drunk enough that his reflexes were starting to become sluggish but not drunk enough that his common sense forced him to stop the car and sleep it off. He couldn't afford the luxury of getting that wasted. Downside to a zombie apocalypse? – aside for the flesh-eating hordes of zombies that wanted a nice bite of you, that was – Booze was damn hard to find. He took a swing of the bottle of cheap whiskey he had unearthed in a Walmart somewhere in the last state he had driven across, wondering how long he could make his stock last. The back seat was full of guns, ammunitions and bottles of alcohol, the truck was full of gas cans – not the safest way to do things but Haymitch didn't particularly care. An apocalypse wasn't enough to stop the nightmares and, without alcohol to dull them, his night terrors were unbearable. He couldn't even remember the last time he managed to actually rest for a few hours instead of thrashing, turning and screaming in his sleep. He swallowed more whiskey, welcoming the familiar burn in his throat and speeded up a bit, pretending for a few second he could actually leave the past behind. There wasn't much to see around him. The road was a typical countryside road, a straight line that seemed to go on forever, fields on either side, blue sky ahead, bright sun over his head… If it hadn't been for the dead cows on the left and the withering crops on the right, you could have thought nothing had changed. The last mouthful of whiskey had been one too many. His sight was becoming blurry and the high speed was starting to make his stomach churn, he slowed down a bit to avoid losing control of the car and ending up hitting a rotten cow corpse. That would be hell to clean up. He slowed down even more when twinkling spots appeared in the middle of his range of vision. That was new. Whiskey had never done that to him before. Maybe he was having a stroke. Maybe he would finally die there, on a deserted road leading to nowhere of all places. But no… Fate wasn't kind with Haymitch Abernathy and if Death was an old friend, He certainly wasn't in any hurry to reap him. He wasn't having a stroke, there was something in the middle of the road reflecting the sun. It was blinding but small and he could perfectly see it from far away. Well… He could see the blinding thing but it wasn't until he was a few feet away that he saw what the blinding thing was or, rather, who was wearing the blinding thing. A zombie clad in a golden sequin dress – if you could call a dress something that barely covered anything – walking in the middle of the road. A shame too. Endless legs, slender neck… She probably had been beautiful. He slowed down more. Should he bypass her or run her over, he wondered? Running her over would probably damage the car but, at least, it might kill her and, as far as he was concerned, a dead zombie was a good zombie – a dead er zombie anyway. Running her over it was. But the moment he speeded up again, she turned around and looked straight at him. He crushed the brakes before he could even think twice about it, heart racing in his chest. Zombies didn't have eyes that widened in fright, they didn't have high heels dangling in their right hands, and, above all, they didn't look as alive as this woman did. For a second, he was afraid he had reacted too slowly. The tires screeched on the asphalt, smoke raised above the car and the sickening smell of burned rubber spread all around. However, when the smoke cleared, she was still standing in the middle of the road, still blinding him with her stupid dress, and worse, she had the nerve to look angry. Haymitch immediately got mad. "What the hell, lady!" he shouted, forgetting she probably couldn't hear him with his windows closed. She went around the hood and pulled the passenger side door open. "You nearly ran me over!" High-pitched voice. Never a good sign. All irritating women had an high-pitched voice. Not to mention dark blond hair pinned high on her head in a sophisticated bun that left some strands free to curl around her face, her blue eyes sparkling in anger, the heavy make-up and the body-to-die-for the dress was so nicely revealing. Gorgeous woman with a high-pitched voice… She was obviously a pain in the ass. Her face, for whatever reason, seemed familiar but he was positive he had never seen her in his life. He never forgot a face. "Sorry, sweetheart, I thought you were a zombie." he snorted. "'Should have seen you were a clown." Her eyes narrowed. If glares could kill… "You, sir, are very rude." she huffed and folded her arms on her chest in what was probably supposed to be a stern attitude. He had half a mind to tell her she should think twice about doing that in that kind of dress. It made for a pretty sight but not really for the severity she was obviously aiming for. "Sure thing." he shrugged. "That will be a nice story for the next car that you blind into crashing. That is if zombies don't get you first." Because, with that dress? She was a bloody moving target with flashing arrows pointing at her. She clutched the passenger door handle in her hand with a frown. "There is no need for sarcasm." She threw her heels on the bench sit, climbed in the car before slamming the door shut and buckled her seatbelt. "There. You can go now." she added helpfully. Haymitch who, he realized, was gaping, snapped his jaw shut and stared at her with his most intimidating glare. She remained absolutely oblivious. "Which way are you going?" she asked, chewing on her lower lip thoughtfully. "I think I should head for D.C. It's the sensible thing to do." Sensible? Sensible for people with a death wish! "Sweetheart, you go where you bloody want to go but you get out of my truck right now." he snapped. "What do you mean?" She looked at him in obvious confusion. "Oh, do you think the tires are damaged? I know nothing about cars you should have a look yourself." He blinked at her, wondering if she was for real. And because he was a pragmatic man he asked : "Are you for real?" She couldn't be. Surely it was a ploy. She would wait until he was out of the car before stealing it and probably running him over in a spiteful act of revenge. "I assure you I am." She smiled. It was just as every bit blinding as her dress. "Effie Trinket in flesh and bones! I know you must be a little overwhelmed, most fans are when they meet me, but…" "Fans?" he cut her off. He had the feeling she was the kind of girl to chatter on and on about silly things. And she didn't make any sense. "Aren't you?" Her brow furrowed. Haymitch turned sideways a bit, to face her properly, all the while wondering why he didn't just push her out of the car. "Can't say I am." he snorted. "You're too cheerful for my taste and you look like a clown." "I don't look like a clown, I look like a trapeze artist. I was in the middle of a photoshoot, if you please." Her face crumpled a bit and all the cheerfulness that, he was beginning to suspect, had been faked seemed to slip away for a second. "It all happened so quickly…" "Zombies?" His hands slowly slid to the gun he was keeping tucked in the waistband of his pants. "We were shooting in the middle of a field and…" She swallowed with some difficulties and looked away. "I thought it was a joke at first or a candid camera for some show… They love making fun of celebrities but then… Then that guy bit Portia and…" He didn't let himself feel sympathetic. You didn't make friends during a zombie apocalypse, it should be the first rule if someone ever did a guide on how to survive that kind of things. Awful things happened to a lot of good people every day, apocalypses had nothing to do with that. Don't make friends, period, and you would be okay, that had been Haymitch's motto ever since… "Did you get bitten? Scratched? Are you hurt anywhere?" She shook her head and avoided his eyes, worrying her hands in her lap. "I ran." she confessed, obviously ashamed. "I ran and I didn't look back." Her jaw clenched and then she looked at him again with a smile. Fake but convincing. She was good at acting, that one. "Thank you for your concern, though." "I'm not concerned, sweetheart, not for you anyway." He looked her over again. She didn't appear to be lying. He didn't know where she could hide a bit or a scratch, almost every inch of her creamy skin was on display. It was reddish in some spot, probably because she had been walking under the sun for some time, but he couldn't see any wound. Not on her legs, nor on her arms or shoulders. "You're sure you didn't get bitten or scratched? It's better to tell me, I can give you a clean death. A shot in the head and you're good. If you've been infected, it won't be pretty." Her lips wobbled, he was afraid she would start crying. He didn't want to deal with a crying woman. "I'm… I'm not, I swear!" she argued, showing her arms in proof of good faith. "They're… slow. It was easy to outrun them." He lifted an eyebrow and nodded at the shoes serving as shield between them on the bench sit. "In those things?" "I'm practically born in high heels." the stranger sighed, before shrugging. "They say jogging every morning can save your life, I guess they are right. I'm good at running." Haymitch moved his hand away from the gun. She hadn't even noticed. How clueless was she? She wouldn't last a day out there. "Good for you, now get out of my car." And there was that angry pout again. "You can't be serious!" she exclaimed. "You wouldn't let me on the side of the road, it would be… barbaric !