Oookay, here you have a massive hayffie Christmas story so I hope you like it because it's long and it required a lot of work. It's a little Effie!centric maybe but… Well. ^^ Please if you read and like, do let me know what you think. Merry Christmas! Wishing On A Golden Star 1 At eight years old, Effie's favorite holiday was Christmas. She loved it more than she loved Halloween or the Games season. The Capitol was dressed for the occasion, the city was always full of blinding twinkling lights and of so many colors it sometimes made her little head spin. She loved the huge tree that seemed to reach the sky on Main Square, she loved the daily Christmas parade in the City Circle, she loved the songs, she loved how joyful people looked when they dashed in and out of stores with their arms full of presents for their loved ones… She loved her own home – something she confusedly felt shouldn't happen only around Christmas but it was hard to remember to love it the rest of the year. For Christmas, the house was decorated, as if the colors from outside were slipping inside, contaminating her mother's sterilized idea of what proper decoration should be. There were tinsels everywhere, pine cones and beautiful snowflakes made out of glass… The tree was big and dotted with bright red and gold baubles… A growing sea of presents were piled underneath and there was a sparkling golden star on top of it. Effie desperately wanted to be like that star one day. It looked peaceful and happy over there, far from the people walking bellow – and everyone loved stars. The knowledge that the amount of presents would have grown when she came home was satisfying and she was happy, completely carefree, wishing she could saunter and run around in sheer joy but knowing ladies would never indulge in such a childish displays. Instead of sauntering and running, she walked with her head high and a bright smile on her face, holding tight to her grandfather's gloved hand as they strolled through the Capitol's streets. She loved outings with her grandfather Timotheo. He was a funny man and her mother often commented that she wished he would behave a little more properly but Effie didn't mind the lapses in manners. It was rather constraining to be a perfect lady all the time and she wasn't as good as her sister Lyssa was at it. She wished she could be more like her grandfather sometimes and come down to breakfast in pajamas if she wanted to. But that was a secret she would never ever confide in her mother. Her mother would lecture and lecture… Ladies didn't have lazy days. Ladies ought to be perfect all the time. Ladies didn't let anyone see them without wigs and make-up because ladies simply couldn't afford not to be beautiful. Those were important rules to Elindra Trinket and her daughters lived by them. "I have a surprise for you, my little princess…" Timotheo declared as they crossed the street toward the biggest park in town. She loved the nickname. It was a special nickname just for her. She was her grandfather's little princess and Lyssa was his little dove. It was special and precious and she knew Lyssa loved it just as much as she did. "Is it a new doll?" she asked, looking at him with bright blue eyes. She blinked several times, trying to adjust to the still unfamiliar weight of the fake eyelashes. She had only been wearing them for a couple of weeks and she was glad to finally be granted the right to imitate Lyssa and their mother but they were more inconvenient than she had thought. "Don't you have enough dolls?" Timotheo teased gently. "One has never enough guests to a party." she recited dutifully. A flash of annoyance passed over her grandfather's face but it was quickly replaced by fondness before she could ask what she had done wrong. "Dolls are made to play with, Euphemia, not to train to host parties." he said. "In any case, it is not a toy." "Is it a new dress?" she tried to guess, as they passed the huge metallic arch that marked the entrance to the park. Greenery immediately replaced the more familiar towering shape of buildings and it made Effie nervous, just like every time. She wasn't sure she liked plants, not when there were so many that were taller than her and when they were everywhere and could probably swallow her whole. " Oh ! Are we going to the zoo?" She pointed at the directions board even though she didn't need to. She had been in the park often enough that she could probably navigate it on her own despite its size. The zoo was on the left and the botanic garden was straight ahead. "Not today." he grinned. "It is much better. Something you never did before." That was exciting and she had to watch herself closely not to bounce on her feet in her enthusiasm. She chatted happily while her grandfather led her through cleanly traced paths in the park. She talked all the while and, unlike her mother, Timotheo didn't chide her for it. He listened to her babble seriously and offered opinions. At some point, they stopped next to the frozen pond and Effie forgot to keep talking to watch the people gliding on the ice. There were several groups of friends laughing and stumbling, picking each other up and obviously having a lot of fun but her eyes were, as always, attracted to the more graceful skaters, those who seemed to belong there. There was a woman who made jumps and twirls and Effie would have gape if it hadn't been so unladylike. "What do you say, my little princess?" her grandfather nudged her gently. She furrowed her brown, confused. "Are we going to watch? Is it the surprise?" It wasn't the best surprise ever but she didn't mind. She liked watching people skating on the frozen pond. Her mother never wanted to stop when they strolled by and Lyssa had no interest for the activity so Effie was often left to trail after them, craning her neck to catch a glimpse. "We are going to skate." Timotheo corrected. " That 's my surprise." Effie blinked and then immediately chewed on her bottom lip – a habit Elindra had unsuccessfully been trying to break her out of since forever – looking at the frozen water with envy. "I can't, Grandfather." she whispered regretfully. "Mother will be mad. Ladies don't make a spectacle of themselves like that. It is not glamorous ." She butchered the pronunciation of that word, she thought, but she didn't care. Her little heart was crushed. "We won't tell your mother." he countered. "This will be our secret." She bit on her bottom lip harder. Temptation was too strong. "Isn't it like a lie? It is bad form to lie although Mother says a lady sometimes has to. She says ladies have to be desirable at all costs and so we can lie if it's for that." Another flash on annoyance passed on her grandfather's face. "Well, then. Here you have it, Effie. A tiny lie won't hurt." he shrugged. Shrugging was rude but Effie didn't remind him. She nodded eagerly with a smile so wide it almost hurt. In a matter of minutes, Timotheo had rented skates for both of them and Effie took her first tentative step on the ice. She fell on her bottom before thirty seconds had passed. Instead of crying, she laughed. Her grandfather taught her everything he knew and when they called it quit, after two hours, she could skate by herself. She was nowhere near ready to twirl and jump like the pretty lady was doing but, at least, she wasn't at risk of falling every two seconds. He bought her a cup of hot cocoa with whipped cream on top and they sat on a bench to watch the other skaters. She knew it was getting late because the light was decreasing and the street lights were switching on. She also knew her mother would be mad if they were late for dinner but she thought she would be mad anyway because it was too late and Effie wouldn't have time to change and so she would have to appear to dinner in her outing dress instead of in one of her evening dresses. She carefully spooned the whipped cream before it melted. It was a race against time and she loved it. "Did you bring Lyssa here yesterday, Grandfather?" she asked, once the cream was all gone. The question was bothering her. Her grandfather was always fair with them, if he took Lyssa out one day, he would offer an outing to Effie the next. Sometimes they both went at the same time, he brought them to the circus or to the zoo, but she and Lyssandra didn't like the same things anymore and Lyssa tended to consider her a baby because she was now ten and allowed to wear heels when Effie was still in flat shinny shoes. "No." he chuckled. "She would have hated it. I took her to a fashion show. Didn't she tell you?" She started bouncing her legs under the bench but caught herself and crossed them at the ankles, as was proper. "I think she told Mother when she was brushing her hair. I heard them laugh from my room. Lyssa wants to be a model when she's all grown up. Mother says she doesn't have to wait that long." "What do you want to do?" he asked. Answering the golden star at the top of the tree felt too childish so she settled for her usual choice. "A princess." "You will need a prince for that, then." Timotheo teased with a fond smile. "Like in fairytales?" she grinned but her grin faded and she took a sip of her chocolate. "Fairytales don't exist though. People don't love like that." A little boy and a little girl ran past their bench, laughing hard as they chased each other, and Effie was torn between disapproving their behavior and envying them. She couldn't remember the last time she ran. She shouldn't want to run. It wasn't ladylike. She was certain Lyssa never had to fight the impulse to run. "I loved your grandmother like that." Timotheo objected softly, his gaze lost in a faraway past. "Did you know my father didn't want me to marry her?" She shook her head, leaning in with interest to better hear the story. Her grandmother was hardly more to her than a face on the glossy paper of a photograph, she had never known her. "She wasn't from the same social circle. Well… It was another time, another world . The Games didn't exist yet and the war…" He waved that off. "You don't need to know about all this. Not yet in any case. You just need to know I loved her more than anything and I gave up everything to be with her so I can attest that real love does exist." She didn't understand everything and she thought maybe it was just a story. Another world, one without Games, didn't make sense to her. "Does Mother love Father like that?" she asked, already knowing the answer to that question. Timotheo was careful to keep his disapprobation out of his voice but she heard it anyway. She didn't understand why her grandfather and her mother seemed to be so at odds. She thought it was because he always acted so aloof but she wasn't sure. "Your mother was always ambitious. She had big dreams and she realized most of them." he replied. "I gave up on my inheritance for your grandmother and your mother never understood that. Poverty didn't suit her, so money was one