Disclaimer : Nothing belongs to me, etc. So, this takes place post MJ, I hope you like it :) As usual, thanks to Akachankami for the beta! Kicking The Odds Haymitch was contemplating the idea of going to bed. Night had fallen a while ago, rain was softly trickling down the window and the cracking of the logs in the fireplace was slowly lulling him to sleep. His bottle of liquor was already half-empty but that didn't keep the nightmares at bay anymore. Alcohol had long stopped being of any comfort or use. It took too long and too many bottles to get drunk and passing out in the middle of his living-room didn't bring any sort of rest. He made the transparent liquor twirl in his glass thoughtfully, wondering why he even bothered. Oh, he knew why, of course. Drinking was something to do. He had started again after the rebellion, he had tried to drown everything in alcohol like he had always done before but that hadn't worked out. He could never forget. The dead friends, the betrayals, the disappointments… Victory came at a sharp price like it always did. He had slowed down the drinking a few months after coming back to Twelve because Katniss and Peeta needed taking care of. That was something to do. Because that was also why he drank so much: the rebellion had given him a part to play but now that it was over, he was lacking a purpose. So, drinking was good. Drinking helped to keep the boredom away, it wasted hours and it made time fly faster. It also helped him not to think . Thinking was bad, especially at night like he was prone to do. Thinking led to revisiting regrets and regrets led to such deep moments of self-loathing he couldn't stand his own presence. Yeah, thinking was bad and maybe he shouldn't go to bed just yet, maybe he should drink a bit more, even if he didn't particularly enjoy it, because he didn't want to think that night. It was futile, of course, he was always thinking. The geese started to honk like crazy before he could contemplate the idea of drinking another glass and he put that one down with a sigh. Katniss or Peeta, maybe both… Katniss was good at dealing with Peeta's episodes but they were still frequent and he could become violent sometimes. Peeta was strong, she couldn't always handle him on her own. And, of course, there were Katniss' nightmares and panic attacks that left her convinced she was back in the arena or in the war and she would run to Peeta's or to his house, seemingly at random. He was halfway to the kitchen when the knocks rang out through the silent house. He backtracked to the front door with a frown. The kids always used the backdoor, even when they were lost in their nightmarish imagination, and they certainly didn't knock. His predominant feeling when he opened the door was curiosity – not dread or anxiety, two things most people would feel when strangers hammered at their door in the dead of night – but curiosity. Truly, he would have welcomed anything that could break the routine his life had become. Curiosity morphed into astonishment when he opened the door. He'd have expected everything but the woman standing on his porch, blond hair plastered to her head by the rain, face devoid of all make-up, clad into an oversized white coat and clutching a huge brown bag to her chest like a lifeline. Grey eyes met blue ones in pure shock. He wondered foolishly if thinking about regrets had conjured her up out of thin air. He wondered if he had fallen asleep on his couch and if the whole thing was a dream. He wondered if a dream could make him ache that much. "Hello, Haymitch." she said softly, in her familiar Capitol accent. He stayed silent, she averted her eyes. A voice in the back of his mind instructed him to step aside and let her in because the rain was pouring hard and she was soaked to the bone but he couldn't move. He was transfixed by the sight of Effie Trinket, standing in front of his house like she had vowed to never do. Regret, he thought, didn't really cover it. "I should have called first, of course." she cleared her voice. "That's terribly rude of me, but…" She swallowed, and stared at the floor, clinging to her bag a little tighter. "I wasn't sure I would be welcomed and…" "I told you you could come whenever." he cut her off before he could think of anything better to say. The 'you turned me down' was implied and she cringed slightly. It had been two years since the last time he had seen her, they hadn't parted on good terms. She had been so… angry after the rebellion. Angry at Plutarch, angry at Finnick and every victor she had once called friend and who had lied to her anyway, angry at Cinna and Portia even though they were long dead… Angry at him . She had every right to be obviously. He had failed her. He had promised her he would keep her safe and she had still ended up in a Capitol prison being tortured for information she didn't have – it was Plutarch who had messed that part up, not him, but it was his fault for trusting Plutarch with her retrieving team, he should have taken care of it himself. She hadn't been in a good place after they had rescued her. Wounds had healed but the emotional ones had already festered while she was in that cell. She had called him names he had never heard her utter before, she had sworn she would hate him until her last breath, she had said everything bad that had happened to her could be summed up in two words: Haymitch Abernathy. And she had been right, of course, she had been. It wasn't him who had slowly opened her eyes to the barbaric ways of the Capitol, she had done that on her own, but it was him who had encouraged her on that path of self-realization. It was him who had slept with her and foolishly believed Snow would be none the wiser. It was him who had denied any feelings for so long and probably broken her heart more than once even though he was also breaking his at the same time – he had just been too drunk and too stupid to see it before Thirteen and the unwelcomed revelation that he missed her, worried sick about her and probably had more than feelings for her. "You took your time, sweetheart." he added. He had stood at the foot of her hospital bed in Thirteen and he had taken all the abuse she could throw at him without flinching. He had told her he had made sure Coin wouldn't touch her, she had told him he shouldn't have bothered. He had told her he intended to stay in the Capitol for a while, she had told him to go back to his pigsty of a District. He had told her she should come with him, she had laughed at his face. He had looked at the woman he had only hated as much as he had loved and he had refrained from any mocking, cutting or sarcastic remark. Perhaps, he had mused afterwards – during one of his many night of thinking – that had been his mistake. He had treated her like she wasn't really Effie anymore and she had acted accordingly. "You said I could come if I needed help." she reminded him. He wondered if she was aware she was using her bag as a shield, she was pressing the huge thing against her like it would protect her from the rest of the world. "I need help, Haymitch." It was rushed and her voice cracked in the middle of his name. "I really, really need help." He stepped aside. What else could he do? "Come in." Relief and gratitude washed over her face as if she had really been unsure he would welcome her. He closed the door behind her and reached for her drenched coat but she stepped away quickly, clutching her bag tighter. That made him frown. "Effie?" He wasn't used to her being edgy. A lot of things could have changed in two years, of course, everyone wasn't as stuck in their own muddy life as he was. She didn't look angry at him anymore, that was always a plus. Her lips wobbled and her blue eyes were full of tears. "I'm sorry for what I said to you, last time." she confessed, looking at her bag. "You should know I truly mean it. I was unfair to you and I'm not just saying that because I showed up at your door in the middle of the night with a handful of problems." "Okay." he accepted her apology with a shrug. "You weren't that unfair but okay." He lifted his eyebrow and smirked. "After all, you don't admit being wrong often enough. That's good for you. Brings you down a peg." Maybe they were both out of practice at banter or maybe it wasn't as easy as he remembered because she didn't reply with a barb of her own. Her mouth twitched but it was kind of a sad twitch and that sent a hundred of alarm bells ringing in his head. "May I have a hug?" she whispered and it threw him off, that forced politeness, it really did. The Effie he remembered wasn't the kind of woman to ask for a hug or a kiss or whatever she was after. When she wanted something, she simply took it. "What happened to you?" It was a stupid question. A very, very stupid question. War had happened to her and he knew that better than anyone, he had read her file after all. But when he raised a cautious hand to brush the damp strand off her face, she didn't flinch or try to avoid his touch. She closed her eyes and swallowed back tears, he couldn't blame her there was a lump in his throat too. He had never thought she would ever come back to him – even if she was there because she needed help and probably not because she wanted to make peace with him – and he wasn't totally convinced he wasn't dreaming. The brown bag slipped to the floor and he barely registered that the splashing sound it made was too light for something so big, she threw her arms around his neck and started to sob and he gathered her close with relief. Something finally settled in his stomach, something that had been swirling since he had first arrived in Thirteen and hadn't found her already there waiting for him. Well, he gathered her close… He tried to. There was still something between them. Something big. Something uncomfortably pressed against his stomach that wasn't her bag. He froze and her breathing caught. "What's under your coat?" he asked. It seemed it was a night for stupid questions. She managed to get a grip on her sobs and stepped back, he didn't like the way she was avoiding his eyes. "Don't throw me out tonight, please." she begged. "I… I have nowhere else to go." He blinked and stared at the round form under her coat before looking down at the bag that wasn't so huge in retrospect. It looked mostly empty. "That's all the stuff you have?" There couldn't be more than a few pieces of clothing in there – and yes, it was addressing the less urgent matter but, really, he wasn't sure he was ready to accept what was hiding under her coat. "I left the rest at the station. I haven't