Hello, hello! This is me again with a brand new hayffie story! This story takes place around two years post war and it will deal with an accidental pregnancy. I had a lot of messages asking me about hayffie and kids over the last couple of years and it made me think because I am on the opinion that in a strict canon interpretation, they wouldn't have children. So it made me think about what could happen if they accidentally found out they were expecting one given their frame of mind after the war and how interesting it would be if Effie's trauma played a bigger role when Haymitch's own demons have finally started being laid to rest. A few controversial topics will be discussed in this story going from miscarriages to abortion, stuff you can expect to see discussed when a pregnancy is involved. Just to clarify because the problem arose in "Must Be Something In The Water", characters have their own opinions that don't necessarily match mine. I try to keep everyone in character and somehow realistic, that's all. There will be some angst, some fluff and a Samoyed puppy (that cat has been out of the bag for a while I fear haha). I wouldn't say it's all rainbows and butterflies but it's not all gloom and rain either. I hope you choose to follow me on this new adventure and that you enjoy the ride! As far as chapters and updates go, I haven't finished the story yet but I'm around 30 chapters right now so it will probably be a long one. I expect around 40 in all. For now it will be published on Sundays but it might be moved to Fridays when Invictus is finished. The beautiful cover was made by the amazing Holycheekbones who was my cheerleader for this story! I think that covers it… Well… I hope you enjoy this first chapter! Let me know your thoughts! April Showers 1. Prologue Almost two years after the end of the war, Haymitch still hated being shaken awake. He jerked in a sitting position, his hand immediately searching for a knife that wasn't there anymore – not now that he was permanently sharing his bed – his eyes scanning the room for enemies. The soft glow of the nightstand lamp was casting half of the bedroom in shadows but the furniture's outlines were familiar enough that he blinked and took a deep breath. The smell immediately assaulted him but it must have been a remnant from his night terrors. "Haymitch." Effie whispered, a bit frightened. "Haymitch, are you awake?" "Yeah." he sighed, rubbing his face. "Did you have a nightmare?" It wasn't unusual for her to wake him up because of something like that. When she had first showed up ten months earlier, almost a year to the T after he had first brought Katniss back, it had been with suitcases, debts and so many triggers he had spent the first few days walking on eggshells around her. Haymitch had been shocked the first time she had started screaming her head off in the middle of the night. After a week, it had become the norm. She had eventually migrated from the guest room to his bedroom – there was no point in her sleeping in another room if he had to cross the corridor to climb into bed with her to calm her down or if she had to sneak in his bed for the same reason. Sleeping together helped, as stupid as it sounded. His own night terrors had abated slightly. Hers, though, were still recurrent. "Something's wrong." she said, her voice cracking with fear. "Haymitch…" He frowned and finally took his hands off from his face to look at her, thinking she might still have been in the midst of her nightmare. It wasn't uncommon for her to wake up disoriented or not to be able to tell dreams and reality apart anymore. It was odd she hadn't yet latched herself at him though. She always clung to him if he was nearby when she was having a nightmare or a panic attack. The smell , he realized a second too late, the smell was still there. " Fuck ." he spat when he spotted the blood stains on her hands. He reached out but she recoiled with a wince. "Don't…" she pleaded. "Don't touch me." "Are you hurt?" he asked, kicking the covers off them. "What did you do? How in hell did you…" He shut up abruptly when he saw where the blood was coming from. It wasn't a cut on her palm like he had first thought. There were blood stains on her nightgown, near the apex of her thighs, and on the sheets. Enough that it made his stomach churn but not enough that he truly panicked yet. Given where the bleeding seemed to be coming from… "Okay." he said stupidly, trying to take it in stride. Blood was one of her triggers. Last time Peeta had dropped a plate and cut himself, she had barely stayed together long enough to leave the room only to lose it in the privacy of the bathroom – keeping her insecurities, flashbacks and adjustment troubles from the kids was her prime concern. "Okay, sweetheart, it's just…" "Something's wrong ." she repeated, her voice breaking in a sob. There were tears in her eyes she was making an obvious effort not to shed and her lips were wobbling. "It's just your period." he winced awkwardly. "It's not…" "No." she countered and she sounded sure enough that he didn't insist. She pressed her blood stained hands against her stomach, her face contorted in pain. "It's different. I… Something's wrong ." The panic that he had pushed down with rational arguments came back with a vengeance. She seemed certain, there was a lot of blood and, to the best of his knowledge, she hadn't had her period since she had been tortured in prison so it was odd that it would come back now of all time. "We need to get you to the hospital." he declared, because it was the logical thing to suggest. He should have known better. She had spent too much time locked up in a hospital room after her rescue. She avoided doctors like the plague nowadays. She immediately shook her head, curling up on her side and letting the tears flow. "No! No, I don't want to go back! Please, Haymitch… Please ." He passed a hand over his face, trying to keep his wits about him. Blood wasn't just a trigger for her, after all. "I will tell them to send a doctor." he compromised. "I… We need to do something , alright? If you're sure it's not your… You need to see a doctor." It was probably best for them to send someone anyway. Haymitch didn't have a car and the brand new hospital – well, they called it a hospital but it was more a clinic, really, the cases that required more technology were always transferred to Thirteen – was at the other end of the District. She looked in pain and she would never be able to walk all the way there. He didn't give her time to protest. He bolted out of bed and dashed down the stairs, almost tripping on the hems of his sweatpants because they were too loose on his hips. It was a short phone call, they promised to dispatch someone at once so he hurried back upstairs. Effie was where he had left her, curled up on her side, crying softly, hugging her stomach. He crawled back next to her on the bed and brushed her hair away from her face, at a loss for what to do. "What can I do?" he asked. She didn't answer. She was locked in a world of her own, a world of nightmares he couldn't breach. He stayed with her for a couple of minutes and then decided she would have a fit if she snapped out of it to find out a stranger had seen her in that state, doctor or not. He grabbed a couple of towels from the bathroom and tried to clean her up a little, holding his breath all the while because the smell of blood was difficult for him. The sight of it on her thighs was already almost too much. He didn't think the bleeding was as extensive as he had feared but he was still entirely out of his depth. He tried not to find it awkward because he was a grown man and she was his… whatever . And she was in pain. "Haymitch…" Effie breathed out after a few minutes. "Haymitch, I'm scared…" He sat with his back to the headboard and petted her hair, letting her use his thigh as a cushion for her head. She clung to his leg, sometimes letting out a pained whimper. "It's alright, sweetheart." he kept repeating. "It's gonna be alright." He had never been so relieved to hear a car engine in his life. He had all the pain in the world to convince her to let him go meet the doctor. The man was in his mid-fifty. He had graying hair, brown eyes, dark squared glasses, and an air of no-nonsense about him that made Haymitch feel slightly better. He regretted that Katniss' mother had chosen to never come back because he trusted the healer and he didn't trust strangers . He had heard good things about the man though. The doctor had moved to Twelve from District Six a little over a year earlier and had taken over the management of the clinic. People seemed to like him well enough. "Clanius Larcher." the man introduced himself, outstretching a hand for Haymitch to shake. He was all business and the victor might not have admitted it but his attitude was somehow reassuring. "Where's my patient?" Haymitch led him upstairs, explaining what had happened to the best of his abilities. The doctor nodded but didn't offer any possible explanations of his own. He stepped in the bedroom and immediately went to sit on the bed next to Effie. "Mrs Abernathy…" he started. "She's not…" Haymitch started only to stop. "We're not married." No introductions as to who she was were necessary though. Everyone in the District knew who was living in his house, everyone in Panem knew where the last living escort had disappeared to. It had made quite a scandal. "Miss Trinket." the doctor amended. "I need to take a look. Is that alright with you?" Effie, he could tell, wasn't completely aware of what was going on. He shuffled on his feet, unsure if he should leave or stay. "Haymitch…" she begged and it settled the debate. He sat on her other side and grabbed her hand. "It's alright, sweetheart." he whispered, trying to comfort her. "I'm right here." "Where am I?" she sobbed. "Here or there? I can't tell… I…" Larcher frowned and looked at him, looking for an explanation. "She's having flashbacks." Haymitch said reluctantly. They weren't in a habit of sharing their demons with just anyone. "The blood… It's a trigger. And she's in pain… That's… That's not helping. " And it wasn't helping him staying calm either. His hands were shaking and he glanced around, not surprised not to spot any bottle. Effie had a rule about alcohol in the bedroom. "Can you calm her down?" the doctor requested, taking out disposable gloves from his bag and slipping them on. It took five minutes before he managed to reach her and convince her she was in Twelve with him and not in a cell being torn to pieces. "Miss Trinket, where does it hurt?" Larcher asked. "Can you tell me?" She waved in the vague direction of her lower belly, breathing deeply through the pain when the man asked her to describe it for him. The