Hello everyone and welcome back for a brand new hayffie story! What is "The Dragon & The Mockingjay" you'll ask and how does it have any link at all with hayffie. And I will answer, this story is a toddler au based on Archervale (who you can find either on deviantart or tumblr and whose drawings I really encourage you to go look at) 's drawings of hayffie taking care of toddler Katniss and Peeta. This story is 12 chapters in all, chapters are rather long so I hope you don't get bored and I hope you enjoy the ride! The Dragon & The Mockingjay 1. The four year old girl stared back at Haymitch steadily. It wasn't silent, not really. The echo of the geese's honking in the yard provided a background noise, he could hear the familiar hum of the fridge in the kitchen and the logs regularly popping in the living-room's fireplace. Yet the silence between them felt heavy. The kid had some balls, he would give her that. He had half-expected her to wail as soon as she had put a foot in the house but so far no tears had appeared even when the social worker had left, obviously in a hurry to go on to better things. He knew the Seam was a small town, lost in the middle of nowhere in the Appalachia region, but, still, one would expect more diligence from someone responsible for little kids. They had hardly looked into him at all, happy to discharge the responsibility of one more orphan to her closest living relative. A relative she had never seen before in her short life. Hence why he had been expecting tears and a tantrum that would have been more than understandable given the circumstances. "We've got the same eyes." he said – which, admittedly, was the dumbest thing to open a conversation with anyone and especially a four years old. The thing was, Haymitch didn't know how to speak to four years old and being left in charge of one hadn't exactly been in his short term plans. Taking in a niece he had never knew existed sort of took the cake of his relatively shitty life at the moment – even if they did have the same grey eyes. What else was there to do though? He had never known his half-sister – his father had been an asshole who had abandoned him, his mother and his brother to a life of poverty to play family elsewhere, in the richest part of town, and as far as Haymitch had been concerned that had been the end of that. He had always known he had a half-sister somewhere, he had even known her name was Aster and he had also known what she looked like for having glimpsed her once or twice – the Seam wasn't that big – but he had never talked to her and he had been only too happy to forget everything about the whole thing when he had left for the Army. Of course, that had proved to be another load of shit but it was written somewhere that whatever decision he took would always come back to bite him in the ass. The point was, though, that he had never known Aster and yet it had still felt like being punched in the guts when the social worker had told him on the phone that she, her husband and her youngest daughter who, if he had understood correctly, had barely been one year old, had died in a car crash – and not only because his own mother and brother had died in similar circumstances. Katniss was left all alone in the world with him for only living relative and it didn't matter that he was already a shitty uncle who hadn't known her name a few days earlier, her parents hadn't left a will and thus it was either him or the system. He had hesitated, he really had, because he wasn't uncle material – never mind parent material – and he had thought maybe she would be better off out there. He couldn't bring himself to abandon her though. She was a survivor, like him. And he might do a shitty job of it but he could at least try . He owed it to that stranger he had never really called a sister but who had still been in his thoughts some times during his life. Katniss was staring, unwavering, standing in the exact same spot the social worker had left her in while she had made him sign some papers. There was a big messenger bag tossed over her shoulder that looked far too heavy for a kid, a navy suitcase almost as high as she was behind her and another duffel bag at her feet. It was all she had with her. It wasn't much. Then again, from what he had gathered, his half-sister hadn't exactly been rich. The tables had turned somewhere down the line. Funny how life worked. "Okay." he said when she remained silent, only jutting her little chin higher in the air. Her long dark hair was tied up in a ponytail and he hoped she was old enough to take care of it by herself because he was already dreading having to play hairdresser. "Do you want to see the house? Your room?" He had cleaned up. Or he had tried to, at least. Chaff often joked that his house looked exactly like the geese pen in the yard and smelled almost as bad. He lived alone and he was no angel in the house. He had made an effort though. He had picked up the empty bottles of liquor that usually littered his floor as well as the dirty dishes he had a habit of leaving everywhere, he had vacuumed and mopped the floor, he had tidied up the kitchen and stocked the fridge with different sodas in hope she would like one of them, he had tried to make the bathroom on the first floor landing useable – which had actually been the easy part since he mostly used the one en-suited to the master bedroom – and he had made sure the guest room was livable. Katniss was very good at the silent staring. It was almost creepy. Kids were supposed to be loud and boisterous, weren't they? Well… Maybe not kids who had lost their entire family a few days earlier. He already felt like an asshole. The messenger bag moved. Haymitch blinked, wondering if it was the lack of liquor – he had been flirting for years on the line between possible alcoholic and complete drunk – but there was a ruffling sound and then it moved again. "Sweetheart, what do you have in there?" he frowned. She held the bag closer to her chest, defensive, but didn't take a single step back, almost challenging him to try and pry it away. His question was answered when a ginger tomcat's head peered out of the bag, pushing the lapel away enough to sniff the air. The cat looked positively monstrous. And it hissed when Katniss tried to push it back inside. He should probably have been concerned about a possible danger for the kid but he couldn't help a smirk. "You sneaked that past the social worker?" "His name is Buttercup!" she snapped petulantly, finally succeeding in pushing the cat back down in the bag. "He's Prim's cat and they were going to leave him all alone! He's mine now." There was a clear challenge there, she was almost daring him to object. It would probably have been a good time to start putting boundaries and rules in place but he was impressed by the sneaking around of a cat under that woman's nose. The social worker had taken her back to the house only long enough to pick up some essential things. How attentive to his niece had she been if she hadn't even noticed her shoving an angry cat inside her bag? Plus, Prim was the other kid's name – the baby niece he would never get to know – and he wasn't cruel enough to make a four years old abandon her dead sister's cat. "Okay." he shrugged. "I think you can let him out now. Let him explore." She looked uncertain, as if she had expected an outright refusal and wasn't sure this wasn't a trick to get rid of Buttercup. She scowled for several minutes, obviously thinking hard, and then she slowly put the bag down. The cat didn't lose a second before dashing away and disappearing down the corridor. Haymitch simply hoped he wouldn't try to tackle the geese. "Want to explore too?" he offered, awkwardly outstretching his hand. She eyed it with open mistrust and stepped right past him, poking her head in the first door on the right which happened to be the living-room. She wandered around the room for a while, looking at some of the things he rarely used like the dvd player and touching some of the things he did use like his bookshelves. "Do you have fairy tales?" she asked, letting her little hand run over the cracked spins of books she wouldn't be able to read before at least a decade – and the thought that she would still be there in a decade made him falter for a bit. "No, sweetheart." he winced. Her arrival had been short-notice. It had taken a few days for the social worker to track him down and it had taken two more for him to make up his mind. "We can get some if you want." "Prim likes the princess ones. It makes her laugh." she declared. "But I like the ones with dragons and adventures." "Okay." he agreed easily and he knew he was saying okay an awful lot but he was so out of his depths… Whatever. Princesses, dragons, adventures… He was up for anything as long as she didn't start wailing. He truly wouldn't know what to do with a wailing kid. He was a little disturbed by the way she kept talking about her sister in present tense but he figured she was still young and maybe it would take a little while to sink in. "It's a big room." she commented. "It's a big house." he offered. Too big for him alone. He had bought it after his first big mission in the army, intending for his mother and brother to move in. Life had prevented that. "My house is smaller." she conceded. "But I like it better." "Fair enough." he sighed. Granted Haymitch wasn't an expert in kids but she must have been the oddest little girl he had ever seen. When she was done touring the ground floor, he grabbed her stuff and hauled it up the stairs. The cat had already made himself at home on the windowsill of the guest room and hissed when he showed her in. "Nice pet you have, sweetheart." he snorted. She wrinkled her little nose in obvious distaste. "I hate him, he never wants me to pet him." He almost asked her why they were burdening themselves with it, then, but thought better of it. Her sister's cat, she had said. She wouldn't want to be parted from it. She looked around with a frown. "I sleep here?" "Yeah." he said, placing the suitcase and the duffle bag near the wardrobe. It wasn't exactly children friendly. There was a double bed, a wardrobe, a dresser and a threadbare rug, all intended for adults . He had bought the house furnished and had never seen a need to change it. "We'll get you some funnier things, okay? Pink even." "I don't like pink." she retorted. "Of course you don't." he sighed. It would have been too easy if she had been a stereotypical kid. She didn't want princesses, she wanted dragons . She