Welcome, welcome, to this year Christmas story! I just love that! Effie impersonation aside, this story (on which I bleeeeed to have ready on time) is loosely inspired on "The Holidays" movie. I insist on the loosely because I only took the original concept of house swapping and one night stands, the rest comes straight out of my little brain so don't expect it to follow the movie plot too closely. A few warnings are necessary: there will be smut a-plenty. My gift, from me to you, bad smut for Christmas, what could be better? (anything, you say). The title and the chapters' titles all come from Christmas songs (which is very original and has never been done before but hey, it's Christmas, we have to go with tradition). Ah, and it is a modern AU. There are 7 chapters in all, I will post one a day, which will bring us to the 25 th … Another year gone and I feel that I must really say I love my hayffie fandom very much, even if some of you hate me and would love to see me gone (but the hate anons on tumblr mostly makes me laugh so it's ok). I made a lot of friends in this fandom and I'm grateful for each and every one of you. Thank you for your support this year and thank you for always being awesome about our awesome ship. I hope you enjoy your Christmas smut feast, my dears. A Christmas Love 1 – Baby, It's Cold Outside " I wish you hadn't gone to the other end of the country, Effie… You are always welcome to stay with us, you know that…" Effie sighed, trailing her hand on the fireplace's mantle as she walked around the small living-room, taking in details she hadn't noticed during her first tour of the house. Like the collection of china doll bird miniatures. "I know, Portia, thank you." she offered. "I really needed a change in scenery." An acting career was never easy, she knew that better than most, it was an arena in its own right and you either survived or ended with the flock in the background of a B movie. For a while, in her twenties, Effie had been it. The girl on every poster, the girl you needed in front of your camera if you wanted to guarantee a success, the girl people wanted to see, to meet, to touch… A dream . She had been a dream. It had lasted a good total of five years before someone else had taken her place, leaving her to scamper after roles and a tarnished glory, fending made-up scandals in the press, courting fans that got less and less numerous as the years trickled by… At thirty-five, Effie was only offered second roles, mainly mother parts – and that was the end of the line, accept one and you would get stuck playing variations of it until it was time for you to be the grandmother. " But Virginia?" her best friend lamented. "What is there to do in Virginia?" Not just Virginia but The Seam . A quiet little town a couple hours away from Richmond where, from what she had found on her Google search, nothing really happened aside for random mining incidents. With Christmas looming ahead, the perspective of going to her parents' house, where her mother would spend the whole holidays ranting about what a failure Effie was when she still had a regular role on the same soap opera she had been on for twenty years – and didn't Effie want her to put in a word? – and her other daughter was a bankable actress, hadn't really been an exciting one. Getting the call from her manager about the latest movie she had auditioned for – a movie she had really been interested in because it was a good role, a strong capable woman with a touch of sassy humor that would have been right down her alley – had been the last straw. Suddenly, it had been too much. Her huge empty mansion, the subtle hints from her manager that he had not yet declined the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills' offer to join the cast, the knowledge that he was probably right and that, saved from reality TV and mindless soap operas, she wouldn't get any big role anytime soon… She had opened her computer on a whim and looked up ideas for last minute holiday plans, with the vague thought that she might convince Portia and Cinna to go on a cruise. She had found the house swapping program instead and it had sounded even better. Effie wasn't very good at solitude but she was done with the fake world she lived in on an everyday basis. A little cottage in a rural mining town in Virginia had seemed like the perfect solution to her problem. She would disappear for a while. It would be relaxing, anonymous, and it would help her get some needed breathing space to evaluate her life. "Well…" she hesitated, pondering Portia's question. What was there to do in Virginia? None of the crazy glamorous parties they were used to going to, that was for sure. "There is a hiking trail in the woods and…" She desperately tried to remember what else had been in the cottage's owner's description on the site. "Oh, and there is snow. How charming . I will send you a picture tomorrow. It really looks like a little Christmas village." That might have been a slight exaggeration. She had seen little in terms of decorations. But there was snow, and trees, and a blue sky. It certainly felt more like Christmas than California and its harsh sun. " So the cottage looks good, then?" her friend insisted. "Isn't it odd? Being in a stranger's house?" Very much so. There were framed pictures on the walls. A blond woman she assumed to be Aster, the person she had talked to on the website and who had seemed as desperate to get away from her life for the holidays as she had been, a man, and two little girls. She was wondering where the man and the little girls were. She had found a room with two beds on the first floor, next to the master bedroom she had claimed for herself, but it hadn't seemed recently lived-in. And there were no pictures of the children past six and eleven, which was odd because the room upstairs hinted at two teenagers rather than a toddler and a child. It felt weird to be in Aster's house and it was difficult to make herself at home in a space that was so different from what she was used to. The house was functional but small, the appliances were rustic at best… By the time she had unpacked, it had seemed as if she had brought more stuff than there originally was in the cottage. "Absolutely not." she lied. "I think I will really enjoy myself here. Why, perhaps I could even write a book on the industry…" It was an old joke between the two of them that if they ever wrote down every piece of gossip or scandal that had never made it to the public, they would be rich until their dying day. Portia was a costume designer and she always had the juicy rumors. " If you are sure…" Portia finally relented. "As long as you are happy… You are coming back in two weeks, right ? You will be back for New Year's Eve? Plutarch Heavensbee is planning the most outrageous party." Plutarch Heavensbee hadn't wanted her on the last three movies he had produced because she was too old and not enough of a guarantee of success – nothing personal, just business, Miss Trinket, you are a lovely professional woman and I would have loved to work with you – she was as impatient to go to his party as to go to her next dentist appointment. Nevertheless, that was how the game was played. Go to parties, meet the right people, make sure they liked you… "It sounds delightful." she declared. "I will be back by then, of course. Oh, if it is not too much trouble, darling… Might you pop at the house when you have a moment? I just want to make sure Aster is settling alright and doesn't have difficulties with the technology…" Her at the cutting edge of technology mansion certainly wasn't what the woman was used to. She was afraid Aster might be finding it overwhelming. She wasn't always sure what she was doing with all the buttons on the control panels and she had been living there for years. " Of course." Portia agreed at once. They chatted a bit more and Effie used the opportunity to finish the second tour of the cottage, not any more impressed with it as she had been the first time. She ended up back in the kitchen just as she hung up, working herself into a panic when she realized there would be no staff to feed her in Virginia. She had never cooked a meal in her whole life. She had tried once, for Seneca, thinking it would be a nice surprise to give their evening to the staff so they could have the house for themselves. The meal had been inedible and Seneca had told her to never try that again. That if they had maids, cooks and a butler, it was for a reason. Then again, Seneca had always liked his standing. Which was probably why he had ended up caught in a financial scandal and had killed himself – or gotten killed – pushing her back in the spotlight for all the wrong reasons, despite the fact that they had been separated for a couple of years at that point. She chased her ex-boyfriend from her mind, put her hands on her hips and contemplated her options. Going out it was. They must have take-out in this town. It turned out, they didn't . Or if they did, it was too well hidden for her to find. She discovered quickly enough that you could walk around The Seam in a good total of an hour. It was the time it took her to circle back to the dusty road that led up to Aster's cottage. There was a bar she bypassed, a restaurant that looked like it wouldn't pass any sanitary control, a bakery that had been closed for an hour already like most businesses in town, a big white cube she supposed to be the Justice Building right in front of a square adorned with a few fairy lights and a small pitiful tree in the middle of it, the school, a nice suburb that looked mostly uninhabited – probably because it was expensive for the area – more small cottages and even poorer looking buildings. All in all, not quite as festive as she would have liked. Determined to be positive nevertheless, she cheerfully hurried to the shop that would only be open for another half hour according to the sign on the door, grabbed a cart and tossed everything she fancied in it without worrying about carbs, calories, or how much exercise she would need to do to keep up with her diet. She was taking a vacation – that might become a permanent one as far as her acting career was concerned if she didn't find out a solution – and she would enjoy herself. The few people in the store stared at her. She didn't really mind, she was used to it, but she couldn't tell if it was because she had been recognized or because she was a stranger in a small town where everybody knew everybody. If it was the first case, she hoped the notion that Effie Trinket would randomly choose to go to the