Disclaimer: I own nothing. Literally, nothing, nadda, zippo. Suzanne Collins owns everything. I just came up with an alternative spin with her characters. (Shrug) Author's Note: Just a little idea I came up with. It's Alternate Universe and there will be OOC for many of the characters. I'm still working out some of the fine details, but I think I did a decent job (hopefully, lol). Think of the setting as a little bit of Richie Rich environment and The Stepford Wives. I'll eventually include all the "main" characters, as well as several other minor characters. And the 'villain' of the story is probably not who you'd expect. Snow is a "good" guy (he's not going to be a front running player). Because it is Alternative, I do have a lot of parallel's to the books, but they're twisted. Because I placed Katniss in a very different environment, she's going to be slightly different than her core character. I'm trying to write her as close to the core character as possible, though. I'm always open for ideas, critiques, and opinions. (Reviews make me smile… :}) And I do not have a beta, so I do try to go through the story as thoroughly as possible, so I do apologize for any mistakes. Pairings: KAT/PEETA; GALE/KAT; DELLY/PEETA; FINNICK/ANNIE; MADGE/GALE; HAY/EFFIE; and a few minors, here and there. Happy Readings! Plot: Katniss Everdeen has been living a privileged life for the past six years. Her mother's cousin had taken them in after her father's death and she quickly learned she would never want for anything, every again. But, just because she had the means of luxury now, didn't mean she was going to turn into one of those girls, like Glimmer or Delly. She wasn't going to turn into a spoiled brat. So she did everything she did before Uncle Haymitch plucked them from their simple home in Pennsylvania, and brought them to Panem, Maine to live in Carriage Point (the wealthy part of Panem). She went hiking, played softball, hung out with the guys, and didn't worry about trivial things like Tiffany's jewelry, Louis Vuitton Bags, and silly/stupid things like crushes and butterflies in the stomach. She just wasn't that kind of girl. However, when an old, familiar face shows up to Panem, after being away at school, Katniss Everdeen gets a reality check. Because even though it's been ten years, Peeta Mellark has never looked so good. And, to top it off, he's funnier, sweeter, and more charismatic then she had remembered from their youth. She's never been one to deal in the wheeling and dealing of feelings, but she may have too if she wants to keep the boy with the scar (the scar that she technically gave him). And it's not enough trying to live up to her grandfather's standards, maintain her friendships, and make sure the Cornucopia kid's win the softball championship this year, it seems that there's someone HIGHLY against Peeta's feelings towards her. Pf… it'd be easier to go live in the woods. The Story of a Scar May 13th, 2006; Saturday I stared at my mother as she sat in her old rocking chair staring out the window. I sighed and turned back to my sister who was placing her clothes in a large suitcase. I ran my hand over her blonde hair, giving her a small smile. She was so little. "Oh, good, you girls are doing so wonderfully." I looked up at Effie Trinket, my 'uncle's' personal assistant. She was a petite woman with a hyper personality but a kind smile. "I don't want to leave, Effie." I stated quietly, my hand dropping to my side. "This is our home. He wouldn't want us to leave." She gave me a sad look before moving and wrapping me against her side. "I know, Katniss. I know. But it'll be better with your uncle. Your mother," her eyes drifted towards the big window in the living room. "She'll be happier with Haymitch. And you guys will never have to worry about anything, again." It was true, Haymitch was rich. He worked for his uncle's, our 'grandfather's', company. Prim and I would never want for anything ever again. Haymitch was my mother's favorite cousin and our father's best friend. He had been a part of our lives since forever. Of course he would swoop in when news of our mother's inability to care for us, after the accident, reached him. "You'll have your own rooms, gardens, and you'll be attending the best prep school this side of the East Coast." Effie's voice was filled with promises and hopes. I couldn't find an argument, so I leaned into her, wrapping my arms around her. I haven't been hugged, properly, since the morning my father had gone to work, never to return to us. I closed my eyes as her arms tightened around me. "You don't have to carry this burden alone anymore, Katniss. Haymitch and I are here. We're going to make it better." She moved so that she was squatted down, her hazel eyes meeting my gray eyes. "You're a strong, amazing girl. Haymitch will make sure you and Prim are always taken care of." "Promise?" I whispered. My mother had shut down and whatever little savings we had dwindled to nothing. I didn't know how I was going to keep us alive. Hazel eyes held mine for a long moment. It was as if she wanted me to fully understand the next few words out of her mouth. "I promise." May 26th, 2012; Saturday "Katniss Marie Everdeen! If you're not down here in two minutes, so help me god! I'm sending Darius up there to throw you over his shoulder and I'll have you pull the car!" I can't help but laugh to myself as Effie's exasperated voice echoes from the bottom of the stairs. I'm standing in front of my mirror finishing the last few steps of braiding my hair. My body is being hugged by a dark green dress, which fits like a skin, right up until my waist when it flows like water to an inch above my knees. A white ribbon around my waist and white sandals complimented the dark color, as well as my olive skin. I hated dresses. Scrunching my nose I grab the cropped white cardigan from the foot of my unmade bed. Without another thought in my mind I'm flying out of my room, soaring down the massive staircase. I freeze directly into front of Effie. She's wearing a navy blue skirt suit, with a white ruffled blouse. Her blonde hair is fluffed up in curls, her hazel eyes giving me a look, but never the less, a smile graces her lips. "You're impossible." She mumbles, walking in her higher than high heels towards the front door. "Prim has been dressed and waiting in the car for almost twenty minutes." Her accent, which I'm not sure where it's really from, slips out. Twen ty min utes. "Well, I had to look perfect . I know how important these little get togethers are for grandfather and Haymitch." She nudges my back as we cross the front porch, the small pebbles that litter the marbled driveway crunch under our shoes. "It'll be fine, it's a family picnic." I roll my eyes, causing Darius, our driver, to chuckle as he opens the door for me. I slide in giving him a gracious smile. My sister, Prim, has her blonde hair loose and held back with a blue headband. She's wearing a flowing blue skirt, that matches her eyes, and a white blouse that has ruffles, much like Effie's. It makes her look older than twelve, but not by much. "You look pretty." I state, nudging her knee. She lifts her eyes from her book and gives me a large smile. She loves these little get togethers. Probably because a lot of her friends' parents work for our grandfather and they're young enough not to be bothered with the politics. At seventeen, I'm constantly being clucked around by my grandfather's assistant, Ms. Coin, to befriend the right kids. Don't get me wrong, I love Haymitch. He had filled a void that had been left after my father passed. He would never be my father, and lord knows he never tried to be, but he gave me something my mother had still yet to accomplish; safety and comfort. Our grandfather, or rather Coriolanus Snow, was not related to us by blood. He was from the other side of Haymitch's family. He was nice enough and I had known him just as long as I knew Haymitch. He was always around for holidays with big gifts and warm hugs. As I got older, though, I learned that Snow was a little more than just a kind old grandfather figure. He was a vicious business man, who wheeled and dealed to make sure no one was above him and everything fell under his power. This, I mean, was whatever. His house was twice the size of Haymitch's. Money was an issue for no one. Not Snow, not Haymitch, and now by association, not Prim or myself. However, after spending a few afternoons with Haymitch at the company, my idealization of a gentle grandfather were tarnished. "Now, remember. Manners." Effie's head is turned, her eyes staring at me intensely. I resist the urge to roll my eyes. "There will be LOTS of important people there. Your grandfather and uncle expect you to be on your best behavior." Her eyes are on me, but a shift in her mind produces a small smile on her lips. "I heard that they're trying to get the Mellark's to finally merge with the company." Prim shrugs slightly, but my attention is caught. "The Mellark's? They're going to be there?" I can hear a hesitation in my voice, which upsets me. Prim gives me a look. "They're a very prestigious family." Effie nods, her attention more on Prim. "They own the shipment plant; your grandfather has been trying to merge with them for years . Katniss was close with their son, Peeta." Close was an understatement. From birth to about age seven, my mother would take me, and eventually Prim, to Haymitch's every summer. The Mellark's lived a few acres away from Snow and we would all play together while Haymitch, Snow, and Mrs. Mellark worked. They had three sons, Mark, Rye, and Peeta. Peeta was only a few months older than I was. My mother and Mr. Mellark were apparently friends when they were younger. So, every summer when my father went overseas to do some kind of construction project, my mother would bask in the laps of luxury (that she had given up when she married our father, a simple humble man) and spend time with Haymitch and her old friends. Peeta and I had become best friends; apparently inseparable, even from birth, for the entire summer. He was sweet and kind, nothing like his brothers. He held my hand, pulled out chairs, and was always playing with my hair. I was seven when it had happened. I had wandered off into the woods that lay past Snow's grounds. I'm a curious girl. Peeta had just turned eight and had followed me, grasping my hand as we weaved between the trees, keeping close to the stream. I'm not a hundred percent sure exactly what happened, but there was a fox or a wolf. It jumped out at me, from across the water, off a large boulder. I had screamed. Peeta had found a branch, slamming it into the dog like creature, scaring it off after several minutes of him shouting and the dog creature growling. I laid on the ground, petrified, watching as the dog bounded off and Peeta fell to the ground, panting. There was blood on his leg. Between my past and current screams and his earlier shouts, his brothers had found us, and plucked