AN: The reason this story has Elysian Fields in the title is that I felt that Effie shared many of the characteristics of the character Blanche in A Streetcar Named Desire (delusions of grandeur and romanticism, naivety, materialistic goals and obviously her vanity) and her relationship with Haymitch is just as fraught as Blanche and Stanley's (um…though hopefully without the rape.) Elysian -if I am remembering my old English Literature lessons accurately- means 'paradise'. There is nothing, as far as I'm aware, taken from or particularly based on A Streetcar Named Desire, in case you were worrying/hoping for this. (If people don't know A Streetcar Named Desire, it's a brilliant play and film that I thoroughly recommend.) Empty Smiles in Elysian Fields Effie's heels clicked along the marble floors in a quick, smooth beat. Her skirt, a pencil cut in deep green that finished just below her knees, was restricting her movement considerably and her corset was digging into her waist. She smiled ruefully. There would be deep red welts marking her skin tomorrow and blisters on her feet. Proof, in her experience, of a good evening in which she was the belle of the ball. Having had a tribute in the final ten of the competition, a first for her in all her years of acting as escort, Effie had been unofficially celebrating her inevitable promotion to another district. She had dressed in her best finery, something that had not gone unnoticed by many of her peers and had resulted in a number of prospective suitors claiming a dance with her. Whilst this had been flattering, Effie had exclusively flirted and danced with the retiring escorts, game-makers and the highest-paying sponsors, ruthlessly doing everything in her power to gain recommendation from the people who mattered. The games were still going on, of course. And she had intended to keep an eye on the screen, to watch out for her tribute, but with her own promotion conceivably on the horizon, Effie had become too distracted by her own ambition to pay proper attention. She had been told, rather than seen, that Haymitch had sent a bottle of water to Jordin, the seventeen year old boy bringing her all her new friends and fame. She was rather convinced that this meant the boy must be in a lot of danger of dying, if Haymitch had been willing to spend what little sponsorship money they had accumulated on something so…as far as she and all the spectators were concerned…boring. However Haymitch finally seemed to have reached a level of sobriety necessary to do a basic job of mentoring and Effie wasn't going to waste time fussing over his actions when she could be working on being promoted to a half-way decent district. Nonetheless, Effie had excused herself from the party quite early in the hopes of catching Haymitch before he retired for the night. And of course by 'retire for the night' she meant a 'get completely pissed and pass out in his bed for fourteen hours at a time.' Effie would go to her grave keeping it a secret, but Effie often found that these moments- last thing in the evening, when her and Haymitch were alone and he wasn't too inebriated- were her favourite part of the games. He'd sit making crude jokes and drinking beer. She'd sip hot chocolate, reprimand him for his rude jokes and, if they required a particularly brutal punishment, would read out large extracts from her capitol magazine about the best way to style eyebrows or what colour he should wear this season. Then he'd tell her he'd rather be painted red and become one of the devil's whipping boys in hell than style his eyebrows and she'd chastise him, since a man of his skin tone should never wear red. Effie paused halfway down the corridor, hearing something she couldn't quite interpret. Picking up her pace, she hurried towards their door and fumbled for her card to open it. A loud bang followed by a low groan came from just inside the door she had been about to open. Effie sighed impatiently and closed her eyes, counting to ten. Honestly! She opened the door and gingerly edged into the room, aware that Haymitch might be in one of his more violent temperaments. This was the alternative way Haymitch would sometimes spend his evening and one that Effie was far less keen on. "Oh, look who's back early!" Haymitch exclaimed loudly, slumped against the leg of the sofa. "Hi Princess! And your royal highness is all alone? Surely there was one sad randy bastard willing to fight their way through that corset? Or were the toilet cubicles spacious at the club?" Effie looked down at him, lying on the floor with bottles lying all around him. There were beer-stains on her carpet, the cushions and his own shirt. "You're repulsive" she told him blankly. He laughed. "Me? Either you're wearing ridiculous lip-paint" he told her, pointing at her mouth "or you've all been drinking the tributes blood again." Her lips, painted a vibrant red, puckered up into a pout as her stencilled eyebrows drew together in a frown. Haymitch took one look at her and started laughing again, taking another swig from the bottle. "And your eyes are moulding" he told her, gesturing at her heavy, sparkly green eye-shadow. She'd even put in green contacts to perfect her look. Effie knew she looked great, so she wasn't going to let Haymitch's bizarre ideas about beauty undermine her confidence. Haymitch snorted as Effie rolled her eyes. "But none of that" he continued "looks as stupid as that wig." "Go to bed, Haymitch" Effie snapped, finally annoyed, although her pulse was slightly racing again at the exhilaration of arguing with him. "How can you even hold your head up with that weight? " "I mean it…" "How is it stuck on? Your head must be a fucking pin cushion." "HAYMITCH ABERNATHY! BED!" Haymitch snickered from the floor, staring up at Effie who- thanks to his position on the floor and her heels- towered over him. "No need to be so demanding, sweetheart. Mine or yours?" he grinned, as Effie flinched in repugnance. "You disgusting drunk" she hissed, only to be rewarded with another chuckle. Haymitch only laughed, even if it was mockingly, if he was drunk. And he only seemed to grin when he saw Effie get angry. "You're saying you don't want any of this?" Haymitch asked sarcastically, indicating himself, lying on the floor, with stained clothes and an overwhelming stench of alcohol. "I'll resist somehow" Effie muttered, turning slightly pinker beneath her make-up, as she watched Haymitch slip further down into a lying position and a smirk spread across his face. "You can't just sleep on the floor" Effie, trying a new tactic, rationalised in a soothing voice like she was talking to a petulant toddler. "Watch me" he grinned. "Haymitch, could you try to be even slightly professional?" "No" The smirk was still plastered across his face and Effie knew he was baiting her, but she couldn't help but respond. Her voice was rising to pitches previously risen to only by mice and other small rodents, but she seemed to lose control of all equanimity when Haymitch was around. "I'm hardly asking for a miracle, Haymitch! I'm asking you, for example, to eat with a knife and fork rather than your hands! To smile and be polite rather than verbally harass our sponsors! To sleep in a bed rather than on the floor!" "Sounds like a miracle to be, sweetheart" "Do you know how much effort I have to put in everyday to compensate for your constant vulgarity?!" "No" he grinned "My turn; do you know I have been able to see right up your skirt this whole time?" Gasping, Effie quickly darted a few steps back from him. "Knew I shouldn't have told you" Haymitch muttered into the bottle. "Fine, fine!" Effie exclaimed, flushing with embarrassment "lie there on the floor all night and drink! Just try not to vomit- or urinate for that matter- on the carpet… The same rules I'd give a dog." "You could do with a drink yourself, princess. A night out partying and you're more uptight than when you left." Effie scowled. "Fine, you're right" she snapped "I'll go back out to socialise and dance and have a nice time with people. You can just stay there, alone, and stew in your own misery." "Sounds perfect" Haymitch announced, raising his bottle in a mock-toast. Rolling her eyes again, Effie stormed back out of the apartment. Somehow her plans of spending the evening on the sofa with Haymitch were looking less likely, but damned if she was going to admit to Haymitch Abernathy that she'd prefer an evening with him to hours spent drinking and dancing at the finest capitol parties. As she sashayed out of the elevator, another thought struck her. She'd not been in the penthouse ten minutes. Haymitch was getting quicker and quicker at ticking her off! "Honestly" Effie was laughing along with a handful of other escorts and hunger games officials. "He was just lying on the floor!" "My word, Effie" Elodia, the lucky escort of District 4 who had produced Finnick Odair, the victor of the last year's game "I just don't know how you manage to stick to your job! It must be torturous" "Well I certainly wouldn't mind swapping with you, if you're offering?" Effie joked and everyone around the table laughed. "Somehow, I don't think I am" Elodia replied winningly, pulling a face "Charming though Mr Abernathy sounds" "What's the district like, Effie?" Corin, an assistant game-maker, asked. His eyebrows had been completely shaved off and drawn back on, giving him a permanently startled expression. "Is it as barbaric as they say?" "It's…" Effie searched for the word "bleak. Very dull and uninspiring. Ill-mannered and rough." "Are you still talking about the place or just its victor?" Elodia interrupted and everyone laughed. Effie grinned sheepishly. "Now, don't be embarrassed about your district, Effie" an older, retired escort named Corsidda said compassionately. She had produced three winning victors from district two in a row and had consequently decided to retire before she could ruin her record. "It just shows tenacity to stick at it. They'll be testing you. Don't forget, I spent nine years with district ten before I was promoted." Effie smiled genuinely at the older woman, sipping the final dregs of her wine. "Then I guess I should probably go back" she said reluctantly "I need to rescue the avoxes from him and put him to bed. Honestly, he's like a child." "Just keep smiling" Corsidda advised as Effie finished her glass and stood, a little clumsier in her heels than before. "Even the worse circumstances can be salvaged with a smile." When Effie returned to the penthouse, she was in considerably higher spirits. There was a good chance this was thanks to the alcohol consumed, but- strange and unusual though it was- it would transpire that Haymitch had been right. Alcohol had unwound her a fair bit. "FUCKING LEAVE ME ALONE!" Effie, once again, paused half way down the corridor. Clearly the same could not be said for Haymitch. The door opened quickly and the young avox girl ran out, stopping short as she laid eyes on Effie. District 12 had been given three avoxes this year; a young girl, an elderly woman and a young man. Effie assumed that the two older avoxes had taken it upon themselves to sort out Haymitch's situation without her. Probably trying to spare her the discomfort of helping a drunk, lecherous middle-aged man, since the girl could only be about thirteen. Still, she was an avox and they were not supposed to leave station without orders. "Has Mr Abernathy sent you on a mission?" Effie asked, with all appearances of politeness as she raised one perfectly manicured eyebrow. The avox shrugged noncommittally,