Chapter 1 "Granger!" Malfoy called, rushing down the hallway. Hermione spun around, her hair flying wildly out of its normally perfect bun. "What, Malfoy?" she asked irritably. She really was at the end of her rope. One snide comment from the blond ferret, and she'd be flying off the handle. "Merlin Granger, are you blind?" he asked, cheeks red from running to catch up with her. "Blind?" she sputtered. "Blind to what?" "Merlin, how can you possibly be so dense?" he asked, his eyes wide with astonishment. "Care to enlighten me, oh wise Malfoy?" Hermione spat sarcastically. "What part, of that blatantly prejudiced, racist, bigoted conversation did I miss?" "You are such a Gryffindork. Running around, brazenly battling any unjust comment or situation in all your red and gold splendour," Malfoy scoffed. Hermione rolled her eyes. "If you're going to resort to childish house rivalry, I have things to do, Malfoy," she hissed, turning to walk away. His arm shot out to grab her wrist. "You just don't get it, do you?" "Get what?" she huffed angrily. "Unlike you, I don't just sit around all day picking my nose. I have things to actually work on!" "You need to learn the art of subtlety, Granger. You made a lot of enemies in that room." "Subtlety?" she scoffed. "Why don't you tell those prejudiced bastards to subtly shut their blood-prejudiced mouths? Those enemies were formed the moment I was born!" "Granger, you created more!" "What?" she spat. "If everyone in that room decided that when I actually stand up for myself when someone blatantly insults me-" "Merlin, just listen to me for a minute, would you?" Malfoy interrupted, exasperated. "Originally, there were people in that room who were on your side, Granger." She snorted. "There were! But what did you do? You became the antagonist by starting a row with those officials. Now, they are the victims of your rage." The light was slowly dawning in her eyes. "You acted unprofessionally and proved yourself incapable of negotiating like any qualified lawyer would do. You did not compromise, you did not appear calm or collected, and you have lost your credibility, Granger. Now, when the others have to choose between you and those 'prejudiced, racist bigots,' they will choose the latter. Because you have proven to them that you cannot act appropriately when you are personally attacked. And guess what? That's what politics is, sweetheart." "Don't you dare call me 'sweetheart'," Hermione snapped. "Would you rather I call you a mudblood or a nitwit?" Malfoy sneered, finally losing his patience. "And there he is, the Malfoy I know," Hermione smirked. "I was wondering where all that animosity had gone." "Who's the prejudiced bigot, now?" he retorted. "Prejudiced?" Hermione laughed cynically. "No, I'm merely extrapolating on past data points," she scoffed. "If you know so much about politics, why don't you run for Minister of Magic?" "Malfoys have spent far too much time in the public eye," he replied evenly, dismissing it with the wave of his hand. "HAH!" she snorted. "I beg to differ. You lot have spent far too little, Merlin-knows-what your family is always up to." "Simple," Malfoy shrugged. "We want influence in how the wizarding world is run. Don't you want the same?" She looked up at him suddenly, as if seeing him for the first time. "Yes," Hermione said after a short pause, surprised by her sudden understanding and calmness. "I do." "And you have to admit that you've stagnated-" "Stagnated?" Hermione broke in, slightly offended and on her guard. "Stagnated in what way?" "Your career," Malfoy rolled his eyes. "When's the last time you've been promoted? Two years ago?" "So? I was being promoted ridiculously quickly before. It only make sense to have a bit of a pause now." "Merlin, Granger, you're the war heroine darling! If I can be promoted five times in the last five years, you ought to be far, far ahead of me." "Too bad I can't buy my way up the ladder," she snarked. She was still reeling from the fact that he appeared to be… looking out for her. Hermione didn't know what to do with this new Malfoy, treating her as if she were really a colleague rather than unworthy of even the dirt beneath his shoes. He glared at her. Finally, a button to push. "Assuming that I even currently have the financial resources to bribe, if I had bribed my way up, I'd be a hell of a lot further than I am right now. Believe it or not, sweetheart, I can get my way without bribing. Or blackmailing. Or bullying," he added arrogantly, just to cover all of his bases. "Don't. Call. Me. Sweetheart," Hermione bit out frustratedly. "Admit it," he stated blandly. "You haven't been moving up in your career because you're missing something. You had to transfer over from Care of Magical Creatures to Wizengamot Administration because you realized it yourself, too. You don't seem to understand, for instance, that politics is a game. It's chess." "I've never been very good at chess," Hermione muttered. "And I'm the grand master," Malfoy smiled crookedly. Hermione was tapping her toe impatiently, one of her co-workers smirking knowingly as she listened to her boss drone on and on. Did he not realize that she clearly was leaving with her bag already packed and her coat nearly on? And yet, he continued to drone. Not that this wasn't an interesting case. "I'm sorry, but I've really got to get going," Hermione sighed frustratedly as her boss continued to pile stacks of manilla folders onto her arms. "Louis, I've never asked to leave work early before, but I have a dinner that I can't miss. Can we pick this up tomorrow?" she asked. Louis frowned. "I would have thought that you'd be more excited to begin this property dispute case between a vampire clan and the Merionto family. It involves magical creatures, which was the primary reason we took you into this department. Expertise and 'diversity' that hasn't really been needed until now." "I am excited," Hermione smiled. "And I really do wish I could get started now. But, unfortunately, it's going to have to wait till tomorrow. I promise I'll get started bright and early, as usual!" Hermione called over her shoulder, already depositing the files on her desk and grabbing her coat and bag. Her heels clicked quickly as she walked down the hall, past the Auror's offices where she bumped into Harry. He noticed her slightly frazzled look, and smiled knowingly. "Dinner date tonight?" he asked, falling into step with her as they reached the lifts. "Yes," she smiled. "I'm really running out of time, though to get ready. Ginny would kill me! Speaking of whom, how is she?" "Great, I think she's got a game again this Sunday. Are you planning on being there?" Harry's smile widened as he thought of his brilliant Holyhead Harpies' chaser. "I'm definitely going to try. There's been an interesting case that I have to prepare for the Wizengamot's trial in a couple weeks, dealing with vampires, actually," Hermione grinned excitedly. "I'm sure I can spare a few hours, as I'm sure the Harpies will smash their opponents flat before their previous time record." "You know Ginny's boss too well," Harry chuckled, stepping out of the lift into the Atrium. "Never satisfied until their previous record is broken twice over." He waved as Hermione went towards the apparition spots. "See you Sunday!" She apparated back to her flat, eyes widening as she looked at the clock. Hermione Granger would never, ever, simply toss her blazer on a chair and her files on the ground. But that was exactly what she did, flying to her bathroom in a flurry of red lipstick, mascara, and innumerous hair products that Ginny had bought for Hermione's birthday. These were the moments when Ginny's painstaking drilling came in handy - Hermione knew automatically where each product was without having to look while she spelled her hair into shining waves. Gone was the all-business, slightly frizzy bun for her job in the Wizengamot administration. Half an hour later, her floo chimed, signalling his arrival. She smiled at herself in the mirror. She checked her watch, a smile brilliantly lighting up her face. Right on time. He was never on time. They entered the restaurant, his arm wrapped snugly around her waist as she leaned into him. She gasped as she took in her surroundings. "Oh, this is beautiful!" Hermione smiled, the dancing fairy lights casting vibrant colors across her face. She looked up at her favorite ginger, tip-toeing to peck him on the lips. "This is just gorgeous, Ron." Not nearly as gorgeous as you, Ron thought as he studied his girlfriend. Her wild curls had been tamed to chocolate waves, shining like the warmth in her eyes. She was wearing a curve hugging red cocktail dress, draped asymmetrically to accentuate her beauty. He really was one lucky bloke. He grinned back at her, kissing the top of her head. "I'm glad you like it." "Of course I do! How could I not?" Hermione looked at him earnestly. "Let's just hope the food is as good as the ambiance," she said jokingly. Ron looked mildly panicked. "I researched this restaurant, actually. Everyone said it was amazing so far so -" "Relax," Hermione smiled, noting that she had rubbed off on him. Ron, researching? The world must be ending. "I'm sure it will be fabulous." "Er- I hope so too," Ron said, looked relieved. "I mean, I really did put a lot of time into researching it-" Hermione laughed. "Merlin, have I rubbed off on you too much?" Ron was about to respond when the hostess beckoned for them to follow her. He held his breath as they were led to a private alcove, enclosed by a shimmering set of golden drapes. As the entered, he heard Hermione's gasp as she took in the beautiful table in front of them. A pure white marble slab had been placed above a golden sculpture of vines, intertwining to support the main part of the table. The silverware had been perfectly crafted and shaped to mimic the same vine-like grace of the rest of the set, elegantly laid next to a set of crystal glasses and a cluster of blush-pink roses. Hermione's eyes watered, overwhelmed by the beauty. "Ron…" Hermione trailed off, at a loss for words. "This is…" she choked a little. Ron smiled, glad that she seemed to be awestruck. "I'm glad you like it. You do like it, right?" he double checked. He needed everything to be perfect. Hermione barely had the sense to nod, still taking in her surroundings. "It's beautiful," she whispered. Ron could barely hear her, but glowed with pride once he had digested her whisper. The food did not disappoint either, a light but satisfying appetizer of fine cheeses and fruits followed by the most juicy and tender duck confit she had ever had. "Oh this is heavenly," Hermione hummed. "See how researching pays off?" she teased lightly. Ron shrugged, smiling. "Yeah, I really do." "So how was work today?" Hermione asked as she cut off another piece of heaven. "It was normal," Ron stated simply. "Not much to report. The only Death Eaters still out there are Yaxley and Macnair - Lucius Malfoy's tips have doomed the rest." Hermione shuddered at Macnair's name, remembering the brutal executioner. "So many creatures died at his hands… and humans, too." Ron's hand twitched. "Yaxley's one of the worst, too. Daddy Malfoy mentioned…" Ron trailed off, shaking his head. "Never mind." "What, Ron?" Hermione asked, her utensils stilling. "Is there something I should know?" "No, I just didn't want to bring up the fact that he was supposedly the one in charge of finding you and your parents," Ron sighed. "Oh," Hermione said simply, tensing up slightly. "Well, they're still in Australia. Alive. But they don't understand