Hello! My first attempt at a vampire Percabeth fanfic. Hope this turned out well... kinda rushed it towards the end! This may be influenced by many Vamp stories due to my past obsession with vampires and fantasy. So anything you may recognise is not mine. And importantly it is NOT influenced by TWILIGHT! NO SPARKLY VAMPS! If you're a fan sorry, but I have only the traditional vampires who can be staked! The sun was just beginning to set and Annabeth Chase watched as the sky burned with bright orange and yellow flames with tendrils of darkness seeping into the golden horizon. Any other time, she would have paused to admire the scenic beauty, but not right then. She was on a mission that would get her hands dirty within seconds. It was going to be a filthy bloodbath. Almost immediately Annabeth's fingers moved to clench the wooden dagger her friend Luke had gifted her when they had begun hunting vampires and she relaxed a little, knowing that she would be safe as long as she had her weapon. "We're leaving now," Thalia Grace said. Her dark clothes and hair merged with the shadows of Annabeth's room. Annabeth tore away her grey eyes from the view outside her window and fixed it on her best friend questioningly. "This soon? It's not dark yet." Thalia grinned at Annabeth, showing off her curled lips. "Luke has a special place in mind tonight," she said. Annabeth raised an eyebrow but said nothing as she swiftly pulled on her black jacket and gathered her golden curls in a neat ponytail. She double checked the dagger stashed away in her belt and finally laced up her leather boots. "Let's go." Together the two girls locked the room after them and stepped out of the house into the darkening twilight. Luke was already in his little black Vento and had it's engine running when the girls climbed into the car. Luke smiled up at Annabeth as he pulled the car out of the dirt path. "Know where we're going Annabeth?" "Somewhere special apparently," Annabeth answered making Thalia laugh. Luke merely smiled. "Special indeed. We're heading to Ravenwoods." Annabeth stiffened at the mention of Ravenwoods and her heart suddenly began to hammer with nervousness. "Why now?" The trio hadn't returned to Ravenwoods since Luke and Thalia had found a seven year old Annabeth there. Ravenwoods was where they had met their first vampire, where they had decided that they would hunt vampires the rest of their lives after the sun had set. And they had never returned there after that one night. So why now? Luke gripped the steering wheel tightly as he swerved onto a stone path. "We got information that there's going to be a massive gang of vampires there tonight." Thalia turned to Annabeth with a nod. "Not just any gang. Percy Jackson's gang is going to be there tonight along with several other tiny groups." Annabeth's eyes widened as the enormity of the situation hit her. " The Percy Jackson?" "The one and only," Luke said dryly. Annabeth's pulse raced with sudden excitement. Percy and his gang were the most dangerous of all vampires. They were ruthless, vicious and apparently stunningly beautiful. They were also highly clever and no vampire hunter had been able to get them. Annabeth had always dreamed of hunting one of them down and now that the task was impending she had a strong desire to take down the leader himself, Percy Jackson. Involuntarily her lips curled back in pleasure at the thought of killing the disgusting leech with her wooden dagger. "I want Jackson for myself," she told her friends. Luke eyed her through the corner of his eyes as he slowed the car down. "Are you sure?" Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Don't underestimate me, Luke!" Luke smiled slightly. "Never. He's all yours." Thalia fist bumped Annabeth. "You go get him girl. I want Nico di Angelo for myself," she said. Luke grinned at the girls. "Woah. Chill girls, we're here. Let's go!" Luke parked the Vento at edge of the woods in the shadow of a dead banyan tree and got out. Annabeth stepped out too and quickly scanned the area which seemed deserted right then. But that didn't fool her. Vampires were always far off in the middle of the woods. The three of them began their long trek into the woods with nothing but the moon lighting up their path. Their eyes were well accustomed to the dark owing to years of practice. They neatly stepped around branches and gnarled roots, their boots crunching against the fallen leaves that carpeted the ground. No one spoke as they treaded the overgrown path in utter silence. Suddenly Thalia stopped in her tracks and the others copied her. "You see that?" Sure enough, there in the clearing about thirt feet off was a massive gathering of vampires. It looked like they were surrounding a bunch of humans ready for their meal. "There must be guards, careful," Luke warned. "Split?" Annabeth asked. It never helped when they stayed together for they were easily spotted. Luke nodded and simultaneously the three of them went in different directions. Alone, Annabeth brought out her dagger and held it ready in her hand as she stealthily inched forward. She heard a slight snap and quickly hid behind a bramble bush just in time to escape from a vampire guard. Come on sucker! She thought. With finesse and expertise she launched onto the guard and kicked his shins. Before he could call out, Annabeth plunged her dagger into his neck and silenced him. Smirking, she pulled it out and aimed a second stab at his heart and finished him off. She grinned down at her kill in victory. It was too easy taking down guards. Now Percy Jackson? He was a formidable foe. Annbeth went on, easily stabbing and killing the guards who came her way. The more she killed, the more comfortable she got. She had reached the clearing now and was waiting for signs of Luke and Thalia. Together they would charge. She soon saw them ambushed among the brambles and bracken. It had been too easy. Luke was about to give them signal when Annabeth felt something wrong. Before she could comprehend the situation, a vampire spotted Thalia. "The hunters are here!" he cried. And then there was only chaos as the vampires began running and fighting the three. Luke, Thalia and Annabeth surged forward easily ripping apart a few vampires. Annabeth never stumbled and smoothly killed anyone who came her way. Meanwhile her senses were on high alert as she searched for Percy Jackson. Alas, she didn't see him. Annabeth caught another vampire and pressed her dagger to his throat. "Who is Percy Jackson?" He seemed a fledgling because he looked at her with fear and almost immediately gave in and pointed to another vampire who seemed to just about get away. Annabeth smirked. Found you! She wasted no time in killing the fledgling and took off after the vampire. She could see that the vampire was lean and well built with lush dark hair. But that was all she could see as she chased after him deep into the woods. She'd been too focussed on getting him that she hadn't noticed that she was too far off from the clearing and only she had wandered that far. Her lungs burned for oxygen as her exhaustion caught up with her. Unfortunately her foot got trapped in a root and she went sprawling onto the floor with a thud. Cursing, Annabeth stood up again but she couldn't find Percy anywhere in sight. She had missed him. Damn! I was so close! Annabeth stamped her foot in annoyance and turned to leave when a pair of hands wrapped around her hair and yanked her back with a tug. Before Annabeth could respond, her arms were pulled behind her back so she couldn't reach for her dagger. "Caught you!" someone said with a chuckle. He sounded highly amused as he pressed close to Annabeth. She couldn't see his face but she knew who it was. Percy Jackson. "Percy Jackson, we meet at last," Annabeth said softly. Percy laughed. "Indeed. And this will be your last blondie," he said squeezing her arms. Annabeth wanted to scream in pain but masked it with a grimace. "Don't call me that!" "What's your name then?" Annabeth pressed her lips together and didn't say a word. Percy chuckled again his chest rumbling with the sound. "You're stubborn. I like you, kitten!" Annabeth rolled her eyes and began to think of ways to get away from him. As he spoke, one of her arms had managed to slip a little from his grasp and she held it there waiting for the right moment. Percy leaned forward and swept Annabeth's hair from her shoulders. "You smell delicious," he said smelling her. Annabeth shivered as his breath touched her neck. She closed her eyes and readied herself before yanking her arm from his grasp. Percy was momentarily surprised and she used it too get the upper hand on him and smoothly judo flipped him, slamming his back onto earth. Wasting no time she climbed on him, and pressed her knees to his chest and held her dagger above his heart. "You were saying?" Annabeth looked up at his face and froze. Holy Hades, he's so hot! Annabeth immediately blushed for her stupid thoughts. But she couldn't deny his looks. His locks of dark hair was mussed up in the most unkempt way possible, a few stray ones hanging over his eyes. And his eyes... They were beautiful. They were like twin fathom less pools of clear sea green. And his lips... Gods, they were full and tantalisingly beautiful and drawn into a smirk. "Like what you see?" Percy said breaking Annabeth's train of thoughts. Annabeth blushed as her eyes snapped upto his. How dare he? She was on top of him, he was under her, at her mercy. One stab and he'd be dead. But he was being cocky. And he was smirking too. The nerve! She wanted to plunge her blade in and kill him but she didn't do it. "If I were you I wouldn't be so smug," she told him. Percy raised his brows in obvious amusement, though what he found amusing Annabeth didn't know. "And why so? You're going to kill me. I'm going to die. But I wouldn't beg for your mercy," he said. Annabeth felt a surge of respect for Percy though he was her foe. Of course he wouldn't beg, he was too proud and arrogant and Annabeth knew she was too. "Shut up or I'll kill you," she said. Percy grinned at her showing off his brilliant smile. Annabeth's breath hitched at his beauty. "Go ahead!" he challenged her. Annabeth glared at him amd raised her arms to stab him and kill him, but stopped. She just couldn't do it. She had killed thousands of vampires during her time, but this one vampire, for some unknown reason, she couldn't kill. She was being foolish and stupid, but there was something about Percy that she couldn't understand. She didn't want to kill him. She couldn't. "What are you waiting for? If you think I will ask for your mercy, you can forget it," Percy said, his eyes watching her with a languid look. Annabeth sighed. "Aren't you going to fight back?" Percy raised his brows. "Kill me, kitten. Stop being stupid." "I can't," Annabeth said shaking her head. Percy rolled his eyes. "You realise that I will have to kill you otherwise? There can only be one winner here," he said. Annabeth bit her lip in frustration. He was right of course. The law was simple, kill or be killed. She knew it, but she couldn't bring herself to hurt him. "I know, Percy." Percy sighed looking frustrated. "You're nuts!" Annabeth smiled. "Thank you.