Chapter 1: Leonville Leonville, Lousiana, June, 1917 " Faire attention a la ville de Noveau Orleans, ma Cherie, Bella! C'est une place de l'avidite, le peche, e la luxure (Beware the city of New Orleans, my dear Bella! It is a place of greed, sin, and lust)!" " Oui, Mere (Yes, mother)," I replied. I had just asked my mother what she remembered about her childhood in New Orleans, about a half-day's journey away from here. I had never been there and was always curious about The Crescent City. Whenever Mere was gravely serious about something and wanted to nail her point down, she always said it en Francais (in French). After all, French was her mother tongue; and unlike her children, she still spoke English with an accent. Francais symbolized the fading flower of our youth. Before the Civil War, the gentle sound of French flowed throughout the Louisiana Creole countryside, including in our humble little town of Leonville. Like how a child clings onto her favorite doll, we held onto Francais for as long as we could. We hoped we could halt—or at least delay—the eventual conquest of Anglais (English). It was a lazy Friday afternoon. School was over for the summer recess and we had just finished our chores around the house. We were not as wealthy as other Creole families who owned vast acres of land or maintained various businesses in town, and could thus, afford Colored servants. However, we did pretty well for ourselves even though our late father's affluent family had cut him off for marrying my mother. I had just graduated from high school, and my older sister and I were preparing to enter the convent together. I was in the middle of reading my science books when my ridiculously furry white cat, Gerard, began brushing his chassis against my bare leg. "Gerard, what will you do when I'm gone? You better keep Mama company!" In my spare time, I devoured science books like sweet beignets whereas my sister preferred tasting the French novels of Victor Hugo and Balzac. In the past, I had tried reading Darwin but I found his writing too confusing and boring for me to comprehend. Instead, I discovered a textbook called Lions, Tigers, and House Cats: Understanding Feline Behavior, and I had since read it three times. I found it much more interesting and useful than anything Mr. Darwin had to say about finches, armadillos, and earthworms! Also, evolution was a subject no proper Catholic girl dared to touch. After I read my feline handbook, I gobbled up any book I could find about animal behavior, including those about primates, canines, birds, and horses. However, I avoided reading any books about human behavior because humans bored me so with all their drama and problems! Animals were so much easier to understand and sympathize with; after all, everything one needs to know about humans, one can glean from reading the Bible. Few things excited me like learning something new. In fact, today I learned that a cat's purr probably signals a feeling of safety, and that whenever Gerard brings me a dead mouse, he is offering me a gift and trying to feed me! "Now, I understand all the weird things you do, Daddy-o!" I said as I lifted Gerard up to my face. "Meow," he replied. I stashed all my animal behavior and science books far underneath my bed so Mother would never find them! She would have a conniption if she knew I was studying evolutionary biology—or anything other than the Bible. I never saw what big deal was; I loved God and I also loved science. I simply adored studying all of God's wonderful creations. Suddenly, I heard a knocking on our front door. Who could that be? Rarely anyone came by to visit us on a Friday. I peeped outside the window and saw a dashing young Creole man dressed in an elegant suit, stunning hat, and shiny shoes. "Bonjour, Madame Melange," he greeted. "Bonjour, Pierre," my mother replied. Pierre was the eldest son of the Devereaux family—the wealthiest family in town and the largest landowners in Leonville. He had light eyes, a tall nose, and soft beige skin. He was in his early twenties, and had just graduated from Howard Law School over in Washington D.C. "How can I help you, Pierre?" Mere asked. "I would like to ask for your daughter's hand in marriage." I held my breath as my heart beat like a wild drum. Finally, after all these years, a marriage proposal for me? I would politely decline it, of course! "Is Charlotte available?" he asked. "Drats!" I thought to myself. "It's always Charlotte! Nobody ever wants me!" My sister, Charlotte, was a true doll that all the boys desired. She was prettier than any debutant in town, and had a chassis, derriere, and a pair of stilts that caused men to stare like wolves. Compared to Charlotte, I was just an old pair of shoes buried in the back of the closet. "Pardon, monsieur. Charlotte is off to serve the Lord as a nun," Mother answered. Charlotte stood there next to Mere and just nodded her head, and kept it down. Pierre's face crumbled. He had known Charlotte and me ever since we were little girls, and would always stop by our home to play with us during breaks from his boarding school in New Orleans. Now, he stood there in front of us, tall, handsome, and now, defeated. My heart sunk with his when I saw his handsome face turn pale. "Well, I do not regret trying," he stated as he lifted his head up high. "Your timing is not wise, Pierre," said Charlotte, who finally broke her silence. "Au revoir, Charlotte et Bella. Bon chance! If you ever need anything, do not hesitate to ask me. I will be working as an attorney in New Orleans at my uncle's law firm. And if you ever change your mind, I'll be waiting for you, Charlotte," he promised. He mounted his handsome Arab stallion and rode off into the yonder. When my brother Claude, Charlotte, and I were of school age, we attended St. Mary's parish school, about a two skips and a jump away from home. There, two tender, aging white nuns taught us in a rustic one-room classroom. In Colored communities, schoolchildren were lucky if they were able to learn how to just write their names and count to a hundred when they finished their schooling. God had blessed us Melange children with two wonderful teachers who wanted us to succeed. "Claude, Charlotte, and Bella, we see greatness in all of you," said Sister Helen. "Times are changing, and we think all three of you lads can rise very far in the church! Thus, you will receive an education even the most privileged white children of Louisiana will envy!" Sisters Helen and Grace were both university educated—a rarity amongst nuns, and women in general. While other children our age struggled to just read the newspaper, we read classic novels and wrote poetry. The sisters drilled us with lessons in Latin and French, and we even studied philosophy, civics, and mathematics. In our free time, Charlotte and I devoured up any novel or book we could find in order to improve our composition and rhetoric skills. Even Father Gaston, who stopped by only on Sundays to conduct mass, would instruct us afterwards on the Liturgy and canon doctrine. One's color and shade was everything here in Louisiana, for we Creoles of Color were stuck in purgatory. Coloreds, the dark-skinned children of slavery, lived in hell, and were subjected to Les Codes Noir (The Black Codes) that restricted any semblance of dignity. White politicians blocked them from good schools, good jobs, and the good life. Meanwhile, wealthy whites lived in Heaven and exercised control over the rest of us. In purgatory, we lived next door to the Cajuns—the white, hillbilly underclass that everybody mocked. In Leonville, we Creoles rarely dealt with any of these other groups—and that was the way we liked it. A few years ago, Claude ventured off to St. Joseph's seminary in the hopes of becoming a priest and the first Creole of Color to serve as a pastor here in Louisiana. A colored woman could rise to become the Reverend Mother of a convent, but woe to the naïve dark-skinned priest who yearned to ascend to the rank of pastor of some tiny, anonymous parish here in Louisiana. This was still the South; a Colored man could only rise so high—even within the walls of the Church. Claude's complexion resembled the swarthy skin tone of Mama. They were both the color of cannelle (cinnamon); however, for some reason Mother was never close to Claude. Instead, she gravitated towards her fairer-skinned daughters. I always thought it was because we were all women and thus, we had more in common. Father's death hit Claude the hardest. In his workshop, Father taught Claude everything from writing poetry to making a chair from wood scraps to properly killing and plucking a chicken. Every night, he would sing us lullabies en Francais until we all fell asleep. He loved holding and kissing Mere —even in front of us children! It embarrassed us, but it always made our usually serious mother smile. On some quiet lonely nights, I can still hear father's soft baritone voice. I remember when he taught us our family history. "Your great grandfather owned a lumber mill, and your grandfather fought for the Union during the Civil War before taking over the family business. Two of your uncles left America for France because they wanted to be accepted as equals with Les Blancs (White People). They took some of my poetry with them, and it impressed a French publisher who published them in a literary journal. I was supposed to join them dans les cafés de Paris (in the cafés of Paris)—that is, until I met ta Mere ! I forsook Gay Paris in order to raise a family with her." Mother's skin tone was too dark and her ancestry too common for my paternal grandparents' liking. Her mother was a runaway slave, and her father a Cajun farmer. My father's people descended from some of the first free families of color from before the American Revolution. They built New Orleans, established industries, fought the British for Independence, overthrew the Spanish, and fought in the Civil War to abolish slavery. Father's delicate, pale hue mirrored that of Charlotte—both of them could almost pass as white. I, however, was a couple of shades darker than them, and resembled the color of café au lait (milk with coffee). Mere loved bragging about her daughters' pillowy skin and light eyes to our relatives and neighbors. Of course, everyone always complimented Charlotte's beauty much more than mine. "Charlotte, I wish I was keen as you! I wish I had your light skin and blue eyes!" I would pout on occasion. " Pour quoi Bella? Ta peau e belle aussi (Why Bella? Your skin is beautiful also)!" Charlotte always knew how to cheer me up. Later today, Sisters Helen and Grace were coming to our home with letters from various orders and convents to see which ones had accepted us. Charlotte and I could have left Leonville two years ago when I was fifteen to enter the nunnery. However, we both decided to stay here longer to keep Mama company, in light of Father's unexpected death. Charlotte also refused to let me to enter the convent alone. "Who's going to look after you in the convent if I am not around?" she chided me. "Charlotte, I can take care of myself!" I responded. "Oh no, you can't Bella! You will get yourself into mounds of trouble!" "Why must both my darlings leave me all alone?" Mere said. "You know how terribly I will miss both of you! Bella, for the hundredth time, why