Chapter One My first day at a new high school was tomorrow. I was coming in, during the middle of the year as a Junior. How wonderful…. Since I had no choice in moving here, my mom told me it would be and "ADVENTURE" to try and make me feel better. My dad's company was transferring to this crappy town called Forks. Luckily we moved here during some kind of school break so it was easier for me to get settled, without missing anything else before I actually started school. I had only moved here a week ago and it rained every single day. It was definitely going to take time to get used to, especially since we moved from Florida. My best friend was back in Florida, her name was Emon. We were together all of the time, that people started mix matching our names. That always made us crack up especially since we looked nothing alike! She was always the optimist, thinking positively, rarely unhappy. So she was trying to convince me that it was going to be great in this new town and that life would only get better with new experiences. I always found it easier to think negatively, so if the situation did go bad, it wouldn't be such a shock. She always got pissed when I said things like that but still love me. I couldn't sleep, I was too nervous about tomorrow. It was hard for me to make friends, because in most schools if you were over weight, you were classified as, well a fat nobody. Don't get it twisted though. I wasn't obese like the people you see on those TV shows, but I mean I wasn't average either. was a size 16 or 17 depending on the store. Anyway, I needed Emon she always knew the right things to say at times like this. By this point it was 3am, and I still couldn't stop the butterflies in my stomach from flying around; it was giving me a head ache. Sigh. What to do what to do? BENADRYL! I'm not addicted to medicine or anything but Benadryl always works. It takes away any pains and then puts you to sleep. I got up out of my bed and put on my favorite slippers. They were a bright green with my name, Cristy imprinted on them. I opened my door and walked down the hallway, trying not to wake my parents. I went down the stairs skipping the squeaky step and walked into the kitchen. I turned on the light. The kitchen was a mixture of different shades of browns, designed by my mom. I actually liked what she did with it. I think the colors helped calm me down a little. The medicine cabinet was right above the sink. I grabbed the Benadryl Chewables, took one and went back upstairs. I got back into my bed and slowly drifted to sleep. ************************************************************* "Cristy! Cristy! Get up come on it's your first day at school. Don't makes me come up there!" Yeah mom great way to help me start my day off. Sigh. I always hated when she yelled my name. So frustrating. It was one of those times where you would probably laugh if you mom got hit by a bus. "I'm up!" I practically yelled. I was waiting for her response about how I should talk to my elders, but I guess she decided to spare me today. I got out of my bed and noticed it was still raining. Did it ever stop? I went into my bathroom and took a shower; I just let the warm water calm my nerves. After about 10 minutes, I got out and started to dry off. What to wear, what to wear? I looked through my closet. I really should have done this last night. After a few minutes I decided on my favorite jeans. They were skinnies, the only pair that actually made look skinny. My green tank top with my short V neck white tee to go over it, and my black converse. I grabbed my bag and went downstairs. My mom was watching the news when I got in the kitchen. "Hey Christy, do you want something to eat?" I wasn't starving but I could eat. "Umm, yeah I'll just have some cereal." My mom got the bowl and the spoon and put it on the table for me. I took the Raisin Bran Crunch cereal out above the microwave and the milk, and started eating. I heard a deep sigh from my mom. I told her not to watch the news, it always made her feel depressed. Today it was about how this mother woke up to not find her 15 year old daughter in her room, and blood all over the floor. Me, not in the mood to hear about this, got up and put my bowl in the sink. I figured I could walk to school, since it was only drizzling. "I'll see you later mom." She walked over to me and gave me a hug. "Now Cristy I want you to try your best today at school, Ok?" "Yes mom, I will. Don't worry so much." She let go of me and looked me in my eyes. "I know I worry, but what do you expect. You told me all of those things that people said about your weight at the other school. I just don't want that to happen again." I didn't know how to respond so I just grabbed my book bag and my sweater, and walked out. I didn't usually tell my mom stuff about my life but that day Emon wouldn't answer her phone and I had to let all of my frustrations out. "I love you!" I heard my mom call out. I just waved. I put my sweater on and pulled on my hood. I needed to walk, to just clear my mind and relax. I know that if Emon were here she would be telling me to think positive, but like I said; thinking negatively was easier; less shock if it didn't go well. But, even thinking the way I do, I still had this hope that just maybe people would be nicer to me that I would make friends, and dear I say it ...maybe even have a boyfriend. And well, that hope was eating me alive because I just knew that some things just don't happen to me. I was just lucky to have a friend like Emon. I could now see the school, Frok's High, and from at that exact moment, I knew that the first day of Hell on Earth was about to come! The school wasn't that big, but this town was small so how big could I really expect it to be? I walked up the small pathway to the school and entered the main office. There was an older lady, maybe in her seventies that was doing something behind the desk, filing papers I guess. She looked up. "Well you must be Miss. Dylon." She smiled. I guess I must be that one new girl in town. "Yeah, but everyone calls me Cristy." My mom was Miss. Dylon sure as hell wasn't me. She pulled out some papers and handed them to me. "Okay well this is your schedule and a map of the school, but it shouldn't be that hard for you to find the classes. I can see you have all honors so don't feel awkward if your main classes have few people. If you have any questions just talk to your guidance counselor; it should be on your schedule. Oh, here's you locker, and the locker number, and first period starts in about 10 minutes so you have some time to unpack your stuff." Man did this lady ever take a break. She was talking a mile a minute. I barely got everything she said. "Thank you." I said as kindly as I could. I grabbed the papers and my lock and put it in the font patch of my book bag. "Well Cristy, I hope you'll grow to like Fork's High School. It might be very quiet, but its very sophisticated." Well this isn't going to be an "ADVEBTURE" at all. "Oh yeah, I'm sure I will love it; and thank you." She waved as I left the office and headed for my locker. My locker was on the second floor in the east wing of the school. It took me a few minutes to find but I did. I opened the empty locker hung my sweater on the hook, and started to put my binders inside. I only kept the ones I need for the first three periods in my bag. I locked the locker and stuffed the combo into my jeans pocket. As I was walking to my first period class, math, I saw a group of boys round the corner. One of them started to whisper something, and they all started laughing. I was starting to feel slightly uncomfortable when one of them started talking loud, pretending I wasn't there. "I saw a really fat girl yesterday at Abercrombie and Fitch, and I just laughed at her, she thought she could actually fit into those clothes." They all started laughing, and I just looked down, tears slowly running down my face. Curse my damn sensitivity. Right then and there I decided to do something that had rarely crossed my mind; I was going to stop eating, and let my body feed off all the extra fat. I was going to become an anorexic. Now I've never heard of a fat girl becoming anorexic, but anything was possible, right? I could still hear them laughing down the hallway as I suddenly felt guilty for eating cereal this morning. I couldn't take it anymore, so I just ran. And if my day wasn't going great already, I bumped into this girl and with both fell to the floor. "Oh my gosh I am so sorry, I didn't see you there! Are you okay?" This girl said to me as we both started to gather out stuff. "Umm, yeah I'm fine. I'm really sorry I shouldn't have been running." My voice was cracking a little and I hoped she didn't notice. I grabbed my bag off the floor and looked at the girl. She was averaged height thin with a figure, and very beautiful, she could easily be mistaken for a model; no exaggeration. "Are you crying?" Ugh my jig was up. I wiped my eyes with my hands and broke eye contact. By now the hallways were a lot more crowded and people were starting to watch our little encounter. "Oh yeah there was just something in my eye." I lied. That was something you always hear in all the movies, now I just hoped she would buy it. "Oh well I'm Renseme Cullen, but people just call me Nessie. Are you the new girl?" Oh my gosh; did everyone know that I was the new girl? I mean I knew the town was small, but damn! "Oh, yeah I'm Christine Dylon, but umm, I go by Cristy." I tried to say it in a playful tone and a slight laugh. She chuckled a little too. "Oh well it's nice to meet you! So where are you headed?" I pulled out my schedule and looked at it. "Umm, math with Miss. Softmere." She suddenly looked slightly excited. "Well that's where I am headed too! Come with me, I will take you there." We walked quietly down the busy halls before I decided to ask a question. "Umm, Nessie," It felt weird saying her name. "Does the whole school know that there's a new girl?" I needed to know if I was going to be the center of attention until everyone got used to me. She laughed. "Yeah, I know its going to feel uncomfortable for