Last Chance All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. Aristotle Summary: Billionaire Edward Cullen has a chance meeting with a beautiful and enchanting young woman. Before he can get her name, she flees Driftwood Bar. Isabella Swan needs help and has been frequenting Driftwood Bar in hopes of finding someone to help her escape her captor. She meets a mysterious man who offers to help her before even hearing her story. From two different walks of life, or so it seems, they find the love in each other. Chapter 1—A Chanced Meeting There are chance meetings with strangers that interest us from the first moment, before a word is spoken. Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment Edward's POV I hated coming to Driftwood Bar, but Emmett insisted I meet him for drinks since it was his birthday. And who was I to argue; it was his day. However, each time I came to the bar, I was hit on by at least three women, excluding the waitresses, and slipped countless phone numbers. I shook my head as exactly that happened—a number written on the napkin of the beer that was sent over to me—as I looked at my watch. Once the waitress was gone, I pushed the drink and phone number away. I didn't want it. As usual, Emmett was running late, and that left me people watching. There weren't many patrons at this hour, for which I was grateful. In an hour, the place would be bustling with people drinking, dancing, and just being rowdy. I leaned back, sipping my glass of white wine, letting my gaze wander. My sight fell on a blonde tramp with a smoking cigarette in her hand. She was talking up a well-dressed businessman who seemed oblivious to her game—not that I had personal knowledge of the game. I'd just witnessed it so many times and recognized the signs—the way she brushed his thigh with her free hand, laughing at whatever he was saying—she was trying to get him in bed, nothing more. I idly wondered if she would snag her mark. I wasn't going to find out; a noise from the entrance had me turning my attention to it. The bouncer was throwing a teenager out; Jasper, who was the bartender and my brother—probably carded the poor kid, and Rosalie had a strict policy on serving minors: if you did it, you'd get fired. I'd lost count of the number of employees she fired for giving a drink to a minor. I was starting to shift my gaze back to the bimbo and businessman when she walked in. I didn't know who she was, but my heart stopped the second my eyes landed on her. She was beautiful, and her gaze shifted my direction briefly as she continued to the bar. I was staring right at her, but it was like she didn't even see me. My eyes stayed on her and Jasper soon approached, taking her order. I was immediately jealous of him. It was irrational, my jealousy, but for some inexplicable reason I wished it was me instead of him, my own brother, serving her. Jasper produced whatever she had asked for fast, not even carding her. Interesting! He wouldn't risk our sister's wrath, so I hoped it was water or soda. Turning, she took a sip of the clear liquid as she leaned back against the counter and carefully looked around the bar again. I saw a flash of fear before it was gone, being replaced with relief. Was she in some sort of trouble? She was sure trouble— trouble for me. I didn't date much, and those I did take out wanted one thing: my money. I hated it and, as a result, I didn't approach, much less stare so blatantly at any female. Despite my reservations, I couldn't take my eyes off her and felt drawn to her as I had never been to a woman. I had to figure out what was luring me to move toward her, but I stayed where I was and continued to watch her. Angelic —the word came unbidden to my mind as I studied her face, oval and symmetrical, and a danger to any man. Crap, she's spotted me. Not caring, I met her eyes. An enchanting blush stole across her porcelain skin, and her cute nose wrinkled in confusion when she glanced behind her and then back at me, a perfectly arched eyebrow raised in question. I smiled. Yes, beautiful, I'm looking at you. With a boost of confidence, I was on my feet and walking toward her before I had even comprehended it. "Edward, where are you going?" Emmett questioned as he sat at the table I was vacating, having finally arrived. Ignoring him, I wove my way through the growing crowd and brushed off the hands of women who knew me. I kept eye contact with the enchantress. Her eyes widened as comprehension lit them, and her lower lip disappeared between her teeth. Apprehension began to appear, and she looked like a doe ready to bolt. I couldn't have that—I had to get her to relax. "Hey, Jazz," I shouted when I was standing next to her. Noticing the cherry stem next to her glass, i leaned over the counter to grab a couple cherries for myself. As I bit into the sweet fruit, I watched the apprehension melt off of her face. "Howdy, Edward, what can I get you?" "Water, no ice, and shaken …" "Not stirred," a timid and distinctly female voice said from beside me before a delightful giggle resounded from the same direction. "… With a lime," I completed. I turned my head and winked. She blushed again, averting her eyes to study the floor. "None of that," I whispered, leaning close to her and reaching out to lift her chin so her eyes would meet mine. The boldness of the action was out of character for me, and the moment my fingertips touched her, a tingle reverberated up them and straight to my heart. A gasp slipped through my lips, but my hand remained frozen where I touched her. Her eyes registered shock when they were once again connected with mine. I wondered what was going through her mind. And there was something in the way her coffee-colored eyes bored into mine; they were calling to me. I had no idea why I did it, but I closed the short distance and brushed my lips across hers. "Get away from me," she pleaded against my lips, "before we get hurt." I drew back and stepped away, putting more distance between us, looking at her. Confused I asked. "What do you mean? Are you in trouble? If you are, I'll help you." Her eyes went wide again as she peered over my shoulder, and when she spoke, her voice was lower than a whisper. I didn't hear her over the din of patrons filling the bar to near capacity. If it weren't for her shaking head, I wouldn't have known she was turning down my offer. Her physical reaction to my offer said otherwise. Momentary relief—like I had answered a pray—washed over her features before she stepped further away from me. Turning on her heel, she ran. Her cocktail and purse forgotten on the counter. Her purse . I picked it up and stuffed it under my arm. I didn't even think about using my special abilities to track the mysterious young woman; I just gave chase. My head whipped left and right as I searched for her. When I'd reached the entrance, I hadn't found her and the bouncer hadn't seen anyone exit since he'd thrown out the minor. She had to be in the bar somewhere. Slowly, I made my way back to the counter, still searching. No sign of her. It was as if she vanished into thin air. Settling myself on a barstool, I grabbed the drink Jasper held out to me. "Did you at least get her name?" he asked in his slow southern drawl, leaning on the counter in front of me. "No. But she left her purse." I waved it in front of his face. "See if her ID is in it." I sighed and tried to figure out how the godforsaken thing opened. Where was Alice or Rosalie when I needed them? It took me a couple of minutes to find the catch, but I finally got it to unfasten. A folded sheet of paper tumbled to the counter along with a driver's license. Isabella Swan of Forks, Washington , the license read. What was she doing in Seattle? Family vacation? I blanched when I calculated her age—she was only nineteen. The furthest thing from my mind was what she was doing at the bar. What did enter my mind was the fact that I had briefly kissed a teenager—I was thirteen years her senior and it didn't matter that I could legally do as I pleased with her. I picked up the paper and unfolded it, reading: Help me, please. Jacob Black is holding me captive. He's here with me tonight. I've tried to escape on several occasions, but one of his men is always with me, and they're faster than me. I tried the police, but they're no help as they don't believe me. Please don't contact them or anyone in Forks. I have no family left, thanks to Jacob. I swallowed hard, looking up at Jasper and then back down at the message. Jacob Black . He was as notorious as they came these days, but nowhere close to the reputation of Al Capone. Black was small fries compared to Capone, though growing in reputation. Black ran a trafficking ring—smuggling drugs and humans into the States. Last I heard, he was doing five years for human trafficking. How had Isabella gotten mixed up with him? "What is it?" Jasper asked, drawing my attention away from the brief message I was staring at in disbelief. I couldn't find my voice, so I handed him the note. Isabella had left her purse on purpose. Was this her way of asking for help? Or was she accepting my offer? What was the cost to her? Turning and looking around again, worry for her settled in me and I didn't even know her. "Shit!" I blinked and looked back at Jasper. He was not one to curse, and every time he did, it came as a shock. "She's been in here several times over the last two weeks. She doesn't speak other than to order a couple of glasses of water and ask for a few cherries. She drinks them slowly and then leaves. Not to mention, she's here shortly before the rush and disappears into the crowd after, I'd say, two hours." I glanced at my watch. It had been only twenty minutes since she walked in and she was gone. "Who?" Emmett demanded, joining me at the bar. His brows were drawn together and his lips puckered. He was mad that I bailed on him. Jasper looked at me. I hadn't given him a name. "Isabella." "The brunette you were ogling?" Emmett asked in a calm voice, the pissed-off look vanishing. He, like the rest of the family, wanted to see me find someone who made me happy. "Yeah." I hadn't even noticed her hair color, just her and her beauty. "She needs help," I muttered softly, rubbing the back of my neck. "It's you that needs help, man. What did you say to make her run?" Emmett asked, humor evident in his voice. I could have any woman in this bar, but the one I showed interest in ran from me. Emmett knew this, as did Jasper. The note passed in front of me as Jasper gave it to Emmett. I once again couldn't find my voice at seeing the note. Her words were