Chapter 1 — Going Back to Forks BPOV My name was Isabella Swan, and I was thirty-four years old. I had never been married, but I had had a daughter — had being key, because she was no longer with me. Her name had been Carlie Elizabeth. I had protected her the best way I could, including giving her the last name of my pseudo-parents, Carlisle and Esme Cullen. My father, Charlie, loved me. It pained him that I couldn't talk to him about Carlie, that I never visited him, and made excuses as to why he couldn't visit me. The reasons all boiled down to one — I was scared of what he would say if he knew the truth. The truth being that I had lied about sleeping and moving on from the loss of my daughter. I had friends: Alice, Emmett, Jasper, and Rosalie. My friends would do anything and everything in their power to protect me. I also constantly lied to them about my well-being, but they were not as easily fooled as Charlie. I had two regrets: walking away from the love of my life, Edward Cullen; and causing my best guy friend, Jake, to walk out of my life. I could have fixed both easily, but I felt it was too late. Why would Edward or Jake talk to me ever again? I had hurt them both. Had they done what I had done, I wouldn't have readily forgiven them. I sighed and leaned my head back against the cool granite wall, closing my eyes, but images of Carlie assaulted my overtired mind. Groaning, I opened my eyes back up, keeping them trained on the ceiling. I tried not to think. Tried not to give in and let exhaustion take me to the land of slumber, to the land of nightmares. I was tired of all the nightmares. Weary of the stress of not knowing why life had handed me such a rotten hand. I was sick of my one question going unanswered. Why did Carlie have to die? "Commandant Swan," my boss at Star Command, Commissioner Vance Long, called. His voice woke me from the reflective trance I had fallen into while waiting for him. His grey eyes bored into mine, a frown creasing his brows and turning down the corners of his mouth. "You look exhausted." "I haven't been sleeping well," I supplied, following him into his office. I was truthful. It was pointless lying to him. He knew me. Knew what had happened. After we both sat down, he slid me a file folder. "You're needed in Forks, Washington." I blanched but said nothing as I opened the folder. "There have been four teenagers kidnapped, only to be found two or three days later, dead." I nodded. Charlie had told me as much. He was flustered and didn't know what to do. "Two more have gone missing," Vance said, drawing my attention again. "Sir?" His eyes spoke volumes, staring at me with a haunted look. He knew of my aversion to returning to Forks. Knew I was about to argue. His hand went up, stilling the words I was about to speak. "Your father called and requested you, specifically . According to Charlie, these kidnappings and murders are the first in years to hit the small community. Not to mention, they have hit the news, but it hasn't been released that they are related." I nodded again. A profiler was needed, that was why I suggested the FBI to Charlie. "It would cause panic." "Charlie has said as much. I trust you won't let your personal feelings for the town get in the way of doing your job." "I won't. But why me?" I knew the answer, but needed to hear it from Vance. "You're the best. Hell, Bella, you're more than that. You're the expert. You wrote the new standards and procedures on profiling. The FBI is even using them." He beamed at me, proud to have me working under his tutelage. It bothered me that I wasn't able to react to his praise, however undeserving I felt. Vance frowned. "Why isn't the FBI stepping in?" "Let me repeat myself. You. Are. The. Expert. And the FBI turned his request for help down cold. All their teams are locked in high profile cases." I sighed. Forks didn't really register on the FBI's deserving-of-help meter. They'd even tried to recruit me. I sighed. "How long before I leave? And how long will I be in Forks?" "You leave in two hours. I can't answer how long you will be there. You'll stay until you are no longer needed. Charlie said you could stay with him, but I also made sure there were quarters available on base." I remained silent. Waiting for the other shoe to drop; it didn't. "Go and pack, Swan. You can review the case files on your flight. I've already sent the boxes to the shuttle area." I let out a long breath as I got up to do as ordered. I stopped at his door, turning back. "I'm working alone, right? No team." "Yes. Unless you find the situation warrants more than you." I nodded, leaving him sitting in his office. ~~ SIB ~~ Duty brought me back to Forks — a place I had fled from after high school graduation. Duty would kept me in my hometown for an undetermined time frame no matter how much I wanted to flee. Standing beside the car an ensign had just given me the keys to, I was afraid to get in and drive off base. I had no choice. Forks Police Department was the lead agency in the investigations, and I had come to advise and help in any way I could. Only Charlie knew I was coming, but one name had stood out on the list of officers he had sent to the base: Mike Newton . I shuddered. I already knew he was on the force. He wasn't one of my favorite people from high school, but from reading his case reports he was good at his job. I took a deep breath and got into the car, sitting there for a moment before starting it up. I drove slowly toward the front gate. Five minutes later, I was walking into the police station; it was a little after noon and the smell of pine needles hung in the air. I'd arrived late last night, opting to stay on the base for the night, not knowing what Charlie's schedule was and not wanting him to know the depth of my exhaustion. I hadn't slept much, fearful of what other nightmares or memories would surface if I got more than a couple hours of sleep at a time. "I'm Commandant Isabella Swan —" I started, only to be interrupted by someone coming in. "Bella, is that you?" I turned to find Mike standing behind me. He was astonished to see me, a wide smile on his face as he stared at me. "Hi, Mike," I said, pulling at my suddenly tight suit jacket. He was giving me the creeps, like he had in high school. It was as if he wanted to devour me in one bite. Before either Mike or I could say anything else, Charlie pulled my attention away from Mike. "Bells, I am glad you're here," Charlie said, giving me a hug. "You know how I feel about being here," I whispered. He nodded when he stepped away, eyeing me in his fatherly way. He frowned but said nothing about my appearance. "Let's get you set up in the conference room." I nodded but didn't move. I turned back to Mike and threw him my keys. "Can you grab an officer or two and bring in everything that's in the trunk and backseat to the conference room?" "Sure," he said, catching my keys. "Do you need anything else?" I shook my head and followed Charlie to the conference room. I had already told him everything else I required and, sure enough, it was fully equipped. Several corkboards were hung around the small room, along with a large map of Forks, another of the Olympic Peninsula and a white board. It was just as I remembered, having sought solace here when Charlie had run for Chief of Police a year after he retired from Star Command. He'd won in a landslide; well, if you could consider it one. He was the only candidate. "Have there been any other kidnappings or bodies found?" I wanted to immediately get down to business. "Yes, one kidnapping. Mike will give you a full report." I nodded. "I thought you would have a full team." Charlie ran a hand over his face. These incidents must be difficult for him. The mayor was probably demanding answers he couldn't provide. "I work better alone on these types of cases." "I know. It's just such a huge case, a lot of victims; a team would come in handy." I shrugged as the door opened, and Mike, along with three other officers, brought in my laptop, other equipment, and the six boxes. It was for me to determine how big the case was, and not Charlie. I'd request a team if need be, but for now it was manageable. "Mike, can you take a seat?" I asked, starting up my laptop. I'd worry about the rest of the equipment later. "I'd like you to walk me through the latest kidnapping." I watched as Mike sat heavily in one of the chairs. "Crystal was taken from her home." He passed me a small photo. Crystal was a green eyed, auburn haired beauty. I glanced at it, setting it aside. "There were no signs of forced entry or unexplained prints." He slammed his hand down on the table. "No evidence or contact from whoever is doing this. She just went missing like all the others. Why would someone — anyone — do this?" "That is why I'm here, Mike, to help find whoever is doing this. I need you to stay focused. Is there anything you can think of to connect the victims?" "Other than they all were Forks High School students, no. They had some classes together, but it's a small school; you know that. They were typical students, never in trouble." "Okay, let's go back to Crystal. How old is she?" "She's eighteen and was to graduate in December, starting at Washington University in January." I typed the information into my laptop, thinking about what else I needed to ask Mike, but not wanting to stop and dig out my list of questions; they could wait. He leaned forward as I tried to recall my questions, touching my arm. I flinched, and he removed his hand, but he got me to look at him. "Bella, I know it has to be hard for you to be back here. When I first saw you, I was shocked, but we all know you have to be the best if your boss sent you. I'm glad you're here to help us." "That means a lot coming from you, Mike, it really does. All the law enforcement teams I've worked with were always afraid that I was going to come in and take over." "We asked for help, and I'm guessing they asked, too. Everyone here is at a loss as to what to do next, or who we are looking for; we need help. Your father called us all in and told us Star Command was sending someone to help us. You can't imagine how the mood changed. You'll get no guff from anyone. If you do, just tell me and I'll deal with the problem. Are there any other questions you have, or can I get back to work?" "I only have one more question. Not case related. Do the Cullens still live in Forks?" I expected him to be taken aback, but he wasn't. "I