All I Want is Everything The characters belong to the Stephanie Meyers I do not own or claim to own them. This is my second fan fiction and I welcome your comments or constructive criticism. A/N: This is one of two new stories I am working on and will be un-beta'd like my others. I have one story being beta'd and two stories which I am stuck on, so while I wait on the beta's to get back to me and inspiration to strike on the one's I am stuck on, I give you All I Want is Everything . Summary: Bella left Edward standing in the woods after graduation high school. No one believes Edward when he tells them she transported away and a search of the woods near the high school commences with no trace of Bella found. Years later, Bella is back in Forks at the request of Ms. Brandt to help prepare for a special Valentine's Day Alumni Cantata show. She knew her chances of seeing Edward again were high and no matter how she prepared herself; she was in no way prepared for when she actually saw him. Will Edward forgive her? Will Bella forgive him? Chapter One: The Letter from Forks High School BPOV September 13, 2008 It's my birthday once again! My life is in shambles and I can pinpoint the exact moment it started going to hell. Three years after I broke up with Edward Cullen. I couldn't think about that today or ever really. So anyway, today is my 29th birthday and Dad wanted me to come to visit him in Forks this weekend. I shook my head remembering the conversation from last night. "Bells, I just don't understand. Why won't you come to Forks this weekend so we can celebrate your birthday together," Dad asked once again. I had explained it to him twice already. "Dad, I just can't face people in Forks right now. It has been over 11 years since I left." "That is no reason not to come this weekend," he said for the third time, or was it the forth. I was getting frustrated. Why couldn't he understand? "Fine, you want the truth?" "Yes," he answer was swift. "Even if I know you are not going to like it," I challenged. "Bells, out with it." "I'm not coming because you will want to take me off the base for dinner." "And would that be so bad," he defended. "Of course it wouldn't, Dad. What would be bad is for us to run into any of the Cullen's!" "Is that what this whole refusal to come visit me is about, the prospect of seeing Edward again?" "Yes, Dad, I broke up with him without giving him a chance to get a word in edgewise and then disappear for weeks, worrying not only you but from what you told me him." "Why did you end things in the first place? And don't give me the whole long distance non-sense you spout off every time I ask you for an explanation." What could I say? I had told Dad the truth years ago. It was the whole long distance relationship and my own insecurities of losing Edward; better to end the relationship before I could get hurt. The only problem was I did get hurt but not by Edward. I hurt myself when I left him standing in the woods. "I told you the truth, Dad, of why I left. If you don't believe me, I don't know what I can say to convince you." The phone call had ended not long after I had said those truthful yet painful words. Shaking the memory away I brought myself back to the present as I headed outside to get the mail. Dad was disappointed in me and he had every right to be. I wanted to visit him but I couldn't bring myself to jump in a shuttle and head off to Forks. After opening the mailbox, I pulled the mail out piece by piece sorting it as I went. The last envelope I pulled out was from the Forks High School. Why would the high school be sending me anything? Our ten year class reunion was last June and of course I didn't go, so why this letter now. I headed back inside with no intention of opening it but by the time I shut and locked the front door I had talked myself into seeing what the school wanted from me. September 10, 2008 Dear Ms. Swan, I know this letter might come as a surprise to you and I ask that you consider this request. I am writing to you first since you are the furthest alumni, from the classes 1996 and 1997, not living in Forks and what I have planned hinges on your and Edward Cullen's agreement. What I am proposing for you to consider is coming back for a special Valentine's Day performance featuring the 1996 and 1997 Alumni Cantata cast. I don't know all the details or the songs or if there will be any other interest. Please let me know by October 1 whether you are in or not. I need to contact the rest of the cast as rehearsals need to start by October 24 and every weekend after, with some time taken out for Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and the New Year. I will understand if you do not have the time. I make no presumptions on what you will decide and you should know I talked with your father, before writing you just to see if it were possible for you to travel free through Star Command. I leave the decision to you. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at the high school; leave a message if I do not answer and I will call you back. Sincerely, Ms. A. Brandt I read the letter three times. Could I am consider this proposal after refusing to fly to Forks this weekend? No, I couldn't; but the opportunity to perform again with an amazing and talent group of friends – could I still call them friends? – again was a hard decision to make. I had time and would weigh the pros and cons carefully. Before I even could start the list my cell rang. "Hello," I said answering. "Hey, Bella," my supervisor, Steve, said. "I know you asked for the weekend off but we received an encoded message last night that no one can break." "Let me guess, you want me to come in, Steve," I said. "You are the best code breaker I have," he said trying to sweet talk me. "I'll be there in an hour," I said not really having anything better to do today. An hour later, I walked into the communication hub to find all the lights out and not a single computer on. What the hell? I flipped the lights on and jumped out of my skin when my co-workers jump up shouting, "Happy Birthday, Bella." I looked around the room as my heart beat slowed. Everyone I had worked with since graduating from Star Command academy was in the hub room, even my Dad was here. I gave him a watery smile wiping my eyes as he approached me giving me a hug. "I know you don't like surprises, Bells. I knew they were planning this and that is why I was trying so hard to get you to come to Forks this weekend." "You could have told me," I retorted jokingly. "Would it have made a difference?" "No, but I would have been prepared." It wasn't the best birthday I have had but it was better than sitting at home alone. A week after receiving the letter The letter was still weighing heavily on my mind and the list of pros seriously outweighed the cons. I was thinking about it when I returned to my apartment and found my roommate had once again trashed the place with a wild Friday night party. I screamed. She had left this morning for a two week mission leaving me with the cleanup duty again. I hated parties and when she told me she was hosting one I had made arrangements to stay with a friend. I threw my bag in my still locked room, well after unlocking the door, and got to work. I was not going to live in a total mess for the next two weeks. Grabbing the trash can off the balcony, I started tossing beer can after beer can into it along with several glass bottles of booze, red solo cups, and even several pairs of unmentionables. I didn't want to know what all went on last night. Once all the cans, bottles, and other trash was taken care of, I went across the hall and knocked on the door of my neighbor, Jake. "Hey, Bella," he answered wiping his sweaty face with a towel. "Was my music too loud?" "No, Jake," I answered. "I need your help. Leslie had a party last night…" "I know," he said cutting me off, "I went over to ask her to turn down the music around midnight." "Did she?" "Yes," he said leaning against the doorjamb with the towel around his neck. "The party broke up a half hour later. I heard grumbled and drunken complaints that it wasn't a party without loud music." I laughed. "Good to know. Anyway, I need your help. She left the mess for me again and I just finished picking up the trash and can't pick up the trash can. Could you please empty it into the dumpster for me?" "Sure and it is horrible that she left you with the cleanup." "She does every time." He entered behind me and easily picked up the trash can walking out. While he was taking care of that, I started scrubbing every surface with Lysol. "All done," Jake said coming back in and placed the trash can back on the balcony. "I was going to grab a shower and then head out to get something to eat. Would you like to join me?" I looked up and over at him questioningly. He blushed. "I didn't mean in the shower but for lunch." I knew what he had meant. "I don't know, Jake," I started in a teasing way. "Oh come on, you know I like you and all, Bella, but you are so not my type," he teased right back. "And what is your type, Jake," I asked with a mocked hurt look. "Manly men with muscles to die for and dreamy come hither eyes," he said with a wink. "You are such a girl, Jake," I said throwing my cleaning rag at him which he naturally caught with one hand. "Go back to you apartment and shower. I'm hungry and don't want to wait too long on your ass." "You wound me, Bella," he said placing the cleaning rag on the counter. "Give me twenty minutes to make myself beautiful." Jake took me to Woody's Library Restaurant. "It's my treat, dear," he said as we sat down at the table. "Jake, you don't have too." "I missed your birthday last weekend and this is part of my gift to you. So quit your complaining and order whatever you want, sweetheart." I laughed picking up my menu with a shake of my head. After ordering, he handed me a small gift bag with a card. "Jake," I said a little outraged when I opened bag and discovered a Tanzanite and White Sapphire necklace with matching earrings both set in Sterling Silver, "this is too much." "It is not, girl. You deserve a little sparkling bling around your neck and on your ears," he readily answered taking a sip of his white wine. Two weeks after receiving the letter I don't know what it is about the letter from Ms. Brandt; it has taunted me every