This is meant to be a little story, one really long chapter, that chronicles the lives of a witch named Harley and a wizard named Jonas, who are in the same year as Harry, but in Ravenclaw. It's based around their lives at Hogwarts from the first train ride to the end of the Battle of Hogwarts. I've been writing it on and off since May 2016, and wanted to release it this year, cause 19 years later, amirite? Jonas Zafir and Harley Jasper were the best of friends. They had been ever since they met on the Hogwarts Express on September 1st, 1991. Flashback Jonas was sitting quietly in a compartment with two older kids, who were quietly discussing something called "Quidditch." He looked out of the window and watched nervously as the train pulled out of King's Cross, and through London. The butterflies in his stomach had become snakes; knotting and twisting his insides. He took a deep breath and rested his head back. " Hey, what's your name?" asked a voice. Jonas opened one eye and saw the boy looking directly at him. "I'm Jonas Zafir." " Hi Jonas, I'm Oliver Wood," said the older one offering a hand, which Jonas took gratefully. " I'm Alicia Spinnet," replied the girl with a smile, "Are you just starting this year?" she asked, judging by his robes, which were emblazoned with the Hogwarts crest and not a house crest. Jonas, too scared to say anything, merely nodded. Alicia and Oliver smiled, "Don't worry about being nervous. I was on my first day. You'll settle down in no time," said Oliver. " And I'm sure everyone in their first year feels just like you do. Just be yourself, and you'll make friends in no time," Alicia added, with a wink. Jonas finally found his voice, "thanks for the advice." " Anytime kid," Oliver said before they turned back to their conversation. Just then, the door of the compartment opened up and a young girl of about 11 entered, "Mind if I join you? There's no more room." " Sure," said Oliver and Alicia, as Jonas nodded. She thanked them and quickly took the seat opposite Jonas, by the window. She watched as he closed his eyes for a few minutes before opening one of them to look at her, "Are you watching me?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. She smiled back, "You look way to relaxed. Meanwhile, I'm sitting here twitching every five seconds." Jonas smiled. He thought he might as well get to know her, seeing as he didn't know how long the journey was going to be. "I'm Jonas Zafir. What's your name?" " I'm Harley. Harley Jasper," she replied with a nod. " Nice to meet you, Harley," said Oliver, as he introduced himself and Alicia, both of whom offered her a hand. She took them both and let the others return to their conversation. "So, do you know what house you might be in?" Harley asked Jonas, who shook his head. " I don't know what the Houses are to be perfectly honest," he replied, hoping that she wasn't going to start judging him. He remembered the conversation Professor McGonagall had with him when she visited his house. "I'm the first wizard in my family," he stated. Harley merely cocked her head. "Really? That must be so cool! My dad's a wizard, so this wasn't much of a surprise." She paused before explaining the different houses. "Well, there's Gryffindor which is for the brave and bold, then there's Slytherin for the cunning and ambitious, Ravenclaw for the smart people, and finally Hufflepuff is for the caring, kind, and everything in between." Jonas nodded, "I'll probably be in Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff. I really like reading, but I'm also extremely shy." " I don't think you're shy. I mean, you're talking to me aren't you?" Harley replied with a smile. "I'll probably be in Ravenclaw, that's where my dad was, that's where I want to be!" " Does where your parents were affect the results" Jonas asked hesitantly. " Not necessarily," Harley answered thoughtfully, "but if you do end up in the same house, it's probably because of that. And there's a lot of house pride- even with alumni." Jonas merely nodded before asking, "What's Quidditch?" Wood, the older boy turned to him, a look of pain etched upon his face. "WHAT'S QUIDDITCH?!" " You two are in for a speech," Alicia smirked, as she pulled out a book from her bag and began to read, while Wood began what seemed like a prewritten speech on Quidditch and its world importance. Jonas and Harley sat back and listened calmly, as Wood rambled on. The boy continued to speak for a long while, not bothering to stop except for the two interruptions; one was an old lady with a cart full of treats that Jonas had never heard of, but was silently being introduced to by Harley. The second time it was a young girl, who must have been in her first year as well, with bushy brown hair. It wasn't until Oliver took a break to have some food, that the pair began to talk once more. " So, where'd you come from? Like, in England I mean," Harley asked, as she took a bite of a chocolate frog. " Er- Cambridge, my mum and dad are professors there," Jonas replied. Harley's eyes widened, "I'm from Cambridge too!" she practically screamed. "Fulbourn, to be more specific. My mum works at the hospital there." It was Jonas's turn to light up, "I live in Castle. Wow, that is really close! I'm surprised we haven't run into one another. There aren't many children our age." " My sister and I were homeschooled. Being a witch meant a lot of unexplained magic, and that would be hard to contain. It's too much of a risk to send witches and wizards to muggle schools." " Muggle schools? What's that mean?" asked Jonas. Harley seemed nice enough to ask these sort of questions to. She was also incredibly interesting, as Jonas had never met another wizard or witch before. He wanted to know a bit about magic, but had spent most of his time reading books on spells and potions, rather than history. " Oh, well a muggle is a person who can't do magic, like my mum," Harley replied helpfully. "You'll hear the term thrown around a lot, because it's easier to say than 'non-magic folk.'" "' Specially if we're talking about the Slytherins," added Wood with a curt nod. " What's wrong with the Slytherins?" asked Jonas. " Well," Harley began, "they're a bit preoccupied with blood status." She noted the blank look on Jonas's face. "So, you're parents are muggles, and there's no one that you're aware of in your family who is a wizard or witch right?" She asked. Jonas nodded, "that would mean you are a muggle-born wizard. My mum is a muggle and my dad's a wizard, which makes me a half-blood witch. Then you have the purebloods, who like to think they're on top of the social ladder, because everyone in their family is magic." Jonas scrunched up his brows in disgust, "that sounds horrible," he said. " It is," replied the three people in the compartment. "Most Slytherins have a bit of prejudice where blood status is concerned," Alicia said. " But they're not going to do or say anything to you. They don't want everyone against them," said Wood. " That doesn't make me any less nervous, funnily enough," Jonas muttered. Harley gave him an encouraging nod, "Just pray that you and I end up in the same house, alright?" she stated. Jonas nodded fervently. He wanted to know one person before the school year started, and it looked like he had gotten his wish. Neither of them knew the hardships they would face together, all of which would make their bond of friendship stronger. They would be sorted into the same house; Ravenclaw, and take the same classes throughout their years at Hogwarts. Outsiders saw the close friendship they shared throughout the years as something that would potentially become romantic. Even the parents of the two would make the occasional joke, when they got together at one another's houses during the breaks throughout the school year. However, Harley and Jonas only saw each other as best friends and then as the years went by, they became close enough to regard one another as siblings. This changed ever so slightly, in their second year, when Harley's mother gave birth to her younger brother, David. He was the tiniest thing you every did see, but Harley loved him so much. At first Jonas was annoyed, as the pair was only-children, but they soon grew fond of him, and Jonas often found himself thinking of David as a younger brother as well. It wasn't till the end of their fifth year when things began to change. Voldemort had returned (although Harley and Jonas had silently supported Harry Potter when he stated that Voldemort had returned the year before), and people were going missing everywhere. The hardest day for Harley came in her sixth year, a mere week after Christmas, when a pair of Ministry officials had pulled her aside in the hallway. Immediately, she had grabbed Jonas's hand and he was pulled alongside his best friend. " Harley Jasper?" said the man, as he looked at the young woman in front of him. " Yes?" replied Harley nervously. She watched as the two men exchanged a sad look. " We'd like to speak to you alone, Miss Jasper. So if your friend could-" " Anything you say to me can be said in front of him," Harley replied coldly. She never forgave the Ministry for its actions the previous year, as had many others. Jonas merely tightened the grip on Harley's hand as one of the men produced a piece of parchment. " We're so sorry to have to tell you this, but your father Karl Jasper was found dead this morning in the family home. Some death eaters, who were attempting to recruit him, attacked him. Your mother and brother are fine, we have assigned them a detail, which will monitor them and make sure they are safe. She also wanted us to give you this," he handed Harley a piece of parchment. "I'm so sorry dear," he said, before walking out of the classroom they'd been brought into. Jonas didn't know what to say. He wrapped his arms around Harley and attempted to console her, but found that she hadn't shed a single tear. "I'm sorry Har," he whispered. Harley smiled blankly, before slitting the letter open. "Harley, by now you will have heard the news and there's not much I can say to make things seem easier. Part of me wishes that you returned home. I'm so desperate to keep you safe, and not let you out of my sight. But your father would not want that. He would want you to stay at school and learn as much as you can, so that when things do end up getting tough, you can protect yourself to the best of your abilities. I just want you to know that I am safe, and that I love you. Jonas, odds are you're here too- keep her safe. Keep each other safe. Please. I love you both, Mum." Harley folded the letter up and placed it in her pocket. She turned to Jonas who was expecting her to have cried at some point. "I just can't feel it. It hasn't hit me yet. That he's- gone," she whispered. Jonas wrapped her up in another hug, "I'll always be here for you Har, okay? I've got your back and you've got mine." " Thanks," Harley whispered. The pair spent the rest of the day going to class, eating lunch and dinner, and heading to the library to