It's starting off with Sirius, as his summer vacation and birthday play a huge part in the rest of the chapter. As for Demi's past and what she is (because let's be honest, she isn't a full human) that will be revealed by the fourth or fifth chapter the latest, which I hope to have posted before the tenth of September. After which, it will be quite difficult for me to balance the story along with my work (it's my first year, so it's all new to me). And as for what she is and all the rest, it will be disclosed in full and I will not be leaving out any information. It will all be revealed, and to quote J.K. Rowling who created this masterpiece (I only own Demi and Kiaria); "' It is time,' he said, 'for me to tell you what I should have told you five years ago, Harry. Please sit down. I am going to tell you everything.'" (Rowling, 834) It was 11:40 pm on August 27th and not for the first time did an argument break out at number 12 Grimmauld Place. Sirius Black was sitting on his bed, browsing through a motorcycle manual he'd bought when he went to London to buy his school stuff, which currently lay packed in his trunk. Sirius was highly unusual in this respect. While most children were regretting the end of the summer holidays and were slowly preparing for the upcoming school year, Sirius hadn't unpacked properly since his arrival. He'd merely skimmed the top three quarts of his trunk and replaced his robes, cauldron, and other supplies. He was itching to go back to Hogwarts. To go back home. At the present moment, he was so deeply immersed in the seventh chapter of the manual entitled Gears, Oil, and Gas, that he didn't notice the arrival of several guests until his mother called him down. "Sirius Black, get downstairs now!" Walburga cried from the foot of the staircase. Sirius groaned before regretfully tossing the manual aside and dragging himself off his bed. Before heading out the door, he picked up his wand and tucked it safely into the waistband of his jeans, as though he were expecting to get attacked. Though, that was probably true. He trudged down the stairs, making an excessive amount of noise, hinting that if it were up to him, he'd still be in his room. As he wandered down the flights of stairs, he passed his younger brother Regulus' room. He stared at the closed door, looking at the nameplate wearily. Regulus had gone out of his way to make sure that he and his brother only saw each other at mealtimes, which for Sirius rarely occurred. Sighing, he continued to climb down and upon turning down the final flight was greeted by the face of his mother, cousin Bellatrix, and Rudolphus Lestrange. He looked at the trio before raising an eyebrow at his mother, "What?" Walburga's eyes flashed menacingly, "Don't speak to me in that ungrateful tone." She straightened up before nodding her head over at the pair standing beside her, "We have guests Sirius, and I expect you to be on you best behavior." Sirius laughed sourly, "Don't you think you expect too much from me? Now I just feel more inclined to be on my worst behavior. " He glanced over at Bellatrix who smiled maliciously, "Why hello, itty bitty baby Sirius," she cackled in a crude version of a baby's voice. Her hair was teased to an impressive height, and her tight curls fell down her back, giving her sharp jaw an edge. Her lips, which were in a smirk were painted blood red. If it wasn't for the fact that she was Sirius' cousin, he'd assume she was a vampire. Sirius grinned, "Aw, has someone learned their manners?" he asked sarcastically, waking down the last two steps before turning to the right and opening the door to a flight of stairs that lead to the kitchen. He held the door open, "Witches first." He held out an arm and made a gesture to signal Bellatrix on her way. She gave him a look of pure loathing before passing, "Blood Traitor," she muttered audibly as she passed. "Bitch," he said back as Rudolphus headed down the stairs after her. Walburga pulled out her wand and pointed it threateningly at her son, "If you say or do anything wrong I will kill you." With that, she too headed down the stairs, "Kreacher, go make some tea." A house elf suddenly appeared, crawling from behind Sirius to head down the stairs as well. "Of course my mistress. Kreacher would be delighted to help serve Miss Black and her guests. Kreacher lives to serve the Noble House of Black." He shot a nasty look at Sirius before heading down the stairs as well. Sirius shot one back before saying, "And it's getting blacker every day, it's filthy." He ignored Kreacher's muttering and headed down the stairs after them, knowing he would not be allowed to head back to his room peacefully. While Walburga did not want Sirius to interact with any of the others in the house, claiming that he would simply cause trouble, her husband Orion thought differently. He believed that if Sirius was around other purebloods, he too would begin to recognize how blessed he was, and forgo his interests in Muggles. While Walburga knew that Sirius was not one to be swayed easily, she continued to allow him to integrate with other members of the family when they came to visit. Sirius sat down at the farthest end of the table and watched the other three converse, keeping himself occupied by reciting lines of the manual in his head. He watched Kreacher prepare the tea, making sure the elf didn't slip anything in his cup, as he'd attempted to do on the first week of the holidays. However, Walburga had turned a blind eye and gave Sirius the thrashing that Kreacher so rightly deserved. However, Sirius had somehow managed to survive the rest of his time here with a minimal amount of thrashings, which was- in his mind- pretty good for someone whose mere presence was a bother. Kreacher passed him by, placing a cup of tea in front of him. Sirius looked down at the brown liquid and squinted. After five minutes, he decided it was safe to drink and was about to raise the cup to his mouth when Regulus walked in. Sirius eyed his younger brother with interest. While Sirius had managed to get Regulus alone on a few occasions, the boy would simply nod his head when Sirius told him not to listen to the older Slytherins, as they were bound to become Death Eaters. "The last thing I want to do is fight you. That's not because I'm scared, it's because I still love you," he told him. Regulus gave a slight jerk of the head before turning around and going into his bedroom, slamming the door in Sirius' face. Regulus went and sat down next to his mother, giving no indication that he recognized Sirius sitting in the shadows. Sirius shook his head slightly and looked back over at his cousin and Rudolphus, who was saying; "The Dark Lord's wishes are of utmost importance, and we have been blessed with this mission." Sirius snorted, and placed his tea down, looking warily over at the four figures at the end of the table. "Do you have something to say?" Bellatrix said in a menacing tone. It was a sign of deepest anger when Bellatrix spoke as a normal person. Sirius smirked, "Yes, as it so happens I do" he replied in a haughty voice. "If it's such an important mission, then why are you boasting about it? Wouldn't . . . Voldemort want -" "SHUT UP!" screeched Bellatrix, throwing her cup at Sirius, who swatted it aside. "How dare you speak the Dark Lord's name? How dare you taint it with your muggle-loving lips! How dare-" "Oh f*** off, Bellatrix. It's just a name. And besides, what does he care if I use it?" Sirius asked, watching his cousin itch and squirm. Bellatrix pulled out her wand and shot a few curses at Sirius, whose hand was resting on his wand before, allowing him to quickly deflect the curses. He shot a few back at her and soon, the pair were dueling in the basement. Walburga and Rudolphus joined in. The four dueled, and Sirius while fighting, tried to keep an eye out for Regulus, who was nowhere to be seen. Probably ran upstairs to hide, the coward Sirius thought savagely, as he managed to put the full body bind on Rudolphus, who toppled over, knocking Bellatrix down with him. Sirius caught a few stinging and severing charms and soon, his black shirt and jeans were soaked with blood. He quickly overturned the table, barricading Rudolphus, Bellatrix, and his mother on the opposite side of the room. He wrenched open the door and hurried up the stairs, " Colloportus" he muttered, locking the door behind him. He quickly turned up the stairs, intent on barricading himself in his room. Just as he reached the third floor, he saw the door of his room wide open, and rushed in, his wand pointing threateningly at the intruder. "Regulus?" he asked, looking at his brother, who was tossing his stuff into his trunk. Regulus didn't reply, but continued to pack Sirius's trunk, not looking at him. Sirius lowered his wand slightly, "Reg, what do you think you are doing?" eyeing his brother wearily. He could feel the trickle of blood from a wound at the top of his head, and gingerly touched it. When he withdrew his hadn't, he was not surprised to see it covered in dark red blood. A second later he heard the basement door be blown off, and a loud scream. "ALL THIS PURE BLOOD SPILT IN THE NAME OF WHAT?" Shouted Walburga. "IN THE NAME OF MUGGLES OF COURSE!" Sirius replied fiercely, laughing for the added effect. He heard the sounds of his mother bustling up the staircase. He turned back to Regulus, who had just clicked the suitcase shut, and quickly rushed around Sirius to slam the bedroom door closed. " Colloportus . . . Muffliato," Regulus said in a tired voice, before turning back to face Sirius. "Get out of here, now," he said breathily. Sirius was taken aback, "Why?" he asked, confused. Regulus sighed and rushed over to his brother, grasping his forearms, which were also sticky with his blood. "Get out now. There's no way she's going to let you live here peacefully. You need to get out while you can, I'll try to hold her off." Sirius was completely bewildered, "What? Listen- Reg, you can't do this. She'll know that you've helped me. She won't spare you, and I'm talking about the pair of them." Regulus sighed before staring in his brother's equally stormy grey eyes, "Don't you see? She thinks I'm the better son, and as long as you play the hoodlum, I will be fine. Just rough me up a little, and that'll take her mind off of you for a moment. You'll be able to get outside and go. Lay low at Alphard's or Andromeda's, alright?" Sirius shook his head stubbornly, "Reg I'm not leaving you here with her. Come with me!" he said determinedly. Regulus shook his head, "No. They'd expect this from you, not me. The shock alone would kill mum. They need to have one son." Regulus turned away from Sirius, "I'm sorry for everything," he said bitterly. Sirius wasn't prepared for this and gave his brother a hug, something he hadn't done in years. "Be good, and if she's giving you a hard time, let me know, okay?" Regulus nodded but knew he would never tell Sirius anything. His brother had suffered enough at the hands of