Hello, everyone! It's time for the fun to begin. Now, if you haven't read the first story, I suggest you do so or else you'll be completely confused. We're going to see a lot of changes happening with Middle-earth and its people. Characters you know and love may die, but that's what happens during war. This story will introduce some new characters, good and bad, and take you to some new places. Eventually, we'll be going to the capital, which I'm very excited to write about. This story will get more mature as it progresses, so I might have to boost the rating. We'll see. Anyway, enjoy the first chapter of the sequel, and again, if you haven't read the first story, READ IT NOW! Chapter 1: Treasures, Toils, and Trolls Rocks. Rocks everywhere. I was surrounded by rocks: big rocks, small rocks, some rocks that weren't even rocks at all but were actually large dirt clods. Turin thought he had stepped on a dirt clod once, but it was actually something far less pleasant. And what did he wipe his dirty foot on? A rock, of course. If Middle-earth's currency was based on rocks, I would have been the richest woman in the kingdom, but I expected that much from a cave. Oh, but caves were true places of wonder, where hidden treasures waited to be unearthed and never-before-seen creatures lurked in the darkness. Turin was searching for a few gems of his own, but I was looking for something far more valuable: a cave-troll. In all my life, I had never actually seen a cave-troll; in fact, I'd been told they no longer existed. One man said they all had just died off once the One Ring was destroyed, but I refused to believe that. In my travels, I had seen many creatures long believed to be extinct, so I still had faith. Now, I had seen trolls before. Prior to visiting the Misty Mountains, we had spent two years in the Northlands with Elladan and Elrohir. The air was cold, the days were short, and the blistering winds seemed without end, but we traveled through it all, refusing to stop no matter how severe the conditions were. It was during one of these dangerous treks that I saw something amidst the blowing snow: a great shadow. It was a snow-troll, with thick fur as white as the snow and teeth sharper than icicles. Fierce as the winter winds, it came at us, running on all fours and attacking with dagger-like claws. And no arrows could penetrate its hide. And no sword could cut its flesh. But when the sun rose, its body turned to ice, perfectly preserving the beast's snarling expression in a frozen sculpture. Turin later attempted to shatter the large block of ice, but the only thing that broke was his sword. According to Elrohir, the boy was too careless with his weapons, and that was true still. With first his sword and then his dagger, Turin chipped away at the cave walls, trying to dig out something that shimmered in the rock. He was convinced it was a jewel of some sort, and so he was knowingly destroying both his blades just to retrieve a tiny sparkle that was no bigger than the tip of my pinky. "It is just a rock," I said. "It shines like a diamond," he argued, grunting as he pushed his dagger harder into the stone. "Then it is a shiny rock, but still a rock." Finally, the tip of his dagger snapped off. He looked down at the blade with disgust. "Elven steel, they said. Strong enough to withstand anything, they said. It might as well be made of wood." "It is not meant for mining," I kindly reminded him. "Perhaps you should have asked them to make you a pickaxe instead." "But what good is a pickaxe against a cave-troll?" "What good is a dull sword?" I fired back with a smirk, silencing him for just a moment. He sheathed his broken dagger. "We have spent weeks traveling these mountains, and I have yet to see a cave-troll—or anything, for that matter. Soon, I will have to fight my own shadow for entertainment." And I wonder who would win , I nearly said, but the words remained locked behind my lips, for when I looked upon the short stump that formed Turin's left arm, I realized that it would have been unkind to say such a thing. Since losing his arm, Turin's swordsmanship had suffered greatly, and I knew he was sensitive about it. He had the potential to become a great swordsman, Elladan once said, but now it seemed like he had lost much of his fighting spirit. He fought to kill, not to grow stronger, and he did not respect his weapons, not as he once did. The old Turin would have never used his sword as a pickaxe. I placed my hand on his shoulder and smiled. "Come, Turin. I know we're close." As much as Turin hated to admit it, I knew he was happier now that it was just the two of us again. For the past four years, Elladan and Elrohir had been accompanying us on our adventures, but this year they had to return to Rivendell, for reasons they would not say, but I knew the matter was urgent. Of course, I was glad to be with Turin as well. After years of dreaming about it, we were finally seeing the world together. But we had very different desires, I soon found out: Turin wanted glory and riches, to make a name for himself, and I ... I just wanted to see the natural wonders of Middle-earth. We moved through the tunnel slowly. I carried a small torch to light our way, and Turin carried his sword, dragging it against the cave floor like it was nothing more than a worthless piece of iron. But this was an elven blade, handcrafted by Elrohir so that Turin would have a sword light enough to wield with one arm. He had put so much work into it, and Turin was treating it so carelessly. It made me angry. "There is a light," I said. The warm, red-orange glow of firelight lit up the dark tunnel from below. There was a small hole in the cave floor, opening to a long rope ladder with wooden rungs, many of which were broken. It seemed very unstable, and very dangerous, but I wanted to see what lay beyond the bridge at the bottom, so I abandoned the torch and took hold of the ladder with both hands. "Wait, what are you doing?" Turin asked in a panic. I spoke calmly. "Turin, this is a ladder, and what do we do with ladders?" "Push them down and hope nobody climbs back up," he answered urgently. My lips curled into a mindful smirk. "We climb down." With that, I began my descent, moving slowly and carefully down the fragile rungs. "Oh, Turin, where's your sense of adventure? Don't you want to see what's at the bottom?" "Not really," he grumbled, and for a while, I thought he was actually going to stay up there, but then he swung his legs over the edge and started his climb. Down we climbed, and then we kept on climbing, lower and lower, plummeting deep into an enormous cavern that seemed to go on forever in every possible direction. No matter how much I strained my eyes, I could not see the end. It was as large as a great city, with a very intricate bridge system that went on for miles, lit by hundreds of torches. I jumped off the ladder before reaching its end and landed hard on the wooden bridge. "I know this place," I said, staring around the underground city in complete fascination. "This is Goblin-town!" Turin lingered on the bottom rung. "Goblin-town?" I walked up and down the bridge, taking in all that my eyes would allow me. "Yes, Father used to tell stories about this place, about the Great Goblin most of all. He was chief of the goblins, and he was as big as a troll, with a humongous head and a huge belly that jiggled and made the earth quake when he laughed." I giggled at the memory of Father imitating him. "He could crush a man's head with one hand, and he sometimes kept his enemies' skulls as trophies and decorated his throne with them." Turin jumped down and landed beside me. "He sounds like a worthy opponent." "He is dead, slain by Gandalf the Grey many years ago." Suddenly, my eyes lit up with excitement. "I wonder if the throne is still here!" Turin caught my arm just as I was about to start looking. "Ana, now is not the time to relive your childhood fantasies. We are but two people. We are not prepared to fight a whole town of goblins." I stepped away from him. "But, Turin, that is why I left home in the first place, to see all the places I've dreamed about. I cannot leave now." "But ..." "Turin, don't you realize what this place represents? People think goblins are mindless, wild barbarians who act purely on instinct, but this proves otherwise. They have a civilization here, a society with its own rules— rules we may not understand, of course, but they are rules! There is so much to be learned here. How can you just walk away?" He shook his head. "Do you hear yourself? You sound crazy! There are hundreds, maybe thousands of goblins here, Ana, and I doubt they want you studying them." "Where are they now?" I shot back as I moved across the bridge. "Do you see any goblins, Turin?" Turin looked around. "No, but I see torches, which means somebody is home." "Then you'd best keep your voice down," I said with a giggle before breaking into a run. "Come, Turin! Think of it as another adventure!" It was rather reckless, I had to admit, but I was just so excited to be in Goblin-town that I sort of lost all my sense. I ran all over that cavern, traversing every bridge I could step onto, hoping to uncover the secrets of goblin society. Was it very different from our society? Did they have social classes as we did? Those might have been silly questions, but my curiosity was without limits. What I wanted to know most, though, was where they were now. As Turin had said, the torches were lit, but they were nowhere in sight. Then, at last, I saw one: a tiny brown goblin, armed with a spear but nonthreatening to my eyes. It crossed one of the lower walkways and disappeared into a small cave, igniting my curiosity. Turin had just caught up with me when I decided to chase after it, and he was not happy with my decision. Over and over, he hissed at me, "You're mad! You're going to get us both killed!" but I didn't listen to him. Perhaps I was mad, but that goblin was going to lead me to something very interesting, I could feel it. We followed the goblin through dark, narrow tunnels and across shallow streams, plunging deeper and deeper into the cavern, so far that we would likely never find our way back, but still I continued to follow. Turin was panting and urging me to go back, but I couldn't, not after coming so far. I stopped only when the goblin stopped. It brought me all the way into a large cave with a crushingly low ceiling covered in dripstone that jutted out in every angle. Hundreds of goblins were gathered for ... a meeting, perhaps. Some were standing on the ground, others were sitting upon rocks, but they were all gathered around a center ring, where a larger goblin was speaking rather fervently in a