For this story, it will really just be a mix of different one-shots. Each being about either Catoniss, Everlark, Karvel, or even Finniss. No Gale x Katniss, sorry... Anyways, each individual story will be based off of a quote. Some containing song lyrics at the end, but not all. I'm open to any of y'all's ideas, you can either DM them to me or you can just leave the idea in the reviews! Thanks! Here you go and please enjoy! Catoniss "I know I'm not the easiest one to love..." "Damn Cato, that final play Friday night was fucking genius! I don't know how you did it, you had at least five guys on you yet you still made the catch, and you ran for the touchdown! You must have broken six tackles, you're like a tank! I don't know what the team would do without you." I hear the voice of Finnick exclaim. Then the deep voice of Cato rings out, "Y'all would lose." He sums up. "I mean come on, I got all the points last night. Aside from the field goal we had to kick because Gloss couldn't make a fucking touchdown from the five yard line." He says cockily. I hear the person next to me huff as they furiously whisper to their friend. "He's such an arrogant jackass!" "I know! How the hell does he even have friends? Much less a girlfriend!" The other friend rudely responds. I sigh, I know they are talking about Cato. Who else would they be talking about? I shut my locker and then I feel strong arms encase me from behind, pulling my back against a solid chest, and I feel warm breath on my ear. "Guess who, love?" The melodic of my voice of my boyfriend asks. I can't help the smile that forms on my lips. I turn in his arms to meet the vibrant blue eyes of Cato. He pouts adorably, "You didn't guess." I chuckle and press a small kiss to his lips, efficiently removing the pout and replacing it with a smile. You see, I've been dating Cato for about a year now. The two of us being undeniably in love, we have been since only month three of dating. Cato admitted his love to me first, admitting it after only two months of being together. It took me slightly longer to admit mine. He may be the jerk of the school, but I've fallen in love with him anyways. Because as much as he's a jerk to others... he's never like that to me. He's the sweetest guy I've ever met, towards me at least. He's the best boyfriend a girl could ask for; being a hopeless romantic. He does everything any girl would love, he buys me flowers, sends me good morning texts, makes me stupid love songs that mean the world to me, calls me beautiful even after I've just woken up and no doubt look like shit, he takes me on the most amazing dates, tells me he loves me at random times everyday; he does everything. Sure he's the most popular jock of our school, and that usually screams player. But everyone knows he only has eyes for me. And I for him. "Ready to go to class?" I ask. He nods and presses a kiss to my forehead, keeping one arm around my waist as we walk down the halls. He offers to take my books for me and I oblige, letting him carry them for me. As we pass Peeta Mellark, I look at Cato who smirks and slaps Peeta's books out of his hand. Peeta looks up at him and shock and anger. "Oh gee, I'm so sorry Peeta! I wasn't looking where I was going." Cato sneers, laughing as Peeta scrambles to pick up the papers that flew out of his binder. I sigh and hang my head, I may love Cato more than anything but I don't have to like what he does to other people. He's a bully; the bully you always dread when high school crosses your mind. No, he doesn't hurt anyone physically, thankfully, but he does hurt them verbally. And in my opinion that's even worse. Although he has gotten in two fights, they were with two guys from our rival school after two of his football games. He got into the fight because, well, they tried to get with me. Other than that, he only verbally abuses other students. And I hate it, I hate it more than anything. He eventually stops laughing and starts to walk again, sighing with a few more chortles of laughter. I still hang my head, and keep my eyes focused on the ground. "Hey... Are you okay Kitten?" Cato's voice asked, filled with concern. The mockery he previously spoke to Peeta with nowhere to be found. I nod slightly, lifting my head just barely so that I can give him a small smile that's somewhat forced. "Oh come on love, I'm not that naive," he says gently. He stops and makes me turn to him, he lifts my chin delicately so that my eyes meet his. "Are you alright?" He asks again, his eyebrows knitted together in worry and concern. I smile gently at his worry, and lift my hand to smooth out the wrinkles that appear on his forehead. "I'm fine Cato," I say gently yet forcefully. Leaving no room for argument. He nods, not entirely convinced, and we continue to walk to class. People move out of our way as we walk down the hall. Cato's arm is back around my waist, holding me close to him. We walk past Gloss, one of Cato's enemies here at this school. He winks at me and I hear Cato growl, he pulls me even closer to him. "Back off fucker, she's mine," he snarls to Gloss. Gloss simply chuckles and walks in the other direction. Cato's tense for the rest of the walk to class, so when we sit down in our seats I place my hand on his back and start rubbing it soothingly. His muscles slowly relax and he gives me a grateful smile, leaning down to press a chase kiss to my lips. I move my hand back to my lap and he takes it, interlacing our fingers under the table. The bell rings and our teacher begins role call, just then Beetee runs in late. "Ah Beetee, late again. That's your... fourth tardy? One more and you get a weeks worth of detention. Go take a seat." Mr. Snow growls to him. I hear Cato laughing beside me, making me sigh in shame yet again. "But if Cato comes in late you simply 'let it slide'! It's not fair!" He complains. "Well when you become the greatest wide receiver our school has every seen, then you too can arrive late." Cato pipes up arrogantly. Beetee turns and glares at my boyfriend. "But since that will never happen, go take your seat Beetee." Cato fake commands, getting half the class to laugh. Including Mr. Snow. Beetee sighs dejectedly and goes to sit down. "Alright class, settle down." He says, getting ready to write on the board but then the announcements come on. " Good morning students of Hunger High, today for lunch the special will be roast beef." The monotone voice speaks, and I kind of tune out until I hear Cato's name. The previously monotone voice changing to sound giddy and excited. "Oh! And let's give a a big round of applause to our stay player, Cato Embers! Cato scored 28 points last night, leading us to victory in the final quarter with his 50 yard touchdown. Congratulations on the win Cato! You never seem to let us down." The principal says, concluding the announcements and resulting in the class clapping for Cato. Other than Beetee and a few others. I look up at Cato and I see the proud look in his eyes, hidden to others by his cocky smile. I lean up to kiss his cheek because I am proud of him for the win, I always am. I'm just not proud of the way he shows it off. He laughs and nods, reveling in the attention. "Calm down, calm down!" Snow orders before he begins class. xxx Cato drives me to his house for dinner with his family. I eat dinner with him and his family once a week actually. It's something Cato requested because family means so much to him, and since I mean everything to him he wanted me to be included in everything that has to do with family. Or at least that's how he explained it. I love his family so of course I agreed to come over for dinner once a week. I turn on the radio and lay my head on Cato's shoulder as he drives his old truck, his arm going around me as he kisses the top of my head. His CD turns on, it's a mix of different classics I got him for his birthday. It has all his favorite songs on it. "I love you," he says quietly. I smile and snuggle closer to him. "I love you too." We both start quietly singing along with Rod Stewart singing Maggie May. We soon pull into his driveway, he gets out quickly, running to my side so that he can open the truck door for me. I'm about to step out, but before I can Cato quickly picks me up bridal style. I begin to laugh as he smiles widely, he swings me around as he laughs with me. "You know, Kitten, when we get married some day, I'm going to be doing the same thing. Only we will be going to our own house." He whispers, all traces of laughter gone. I look up at him to see him looking back at me softly, so softly. I raise a hand and gently caress his cheek, he leans into my touch, closing his eyes for a small second and he sighs contently. "I can't wait." I whisper back. He opens his eyes, showing me all the love swimming within their dark blue depths, and then his lips meet mine in a slow and passionate kiss. He nibbles on my bottom lip, asking for entrance and I happily allow it to him. We keep the kiss slow, allowing me to savor his taste and him mine. I pull away first, being out of breath. I lay my forehead against his, our slightly heavy breaths mingling. My stomach growls and a blush forms on my cheeks. Cato chuckles and pulls his head away, but not before he kisses my forehead. "Let's go get some dinner," he says, walking inside with me still in his arms. "Cato! Katniss!" A young voice squeals. Then Cato's little sister came running to us, she grabs onto Catos leg and hugs it, grinning up at us. "Hey my little munchkin!" Cato greets her, setting me down gently so that he can pick up his 3 year old sister. He picks her up with one arm and cradles her on one arm. "Catoooooo, put me down! I wanna see Katniss!" She whines with a pout. He sets her down, resulting in her running to me. "Katniss!" She squeals. I smile at her and kneel down, opening my arms for her to run in to. "Hey there sweetie," I greet, giving her a hug. She pulls back and smiles widely, showing her front tooth missing already. She then runs back into the kitchen informing her mother that we are here. Cato walks back to me and sighs, "How is it that my own sister likes you more than she likes me?" I shrug, "It's hard not to like me Cato." He grins and kisses my cheek, "True, very true." He looks towards the kitchen and then at the clock on the wall. "I don't think dinners