Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter series, or any characters except for those I make up like Annalee Abbott (thought JKR does own the Abbotts in general). I also do not own Monster by Imagine Dragons. Some spells will be mine but none in this chapter. All spells in this chapter are from JKR or Harry Potter wikia. Some of the description for things are hers as well (the hall, McGonagall's speech). This chapter is long but the next two will most likely not be this long (this chapter was a hundred short of nine thousand words). WHAT TO EXPECT FROM THIS FANFICTION: -Jily eventually -Marauder friendship (yes, including Pettigrew) -Snape and James fighting -Dark Arts Snape (I don't really like Snape, nor do I think James or Lily drove him to join Voldemort) -The rising of Voldemort (not sure if I'll have Voldemort himself yet). -Pranks -Smart Sirius and James (does anyone get annoyed when people make them seem like idiots? I mean McGonagall herself said they were exceedingly bright.) -Mischievous Remus (he will be smart, but I feel like some fanfics make him seem too book-centered, yes he cared about his grades, but he's still a Marauder) -Silly (or not so silly) James and Lily interactions -Sirius and Regulus -Lily and Petunia -The animagus process -Fun Lily (same reason as Remus. Lily in a lot of fanfics I've read is usually too book-centered or seems like a total loner with no friends. In the OotP flashback she was with a group of girls who I assume were her friends, plus she tells Snape her friends don't know why she's even talks to him). -How the rest of the Marauders and Lily find out about Moony (Lily will not find out before the Marauders, I hate the movie quote by Remus because it made it seem like the Marauders weren't supportive like no! I haven't decided when I'll have her find out yet but I'm debating between _ year or _). -The falling out of Snape and Lily (I don't mean the flashback from DH and OotP, I just think that him calling her that was just the last straw). -Neither Sirius nor Remus will be falling in love with anyone. A) because Remus refers to Sirius as a ladies' man on Pottermore B) on Pottermore it says Remus had never been in love before Tonks. I will, however, probably give him a girlfriend at one point. -and more! WHAT NOT TO EXPECT: -the Marauders not liking and mistreating Peter at every second (I hate the guy, but James and Sirius wouldn't be friends with someone if they didn't like the person) -Peter being completely talentless (he was a bleeding animagus, even if he had help he still did it, he can't have been bad at everything). -James shagging every bleeding girl in the bloody school (I really hate this because I don't think Lily would ever fall for a guy like that.) -James asking Lily Evans out every day (one, that is creepy and again Lily wouldn't go out with someone like that. Two, I can't see James taking rejection like that everyday and still being arrogant.) -James being a bully for the sole reason of being an arse (except with Snape maybe, but neither are innocent). READ AUTHOR'S NOTE AT THE BOTTOM FOR INFORMATION ABOUT THE NEXT FEW CHAPTERS. Also, this chapter is primarily about Remus, from the beginning of his life basically until his first day at Hogwarts. Enjoy! — " Monster," Imagine Dragons — This is the story of children who became soldiers in a war they didn't start. The story of children paying for their parents' mistakes. The story of how two boys loved one girl. The story of four friends. The story of two sisters and two brothers, and what drove them apart. The story of friendship and love and heartbreak and mischief managed. This is the story of Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs. The Story of Snape and Lily, Lily and James and how their story unfolded before the Chosen One. This is the story of before "the-boy-who-lived," lived. — Lyall Lupin had everything a man his age could ever hope for—a loving wife and son. His son was everything he could have wished for and more, having just turned four, Remus had been displaying extraordinary accidental magic for the past several months. "Dad!" Remus ran towards him. "Come see what I did to mam!" Remus took his hand dragging him to see his wife. The site of her made him burst into laughter. Remus had not only turned her hair neon green but also managed to make it spiky. "Hello, love, lovely color don't you think?" Remus grinned, "It almost matches her eyes." Hope attempted to glare but cracked a smile. "Be a dear and change it back, please." Lyall Lupin flicked his wand at her, shooting a white light. "There as good as new." "I'm so proud of our little wizard. It won't be long before he's at Hogwarts," Hope said tearfully, sitting Remus on her lap. "A Gryffindor at heart," Lyall said smiling down at them. "I don't know," she smiled back at him. "From what you described, I can see him being a Ravenclaw." "What if I'm neither," Remus asked. "It doesn't matter, son, we'll love you either way." — "How was work today?" Hope Lupin asked her husband one night after putting their son to bed. "Well, I suppose. I was asked to join the Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures today. I accepted." He told her. "They're overloaded with cases of Dark Creatures and thought I'd be well suited for the job considering my work with Non-Human Spiritous Apparitions." "Is it dangerous?" She wondered. "No more than hunting boggarts," he grinned remembering how they met. "Don't worry, everything will be fine." "I love you," "I love you too," he said, kissing her briefly. — Lyall had been working in his department for months now and he had yet to encounter a werewolf. Until now. There had been multiple attacks that seemed linked to them , but they usually brought in confused muggles (if anything). Fenrir Greyback was different, he could tell. His jaw was slightly clenched, and his body was tense—possible agitation from the upcoming full moon. He was extremely pale as if he were ill. The others hadn't noticed yet, he claimed to be a muggle tramp—that would account for his ill look. It was hard to tell who the real werewolves were from the fake, the Werewolf Registry was badly maintained nowadays and those who had been infected with the disease tended to live in packs and avoid detection in order to remain unregistered. Greyback was here after being sighted hours after the deaths of two muggle children—the children appeared to had died from a dog attack, but the wizarding community knew better—near the scene of the crime. He denied everything and pretended to be shocked at the existence of wizards. "Poor children," uttered Greyback, "Do you have any leads?" He looked horrified at the talk of the children, that mixed with his filthy muggle clothes and lack of wand convinced two of the interrogators of his story, yet Lyall still suggested keeping him until the full moon the following day. "Lyall, you stick to Welsh Boggarts, that's what you're good at." He was ridiculed by his fellow co-workers while Greyback sat there quietly. Lyall was angry by their ridicule and ignorance of the beast, he described werewolves as "soulless, evil, deserving nothing but death," causing him to be ordered out the room. — On the sixteenth of February, young Remus Lupin's life would change forever. Unknown to him, Fenrir Greyback would exact his revenge upon Lyall that night as Remus slept peacefully after another long day of playing with his mum. Fenrir quietly forced open Remus's window and waited for his transformation to complete. When he transformed, he sprung upon the child, clawing at his back and biting his neck. Remus screamed loudly at the feeling of something clawing at him. Remus fell off his bed and came face to face with the beast that would forever haunt him. Was it a big dog? The beast had a wild look to it, as if it was glad. Lyall came through the door shouting spells to get the beast away from his son. "Expulso!" He shouted, his wand pointed at the mutt. The spells became stronger until the animal jumped out the window. Lyall closed the window and uttered protection spells to keep them safe. He looked back to his son and saw his wife (when did she get here?) hugging a barely conscious child. Lyall rushed to Remus's side and began chanting healing spells, it wasn't enough. Lyall rushed to his study to grab potions and potion ingredients he kept for emergencies. After mixing powdered silver with dittany, he applied it to Remus neck to seal his bite; he attempted to use it to heal the scars, but they wouldn't heal. Remus Lupin would forever wear those scars on his back because of him. Lyall focused on the fact that his son was alive. He could not let his guilt over Greyback (for what other werewolf would have have any reason to sneak into his house and touch his son?) just yet—he'd have time for guilt later—but right now, Remus needed him. Lyall focused on getting Remus's blood loss under control by giving him a bit of a Blood-Replenishing Potion every hour for the next several hours. Remus slept in his parents' bed that night. Lyall and Hope Lupin didn't sleep that night. They knew what was to occur; Remus John Lupin would be a werewolf. Lyall Lupin was filled with grief at the fate he had convicted his son to, he regretted the day that he voiced his—and the wizarding community's—opinion on werewolves in Greyback's presence, but he would do anything in his power to help his son overcome this. This was Lyall's fault, after all. — Remus's first transformation occurred a week after his fifth birthday. His parents locked him in the basement, protected with enchantments and silencing spells to prevent Remus from escaping or neighbors from stopping by. His parents waited outside the door. The werewolf was confused. Where was he, it wondered. He could smell human flesh just outside the door, yet he could not escape. The pup was hungry; he began to whimper after an hour of trying to escape. It needed flesh, there was no flesh in the room, no flesh but himself. With that thought he began to bite himself, it didn't taste as good as human flesh surely would, but it would suffice. Hours went by until he transformed back. Remus lied on the basement floor, half-asleep when he heard the voice of his mother, "Remy, dear?" "Mam?" His voice was just above a whisper. His mother and father came in a minute or so, they had tears running down their faces. "I'm sorry," He whispered to his parents. "It's not your fault, son," His father said as he carefully picked his son off the cold floor and carried him up to his bedroom to patch him up. — Months and moons passed by quickly, the Lupins had moved houses multiple times as a result of Remus's transformations. In muggle towns and villages, the families grew suspicious that the poor Lupin boy was being abused by his parents. Remus Lupin frequently sported bruises and scratches on his body from banging on objects while attempting to escape his prison. He avoided people and was always on alert as if expecting something bad to occur, the idea of him being abused wasn't as absurd as one would think but it was by his werewolf self. Wizarding folks were more dangerous to the Lupin's secret, they were the ones who suspected the truth as Remus disappeared once a month and his ill appearance