Months passed. For a while, I was able to keep up the illusion that the doctor was giving me help, but just being away from the war, from the games, was helping me alot. Haymitch eventually sobered up, but it was a long hard journey both Peeta and I helped him though. Peeta. The trama of losing his family was worse than pulling Haymitch back from the bottom of a bottle. He kept playing the 'Real or Not real?' game with us. Where was his mother? Dead, or not dead? His brothers? His Father? Everytime we would tell him Dead, not real. It took me a full month to convince him they were gone, then I never saw him for an entire month. We could hear him though, bashing through his house, breaking things. Eventually, it went quiet. I remember it well. I was out tending to the Primroses he had planted all along the side of my house. I'd decided each individual flower was a different person that had helped me out. The taller they were, the older the person. Of course, I couldn't name each and every one of them, so I'd started making signs, putting them behind the flowers for the ones that meant the most to me. Prim, Finnick, Cinna, Rue. On this particular day, I was making signs for each of Peeta's family members, carefully writing each of their names in fluid letters, making sure to try and get each ones personality through. For once, I didn't hear him approach, just felt his arms around my shoulders as he sat behing me, head resting against the back of mine. I swallowed, lowering my eyes as I lifted on hand to stroke the back of his head. I already knew he was trying hard to piece himself back together, so I let him sit there in silence. "You're writing names for everyone?" Peeta finally asked. His voice was hoarse, almost breaking with the strain to keep from crying. "Just for the people who meant the most to me. It'd be impossible for me to remember everyone. To get all their names down." I tell him. "I thought I'd add your family in here. They deserve a nice place to rest. Right beside Prim and all the people I loved." I felt Peeta shift behind me, moving so he can rest his head on my left shoulder, to watch me. "Heard anything from your mom?" The question is laced with more than the simple meaning it has. I know what he means. Is she coming back? Ever since the war ended, she's been in District 4, though we've been trying to find different names for them, to pry them away from those old days, but its one thing that seems to be sticking. In the six months that have passed, I've only heard from her a couple of times, and a handful of them were me caling her. "Not recently no. I called her a couple weeks ago. She said the Hospital was up and running, that they were really short handed because so few knew how to heal. They've got citizens from all over Panem there." I try to keep my voice level, but the thought of her never returning home has left a hole in my heart. One almost as big as the one Prim left, but that one has started to heal. I know she's not coming back. Not ever. Buttercup helps me out though. The cranky old cat seems to radiate her all the time, and I wonder if this was why she wanted me to keep him alive? Incase something happened to her and he was all I had left. "Maybe we can go and visit her one day. When they've fixed the railroad and the trains?" Peeta offers. I drop the paper I'd been working on, looking upwards as I take a deep breath. I'd never thought of this. Since the railroad had been destroyed during the war, during the riots, I'd never thought that one day I could go and visit her. To actually see her. Sure, there were Hovercrafts, but those had been reserved to moving patients to and from District 4. When a patient was well enough to be returned home, that's how they were transported, though some wished to stay and help. We all knew relocating citizens some where they were unaccustomed to was not a good idea, and over populating the area was even worse. Still, I knew why they were allowing the well to return home; staying in a house that belonged to the dead just seemed wrong. One day though, when Panem was rebuilt and well, people would begin to move around, taking shelter in those homes. I turn my head in the direction of our old village. Since the return, many District 12 citzens, along with the help of those in other Districts, have beguin rebuilding the village. They first built houses, with a majority of the people staying in the Victors Village with us. Peeta and I had offered our homes, to allow people to stay until they had a place of their own, but no one took our offer. Neither of us are sure why, but we decided it was for the best, what with some of our mental break downs. Haymitch had offered too, but even his offer was declined, and he was more stable than us. So the remaining nine houses were packed to the brim with people, and the rest either took shelter in the District Building, or found a place in town to take shelter, though there really was none. Now, they're building shops in the square, trying to make it seem more like a village. Instead of having the shop in your home, its a separate building. At first, this had baffled people, confused them even, but over time they accepted the idea with open arms. "Maybe. But not right now. I'm not ready." I tell Peeta, letting my head drop to look at the papers laid out before me. "How are you?" Now its Peeta's turn to remain quiet. Just like his, mine is loaded. How is he dealing with the death of his family? With the nightmares? The Hijacking? Us? "Better." He finally breaths out. "Better." I turn my head slightly to look at him, and find that he's looking at me too. "It was hard. Accepting their death." His voice is low, eyes flicking away from me. "But I think I've come to terms with it." "And the Nightmares?" I feel like I have to voice that one. Peeta's brows mesh and I can tell he's having troubles. "Some of them are from the Hijacking I think. Some of them just don't seem real enough to have been true. But still. They're frightening, and there's nothing there to make it better. To make them go away. You?" Now his eyes return to look at me. Instead of answering, I just shake my head. "I'm surprised I haven't woken up the village with my screaming." I wisper. "They're so vivid for me. Things that I know are real, because they're almost like memories." "Do you think we'll ever be how we were before?" Another loaded question. This time, I stay quiet a moment and think. I want to answer it properly, to give him a full answer. Will we ever be the way we were? Can we go back to that? "I dont think we will be the same, but we could be." We could go back to how we acted during the games. We could try that. As for before the games ever took us, before the war, I know we can never go back. Too much has happend. Too many things keep us awake at night, screaming their hatred at us. "I'd like that." Peeta says. "Do you miss him?" "Not anymore. I miss having him around to hunt, but I think having him away has done some good. I dont think he'll ever come back though. Too many painful memories for him here. He's needed in District 2, the same way my mother is needed and will never return." I tell him. "It's better this way. Allows us to grow apart, to become friends again." Peeta nods, and I feel him retracting from me. This makes me turn to look at him, but he's simply risen to his feet. "I guess we should check on Haymitch. Make sure he hasn't killed himself or something." There's a slight smile on Peeta's face, like he knows Haymitch wouldn't be able to do that. I laugh, rising to my feet so I can entwine my fingers in his and walk to Haymitch's together. When we get there, the doors wide open, the sound of feet and grumbling eminating from it. Confused, I release Peeta from my grip and peek around the corner. What I see surprises not only me, but Peeta who has followed my lead. Inside sits Annie, belly enormous as she slowly rubs it, a small smile on her face. Haymitch is pacing up and down the living room in front of her, one hand on his chin as he mutters to the floor. Timmidly, I knock, but Annie has already noticed me and her smile widens more. For some reason, she seems so different than to how she was when I'd met her in District 13. Haymitch snaps his head up to look at us, surprise clouding his face. "Oh, Katniss. Peeta." Haymitch says before looking momentarily back at Annie. "Come in, come in." He motions us in, but the two of us stay glued at the door. This makes Haymitch grumble and roll his eyes as he comes over to us, grabs us by the scruffs of our collars. "Don't look so petrified, I'm sure you guys have seen worse." What on earth does he mean by that? Is she diseased? I shoot Haymitch a questioning look, prompting him to roll his eyes again. I look over at Peeta just as we're shoved closer to Annie. Peeta simply smiles and shakes his head. Obviously I'm out of the loop again. "I'm sure you both remember Annie." Haymitch says, motioning towards her. She doesn't say anything, just nods enthusiastically before giving Peeta a slightly concerned look and covering her ears. Never mind, she's exactly the same. "Oh no no Annie. Peeta's better, I promise." I say, kneeling down and placing my hands on her knees. "Trust me, if he does anything that scares or hurts you, I'll knock him out myself and drag him far away." This makes her perk up and timidly remove her hands from her ears. My eyes fall from hers to her stomach and I quickly get up, unsure of how to take this. "So." Haymitch says, breaking into my thoughts. "Annie here has informed me that she is..." Haymitch trails off a moment, trying to figure out how to break this to me nicely. I've noticed Peeta already knows what's going on, since he's brush past me and is talking to her in a low voice, knelt down with one hair hovering questionly in the air. "well she's expecting." My head whips away from Peeta to look at Haymitch. Apparently my expression makes him carry on. "She needs some where to stay. Some where she can be looked after until the baby is born. Then we will find a place for her to stay. She's already informed me she does not wish to go back to her District." "Why not? My mothers there, she could help you with this." I sound petrified as I know what this entails. She'll most likely be staying with me, and me and babies do not go together. Me and pregnant people go together even less. I look at Annie, who's now smiling down at Peeta as he slowly runs a hand over her bloated belly. "Too many painful memories." I'd