Summary: Wizarding Britain descended into chaos and madness when a fire supposedly claimed the life of the cherished Girl-Who-Lived. Laws were changed. People took sides. Until a dhampir by the name of Krista turned up for her first year at Hogwarts School. This is her story—in a world that's gone mad. Cedric/Fem!Harry. Semi-dark fic. Fake prophecy. Here it is, the rewrite of Different Beginnings. And due to some plot change; I've also changed the title to suit the mood of the story. Like before, this story will be quite AU due to extreme changes from canon. And honestly, I'm not really certain if I still want to stick to a 'siding with Voldemort fic' or still have him as the antagonist along with a vampire antagonist due to Krista (female Harry) being part vampire. Like Different Beginnings, the pairing in this story will still be Cedric/Krista. I've never really liked all the discrimination towards dark and light in the books, and thus, Krista along with a few others will be on fairly neutral ground in the beginning. Unlike the previous version however, my characterisation of certain characters will be vastly different. There will also be more influences of the vampire world in this story, and I'm writing it based off my own original novel, so it will be original elements, though there will also be slight elements from other books and movies incorporated in this story. As a side note, there will be various name changes in this story, as when I've first written Different Beginnings, it was back in freaking 2009, so I tend to use more old-fashioned names due to me having just started my writing career. I'm modernising the names a bit here, due to having used some of the names in other stories. As for female Harry's name, I know that I've reused it quite a bit, but I'm clean out of ideas for names at this point. Also, I'm quite aware that grammar isn't exactly my strongest point in English, and I've also quite given up on engaging a beta reader as the last one that I have didn't exactly impress me a lot. Pairings: Cedric/Krista. Warnings: AU Universe. Gender switch. OC characters. Some character bashing. Mature scenes. Violence. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and any of the characters, but the OC characters belongs to me Chapter One: The Night's Servant Maybe you should take some time off, was what Klaus had suggested. See the sights—see the human world. You need time to heal from Elise's death. That was what Klaus had suggested nearly six years ago, and even now, six years after his older brother, his sister-in-law and even his father have shooed him out of Avalon, Ethan Nightray honestly doesn't even feel halfway healed. It is like a part of you had disappeared or even died, Carmella Morgenstern, Ethan's childhood friend since he was barely out of his diapers had told him days before his Bonding and wedding to his then fiancée. You won't really feel…'right'. And Carmella was right. It had been six years since his beloved's death, and Ethan still feels as if something is missing. It honestly didn't really help that Elise was pregnant at that time, and when those hunters have killed her, they've also killed their unborn child. Ethan had nearly gone mad with grief at that time. If it hadn't been for his brother, father and sister-in-law along with Carmella, he really would have. Honestly, Ethan doesn't really understand all the prejudice and contempt for the Hidden Circle—the Unseens, also sometimes known as the Downworlders. The vampires. The fey. The faeries. The elves. The goblins. Basically, all the non-humans. Ethan himself is one of them as well—younger brother to the High Prince of the Nightray vampire clan—one of the twelve vampire ruling clans over vampire kind. After the last wizarding war that had dragged in the Hidden Circle (against their will!), the members and clans of the Hidden Circle have scattered and hidden themselves from the prying eyes of humans—mundane and wizard-like. As the magic and spells of the Hidden Circle were much more potent than the wizards of this day and age, it wasn't very difficult to do so. Elise's death had hit Ethan hard—as her murder was one of those 'hunts' carried out during a time when the wizards hunt down and kill any Unseen that they could. Most members of the Hidden Circle were more than content to live in isolation away from humans. They don't wish to seek power and control, unlike contrary belief. Thus, when the Wizarding War had broken out, the Hidden Circle somehow found themselves dragged in too. And it was all that the Ministry of Magic could do to make reparations towards them after the war, as the Seven High Warlocks—technically the members of the ruling council of the Hidden Circle were pissed. While technically, it was the seven High Warlocks who made up the ruling council, the truth is that they rarely if never interferes in the affairs between the different clans. The only time they stepped in is when there's wizard interference. The different clans ruled themselves. They have their own laws and sacred creeds. And to the members of the Hidden Circle, their word is sacred. They always honour their own word. The honour and word of a member of the Hidden Circle is sacred to them. Something, like what Nikolai Nightray had told his sons scornfully once, the humans could do to learn. Ethan sighed even as he walked down the streets of Privet Drive, almost cringing at the almost identical houses even as he walked. He is never really that comfortable in the mundane world, unlike those high-and-mighty wizards and witches. But like most of the Hidden Circle, he could blend in perfectly well. As a noble vampire from one of the twelve vampire ruling clans, he is extremely good-looking with aristocratic features—with midnight black hair that reaches to the nape of his neck which frames his face perfectly and crimson red eyes. And despite being a little over two hundred years old, he could have passed off as a young man in his early twenties. ' Maybe I should just go home.' Ethan thought miserably to himself even as he left the residential district and wandered into the commercial district absently. 'I miss home. And I can't believe I'm saying this, but I miss Klaus and Vivian too. And Carmella.' His eyes then wandered onto a small bookstore tucked away neatly in a corner between a flower shop and a small eatery, and a small smile graced his face. Like most vampires, he might be extremely proficient in combat—it is in his blood after all, but Ethan also loves reading and learning new things. There is only so much you could do when you're immortal after all. The world is always advancing, and always learning. Unlike their wizarding counterparts in Great Britain who refuses to advance and thus remained stuck in the 16th century, the Hidden Circle is constantly advancing and learning to blend in, otherwise, the mundanes or some other human might have stumbled upon their existences by now. "Welcome, can I help you with anything?" A young man maybe in his early to mid-twenties greeted from behind the counter as Ethan stepped into the shop, with a bell ringing somewhere above his head even as he pushed the door opened. Ethan barely restrained a cringe, as his sensitive nose could smell all the years of dust and even the unmistakable smell of papers. "No, thank you. I'm just browsing." Ethan answered politely before he wandered off to the section labelled 'Literary'. It has been a long time since he was engrossed in a good book after all. The last time was with his wife when they were both giggling over another of Ernest Hemingway's works. Ethan was almost engrossed in Hamlet when his vampire hearing caught the sound of the bells tinkling and the high voice of a little girl talking to the bookstore owner. Out of curiosity, Ethan looked around the shelf that he is currently behind only to see the owner smiling at a small girl who looks about three, dressed in an oversized shirt nearly five times bigger than her and dark blue pants. Her feet was also bare, and Ethan narrowed his eyes, feeling his familiar temper slowly starting to bubble to the surface when his vampire sight caught the tell-tale signs of bruises on her arms and even bruises half-hidden beneath her oversized shirt. And by the hitches of breaths, Ethan could also wager that the little girl must have either hurt or broken some ribs. Ethan isn't stupid. He had seen enough of the mundane world to know an abused child when he'd seen one. Though who in the world is inhumane enough to hurt a child this young? She had to be only about three, and she looks simply adorable with that dark auburn hair that just reaches to her earlobes and big round green eyes. "Hello Kristina." The shop owner smiled down sadly at the little girl who is currently clutching a grocery bag that had to be heavier than her. "Back again, are you?" The little girl beamed at the man and nodded. "I can't stay long this time," she said sadly. "But do you have anymore of Charles Dickens? I really liked his stories." The man smiled sadly. "Of course." He reached to below the counter on his side and drew out a weather-beaten book that had 'The BFG' written across the cover. "This used to be one of my favourites." The little girl beamed as she reached out to take the book on her tippy toes before the bookstore owner narrowed his eyes and grasped Kristina's tiny hands, turning them over so that he could see the palms. Ethan almost heard a silent furious roar in his ears as he saw what the store owner saw at the same time, and tightened his hold on the book in his hand. Burns. And blisters. Someone had deliberately burned that little girl's hands. Most likely on some stove or something, as a fire wouldn't do that. And those injuries are already starting to shown signs of infection which means that it must have happened sometime ago. What in the name of the Morrigan is the mundane police even doing? Didn't anyone notice the signs of abuse? " What happened?" The bookstore owner sounded furious as he stared down at those tiny hands. "Did they do this to you?" Kristina flinched at the fury and tugged her tiny hands out of the man's grasp. "It's nothing. I just…burned myself on the stove," she said timidly. She flinched as she saw that the bookstore owner looked as if he's about to snap. "I-I got to go! I'll come again another day! Bye!" And without even taking the book that she was offered earlier, the little redhead fled the shop, with the bell tinkling somewhere as she did. The bookstore owner cursed several expletives beneath his breath, muttering some death threats to someone called 'Dursley'. "Excuse me!" Ethan finally made up his mind, walking over to the counter and placing the book in his hand before the still furious man. "I would like to get this." The owner took several deep breaths to calm himself down before forcing a smile at Ethan and picking the book up. "Of course, sir," he said politely, but Ethan could see his hands shaking with fury. "If I may ask, who was that little girl? And what happened?" Ethan asked, adding a mild compelling spell in his words to make the owner a little loose-tongued. It is a skill of all the Night Children—being able to compel mortals to do their bidding. In an era before the time of the ministries and before the witches and wizards ruled themselves, the Hidden Circle need to have ways to