Reposted following the great fanfiction spring-cleaning tragedy of 2006. All recognizable characters belong to the Tolkien Estate. Dr Clearwater belongs to Ariel3. Physician Heal Thyself Dr Hildifons Brownlock was a hobbit with an eye to the main chance. A young and purposeful fellow lately arrived in Hobbiton from Buckland where he had served his apprenticeship under the ageing Dr Clearwater, Hildifons had his future clearly mapped out - and it was to be a glowing one, of that there was no doubt whatsoever in his mind. Hildifons had taken a gamble by accepting the post in Hobbiton, the place being something of a backwater compared to his old stamping ground, but he had been sure that this was the place to make his mark on the world. His mentor had taught him that the art of prospering as a Physician depended not upon how many people one healed but upon whom they were. You could save as many farm labourers as you liked and no one would notice you, but if you saved one of the scions of the leading families you were set for life. The Tooks and the Brandybucks were all well catered for in the medical line and even the Mayor in Michel Delving had physicians vying for his trade. In Hobbiton on the other hand there was only old Bilbo Baggins and he was as tough as old nails. There was very little in the way of reputation garnering medical opportunity to be had from a patron who not only failed to fall ill but also, by all accounts, didn't even seem to age. However, Hildifons kept his ear to the ground and when the local gossips started talking about Bilbo adopting young Frodo he seized the opportunity in both hands before someone else could reap the likely rewards. Frodo Baggins was a young hobbit barely in his tweens and, although Hildifons knew of no recurring health problems in his past, he did know that the arrival of Frodo in Bag End would more than double the opportunities of being called upon to perform a miracle cure. Not only were there the usual illnesses that preyed on those who had not yet achieved their full adult girth, there was also the fact that youngsters were forever falling out of trees or into lakes or going out in the rain without adequate clothing. Rumour would have it that Frodo had been a bit of a scamp during the time he had spent living at Brandy Hall, though it was said that the Master had kept the worst of it quiet, and if those tendencies followed him to Hobbiton then all the better. Added to that was the fact that, privately, he considered Mad Baggins to be the last person to instil a sense of self-preservation into his young cousin, what with all that running about with dwarves and dragons or suchlike nonsense that he'd supposedly got up to in the past. Unfortunately Frodo seemed set to follow in Bilbo's footsteps when it came to contracting interesting diseases, or rather not contracting them, and his growing interest in Bilbo's more scholarly pursuits provided little in the way of opportunity for nasty accidents. Although other business in Hobbiton was brisk, Hildifons was getting more than a little tired of passing his days tending to a seemingly endless parade of yokels with pitchforks though their feet or boils on their bottoms and if he never saw another child with a saucepan stuck on its head it was going to be far too soon. It was all most frustrating - fribbling his time away on things that a simple hedge-doctor could handle, when he knew he was destined for far greater things. That was why he decided to take matters into his own hands. It wasn't that he actually planned to harm the Squire's young cousin; it was just that when the opportunity presented itself he couldn't stop himself from taking advantage and it seemed to spiral from there. It all started one day when Hildifons was on his way to see one of the young Cotton children who had come down with a nasty bout of earache. He had no great enthusiasm for the task and would, no doubt, be expected to take his pay in turnips. On his way there he happened to spot young Frodo walking alone by the Water. Later he would wonder how he had the nerve to do what he did, but at the time it seemed quite obvious that this opportunity had been sent his way by providence. Frodo seemed quite lost in thoughts as he wandered along, poking amongst the reeds with a stick and humming under his breath. He certainly did not notice the Physician approaching behind him along the narrow river path until his presence intruded upon him in the most dramatic of ways. Hildifons had increased his pace as he approached Frodo and went to pass him, so as he stumbled his Doctor's bag caught Frodo in the small of the back with bruising force and catapulted the slighter Hobbit straight into the water. Unfortunately for Hildifons, Frodo's flailing hands caught hold of his coat as he fell and gripped tightly. Thus it was that Hildifons, already off balance from his feigned stumble, followed Frodo into the river. Hildifons could not be described as athletic, even for a hobbit. Long evenings studying as a youth, followed as an adult by longer ones spent ingratiating himself with those he considered influential, were hardly the best recipe for fitness. Nor had Hildifons embraced the Bucklandish enthusiasm for swimming and thus, weighted down as he was by his flapping coat and the Doctor's bag still clutched in his hand, he soon found himself in the direst of straits as the water closed over his head. Suddenly a slender arm looped itself around his neck and started dragging him up towards the blessed light. As he broke the surface a voice spoke in his ear: "It's all right, Doctor, just relax. I've got you." He complied with the instruction and found himself being towed towards the bank. Shortly the voice spoke again: "Hold onto these rushes for a moment and then I'll get you out." As Hildifons clung to the rushes he saw a slight body swarming up the bank. Then a hand was reaching out and taking his in a surprisingly strong grip as Frodo hauled him unceremoniously onto the path where he lay wet, shivering and coughing up water. "Are you all right?" asked Frodo in concerned tones as he crouched beside Hildifons and put a hand on his heaving shoulder. "It's Dr Brownlock, isn't it?" Hildifons was not yet capable of speech and just nodded. This really wasn't how he had envisaged such an encounter progressing. In his imagination he had been Frodo's saviour, pulling him out of the river's cold embrace and bringing him back to life to the applause of an admiring throng of villagers. Instead he was the one who lay gasping on the riverbank like some stranded fish. Once he was capable of movement, Frodo helped him to his feet, drew the taller hobbit's arm over his shoulders and supported him as they made their slow way back to the village. That evening in the Green Dragon, once the new shipment of ale had been thoroughly tasted and pronounced not at all bad, the talk turned to young Frodo's misadventure. "No Bilbo Baggins in tonight, then?" Olo Proudfoot asked the Landlord. "Not like him to miss the new season's brew." "Nay, hadn't you heard? Young Frodo took a tumble into the Water this morning." "Is he all right?" asked Olo. "Aye, right as rain, though Bilbo thought he's best stay home with him tonight. I'll lay a bet that he'll be through tomorrow to make up for lost time." The Landlord nodded at Farmer Cotton, who had just come up to the bar for a refill. "I hear Dr Brownlock fell in at the same time and weren't so lucky. Gone down with a right nasty cough, he has." "Aye," said Cotton, "He were on his way over to look at my Tom's ear but never made it. We had to hail old Dora Stripper over from Overhill to sort him out in the end. She popped some bits of hot potato in there and soon it were as good as new. Then she went on to Hobbiton to have a look at Dr Brownlock, but he wasn't having none of it. Said he didn't need some half-trained hedge-witch rubbing his chest with goose grease." "There's one hobbit who's growed too big for his britches," remarked Ham Gamgee to no one in particular. x It was several days before Hildifons was up and about again, several days that he spent festering over the iniquity of his situation. During this time, what had started as a moment's madness became a fully evolved campaign and when Hildifons finally rose from his bed of pain he was itching to put it into effect. This time, instead of using brute force, he would pit his intellect against young Frodo Baggins and this time he would triumph. Hildifons pulled out his textbooks and turned to the pages on mushrooms. The nights were drawing in and the best season for mushroom picking was approaching. Soon he found just what he was looking for; a poisonous one that was almost identical to its tastier brother apart from a light dusting of green spores, and they didn't even have those if you caught them young enough. All he had to do was to find the right fruiting body and slip one in with Frodo's haul. It wouldn't kill him, but it would make him sick enough that Bilbo would be bound to call him in. The opportunity to put his plan into effect did not arise for several weeks, despite the fact that Hildifons took to taking early morning constitutionals in the fields and woods around Bag End. Although he saw many of the other residents of Hobbiton out and about, his quarry eluded him. Finally, however, the morning came when he spotted Frodo on the path with basket in hand. Quickly, Hildifons slipped back into the trees and headed for the place where he had previously seen the mushrooms he was after. As luck would have it there was a fresh crop and Hildifons quickly chose the least obvious one before heading back to where he had last seen Frodo. "Good morning, Master Baggins," he said as he approached. "Good morning, Dr Brownlock," replied Frodo affably, "I'm pleased to see you looking so much better." "Ah," said Hildifons, slapping his chest in a hearty fashion and breathing deeply, "there's nothing quite like an early morning stroll to blow away the cobwebs." He looked down at the contents of Frodo's basket, remarking: "Those are some fine mushrooms you've got there, young man." "Yes, although I can't claim the credit for picking them," said Frodo with a smile, "Bilbo fancied some for our breakfast. He was too hungry to wait while I went out and picked them so I popped down to the market instead." "I think I saw a very good patch of them over yonder if you're in need another morning," said Hildifons, pointing behind Frodo. As Frodo turned and looked, Hildifons popped the poisonous mushroom into his basket. Turning back, Frodo thanked him politely and then set off in the direction of Bag End. Later that morning, as Hildifons was on his way home, he ran into Bilbo Baggins who was heading in the other direction. For a moment he thought that Bilbo might be looking for him but instead of looking concerned, as he would do if his heir were ill, Bilbo simply wore his usual expression of mild preoccupation. Hildifons smiled and nodded to him as he drew close and then halted as Bilbo put a hand on his arm. "Dr