One-shot outtake from the larger story "Feed Me Diamonds". 1960s; high power business world and public expectations have kept Edward and Jasper apart, until they go out dancing during an unexpected visit to Los Angeles and Rosalie, Jasper's older sister/movie star. Rose is wearing the tightest dress Jasper has ever seen, the same shade of lipstick red as her car, and stiletto heels that make her nearly as tall as Jasper. Her eyes are dark and coal-lined, and there are feathers knotted in her hair, bangle bracelets jingling as she moves about their hotel room, rifling through their suitcases and assessing them. It is edgy, sleazy beauty, the kind that makes Jasper perfectly sure that they will not be recognized where ever Rose is planning on taking them. She is just-this-side of trampy, but Emmett can't take his eyes off her, so Jasper supposes that it's working for her. Jasper stands awkwardly next to Edward, both of them watching with some hesitance as Rose invades their privacy. When she pulls the pill bottle out of Edward's bag, Jasper moves to put a stop to this, but Rose just smirks at Edward over the bottle, "Prozac, hmm? I have funner ones if you want." And the moment is so surreal-did his older sister just offer them drugs ?-and Jasper has often suspected that Rose, like Edward, finds love in orange plastic bottles and tiny baggies, but he steps forward before Edward can speak, his grip tight on Rose's upper arm, "Rose. That's enough. " She has the decency to look somewhat abashed before Edward interrupts— "Sure." Jasper whirls to stare incredulously at his best friend so fast his head spins. Edward just looks at him for a long moment, conflict raging in his eyes, but Jasper knows him well enough to know that his mind is already made up. It worries him a little-he hasn't seen Edward this reckless in years. Rose looks a little surprised, but she just nods, "Well alright then. It's safe, Jay, don't worry. From a real doctor and everything. Just a little...mood boost." She offers a small baggie to Edward with two pills inside, and Jasper half expects him to refuse, to ask her to carry it-the makings of a PR scandal indeed-but he tucks them into his shirt pocket without a word. "That's enough for you and Jay, if he decides he wants in." Jasper sighs, but Edward just nods. He's looking more and more intrigued by the offer Rose has made, one which changes the direction of this night considerably. It is not that they have never experimented with drugs-Edward has gone through reckless phases before, insisting Jasper try various pills scored from friends and associates with him. Jasper sometimes hates the hypocrisy of wealth and power, but the trip is usually good. He is not opposed to the drugs per say, and he certainly isn't opposed to the look Edward gets in his eyes when they get high together, but the rash energy that motivates it sometimes makes it hard for Jasper not to worry. Rose finally stops snooping through their luggage, tossing a bundle of clothing at each of them, "Here. Get dressed." Emmett looks a little uncomfortable as Rose buttons his shirt, a dark burnt grey that matches Rose's makeup. She is marking them subtley as a couple, and Jasper isn't quite sure how he feels about that. Jasper sighs, pulling the plain black fabric Rose has selected for him on. The understatement of the dark colour makes Jasper's features stand out, his eyes clear and cold. Edward is wearing a white dress shirt, crisp cotton that is just sheer enough to reveal muscle below. It emphasizes the golden colour of his skin, but it makes his eyes stand out, making him look young, more carefree, even a little innocent. It's a look that Edward doesn't bear often, and it is the edge of vulnerability that makes Jasper's gaze linger. Jasper's veins are already running with liquor when Edward appears at the bar next to him. There is so much bare skin out on the dance floor that it is a little shocking. Edward has a smear of glitter across one cheekbone, and his shirt is semi-translucent where someone has spilled what looks like soda and whiskey over one of his arms. He is devastatingly pretty , leaning into the wood and smirking at Jasper, running his tongue over his teeth before he speaks, "Do you want to take a shot with me?" Jasper considers. He is already drunk enough that Edward's suggestion sounds like a good idea-which means he probably does not need to consume any more liquor-but Edward has already ordered, and Jasper can hardly say no. It is cheap tequila, and it burns all the way down-Jasper can't remember the last time they drank cheap liquor, and this evening already has the promise of trouble all over it. He catches sight of Emmett and Rose out on the dance floor. His hands are running across her rib cage, startlingly large against her body, and Jasper can feel protectiveness begin to surface. Edward can see it rising in his eyes and shakes his head, "Let it go, Jay. They're good together." On some level, Jasper knows this. He also knows that Rose has been handling herself more than a thousand miles from him for years, and that Emmett is trustworthy, but it still takes Edward's hand on his arm to wrench his gaze from them. No one has recognized them yet tonight-in fact, no one has paid them any mind at all, and Jasper's world is spinning with the unfamiliarity and clarity of it. Edward's hand lingers on his arm, and Jasper turns to find his eyes perilously dark as he watches Jasper. Jasper suddenly wants to tell Edward about what Bella told him at the beach house, wants more than anything to pull his best friend into his embrace, but even if no one has recognized them yet, that doesn't mean they won't, and Jasper suddenly feels overwhelmed by the number of strangers around them. Edward is quick, quicker on the uptake than Jasper has been, because his fingers fasten around Jasper's wrist without hesitation, his fingertips just barely brushing against the bare skin and veins below, a touch so intimate that Jasper's entire body shudders, despite the fact that Edward has barely touched him at all. Edward is leading him down a hallway cast in shadows before Jasper can process what is happening. They tumble out the emergency exit door and into the alley-way beyond, graffitied red brick bathed in the dim glow of the streetlight on the road beyond. The bass from the dance floor slowly fades, leaving a dull ringing in his ears, and when he can be heard without shouting, Jasper murmurs, "Ed...have you talked to Bella lately?" Edward's expression is carefully guarded and blank, "'Bout what?" Jasper glances pointedly down at Edward's hand on his arm, and Edward pulls away, reluctant. He looks away, and Jasper wonders whether he will be able to have this conversation at all. But then Edward is looking at him, raw honesty in his eyes, "She told me she didn't want to watch me... want you anymore." There is guilt in his voice, and Jasper nods, "She told me she doesn't want to compete...as if it was ever a competition. She's your wife." He shakes his head, despondent, waiting for Edward to agree, to confirm what is possibly the hardest part of all of this for him. He is up against the wall before he can process the emotion flitting through Edward's eyes, dark and dangerous, and Jasper thinks that maybe tonight-so far from home, far from Bella and responsibility, far from the people they force themselves to be day after day-something will give and they will finally be able to take the edge off this. "As if there was ever a competition." Edward murmurs, pressed too close against his ear, his hands are running over Jasper's arms, tracing the contour of muscle and making it difficult for Jasper to focus-which, if the look in Edward's eyes is any indication, is exactly the point. The night is cooler than he thought it would be, cool enough that the brick is a shock against his back, and Jasper hisses at the contact. Edward just watches him, his eyes dark and blown, and he can't seem to keep his hands off Jasper. His fingertips trace over Jasper's wrist, and Jasper shudders. "Ed..." His unspoken plea is brittle in his voice, and Edward smirks, pressing too-close and not close enough all at once, his breath ghosting across Jasper's skin, "I think we should go back to the hotel, Jay." And Jasper knows he's right, knows that being out here together is asking for trouble, but his resolve is at an all-time low-and it amazes him how fast his will power has dissolved-but it is somehow proving nearly impossible to pull away from Edward's touch. He bites his lip, and Edward surprises him with the gravel in his voice, "Jay. Let's go." They are sixteen again, the lines blurred by alcohol and impatience. Edward pulls him out of the alley, and they tumble into a cab. They are both wearing sunglasses, despite the fact that it is dark outside, and they are so clumsy with liquor that it would almost be funny, except that Edward has his hand on Jasper's leg, and Jasper is biting down hard on his lower lip, and they are both so intent on each other that the cab driver barely manages to get an address out of them, because there is really nothing funny about this at all. They find an unlocked fire door in the back of the hotel, and some part of Jasper's heart aches because he knows that they will never be able to be as open about their relationship as he would want in another lifetime. Edward is off-kilter, clumsy in his movements, his hands gripping into Jasper's shirt, pulling at the thin fabric, straining the buttons, and Jasper thinks that maybe he isn't even aware that he's doing it. They rebound off the walls, hard concrete and drywall, Edward pressing him into the unforgiving surfaces harder than is strictly necessary, making Jasper's breath catch with every single motion. "Jay..." The look in Edward's eyes brings Jasper back to the shattered glass of his wedding night, desperation and desire surfacing in the cold green, but there is nothing holding them back, no virginal bride waiting in the wings, and Jasper threads his fingers through Edward's hair, gripping him closer, forcing him to meet Jasper's eyes, forcing him to see the vulnerability, the sharp desire and the fear that comes with crossing the line they are rapidly approaching. Edward catches this, brushing his thumb across Jasper's lower lip, shaking his head and murmuring, "Always yours," Before he pushes them into the elevator, taking a step away from Jasper, driven by the blinking camera in the ceiling, his eyes pained from the distance, the barely contained desire drawing heat to Jasper's cheeks despite the fact that they are suddenly not touching at all, save for Edward's fingers brushing against his wrist, and he doesn't quite know how they keep ending up this way. Jasper has all but forgotten about the pills in Edward's pocket by the time they are back in the hotel room. His back is up against the door before it is even fully closed, and Jasper wants to smirk and tease Edward about his penchant for dominance, but his brain is fogged and slurred and he can't quite find the words. They still aren't quite kissing-and Jasper groans in frustration as Edward bites down on the space between his neck and collar bone, making Jasper arch into him at the pain that blossoms, but then Edward pulls away with an infuriatingly smug grin, and Jasper wants to see him as lost in