Author's Note : This is a joint story, written by myself and DaOneInDaCorner. We have carefully planned out every detail and hope you'll have as much fun reading as we will writing. Enjoy! Disclaimer : Harry Potter belongs to J.K Rowling. Thanks CHAPTER 1: RUNNING IN CIRCLES Though he had been in the massive, candlelit Great Hall thousands of times before, never had he been so nervous in his entire life to walk along the aisle between the four house tables. Or so embarrassed, for that matter. And still, as he halted before the stool atop which sat an old wizard's hat, he could feel all eyes in the room on him. He made a point to keep his hands in his pockets so as to hide the fact that they were shaking and forbid his eyes from wandering to the various people that were seated at the staff table in front of him. He could feel a pair of clear blue eyes watching him intently from behind half-moon spectacles, but wouldn't dare meet them with his own. As he stood amidst a small crowd of miniature first-year students, he waited impatiently for his name to finally be called up. This was so not the way he'd hoped to make a first impression. He could almost hear the thoughts of those who'd soon be his fellow classmates. "What a git!" they'd cry, howling with laughter as they watched a random sixth year get his sorting with a sea of munchkins. Sweat poured from his forehead but he kept his composure and watched Professor McGonagall go down the list of students. The sorting seemed to be taking forever—he couldn't recall it ever being this long—and so the Great Hall soon filled with the quiet but definitive whispers of the student chatter. Good , he thought, less eyes on him . He fought very hard not to give in to curiosity and look over at the Slytherin table where he would surely see a teenage version of his favourite professor at Hogwarts. Though he knew it was impossible for anyone to know him here, he was still not used to it. He kept expecting someone to finally recognise him, turn around and call— "Draco Black," said Professor McGonagall. The hall instantly silenced. Willing himself not to turn a scarlet red, Draco felt his feet move him forwards, up the steps and onto the stool. Professor McGonagall gave him a sympathetic smile before dropping the hat onto his head. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "Ah, Draco Black… Black …hmm… you're a Black ?" Draco took another deep breath. He'd had an inkling that something like this would happen once he put the hat on. "I've had many Blacks put me on and I'll tell you, you don't feel like them one bit. Are you sure?" "Of course I'm sure," Draco muttered. "Funny thing," said the Hat. "I see Malfoy when I sit atop your head. Oh yes, I definitely see Malfoy. How interesting. You were previously sorted into Slytherin, I see. Just like your mother and father—oh, I do believe they graduated not long ago…" "Just get on with it," said Draco, through gritted teeth. It was humiliating enough to be doing this in front of the whole school, but to be probably the only sixth-year in wizarding history to receive his sorting this late… "Oh, but you fascinate me so much!" the Hat went on. "Draco Black , you do strike me as an odd sort…I sense a strange courage within you, to do the things you fear most of doing. Oh yes, it's definitely there. But you also have clever ways of keeping it from the surface. You definitely exhibit the sneakiness of your forefather. But where to put you?" " Just get on with it ," Draco muttered again. At this point, he didn't really care if it was something as lame as Hufflepuff—he'd take anything to be freed from the humiliation already! "Oh but Hufflepuff is most certainly not lame!" cried the Hat, reminding him that it could hear his exact thoughts. "Each of the Hogwarts houses has its uses. Hmm, given that you contain the characteristic traits associated with two houses, and given that you've already been sorted into one of these houses before…" Draco sighed. He knew this would happen. How could it not? He felt silly to have hoped for something else… Though, even he had no idea what he'd hoped for. "Might be fun, given the Black family history…" the Hat continued. It was of course going to go with its original decision. It was the Sorting Hat after all! It was never mistaken. Well , thought Draco, at least he'd be there with Snape. "GRYFFINDOR!" The table to the far right exploded with cheering and applause as Professor McGonagall took the hat from Draco's head and nodded in the direction of the Gryffindor table. Draco stumbled off of the stool, looked sideways at the Slytherin table—where the majority of the students were sneering at him—and slowly made his way over to the table on the far right. He took the only seat left, ignored the fact that everyone surrounding him was staring at him wide-eyed, and watched as Professor Dumbledore got to his feet. He smiled at the students and waved his hands in the air. The four house tables suddenly coloured with loads of food and the student chatter resumed. "W-welcome to Gryffindor," said a boney boy sitting across Draco but a little to the left. "Uh thanks," said Draco, quickly. He concentrated hard on filling his plate with loads of food so that he wouldn't think about how alarmingly familiar the boy seated directly across from him looked—an exact clone of his greatest school nemesis. Well, this was just bloody perfect. "My name is Remus Lupin," said the boney boy again. Draco's head snapped up. Lupin! Lupin! Wow, he hadn't recognised him! He really looked different. For one, there were far less scratches on his face. He did look ghostly white, as though he'd just undergone a cycle in fact. Draco smiled weakly, but couldn't seem to turn his head back to his food. It was so weird seeing a younger form of one of his previous teachers. "I'm a prefect," Lupin continued. "It means student leader." "Yeah, I know what it means," Draco heard himself say. This was extremely surreal. The boy sitting across from him was still staring at him through narrowed eyes, though Draco was determined not to meet them. The kid next to him however, leaned forwards suddenly, catching Draco's attention. "Uh, hi there," he said, blowing a strand of his curly black hair out of his face and frowning. "Who the hell are you and why have we never met?" It was Draco's turn to frown. "I'm sorry?" he said. "I'm Sirius Black ," said the boy, pointing to himself. "Who the hell are you ?" Draco furrowed his eyebrows. Well how the hell was he supposed to answer this ? "I think you've got one too many cousins there, Padfoot," said the boy across from him, folding his arms across his chest. Draco finally looked up at him. Yep. There he was, Harry Potter's father—a perfect clone of him in teenage form, minus the stupid circular glasses. Oh, and the scar of course. He grinned at Draco. "What's the matter, Black? Lost your appetite?" Draco looked down at his knife and fork and untouched plate. He said nothing and began to cut up his food, feeling eyes still on him. "I think it's only four on my mother's side," Sirius Black was saying to himself, his fingers stretched out before him as he counted. "Surely I haven't missed one…" "I'm telling you, Sirius," said James Potter, reaching for an apple and taking a bite. "Your family is so big you can't even keep track of yourselves!" "Come off it, James!" said Sirius. "I think I'd know if I had another cousin out there. Oy, Draco." Draco looked up, as though he hadn't overheard their conversation. "Who're your parents?" Draco's eyes fell on Potter, then Lupin, and then Black again. "Um," he said, putting down his knife and fork and taking deep breaths, "I don't know." "Sorry?" said Potter. "I…I was brought up in a muggle orphanage," Draco recited, exactly as he'd practiced. "Headmaster Dumbledore has acted as a sort of caregiver for me my whole life, tutoring me and such. And now I've decided to finally attend his school." "Why now?" said Potter. " Headmaster Dumbledore?" cried Sirius. "No one calls him that!" "He's my kind of kid, Sirius!" said Lupin, grinning broadly at Draco. "What's an orphanage?" asked a scrawny boy who was sitting on Lupin's other side. Both Potter and Black smacked their heads in frustration. " How thick are you, Pete?! " they cried, but Lupin gave the boy a sympathetic smile and delved right into an explanation. Ignoring them, Potter and Black turned back to Draco. "So Dumbledore basically raised you then," said Potter. Draco nodded slightly. "That's like…being raised by Godric Gryffindor himself." "Wicked," said Black. "But then you must know all sorts of really advanced magic," said Potter again, looking at Draco hopefully. "Sure," said Draco, shrugging. "Wicked," said Potter and Black together. They really reminded Draco of those Weasley twins, always finishing each other's sentences or making the exact same gestures. Strange. "So you're a Black," said Potter, slowly, "But you were brought up in a muggle orphanage…but you know you're a Black…" "Very good, Jamesy," said Black, in a mocking sort of tone. "You're learning quickly." "Oh shut up, Sirius," said Potter, punching him on the shoulder playfully. Black smirked. "So Draco, how is it that you know you're a Black?" "I was named upon being dropped off there," Draco recited, as practiced. "I was left on the doorstep with a note that said my name and birthday." "Hmm, tis strange," said Potter, stroking his chin thoughtfully. "I'm sure my mother will be fascinated to hear all this in my next letter," said Black, mostly to himself. Draco smiled weakly again and returned to his food. This was too weird. Too weird . As he tried to make it through his first round of steak, he tried to block out the conversations between Potter and Black, wherein they discussed exactly which of Sirius' relatives Draco could possibly look like, ultimately concluding that he looked nothing like the Blacks. At one point, Draco glanced sideways, and all the Gryffindor students on his right immediately turned their heads away from him and resumed their conversations. One student however, did not. Her vibrant red hair flowed down in a perfect braid as she met Draco's eyes and smiled brightly at him from several seats over. He gulped nervously and looked away. Creep . "…Sirius, I'm telling you, that's the only logical explanation!" said Potter, tossing his apple core onto his plate and folding his arms again. "Get serious, James!" cried Black. "He is not a descendant of Kreacher !" At this, Lupin choked on his pumpkin juice and the scrawny boy next to him patted him on the back several times. Potter sniggered. "Who is Kreacher?" Draco dared ask. "Our house elf," Black said, lazily. He suddenly leaned forwards again, examining Draco's features. "So like, were you always blond-haired? Or did you bleach it? Apparently, it's a common muggle trick…bleaching hair." "We should totally bleach our hair!" cried Potter, suddenly. "Oh, a nice bright orange for McGonagall's birthday!" said Black, smirking at him. "Come on, Padfoot, don't you think I'd look dashing in a good purple?" said Potter, running his hand through his black hair. "Only if you coloured your eyebrows too!" laughed Black. "Will you two get serious for at least a minute ?!" cried Lupin, suddenly. The boys muttered their apologies to him and exchanged laughs again. Draco stared at them. "Don't mind them," Lupin