Disclaimer: I don't own the rights to the characters or anything associated with the Harry Potter universe. Mores the pity. A/N: Hey guys! First time trying my hand at this pairing, can't seem to get the idea out of my head so I figured I'd best write it down. Fluffy one-shot, allusions to past smut but nothing too explicit. Just a bit of fun. Enjoy! Charlie Weasly had never been so thankful for the reflexes he'd honed handling dragons as he was in this moment. The seething brunette across from him may have been abstaining from hexing him, thank Merlin, but she still had wicked aim with a vase. And a book. And he was fairly sure she'd thrown a shoe at him as well. She still had yet to stop screaming insults at him long enough to actually tell him why he was coming under fire. Until then, he would continue his tried and true dodging method lest we wind up concussed. "Hermione!" he yelled as a volume from her encyclopedia set left a sizeable dent in the wall too close to his head. What in blazes had her so worked up? "Will you stop already?! I can't explain or apologize if you keep screeching at me and trying to take my head off woman!" A flying twin to the first encyclopedia told him it'd been the wrong thing to say. She had a mean arm when she wanted to. "SCREECHING AM I? BE GLAD I'M NOT HEXING YOUR BOLLOCKS TO ARUBA YOU CARELESS FECKLESS TOSSER!" He knew it was inappropriate but seeing the brilliant witch incensed and hurling objects with deadly accuracy was kind of turning him on. Nothing had ever been meant to happen between the two of them. She was always around his family and he knew most of them saw her as their sibling, but they had never formed that relationship since he was always in Romania. The first time they'd really had an in depth conversation was when he'd been at Hogwarts during her 4th year accompanying the dragons. He'd felt a bit protective of her and had made sure the Bulgarian courting her had shown her proper respect, but nothing more than that. Even in the years that followed, when they'd kept in fairly frequent contact through letters and later through activities with the Order, there had been nothing but a strong friendship between them. He respected her intelligence and loved her cutting wit. Having spent most of his adult life with dragons, he had little patience for people without any fire or teeth. Hermione had both in spades. And her heart was just simply good. She didn't put on airs or judge people for their faults. She was the most accepting, understanding person he knew. You wouldn't have guessed that now given that he'd just dodged an airborne bookend, but still. No, it wasn't until her graduation from her repeat seventh year that anything else developed. The whole Weasly family and Ginny's new fiance Harry, as well as most every surviving member of the Order, had shown up to celebrate the completion of her education. Charlie found himself prouder than he thought he'd be, more proud than one would expect to be of the friend of their youngest brother. He supposed it was because he'd spent these years getting to know her more deeply than just as "Ron's little friend". Ron, little tosser. He had been annoyed when Ron had treated her so callously but in all truth, he knew she was better off without the git. Ron needed someone like their mother, who would cook and clean and have to bully him into achieving anything. Hermione needed someone with their own drive and ambition, who would challenge her instead of being cowed by her. If he felt like admitting it, he had also been a bit jealous because Ron had preoccupied quite a bit of his witch's attention for the better part of a year. After her graduation, they'd all gone back to the Burrow for a celebration. Hermione had changed into a red dress worked through with subtle gold accents and looked stunning in it. At only a few months shy of 20, it was clear to see she was no longer the little girl she'd been. While the dress was far from vulgar, it played up her feminine assets to perfection. Her smallish breasts were framed perfectly by the dark red material that then clung to her narrow waist and the spread of her hips before flaring out into flame like ripples ending at her knees. The straps tied around her neck (spelled with a sticking charm because she didn't trust Fred or George and had told them as much when they'd made to go for the tie) left her shoulders and upper back exposed, and the dress hugged her lower back and framed her surprisingly wonderful backside in a way that had made Charlies trousers uncomfortably tight the first time he'd caught sight of it when Hermione had leaned over to hug Bill and Fleur's daughter. He appreciated the female form in all its glory but he'd always had a weakness for a perfect arse. Everyone had complimented her on how the colors of the garment suited her so well because she was a Gryffindor through and through, but all Charlie could see was a subtly sexy confident woman laughing as she danced around in dragons fire. Beautiful. As the celebrations had died down, Charlie had decided to take a walk around the grounds to clear his head. He asked if anyone had wanted to join him and only a lithe figure bathed in flames had taken him up on it. They strolled around the edges of the property talking about everything from her career plans to his dragons, the conversation never faltering. When it did they simply enjoyed the companionable silence as they ambled along, their shoulders brushing every few seconds. It had been the best night Charlie could remember in a long time. As they came up on an old fort he and his brothers had made years ago, Hermione bullied him into first showing it to her and then casting a few cleaning charms so they could rest a bit. Inside was nothing special, a few beds and chairs from when they'd camped out in here as children, but it was nice enough for a rest he supposed. "So, Charlie. Are you ever going to make a move on me or are you just going to keep drooling over my arse when you think no one is looking?" He'd nearly choked. He hadn't realized he'd been that obvious and certainly hadn't expected her to be so forward about it. But then, of course she was. The woman was fearless and bold, of course she wouldn't stand for letting Charlie simply stare. Never one to back down from a challenge, he had recovered quickly and scooped her into his arms to press a determined kiss to his friend come lover. She had responded with as much fervor as he had, giving as much as she got. When he'd gripped her rear and ground her against him as they'd kissed, when she'd groaned her approval and nearly growled more , Charlie knew he was a goner. That had been the first night in countless nights for them. It had started out as just sex between friends. They would slip off whenever they were both at the Burrow for a steamy tryst in the orchards, he would show up at her internship to steal her away for a hard fast ride during her lunch breaks, she would even make trips to the dragon reserve to see him where they wouldn't have an audience. Even when they weren't screwing each other hoarse, they were in constant contact. Their friendship never suffered for their interludes and other than much more explicit exchanges in their letters, it was much the same as they'd been. After a night of slow, sensual passion in an open field under the star flecked Romanian sky, they had both confessed that their feelings had grown far beyond friendship and that they wanted to well and truly be with each other and neither would accept no for an answer. It was wonderful. That wasn't to say that in the 19 months that had passed since her graduation, 13 since they'd made it official, that they didn't have their share of problems. Their jobs were both time consuming and demanding, neither liked being apart so much. They were both had fiery temperaments and were stubborn to a fault. And of course that they were still keeping their relationship from his family (how does a man go about telling his family that he is in love and involved with his brothers ex who was seven years his junior) lead to insecurities on both ends. "What, are you ashamed to tell your family about me?" "I don't hear you running to tell precious Ronald that you're fucking his older brother." But no matter the how big the argument, no matter how hurt one or the other was, they'd always worked through to a compromise and then shagged each other silly in apology and acceptance. The sounds of past moans during makeup sex, however, were being drowned out by the witch who was still screaming at him. Mercifully she'd stopped throwing things but she still had her wand and was still calling him all sort of things that surmised his as irresponsible and reckless. What in blue hell could he possibly have done to earn her ire at this level? "HERMIONE!" he shouted, well and truly through with her behavior. "Either tell me what your bloody problem is or shut up already!" Perhaps that hadn't been the most prudent of word choices but dam it all he could barely think! She narrowed her eyes at him in a way that he knew meant trouble was coming for him. Definitely bad word choices. "What's my problem, Charlie? My problem is that my boyfriend thinks its okay to guess about the time frame of his contraceptive charms. My problem is that I haven't had a period in over eight weeks. My problem, Charles Weasly, is that I am PREGNANT AND IT IS ALL YOUR FAULT!" The whole world went silent for a moment, all Charlie could hear was the thud of his own hear in his chest. One beat. Pregnant. Another beat. "Oh." The single syllable seemed to drain the fight right out of his paramour. "Yeah, oh." she said, sinking onto the couch behind her. "Charlie...Charlie what are we going to do? We... I'm not even 22, I just finished my internship a week ago! I'm not ready to be a mother! And your family is going to be furious with us for not telling them. Oh gods, my father is going to kill you. And how are we supposed to raise a baby together from two different countries, if that's even what you want? Am I supposed to quit my career when it's just starting? Are you supposed to give up a job you love? I'm so scared Charlie, I don't know what to do. I don't-" her tirade broke off as she dissolved into sobs. He was by her side in a second, pulling her to his chest and stroking her hair, whispering soothing nonsense in her ear while she rode the crest of her emotions. It gave him a bit of time to think. Pregnant. There was a baby on the way, his baby on the way. He was going to be a father. And Hermione wasn't secure enough in their relationship - in him - to think this was a good thing or even know if he wanted it. It was true that at 28 he was a little behind the curve in terms of having children, but it wasn't that he hadn't wanted them. In fact, he