Sent Home Tied Up In ASack This is an au fanfic, in response to barbarossa's What If challenge: What if Pippin had been sent home from Rivendell? Merry and Pippin wept as they embraced. "I don't want to leave you," said Merry. "Go with Frodo. Don't worry about me." Pippin dropped his voice and whispered into Merry's ear, "I'll follow you." Frodo and Sam each gave Pippin a farewell hug, Strider patted his shoulder, and Gandalf patted his head. And then they were gone. Pippin waited a reasonable few hours, barely able to contain himself. Then he slipped out of a window with the grace of a master thief, and vanished into the gardens and woods. He had nearly topped the rise at the edge of the valley when the elves caught up with him. He tried to run, but one of them caught him by his waistband and carried him, squirming and protesting, back to Rivendell. The elves tied his hands in front of him with elven rope, which obeys the will of its master, but Pippin took the knot in his teeth. The magical rope slithered and constricted and fought him, but eventually he worked loose, and was out the window and into the gardens when he was caught again. The elves carried him back inside. One said, "What shall we do with this expert burglar? Perhaps we should ask Bilbo." Another said, "I know what will hold him. Lock him in the pantry. There are no windows." The first elf shuddered. "It is airless and sunless. It would be cruel!" "Nay! I think such a prison would be to the liking of a hobbit. Pry up the lid on the apple barrel, and he'll be content at least long enough for us to think what else we may do." At first, the elves were right. Pippin did not mind being locked in Rivendell's pantry. He figured they would let him out eventually, and then he would try again to follow the Company. Even if they were several days ahead of him, how hard could it be to follow the trail of nine beings, even if one were a ranger, two were elves, and three were hobbits? He passed the time sampling the various ingredients stored in the pantry: wild blackberry jam, yellow cheese, honey from the Beornings, herbal flavored oils, dried fruit, a plethora of different kinds of nuts and seeds, strange spices from far away. But then the candle burned down, and Pippin was left in the dark. He sat on the floor a while, telling himself it was silly to be afraid of the dark after all he had been through on the journey to Rivendell, Old Man Willow and the Barrow-Wight and the Black Riders. But somehow that just made him feel worse. "Some good I'd do the Company, if I can't even take being locked up in a pantry," Pippin told himself. Then he plucked up his courage and felt his way to the apple barrel, put in a hand, and bit into a nice, sweet apple. "Ha," he told himself after the first bite. "See? Nix to your fearsome dark." … Merry kept glancing back over his shoulder, expecting to see Pippin come trotting out of the bush at any moment. Had he been able to get away, and gotten lost? Was he still in Rivendell? Had Lord Elrond really sent him home tied up in a sack? Had he run into trouble on the road, trolls or something? Boromir dropped back to walk alongside Merry. "Cheer up, master hobbit, your cousin is safer in Imladris than we are here." "Somehow that's not terribly reassuring," Merry said. He could not let on the Pippin meant to track them. "It's not just that, Legolas and Glorfindel are getting on my nerves, always chattering away in Elvish." "Yea, I have noticed. And mark you how they combine against the dwarf. I fear strife will come of it." … Finally the door of the pantry opened, letting in the light of the cookfires and torches. Two elves stood in the doorway, one with a drawn sword, the other, unusually well rounded for an elf, wearing an apron. The one with the sword gestured for Pippin to get up and come with him, while the cook reclaimed her pantry. Pippin was brought back to the guest bedroom from which he had escaped earlier. Two elves waited there for him. One had two sets of chains, each with newly forged hobbit-sized manacles. They chained Pippin hand and foot. As soon as the elves left, Pippin searched through the bureau drawers for something small enough to fit the keyhole of the shackles, and came up with some odd thing the elves probably used for a toothpick or something. He set to work on the lock on his left wrist, and had it open before nightfall. He picked the other three locks at his leisure, and slipped out the window when full dark arrived. But this time there was a guard outside the window, and Pippin was locked in the pantry again. In the morning, they let him out, and put his hands back in the chains. Except that they only had a few links now, and the middle part of the chain had been replaced by a steel stretcher bar, so that he could not reach one hand with the other. They connected the bar behind his back, so that he could not reach the lock with his mouth, either. "Very clever," Pippin said bitterly. "Did Bilbo help you figure out how to foil a burglar?" But the elves with him right then did not speak the Common Tongue, apparently, or else they simply had nothing to say to him. They left the shackles on his ankles unconnected. They led him to the yard, where two more elves on horses waited for him next to two ponies: a baggage pony and a saddle pony, roped together on a lead from one of the elven horses. Pippin was lifted into the saddle, and then tied to it. The caravan left Rivendell, heading west, toward the Shire. … Gandalf smiled in mixed relief and disquiet as he looked into the waters of the Mirrormere. "It is good to leave Moria behind. I had such dread of that place. I was sure, somehow, that I was going to die there." "I too thought Moria was a grave peril to you," replied Aragorn. "Perhaps both our gifts of foresight have failed us." "Both, on the same topic? No, my old friend, I am very much afraid something has slipped. I was meant to die. The web of fate has dropped a stitch, and we are all off on the wrong thread." "Surely, if something has slipped, it has slipped in our favor," said Aragorn. "Has it?" replied Gandalf the Gray. "I wonder." … Pippin knelt on the ground next to the campfire. When he was not tied to the pony's saddle, his two elven guards slipped the rope through the loops on his ankle chains, crossing it once over the bar behind his hands. They did not hobble the horses and ponies, he noticed. The elves gave him waybread and water, holding the loaf and bottle up to his face. "Can't you unlock me now?" Pippin asked plaintively. "We've been on the road for days, and so has the Company. I'd never catch up with them now, so there would be no point in my trying to escape." "We do not have the key." "What do you mean you don't have the key?!" Pippin asked indignantly. "We are charged to return you safe over the borders of the Shire. When you arrive, you will require the services of a local smith, to strike off your fetters." "I can't believe Lord Elrond ordered that! His fame is for hospitality. That sounds more like King Thranduil's line to me." "It is not meant as cruelty, young hobbit. If one of us had the key, you might pilfer it from us." Pippin resolved that if they met anyone on the road, he would cry for help and say he had been stolen by elves. … Aragorn asked Gandalf, "Which way shall we take from here? Follow the Bearer and the Quest, or attempt to rescue Merry from the Uruk-hai? Or shall we break our fellowship and each go where he will? For myself, I would have gone with Boromir to Gondor. Now that he is lost, I feel the call of the White City all the more." "The Ring is beyond our reach now, for good or ill," said Gandalf. "To follow Frodo and Sam now would only draw attention to them. Some of us must go after Merry and the orcs, but not all of us, I think. Let the two elves run swiftly after them, while you and I and Gimli go first to Edoras. The last time I was there, Theoden's chief counselor Wormtongue had gotten far too much power, and now I suspect the traitor Saruman had a hand in turning the King's will. Would that I had the power to undo the spells of Saruman the White! Still, even as I am I must attempt it. And then we three shall go to Gondor, after we save Rohan." Aragorn nodded. "Ever I am guided by your wisdom." Legolas and Glorfindel sped away after the Uruk-hai, and the last three members of the Fellowship walked on at a pace more suited to wizards and dwarves. Aragorn commented, "Glad I am that the leadership of the Company did not land in my lap after Moria." "It is a hard choice indeed," said Gandalf, "but hard choices are the lot of a King. You must begin to make them, if you are to be Elessar of Gondor." "That path is yet before me," replied Aragorn. … Pippin and the elves reached the Shire on a blustery day in late fall. There was a gate across the road where none had been before, and their party was met by a squad of Shirriffs with feathers in their caps. "We are here to return this hobbit, one Peregrin Took, to his own kind. Pray see he does not follow after us." "Are you really elves?" asked one of the Shirriffs, who was slapped down by his mates for speaking out of turn. The Shirriff leader said, "No problem there. You, Smallborough, take that lead. Peregrin Took is it? That's a name worth a commendation at least, maybe extra rations. He's on the Sharkey list. Take him to the Shirriff-house, lads. Guard him extra careful. Bunce, you're the fastest, run for Hobbiton and tell the Big Men." Pippin was led away, still tied to the pony, and the elves turned around and headed back for Rivendell. Merry was alone with Treebeard. Literally alone; there was not one other ent or Huorn left. They had attacked Isengard, torn it to pieces, and killed most of the orcs and men, but it had cost Fangorn dearly. There was no more forest now. Only dead wood, strewn across the battlefield and floating in the greasy water around the Tower of Orthanc. "We must not be here when the rest of Saruman's army returns," said Treebeard, sadly, and even more slowly than usual. "The foray went toward Rohan." "You think they'll be coming back?" asked Merry. "Perhaps. If they do, I cannot defeat them by myself. This was the last march of the Ents." "Could we hide?" asked Merry. "See if anybody shows up?" "You could hide, perhaps," said Treebeard. "You are very small." "Well, if orcs come back, maybe you could just stop moving. They'd think you were just another dead tree." "I shall consider it. Let's not be hasty." "Anyway, can't we take some time to loot the ruins? I'm starving. I'd dearly love to find a storehouse." "You may sack Isengard while I think." … Gandalf the