Nine For Mortal Men Disclaimer: This is afanfic. I don't own the characters, places, etc. There was no particular reason for Merry and Pippin to be in throne room this morning, except to enjoy the spectacle of Strider the Ranger attempting to appear lofty and impartial when rendering judgments on the latest complaint of sheep-thievery along the border of Gondor and Rohan, or even worse, pretending he was not bored with the petty backstabbing of his courtiers. Of course, reflected Pippin, actual backstabbing would not have been boring. A little knifework would have livened things right up. He suppressed a snort at his own thought. That was hardly a hobbitlike sentiment. He had been in foreign parts too long. There was a lull in the day's business as a servitor brought around a tray of wine, serving the king first, then the queen, then passing among the courtiers in no particular order. Merry and Pippin each snagged themselves a glass and drifted over to Aragorn, who was momentarily unoccupied with any more elusive conversation. Pippin climbed halfway up the steps to the throne and sat down within easy speaking range of Aragorn, which caused a bit of a murmur among the courtiers, though no one dared pluck him off the stairs. He was the Prince of the Halflings, after all, and still wore the fine black livery with the White Tree embroidered on it, although it was a bit tight. The murmuring died down as the courtiers pressed close to the foot of the throne to hear what the Ernil I Pheriannath and the King were saying to one another. In addition to the usual faces of the important men and women of the city, there were a few foreigners, ambassadors and merchants, and Faramir was visiting from Ithilien. "All this," Pippin asked casually, waving a hand to include everything in front of the throne, "this fine city and realm, and all its armies, fine clothes, and servants to bring you wine, a soft bed at night, plenty of food, a bath whenever you want one, nearly everybody around you falling over themselves to obey you and do you honor—does it make up for losing the freedom of the road?" Aragorn sprayed wine halfway down the stairs. "What would you know of—never mind. I don't think I want to know. That's hardly a fit subject for the king's court." Pippin blinked innocently at him. "Everybody knows you were a Ranger, Aragorn. It's hardly a secret." Aragorn sighed. "Pippin, you have a talent for saying exactly the wrong thing at exactly the wrong time." Arwen snickered behind her hand. Pippin did not know what he had said, but he realized he had put his hairy foot in it again. If Gandalf had been here, he would no doubt be calling him a fool of a Took and telling him exactly how to remove his foolish head from his body. Big Folk could be maddeningly hard to figure out sometimes. He was just considering how to find a neutral topic—he thought he HAD been asking about a neutral topic—when Faramir came to his rescue. Or at least, put in the spoke he'd come to speak, as the Shire saying went. "My Lord, if we could turn to matters of import. There is a new presence in Mordor. Men, Easterling Men in the main, but with a disturbingly long and sudden list of allies." "Oh? Go on, Lord Steward," Aragorn said, emphasizing the official nature of this conversation by using the title. Aragorn leaned forward in interest. Faramir stepped up onto the wide platform at the bottom of the stair, where the chair of the Ruling Steward used to be. There was nothing there now, but Faramir still thought of it as "his" step. "Their leader calls himself Lord Chin. He apparently was the chief of an Easterling army that came to serve the Enemy, and has now taken over the Tower of Cirith Ungol for his men. Surrounding lands in Mordor are filled with the tents and wagons of his allies. Somehow he has gained the allegiance of a disparate collection of different kinds of men, and one half-orc in charge of what orcs of Mordor survived and did not flee to the mountains, in a very short few months' time. I do not know how he did this. He was not in a favored position with the Enemy. Indeed, all those who were have perished, for they were indoors when the Dark Tower fell, and the Towers of the Teeth also. His men were far back in the line behind the Black Gate in the last battle, and escaped its ruin and the belchings of the Mountain by being distant from both. Since then surviving Enemy forces have flocked to him, and they say there is a strange power about him. Worse, men who were not allies of the Enemy have come to serve him as well." "This is grave news," said Aragorn. "What more can you tell me?" "He has seven major allies. The half-orc is called Durbatu. The others are Men. Three who were Easterling captains and kings in their own right, with their own forces assembled in Mordor, named Yamotaq, Shann, and Skuryokhav. The Haradric captain, Mumude. And two who were not servants of the Enemy, who have joined him recently. A Rhovanian lord, called Hodur, and a leader of brigands named Tarondor, him being an outlaw from Umbar—and what exactly he could have done to be exiled by the Corsairs I know not—" "There is a measure of law in Umbar," Aragorn interrupted. "But go on." "Lord Chin is a dangerous man, my Lord. And he has sent a messenger to me in Ithilien asking for an audience with you. To discuss a peace treaty." Aragorn's eyebrows lifted. "An audience? To come here personally, not to send an ambassador?" "Indeed, my Lord. He claims he will leave the armies he has massed and come with but little escort, trusting you would not assail a potential ally under a flag of truce. I suspect some trap. I know not what. But according to my spy among the brigands, even so did Chin come to Tarondor, and left but a day later with Tarondor's fealty. And the spy tells me that Tarondor had no intention of even entertaining the idea of an alliance, much less pledging his loyalty. He accepted the embassy only in the hope of establishing trade relations." "Hmm. Perhaps he does have some kind of magic. But we have some here as well. Gandalf is still in Minas Tirith. Surely he could counter any sorcery Chin may possess. Does Chin purpose to make war if I do not allow him to talk peace?" "That is the implication of assembling an army, I believe, my Lord." "Then I will hear him. With Gandalf by my side, I have no fear of being enspelled. Tell him he may come." Faramir looked like he had bitten into something sour, but he nodded. "As you will, Your Majesty." It was several weeks later when Lord Chin and his retinue came to Minas Tirith. He brought only a small escort into the city, as promised, consisting of two guards, a servant, and four bearers carrying a small box between them on poles. Banners hung from the poles, rippling in the breeze. Below the city on the Pelennor Fields, a stouter troop of guards waited, along with a baggage train, and his seven allies and their officers and servants. The colorful and varied tents of the eight different kinds of soldiers were a curiosity that drew many to the walls of the city to look upon them. But those who were privileged to hold open invitations to the king's court went there instead, to watch the peace negotiations. Merry and Pippin were there, along with a crowd of men. They had asked Frodo and Sam to join them, to gawk at the different kinds of men if nothing else, but Frodo had said he felt troubled and had no mind for entertainment. Merry and Pippin had not bothered to ask after the nature of this trouble, for Sam would look after him, and in any case Frodo rarely wished to speak of that which shadowed his heart. Lord Chin's box carriers entered first, then Chin and his men. The box was of carved wood, chased with silver. Lord Chin came to the foot of the stairs in front of Aragorn's throne and announced, "I desire peace with Gondor and its allies. In token of this, I have brought a peace offering. Please accept my gift, King Elessar, in earnest of the mutual profit that peace will bring your peoples and mine, and those of my allies." "I thank you for your gift and your offer of peace," Aragorn said, motioning the box bearers forward. He walked down the steps until he stood on only the third step, within reach of the box. He was bending forward to turn back the lid on its hinge and display the peace offering when a small figure ran into the room screaming. "No! Don't touch it, Aragorn!" Pippin was startled to recognize Frodo. His face was wild, his blue eyes white-rimmed. Aragorn paused in his reach for the box. "Frodo? What is wrong?" Frodo wheeled on Chin. "You would bring this poisonous thing here." Frodo's voice had turned from a shriek of terror to an oddly menacing tone, almost a growl, a peculiar sound to hear coming out of a hobbit. "Fool! Do you think to ensnare Aragorn as you have trapped your other 'allies'? You did not reckon on me." "What is going on?" Aragorn asked. He turned to Gandalf, standing beside the throne. "Gandalf, what is it?" "I do not know. But my heart misgives me. You suspected a trap from the first, perhaps the box is it." "But you sense no wizardry." "Not all magic is obvious even to a wizard. Just as not all whistles call men, but some only the guard dogs can hear." In the meantime, Frodo had advanced on the box, shaking. His eyes rolled halfway up in his head, so that he had to cock his head at an odd angle to see, and he was mumbling something. Chin barked a command in the Easterling tongue. One of his guards stepped forward to fend Frodo away from the box. Frodo snarled, tripped the guard, and jumped onto the box. The box bearers dropped their poles and rushed forward, but they did not get there in time. Frodo unlatched the box and grabbed whatever was inside. He turned back to Chin, pointed at him with the hand that held the peace offering, and growled, "Down! Down on the ground before me!" To everyone's surprise—most of all Chin's, by his expression—Chin dropped to the ground. He looked up at Frodo in horror. "How did you do that?" whispered Chin. Chin's men cleared away from Frodo, afraid. "You think you have the will to wield this power? Fool! Will gets in the way! You cannot use it until you have no will left! What is required is attunement. And that you can never have, for the Eye is closed forever." "Frodo!" Aragorn called. "What is it?!" For answer Frodo brought his other hand up. He looked like he was wringing his hands, and then everyone saw the glint of gold. He held up his right hand, the one missing a finger, and there was a ring on it. Pippin felt himself gasp. Not a ring! This one had a stone, though. A glittering black stone. "Not much power left," Frodo commented. His tone was almost normal, and somehow Pippin thought that was even creepier than the snarling had been. Frodo looked at his hand. "Not even a little transparent. Well, maybe a small amount. Just a pale reflection of its former self. The wraith it held bound to itself for so