POPSUGAR. The Feel Good Hit of the Summer: an insider's view of pop band Aphrodite . BUBBLEGUM POP is a genre of music that is frequently dismissed in the industry for being shallow; meaningless, even. The band Aphrodite would like to disabuse the industry of that notion. When asked about their struggles in the industry, their lead guitarist, Valentina Diaz, snorted and flashed a smile that can only be described as vitriolic. She has refused to comment. Take from this what you will. But I should probably back up. THE BAND we know today as Aphrodite began as four solo acts, neither of which gained popularity until an unpaid gig at a coffee shop in Queens. The front men, or rather, frontwomen of the group, Drew Tanaka and Piper McLean, have chosen not to reveal the name of this coffee shop for reasons that are beyond even their fellow bandmates. "But then again," says Lacy, the drummer who has no apparent last name, "we never really know why or how Drew and Piper do anything." They met during each other's shows, performed together a couple times and realized that "they were fucking awesome together." And so it began. By all accounts, Tanaka and McLean didn't exactly get along at first. "They sounded great together," Diaz told me over a cup of coffee. "We all did. That wasn't the problem. They knew it too, or they wouldn't have gotten into bed with each other." She notices my horrified expression and laughs a little. "Not literally of course- they're fucking related. My point is, we were good together and we needed each other and they realized that as soon as they met probably. They're just really stubborn and they couldn't agree on anything at the time. Lacy and I had to threaten to quit before they began to try and get their shit together." And now? "And now they're, like, psychically linked or some shit. It's incredible to watch them hammer out our songs," says Lacy. She fidgets for a few more seconds and then hastily adds, "It's also a little annoying to watch." Netflix Greenlights 'Demigods' May 2017 A series of eleven episodes has been commissioned for 'Demigods', an upcoming show about the modern descendants of ancient Greek and/or Roman gods. The show is to be directed by Andy and Lana Wachowski, the duo behind the creation of Netflix's sci-fi dramedy 'Sense8' about eight psychically interlinked strangers. The show is rumored to be loosely based on Heroes of Olympus, the critically acclaimed young adult novel series by veteran author Rick Riordan, and by extension its prequel series Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Naturally, the rumor has garnered much speculation amongst the industry and fans of Riordan's novels. Riordan has refrained from commenting. Production for the series is to begin later in the year and the release of the series is set for mid-2018. Netflix Announces Casting For 'Demigods' August 2017 The upcoming Netflix series 'Demigods' was announced earlier this year and its casting was confirmed earlier this month at the Netflix upfronts. The show will be drawing from Rick Riordan's Heroes of Olympus series about the struggles of Greek and Roman demigods as they fight to prevent the rise of vengeful primordial Earth goddess Gaia, hence the title. The main cast includes a couple unfamiliar faces, including Puerto-Rican actress Reyna Ramirez-Arellano, of Univision, and Canadian actor Frank Zhang, (who makes his acting debut with 'Demigods',) along with Broadway nominees Jason Grace and Hazel Levesque. Levesque makes her television debut with this series. Rumor has it, famed actor Percy Jackson may also make his way into the main cast later in the series. Production has been pushed back and will begin early 2018 in San Francisco. The first series is set to release early 2019. Reyna really hates training. Not because she's afraid of doing the work, because she has in fact been doing the work since before she even heard about this fucking show, but because the work is rather unnecessary for everyone involved. Even tiny Hazel is jacked because of all those Broadway song-and-dance numbers, so there's no need at all to go the gym every other fucking day, and there's especially no need to record it. Not that Reyna's camera-shy- if she had been camera shy, she wouldn't have chosen to be a fucking actor in one of the most melodramatic film industries on the planet. It's just that she doesn't understand the need to document everything about one's personal life and release it to the nosy, intrusive legion of fans if your occupation requires you to be behind a camera for half a day anyway. She says as much in the latest video, and then Hazel shoots her a look so fierce it takes everything in her not to fall of her treadmill. She decides with a sigh that it's probably better to get this the fuck over with and stay away from any and all other unnecessary cameras. The point is, she really hates being on camera outside of work, until she gets caught on camera prepping for a scene with Hylla in her apartment by Jason, and two days later on Instagram Drew Tanaka comments i miss you two :( . She waits a minute, then in a severe lapse of judgement, she types out we miss you too dee , and hits enter. The response makes her want to turn off the Internet. [video] reallyreyna : running lines with my big sis :) load more comments reallyreyna : miss you too dee persabigail5ever : UM rrreynas : HOLY SHIT annababe-chase : okay they're totally dating actual_demigod : um? maybe don't make assumptions based on four word instagram comments? annababe-chase : persassy oh look i found a lesbophobe ^^^ actual_demigod : annababechase all i'm saying is that all we rlly know is that they knew each other before? we can't just assume that they're dating? persassy : annababechase [rolls eyes for eternity] annababe chase : persassy lmao ikr Persassy ( persassy ) [ /p/Bu87gKIL76 ] what should the ship name be? Official Riordanverse ( officialRiordanverse ) persassy ooh how about dreweyna? Persassy ( persassy ) officialRiordanverse or # DreynaConfirmed Official Riordanverse ( officialRiordanverse ) persassy YES Actual Demigod ( demigod16 ) dtanaka , reallyreyna care to comment? TMZ ( TMZ ) 2 Sept. 2017 'Demigods' actress has mysterious encounter with band member on Instagram. Find out here . Drew doesn't know why she does it really. She supposes it might have something to do with the way Reyna's hair falls over her shoulders in the video, or perhaps the pull in her chest as she watches Reyna lean into her sister and maybe it's the thought that in another time it would have been her on the that couch. But regardless, she types out the comment, hits enter. Two minutes, when Reyna types back miss you too dee , she imagines something getting lighter in her chest for the first time since high school. The TMZ article that results is ridiculous, as is the Twitter hashtag and the Instagram feud but she doesn't regret it. [dtanaka] 4/9/17 2:03 PM hey rey [reallyreyna] 4/9/17 2:03 PM hey dee [dtanaka] 4/19/17 2:03 PM can we meet up [reallyreyna] 4/9/17 2:06 PM 415-789-4535. call me? [dtanaka] 4/19/17 2:07 PM of course The phone rings twice before Reyna picks up, and only then because her hands are shaking too much. "Hey," she answers. Reyna hears something rustle in the background and then Drew says, "Hey," and Reyna almost collapses back onto her couch. Hearing Drew's voice is...she doesn't know but it does something to her that makes her a little dizzy. There's a long pause. Reyna hears Drew breathe, slow and steady, then, "I missed you." Drew's voice cracks. And she knows that they're both thinking the exact same thing: everything feels weird without you, that "I missed you" doesn't even begin to cover it. "Me too." "I...do you want to meet up?" "Of course. You in San Francisco?" "Uh-huh," Drew answers. Reyna can hear the smile in Drew's voice as clearly as she can hear the car horns in the background. "Our coffee shop?" "See you there in twenty." TMZ ( TMZ ) 5 Sept. 2017 'Demigods' actress Reyna Ramirez-Arellano seen at coffee shop with singer Drew Tanaka. Read full article here . "It's been a while," Drew says over her mug, eyes dancing with barely contained mirth. Reyna looks into her own coffee guiltily. "I know." She can almost hear Drew roll her eyes. "Rey. I was joking. For the thousandth time, you leaving wasn't your fault." Reyna makes a face. "Well it's not like Hylla physically pushed me-" Drew reaches over the table and takes her had. " Reyna." She opens her mouth to say something, and that's when the paparazzi that is no doubt hiding the bushes decides to start taking pictures. Drew leans back in her seat and closes her eyes in responses to the flashes of. "Fucking hell." "What do you think? Front page of People?" she asks, dunking her biscotti. Drew makes a face at her own biscotti. "I'm thinking Entertainment Weekly." Reyna grins. "'Gals Being Pals at Local Coffee Shop.'" Drew smirks at the bushes and takes another sip of her coffee. "Or on the other end of spectrum, 'Singer and Actor Confirmed as Lesbians After Rendezvous at Local Coffee Shop.'" Reyna snorts. Drew raises her coffee cup mockingly. "To the heteros." Reyna nearly spits our her coffee. "So what's the deal with you and that Reyna chick?" Piper asks as they're trying to figure out the vocals for a new song. "Nothing. We were friends." Drew frowns at her page. "Do you think we could tr-" "Were?" Drew sighs, looks around the room, and sets down her papers knowing that they're not going to get anything done while their attention is diverted. "She had to leave in the middle of college because her dad died." Piper sighs. "Poor girl." "I dunno Drew. You two looked like you were more than friends," Val says, pausing her game of Sticks with Lacy to give Drew a skeptical look. "Yes, well that's what happens when you grow up with someone," Drew says primly. "Wait I thought you two were just college friends," Lacy says frowning. "Obviously not, she just-" " Piper, " Drew says, visibly tensing. Piper studies her. "Okay. We won't push." "Thank you." Girl Talk with Natalia Cole: Drew Tanaka gives us the rub about life on the road. by: Natalia Cole / October 25, 2017 Drew Tanaka and her girl-group Aphrodite have slowly gained popularity over the last few years as their unpaid gigs turned into small concerts and eventually resulted in an upcoming gig with fellow pop artist Hayley Kiyoko. The frontwoman sat down with me today to discuss the industry, roommates, and life on the road. [] NC : Hi! Welcome! DT : Thank you! It's so nice to be here. NC : And it's nice to have you. Let's get into it shall we? DT : [Nods.] NC : So, you have a cosmetology certification, a Bachelor's degree in Psychology, and yet you decided to go into music? DT : [Smiles.] Well I guess I could give the cliché answer. 'I've been into music since I was a kid, I was following my dreams,' etc. But, um, that's obviously a lie. Long story short, I realized I was into girls around I got into music in my teens and at first it was a hobby, something to put on the college application while I figured out how I was gonna change the world for sapphic girls, and just the LGBT+ community in general, and then I met my half-sister, Piper, and she helped me realize that music could help me do that in a way that conventional methods of outreach couldn't, and well. Here we are. NC : And about Piper and your fellow bandmates. Am I to