NOW: Reyna, Piper discovers rather quickly, is a cuddler . Or rather, Reyna is a cuddler when she's with Piper. Which doesn't surprise Piper when she thinks about it- Reyna's mother is long gone, her father was there for only a few years before he vanished too, her uncle was a dick, and Hylla was (is) too burdened with looking after Reyna to look after Reyna , so. Reyna is touch starved and that's okay because really, Piper is too. Today, Reyna's in Piper's room. Her fingernails are bitten down to the quick and she's clutching the cup of water in her hands so tightly it's close to spilling over. Her dark locks cascade over Piper's favorite pillow and despite the furrow between her eyebrows and the bags under her eyes and the worry bleeding through every word she says, Reyna looks radiant. "Hylla isn't taking care of herself," Reyna says without being prompted. It's funny, Piper muses, that even now, when Reyna is obviously trying to distance herself from everyone, every th ing , she makes sure to stay close enough to Piper to be able to reach out a hand if she needs to. Piper sighs, turns her head and gets a face full of Reyna's hair, soft and silky and flower-scented. She swallows and moves so her face is near Reyna's shoulder instead. "I thought you talked to her about that." Reyna smiles. "I did," she answers humorlessly. Piper reaches blindly across the mattress and finds Reyna's hand. "Everything will be fine , Rey. You'll go to Harvard or Yale or something and she won't have to worry anymore." You'll go to Harvard or Yale and leave me here . Reyna nods, moving even farther across the mattress so her arm is pressed against Piper's side and turning her head so her chin rests on Piper's collarbone. Her slow breaths fan out across Piper's skin and as goosebumps rise, Piper realizes that she's not the only one who hates the fact that everything is changing. Piper knows she doesn't entirely believe the platitude they've been repeating like a prayer since the start of senior year ( everything will be fine, they say like Reyna's not leaving, like Piper doesn't love her with every fiber of her being, like they won't be torn to pieces when this thing between them ends) and Piper can't blame her- she doesn't entirely believe herself either. THEN: She meets Piper McLean at school. She and Hylla finally escape their hellish uncle when she's five and the government places them in a city called Los Angeles and stuffs her into Golden Gate Preparatory School ("one of the finest establishments in the country," they said, like Hylla had any idea what that meant) when she's eight after she's been tested for 'aptitude', what ever that means. (Blackbeard, they used to call her uncle on the streets, like he was some kind of boogeyman: be still child, be quiet or Blackbeard will come for you. Reyna always thought the moniker was too big for her uncle, her uncle who liked to drink, her uncle who spat at pictures of his parents late at night when no one was watching, her uncle the scared man who cried as he chased her out of the house.) Piper sits next to her on bench at recess on a particularly bad day. She doesn't talk at all, just sits, waiting for her to do something. Reyna doesn't particularly know what to do- she's barely learned English, and she doesn't want to alienate the only person who might be able to understand what she's going through, as one of the few dark-skinned people in a school full of blond hair and blue eyes. When Reyna doesn't do anything, she takes it as permission to sit down and watch the birds with her the next day and the next until one day, a month later, Reyna shakes her head, smiling a little and says, "Reyna." Piper frowns. "What?" "That's my name," Reyna says, turning her head as she fidgets, still self-conscious about her accent. Piper grins widely, like she doesn't notice at all, and in that moment, Reyna swears she's brighter than the sun. "I know." NOW: Reyna gets invited to senior prom. It's nothing new- there have been dances and there have been boys, but there's something urgent about senior year, about the impending reality of adulthood that seems to weigh over everything, and that makes it a little more real somehow: Piper is never going to have Reyna like she wants to, and Reyna is never going to want Piper the way Piper wants Reyna. Reyna says no to all the boys. There isn't anything new about this either, but it makes Piper feel guilty that Reyna is giving up all of it up so she can be with her best friend, a misfit who still cuts her own hair with safety scissors and wears windbreakers everywhere. This makes it all the more surprising when Reyna turns to Piper the week before and says, "I want to go." Piper tilts her head, rubbing her temples as she looks down at her Pre-Cal homework. "Go where?" she murmurs distractedly. "Prom." Piper looks up so fast she nearly snaps her neck. "I...where is this coming from?" she asks, rubbing a sweaty palm against her thigh as images rise in her mind's eyes: Reyna in a red dress, the lights bouncing off her dark hair, dressed to the nines. Reyna shrugs, avoiding Piper's gaze. "It's senior year and we should be...I don't know, living it up or whatever it is that they say." Accepting the fact that she's not going to get a real answer until Reyna's ready to provide one, Piper sighs. "With who." She shrugs again. "No one." She pauses, looking up at Piper through her long lashes. "You." She swallows hard as her imagination goes into overdrive (Reyna grinning and coaxing her into an abandoned hallway and pulling her close, close, closer until-) "And you're sure?" she asks, clearing her throat. Reyna nods. And in what might possibly be the largest lapse in judgement she's ever had, she says, "Okay." THEN: Reyna hangs out with Piper a lot. It's gotten to the point where Hylla doesn't have to ask where she'll be after school, and Mr. McLean has accepted thatReyna is coming over every day. It doesn't seem weird to Reyna that she spends as much time as she does with Piper - they're friends. Best friends. The "guidance counselor" at the "support group" they forced Reyna and her sister into seems to think otherwise. One day, Ms. Brown, a short squat woman who is probably the most generic looking white person she will ever see, marches up the hall into her group session in her ineffective orthopedic shoes. "Reyna?" she calls in her sugary-sweet soprano. "We'd like to see you." She shares an eye roll with her group then follows Ms. Brown into a small, sterile, blindingly monochromatic room. "Now," Ms. Brown begins, smoothing her skirt. "It has come to my attention that you have become...particularly close friends with a girl at your school." "Piper McLean," Reyna sighs. Ms. Brown tilts her head confusedly. "My friend. That's her name." "Right. Well they say you've been spending a lot of time with each other." Reyna rolls her eyes. "I was under the impression that that was what you did with a friend- spend time with them. Or do you Americans have a different definition?" Ms. Brown waves her hand dismissively. "Everyone in town is under the impression that you've spending a little too much time with Piper McLean." "I''m sorry?" Ms. Brown fidgets in her chair some more. "Reyna have you ever heard of...homosexuality? Lesbianism?" "Of course," Reyna says. "And frankly I don't see what's so wrong about it. Isn't that what your country was built on? Accepting people regardless of their differences, sometimes because they were different?" "Let's not turn this into a civil rights discussion," she says, hurriedly. "The point is that several people think the two of you are...lesbians." Reyna scoffs. "What so now we can't even spend time together l ike normal people?" "Now dear, that's not what I'm saying-" "That's exactly what you're saying! And even if we were that way, what is so wrong about loving who you want to love and believing what you want to believe? That's why some people came here isn't it? It is why Hylla risked her life to bring me to your country." "Again this isn't about civil rights this is about you. And while we're on that subject, this is your country too, Reyna," Ms. Brown says, smiling in a way that Reyna thinks is supposed to be welcoming. "No," Reyna says vehemently. "I will never forget where I came from." Needless to say, Reyna leaves early that day. Later, she remembers the way she felt when she first saw Piper smile all those years ago, the way she still feels when she holds Piper's hand in her own, the pride she has in being Piper's best friend, and she feels sick. (There's nothing wrong with me, she mouths in front if the mirror one day. She tries to say it out loud but the words get stuck somewhere. I'm normal, she tries. It comes out as "I'm lesbian." She repeats it, her voice cracking, and again and again until she sinks to her knees. That is how Hylla finds her thirty minutes later.) NOW: Reyna's smiling when she meets Piper for their weekly hot chocolate date. Piper orders for the both of them as Reyna runs over, ignoring the weird look the cashier gives them (it's the middle of February) and takes a sip to try and quell the butterflies in her stomach. Piper can count on her hands the number of times she's seen Reyna smile like she is now, usually because of her, but this time she knows exactly what's just happened and it's not something she's especially excited for. "Trade you," Reyna says and Piper can hear how happy she is without even having to look at her. It just makes her even sicker as she exchanges, taking a letter from Reyna and handing over the cup, albeit a little too concerned with making sure none of it spills over the side. Piper clenches her free hand as she pulls the letter out of the envelope and tries to stop it from shaking. She knows without having to read it that Reyna's been accepted. To Stanford. In California. Which is three times farther she thought Reyna was ever going to be. Piper clutches the paper so hard it nearly rips. Her vision tunnels. "I told you so!" Piper blurts, a smile spreading over her face despite the dread she feels. "I told you you'd get in!" Reyna frowns, somehow realising that Piper's smile isn't as genuine as she wants it to be. "Piper?" Piper drops her full cup in the trash and turns to Reyna with another unnaturally bright grin. "Race you!" she yells, tearing down the block like they used to when they were younger. She runs and runs and runs until she can't feel anything but her feet pounding the pavement, can't hear anything but the blood roaring in her ears, can't feel anything but the wind rushing past her. THEN: Reyna goes to a sleepover at Piper's house when she is fourteen. Hylla fusses for thirt minutes, making entire speeches about caution and women's safety in large cities and boys regardless of the fact that the only people in the house besides Piper are her father and Jane, her father's reclusive assistant. The comment slips out someh ow, after five hours of excessive sugar consumption and avoidance of sleep. "The Koch twins think we're lesbians," she says conversationally over a glass of Coke. (Hylla would have her head is she knew what they'd been eating.) "What?" Piper asks, bolting