It starts like this: "You're as crazy as Ares." It doesn't end like it should. When Percy is thirteen he explodes his first toilet at a summer camp in the middle of nowhere, and in doing so he unintentionally angers all of the children of Ares. The holographic trident that appears over his head soon after doesn't scare him as much as he thinks it should, but that's been a reccurring theme in his life. He's never done anything he should have. When he gets back to his cabin at the end of the night, he can still see everyone kneeling as blue light washes over their faces if he closes his eyes. Hail Perseus Jackson , Chiron had said, Son of Poseidon. Camp Half-Blood is fine, but something's always been off since his mom died. It's not something Chiron or any of the others do, but rather something about him. Percy's been angry a lot- at Gabe, at his father -but this is different. He's angry at everything now, Chiron, Grover, Clarisse, the Stolls. Luke Castellan, the head of the Hermes trains with him a couple days before the quest. Luke doesn't say you can do this! or tell him that everything will be fine , instead he says, "Don't rely on this to carry you through the next month or so. Two days of basic survival training wouldn't be enough for a week in the woods, much less a quest." Percy blinks. "Wow, nice pep talk, coach. Way to lift my spirits and-" "That's not what Chiron asked me to do," Luke snaps, eyes flashing. The moonlight highlights the planes of his face and Percy's gaze catches on the scar that runs over Luke's eye, down to his jaw. "Remember," he says roughly grabbing Percy's shoulder, " trust your instincts. " ( what happened to you? he wonders.) He swears he can hear Luke when he and Grover almost get mauled by a rogue Cyclops, and when they nearly get run over by one of Kronos' satyrs, and when the dryads try to launch an attack on them with a small army of squirrels when Percy nearly starts a flood and somehow creates a small forest fire and...well. Luke's advice saves his life a lot. He goes to say thank you, after they get back, and he gets a sword to the throat and a near death encounter with a scorpion for his trouble. "I didn't want to do this," Luke begins. His eyes are glazed over and he's staring off into the distance, so he looks more than a little unhinged. Percy watches him warily, eyeing the sword that hangs loosely from his fingers, then peering at the scorpion that's currently crawling up his thigh. Luke suddenly fixes his gaze on Percy's hands. "I wouldn't try anything if I was you. I'm the best swordsman this Camp's seen in three centuries. And the scorpion will bite if you so much as move an inch." "You're as crazy as Ares," Percy spits. Luke tsks like he's scolding a child. "It doesn't have to be like this. You could join me." Percy snorts. "You've been watching way too many movies." "Think about it Percy," Luke says. "What have the Olympians ever done for any of us? Because of them you and I and every other kid in here has a target on our backs but our parents can't even be bothered to let us know who they are. They abandoned us." Percy meets the scorpion's beady gaze. What does he have to lose anyway? "Alright." "Alright?" "I'll join Kronos." Luke smiles. "Good for you, Perseus." Luke lets the scorpion sting him anyway, lets the water heal him right before he dies. The first thing Percy does when he wakes up is reach for the nearest trash can. "Why?" he asks in between dry heaves. "Just a precaution," Luke says absentmindedly, twirling lockpicks in between his fingers and then vanishing them with a flick of the wrist. "So you know exactly what happens if you try to leave." He smiles, pinning Percy with a sharp look and a shark's grin. "You understand, don't you?" It's not stated as a question, so Percy doesn't answer. He meets the esteemed Lord Kronos on his fourteenth birthday. Luke takes him into an empty room on the Andromeda and turns off the lights. He learns two things that day. One: Kronos is really creepy, and two: he's not at all prepared for the magnitude of what he's agreed to do. "Perseus Jackson," Kronos hisses like a swarm of bees speaking collectively. "How nice of you to help us." Percy doesn't say anything. His hands become fists and his jaw clenches as Kronos laughs into his left ear. Percy knows Kronos doesn't have a body ( yet ) but he swears he sees something move across the room. "Well done, Lucas," Kronos says. The words reverberate around the room. ( well done, lucas, lucas, s.) Luke grins, as the moonlight bounces off the water and hits his face, making the scar under his eye look like it's glowing. Percy doesn't want to know what Kronos looks like when he's whole. "What did you think?" Luke asks quietly. He's always quiet and Percy can't help but think of his mom, with her quiet laugh and her quite voice, the gentle strength she had carried for so long. ( it's the quiet ones you have to watch out for , she had said once, winking.) "He was…" Percy trails off, trying to come up with a suitable word- terrifying , horrible , awesome , "...interesting." "Lord Kronos is a hard man to please but he is...satisfied with you, and in light of that, I've decided to give you a present. In honor of your promotion." He pulls something out of his pocket, and places it in Percy's hand slowly. He looks down at the object and then laughs, looking back up at Luke incredulously. "You're kidding right?" He blinks. "No. I don't kid." "But…" he looks down again, holds the thing aloft, tries waving it around like it's a lightsabre. "This is a pen, Luke." Luke snorts, then reaches over and carefully uncaps it. Percy stares as it elongates into a three foot sword. "Ah." He takes the sword from Luke, hefts it is it's hand. "Where did you get it?" Luke looks at the sword almost fondly. "Stealing the sword was one of the first things Lord Kronos asked me to do. The sword's name is Anklusmos. It's Greek for Riptide." He blinks again. "I'll see you tomorrow morning at six for sparring practice. Having an ancient sword is good for nothing until you learn how to use it." ( riptide, he says, staring down at the blade then leaning against a wall suddenly as a million images flood through his brain at once. anklusmos.) He meets a girl the next year at Mount Tam. She stands next to Atlas' ruined throne, and later he realizes how ironic that is. ("The stories say mountain was carved from the earth by the gods," a boy tells him with stars in his eyes. Percy's happy that he doesn't know any better.) She's looking through a pair of binoculars observing the mountain pass when he walks up to her , hands shaking as he shoves them in his pockets. His feet feel like lead and when he tries to talk to her nothing comes out. He doesn't know if the paralyzing fear he feels is a result of his proximity to her or of his proximity to the mountain. "I'm Percy," he says finally, standing next to her. The top of her head comes up to his nose so it shouldn't seem intimidating when she sizes him up but it does. She moves away, turning back to her binoculars pointedly. "Good for you," she bites out. He tries again, awkwardly. "Those are nice some nice binoculars." She gives you a strange little grin. It's sharp in a way that's strangely appealing. "They're stolen." "From who?" "It doesn't matter. I've already stolen them, and no one's come looking for them." She turns to Luke. "Here they come," she says, smirking wider. Percy frowns, peers at the mountain pass and then wishes he hadn't as he sees Campers, walking up the stone path. Luke grins back and it looks sharp too, but scarily so. Percy looks away as Luke yells, "Fire in the hole!" Not one of them makes it out. Luke makes the girl his sparring partner, a couple weeks later. Percy's not sure why, but he doesn't think he'll ever be able to understand Luke. She manages to insult his intelligence, put him in a headlock and throw him to the floor in under two minutes without touching a single weapon. The next three months progress in the same manner, the only difference being that he lasts much longer than two minutes after the first week, until one day he finds the tip of his sword pointing at her chest, and she steps back, with a satisfied gleam in her eyes. "Annabeth." He blinks. "What?" She frowns. "That's my name, moron." He doesn't think it suits her; the name seems too soft for someone as rough-around-the-edges as she is. He spends a lot of time with Annabeth that fall, mainly just running errands for Luke. Usually it's steal that and break into there and get that before the Campers do . Sometimes he feels a little guilty but most of the time he feels this rush after the job is done and he forget all about the people he hurts as the adrenaline kicks in. "Don't worry, Perseus," Annabeth says, handing him half of the haul with an ever-present smirk on her face. Sometimes he thinks she gets off on pissing off other people. "It gets better over time." "You sure?" he asks nervously, turning to look at her. Her eyes are glazed over when she looks at him, and the expression on her face is captivating, a raw, almost savage euphoria he's never seen on anyone before. She looks breathtaking, like a hurricane, like a tornado. She turns to him with that same sharp grin, and he's afraid for himself just for a second, afraid that one day he will fall into her sharp teeth and thundercloud eyes and sunlight hair, and he won't be able to make it out. The part of him asks if that would be a bad thing isn't as small as he would like. "Of course," she says. When she turns and smiles at him, it's softer than it usually is. (Probably a trick of the light.) Something remains unspoken, but he can't figure out what it is. The summer of his sixteenth birthday, Luke decides that he finally wants to really try and revive Kronos. The only way to do that is to find his casket, which happens to rest in a monster-infested death trap. He gets Ariadne's thread from Daedalus himself and drags Percy and Annabeth along with him into a giant maze. Percy hates his plan. ("It'll be great!" Luke tells him over delivery pizza and Kool-Aid. "We can revive Lord Kronos and get rid of everyone at Camp Half-Blood in one go, through the opening into the forest. We kill two birds with one stone." Annabeth protests, frowning. "If you're referring to Kronos as one of the metaphorical birds, your analogy is incorrect, considering we would be reviving him not killing him. Technically, we'd only be killing one metaphorical bird with the metaphorical stone," she says, looking very pleased with herself. Percy turns to her dismayed. "That's the only thing you find unsatisfactory about this plan?" She turns to you with a smirk, lifting her drink in a mocking toast. "Unsatisfactory. Look at you, using big words," she sneers. He snarls back at her, teeth bared. He doesn't notice Luke tilting his head at the two of them curiously.)