He sees her again for the first time in almost ten years at a mall in Massachusetts. He caught a lot of heat at a bank job in Kansas and he figured the East Coast was the best way to go- it's the farthest he could ever get from Topeka. He's been watching her for a while and she's noticed but he knows she's not going to say anything until she wants to, so he walks over and carefully sits down next to her. "Why are you here Percy?" she asks, after a few minutes of silence. She sounds tired, he notes offhandedly. "Window shopping," he says, cheerfully, "and to see the mall Santa of course. He's supposed to be especially jolly this year. You?" She sardonically brandishes a bag of gingerbread cookies in the air, then turns to frown at him. "Why are you really here? They almost caught you in Kansas you shouldn't even be out," she snaps. He gets the feeling that she's supposed to sound like she cares. "Lighten up, Annabeth! It's Christmas." "Christmas is over." She tries to sound mad but she can't muster up enough vitriol and she sounds dejected instead, almost dissappointed. A Christmas tree is still set up under the skylight and all the poles and arches still have garland wrapped around them. The hired Santa is still in "The North Pole!" and that probably doesn't help. He tsks at her, swiping a wallet as he pretends to pick something up off the ground. "Where's your holiday cheer?" She scoffs. "Jesus' birthday was in March. Ask me around then." He shrugs. "Fair enough." He nods at the mall Santa. "Guess who that is." She laughs bitterly. "In case you hadn't noticed," she bites out, "I'm not in the mood." "Just guess Annabeth." She huffs, squinting. "Is it Leo?" He laughs. "Remember when you were good at this?" She glares at him. "Just tell me then. I'm not in the mood for your games." "Jason," he says, grinning when she blinks. "What? Jason wouldn't..." she squints again and then widens her eyes comically. "Holy shit." She starts to laugh and then stops abruptly, trying to inconspicuously press a hand to her ribs. That's when he realizes that she's been hunched over the entire time he's been watching. "Annabeth?" "I'm fine," she says, trying for a smile. "No you're not." "Yes, I am," she says glaring at him. "Annabeth you can't even laugh properly." She tries to get up, and then falls back onto the bench again. "It doesn't matter. I have to be fine." He huffs angrily. "Why are you so fucking stubborn-" "I'm sorry I'm stubborn?" She tries to stand up again and he has to grab her arm to keep her from falling on her face. "Just...stay still and tell me what the fuck is going on!" She laughs bitterly, wrenching her arm out of his hand. "I don't have to tell you anything ," Annabeth snarls, "especially considering you sold me out to the FB-fucking-I." He shrinks back. "Fair enough," he repeats, walking away. He doesn't see the tear she wipes away angrily, or the way she seems to deflate as soon as he isn't looking. He comes back to the mall a week later to find her sitting in the exact same spot on the bench. She's staring hard at a jewelry store across from the bench over an ice cream cone. He knows she knows he's there, she's probably memorized the sound of his gait already, so he cuts to the chase. "I'm sorry." She gives him a look and then nods once, short, perfunctory. "I'm not." "When's the job?" She answers around a mouthful of chocolate ice cream and waffle-cone. "Day after tomorrow." Percy frowns. "You've only been casing the place for a week though." "Jason's been getting antsy," Annabeth answers, shrugging. Percy huffs. "You knew he was here." The corners of her lips quirk up ever so slightly as she takes another bite out of the cone. "Know everything I do," she says trying for Yoda. He makes a face. "That was terrible." She grins at him. "Seriously though. There's a thirty thousand in jewels there. Forty tops." She shrugs again. "Work's been slow lately. Feds are getting smarter, if you can imagine that." His answering bark of laughter is cut short after a few seconds and she smiles in response. They're not at all ready to talk about everything that happened on that bridge but this is a start. The next time Percy sees Annabeth it's because she finds him in the apartment that he decided to rent a couple miles away from the mall. The bathroom is the size of a broom closet, the only appliance he has is a small conduction stove he stole, and the small moth-eaten mattress in one corner is the only sizable piece of furniture in the three hundred square foot room, but he's okay with calling it home for now. He buys groceries on a Friday and ends up getting chased by some old dude who thinks he's Leo which. ( He's a thief but not that kind of thief and in what universe does he so much as resemble Leo?) When he finally does make it back to the apartment it's after dark, he's soaked to the bone and more exhausted than he's been in weeks so he doesn't really register the fact that his door is open until he turns and sees Annabeth slumped against the wall. "Holy shit," he breathes dropping the bag. He hears the eggs crack in their carton. "Fuck fuck fuck-" She laughs weakly, sliding down the wall in a manner vaguely reminiscent of a slasher flick, blood staining the dirty robin's-egg blue wall behind her. "If I'd have known you-" " Don't ," he says harshly. "Just...what happened?" She coughs once, twice. "They caught me." He frowns, kneeling next to her and almost driving his forehead into the wall. "Who is they? I-" " They ," s he repeats, wrapping her fingers around his wrist. " His men." "Right," he says "his men." He holds her gaze for a beat before looking down at her stomach. Her hands is pressed against a bullet wound and the blood has seeped into everything - her jacket, her shirt, the waistband of her pants. Her hands are covered in it, to the point that it would look like she was wearing gloves if he let his eyes cross. Annabeth takes her hand away for a minute and he thinks he might pass out once he sees the full extent of the wound. "Okay so..." He swallows and walks toward his bathroom. "I'm just gonna get some stuff," he begins, nearly walking into the opposite wall in his haste to get away and was it always this claustrophobic here? He has to lean against the sink for a few minutes and just breathe before he can bring himself to grab the first aid kit. "Okay," he says kneeling down beside her again. His hands hover her stomach, but he can't seem to tear his gaze away from the blood seeping out of her wound and pooling on the cheap linoleum floor. He doesn't think he can do this ( God he's going to kill her-) " Percy ," she says faintly. She looks him in the eyes, smiles like she knows exactly what he's thinking. "Focus. You have to do this." "Okay." He inhales slowly, then exhales. "What do I do?" She talks him through as much as he needs to and then passes out from the pain as he cauterizes her wound. It's not until he finishes wrapping her torso that he realizes he's up to his elbows in Annabeth's blood and he can still smell her flesh burning. He barely makes it to the toilet before he starts heaving up his breakfast. Annabeth wakes up five hours later in the middle of the night, coughing. He gets up of his mattress, locks the door so she can't make a run for it, then turns on the lights. "You're awake." "Looks like it," she croaks, coughing once or twice then wincing as she feels her bruised ribs. He hands her a bottle of water. "Tell me what happened." That seems to really wake her up. She shifts so she's sitting in her blanket-mattress-sleeping bag cocoon and frowns. "No. I'm not putting you in anymore danger than I have to," she says launching into another violent coughing fit. He scoffs. "As if getting shot, then running to my apartment hadn't done that already. Besides you stole my bed, the least you could do is explain why I may or may not be hunted down sometime in the foreseeable future." She sighs and he know's he won. Try as she might to find a loophole or a way out, she's always been a slave to logic. "I stole the Faberge egg." His brows furrow. "But the egg's with..." His eyes widen. "Holy shit. You stole from fucking Kronos?" She doesn't answer just runs a hand across her face and gives him a look as if to say duh . "Kronos, as in master thief, trained by Gaia herself?" He's nervous about Kronos for a reason that has nothing to do with his mother, but that's not something Annabeth needs to know. "That's why you were at the mall, wasn't it?" She nods, then winces as the motion pulls at her stitches. "The real egg was being transported through a civilian in backpack." She smiles. "It took some top-notch grifting to get that information." He doesn't exactly know what to say to that. "But why fucking Kronos ?" "I don't know, Percy," she says. He figures that she's supposed to sound annoyed, but he can hear her amusement and she's half smiling at him so he's not exactly sure what to think. "What?" he asks confusedly, trying to pick apart her expression. "Nothing," she answers. "That was not nothing," he says. "You were saying?" she snaps. He was going to say something, maybe something along the lines of are you fucking insane but he figures the answer is somewhat self explanatory considering she's sitting in his living room with a bullet wound, so instead he says, "There's no way you got through his private army, computer randomized laser grid, and state-of-the-art safe on your own." "I didn't. Leo helped me with the safe, and Jason helped me case the place and build my rig, and Piper grifted her way in with me. I haven't been able to case any place properly by myself since the bridge," she says staring at him pointedly. There's an edge to her voice that she doesn't like, but he deserves whatever she's going to throw at him. ( You turned me in- ) He clears his throat, looking away. "Then they're in danger. We have to go get them." She opens her mouth, then realizes he's right and closes it. "When do we leave?" When they're seventeen, Annabeth decides that she's going to steal the Hope Diamond. She doesn't even blink when she realizes how many hidden security measures there are protecting the thing, just grins. "It'll be fine," she says, "we'll be just like Ocean's Thirteen." Nico snorts, and everyone pauses for a moment as the sound echoes through the abandoned theater they're in. "Hazel just turned thirteen." Annabeth glares and mutters something uncomplementary under her breath. Sometimes Percy wonders how those two ever get through a job. "I'll be fine Nico," Hazel voices from where she sits behind Piper. "Now that that's settled-" Annabeth reaches into her backpack to pull a blueprint onto the stage they're sitting on and unfurls it "-The National Museum of Natural History in D.C., home of the Hope Diamond." She reaches into her backpack and pulls out what looks like a scale model. "It's sitting in a glass case, surrounded by sensors. We can't raise