Title: Southern Comfort - An entry for the Deep South Contest Pairing: Alice/Jasper Rating: M Genre: Supernatural/Romance Word Count: 7,848 Location: South Carolina Summary : Finding himself in the one place he swore to never return, he must make a decision; does he go on into the old city, where he once had love and a future? Or does he allow the beast he hunts to once again prey on innocent girls? Can he overcome the mistakes of the past so his town can have a peaceful future? Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Southern Comfort Back Home Again Jasper That smell, that beautiful smell of Magnolia's, salt air, and honeysuckle lingering in the cool night breeze. "The pain and joy of it drives me to my knees and overwhelms me. My mind and heart were reeling from memories so sweet and anguish so painful I could barely keep my sanity. Maddie, oh my Maddie, my beloved little love. My sweet, beautiful, and tiny Madison Yvette Belvoir descended from French aristocracy; she was any man's dream. She was the bell of this city and the one I wanted to spend my life with. I just thanked the Lord it was me she picked, because god knows there were more than enough suitors. We never made it to the altar, the war happened and families were torn apart, either going Blue or going Gray. Ours was no exception; my Madison's family had sided with the north while mine had sided with me for the South. Madison wanted to stay with me but seeing as we had not been wed yet, she had no choice but to listen to her father and he took her away from me. I understood, I really did, and I swore that when this was all over I would come back for her. Oh how I wish I could have kept that promise. I had tried for years to block her out of my mind, but lately she has been creeping back in and coming back here, well I guess it's as good time as any to find out what happened to my little angel. Back then she had been known as a heart breaker and mine had been shattered when I lost her. I needed to find out what happened to her. It didn't matter if she had gotten married to another, although it would have hurt but I was dead now anyways, I just needed to know that she lived a full life and hadn't become a casualty of war. It was during the war that I happened across an Immortal; she took my life and gave me this hell on earth. Once I found out what I was and what it could mean, well I knew I couldn't go back to Madison knowing that I may kill her and I was man enough to admit that it would also mean I wouldn't have to find out what happened to her and my family. I didn't think I could handle it if she had been killed or taken, so I stayed and helped with the army that my sire Maria had been building. Maria wanted an officer, someone who could help her unholy cause. I had been sent away from the troops to bring back more soldiers as I was a captain. I was on the edge of town and it was quite late. I had been riding for quite some time when I happened across these women walking along the side of river. I saw no horses, no carriage but as the gentleman and officer I was, I immediately offered them help. I remember Maria's teeth sinking into my neck and the feel of the venom as it courses through my body. I thought for sure I was burning in hell. When I came too she explained to me what I had become and why. I was horrified, especially when I realized that Madison was no longer a possibility for me so I allowed myself to believe that Maria loved me. I was miserable to a degree, killing was something I enjoyed and despised and I thought about leaving many times but I didn't trust myself to be around humans yet. Six months later Maria's hunters had captured my brother off the battle field and brought him to us. She wanted to kill him but I refused. Still I took his life and doomed him to the never ending hell that I lived and will be forever sorry because of it. I had lost the love of my life, I would not lose my brother too and I had to admit that I enjoyed having my real brother share eternity with me but I hate that I made him like me in the process. Running into the city I came across a general store, a gas station, and gift shop combination. Legends state that vampires can only drink the blood of the living, humans. This is very true but there are those that drink only animal blood and we are able to drink coffee too, the stronger the better of course and I do enjoy a good shot of Jack. What most people don't know, well the ones who come across a vampire and live, is that we can eat rare meats, they have to be very rare of course, but we can eat them. If I could eat a steak that was freshly cut of the bull I would but alas most places can't serve it that rare. It was a struggle at first I admit, but I have finally perfected the best diet for me; animals are fine, but a criminal once every eight months keeps me strong enough to interact with humans every day. It's not great but it's a life this way and not simply an existence. While pouring my coffee I see a huge advertisement for a re-enactment starting tonight. I could not believe my eyes, it was a Civil War re-enactment, and it included my old regiment. I stood there staring at the poster when I heard a voice "Which unit you in son?" turning towards the voice I see a kind and elderly man smiling at me. I realize he thinks I am in one of the companies and have come here for this. Well if I am going to bring the past back again I might as well go "whole hog" as they say. It would be a nice way to blend in unnoticed. "Sir I'm a Major in the South Carolina Sharpshooters" I tell him with pride of my old troop "Son, you don't have your kit, are you joining us tonight and attending the ball tomorrow?" he asked me Mine had been lost on that fateful night and I never had the chance or the courage to change it, there were too many memories and I couldn't relieve them, but now I felt like I could but where to get one? "Well sir I would love to do both, but I fear in my travels I have lost most of my things". He stared at me and then blinked and shocked me, which is not easily done. "My name is William Morgan III and I run this establishment and it just so happens I am the local go-to man for all things related to the civil war. We had an order for a couple of Uniforms and complete kits for a few local boys but they cancelled today. So I have an offer for ya; will you join us tonight and be my guest at our annual ball and I will give you the two kits and two complete sets of uniforms for a Major" It took me all of five seconds to agree so I smiled shook his hand and agreed to be his guest at the ball and to join him in the re-enactment. During the time it took to take my hand and really give me a gentleman's handshake I felt, fear, awe, honor, and respect. Puzzling to me, it's like he knows who I am. "It would be an honor sir, I'm Major Jasper Whitlock" I told him While there I bought four days worth of clothes and two new canvas bags to store them in. I also bought new boots, army boots that looked just like they did back in my day and new western boot, along with the uniforms and the kits. I even bought Peter the same set. Once I had bought enough William offered and I accepted a ride to the encampment. When we got there it felt like I was suddenly taken back in time. Oh how I wish my brother Peter had come with, he'll be so sorry missed this. Before me was a complete camp circa 1861. There were tents and campfires in neat little rows as far as the eye could see. We were using the back lands of the Middleton plantation, a more beautiful place would be hard to find. I remember there was a ball held here in this very spot just days before the war broke out and my life changed forever. I had taken Maddie and I remember the two of us waltzing to the music. She had worn a lovely green gown and her mother's white pearls and I admit that I entertained the idea of wanting to know what was underneath it but I was a gentleman after all and as I a gentleman I attended the ball wearing my dress uniform. Back then the two of us looked like the perfect pair and I sighed heavily with the weight of my memories. "My darling you look ravishing tonight" I softly say as I waltz the prettiest girl at the ball around the room. The candlelight enhanced her features and her green gown made her stand out, not that my darling needed it but I felt the need to tell her. She had a dance card and most men coveted the chance to punch it but I filled every dance but two on that card, they belonged to Peter. He was the only man I would dare let dance with her, she was my delight and no one else's. "Maddie each time we come to one of these you are more beautiful than the one before" I said softly as he her rested against my chest "Oh Jasper you charmer" she flipped her fan up and smacked my chest with it playfully. "You sir, are the most handsome man here, bar none" "Biased" I laughed "Oh am I now!" she hit me with her fan again "I mean just look around the room; Sally Green over there thinks she has the best catch of the season but that scrawny Captain can't hold a candle to my Major" here she blushes like a ruby making my heart all but burst for the love of her. "Darlin, I only have eyes for one lady here and she is in my arms right now so Miss Green will just have to do with scrawny Captain" I scolded with a smirk and she laughed again We waltzed right through the open doors and into the garden. We then stopped long enough for Madison to gather her skirt up slightly so we could walk for a bit while I tried to I build up the nerve to ask her my hearts fondest desire. "Sit my lady" I said as I lead her to a bench under the moonlight. "Maddie" I say as she looks over at me and then I slide to one knee. I heard her draw in a deep breath and then she looked at me, waiting "Marry me my dearest, I will never want another" I asked and then gulped as my heart beat one once, twice and then she squealed "Oh yes Jasper yes" I lifted