Title: One Night in New Orleans - An entry for the Deep South Contest Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Genre: Angst/Romance Word Count: 5,659 Location: New Orleans Summary : One night can change your life forever. Lost and alone, Bella thinks her life is over when she is attacked. Edward found her, and in turn, everything that his life was missing. **Warning** Violence in the form of an attack. NO RAPE. If this offends you please do not read. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. One Night in New Orleans BPOV As I looked out into the backyard from my rocking chair on the veranda, I watch the Spanish moss blowing in the breeze. I can hear the barges being pushed down the river. I close my eyes and think back at all the nights we have spent listening to the sounds of the South. Unless you have ever lived here, you could never appreciate the simpleness of our lifestyle. I take a few minutes to just listen. Laughter has me opening me eyes. As I do I am rewarded with a heartwarming sight. My grandchildren running from their grandfather, aka the tickle monster, trying to avoid capture has to be one of the most rewarding things to see. I chuckle as he catches the youngest, Madison, and she squeals for her brother to help her. I think back to when we first officially met, that fateful night so many years ago now, forever etched in my mind. Two seemingly lost somewhat strangers, one night in New Orleans, and the rest as they say is history. Now I would love to tell you that our story is all rainbows and daisies, with leprechauns and unicorns, but I cannot do so truthfully or with a straight face. We have had our ups and downs, and overcome many obstacles to be as happy as we are now. We are grateful and thankful for everyday we spend together. We know all too well that tomorrow isn't promised, and to not take things for granted. Our lives started out in a sleepy, smelly town on the North Shore of Lake Ponchatrain in Louisiana. We grew up on opposite sides of town, and are almost a decade apart in age. Edward only knowing me in passing, whereas, I knew everything there was to know about him. You see I might have had a slight crush on him growing up. I guess you could say I had a bit of hero worship if you must. He and my older sister went to school together. She was a cheerleader and he was the quarterback. We won the state championship four years in a row with him at the helm. He was also the class valedictorian, with scholarships to several hoity toity schools up North. Every guy wanted to be him and every girl wanted to be with him. He went away to school and everyone was jealous. We all wanted out. Well as my grandma used to say, "Shit in one hand, and want in the other. And see which one fills up first. " She really had a way with words. After he graduated, Edward's parents retired and moved to Baton Rouge to be closer to his older brothers, Emmett and Jasper. The guys had just graduated from medical school and were starting residencies there. I eventually ended up in Hammond at Southeastern Louisiana University. We both grew up, went to college, and then in a moment of divine intervention our paths crossed. I thank God everyday for sending my savior into my life. He found me at my lowest and has brought me to my highest. I am the luckiest woman in the world. Not only am I married to Dr. Edward Cullen, I am the mother of his children, I am his best friend, as he tells it his saving grace, and I am a survivor. BPOV Our story begins like most. We were both born to a two parent household. However this is where our paths diverge. Edward, the youngest of three boys, grew up in a loving home. Drs. Carlisle and Esme Cullen were two of the most well respected physicians on the North Shore, which afforded them time with their children. Everyone loved them and they were very charitable. They gave back to the community. Dr. Esme served on many committees with civic groups. They both were selected, at different times, King and Queen of the local Mardi Gras Krewe. The boys were in the scouts, played all the little league sports, with Dr. Carlisle as a coach, and were very active in the church youth group. My childhood was very different. My parents were blue collared, working class people. Charlie was the chief of police and Renee was a school teacher, who taught summer school to bring in extra income. These jobs left little time for their children. Alice was the first born and a miracle by her own right. Born early and not expected to survive, my parents doted on her and funded her every passing fancy, within their means. I however was eight years younger and unexpected. My parents were older and hadn't planned on having another child. I was never abused or neglected, but I never really felt wanted. Alice and I got along well and never really argued. She didn't like me following her around, and I would rather read a book then venture out with friends. Alice was a social butterfly. She never met a stranger and everyone loved her. Many people didn't even know she had a little sister. We were also active in the church youth groups. Alice cheered for the little league sports, and all through high school. She went to college at Louisiana State University on a cheerleading scholarship. Her grades were good and she graduated magna cum laude with a degree in nursing. I graduated as valedictorian from high school. I went on to attend Southeastern Louisiana University on a state scholarship. I majored in psychology with the intent of going to medical school and becoming a psychologist. However, all those plans ended the night of my undergraduate ceremonies. I had graduated early and begged my parents and sister to attend the short notice ceremonies. A fact I would later regret. My parents and Alice were traveling home from Hammond that evening when a drunk driver hit them head on. Charlie and Renee died instantly. Alice was air lifted to Our Lady of the Lake Hospital in Baton Rouge. She was in a coma for six weeks. When she woke up, and was told she might never walk again, she was furious. She blamed me and said she wished I had never been born. I went to our parent's house that night and took everything that belong to me and disappeared. My worst fears had been confirmed. You see, I too had blamed myself for the accident. I thought that if I had not begged them to come, they would have been alive and Alice would have been just fine. I walked out of the house knowing that I would never again be welcomed there. I hoped that one day Alice would forgive me, and that maybe I would forgive myself. I drove to New Orleans that night, and drifted amongst the forgotten and abandoned. I didn't want to be found and slowly lost myself. I was no longer Bella Swan, I became Marie. She would be my ruination and my salvation. BPOV It's amazing what a haircut, grown-up clothes, and lots of make-up can do for a girls' self-esteem. After several weeks, I had secured a job in one of the bars on Bourbon Street. I met a couple of friends that helped me learn the ropes of living in "the Big Easy." Angela and Rose were the best friends a girl could ask for. They never pushed for the reason I was there and always had my back if push came to shove in the bar. I learned a lot about myself that first year. I realized that I was stronger than I ever thought. I took control of my life and became a confident woman instead of a scared little girl running from her troubles. Three years after the accident, I was ten feet tall and bullet proof. I thought I could do anything and go anywhere. Angela and Rose warned me about going out alone and I didn't listen. One night, the second worst night of my life, change me forever. I was alone in the French Quarter. Angela was out with her boyfriend, Ben, and Rose was at work. I wanted to hear a band, Bottom's Up, play, so I went alone. I had my phone and mace with me. I thought I would be okay. Boy was I wrong. The concert was excellent and ended around 2 am. I had a few drinks, but I wasn't drunk. I started to walk home along the almost deserted streets. I thought I heard someone following me, however when I looked around, I didn't see any one. I kept walking. About two blocks from my apartment, I heard him. His voice was low and terrifying. I reached in my pocket for my phone and mace. As soon as I pulled it out, he was on me. He pulled my phone out of my hand and demanded all my jewelry and money. I didn't have much, thankfully I hadn't worn Renee's necklace, so I gave him the few dollars and costume jewelry. He laughed at the meager amount of cash. He grabbed my hair; pulled me towards him, and told me what I thought would be the last words I ever heard. "You wouldn't be worth getting my dick out for, so I'll just kill you," he whispered. I prepared myself for the end. I protected myself as much as I could from the blows. He struck me over and over. I screamed and screamed. Several strikes to my face and I knew my jaw and nose were broken. The kicks to my ribs were excruciating. I hoped someone would come to my rescue, but knew this was my punishment for killing my parents and permanently disabling my sister. He stepped on my leg, and as I heard the snap I yelled one last time for help. Things started to go black, and just when I thought I was dead, I heard the voice of an angel. I knew I was dying because there was no way that he was here. He could not be my savior. God was just playing a joke on me now. I heard him calling for an ambulance and the police. I was almost unconscious when he leaned in and spoke, "Help is on the way, stay with me," the angel said. I tried to speak several times before the words I never thought I would be able to say to him came out, "I love you, Edward." Everything went black as he responded with the most shocking word, for I didn't even know he knew I existed, "Bella….." EPOV Why would anyone in the world want to live in the God forsaken town? I can remember as a kid, growing up on the North Shore, having so much fun when we would come to the city, especially for Mardi Gras. Now, I just didn't see the draw. I guess it was being away in Nashville for college or just growing up, but now I couldn't wait to get the hell out of here. I was here for a conference at Tulane. They were trying to get funding for a new pediatric surgery that we wanted to see happen at Our Lady's Children's Hospital. We are affiliated with St. Jude's, and we're always looking for new and promising treatments. I was excited to share the new information with my team. Of course, I