Chapter 1: The Hobbits Avalon Hills was an orphan at just the age of 7. Her parents were killed by orcs and Avalon has the scars up her arms of the orc blades and the whip marks on her back from the torcher she endured. Avalon was taken in by Aragorn. He was just starting out as a ranger. He taught her everything he ever knew. Avalon was now a petite woman with soft wavy brown hair. Dark eyes behind soft features that showed years of hardship. She was a beautiful woman, who bore many scars from her past. A tough woman who only knows to fight and not to experience true love. Only ever having Aragorn in her life, she knew only of companionship, friendship. andAt the age of only seven years old Avalon Hills and her family were attacked by a group of orcs. Her parents were murdered bruttally, while Avalon was saved, but now have scars up her arms, made from the orc blades, and the whip marks on her back, from the tourcher that the orcs put her through. It was Aragorn that saved her from the death that would have surely came from the orcs. He took her in and raised her. At the time he was just starting out as a ranger, but he still taught her everything he ever knew. Now it's been many years since the death of her parents and Avalon have grown into a petite small woman with soft wavy brown hair. Dark eyes behind soft features that showed years of hardship. She was a beautiful woman, who bore many scars from her past. A tough woman who only knows to fight and not to experience true love. Only ever having Aragorn in her life, she knew only of companionship, friendship. and acceptance. Never had she felt another's man's love or the loving touch of man. What she wore was not of a princess, but that of a ranger, but more specific an archer. Brown leather pants that fit to her toned legs, brown leather boots that went to her knees, a thin dusty tan shirt under a dark brown leather vest that helped show off some cleavage. Over her clothes she had a cloak that was forest green made from thick warm fabric with a thick hood that covered half her face and tied in the front. She had bow leather braces on her wrists and her bow and quiver under her cloak on her back. The two rangers were on yet another mission. They're had been talk about the wraith around this area, which is why Avalon now sat with her back to the windows, sitting beside Aragorn, in a rather busy and loud bar. Both rangers sat at a table watching the hobbits that sat talking and drinking. She could see two were nervous. As one should be with such power possible on them. The wraith wasn't just out and about for shits and giggles. Both Aragorn and Avalon believed the ring was with them. Avalon heard the dark haired hobbit ask the bartender who they were. "He's one o' them rangers. Dangerous folk they are, wanderin' the wild. What 'is right name is, I've never heard, but round 'ere, he's know as Strider. An' the girl beside him is his companion, she goes by Falcon. Her eyes are like a hawk, no? Always watching her surroundings and seeing from far distances. Both are pretty much a mystery here, but I do know both have seen their fair share of death." The man said before wandering off. Avalon watched as Frodo ran over to his friend that kept mentioning his last name. "What do you think is the matter with him?" Avalon asked Aragorn. "If it is true and he does have the ring he'll be running from the Nazguls right now. He wouldn't want anyone to know his last name." Aragorn said looking at Avalon. "Why do you think we go by names that are not ours?" He asked causing Avalon to fall silent. They both turned and watched just in time to see Frodo grab the friend only to fall heavily to the ground. Aragorn watched as the ring flew upwards, out of the Frodo's hand. Avalon grabbed onto Aragorn's arm in shock, half of her suspecting them, but the other half hadn't thought it was true. She watched as Frodo tried to catch it, but instead it slipped onto his finger. "That fool." Aragron said as he stood with Avalon. "He's going to bring the Nazguls right to us." He says as he grabs Avalon's arm and dragged her into a spare room, which they knew Frodo would enter. The two moved into the shadows towards the doorway as Frodo pulled the ring off. Aragorn grabbed Frodo by his shoulder and pulled him up. "You draw far too much attention to yourself," Aragorn hissed. "Mr. Underhill." Avalon followed quietly behind them as Aragorn pulled Frodo up the stairs and threw him into a room. "What do you want?" The hobbit asked sounding frightened. Avalon shook her head and laid her hood back. Her brown wavy hair falling out of it's loose ribbon. Her hair cascading over her shoulders. "There'll be no more caution from you; that is no trinket you carry," Aragorn said as he moved quickly across the room and dying the flame on the candles. "I carry nothing." Frodo said causing Avalon to roll her eyes. "That is not what I saw just a few minutes ago." Avalon spoke up. Frodo could see her bow and quiver along with her sword on her back, causing Frodo to gulp. "I can avoid being seen when I wish, Avalon can do it even more better," Aragorn snapped as he threw back his own hood. "But to disappear entirely-that is a rare gift." Frodo's eyes went from Avalon to Aragorn. "Who are you?" He asked. "Are you frightened, dear hobbit?" Avalon asked. "Yes." He answered. Avalon gave a smile. "Not nearly frightened enough. We know what hunts you." Aragorn tells him as he smirked in a humorless manner. Aragorn took two long strides to Frodo. The doors burst open causing Avalon to pull out her elven made blade. Thick as three inches and goes to her shoulders to her waist. It had a silver T shaped handle with eleven wording going up the blade. It said Orc Killer, human survivor. She had it personally done when she became a ranger. Avalon spun on her heels and aimed her blade towards the doors. There she saw three hobbits. All looked completely terrified and all had been prepared to fight the two until they saw the blade and dropped their 'weapons'. "L-Let him go." The chubbier one said. "O-Or I'I'll Have you, Lonshanks!" Avalon just tsk. "Oh will you now?" She questioned as she put the blade to his throat, causing his face to pale. "And what is to stop me from cutting your vocal cord before you even step an inch forward?" The hobbit gulped and looked at the girl about ready to pee himself. "Oh relax, you hobbit. I only kill orcs with this sword." She said as she stepped back and put the sword away. The four hobbits sighed in relief. Aragorn smiled and placed a hand on Avalon's shoulder. "You enjoy frightening people too much, Falcon." Aragorn said with a smile. "And you," He said to the three hobbits who ran in. "You have a stout heart, little hobbit." He put his sword away and frowned. "But that will not save you. You can no longer afford to wait for the wizard, Frodo. They're coming." "We must move quickly A-Strider." Avalon said. Avalon sat in a chair by the window when the four hobbits sat up in bed. They were wide awake after hearing the loud shrieks of rage in the air from the riders. "What are they?" Frodo asked and Avalon turned and looked at the four. Another scream came from just across the courtyard, this caused Avalon to sigh. "They were once men." Aragorn speaks up. "But not anymore. Once Great kinds of men, long ago," Avalon said standing and walking towards them. "Now they serve only one leader." "They were kings, but then Sauron the Deceiver gave them nine Rings of Power." Aragorn explained. "Blinded by their greed, they took them without question, one by one falling to darkness. Now they are slaves to his will." "They are called the Nazgul." Avalon said as she crossed her arms. "Ringwraiths, neither living nor dead. At all times, they feel the presence of the Ring, drawn to the power of the One. They will never stop hunting you, not until you are dead, or the Ring is no longer in your possession." "Where are you taking us?" Frodo asked. "Into the Wild." Aragorn tells them as he walked in front of them beside Avalon. "How do we know these two are friends of Gandalf's?" The one known as Merry asked sullenly. Avalon rolled her eyes at Aragorn who cracked a smile. "We have no choice, but to trust them." He said as Merry sighed annoyed. "But where are they leading us?" Sam asked. "To Rivendell." Avalon said speaking up. "To the House of Elrond." Causing Sam to gasp. "Did you hear that? Riverdell! We're going to see the elves!" Avalon smiles at the enthusiasm in the hobbit's voice as she looks out at the land before them. "We need to get a better vantage point." She mummers before she heads over to a nearby tree. The hobbits watch her as she climbs up the tree, reminding them of a monkey. Avalon was a very interesting human being. She was born with great abilities. She could see the past, present, and future through visions that she receives. Due to her special gift it made her sight become enhanced. She has better sight than even some elves, people say she has the sight of a bird. Avalon loved climbing trees, she felt safer in them then on the ground, and only Aragorn knew of her abilities as a seer. Down below Avalon, the hobbits were trying to make another breakfast, but Aragorn stops them from doing so. "Gentlemen, we do not stop till nightfall." Avalon drops down from the tree and landed beside Aragorn with no harm done to her from the high drop. "But what about breakfast?" Pippin asked sounding shocked by what Aragorn said. "You already had it." Avalon said as she rolled her eyes. "We've had one, yes. What about second breakfast?" Avalon raised an eyebrow at him at his question. Aragorn shook his head before starting forward. "Sorry boys." Avalon tells them as Aragorn heads forwards, Avalon is quick to follow her teacher. "I don't think they know about second breakfast, Pip." Merry tells Pippin. "What about elevensies?" Avalon could hear he was starting to get frantic. "Luncheon? Afternoon tea? Dinner? Supper? He knows about them, doesn't he?" Avalon giggled as she walked beside Aragorn. "I think you upset them, dear friend." She speaks with amusement, which Aragorn returned with a smirk. "Hobbits." He sighs with a shake of the head causing Avalon to smile. "I wouldn't count on it." Avalon heard Sam say. Aragorn picked some apples before chucking them back. "There. That should keep them happy and moving." Avalon rolls her eyes. "Oh... Aragorn." Avalon sighs and pulls her hood back on. "Always a charmer." "Pippin!" Merry calls irritably, causing an irritated and tired sigh to come from Avalon. This was going to be a long walk to the castle. Sam came stumbling over the hill with Bill the pony, causing Avalon to giggle. "We'll shall rest here tonight." Aragorn calls as Avalon started climbing a tree. "Why you climbing a tree?" Pippin asks her, causing her to smile. "I prefer to sleep in trees." She tells him before swinging onto a branch, resting her back to the