Hey everyone:-) Back again I be... Thanks to everyone who reviewed 'Is This Goodbye?'; I really enjoyed reading all of your lovely comments:-) For anyone new to the series; WELCOME:-) I'm very glad to have you here! You can start by reading this instalment if you want, or you can go back to the very beginning. Here are the previous stories in order in case you want to go back: .: Hope and Greenleaf :. .: An Inseparable Duo :. .: Fight Your Fears :. Woes of the World :. .: Red Sun Rising :. .: Through Hell and High Water :. .: Is This Goodbye? :. Just so you all know, I'm currently making an Aragorn & Legolas calendar for 2006 which you can get from my site Elf and Ranger (once it's done of course). Anyone who'd like a copy, simply go to the site (I'll write a Shout Out when it's done) and save it. ;-) SO! Now on to the story I know many of you have been dying to read... What Spirit Governs... this is Legolas-centric, so anyone looking for Aragorn here will be disappointed. Fear not though! The next story will be completely devoted to our wonderful Ranger! This story will also provide some detective work for you to do. Keep an eye out for clues; this first chapter is FULL of them... .: Chapter One :. The forest was silent. He could see but a few metres in front of him before the trees became too thick to see through, whilst somewhere above his head in the dense canopy a crow screeched loudly. Something cracked in the undergrowth behind him. Legolas swallowed involuntarily. "Hello?" No answer. Still staring over his shoulder, his heart hammering, Legolas slowly withdrew an arrow from his quiver. Notching it to his bowstring, he pulled back and turned fully, now facing where the noise had come from. "Show yourself!" he ordered loudly. Still no answer. Suddenly, something barrelled into him from behind, knocking him off his feet... ---- Sólia cleared her throat, attempting to catch her husband's attention. He ignored her, continuing to pour over the paperwork that lay on the table in front of him. "Thranduil..." "Mmmm?" He carried on reading, turning an old yellowing piece of parchment. Sólia rolled her eyes. " Thranduil !" Thranduil's head snapped up. "What? What!" She tapped her foot impatiently on the floor. "Noticed something dear? Something, or should I say, two things which ought to be here but are not?" She then proceeded to stare, glowering. Thranduil shifted uneasily in his seat. "Erm..." He looked about the breakfast table, wondering what on earth was missing... "The salt and pepper?" Something sounding suspiciously like a growl came from Sólia's throat. "No..." she said through gritted teeth. "A bit more important than the salt and pepper ..." Thranduil looked about again. 'Valar,' he thought desperately. 'What IS it! She'll kill me if I can't-' "I CANNOT BELIEVE YOU ARE SO OBLIVIOUS!" Thranduil sighed. 'Too late,' he thought miserably. "Do you recall how many people are in this family!" she shrieked. "Well, there's you, me and-" "Exactly!" Sólia interrupted. "AND! Where are they!" "Who?" asked Thranduil innocently. It was simply too early in the morning for the Elven King – but he was suffering for it now. " The boys, Thranduil !" hissed Sólia. "Where are our sons!" It finally dawned on him; 'Ah, so THAT'S what's missing!' He thought for a moment. "My apologies melath-nin, but I have no idea." Sólia blanched. "Oh Valar! If you don't know... and I don't know...! They could be anywhere! They could be lying, hurt somewhere, with nobody there to help them! Thranduil! We have to go now, we have to find them and-!" The door swung open and the Royal Couple's eldest child, Hallataulë, wandered in. "Morning," he said simply, helping himself to a piece of toast from his father's plate. Sólia fell silent. Thranduil simply shook his head and returned to his paperwork. "Hal, dearest, where is Legolas this morning?" enquired Sólia politely. "Of course..." grumbled Thranduil under his breath. "Be polite to the boy . Never mind biting the head off of your husband ..." Hallataulë shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know; he was already gone when I woke up. I assumed he was here having breakfa-" "I KNEW IT!" Hallataulë jumped out of his skin as his mother yelled again. His piece of toast dropped from his hand, landing butter side down on the floor. "Knew what?" Thranduil spoke softly, still not looking up from his papers. "Your mother is convinced that your brother is out in the wilds and getting into trouble again." Hallataulë rolled his eyes. "Well, that wouldn't be surprising, would it?" "She also said the same about you..." "Me!" Sólia interrupted the exchange. "Hal, get out there now and find him!" "But my breakfast-" "Never mind that!" she scolded. "What's more important? Your brother or your stomach!" "Well actually, now that you mention it-" He cut off as soon as he saw the look Sólia was giving him. It was the look a cat gave a mouse before pouncing. He laughed nervously. "I-I'm kidding... I-I'll go... now..." He gave an awkward grin and rose from his seat quickly, leaving the dining hall at speed. As soon as he got out of the door, Hallataulë scowled. 'I swear Legolas,' he thought to himself. 'If you've gone out looking for that blasted wolf of yours again, I swear...' ---- Legolas struggled under the weight of the creature now on top of him. He raised his hands, trying to push the animal's face away from his own. "L-Louvel! Down boy! Off!" He laughed as Louvel licked his face again. "LOUVEL!" The wolf backed off a little, allowing the young Elf enough room to sit up. Legolas ruffled Louvel's fur and grinned. "How many times do I have to tell you not to run off in the middle of the night?" he asked, still stroking his adopted pet. "I could say the same thing to you!" said a frustrated voice directly behind him. Legolas looked upwards and back to see his older brother standing over him, scowling. "Oh. Morning Hal." "Don't 'Morning' me, Legolas Greenleaf!" snapped Hallataulë. "I hope you realise Ama was worried sick about you!" Legolas smirked. "It wouldn't surprise me. Why? Did you get it in the neck again because of little old me?" Hallataulë suddenly hefted his brother up off the floor. "YES." Legolas' grin faded. "... oh..." "Yes, 'oh'! Legolas, in all seriousness; you've got to stop sneaking out at night! This is the third time this month!" Legolas stared at his feet. "Louvel keeps running away-" he began. "Then stop him from running away!" said Hallataulë. "Tie him up or something!" "You can't do that!" protested Legolas. "Louvel is a wolf - a free spirit! You can't tie him up!" Hallataulë sneered. "You can if that free spirit insists on running away constantly." He sighed. "Well, it's up to you I guess. After all, he is your dog-" "Wolf," said Legolas quickly. Hallataulë paused. "Pardon?" "You said 'dog'. Louvel is a wolf ." explained Legolas. "Wolf, dog; they're both the same thing! Furry with sharp teeth and tails!" "So are cats." Hallataulë shook his head. "No, cats don't have sharp teeth." "They do!" said Legolas. Hallataulë suddenly fell silent. Legolas smiled knowingly; this meant his brother couldn't think of a decent comeback. "I'm sure you owe me a sparring match by the way." Legolas' face fell. Hallataulë had suddenly remembered. It was true; Legolas had gotten out of a meeting by saying he was going out on a pre-arranged outing with friends. Their parents had believed it, even though Hallataulë knew for certain it wasn't true. Legolas didn't have many friends in Mirkwood, and the very few he did have had been away that day on an army training course. However, the pair had struck a deal that Hallataulë would keep his mouth shut, purely for his younger brother's sake. If Thranduil and Sólia knew about the way many of the other young Elves treated their youngest... well, let's say that heads would certainly roll. The sparring match was Legolas' part of the agreement; one mock fight in return for Hal's unbroken silence over the secret. "O-ok... sparring match then!" Legolas tried to grin. Hallataulë laughed and winked. "Hey... don't look so nervous!" ---- Hallataulë made a stabbing motion with his sword, barely stopping the sharp blade mere inches from his younger brother's abdomen. "Got you," he said simply. "Now don't move and told me what you did wrong." Legolas looked about him, at his own twin daggers in his hands and at his brother's stance. "I don't know," he confessed. Hallataulë rolled his eyes and grabbed Legolas' wrist, pulling his hand and knife across into a defensive position. "You left your middle open... again ." The older Elf scowled. "You've got to stop that!" "I can't help it!" protested Legolas indignantly. His brother scoffed. "Legolas, you have to help it! Your enemy is going to take every opportunity to hurt and kill you. If you're out in a battle situation and leave your midsection unguarded like that, it's like handing them your death on a silver platter; they will take it . Unlike me, an Orc won't stop it's sword before it runs you through." Legolas fell silent, but Hallataulë noticed the slight reddening of his cheeks. Softening his tone, he added; "You've got to trust me on this one Legolas. Believe me, I know... from painful personal experience." "Don't give me that!" scoffed Legolas. "Honestly Hal; you're so dramatic..." Hallataulë raised an eyebrow. "Oh, getting cocky now are we!" He quickly swung his sword upwards and round, stopping it exactly next to Legolas' neck. A tiny trickle of red blood ran down the blade. "Now, aren't you lucky I practice every day?" smirked the older prince. Legolas didn't make a sound. The only movement he made was as he swallowed and his throat moved ever so slightly. Hallataulë smirked and put his blade away, pausing only to wipe the small droplet of red away with a cloth. Throwing the rag at his younger sibling, he turned and began to walk away. "You can keep that as a memento to keep your mouth closed next time." Legolas looked at the red on the fabric. "You're mad, aren't you?" Hallataulë didn't look back. "Last time I looked, I was sane as I could be, what with living in this family-" "You know what I mean." interrupted Legolas flatly. Hallataulë stopped and looked back over his shoulder. Legolas still hadn't moved. The older Elf sighed and retraced his steps, returning to the younger one's side. "Look..." he began softly. "Sorry if I scared you." Legolas sneered. "Scared me? I wasn't scared, I was-" He stopped as he caught the look Hallataulë gave him. "I wasn't!" Hallataulë laughed. "Right, of course you weren't..." He clapped his brother on the back and they started walking. "But seriously," he said after they'd strolled a short way. "You have to stop brushing people off like that when they're giving you advice. You're so stubborn, Legolas – one of these days, you'll regret it!" Legolas grinned. "And when that day comes, I'll marry a Dwarf..." Hallataulë pulled a face as though considering the comment seriously. "You realise you'd probably give Ada a heart attack?" Legolas shrugged. "It could be interesting." He grinned again as his older brother hit his arm, laughing. "I'll tell him you said that!" A voice from up the hill on their right interrupted their conversation. "Legolas!" Legolas stopped in his tracks. He knew who that was. Looking up, he saw exactly whom he expected to see; a tall pale Elf with a thin face and dark brown hair. This Elf stood atop the hill, waving slowly. "Ah... hello Miarthan." Legolas smiled as Miarthan quickly descended to meet him. Miarthan