Summary: Fifteen-year-old Scarlette Everdeen volunteers for her younger sister Primrose in the 74th Annual Hunger Games. With her is the handsome baker's son, Peeta Mellark. Over the course of their journey into the limelight of the Capitol, they fall in love. But with the Games looming closer, can they hold onto their love, or will it be their undoing?... Twenty-four go in, and only one comes out. Note: This is NOT a Peeta/Katniss story. This pairing is only because Katniss has a certain significance to the story. I'm sorry if you have clicked on this and expected to get some Peetniss (?) action, but the pairing is my OC and Peeta. If you could, maybe read my story anyway? It'd be very much appreciated. :-) Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games. Anything you recognise, whether it be the plot or characters, are the property of the lovely Suzanne Collins. I just play with the storyline. ;-) Chapter One The sun filters through the tattered curtains, permeating the otherwise pitch-black room and making my closed eyes burn. I groan softly, careful not to wake my mother and two sisters. I feel myself blindly reaching across the bed, seeking Prim's warmth. Her side of the bed is cold. I open my eyes; there she is, in the bed across the room with our mother. She must have had a nightmare. I don't blame her. I was so very nervous my first Reaping as well. Being careful not to wake my sleeping elder sister up, I slide out of the bed and change out of my nightgown that I've had since I was ten; not a lot has changed in five years. I throw on a shirt and a pair of jeans, not sure whether they're mine or Katniss's, tie my blond hair up, bunch it up in a loose-fitting cap and put my hunting boots on. My father gave my elder sister and I a pair of hunting boots each when we were younger. Not Prim, though. She's too young. That was before the mining explosion. I relish the feel of the faded brown leather, softened from wear of use. I grab Katniss's hunting bag and check everything is in there. Good. My eye catches the bedside table, and I smile. Prim's left us some goat's cheese from her goat, Lady. I take off the wooden bowl that she used to shield it from the ravenous rats around our house and pack it in the bag; Gale, Katniss and I can have it for our breakfast. I softly shake my sister awake. I've given her enough time to sleep in. "Katniss? We have to go now," I whisper softly. We have to be quiet or we'll wake Prim and mom up. "Unggghh," she groans blearily. "It's morning already?" "Just after dawn," I smile. Typical Katniss. "Get dressed. Let's go." Usually, the part of District 12 I live in, the Seam, where all the poor people congregate, is swarming with both men and women ready to start a hard day's work in the mines. Not today. Today it is silent. Today is the Reaping. Katniss and I head over to the fence, an electrical one that is never on. Theoretically, it is supposed to be on 24 hours a day, but we're lucky if we even get an hour. Still, she listens for the tell-tale humming of the electricity crackling through the barbed wire. She shakes her head. If you were to look closely, there is a hole just big enough for someone to slip through. We found it quite by accident, several years ago, and still use it to this day. We continue in companionable silence, picking the occasional blueberry from a nearby bush; no words are needed on a morning like this. As soon as Katniss and I are sheltered by the dark, thick mass of trees, we grab our choice weapons from the hollow; two pairs of bows and arrows, one each, and a set of knives for me, because Katniss can't aim with a knife. At least, not well enough to score a kill. Further in, we encounter several animal traps hidden amongst the meandering green. I smile to myself. Gale was here. We know the path through this wood like the back of our hand. We've had to. It's the only way we'll get enough food in order to survive. I hear a crunch behind me. I lurch, and grab Katniss's arm in front of me out of instinct. I spot a deer behind us, and before I can shoot, I hear a throat being cleared. The deer bounds off, startled. I groan in annoyance. Katniss jumps; I relax, because I already know who it is. I smile. "Hey, Gale," Katniss says easily. We turn around, and there he is, a small, bitter smile on his face. That's the only kind of smile he smiles anymore. Our way of life in this hellhole of a District has ruined him. "Hey, Catnip, Scar." He replies. Catnip is a nickname he calls my sister; when we first met him in these very same woods, when he was fourteen, Katniss was twelve and I was eleven, she introduced herself so quietly that he had mistaken her name for 'Catnip'. It stuck. My real name is Scarlette, but he just finds it fun to call us names, I suppose. "You ruined my shot, dammit!" I grumble. "I was saving you from your stupidity! We haven't brought our knives with us; we can't skin it. Imagine what it would look like if the Peacekeepers found us lugging a buck back through the town. We'd be put on the whipping post before we could explain ourselves," Gale replies, picking up a stone and throwing it. Instantly, a flock of birds rise up from the trees, startled by the sudden noise. I instinctively pull arrows out and shoot rapid-fire, aiming for as many as I can. I know I have hit my target, because I hear several muffled thuds as the birds fall to the ground. Gale pulls out a make-shift bow; he isn't as good as Katniss and I, but he makes do. Katniss joins in on the hunt. After the rest of the birds have flown away, Katniss collects our kill. "Fourteen!" She says triumphantly, unsticking the arrows from the left eyes of the birds and handing them to me. It's my signature move, the left eye. Katniss is the right eye. Gale... well, wherever. She hands back my arrows, all six of them, and places the bird carcasses in her bag. I laugh. We can all split the profits between our families. We settle down and fish from the lake in our clearing as we talk for a while, a tradition we have upheld since we first discovered this place. We can talk about everything and anything here, where it's quiet; what we did the previous day, our thoughts and feelings about the oppression of the Capitol. It's the only place we can be ourselves; free from the hopeless dragging of our feet in our District and the Peacekeepers, who, ironically, cause more trouble than they solve. We rarely partake in happy musings. We amass a good deal of fish also, which is stored in my bag in brown paper so it doesn't spoil as we eat. While the conversation is still good, I take out the cheese, which is wrapped in a large green leaf. "Look what Prim's left us!" I say brightly. I also take out the little sack of berries I collected in my journey here. Katniss and Gale stare at them hungrily. It's not often that we get such nice cheese, but it's Prim's gift to us on Reaping day. Reaping day. Today is the day where one boy and one girl between the ages of twelve and eighteen – the tributes – are selected to participate in the Hunger Games. Our country of Panem is said to have risen up from the ashes of a place once known as North America, after some kind of nuclear war. It seems like picture-perfect ideology; thirteen Districts surrounding a glorious Capitol. Yeah, right. Because some time into this settlement, the thirteenth District rebelled. They were crushed by the Capitol. Now, there are only twelve Districts and a large, empty wasteland with fumes still rising from the nuclear bombs. We see the wreckage on television sometimes. It's to remind us that if we try to gain our freedom, we will be destroyed. Well, another reminder, at least. The Capitol's punishment for District 13's rebelling was to create the Hunger Games; an annual event where the tributes from each District are forced to participate in a contest where they kill each other in order to survive. Twenty-four go in, only one comes out. That's the rule. They broadcast it on national television each year, and, to humiliate us further, we are forced to watch it and treat it as a celebration. No wonder Gale, Katniss and I feel trapped in the confines of our District. Gale reaches into his bag and pulls out a fresh loaf of bread. I feel my eyes widen. "How much did that cost you?" I ask incredulously; it's not often that we get such a treat as fresh bread. "Just a squirrel," he replies. "Mr Mellark, the baker, has a soft spot for them." He looks pointedly at me. I feel my cheeks begin to burn and I look away, embarrassed. It has been a near constant practice of Gale's to inadvertently tease me about the baker's handsome sixteen-year-old son, Peeta, after he claimed he caught the boy staring at me on school grounds from his side of the oval. I sit with Katniss, so I tell him it's probably more likely to be her he looks at. Who wouldn't, though? She's beautiful, with her dark hair, olive skin and grey eyes, pretty much the complete opposite of me. It's rare to look like me, Prim, and mom in the Seam, with our fair skin, equally fair hair and blue eyes. I change the subject hastily. "Now we can really have a feast!" We tuck in vigorously. It isn't likely that we'll get such a treat as this again for another year, so we savour it as much as we can. When we are finished spreading the cheese over the bread slices and practically inhaling it, the conversation takes a darker turn, like it always does. "One day, I'm gonna take my kids out here and show them what we used to do together," Gale smiles as he wipes his hands on his jeans. I'm glad for him. He is very good-looking; he'll have no trouble finding a wife. You can tell by the way the girls at school whisper about him as he walks past that they want to get with him. "I don't want kids," I say. Gale seems to be disappointed. Probably because he missed out on the chance of being an uncle. I know Katniss shares my view. Who would want to raise a child up for slaughter in the Hunger Games, or live with the constant fear that the government instils in us? I couldn't do that to a child. Maybe if things were different, but they're not. This is our reality. "Wonder who is going to be Reaped?" Katniss mumbles. "Probably more Seam brats ," Gales says, spitting the words out with contempt. He can't let go of what the escort for our District, Effie Trinket, said about last year's tributes. We knew them, kind of. They lived a few streets down from me and Katniss. They were killed in the bloodbath, the initial fight after the horn sounds that signals the beginning of the Games. We all knew they would. District 12 never has tributes that last longer than five minutes in the Arena. There is an uncomfortable silence. "We could do it, you know. We could take