Hermione crept down the stairs, mindful of her sleeping housemates. Although Number 12 Grimmauld Place had all the comfortable amenities of a modern home, it was still old and quaint, complete with creaky stairs and a hot water heater that could not support more than four residents. Unfortunately, there were often twice that many staying in the house; various members of the Order in need of rest and respite, passing through London on their way to another headquarters, or Aurors looking for a sanctuary for a couple of days while they prepared for their next mission. The old Black home was never quiet. She was currently the only permanent resident; she had been hit with a particularly nasty spell when she and Seamus were ambushed while on assignment in Cambridge, and the healers (and Molly Weasley, to her great annoyance) had insisted that she remain idle for a good ten weeks if she wanted to make a full recovery. She was only eleven days away from being free of this hell. Sometimes her chest and ribcage still cramped if she moved too quickly or bent wrong, which was painful as hell, but she was healing well considering the magnitude of the curse that McNair had thrown at her. One of the Order's healers had told her that it could take years for the pangs to stop completely. But at least she was alive. That was more than she could say for Seamus. Swinging the door open to the kitchen, she sighed, disappointed. Empty. She had not seen him in over a week. None of her comrades had any word of his whereabouts. Not that they even cared. He was only a tool to them; he had never been acknowledged as a true member of the Order, shunned by all except for when he was of use to them. It was ironic, she thought – he was perhaps the hardest working person in the entire resistance, but he was the least appreciated. His job was the most dangerous of them all; he faced a fate far worse than death if he was discovered. And yet he never asked for anything, and not once in five years had she heard him complain. A far cry from the pale, skinny boy that had tormented her in school. This version had a gift for silence, and had graduated from bigoted brat to hard-working agent; he was tall, well-built, more of a man and less of a boy. He possessed a deep, passionate anger that he kept buried within, simmering; but sometimes she could see its intensity, would watch warily as hot rage flashed briefly across his silver eyes, gone as soon as it appeared. He spent many nights at Grimmauld Place, pacing the length of the kitchen. When, after a few days of hearing him wear a hole in the floor, she had joined him in the dining area and poured them each a glass of firewhisky, he'd sat down at the table without a word and drained his drink in one gulp. The next time he stayed overnight three nights later, she had done the same thing, and from then on their meetings had become routine. They would sit there together at the table in comfortable silence, sipping at their drinks; sometimes they would stay there for hours, until the morning sun started to creep through the windows. She had found that he struggled with the same sleeplessness she did, perhaps even more so. Dark memories haunted their dreams and stirred up a deep paranoia that plagued them when they were awake, making it nearly impossible to get to sleep in the first place. She had tried many an elixir, but none could break through the trauma of her psyche; she knew that he could not risk taking a potion, could not take the chance of his mind becoming vulnerable. His Occlumency must remain constant at all times. In his occupation, discovery meant certain death. So they each went through life with façades of functionality, doing their jobs to the best of their ability as they suffered in secret. She fixed herself a cup of hot tea, adding a generous splash of brandy to ease the tension in her body and mind. Sitting at the kitchen table, in the chair diagonally adjacent to his usual spot at the head of the table, she stared at the kitchen door; waiting, waiting, waiting for it to swing open and for a tall, scowling blonde Death Eater-turned-spy to come stalking into the room. But he never came. And so she sat there in stillness and silence, worrying the inside of her cheek with her teeth, as she always did when she was anxious. Any chance of sleep eluded her, once again. So for the eighth night in a row she sat and thought about the boy-turned-man Draco Malfoy… …with insomnia her only company. oooo On the tenth night of his absence, Hermione Granger finally slept. She slipped into peaceful slumber; not because her mind was at ease, but because her body demanded it – it was beginning to shut down from lack of rest. She had colorful, intense dreams, but she slept nonetheless. She was not about to complain; she would take what she could get. After a full four hours of deep sleep, she jerked awake, her sensitive ears picking up on the faintest of noises downstairs. The clock read 2:34. Her ears straining, she heard a rich male voice utter an expletive that would have had Molly gasping in horror. She sighed in relief. She knew that voice. Climbing out of bed, grateful for the few hours of sleep she had gotten, she slipped her lightweight purple silk robe on over her over-sized t-shirt (it had once belonged to Charlie Weasley, she remembered), knotting the tie securely. She was instantly sweating; the house's air conditioning was marginal, and it struggled to keep up with the muggy heat of London's July. She pulled her mop of hair up into a high ponytail – it had grown impossibly long these last few weeks, the extra weight keeping it from becoming too frizzy – and secured it with a hair band. Slipping out of her bedroom door, she crept down the stairs, avoiding the steps that creaked; she was an expert by now, having walked those stairs hundreds of times. She heard snoring as she passed the room that George now inhabited, and she smiled fondly. A black cloak was draped haphazardly over the banister at the bottom of the stairs, and she recognized the smell immediately – crisp pine and hints of musk and citrus. She touched it absentmindedly, but recoiled when her hand came away covered in blood. Horrified, she flew into the kitchen, paying no mind to how the door slammed open a little too loudly. She stopped short when she came face to face with the tip of a wand. For a split second she took in his wild eyes – as pale a silver as she had ever seen them, almost iridescent in the low light of the kitchen. It was a striking image to behold, one that would remain imprinted in her memory for years to come. His pale beauty never failed to stun her; if angels existed, surely he was one of them. A fallen angel, perhaps. A light bulb flickered and buzzed, and then burnt out. His hair was slightly mussed, gleaming nearly white in the light. Blood poured down his left temple, staining the pale yellow hair above his ear a deep maroon and running in a crimson trail down the side of his jaw to his neck. Blood soaked through the front of his white t-shirt and she thought she saw a stain on the knee of his dark jeans. The toned forearm pointed at her face sported an ugly, jagged gash, and she noticed the awkward angle at which he held his other arm, cradling it gingerly against his side. His eyes were white hot with a mixture of rage, fear and pain; the severity of his gaze had her stomach doing somersaults. This was a man she should be afraid of. His hand was shaking. She reached up to put a hand on his wrist, pressing it down slowly as recognition dawned in his eyes. "Granger," he said in acknowledgement, his voice hoarse and strained. The emotion in his eyes faded into something else that was somehow no less intense. Because that's what Draco Malfoy was – pure intensity in its rawest form. He had nearly impeccable control, was a master of schooling his face into a mask of indifference – but there was always that aura of power around him, a constant hum beneath his skin. He exuded a sense of mystery, and anyone within a hundred feet of him could see how dangerous he was. But his was usually a quiet presence, and he used it in his favor; he was easily overlooked as a threat when compared to some of his more volatile colleagues – on both sides – but it worked to his advantage. He was a snake in the grass, hidden until he struck when you least expected. There was no way to see him coming. "Jesus, Malfoy, what happened to you?" she asked, relieved when he set his wand on the table. "I'm fine, Granger, really; but your concern is touching," he said acidly, turning back to the task at hand. She watched in amusement as he struggled to open a bottle of Ogden's finest with one hand. She rolled her eyes, exasperated, but did not offer to help – his pride would not allow it. She would only insult him by performing the task for him. Eventually he worked the cork free enough to grab onto it with his teeth, tugging it out with a pop and spitting it somewhere across the room. She grimaced in disgust as he took a long pull straight from the bottle, barely wincing as the sharp liquor burned down his throat. She grabbed two glasses from the cabinet and set them on the dining room table, pulling the bottle from his grasp and pouring them both a generous amount. "No need to be uncivilized," she muttered critically, sipping at her whiskey. "And don't mistake my curiosity for concern," she added acerbically, her eyes shooting daggers. He snorted, the corners of his lips quirking up. She saw a spark in his eyes then, which had darkened back to their typical enigmatic grey; but it was gone as soon as it had appeared. If there was anything that Draco Malfoy appreciated in another human being, it was the ability to match him in wit. And Hermione Granger was a more than worthy adversary. She had his respect. "Alright, Granger, I'll bite," he said casually. "We got attacked by Aurors at Nott's family home tonight. An attack that I had no knowledge of, I might add; no one deigned to warn me about this little escapade. And no one spared any blows. The gashes are a courtesy of the lovely Miss Weasley," he said, gesturing to the open wounds, "and whatever the hell happened to my shoulder was caused by a chunk of rubble that Lupin flung my way with a levitation spell. Great friends you have, Granger, really. I'm charmed." She swallowed, horrified. "Ginny? Ginny did this to you?" she asked disbelievingly, looking him up and down. He was a mess. He chuckled humorlessly. "Oh come now, Granger. Why are you even surprised? I'm certainly not. Your precious Order members have incredible abilities when it comes to holding a grudge. The mistrust and general loathing have not abated in five years – Lovegood is the only one who has shown an ounce of kindness, but that's because she's more than a little peculiar. Arthur tolerates me. And you…" He trailed off, unsure of the right words. "Well, you're something else entirely. You've always been