Hello, friendly readers! If there are any. Quite frankly, I'm not sure myself why this story is even happening, but when inspiration sees fit to shank you and refuse to set you free until you sit down and write something, there's no point in arguing. Just a warning, I've had a bad track record in the past of finishing stories, but as always, I shall try to do my best. If it makes you feel better, I waited until I've at least got a handful of chapters waiting to be posted, and with a little bit of faith, trust, and some fellow nerd support, I'd really like to complete this one. :) That being said, reviews are always appreciated, even if you're one of the Draco Malfoys of this world and enjoy spicing them up with negativity. Please just keep the swearing to a minimum. ;) (Ps, if you haven't noticed, I'm painfully sarcastic. Surprise! Hope no one's actually offended, 'cause I would feel bad.)(Also, in case this was confusing, I actually love Malfoy.) Anyway, as always, I reserve the right to change things if need be, so if you have any suggestions, please share. If not, hope you enjoy it anyway (yes, it starts sort of slow, but bear with me. I hate intros, too, but they demand to be done.) And, as always, have a fabulous week! -Echo Oh, and silly me! I forgot to tell you- I have never really written an OC. If she's awful, please tell me so I can apologize, try to fix it, and send myself to Azkaban. Though, again, she does get a bit better. At least, I think. Allons-y! CHAPTER 1: Turn Tail and Run "Stood at the coal face, stood with our backs to the sun I can remember being nothing but fearless and young We've become echoes, but echoes that fade away We fall into the dark as we dive under the way…" -Silhouette (Aquilo) It was two long years before Mavis Roberts remembered what had happened the summer the foreigners came to the campground. Two long, painful years before she knew why her little brother died. It was two years that she lived unaware of the hidden world that had and would change hers forever, until the day that it all came flooding back, with flashing light, her family's screams and tears, white masks, and the word 'obliviate.' But she had never forgotten him- the pale blonde boy, an unnamed face with iced blue eyes. She didn't remember anything else about him, except that he was the only thing that survived the memory charm that stole a piece of her life and failed to stop her brother's nightmares. She would find him, the one she called the Dragon. He was her only small chance for justice, and she would make him pay. She was fifteen when the dreams began to bring back the memories of her thirteenth summer, when she first heard the words "muggle," "Hogwarts," and "Quidditch World Cup." Having grown up in rural England where her father ran a campsite every holiday, she was used to being completely bored by the small trickling of geared-up outdoorsmen and their grubby children, but for a few weeks that year, things were very different. Sometime in July, the oddest sort of people began showing up- an old man wearing a nightgown, a child carrying a broomstick like a prize, and a whole slew of teens bedecked in shamrocks or red robes bearing the face of a man she'd never heard of nor seen. First a few came, setting up tents with weather vanes, windmills, and chimneys. A few more followed, paying with gold coins and toting around carved sticks. After that, they poured in in droves. Every day, her father would come in after taking their fares, and mumble about all those crazy out-of-towners, with their strange ways, their strange words, and chattering about some bloody world cup. Her mother would chide that it was good for business, and when she asked her little brother what he thought of the whole thing, he was young enough that he just shrugged and kept playing with his toy cars on the rug. Some days, she tried to ask her father what made the travelers so strange, but he seemed to forget pretty quickly that he'd ever complained about them, before doing just the same the next day. The first week, she watched from the window, curious, but not daring to go outside. But thirteen year olds don't stay put long. The eighth day, and for many days after, she donned her slippers, put on a ratty shirt and jogging shorts in an attempt to fit in, and snuck downstairs and out the door. If she'd thought they were odd from afar, the foreigners, which it turned out were witches and wizards, were more curious up close than she could have imagined. The sticks were actually wands, sending out bright sparks and performing fantastic tasks with just an incantation and a wave; and the brooms actually flew; and the tents not only had odd decor, but were also larger on the inside, complete with stoves and beds and cupboards and sinks, and objects that moved on their own. Magical folk were everywhere, in every campsite for miles, all talking and laughing and bragging and betting and fighting, and selling souvenirs for some sporting event called "quidditch." Mavis was fascinated, and she spent hours every day there, curious, but not daring to approach anyone. There were a few times when sellers would try to get her attention, but when she showed them that all she had were pound notes, they called it "muggle" money, and bothered someone else. Everything for sale was either "Bulgarian" or "Irish," red or green, your team or mine. She enjoyed these memories, but her dreams couldn't stay there, on those good days. It was the last day that held the answers. It was the day of the Quidditch World Cup that she met the Dragon. Early in the morning, she snuck out, first checking that her brother was asleep, her mother cooking in the kitchen, and her father busy with a handful of mostly red-headed customers outside. Clinging as close to the wall as possible, she raced out back to where more tents than had ever been at the campground before stood surrounded by an air of amplified excitement. Tying her chocolate brown hair in a huge green bow that she'd just added to her ensemble, and determined to find a seller who would accept her pound notes for a souvenir of the best summer ever, she skidded to a stop in front of a beefy vendor wearing duck slippers and stripped overalls, with a stall and a sign reading: "Get your Sonic Whistles! 5 Galleons Each." "Hello, Miss! Sonic whistles, louder than sonorous at 1000 yards! Great for cheering your team, only 5 galleons, a steal!" said the man in a heavy Bulgarian accent, holding up a long metal pipe with ornate holes at either end. "How much in pounds? I left my… er, galleons… back at my tent," she lied. "You take… muggle money, don't you? The man frowned. "No. Wizard fare only. You come back?" She plastered a smile on her face, thinking it figured and beginning another lie, but the man was already calling over her shoulder. "You, sir! Biggest fan of the world cup needs a sonic whistle, eh?" "What, so I can blow my eardrums out? Come on, Crabbe, Goyle. Wait 'til my father hears about this load of rubbish," said a voice, clearly unimpressed. Mavis looked over her shoulder, and that's when she saw him- a boy who couldn't have been more than a year her senior, flanked by two brawny boys that could have as easily been bodyguards as friends, sticking up their noses in distaste at the wonders that surrounded them. The vendor began to protest, but she didn't hear him. For some reason, the boy's cold blue eyes had locked on hers instead of on the stall where his attention had been drawn. She guessed he was probably a great ruddy prat by the way he was acting, but something changed in his face as she looked at him. There was something like danger, or maybe fear, lurking behind those eyes- she could somehow sense it. How… strange. Not like the others were strange. As far as appearance went, he looked normal, (or if she were being honest, above.) No, something else. She was still trying to figure it out when one of the brawny boys broke the trance with a loud whisper; "Who's she?" "Who's who?" the boy said irritably, scowling and breaking eye contact. "That girl you're stare-" "Never mind, Goyle," he snapped, his pale skin going the faintest, almost gray shade of pink. "Father will be expecting me. Come on, then." And with that, he turned to stalk away. Unable to look away for some reason, Mavis watched him go, and he seemed to feel her meadow-eyed gaze because a moment later he glanced back, glowering at her and seeming rather uncomfortable. Uncomfortable herself, and not really sure what had possessed her, she rolled her eyes at him, as if to say, "oh, go on then," as if they'd been having some lovely conversation and not an awkward staring contest. His expression darkened, and she saw it again- that mysterious glint of fear. Because it's what you do when you're thirteen and don't know how to cope with boys and unexplainable emotions and situations, she stuck her tongue out at him, and he took it as his cue to stick up his nose and go. It would have been fine and well if she had never seen him again, but she saw him later that very day. Late in the afternoon, the large crowd that had gathered began to dissipate. In a steady flow, the wizards and witches gathered a few belongings and left their campsites, all heading in about the same direction. Falling into step behind a tall witch wearing an apron and galoshes, she followed them until she was filled with a great feeling of urgency that she needed to get home. In a panic, she turned around, walked a few paces, and felt fine. What was she worried about? The worst that could happen would be a grounding for not being home on time. She turned around again, and began following a teen in a surprisingly normal outfit, when she was filled with dread again, in the same exact location. Heading for home once more, she decided it might be better if she stayed put for awhile rather than follow the crowd. She hid behind a large tent sporting a rather noisy wind chime, and soon, the place was deserted. She almost did go home, but the heat of the day, and the sudden calm after a few weeks of constant excitement left her extremely tired. She fell asleep in the grass, until she awoke hours later, alone in the dark, to the sound of triumphant hooting. The Irish had won. They must have, because the second a green-faced, clover wearing madman caught sight of her green bow, he snatched her up in a hug, yelling in her ear drunkenly; "we won, we won!" Though most were less emphatic, many more wizards than had hitherto noticed her kept clapping her on the back and waving Irish paraphernalia in her face. Despite being utterly bewildered, she couldn't help the wide grin that spread across her cheeks, infected by the contagious atmosphere. At least for the first few hours. Finally, ears ringing and bracing a huge headache, she started stumbling home. And then, she saw him. That boy again. He wasn't cheering. He wasn't smiling. He was inching, in the way of someone up to something, around a corner. She caught sight of some sort of white cloth clenched tightly in his fist as