Chapter One - In Other Words... George x Spencer Neffa; 2017 "It's not even been a month since I've last seen you lot and I swear you two've grown a half head taller than me." Spencer groaned with a fake scowl, glaring up at her best friends and favorite set of twins, who both wore identical grins. "Again." she added as an afterthought, with a remorseful sigh. It was the same every summer, of course, but as she'd long since stopped growing - height wise, at least - she always made a comment. She knew the twins appreciated the fact, anyway, so it wasn't much more than playful teasing. "Ah, don't worry pet." Fred said, ruffling Spencers hair as she set down the crate that held her pet cat, Bastet, releasing the Egyptian Mau from her confines so she could rub up affectionately against the twins and Spencer before trotting into the Burrow. "You'll always be prettier than Georgie and I." "Speak for yourself, mate." George scoffed, throwing him a grim look. "I'm sure Vexxie would agree that I'm the better looking twin. Right, Spence?" He glanced at her, eyebrow raised expectantly, and she snorted a laugh. "You're identical, idiot. I'm just about the only one who can tell you apart. And besides, I'm of the firm belief that Charlie is in fact, the most attractive Weasley. Not counting Ginny, of course. She's too much like my sister for me to even consider that." Spencer paused then, thinking. "I admit though, she'll be a hit with the boys in a year or two, and probably more than a few girls as well. Good luck with that one." Fred and George both scowled at the thought of their baby sister dating. Unthinkable, that was. Horrible. They'd have to beat the boys back with their Beater bats. "If anyone could get Charlie to leave his precious dragons, it'd be you, I'd bet." George said with a grin, looking her over, while Fred still looked a bit offended by her comment. "Well yeah, especially since you seem to have gone up a cup size or two since we last saw you." Fred laughed at her reaction, which was essentially just a glare followed by a glance at her chest, then a shrug. "Oi," she began, whacking him on the arm. "I swear if I catch you rifling through my underthings again, you won't be having children. Either of you." Spencer switched her glare to George. "Godric knows the world doesn't need you two procreating." "And here we'd thought you'd finally learned to like us!" George sighed dramatically, raising a hand to his brow in mock disbelief. "Yeah Spence! You're ruining George's lifelong dream of marrying you under the sunset in Brazil!" "My life goal?" George squawked indignantly. "That was your idea!" "Yeah, for you!" Fred laughed, ducking to avoid another smack, this time from his twin. "You're the one who-" But George cut him off before he could finish, covering his twins mouth with his hand while Spencer just laughed. "What, I don't get a say in this, then? And why Brazil, of all places?" She said, though grinning. "It has the word bra in it." Fred said with a slight shrug. "I see. Well I guess George is the better option then. If only slightly." "What's that supposed to mean?!" Both twins exclaimed, gaping at her. Giggling and ignoring their demands for an answer, she just shook her head and went to retrieve her trunk from where she'd left it beside the door, then headed inside, Fred and George grumbling and trailing after her. "Spencer!" Ginny all but shouted, leaping up from her seat at the table and running to practically tackle the older girl in a hug. Even being three years younger, she was nearly taller than Spencer was now, the blonde girl being so damned short. Being short did have it's benefits, of course, like being able to out fly everyone but Harry with his Firebolt, or being much better at fitting into small hiding spaces than the twins when they'd been sneaking around Hogwarts in the middle of the night - a very common occurrence for the trio. Then again, being 5'1" also meant being very easily lost in large crowds, as well as having the unfortunate need to have to sit on George's shoulders in order to see over the heads of everyone past the age of 12. "You're coming with us to the cup then, yeah?" "Course I am, Gin! Wouldn't miss it for the world." Spencer said with a chuckle, then added in an undertone, "Even if I am stuck with these two dunderheads." Ginny was laughing when Mrs. Weasley poked her head out of the kitchen, likely wondering what all the commotion was. "Oh! Hello, Spencer dear! Leave your things by the stairs, I'll have Bill and Charlie bring them up for you in a bit. How's your summer been?" "Hello Molly! Bill and Charlie are here already?" Spencer beamed, shooting a look at Fred and George that involved much eyebrow wiggling, and they both rolled their eyes. "It's been lovely, thanks. Mum and I had a visit to Dublin to see family. They certainly know how to party, despite my granddad being in a wheelchair. I swear, that man is smaller than me but can drink about six times as much, though I suppose that's the Irish for you. We'll see them at the Cup, I expect. Gran wouldn't miss it for anything. I'm pretty sure she's got a little crush on one of the Chasers, the way she carries on." Spencer said, shaking her head while Molly and Ginny both laughed. "She'll be 81 in a month, you'd think old age would at least slow her down a bit, but she insists that she can take me down with a Bludger - probably could, if I let her, actually. Anyway she sent along enough Irish Pride scarves for the lot of us, plus Harry and Hermione, when they arrive." "Oh, excellent! That'll cut out a good chunk of time for me, then. I'll be sure to send her a note. Yes, Alice always was rather energetic. When Bill was born, she came strutting in without a care, knocked over a few Healers in her excitement." Molly chuckled. "And how's your mum? Sitting with them at the Cup, I'm sure?" "With them, yeah. I'm certain we'll see them, though. Great Uncle Willis talked about dying himself completely green for the event. Mum'll love that, I'd guess. But yeah, she's doing well, thanks. Told me she'd send along some cooking a day or two. Oh, and she asked if you'd send her a letter on how Bill and Charlie are doing, if you wouldn't mind. She's been fretting about their safety again, offering to send them protective Dragonskin gloves as such, though I assured her they have plenty." "I'll be sure to do that, dear. I appreciate the update. Arthur left for work about an hour ago, as did Percy - did the twins tell you he's gotten a job at the Ministry?" Molly beamed in pride, shooting a glare to the twins, who were both making gagging and retching sounds, much to Ginny's amusement. "Anyway, the rest are out back, you four can go on out, unless you'd like something to eat. If not, I'm sure they'll be begging for a match soon. Everyone always talks about what a great Chaser you are. It's lovely to have you, as always, dear. We can catch up more later." "I've had breakfast, but thank you nonetheless, Molly. I think I'll go on out, haven't seen Bill in ages." Spencer said, and Molly waved them off, returning to her kitchen with a smile. Then, Spencer returned her gaze to the twins. "You didn't tell me about Percy." "Consider yourself lucky, then. You'll be hearing all about it when he gets home." Ginny said with a grimace, turning to head outside. "That bad?" Spencer asked delicately, to which George just shook his head. "Worse." "I figured." She sighed. She'd known the Weasley's her entire life, including Percy, and he was indeed a miserable git. She didn't mind him, of course, but when the twins took it upon themselves to prank the daylights out of him, she was never all that far behind. Spencer, despite being one third of the Terror Trio, as they'd been so lovingly named, was heavily considered to be a brilliant witch, one that even Severus Snape himself couldn't bring himself to loathe. Though she hadn't gotten her O.W.L. results back yet, she was certain she'd gotten very good marks. Especially considering she was one of only four students in her year that had properly brewed a Draught of Desperation during the final exam. Two of the others were both Ravenclaws, and she, a Gryffindor, was especially pleased at Snape's reaction to her perfect potion. The last was Lee Jordan, who had begun his panicking about a month before exams, as he wanted to be a Healer after Hogwarts. Of course, she had to go onto N.E.W.T. potions, as neither Fred nor George would be able to (nor were they really all that willing, to be fair), and they would need her for the shop, once it got started. "Oi!" A voice bellowed the moment Spencer had stepped outside, momentarily blinded by the bright sunlight before being tackled in a massive bear hug by none other than Charlie Weasley, followed shortly by his elder brother, Bill, who dog piled the poor shrieking girl. Grinning at one another, Fred and George joined in immediately, jumping onto the pile of redheads as Spencer tried not to be smothered. "Where the hell have you been, then?" Charlie demanded, though all Spencer could really do was splutter in surprise at being fucking tackled. "Hello to you too, then. I'm sure I haven't broken anything major from being bloody tackled, thanks for asking." Spencer said with a groan, rubbing her elbow lightly. Charlie laughed and climbed off, helping her up in the process. "And I've been in Ireland since end of term, visiting my slightly batty relatives. Mum sends her love, of course." "What's going on over- oh, erm, hullo Spencer." Ron greeted, approaching with caution, likely from seeing his brothers jumping on her in their excitement, though probably also to avoid her seeing the darkening blush that took over his features. "Ickle Ronniekins! You've gotten taller too!" Spencer grinned at him, and he grimaced at the name. "You haven't." He pointed out, which led the tiny blonde girl to drop her grin and pout at him. He just laughed. "It's good to see you. Gonna join in for a game?" "Course I am. You'll have to double as Keeper for both teams, though." "As always. That's fine, just go grab your broom." He nodded to her, then picked up his own broom from where it sat, propped against a tree nearby. "Righto! The usual teams then?" Spencer grinned, facing the five Weasley's that remained. They didn't usually bother to play with a Seeker unless Harry was there, as Charlie was just as good as a Chaser as he had been a Seeker. It usually ended up with George as Beater, Spencer and Bill as Chasers on one team, and Fred as the opposing Beater, Charlie and Ginny as that teams Chasers. They all nodded, letting Spencer run off to grab her broomstick from the house, where she'd set it beside her trunk. As soon as she returned, they all set off, speeding on their various broomsticks - the twins both on thier Cleansweep Fives and Spencer with her lovely Heiro Two, a relatively new brand that stood out due to their almost white color, a gift from her Great Uncle on her 16th birthday - to their makeshift Quidditch Pitch down the hill. It was almost perfectly in between her own home and the Burrow, as she'd grown up