This is a continuation fic of a story of the same name by The Santi. The first chapter was written by him and edited by me James Potter was not scared. Of that, he was certain. James Potter did not get scared. He was Head Boy and the captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. When he walked into the Great Hall, people moved to make room for him. The guys in Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, and Hufflepuff idolized him while the girls wanted to have their deliciously wicked way with him. The only people to dislike him were the Slytherins and after his record 124 straight days of pranking their house, his name was now spoken with fear in the Slytherin common room. No, James Potter didn't fear anything…well, almost anything. The wrath of an enraged Lily Evans certainly scared him, which was why he was sneaking out of their combined Head Suit, two hours past curfew, hidden safely under his invisibility cloak. Merlin, he loved his cloak! It had gotten him and his friends out of a tight spot several times over the last seven years. To think that tonight would be the last time he would ever use the cloak to break a rule at Hogwarts... The thought brought a tear to his eye. Was it really seven years ago that a much smaller version of himself and Sirius Black hid beneath the cloak and played their very first prank - hitting that ugly git Snivellus with dung bombs on the first day of class. James was so caught up in his reminiscing that he didn't notice a very brief light blue flash of magic from an activating perimeter ward. He absolutely didn't notice an angry and flustered looking Lily Evans appear out of their shared bedroom, her eyes scanning the room like a hawk. And he positively didn't notice that he had forgotten to apply a silencing charm to his feet, and that his footsteps on the wood floor of the Head Suit was making quite a bit of noise. As oblivious as James was to all of these things, he couldn't help but hear his girlfriend's angry voice cry out, "Homenum Revelio!" James couldn't see it, but he knew that Lily's spell had revealed his presence under the cloak. For the millionth time, James cursed Sirius Black for trying to peak on Alice Davenport in the shower after a Quidditch match during their 4th year. The steam from the shower caused her to see a faint outline of Sirius under the cloak, and she had of course tried to summon it to find out who the pervert was. Luckily the Potter family invisibility cloak was resistant to all sorts of magic. Unfortunately, Alice had gone running to Lily telling her about a pervert in an invisibility cloak with an anti-summoning spell on it. Lily immediately went into research mode and found a spell that would detect any wizard's or witch's presence inside a room and would reveal their location by showing their auras. "James Andrew Potter, just where do you think you are going!" Lily demanded. James tossed back the hood of the cloak and gave Lily his best award-winning James Potter smile. "Lily, you're up! I was just a little hungry, thought I'd go to the kitchen one last time, you know, say goodbye to the House Elves. They have been so good to me over the years." Lily eyed him for a good minute without saying a word. Every moment of her silence was making James more and more nervous. Just as he was about to ask if she wanted anything, she quickly waved her wand and a blue light shot out of the tip, heading straight for him! Closing his eyes, he waited for whatever curse she had unleashed upon him to take effect. When he didn't feel any sort of forced transfiguration or curse, he slowly opened his eyes and patted his body in all the important places to make sure nothing was missing. He loved Lily, but the girl had a temper. That and her knowledge of curses, specifically those that would be unpleasant for the male part of the species, combined with her amazing control of silent magic, made her truly frightening when mad. "And are Sirius, Remus, and Peter going to be joining you on your trek to the kitchens tonight?" Lily questioned. So relieved that his hopefully soon-to-be fiancé hadn't just cursed him, James said, "No, of course not. They've probably been asleep for hours." Lily pursed her lips in an excellent imitation of Minerva McGonagall and hissed, "Then why are they waiting for you outside the entrance to our room?" James whipped his head around so fast that he could have given himself whiplash. He groaned as he realized the intent behind his all too brilliant and beautiful girlfriend's spell. She had made the door that separated the Gryffindor Head Suit and the rest of the common room transparent. Standing not five feet away from him on the other side of the door, were the rest of the Marauders, looking impatient and nervous. "Explain," Lily demanded in a no nonsense voice. "Well…Lily, dear, you have to understand that this is our last night at Hogwarts. Our NEWTs are finished and we graduate tomorrow. We just wanted to go have one last good time to remember the old castle by," James said, hoping that she wouldn't pry too much. "So essentially you plan on getting drunk and chasing Sirius in his Animagus form all over the castle...again. I don't think so, Potter," Lily said. "Lily, I promise no chasing Sirius around the castle. We learned our lesson after Sirius was molested by those pixies," James argued. Lily just rubbed her head, trying to fight off the headache she knew would be coming if she continued this conversation. "Alright, fine. Go." "What?" James said in astonishment. "I said, go. I'm giving our commencement address in," she checked her watch, "a little over thirteen hours, and I need my sleep. You, Sirius, Remus, and Peter can go do whatever you want, but Merlin help you if you don't make it to graduation tomorrow," Lily said. "You mean it?" James asked, absolutely shocked that Lily was actually letting him go out on the eve of graduation to get hammered with his mates. Lily just gave him a sexy smile before walking back to her room. James was about to open the door to great Sirius, Remus, and Peter when Lily called out, "Oh, James?" "Yes," James said, slightly nervous that she had changed her mind and he was going to get a good hexing. "I will be way too busy to brew a hangover potion for you tomorrow, so don't ask for one," she said before closing her door, a vindictive smirk on her face. "Damn," James swore as he walked out of the Head Suit. "Prongs! About time, I was just telling Moony here how Lily probably caught and castrated you," Sirius said joyously. "Well, you were half-right," James said. "Merciful Merlin, Lily castrated you! Prongs, I'm so sorry. Can't say I'm all that surprised though, it was bound to happen eventually. I suppose it's time I stepped up and took my rightful place with her," Sirius said as he made to move passed his best mate and enter the Head Suit. "Unless you want to be the one who gets castrated, Padfoot, you'll not take another step towards that door," James threatened. "Poor Prongs, getting his balls cut off must have made him emotional," Remus said dejectedly. "'Tis a sad day when a member of the Marauders is cut down in such a manner," Peter said. "I believe James' problem is that certain things have been cut off , my dear Wormtail, not cut down ," Sirius smirked. "Alright, if you keep talking about my balls, Padfoot, I'm going to think you want to see them or something. It's been a while since you've been laid, hasn't it; you're not…batting for the other team now, are you?" James asked. Sirius' smirk vanished. He growled in anger before turning into Padfoot and lunging straight between James' legs, his mouth open and ready to bite. James wasn't recruited by England to play Chaser for nothing, though, and he easily side-stepped Padfoot's attack, causing the dog to hit the door to the Head Suit head first. Padfoot let out a whimper before turning back into Sirius Black. "Owww," Sirius moaned, rubbing his forehead. "And what lesson did we just learn, Padfoot?" Remus asked mockingly. "Ugh, door is harder than head?" Sirius asked. "Five points to Gryffindor," Peter exclaimed. "Enough! Let's go before Lily comes down here, yells at us, and changes her mind about letting me go," James said quickly. "Letting you go? Dear lord, Prongs, how whipped are you?" Sirius asked, horror evident in his voice. "Watch yourself, Padfoot, I do know where Professor Kettleburn keeps the Pixies," James threatened. Sirius shivered uncontrollably at the memory and his face paled. "Such tiny hands," he muttered, his voice shaking. "Who has the map?" Remus asked. "I do," Peter said proudly, "I solemnly swear that I'm up to no good." The four Marauders gathered around their greatest creation and made sure the coast was clear before opening the portrait of the fat lady. "And just where are you four going at this hour?" the fat lady demanded. "Why, my dear Violet, we are graduating tomorrow and will be spending the evening saying goodbye to Hogwarts," Remus said. "For Hogwarts has indeed given so much to us," Peter quipped. "And we have taken so much more," James and Sirius chorused together. "You four are going to be graduating? It's about bloody time! Waking me up at ridiculous hours of the night, whenever you feel like it. I'll rest easy knowing I never have to lay eyes on you four ever again!" the Fat Lady exclaimed. "Violet, you wound us," James cried out in faux-horror. "Stop calling me Violet, you insolent twerp. My name is Lady Valencia Marguerite de Flanders! Not Violet!" the Fat Lady screamed at the retreating backs of the Marauders. The four Marauders left the Castle with well-practiced ease. After seven years, they had memorized every nook and cranny of the ancient castle. They checked the map solely for the purpose of avoiding the caretaker, the bastard's new kitten Ms. Norris, and their favorite kitty, Professor McGonagall. "Dissendium," James said, tapping his wand against the statue of the one-eyed witch, causing the hump on the statue to open, revealing the hidden passageway. "What do you think we should get Minnie for a graduation gift?" Sirius asked during their long walk towards Hogsmeade. "Why would you give Professor McGonagall a gift? We're the ones who are graduating," Peter said incredulously. "Yeah, Padfoot. I think our being able to graduate should be enough of a gift for our illustrious Head of house," Remus said. "You know, I'm positive I'm going to regret saying this later, but I think Padfoot has a good idea," James said as he dodged his friend's half-serious punch, "We've most likely put more gray hairs on Minnie's head in our time here than anyone else. So I think an appropriate graduation gift would be a fine idea." "Ah, but what do you get for the woman who can transfigure anything?" Remus mused. "Something she wouldn't ever give herself and something no one else would dare give her, of course," James said happily. "Err, James, you're not talking about giving McGonagall an orgasm, are you? Because my name might be Sirius, but I'm seriously not into that," Sirius said. James took out his wand and let loose a barrage of non-verbal stinging hexes causing Sirius to hide behind Peter, who let out a yelp of pain as several of the hexes hit his body. "Damn it, Sirius, come out from behind Peter, you know you're not allowed to make anymore Sirius/serious jokes. We