Lovingthe Steward A/N: Much thanks to Iris for her help. This was written for the Faramir Fanfic Archive's Midwinter Swap for Anorienbean's reqiuest. The request: Faramir/Haldir, Faramir/Boromir, Faramir/Aragorn, Faramir/Elf, fluffy, with either of them being a virgin. I'd love a happy ending too :) It was a lovely day, I suppose, but it's difficult to notice these things when you're not in a good mood. And I certainly wasn't in a good mood. I was tired, having had no sleep all the last night, thanks to my fool brother and that idiot archer from Mirkwood. I am after all only a half-elf and we do need our rest unlike the archer and his kin. My brother knows that, of course but he forgets these things. And ever since he and that idiot archer got together, well, let's just say the citadel in Minas Tirith gets to see newer and newer sights! Especially now since Merry and Pippin added themselves to the fray. The four of them take merrymaking to new heights, sometimes quite literally. We were waiting for Estel's Steward to join us. He had requested that he come along with us on this short journey; something about wishing to inspect the buildings by the river, I believe. I'm not sure. He mumbles so softly when he speaks. He was late now and I was not pleased. It had taken me a while to get rid of twenty frogs from my bed, and we had risen early. The horses are standing ready to leave. A very small party accompanies us. We will ride across the river, inspect some of the land there and return the next day. Elrohir and the idiot are laughing. I let them laugh, for now. That I can deal with later. For now, the errant steward needs to be dealt with. I know I am frowning a little because I see my brother's new found idiot friend staring at me. I do not feel I am wrong in frowning. Estel's Steward is not so errant with Estel. On the contrary he is usually dogging his footsteps with reports that he keeps ready much before Estel expects. It scares my little brother when that happens, for he never seems to have planned for the amount of work he has in a day. It is entirely his fault. Ada taught him administrative aspects as well; Estel didn't bother to learn. He asks instead now, that Elrohir and I stay back here and help him. We have not assured him as yet that we will. It is not that we cannot. Grandfather Celeborn intends to move to Rivendell, and Ada shall leave for the West soon. We will have little to do there. But it would be just too easy to agree! Our unpunctual companion runs down the steps right then. His collar is askew, and the bindings on his tunic are unravelling, and his hair is flying. "Forgive me for the delay," he gasps, as he runs down the last few steps. I notice that his tunic is falling open, exposing his chest, the fading tan barely covering the scars left by his wartime injuries. He does not wear a vest under his tunic, I realise. That is stupid. We ride long today and intend to camp overnight by the river. He will feel the cold. I open my mouth to let him know it is all right. I have learnt from watching Arwen that graciousness if displayed when not expected can be a useful weapon, and Faramir is after all not often know for such delays. "Elladan is annoyed," Legolas interrupts in that unnecessarily sweet tone of his, the one that makes me want to hit him. Faramir gives me a worried gaze and I notice that his grey eyes look much larger, as his features contort into a strangely desperate look. I find I feel like hitting Legolas very hard, and I find it is not because he has interrupted me. "Forgive me," Faramir says again, softly, and dips his head, reaching quietly for the reins of the horse the groom hands over to him. I feel like a fool when I notice the fresh stains of ink on his fingers. He'd had some reports to prepare for Estel, he'd said last night. His rooms are near mine, I remember now, and my frog driving expedition of the previous night would have disturbed his work as much as it disturbed my sleep. He works late into the night often, I have noticed. "It is all right, Faramir," I say politely, "Legolas is merely teasing you. I am not annoyed. We know you would not have delayed without good reason." "That is very kind of you, my lord," he stutters. The others have mounted their horses, and I wave to Elrohir telling him to lead us out, "Faramir and I will take the rear," I state. Elrohir looks as though he is about to protest my assuming command of this small party but then says nothing. Faramir is fumbling with the bindings of his tunic when I walk my horse over. I watch him for a moment, and then reach over and nudge his fingers away gently, "Let me help," I tell him. He stares at me in surprise but lets me help. I have to undo the tangled bindings first, I realise. The flaps fall open, revealing a slender but firm chest. He is a fine looking young man; it is a pity he shuts himself up all day in his work. I retie the bindings and then smooth his tunic over his upper body. He looks slightly flushed and I realise he is not used to intimacy in his dealings with others. He should get used to it. We mount our horses and set off behind the others. "Were you working on Estel's reports?" I ask him, after a while. We are trotting along at a brisk pace. He nods slowly, "Elessar needed them for his council today." We ride along the rest of the way mostly in silence, barring a few occasions where I ask Faramir about some land feature or plants. He answers readily, and with interest. I have been curious to hear more from him. He is after all Estel's Steward. We see him only at meals, where he speaks little. Estel says he did not speak much initially at the councils either, but is opening up a little more now. Some of the older members understandably have reservations about letting the younger ones like Faramir volunteer opinions. What I hear from him now though, I find I like. He is young, yes, but no fool. We ride long and hard, and reach our destination well in time. It is still early in the evening when we are done with our task, and we decide to set up camp for the night. Faramir finds us a fine clearing near a stream, easy to secure. He knows the land well. It is not long before we have settled down by a warm fire, with some excellent lembas and a well aged Dorwinion. Legolas has his uses. I am feeling nicely drowsy by now, and find that if I lean against one of the rocks that surround our little nook, I get a fine view of the sun setting over the trees, and the birds flying over a marsh not far away. I am sleepy, and I realise happily that I will not have to worry about little animals in my bedclothes tonight. Elrohir and Legolas are laughingly whispering about something though, and that makes me wonder whether I should not watch out. Gimli smiles indulgently at them, and I grin as I remember how well the dwarf has learnt to seat himself on a horse by now. He is still uncomfortable but he manages fairly well. Faramir is sitting quietly, a little way away from the fire, his knees pulled up to his chest, hands wrapped around his legs. As I glance at him, he moves so that his cheek rests on his knees and his gaze is directed upon the grass. What I see of his expression now is at once unhappy and dulled. He is tired, I suppose. But I have little time to think about this as the loud noises ensue. I curse myself for not keeping a closer eye on the two idiots. The fire spits and hisses and soon the air is full of popping, crackling sounds as tiny fireballs whiz around - Gandalf's firecrackers, in the wrong hands. The sounds have startled everyone. Our other companions dart forward first, scared, very briefly, and then watch bemused, and then laugh delightedly as the firecrackers take on various shapes – flowers, birds, a frog. These are the smaller ones, I am glad to note. I smile too, for a after a while, once I was used to the loud sounds, I could appreciate the bright colours and beautiful shapes materialising in our little clearing. It is then that I notice young Faramir. He has moved further away, and is sitting huddled back against a tree. He is staring at the sight too, but with a look that mirrors none of the delight the others show. Instead, I realise that his face is pale in the firelight, his mouth hangs slightly open and he appears to be hugging himself tight as one would do if one wants to stop trembling. And then he closes his eyes and bends his face onto his knee. He sits like that until the firecrackers have subsided, and I watch him all through. Soon, the sounds have died out, replaced by light laughter and talk as Elrohir explains to Gimli how he got hold of the firecrackers. Faramir raises his head very slowly, and then stands up, shakily, using the tree to support himself. He is unsteady on his feet, and continues staring towards the fire. And then he moves away, walking slowly towards the stream. I stare at the fire too and remember the sight of the flames jumping high, caught by the swirling papers of the firecrackers, and the sound of flames cackling. I move swiftly after Faramir. Elrohir and Legolas mean well, I know but there are times I wish they would stop to think. Estel is loath to stop our resident pranksters, I know. He has developed a soft corner for the young hobbits, and after all they have gone through these last few months, and the way they have stood up to all they have faced, this bit of foolery and childishness is allowed to them. It is why I too am loath to say much to Elrohir or the idiot archer. It feels good to hear my brother laugh. And Legolas, well he's from Mirkwood after all. He looks his age now. Most of all though, it does good to see how the people in the citadel react. They were shocked initially, when these two used to run around the hallways yelling and shrieking as played that strange game the hobbits taught them. Strange indeed, for all one does is run around after people, aiming to touch them. Apparently no weapons are to be used. But a few days of this, and now there are smiles and pleasantness all round. Gandalf stalking up the roads dripping water all along the cobbles stones was enough to amuse the entire fifth street for an entire morning. Even Gimli, who is otherwise as sour as you could expect a dwarf to be in the presence of anything that does not glitter has been known to smile at the sight. I must admit the idiot archer has a nice laugh, and even the grim head cook has been known to smile more these days. Faramir, I think suddenly, should smile and laugh like that too. He is sitting by the stream, when I near him. "Are you all right?" I ask softly. "You