In most of the gods' opinions it was ridiculous. Closing Olympus? Just months after the Olympians swore on the River Styx to pay more attention to their children, Zeus severs all contact with them. He should have at least opened Olympus again after news came out that Gaea was stirring and that the Giants had been awakened, everyone knows that the only way that a Giant can be destroyed is if a god and demigod works together. Kidnapping the leaders of the Roman and Greek camps: Jason Grace and the Savior of Olympus, Percy Jackson respectively was another mistake. Each camp took it hard, the Greeks more than the Romans as they had lost more in the Titan war and were still recovering with Percy's help. Taking Percy put Camp Half-Blood back into a depression. The gods would not be surprised if their children never trusted them again and always remained bitter towards them. But they found loopholes and they watched, especially those immediately involved. Even Zeus cheated by sending a lightning bolt to help defeat the Giant Jason had been fighting. After Percy was done sleeping for 6 months, Poseidon watched his son as often as he could as he made his way through the Wolf House and to Camp Jupiter, proud that he was almost immediately accepted despite being a son of Neptune. Poseidon watched as his son defeated his bane: Polybotes and rose to the rank of praetor. The gods were amazed at the ingenuity the Greeks had. Building a giant warship to fly to the Roman camp and then to Rome? It was a big task, but somehow they were able to complete it. Aphrodite and many other gods were near tears when Percy and Annabeth were reunited. They had hated seeing how depressed Annabeth had been without her "Seaweed Brain" and Percy who only had a slight memory of her because of his Achilles Curse. All the gods were horrified when Leo accidently fired on New Rome because he was possessed. They all knew what this would mean: the Romans would use this as an excuse to go to war against the Greeks and so the seven had to get to Rome and fast so the Annabeth could recover Athena's Parthenos. Anticipation was in the air, many people on Olympus were either watching three things: the potential battle between the Roman and the Greeks, the fight between the Giants against Percy and Jason, or Annabeth retrieving Athena's Parthenos. Nobody really had any doubts that Annabeth could do that, she was Athena's favored daughter, one of the cleverest young women you could meet. Percy and Jason finished their fight against the Giants with Bacchus' help and made their way towards Annabeth, who was, to their assumption, using flattery bring Arachne down. Athena sat on her throne as she watched her wisest daughter retrieve the Athena's Parthenos. She couldn't have been prouder, she felt a bit sad that she had even given the coin to Annabeth, but now she knew that it had been the best idea. She looked back at the image of her daughter and that wretched Arachne. "Treachery!" Arachne thrashed. Annabeth had used her laptop to great advantage and had that spider weave her own trap. Brilliant. A plan worthy of Athena. "It was a matter of survival," Annabeth replied. "You were going to kill me either way, whether I help you or not, yes?" "Well, of course! You're a child of Athena." Arachne stopped thrashing. "I mean…no, of course not! I respect my promises." "That's extremely convincing," Athena muttered under her breath. Chinese Handcuffs, she wondered how Annabeth came up with the idea for that. It's simple, yet effective. Athena listened to the rest of the conversation that Annabeth had with Arachne and didn't notice as all the other Olympians flashed into the Throne room because she was so absorbed in watching her daughter. She gasped with Annabeth when Arachne set her "children" on Annabeth, knowing Annabeth must be terrified, plus Arachne said that underneath her was an entrance to Tartarus. Athena shivered at the thought of her daughter falling in there. She stopped watching when she saw Percy holding out a hand for her, she may not completely agree with their relationship, but she knew that he was entirely loyal to Annabeth and would always do his best to keep her safe. Athena looked up and saw the rest of the Olympians besides Dionysus, Apollo, and Zeus. They were all looking at her before Hestia spoke up, "You must be proud of Annabeth, Athena." She gave her aunt a small smile, "I am indeed." There was a flash and Athena saw that Dionysus had just flashed in, many knew that his Roman form had been the god to help defeat the Giants that Jason and Percy fought so they didn't say anything about his tardiness. Zeus flashed in with his usual grandeur, then looked around but noticed Apollo wasn't in his seat, just when he was about to say something Apollo did flash in but interrupted his father, "Before you say anything, you need to open a one-way Iris message of Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase. Hurry!" Everyone looked confused. To their knowledge, everything had gone fine with the seven's missions but they did what they were told. Zeus called for a one-way, and Annabeth Chase and Percy Jackson on Argo II, what they saw confused them. The seven and Nico di Angelo were on the Argo II with Annabeth speaking, " So the mortal side is Epirus. At least that's somewhere we can reach." Nico grimaced, "But the other side is the problem. Tartarus." All the gods shared worried expressions, especially the parents of the seven, who would have to stay behind to close the doors? Suddenly Athena Parthenos became unsteady and the support cables started snapping, all the gods said, "No!" "Secure it!" Hephaestus said. "Hold it down!" Athena yelled. Frank formed into a giant eagle, while Jason used his wind powers to shoot into the air. Half of the seven were throwing ropes around the statue in an effort to secure it when suddenly they looked and saw that the spider silk attached to Annabeth was pulling her backwards until she fell. "Annabeth!" Athena yelled, while everyone else looked worried. The daughter of Athena had grown on them and no one deserved Tartarus. "Percy get her away from there," Poseidon said. "Her ankle!" Hazel yelled. "Cut it! Cut it!" "Cut off her ankle?" Hermes asked with a tilt of his head. Annabeth kept being dragged towards the edge of the pit, when suddenly Percy lunged for her, it carried him along as well. "Good, now pull her back Perseus," Athena said as if he could hear her, with everyone else. The gods saw Nico hobbling towards the pair, but he didn't look like he was in any condition to help the two. "Brother, I'm sorry," Hades tried to console his brother. "Your son looks injured, I doubt he could have done much," Poseidon said. Most of the seven was still focused on the statue while it was just Hazel and Nico who were aware of Annabeth and Percy's situation. The gods could see that Annabeth. Annabeth Chase. A hero of Olympus was crying, she was scared for what was possibly to come. They had never seen her cry. Annabeth his the edge of the pit, her legs went over the side when she heard Percy say, "No…my sword," but it was useless. Percy couldn't reach without letting go of Annabeth's arm. All the women in the Throne Room were close crying and some of the men looked close to it as well. She slipped over the edge and Percy fell with her. Athena closed her eyes, she had expected that to be it. For her daughter to have just fallen but it wasn't the end. Percy had managed to grab a ledge fifteen feet below the top of the chasm with one hand and the other hand was holding Annabeth. "Gods he must have exceeding determination," Hermes said. Everyone looked at him. "Her must be exhausted after that fight and now he's holding up his own weight along with his girlfriend's." He just received nods in return. "Percy, let me go. You can't pull me up," Annabeth said. "He won't do it," Poseidon said. "He exceedingly loyal towards Annabeth." Nobody contradicted him, because they knew he was right…personal loyalty indeed. "Never," he said while looking at Annabeth and then looked at Nico. "The other side, Nico! We'll see you there. Understand?" Nico's eyes widened, "But—" "Lead them there," Percy shouted. "Promise me!" Nico looked like he was going to cry, "I-I will." Most of the room wasn't even trying to cover their tears now, they knew what was to happen. Poseidon and Athena were the worst, their favorite children were to travel through Tartarus and only one would make it out. "We're staying together," Percy promised. "You're not getting away from me. Not again." Everyone glared at Hera, knowing that Percy was referring to his kidnapping and placement in the Roman camp. "As long as we're together," Annabeth replied. Aphrodite gave a loud sob at this. Percabeth was the greatest love story ever, she was just sad that her OTP was possibly falling apart by something as vile as Tartarus. Percy let go of the ledge and together, holding hands. Annabeth and Percy fell into Tartarus. The connection of the Iris message faded and everyone was silent for a minute besides the sobs coming from various people. Most of the Throne Room was shocked and many were crying, especially Poseidon and Athena. Ares may not have liked the punk and his girlfriend, but even he knew that no one deserved to fall into the deepest parts of the Underworld. Artemis was upset. She neither hated or liked Percy Jackson, but she respected him and she liked Annabeth for she was a maiden. She had respected Percy ever since he was willing to jump off a cliff to save his female best friend and that respect grew when he held the sky in her place. Apollo wasn't as sunny as usual. Percy was one of his favorite half-bloods, he barely knew Annabeth other than the fact that she was the Architect of Olympus. Percy just had a way of lightening the mood without even visibly trying. Not only that Percy had saved his sister and that, that was something that put the half-blood in his good books. Usually it seemed that the larger feats do that, but this time, this small feat did so. Aphrodite was depressed but saying awwww on the inside. Percabeth had to be the greatest couple that had ever lived. Percy had fallen into Tartarus just to be with her. She didn't know any other person that would do that or anyone else that had done something similar. She would say it was romantic and in a way it was, but it was tragic, she dearly hoped that they would make it out. Demeter didn't know the two half-bloods well, besides Percy being a bit of an upstart and quite rebellious (he got that from his father, she's sure) I mean he threw a gem at Hades before the Battle of Manhattan, oh that had made her day! When she was able to speak with her kids after the battle and awards were given and they all told me what they thought of their leader. He was loyal, kind, he knew how to make them laugh in the darkest of situations, and he ate cereal every once and awhile. He seemed like a good kid. Hades didn't really know what to think. This was his nephew and his girlfriend that were falling into Tartarus and he knew that his brother had loved his son more than any others that had come along. Hades himself didn't really like the kid, but respected him because he was friends