I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or Heroes of Olympus Unlike most gods, Poseidon cared for every child he sired, especially his demigod children since they lived such short lives. He hadn't had one in 50 years because of the Big Three Pact, where each of his brothers and he swore of the River Styx not to sire any more children. But then he met Sally Jackson. The clear sighted mortal grabbed his attention without even trying. He did not know whether it was her wit, kindness, or her rebellious nature that made him fall in love with her, but in the end he fell for her, fell so hard that he broke the Big Three Pact and sired a demigod child. The Sea God was elated but at the same time scared. He knew that the life of a hero was not an easy one and Perseus' was going to be even more difficult due to his being the son of a Big Three and the Great Prophecy hanging over his head. All in all though, he was sorry for breaking the oath, but he did not regret his son. Through the years of Percy's life, Poseidon watched. He hated the Ancient Laws that forbid him from interacting with their children. For some reason he had a feeling that it would bite them in the butt one day. He watched as he struggled with ADHD and dyslexia, getting kicked out of every school he went to, and 'Smelly Gabe'. Poseidon gave a bitter laugh. If Sally hadn't married that pig, Percy probably would have had to go to Camp Half-Blood years earlier. He regretted that Sally put up with that man just for the sake of safety for their son. Finally Percy was 12 and Poseidon watched his son take down the Minotaur with its own horn, but losing his mother in the process and if he heard correctly in the car, a Fury as well. He arrived at Camp Half-Blood and his fellow campers gave him brief explanations. It made him angry that no one was trying to help his son acclimate into this new world. During the week Percy had shown some abilities that could point towards him being a son of Poseidon, but it was during the Capture the Flag game that everyone knew. A Hellhound attack and nearly killed Percy, when he landed in the water and the cuts healed, Poseidon knew that he had to claim Percy then, it was way too obvious on whose son he was. Before he could have passed for a minor water deity, but healing in water was a rare trait plus his strong scent. Through Poseidon's looking glass he saw Percy still sitting in the water looking up at the hologram trident. "It is determined," Chiron said. "My father?" Percy asked. All around Percy, the campers kneeled to him as Chiron said, "All hail, Perseus Jackson son of Poseidon, Sea God, Earth Shaker, Father of Horses, Storm Bringer!" Poseidon sighed angrily The dramatics aren't going to help Percy, Chiron! He's going to feel like a freak now! The Sea God looked at his son and just as he thought, his son was as pale as Hades and seemed frozen. Poseidon stepped away from the looking glass angrily. He already knew that the campers would give him a hard time and while it hurt to see his son in pain there wasn't much he could do about it. Finally he swiped the image of his son from the looking glass. Poseidon took in his surroundings as he made his way towards his bedroom. Even though the work day was over there were still plenty of his citizens out, preparing for the possible war against Zeus. Poseidon shook his head, how could his little brother ever think that he'd steal his Master Bolt? The Earth Shaker was perfectly fine with his Trident, thank you very much, and ruling the seas. Finally he reached his bedroom, only to find his wife and heir waiting for him. Mentally he groaned. Poseidon knew he should have expected this, but he really wasn't in the mood for a confrontation at the moment. Amphitrite just decided to be blunt about it, "So, you've sired a demigod?" Her face was emotionless, so he wasn't sure how to go about this, "Yes, his name is Perseus. Perseus Jackson, but he goes by Percy." "You named him after a child of Zeus?" Triton said, making a face. Poseidon rolled his eyes, "His mortal mother named him, I didn't get a say. She said that 'Perseus' was the only hero to have a happy ending and so she hoped some of the original Perseus' luck would rub off on our child." "I thought your siring heroes would be over after the Pact," Amphitrite said, she looked genuinely sad and Triton looked disappointed. "Do you remember that fight we had in the mid-90s and then after how our relationship got better?" Amphitrite nodded, wondering where this was going. "That was because of Sally, Perseus' mother," Both Amphitrite and Triton gave him a confused look. "She can see through the Mist, so when I came out of the sea at Montauk beach, Sally knew I was different." Amphitrite and Triton looked like they were softening slightly so he continued. "Sally let me vent about my problems and when I did she wasn't afraid to give advice, she became my mortal best friend. After a few months I told her that I couldn't stay on the surface much longer because of the Ancient Laws and she recognized that, it was then that she told me her greatest wish was to have a child." Amphitrite and Triton's eyes widened. "I know I've never been the most faithful of husbands and there was the Pact, but Sally had been there for me so much, that I couldn't help but grant her the one thing she desired. Then on August 18, 1994, Perseus Jackson was born." Poseidon's wife and son were silent for a moment before Triton said, "I forgive you, Father. It seems that you wouldn't have broken the Pact unless you were helping a friend and I honor that." The two males in the room looked at Amphitrite, "May I meet his woman?" Poseidon smiled, "Not right now, it seems that Hades has kidnapped her." "What?!" Amphitrite and Triton yelled. "Why would he kidnap a mortal woman?" "I have a theory that not only was Zeus' Master Bolt stolen, but Hades' Helm as well," Poseidon said. Their eyes widened, "This is not good, that means both Zeus and Hades will want to march on Atlantis." Poseidon nodded grimly, "That's probably exactly what the thief wants and why Camp Half-Blood is setting a quest to retrieve the Master Bolt to be led by Percy." "But he's only been there a week!" Amphitrite said nervously. Poseidon wanted to smile, his wife already cared for her step-son. "Plus if he succeeds in the quest and meets you after, he might resent you," Triton added. "What do you mean?" Poseidon asked. He loved all his kids and didn't want them to think negatively about him. Triton sighed, "Think of it this way. Percy has never met you and then suddenly right after he's claimed he receives a quest. He's going to feel used." "But the Ancient Laws…" "Doesn't matter, he's grown up in the mortal world where most children have two parents and now suddenly he finds out he has another parent who is alive, but can't see him and is now sending him off on a quest that could kill him," Triton said. "Well, when you put it that way." "Go to him tomorrow night," Amphitrite urged. "If I'm correct it will be his first night in his new cabin, he'll probably be extremely overwhelmed." Triton nodded along with his mother, "I agree." Poseidon smiled at the two of them, "Thank you for hearing me out, I hope that someday you can meet." "I think I would like to teach him how to use his powers," Poseidon looked at his son, who shrugged. "You won't be able to, but I can disguise myself and teach him." "True," then he smiled at his wife and son. "Thank you for accepting Percy." "After what you told us, it isn't too hard," Triton told his father with Amphitrite nodding along. They all separated and went to sleep. It seemed that Poseidon was correct when he assumed that the campers of Camp Half-Blood would ostracize his only demigod son after he claimed him and the attack of the Hellhound. Most gave him a wide berth, the Athena cabin was outright glaring at him, and the campers from the Hermes cabin didn't want to share classes with him so he had to train one-on-one with the eldest son of Hermes, Luke. Percy didn't even bother going to the campfire that night. Finally when he saw that his son was trying to sleep, but his tears weren't letting him, Poseidon made his way to Cabin 3. He wasn't sure how to approach his son. He had only come to see his son before he was able to remember him and then watching him through the looking glass, so he did what he used to do when Percy was a babe. He vapour travelled right into the cabin. Percy didn't notice Poseidon until he put a hand on his shoulder and asked, "Why are you crying, son?" He let out a gasp and looked at the figure in front of him, he looked like an older version of himself, "You're my dad?" Percy started to wipe the tears from his face, feeling embarrassed that he was crying when he was first meeting his dad. His dad grabbed his wrists to stop him from wiping his tears, "There's no shame in crying, son." "My step-father," Percy said bitterly. "says only babies cry." Poseidon hummed, "I often forget that is how modern culture sees it, but what they forget is what happens after a person cries." "What?" Percy asked miserably. "It means that since the person has stopped crying they have overcome what has made them cry and are therefore strong if only by a little." The boy just nodded and then looked at his dad suspiciously and angrily, "What are you doing here?" Poseidon sighed and looked into the angry boy's eyes, "I came here to apologize and explain a few things." "Apologize?" The Sea God nodded, "I always wanted to come see you, for you to know that I was your dad, but that was impossible for multiple reasons. The first was that if you remembered me, your demigod scent you become more potent, so you'd attract more monsters and the second was that the Ancient Laws interfered." Percy looked confused, "I have a scent? What are the Ancient Laws?" "I see that I was right," Poseidon said to his son with a wry smile. "What do you mean?" Percy asked, hopeful that his dad would explain the things that the camp hadn't. "I have been watching you while you were here through my looking glass and whenever I looked, I would see you ask a question and you'd either get blown off or given incomplete answers. So that is part of the reason I came here," Poseidon said. Percy gave his dad a smile, "Thank you." "No problem, son. I could tell that you were overwhelmed with everything; being introduced into a world that you had formerly considered mythology, fighting a monster, seemingly losing your mother, being claimed by me, and now being ostracized by your fellow campers." Percy nodded with each and then froze, "What do you mean by 'seemingly losing your mother'?" "Sally isn't dead, just kidnapped by Hades," Poseidon said. "Why would he do that?" Percy asked wide-eyed. "I'll tell you at the end of the conversation, but right now we need to focus on how