Disclaimer: All things HP related belong to the remarkable JKR. Eros - erotic love Philia - affectionate, platonic love Storge - familiar love Ludus - playful love Mania - obsessive love Pragma - enduring love Agape - selfless love Philautia - love of one's self Prologue July 2023 Bang. Bang. Bang. Rose stirred to the sound of some very enthusiastic knocking on the door, groaning into the arm she had casually thrown over her face. "Rose? Are you okay?" Someone called. A female voice. Familiar, but not one she could place right this moment. There was a small shuffle and some muttering before she heard another voice. "Rosie, it's me Al, is everything alright?" He paused. "If you don't reply in 10 seconds I'm going to Allohamora this lock." Ugh. She swung her arm away from her eyes. What the hell was their problem? Why couldn't they just let her sleep in peace? And why wouldn't she be alright? It was just then that she pushed herself up in irritation and registered the hard cold surface she rested her palm on, a marble floor. Her pillow was not so much a pillow but a towel, and she was still fully dressed in her emerald green chiffon dress. Fuck. She flinched as she looked around the bathroom and took in the smell of stale alcohol and vomit…that seemed to be emanating from the toilet. No need to look in there and find out what happened. "Okay, we're coming in!" Albus shouted, just before muttering an 'allohomora' and pushing the door open. She felt even more pathetic when she saw the three people on the other side of the door, their faces plastered with pity and sadness and confusion. Swimming in a slight blur. Her friend Lizzie dropped to her knees beside Rose and brushed aside some stray strands pressed into her clammy face. "That was really gutsy, Rose, what you did in there." Or just plain stupid. "Yeh, at least he knows how you feel now," Chris mumbled from above. Noting the rotten taste in her mouth, Rose looked skyward and thought how she got into this mess. It was supposed to be simple and carefree but something had gone wrong along the way and she blamed him, the liar. The liar, Scorpius Malfoy. - x X x - Chapter One - x X x - December 2022 Rose was having shitty Christmas. It started off as it always had: all her Weasley uncles and her Aunt Ginny with their spouses and many, many offspring packed into Grandma and Grandpa Weasley's house. There were so many of them they had to sleep on makeshift mattresses, on the floor, on tables – sometimes as many as six of them in a room. When they were younger, it had been fun for all the cousins to cram into the space, making blanket fortresses and playing games until the early hours of Christmas morning (much to the annoyance of all their parents down the hall) but now, several years later, the sleeping arrangements hadn't really changed. She still shared her mattress on the floor with Lily (who snored, by the way), and where she and James used to play kick at each other when they were younger he was now just outright kicking her, trying to steal her leg space with his long and lanky limbs. It wasn't so playful anymore. She had woken up quite late and in a foul mood – mainly due to the sleepless night but also, in part, because of her bruised legs and cricked neck – and gone down for Christmas Breakfast with the family only to find that there was very little left except for over-stewed mushrooms and mince-pies. The only thing that made her perk up was the sight of the morning post that the owls had dropped off, swathes of letters from their various friends that had been magically sorted into piles for each recipient in the house. Rose had liked that out of the 'little ones' (as Grandma Weasley still called all her cousins), she had the biggest pile. Literally towering over the rest. Rose took them all over to the table, beaming as she sat down with some of the morning stragglers: Uncle Harry, Hugo and James. Her uncle snorted into his tea when she began unfolding the letters over her plate. "I had no idea you teenagers had so much correspondence." "I think it's just Rose, Dad," James murmured sleepily. "What is it Rose? The whole year wants help with their holiday homework?" "Nah," her brother answered, before she even had the chance, "It's just gossip from all her friends – Leah, Amelia, Dahlia… or whatever." "It's not gossip , Hugo. I just have a lot friends and we like to discuss all manner of things," she explained. "Oh yeah?" James drawled, "Like what?" "Hair." Hugo mocked, entirely too pleased with himself and, most annoyingly, to the great amusement of James and Uncle Harry. Curse her brother for making her sound so vapid. Gossip? She was one of the top students in her year, a prefect, a regular contributor to the student newspaper and chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch team. There was every reason to believe these letters contained something important. She didn't even dignify her cousin and brother with anything more than eye-roll before she got back to her letter from Camelia about some of her housemates' post-Yule Ball antics in the broom cupboard. A few minutes later, she had been left alone and found herself skimming through another one of Amelia Heartfield's incomprehensible letters. She always went on for pages and pages, skipping from one topic to another that Rose hardly gave any notice to most of it. Except she caught the tail end of a sentence. 'Just ignore what they're saying about you…' It said. What were they saying about her? And who? She flipped the page back and forth, shuffled through the others for more detail. It was just like Amelia to drop such a vague statement and not elaborate on the pages that followed. She thought she could have ignored her. Maybe Amelia had got confused? It wasn't uncommon. But then she opened the next letter and it had opened with, 'Hope you're having a good holiday. Just wanted to write and see if you were alright?' As she'd gone further her heart started beating so hard she could feel the blood pulsing in her ear. Then she read the next letter. Then the next. '…don't worry about it…' 'I'm here if you want to talk…' '…it doesn't make you a slag… It wasn't even that bad!' 'He's such an arse!' '...I promise I didn't look at the photo but people said you look good.' The photo? Fuck. Emery Littlewood. What had he done? Merlin, she was so stupid. And he was such a fucking arsehole. In amongst those letters were unsigned ones by cowards who hid behind anonymity, single sentences like 'Looking good Weasley.' 'Wanna take a ride on my broomstick?' 'If you think Myrtle moans then wait 'til you spend a night with me.' Others were just lewd drawings, often very poor but enough to get the gist. Rose gathered up the letters, opened and unopened, tears building on her lower lids. She'd forgotten about it. The photo. It felt like ages ago but it was only a few months back when she and Emery Littlewood had been flirting a little, making out in some alcoves and on the Quidditch stands. She had quite liked him, being as charming as he was, nice-looking, a Gryffindor Quidditch player, and she really had thought he was interested in her. It had taken a little while to realise he was probably more interested in seeing what was up her skirt and she knew she wasn't ready for anything like that with him. Not the way he wanted it anyway. Perhaps it was naïve but she had kind of imagined a trip to Hogsmeade together and tea at Madame Pudifoot's first before they got onto the… romping. Was that the right word? Anyway, she had let him know that she would be taking her time and a week later he was on to some Ravenclaw who gave him what he wanted. Then he had got bored of her too. Rose was honestly so happy to have dodged that bullet that she'd totally forgotten about the advice she had taken from her friend, Camelia Davenport, before they broke up (if you could really call it a break up). Camelia had suggested that Rose take a photo – in the nude – and then slip it into Emery's books so he would find it unexpectedly. "It'll be a sexy little surprise," Camelia had said with an excited lilt, "And he'll know you're atleast thinking about it." Rose hadn't been comfortable with nude, or even topless but she'd done it in her underwear. Brand new, purchased-specially-for-the-occasion underwear with pale blue, shear material so he could just see her nipples and possibly tell that she was neatly shaven under her knickers. She hadn't wanted something too over-the-top, her aim was 'casual sexy' with her sitting on her bed, legs crooked and smiling. A few wisps of her hair fell from her messy bun and the motion of the picture had caught a slight jiggle of her breasts. She remembered being so pleased, after several attempts, to get the final shot. Now she cringed to think of it. Urgh. How many people had seen her like that? Shit. What was everyone going to say? She already had a lot of attention because she was Rose Granger-Weasley, daughter of Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger the war heroes, Harry Potter's sidekicks. Then she was a good student and deeply involved in all aspects of Hogwarts life… Her professors would be so disappointed. 'How could Rose Weasley do this?' They would ask. 'How could the daughter of Hermione Granger do this?' Oh shit. Her parents. Her dad still thought of her as his innocent little girl, he would probably tear his hair out! And her mother – the paragon of virtue and all things good, fighting for equal rights and respect for women in the magical community while her own daughter was part of a sex scandal? What if it made it to the national papers? She could just imagine her mother telling her off right now: 'When I was your age I didn't have time to do stuff like this. Do you want to know why? Because I was too busy fighting a fucking war!' Except she wouldn't swear; her mother never did that. Because she was so damn perfect in every way. She would have thought this all through. Why hadn't Rose? "Hey. Are you… okay?" She jumped as Albus suddenly appeared out of nowhere and hurried to shield her letters from him. Not that he would look, he wasn't like that. "I'm fine," she replied. She was trying to go for nonchalant and thought she'd done a good job of it but he, being Albus, obviously picked up on her lie. They'd been almost inseparable up until they went off to Hogwarts together and had known each other like the back of their hands: every habit, like, dislike, and they could tell when something was up just by the tone of their voice. They would call each other their 'best friends' rather than 'cousins.' Then Albus had been sorted into Slytherin and made friends with Scorpius Malfoy, and they just stopped hanging out together. Even to this day, however, it seemed he was still the best, out of her massive extended family and entire friend group, at sensing when she was unhappy. "Okay," He said sceptically, "Well, I'm here if you need something..." He started to retreat from the room before quickly turning back. "Oh, and Grandma told us to come to the living room to open presents – I wonder what she could