Isengard, March 9th TA 3019 Wooden crates and bits of rag bobbed in the stinking floodwater. And what was that? A body, face down in the water, and already beginning to bloat. A crow landed between the corpse's shoulder blades and tugged at a lock of its hair. Saruman picked up a rock and chucked it at the carrion bird. It struck with a thunk. The crow let out an angry squawk, then spread its blue-black wings and lifted away. "Sir? What are your orders?" Grima Wormtongue looked anxiously at his master. Saruman ignored him. He had no idea what to do next. "Do you have any kin? You know what they say about family. 'When you have to go there, they have to take you in.'" Saruman looked to the east. The sky over the horizon was dark with smoke. He bit his lip. "I have a brother, but he doesn't like me much." Saruman drew his brows together. "But he'll take you in?" "I suppose so." The crow returned to his perch on the floating corpse and pecked away at its head. "Let's get out of here," said Saruman. -o-o-o-o-o- Saruman trudged eastwards into Rohan, with Wormtongue struggling to keep up. They'd only been walking for an hour, and already he had blisters on his heels. There were still days and days of walking in front of them. And when he got there, well, it was going to be interesting. He and Mairon had never gotten along. Saruman remembered an occasion when they were both apprentices under Aulë. Mairon had been working on the same piece for a while. He'd scrapped it and started over several times, and it still wasn't done. Aulë sent him outside to get more wood for the forge. Saruman waited until he heard the sound of axe on wood, then went to look at the piece Mairon had left on the workbench. It was going to be an S-shaped bracket, utilitarian but pretty. The piece was well made. Mairon did skilled, careful work. But the flange was thicker than necessary, and the proportions were a little off. Mairon didn't hear the music within the iron the way Saruman did, didn't bring it to life. Looking around and seeing he was unobserved, Saruman picked up the tongs and held the piece in the fire, then struck a few blows with the hammer, changing the proportions slightly, making the curves lighter, more subtle. He quenched the glowing metal in the slake barrel. The water hissed as a plume of steam rose from its surface. When the metal cooled, he pulled it from the barrel and put it back on the workbench where he'd found it. Mairon came back in with an armload of wood and dumped it by the hearth. He dusted the sawdust from his clothes and went back to the workbench. He looked at the piece, then at Saruman. "Your proportions were off, so I fixed them," Saruman said. Mairon's hands curled into fists and he stood there, breathing hard. Saruman laughed. An instant later, Saruman found himself flat on his back with Mairon straddling him. Mairon was heavy. It was hard to breathe, and his arms were pinned to the dirt floor under Mairon's knees. Saruman could do little more than wiggle his fingers and scream. Mairon pommelled him until Aulë yanked them apart and knocked their heads together. "Mairon, Curumo, stop it!" Aulë's grip was like iron. "He hit me! Aren't you going to beat him for it?" Saruman wailed. "And what did you do to him?" Long after Mairon left the Forge for the last time, Saruman overhead Aulë saying to Mahtan, the first of a series of Noldor Elves who came to study under him, "That's excellent work. It's almost as good as something Mairon would have done." You'd never know he was talking about someone who'd been charged with war crimes. It wasn't fair. Mairon was still the favorite, Mairon could do no wrong. -o-o-o-o-o- A few miles out of Isengard, they came upon an isolated farmstead. They had no money and nothing to trade, but Saruman used the power of his voice to persuade the farm wife to 'lend' him a pair of horses. "And can you give me a loaf of bread, too?" Saruman asked. The farm wife nodded, her eyes distant and trancelike. She went inside the cottage, and Wormtongue asked, "Should you send word to your brother, to let him know we're coming?" "No, he might tell me to go away. I'll just appear on his doorstep and hope for the best." They rode bareback through the endless steppes of Rohan, with robe bridles for reins. They traveled for several days in this manner, stopping at farmhouses to ask for food. Eventually the grassy plain gave way to the foothills of Ithilien at the base of the Ephel Dúath, the mountains that encircled Mordor. "Do you have a plan?" asked Wormtongue "Beyond showing up and hoping for the best? No, not really." "We're really going into Mordor, then. Is it safe?" "It's not like I don't know him," said Saruman. Wormtongue looked unconvinced. "You saw me talking to him in the Palantir every day until somebody, we won't name names, threw it over the rail and lost it in the floodwaters." Saruman twisted around as far as he dared without stirrups. "Look, the whole time we were growing up, I slept in a bed next to his, and nobody ended up with a knife between their shoulder blades." In large part because Mairon was a lark and Saruman was an owl. At night, when Saruman climbed the stairs to the attic dormitory, shielding the lamp so as not to wake the others, Mairon would already be asleep, an arm flung over his eyes, his breathing deep and even. He was so much easier to get along with when he was unconscious. Saruman would get ready for bed as quietly as he could, taking great care not to bump the bedframe almost touching his own, but it wasn't necessary, Mairon never stirred during the night. And in the morning, when Saruman woke up, Mairon would already be gone. -o-o-o-o-o- They crossed the bridge to the gates of Minas Morgul, the fortress which straddled the road into Mordor. Saruman wasn't sure he'd be able to charm his way in, but the guards at the gate were as easily won over as the farm wives of Rohan. Inside, there were as many soldiers packed in as would fit. It was hard to thread a path through them. Pushing through the sea of Orcs and leading the horse by its halter rope, he took more than one elbow to the ribs. It took another day of hard riding to cross the plain of Gorgoroth. The plateau was covered by the Armies of Mordor. During the night, campfires were visible in all directions. The grey dawn revealed tents and standards and rank upon rank of armored soldiers. It was astonishing how organized they were, forming up into square formations and moving as if choreographed. Mordor Orcs were unlike any others. They were disciplined, and that made them frightening. The road wrapped around the southern slope of Orodruin. The volcano was erupting hard. Saruman paused for a moment to stare, filled with awe. That was where the Ring was forged. The wind changed, and he choked on sulfurous fumes. Patches of yellow were crusted around the rim of the cinder cone. What was that? The earth beneath his feet trembled. Far away, a boulder bounced down the slopes of Orodruin, followed by a spray of rocks. It struck an outcropping, the sound reached him seconds after the impact. Saruman looked toward the promontory which was home to Barad-dûr, but the Tower was concealed in swirling mist. No matter, they'd be there soon enough. They continued eastward. They reached the causeway, then climbed the hairpin path along the face of the promontory. Toward the end, Saruman slid off the horse's back and led the animal by the reins. They crossed a bridge over an abyss to reach the gates of Barad-dûr. Saruman could see more of the structure now. It was large, but not that much taller than Orthanc. He felt like they were almost evenly matched. The wind picked up. It whipped his hair in his face, and his cloak flapped around him. Wormtongue gasped. His head tilted back as he looked up, and up. Saruman followed his gaze. Gust of wind had torn a hole in the mists. What he'd seen before wasn't Barad-dûr, it was a gatehouse tower in the curtain wall encircling Barad-dûr. The Dark Tower itself was huge, more massive than he'd ever imagined. "It's big. Really big. I just can't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is," he said. "I mean, …" [1] Saruman smacked him. They approached the Main Gate. It was closed, but there was a sally port just large enough for one man at a time, if he turned sideways. Saruman used his most persuasive voice on the sentries, but they just laughed at him. People here must be used to enchantments. He tried another tack. "Please tell Sauron his brother is here to see him." More laughter. He found a scrap of paper and scratched a note, Curumo to Mairon, greetings. I'm destitute. Can you give me a roof and a bed? He folded the paper and handed it to a sentry, who took it from him and disappeared inside. Ten minutes later, an official-looking person appeared in the sally port. He wore black, and wore a badge of the Lidless Eye at his shoulder. He was tall, with dark hair and a bony face that would have looked good on a horse. "My name is Urzahil of Umbar. Sauron says you may stay. Follow me," he said. He led them down a cobblestone street between closely-spaced buildings. There was a whole city within the curtain wall. Their guide stopped under a tavern sign, an iron crown with three white stones. He pushed open the door, revealing a comfortable pub. "Sauron can't see you right now. He's busy with the preparations for war, but he'll see you later," the official said, and left. There was a fire smoldering on the hearth, and the room smelled of peat and new wood. Everything looked new. The oak panels surrounding the booths were golden, not dark as they were in most pubs, and the beams hadn't yet been blackened by smoke. Saruman looked around the room. The walls were decorated with murals. He recognized the drawings as Mairon's. One of the murals showed Melkor as he'd been before his downfall – beautiful, awe-inspiring. Mairon must still be infatuated with Melkor. They'd all been, at first. When Melkor made war against the Valar, no one was surprised when wild, rebellious Ossë followed him. The surprise came when Mairon, the responsible one, the rule-follower, joined them. And then Ossë came back, subdued and repentant, while it was Mairon who stayed on in Utumno as one of Melkor's chief lieutenants. Mairon became a powerful warlord in his own right, taking the name Sauron Gorthaur, or Sauron the Dreaded. They waited. An hour later, the horse-faced official returned. "Sauron is meeting with the ambassador from Núrn right now, but he'll try to make time for you later in the day. At worst, he'll see you at dinner." An hour went by, and another, and no one came for them. Saruman sat at the table with Wormtongue, nursing a tankard and growing increasingly bad-tempered. Saruman fumed. Mairon could've spared a few minutes for him. That was just common courtesy. Finally a servant came to their table and asked them to follow him. "Let me take you to your room and let you get settled." He led them down narrow streets to the base of the Dark Tower itself. A huge iron gate stood open, its thickness the width