A MESSAGE FROM THE AUTHOR: This idea has been in my head for a while. Before I start I want to explain something though. I want to wright a relatively accurate fanfiction on the events of D-day with the characters of PJO and HOO and I have a good idea of how to do this but before I start I'd also like to point out that the only women who fought that day were French resistance but I want to put some of the female characters right there in the thick of the shit with the troops so for this I am messing up history and placing females in with the troops. Other than that I am going to try and keep things relatively accurate to history. So let me know how I do. HEADS UP! The story will skip around time wise because if I did it in time order we wouldn't see most of the characters for a really long time so I will let you know were in the time line we are with every POV change until all time lines are up to date. So just in case you're wondering what's going on and I don't explain it well I'm going to put Main characters and units here so it becomes clear what part of the fight you're reading when a POV change hits. Percy=82nd Airborne Annabeth=101st Airborne Jason=2nd Rangers Thalia=5th Rangers Leo=29th Infantry Will=29Th Infantry Frank=1st Infantry Other characters may be added as I feel necessary. Enjoy! Chapter 1: The Gap POV: Percy Terror. That's the first word that comes to mind if you were to ask me what I felt on that plane. I would never admit this to anyone around me of course but it was true. In fact the person that tells you they weren't afraid was either lying to you or was a dammed fool. This wasn't my first combat drop so it made it worse for me. I knew what was coming. I knew the shit storm we were flying into. As my unit, or stick as we commonly say in the Airborne, tried to keep calm in the tiny cigar tube we called a plane I could hear some praying. Others were trying to wright letters to their loved ones but I doubt it came out legible. It was a dark night with almost no light to write by. Still, others tried to break the tension with jokes. Travis Stoll for example was trying to get us to smile at the memory of him stealing extra rations from the mess hall for us a few weeks ago. "Why couldn't you steal something that actually tastes good?" Nico demanded from his seat next to me. There was a wave of chuckles from the squad when we heard this. Not because it was funny but rather out of nerves. We were one of the surviving squads from the invasion of Sicily so we knew the nightmare that lay ahead. Our only hope was that the army learned from their mistakes. As this thought occurred to me the plane started to bounce and rock dangerously as the sound of flack bursting could be heard. "Shit!" Nico muttered to my left. "I almost forgot about this part." "How the hell did you forget about this part?" I asked him as my hands tightened on my pack straps out of terror. He never got a chance to answer because right then there was a loud bang. I could see out the window across from me there was a bright light illuminating the sky. Then a C-47 sky train plummeted past the window, clearly on fire. "Poor sons a bitches." Nico murmured as the flack continued to explode all around us. The pilot was taking evasive maneuvers to try and keep us in the air but that only terrified me more. Ever since last time I have had a bit of a fear of flying. You would too if you went through what I did. As we continued to bounce, roll, and weave our way through the sky the red light turned on, signaling we were approaching the drop zone. "Red Light!" The Jump Master called out. "Stand up! Hook up!" So we all stood up and hooked the rip cords for our Para shoots to the rail on the ceiling. "Check gear!" He screamed. Each man checked the para shoot of the one in front of him to make sure it was secure. Being that I was first in line to the door I didn't check anyone's para shoot. Slowly every one announced one by one that we were good to jump. So I stepped up to the open door and positioned myself to jump. The wind was so loud that I couldn't hear anything and the view in front of me was horrifying. The night air was light up with flaming C-47s as they crashed, some lucky troopers flinging themselves from the burning planes as they fell. I was horrified when one of the troopers tried to deploy his burning para shoot, the thought hit me that he was as good as dead at this point. Just falling through the sky, knowing the end was rapidly approaching. I looked back into my plane in time to see the red light turn green. That was my signal to jump. And so I stole myself for only a second and stepped out into the gap. That's what the British paratroopers, Red Devils, call it. The gap between the plane and the ground. Every paratrooper's worst night mare. I fell for what felt like a minute or so but I knew it was probably less than a second, before my ripcord yanked out the para shoot. The shoot still needed more time to open up and catch me though, so I continued to free fall through the darkness. Then there was a sharp yank and I felt my shoot open up and catch my fall. I looked up to make sure it deployed correctly and saw that it had. I also saw, however, more burning planes and now that I was no longer in the plane I could hear screams. It was hard to hear over the engines of the planes and the flack but it was there. I was wondering who it was until a body fell to my left, plummeting and screaming, the deployed para shoot was shredded by flack. Poor guy. I thought sadly. That thought turned to fear as his falling body rammed into a para shoot below me. His weight collapsed the other shoot and they both fell screaming. I instinctively looked up, hoping it wouldn't happen to me. As I continued to look around I saw another trooper in front of me and slightly higher looking around. He suddenly let out a horrible shriek as machine gun rounds flew up and ripped him to shreds from below. Equipment and weapons fell past me as I continued to descend. Either they didn't secure their stuff right or their packs were damaged by enemy fire. Or maybe the plane was flying too fast and the force of the air ripped their gear off them. After all we weren't supposed to jump until the plane slowed down for that reason. It was a manicure up there. We had little to no control over out decent and the white shoots stood out against the black of the night. The fire of the crashing planes illuminated us and made us easy targets. The only hope we had was that the army dropped us in large groups so that we could, hopefully, over whelm the enemy so they couldn't shoot us all before we hit the ground. The decent felt like forever as more and more troopers died around me. Finally though my feet hit the ground and I collapsed to the side to roll off the fall. I then set to work trying to ditch my shoot so I could run for cover before the Germans found me. Once I was free I sprinted to the tree line to my right and ducked down, trying hard to listen for any noises that might tell me if someone was near bye. There was nothing. So I got up and began to move toward the small town I could see from the air. As I continued to walk towards the town I heard a noise. (AN: I tried google to help me with this one but I couldn't find any challenges used on D-Day so I'm going to steal this on from Saving Privet Ryan. Not sure if it's real or not. If you know any challenges used on D-Day please tell me them and the proper response as well as the units that used them.) "Thunder!" I heard someone whisper shout to my right. "Thunder!" "Flash!" I responded in my own whisper shout. There was some rustling then Nico emerged from the bushes. "Percy?" He said in surprise. "Glad to see you made it." "You too." I responded. As I moved over to the bush he just emerged from and crouched down to avoid being seen. "Have you seen anyone ells from our stick?" I asked. He shook his head as he crouched next to me. "Just you." He said. "But I'm pretty worried here." I frowned at him. "Worried?" I asked him. "Now you're worried? Not before we went through the gap?" He just stared at me before responding. "I think we were miss dropped again." He said flatly. "The town looked different from the photos we were shown." I nodded in agreement. "Yah, you're probably right." I said. "But we're hear and the enemy is there." I paused. "You know our mission, get behind their lines and cause hell." He nodded. "But if we don't take St. Mere Eglise the infantry can't move up." He stated bluntly. "I bet there other para troopers on it right now, our stick just got lost." I said. "We can't worry about this now, let's find our unit first." He nodded and we continued to walk towards the town. As we entered the outskirts of the town, which up close felt like a really, really, really small city, we could hear gunfire. So we sprinted off to join the fight, making sure to stop and check the side streets for enemies before crossing them. Eventually I rounder a corner onto another main road to see three Germans firing their weapons in the other direction and a sole figure firing back at them from behind a building. I immediately used the building I was near for cover and raised my Thompson sub machine gun as Nico dropped to his stomach and raised his carbine to fire. We both started to shoot the Germans in the backs. They went down in a few seconds. I know, how horrible to kill them! Why not take them prisoner? We were airborne commandoes, behind enemy lines. Where would we put prisoners? Plus we didn't have the resources to capture them anyway. We were outnumbered the minute we landed. "Thunder!" Nico screamed to the figure down the street once the Germans were dead. "Thunder or we will fire!" "Flash!" Came the response. I gave Nico a nod to move up. "Just keep your guard up." I told him. "We don't know if any more Nazis are in the aria." He nodded as we started to walk down the street to the lone trooper that was approaching us. "What's your unit?" The trooper asked as she came into view from the shadows, waving her hand to tell us to come to her. We complied, not liking being out in the open. So the three of us took cover between two buildings as I noticed her arm insignia was a screaming Eagle instead of the AA on ours that stood for Always Airborne. "You're with the 101st?" I asked her. She nodded as she looked at