A MESSAGE FROM THE AUTHOR: I'm breaking my number one rule here. I promised my self that I wouldn't pitch a story if it was similar to something that's out there that's a one of a kind. And if I were to I would try and think of a completely different plot so I don't rip the writer off. I PM'ed the author of the story though and the author refuses to turn this one shot into a story. But it was so good that it really deserves it. Just to make myself feel better I am putting my own spin on it so expect it to be way different but just figured id let people know so that I don't get the "Hey this is already a thing!" comments. If you hate mine then read "My Name In Writing" It's guaranteed to be better then anything I could put together but I got the idea stuck in my head so here we go. Chapter one: Young and Crazy POV: Annabeth I was watching yet another science documentary as they tried to explain the tattoos. The things have been on every human since the dawn Homo sapiens and yet they still had no idea how they work. It's weird. They are these little black tattoo-ish rings that appear some where on every person. The ring will remain hollow until one of two circumstances. The first is a name will appear in the center of the ring. It is always the name of the person's true love. I'm not sure if I believe it but based on the way my friends are it's hard to deny. Most of my friends have found their true loves or soul mates, as the common terminology says. I was with three of them when it happened. They would lock eyes with the person that would become their soul mate and they don't seem to notice anything. My friend Piper's circle was on her wrist so I watched in fascination as "Jason Grace" Inked itself into her circle as she talked with the blond boy. That leads me to the other thing that happens to some people's circles. Every now and then they have a black dot. The ring is just completely filled in. This means that either the person has no soul mate or that the soul mate has died. This had happened to my friend Rachel. As long as I've known here she has had this black dot on her left knee, which is always showing through her ripped jeans. I thought the whole soul mate thing was just a lode of shit until my friends started to meat their soul mates. They seem to be hopelessly in love and I can't deny that they aren't perfect for their soul mates. It just baffles me, as well as every scientist on earth, that these circles can determine who we love. My first friend, Thalia, met her soul mate, Luke, when we were in fifth grade. Then one by one my friends became hopelessly in love, one after another, until Rachel and me were the only ones left. I was in my junior year of high school and still hadn't found my soul mate and I was starting to despair. It was rare but every now and then there came a story of a person that went their whole life without ever meeting their soul mate. The day that I met him took me completely by surprise though. I guess it started when I got into Thalia's car to go to school. "Morning, Anni!" She shouted over the Greenday blasting off her sterio. I just glared at her, being fed up with yelling at her for using the nickname. Then to screw with her I changed her ratio station to Nash FM, knowing she was a punk rock person to the core and that the change to country would drive her crazy. "…new album Sunshine and Whiskey." Came the Nash FM DJ over the speakers as the guitar started to play in the background. "Here's Young and Crazy." "Really?" Thalia demanded. "You turn off Greenday for this shit?" I just smirk at her. "I happen to like this song." I chastised as the singer started to sing. "One day I'll slow it way down, spend my weekends on a swing out on the wraparound. Oh, but these days, I'm on a mission, to get these wild oats out of my system. Yah I might stay out all night. I gotta do a little wrong so I know what's right!" At this part I started to sing along as Thalia winced because I can't sing for shit. "I want a sit out on the porch tellin stories about my glo-r-y days as I'm pushin on eighty! How am I ever gona get to be old and wise if I ain't ever young and crazy?!" I continued to jam out to the song as Thalia winsed every time I attempted a high note and shuddered at my low notes. "For gods' sake just stop!" She shrieked half way through the song. "I won't call you Annie ever again, just please stop! Fuck water boarding, they should out law you singing!" I laughed at the idea. "Yah," I agreed. "They could walk into a cell and tell the terrorists 'Where's the bomb? Tell us or we're going to make you listen to Annabeth singing again!'." We both laughed at the idea as Young and crazy continued to play on the radio. I loved this song. To me it was all about doing stupid shit so you could laugh about it later and say, yah I was there when that happened. Like the line in the song "…I gotta live a lota life, if I'm gona give good advice when I'm talking to my grand babies…" I don't want to get old and then find out that I really haven't lived. Me and Thalia were feeling pretty good though as the song ended and the DJ started to talk again. "And that was Young and Crazy fresh off of Percy Jackson's new album Sunshine and Whiskey..." he said as Thalia turned the channel back to her Punk rock. (AN: I know the song is by Frankie Ballard but I needed to have him sing something!) "Thanks for waiting for the song to be over." I told Thalia. She just gave me a smirk. "The last time I tried to shut off that song you left a welt on my arm." She laughed, though she wasn't joking. I gave her a sweet smile as a joke. "I can't guess where you would make that up?" I said as sarcasm oozed from my mouth. We both laughed and enjoyed the rest of the ride to school. School was boring that day. Literally nothing interesting happened until lunch, which we had last period. "So what are you doing tonight?" Rachel asked me as she sat down in the chair across from me with a tray of what the school called "Food". I shrugged. "Home work." I answered. "Then maybe some CS:GO." While I was one of few Counter Strike: Global Offensive players in the school, I still spent a lot of time on it. I mean, I'm a nerd! What do ya expect? Me t be smart and super athletic? I don't think so! Rachel just smiled at me. "No you're not." She said cheerily. I frowned in confusion. "Excuse me?" I asked. "You're not playing that video game tonight." She clarified. "Because you're coming with me to a party!" I groaned. I hate parties. There are always a lot of people at them and I hate it. I always feel awkward. "No." I told her. "You know I don't do parties." "Well you're doing this one." She told me with a tone that mad me feel that I didn't have a choice. "My dad's celebrating some record deal for like the gazillions time and said I could bring a friend so you're coming." Her dad owned a record company that was very successful and had bands from all sorts of genres from pop to classic rock and every thing in between. "So who's the band?" I asked her. She just shrugged. "No one special." She said. "Small time thing but it's gona get boring if you don't come." I eventually nodded. "Just this ones." I told her. A grin broke out across her face. "Really?" She asked. I nodded. "That's awesome!" She squealed. "Here, the address and time is on this paper!" She handed me a sheet and stood up. "I gotta go but I'll catch you later!" She said as she ran off. Time Break I was just getting changed to go and meet Rachel at the party when I found my self-staring at the Tattoo on my left shoulder, in the mirror. I couldn't explain it but I felt like the little circle on my left shoulder would disappear after to night. It was a ridicules idea, it had never happened in recorded human history, but I just felt the urge to memorize what it looked like. So then I threw on a fresh T-shirt and a nice pair of jeans before leaving for the party. Twenty minutes latter I was standing out in front of a mansion, ringing the doorbell. "Hello?" Answered a woman with long brown hair. "Who are you?" "Hi." I answered, feeling awkward already. "I was told that this was where to go for the record party, I'm a friend of Rachel Dare." The woman nodded. "Yes," She began. "Rachel said she had invited a friend." She then backed up and opened the door to let me in. "You have a very nice house." I commented as I walked into the mansion, admiring the architecture. "I feel it's too big." The woman said. "But the record company threw it in for free so I'm not complaining." She seamed so relaxed and down to earth. The comment was a little weird but she said it in a way that made you want to laugh instead of roll your eyes. "So how long have you been singing for?" I asked her as I followed her through her house. She laughed. "No," She said. "I don't sing. It's my son that got the deal." I nodded as we reached a door on our left. "Just head on in." She said to me. "Rachel's in there, though you're a little early." I thanked her. "I'm Sally by the way." She said as she turned to return to the front of the house. When I entered the room Rachel immediately ambushed me. "Oh, Good!" She squealed. "I was wondering when you would get here!" I gave her a confused smile before I spoke. "I thought you said this was no big deal?" I asked her. "This house is huge!" She gave me a guilty smile. "Sorry." She began. "But I lied to get you out here." I was again confused. "I really wanted you to meat this one." She continued as she led me over to a U shaped couch with about four occupants. My eyes immediately flew to the one sitting in the center though. No big deal my ass. I knew that face from his new CD cover. It was Percy Jackson! "Hay Percy!" Rachel called. He looked up at us with amusement in his sea green eyes. "I wanted you to meat my friend Annabeth!" Rachel continued. I walked over to him and shook his hand. "Hay." He greeted. "How's it going?" He was a lot more relaxed than I thought he would be. "Pretty good." I answered, not quite sure what to do now. He seamed to pick up on how awkward I felt though because he pointed to the seat next to him and offered me a seat. "Thanks." I said as I took the seat. "Don't sweat it." He laughed as leaned back in