Chapter One "Estel?" "Yes?" "The wind has shiftedagain." "So it has, Legolas." "It is time, mellon nin , for you to move your carcass downwind for a bit." "No, mellon nin , I moved last time. It's your turn to move." "I am not the one smoking," "But you are the one complaining. Deal with it, gwadar. " Grey eyes met blue eyes with matched intensity. Neither would back down. "Look," said the elf at last, "The moon shines full tonight." The ranger snorted and pulled deeply on his pipe. "The first full moon of the spring, eh Legolas?" "You remember then, Edain ?" "Remember? I will never forget." Silence slid between them, as comfortable as a worn cloak. "You were scared coming into Mirkwood the first time, were you not?" The ranger chuckled. "Not so much from the tales my brothers told me, although they were frightening enough. And I knew that the tales were true because I often heard them trying to find ways to avoid visiting you in Mirkwood. I think they were scared too." "It wasn't enough that the twins were scared?" "No, what really scared me was the way that you changed as we drew near to the dark wood." "I changed? You are talking nonsense, Estel." The ranger sat up straight and set his pipe aside, "I do not lie, Legolas. In Imladris you were ever the gentleman. Your dress was impeccable, your demeanor pleasant and congenial –but there was a sense of reserve that I didn't even notice was there until we drew near to Mirkwood that first time. Just you and I, that is the time we are talking about, is it not?" "Yes, it was the first time Elrond let you go beyond the borders of Imladris without your brothers. I had promised to guard you with my life and show you all kinds of things that would enrich your education." "I am supposed to believe you? What was the real reason" "I really wanted to be home for Merith Echuir , of course. It was easier to take you along than put up with your guilting me with those large grey eyes for leaving Imladris without a proper visit. I had been out on patrol with your brothers for most of the time I was there." Aragorn grinned, "I was prone to wanting my own way. So you didn't have my educational welfare at heart?" "Sweet Eru no!" protested the elf, "I didn't want to miss Mereth Echuir , and I thought you might enjoy it." "And so I did." "But what is this change you were speaking of?" "Mmmm, " said the Man, taking another deep draft from his pipe, "The closer we got to the Woods, the more relaxed and happy you became. I felt as though I was watching you shed a shell of sorts. It scared me to death because I figured that you were putting up a good front to shield me from the horrors that awaited us. Then you smiled a real smile, I mean really from your heart. Damn near turned around and headed for home. I figured things must be really bad in the woods to cause you to smile like that." The elf chuckled and then laughed out loud. "I smiled, Mortal, because I was headed home. There is nothing so awful in Mirkwood that would keep me from loving to return." "I know that now." With a sigh, Legolas got up and walked upwind of the smoke. With measured movements he sat beneath a birch tree, easing his back against the trunk. Automatically he reached over his shoulder and touched the tree in greeting. "You didn't hide your fear at all well, mellon nin . I remember the questions you asked. There were so many of them!" "Most of what I'd heard was true, Legolas. My brothers did not exaggerate the size of the spiders. Wargs were every bit as vicious as I had been told. I knew of the orcs, although my brothers were fair when they said your bowmen had more skill and experience in bringing them down. And the Darkness. The Darkness of Mirkwood truly hangs like a shroud about the place. I remember how it crawled into my heart when we crossed into the woods. Is that how you experience it?" "Absolutely," said Legolas with a solemn timbre to his voice, "Absolutely and all the time. . . Was there anything that your brothers neglected to tell you of?" asked the elf. "Well, they never told me that you harvested the webs of spiders you had killed to sell to healers for medicinal purposes." "I thought for sure Lord Elrond would have told you about that." "They never mentioned that your patrols are trained to shoot accurately in the dark." "A needed skill in the south of MIrkwood." "They never told me what you traded to get the real ivory for your knife handles." "Ah, that is still a secret, although it involves jewels and Dorwinian wine." "Or that your craftmen spend their days turning out fine bows for Men." "Rather than the fancy bows of Lothlorien or the crafts of Imladris? My father ruled a country that had been at war for millennia, Estel. We had to find ways to pay for things that we could not produce ourselves. Many of the resources we needed to keep our people alive had been compromised by the Darkness. We learned to fight and we learned to cope. And my people make fine bows, why the bow that fired the black arrow that brought the dragon down –" "Was made in Mirkwood. Yes, I know, Legolas." The elf grimaced, "Mind your tongue, Estel," he admonished, "When I brought you to Mirkwood you had been so immersed in Noldorian elf lore that you thought the only way to make music was with instruments, the only way to learn history was from books, and the only way to dance was to follow the formula. I don't think you had ever seen an elf laugh until you came to the Mereth Echuir ." "My family laughed. . . Well, no, you are right gwadar nin . There is no laughter as welcoming or as freely given as that from a wood elf." "Thank you, " said Legolas, smiling smugly. Aragorn's pipe finally burned itself out. He set it aside and lay back, cradling his head in his hands. "The stars are brilliant tonight," he said at last. He sighed and continued in a subdued voice, "I was afraid of meeting your father. You told me that he had treasure that he counted as valuable as the stars, that he would stop at nothing to protect it, even sacrificing his own life and the lives of his people to secure it. That sounded frighteningly similar to another bit of history I'd been taught and it scared me to death," he paused, "Why in Eru's name did you tell me that, Legolas?" "I'm an elf. We take pride in being enigmatic," said the elf simply. Aragorn groaned. "It was the truth," continued Legolas, "You didn't take long to discover that." "We hadn't been in Mirkwood for a full day when you turned off the road and led me to the clearing." "You had no idea what was going on, but you trusted me, Estel. I hadn't been able to attend a Mereth Echuir for nearly two decades, but I was determined to take part in the celebration and if you were along to watch, so much the better. I could think of no better way to bounce you out of your preconceived notions of what it meant to be an elf. If you remember you were going through a period of feeling like you would never be as good as your father and brothers. You compared yourself constantly to them and forever found yourself short. You were so hard on yourself . . ." "And you blame that on my family?" asked Aragorn. "The Noldor elves ever reach for the stars, spending their lives creating beauty and striving to know it all and see it all and craft it all. They forever measure themselves and find themselves wanting. It is not a bad way, but the wood elves reach inward, to root themselves ever deeper into creation. We don't live our lives seeking the future, but rather in savoring and celebrating the moment," "I've not heard you wax philosophical before. You're not bad at it," said Aragorn with a chuckle, "I suppose your tendency to play in the moment is why I put up with your insufferable singing at the drop of a hat . . . or have to pull you away from a flower when you get lost in its beauty." "That's why, Mortal, I tossed you into that tree when we got to the clearing rather than pontificating on the historical relevance of each of the stages of the ceremony." "That clearing was so magical, Legolas. Even with all the amazing things I'd seen in Imladris, coming upon that beautiful glade near the top of the hill with all the varieties of trees surrounding it was remarkable. You didn't tell me that we had reached a sacred space. I was just hoping that we could stop there to spend the night." "And then I stuffed you in that maple and told you to find a secure place to sit and to keep your eyes open." Chapter Two Aragorn smiled and closed his eyes as he remembered his relief at finding that the low branch Legolas had chosen for him was wide enough to sit comfortably on. Even with scooting back so that his back leaned against the trunk, he'd had a good view of the clearing. Recalling Legolas' admonition, he adjusted himself so that his legs were crossed and his hands rested upon his knees. He closed his eyes and took several slow, calming breaths, smelling the brisk dampness of the woods around him. The sounds of the woods at the edge of dusk were subdued and muted. His ears weren't well tuned enough to hear the scurrying of small animals through the brush, but he was able to hear the trills and whistles of a single nightingale marking the end of the day with his nighttime song. Estel took another deep breath and then opened his eyes. It took a moment for his sight to adjust fully to the muted hues of twilight. The clear sky glowed with the gray remnants of daylight and was rimmed with the silhouette of huge hemlocks marking a black relief against the sky. Oaks, some larger than the tree he was sitting in, edged the clearing as well, standing shoulder to shoulder with ancient beech and maple trees. Well below the crowns of the aged sentinels were smaller trees; birch and laurel. There was not much underbrush, Estel noted. Indeed the clearing seemed to be blanketed with a covering of loamy moss. For a time Estel simply opened himself to observe the silence and the beauty of the grove. Legolas had spoken of areas within Mirkwood that were secure, and it was not hard to imagine that this was one such place. The nightingale concluded his evening song. The sky deepened to a dusky grey-blue. The silence that ensued was so peaceful that Estel caught himself beginning to doze. His eyes closed and his head began to nod when the silence was broken with a single voice clean and clear lifting a simple melody into the twilight. Estel scanned the clearing to determine the source of the music. High in the branches of one of the great maples sat a slender elleth . She held no instrument but sang from her heart, wordless, with tones as pure and complex as the nightingale. As she sang the light continued to dim, and the clearing continued to darken, save for the soft glow of the