Diary of Arwen Undomiel 2951 Third Age April 14. 2951 I arrived home atImladris three days ago, and oh, it is good to be home! I remember when I left here to live with my grandparents at Lothlorien so long ago. All seemed shrouded in grayness and there was no light in my world. For years after my mother sailed to the Undying Lands I had tried to reweave the fabric of our family, but Elladan and Elrohir were more bent on avenging her brokenness than healing their own wounds, and my father's grief poured like a dark river through our days. I suppose I was more open to knowing his grief because I felt so responsible to stand in my mother's place, but my father would not allow me to comfort him. To the rest of the household he has always been a paragon of strength and evenhandedness. He is known as Elrond the Wise with good reason, but I know he struggled for wisdom in the face of his own grief. Now that I'm again at Imladris, I have remembered a large part of that great darkness. The wound taken to my soul when my mother sailed should have allowed me to nay, should have compelled me to fade and depart for Mandos' Halls myself, yet it did not. I remember dreading the morn when I would have to address the world again and strive to reclaim the joy which poured from my heart in earlier days; wishing instead to fold inward and disappear. Oh how dark that was! My hand trembles as I write. Truly I do not wish to enter that great darkness again, but why didn't I grieve as others did? Why didn't I fade as was my desire? I do not wish to visit the darkness again, after all my grandmother has done to lift me from it. I only worry that there might be a place or a time here that reawakens the despair. But I will not dwell on such things, for that is not why I am writing. What would I rather write about? Perhaps I should take a moment to tell of an interesting thing that happened to me when I was visiting the birch glen that is up and behind the Last Homely House. There are so many places that are beautiful in Imladris, but this small copse of woods is like a jewel in the midst of it all. I have always loved the paths and streams that lace the wood, and the shimmering of the leaves as they dance in the wind. When we arrived at the manse, I greeted my family heartily, but as soon as I could, I slipped away to find comfort in these trees. The leaves had budded some days past, and were still tender and light in the morning sun. There is such energy in the new green of this season! The white trunks of the trees stood as sentinels of the wood; raising their spindly arms to greet the azure sky. The ground beneath the trees was soft and rich and bursting with the new life force of the season. And the smell, oh the rich tang of soil newly released from snowmelt is hard to describe. I was quite lost in the power of the moment when the sound of singing reached my ears. At first I thought it was an elf, so clear were the words and sweet the voice, but as the form came closer I saw it to be a Man, one of the Dunedain given his build and height. He was singing a refrain from the Lay of Luthien, that sad song of an elf and mortal love bound, and I fear he had spied me for a few heartbeats before I saw him. I think I must have looked dazed when my eyes met his. He ceased the song and all was silence between us for long moments. I remembered my place quickly and gazed on him intently, hoping that he would withdraw. He did not flinch under my watchful eye, but looked for a moment as though to kneel. Then, instead, he lifted his chin and looked at me with naïve amazement. " Tinuviel?" he called quietly, " Tinuviel ?" I had forgotten in my absence, how many mortals are given leave to wander Imladris, and forgotten also how easily besotted they become when confronted with the beauty Iluvator has given me. I had to laugh at the man, although it was not unkindly, " Who are you, and why do you call me by that name?" He smiled, then. It was a sweet smile that was both open and honest. He dropped his head as though considering being embarrassed, but then he looked into my eyes again with confidence and mirth. "Because I believed you to be Luthien Tinuviel." He raised his eyebrows and continued with sincerety, " But if you are not she, then you walk in her likeness." We both laughed, then, and he bowed and introduced himself. He is Aragorn, although he goes also by the name Estel. He is one of the Dunedain fosterlings that my father has taken in over the centuries as part of their training to become chief of his people. Unlike the other Men who came to complete their training as they came of age, he has been here since he was two, since his chieftain father was killed. I imagine that explains his confidence in dealing with the firstborn. He has done it all his life. It was an odd meeting, and I would not mind seeing him again. There is to be a welcoming feast tonight and I look forward to the laughing and the dancing. My time with Grandmother at Lothlorien was a time of healing for me. I only hope that I can keep alive the light and joy that she returned to me when I was with her there. April 15, 2951 Elrohir makes me so annoyed, and yet I am happy to be with him again. The festivities last night were so much fun. The dances here are much more robust than the formal ones in Lothlorien, although we are not nearly as frolicsome as the Silvan elves of Mirkwood. Between the evening and the travelling yesterday I found that I was really in need of a full night's sleep, so I did not emerge from my room until well towards noon. Mariel was kind enough to save me some bread and cheese from breakfast and I took it out to the woodlot behind the kitchen. It had already proven to be a beautiful day. The air had warmed enough to pull the scent of pine from the trees in the yard, where there is always the smell of chopped wood mixed with kitchen enticements. I paused in the doorway looking for a place to perch, when I noticed that Aragorn was in the yard. He was intent on watching Elrohir who was pitching a set of throwing knives into the chopping block some four paces away. Every now and again my brother would vary his target to include one of the apples that lay as deadfall from last autumn, near the trunk of the great apple tree. He was able to skewer a few of them, but with nowhere the accuracy I was capable of. When he finished the set he turned to me, as though surprised to see me. "Mae govannen, little sister," he grinned, "As you can see, I have become much better at the knives in your absence." I smiled politely at him and set down my breakfast on a small table near the door. I graced him with a look of daring confidence. "If you will gather the knives for me, I will be glad to show you how it is properly done," I said. Traditionally, the throwing of such knives has been a pastime of the elleth of the community. It is really more of a game than a show of military prowess. Normally it would be in poor taste to show off in front of a mortal not named elvellon or life friend of the elves, but Elrohir was my brother and he deserved to be put in his place. Normally, too, I should have greeted Aragorn courteously, but I am known for foregoing custom when I get engaged in something. Elrohir collected the knives and handed them to me with a gracious bow. I handled one of the knives for a moment testing its weight and balance, then shifted to a throwing stance and quickly sent all six knives towards the chopping block. They hit the side of the block in quick rhythm. I had chosen a simple pattern to place them in and I was pleased to see that they formed a perfect circle. I confess to a bit of smugness as I turned to my brother. "Arwen, where are your manners?" he chided me, ignoring my success. "You do well enough with the knives, but you did not even greet Estel. Greet him now, unless you would claim forfeit." I looked down and blushed, for I knew that I had been out of line, "Greetings, Aragorn, and forgive my rudeness." Deciding to hide my shame with boldness, I looked at the mortal full in the face, "Although as male you should have greeted me first. Perhaps I should claim forfeit instead." Aragorn shook his head, his eyes wide with amazement. (Or was it dazed again at the beauty in my affect?) "What would you claim?" he said. Eager to put yet another besotted Man in his place, I walked over to the knives and pulled them from the block. "Can you throw well?" I asked. "Shame on you for making Estel so uncomfortable," protested my brother, although he was grinning, "Think you that he can best you at the knives?" "I did not ask him to best me, Elrohir," I retorted, returning his smile, "I only wish to see what he can do." "You do not have to accept this, Estel," said Elrohir. "You may choose another forfeit if you like." Estel smiled then. It was a becoming smile with mirth and mischief. "I would not deny the lady her sport," he said at last. "But I would ask your help with the apples." Elrohir nodded and gathered six apples from the ground. Within the next minute he had tossed the apples one at a time and Estel had sundered them as they flew. Not one was left intact. It was my turn to look with amazement. This was no mortal besotted by my beauty. He had nerve and skill besides! I retreated to my breakfast and begged their leave. I didn't know what to make of this Dunedain. April 17, 2951 I had words with my father today. I know in my heart that I am the apple of his eye, and there are many times I can wheedle from him far more than my brothers can, but this day I fear I overstepped. Perhaps we are both out of step with the cadence of our relationship. I own that I can be more than impetuous. Spontaneity is, after all, a hallmark of the Eldar. But I seem to have impulsiveness coupled with a sense of urgency that can totally unravel those of calmer countenance. I had seen in Lothlorien smooth rocks from the stream painted with all sorts of fine designs and I had decided that this day would be a day to collect the rocks to make my own. Our home is built so close to the waterfalls that I knew finding suitable rocks nearby would be difficult. I could venture into the valley, but Ada had forbidden me to walk there without escort. There had been troubling reports of orc attacks nearby and he was ever cautious with my safety. I would have been happy