In all his years ofbattle, there was none to match the battle at the Black Gate. The Plain of Morannon had been steeped in dismal swirlings of despair, shrouded in fear and awash with a dark hunger that devoured hope and dismantled courage. Even the seasoned warriors had been sobered by the overwhelming sense that the Darkness would soon claim victory. When the moment came that the great gate fell and the minions scattered, the captains and their charges stood in stunned silence. For long minutes after the wind came and pulled the dregs of darkness from the land, the soldiers stood in awe. They had not fought with hope, but rather with determination; willing to sacrifice all and die with honor. Now both hope and life had been restored to them. It was hard to believe it was really so. The stunned silence lasted long after the battle weary had pulled back to their camp and set about making a meal and tending the wounded. It lasted long after Arnor had set in a blaze of color in the west. It lasted late into the night, as the men gathered in quiet groups of one and two around small campfires, not ready to endorse their victory with the usual rousing songs and liberal drinking, but rather standing mute in the face of a victory that had been graced them against all odds by two Halflings from the Shire. Aragorn welcomed the soft light of starshine that cast a healing glow upon the camp. He had been quiet himself, but also busy meeting with his captains, serving as healer and organizing the troops for the night. It was not until the stars had slid far along their course that it came to his attention that he had not seen Legolas since the turn of the battle. They had stood side by side to witness the falling of Sauron, so Aragorn did not fear for his friend's safety, but as he reflected on the course of his day he realized that the elf had made himself quite scarce. Sighing with weariness Aragorn navigated his way back to his tent. Almost before the tent flap had fallen shut he was stripped to the waist and was tugging at the heavy boots that had carried him through the day. Quickly he changed into lighter attire. Not bothering to pick up the discarded clothing, he set out to find his friend. Legolas was not in his tent, and none of the sentries had seen the elf. The Plain of Dagorlad was flat and dusty. There were no trees or mounds for Legolas to seek out. Perplexed, Aragorn walked the perimeter of the camp. He had almost given up finding the elf when he caught a glint of gold shining in the starlight some distance from the clusters of tents. As he closed the distance between the two of them, Aragorn considered whether to interrupt his friend's solitude. At first he thought that Legolas was simply seeking time alone to bring himself into balance after the battle, but as he drew near he saw that the Eldar was not standing in proud meditation, but huddled with knees drawn tight to his chest, arms wrapped around his legs. If Legolas knew that Aragorn was beside him, he made no indication, but he did not startle when Aragorn knelt and embraced him in a firm hug. "I am here, gwadarnin ," said Aragorn, and waited for Legolas to speak. "I should have died," said Legolas at last. His voice was rough with unshed tears. "To a man we all should have died this day," said Aragorn. Legolas shrugged himself free and turned to look at Aragorn. "No, Estel. I mean I was never meant to live to see the end of this quest." Aragorn puzzled this thought for a moment. "I never knew the Wood Elves to have foresight," he said, hoping to break the weight of the moment, "was this your own foreshadowing or from someone else?" Legolas smiled a bit, then looked away. "Estel, I owe you an apology. I should never have come on this quest. If I have been a burden to you, forgive me, for I know I have not given you my best." "You are speaking in riddles, elf," began Aragorn. Legolas shook his head. "I was to be the eyes and the ears of the fellowship, remember? And yet I was often distracted with a burden on my own heart. I did not keep Boromir safe. Gandalf perished and you fell almost to your death." he sighed, "I am sorry." "Truly without your guidance, bow and blades we would have all perished several times over," protested Aragorn, "What is troubling you, Legolas?" Legolas smiled ruefully and gazed into Aragorn's eyes. "It is nothing, gwardarnin . I am fine." Aragorn laughed out loud at that, and resolved to sit for as long as it took for his friend to unburden his heart. He stretched out his long legs, leaned back on his elbows and gazed at the sky. He had almost fallen asleep when Legolas spoke again. "I have been hoping that the Valar would grant me death, since it is what I deserve. I have broken my oath and the blood of my kin is on my hands." Aragorn rolled to sit facing his friend, fully alert. "Tell me about this, Legolas." The elf sighed and put his face into his hands. Without looking up, he said, "Estel, for the past millennia I have helped to lead my people in the fight against the Darkness. Long ago I swore to defer personal gain until we had secured safety for my people and their home. Until the spring before the Council of Elrond, keeping that oath had never been a problem. I broke my oath and so lost several of my men to death and others to the vile ministrations of the orcs." "Tell me more," Aragorn urged. "Our southern villages have slowly become too dangerous for elves to live in," said Legolas looking at his friend, "That spring we moved the entire village of Tynwardin to stay in the Halls of Emyn Duir. The most trained warriors were assigned to the Southern patrols, but several of the younger warriors joined my patrol to begin training with me before our next rotation South." Legolas paused and looked to the sky as if to organize his thoughts. "It was not just the warriors that came north. They brought their families and – their – ellith with them." Aragorn raised his eyebrows, "There is an elleth in this story? What is her name?" "Her name is Dulinai," replied Legolas, almost defensively, "and she is the most perplexing creature I have ever met. Estel, you know that at court I have often been the focus of – a lot of female attention. Many times I've felt like a piece of bait that the minnows swim to." Legolas looked sideways at Aragorn, "You have no idea, mellonin ." Aragorn grinned sympathetically. "But Dulinai would have none of those games. She didn't act coy with me. In fact, the day we met we got into a heated debate about the fletching of arrows. Fletching of arrows, Estel. From an elleth! It turned out that her father was the armsmaster in Tynwardin and had made it a point of pride to teach both of his children how to fletch and shoot. She fletches way too close to the shaft, but she tried to convince me that doing so would improve the speed of the shot. If that were not enough, she was bold enough to challenge me to a contest with the bow. I asked her if she knew who it was that she challenged, but she just laughed, more of a chuckle really, and said that she knew she was challenging someone who needed to be taken down a peg." "Did she win?" asked Aragorn. Legolas looked at Aragorn for a minute until he saw that he was being teased. " Daro, N'uma! She did not. But I think she may have been right about fletching the arrows. I wanted to ask her about that later, but for some reason I found it hard to focus while we were talking. . . She is very pretty, Aragorn." "So far this is a good story, Legolas. What is the problem?" Legolas bit his lower lip. "We had many small conversations in the weeks that followed. I knew that because of my oath I had to be careful not to think of her romantically. To be honest, it was very hard. She had a way of teasing me, then when I caught on she would laugh and catch her tongue between her teeth and look up at me from under lowered lashes. And she really listened to my words. I thought perhaps to call her friend would be enough." Legolas sighed and Aragorn smiled. Legolas lapsed into silence. "There is more?" said Aragorn after a time. Legolas turned and looked at him. All joy was gone from his face. "Hear me out, Estel." Legolas looked down before he continued, "At the Council of Elrond, you asked how it came to be that Gollum was taken by the Enemy. Did you ever consider how it is I that I was the one to bring news of Gollum's escape?" Aragorn was silent. "I was the captain of the patrol charged with keeping him safe. "I came to pity the creature that had lived in the Darkness for so long, but I was cautious. While I appreciated the sympathy my men had for the creature, I always made sure that he was well guarded. Weeks passed, and we came to know the wiles and brokenness of Gollum, more than I care to admit. I was loath to put too many guards on him, and yet he was both sneaky and deceitful. The night that he was taken, I had set the rotation as always, mixing at least one seasoned warrior with those less experienced. There was a feast that night, and I had taken extra care to let as many go to the celebration as safety would allow. In fact, I had written my name in as the experienced warrior, and I fully intended to take the shift. " Legolas paused. "I was on my way to duty when Dulinai stopped me in the hall. She looked as though she had just been running. Her cheeks were bright and she was still a little out of breath. The look she gave me – her eyes were sparkling and filled with such joy! I could feel my own heart pounding in response. I knew then that I needed to talk with her." Aragorn raised his eyebrows, asking a silent question, but Legolas looked away. "Donalin, one of our new recruits joined me as I crossed the yard. He was an excellent archer, very eager to learn. He was from the south, the same village as Dulinai. When I asked him why he wasn't at the feast, he told me that he knew so few in the community that he would not be missed. He asked me if there was anyone on Gollum's watch who would like to go and offered to take their place." Legolas stopped, and took a slow breath. "Estel, I did then what I never should have done. I allowed personal desire to sway my decision and allowed Donalin to take my place." Legolas shook his head, and pulled his knees to his chest again. "I never should have allowed the patrol to convene without an experienced warrior." When Legolas continued his voice was so quiet that Aragorn had to lean forward to hear it. "I found Dulinai and led her to a small garden, well away from the noise of the festivities. Ithil was full that night, and there was a fountain that caught the silver light. We