Itwas the longest night of the year. Darkness arched in a great bowl over the tiny cluster of houses nestled into the banks of a bend of the Anduin River. A thin film of clouds hid the starlight, but the brilliant moon shone bravely through the mist, echoing its light off the mantle of snow that shrouded the hamlet and fields nearby. At first glance, the burg seemed to have settled into slumber. All of the cottages were dark and shuttered against the cold. Even the hearth fires had been banked and chimneys spewed only tendrils of smoke into the night air. A huge bonfire burned brightly in a sheltered corner of a field, lighting the nearby houses in stark relief. The Midwinter Gather had drawn all the people of the community to the warmth of the blaze. A Gathering was nothing without food. Hunters had scoured the countryside for game and the succulent aroma of meat wafted from the fire, mingling with the spicy sweetness of harvest pies and apple raisin pastries. Potatoes had been tucked into the warm embers near the edge of the fire, and were hissing with steam, occasionally bursting with a bang of white fluffiness when they cooked too quickly. At first the gathering had been marked by the satisfied murmurs of neighbors come to take a rare time of leisure with one another. To mark the end of the year, each brought a small token of something to be released with the closing of the year. Newlyweds brought old shoes to signify the end of their wanderings. Young maidens brought ribbons to say farewell to youth. Empty purses signified the retirement of a debt. As the tokens were brought, they were loudly declared and placed into the fire to burn. After the burning of the old, the singing began and the ale began to flow. Laughter and dance entered the mix. The folk of the village played with the same earnest gusto that they brought to their work in the daytime. With joyful abandon, they pushed back the darkness that stretched at its longest this night. All looked forward to the longer days to come. At some point, the surge of energy, the dancing, the singing and the frolicking wound down. Without a signal given, the people moved great logs into place and sat down on them with subdued anticipation. When all had gathered, there was a hush. Finally, there was the sound of someone whistling, and a tall figure could be seen working his way to the front of the crowd. The storyteller was a long legged gentleman, and as he stepped his way through the villagers, his arms flailed like that of a large bird coming to rest. He came to stand in front of the gathering, and gazed at the people with deep set blue eyes that were both wise and merry. The older children leaned forward, anticipating the story that was to come. Younger children hid their faces, or snuggled into loving arms to give themselves to sleep. "I welcome you," he said at last, when the silence had grown so thick it could almost be touched, "I welcome you most earnestly." He paused, pursing his lips and looked skyward for a moment, "I had a tale in mind for you," he said, "a tasty morsel that would have filled your hearts and minds with visions and dreams." he shook his head, "but I would not weigh you down from the start with such a fancy. No, no, I wanted something else." "And then," he continued, "I thought a grand tale might be the best." He allowed his long arms and thin fingers to reach to the sky, "Yes, a fanciful tale with magic and great flights of imaginings." The storyteller dropped his arms and looked at the crowd and nodded, "Yes, well, perhaps such a journey would be rich for the heart of the evening, but we need, we need to start with something light that tickles the mind and warms the heart." Soberly, the man looked at his feet for a moment, then smiled slowly, almost to himself. "Well, I do have one story to open our evening," he finally said, "It's a small story, a tiny taste, to prepare the way for grander stories later on. This story bears a mark that few of my stories do. It really took place- I swear to you it is a true story. Indeed, it happened to me just this fall." The storyteller leaned forward, as though to pull each member of the audience into his confidence. "I will tell you tonight of the experience I had with a very real elf." The younger people murmured at this folly. They knew, (or thought they knew) that elves were not real. The older folk smiled patiently at the storyteller. The children leaned forward, slack jawed, their eyes bright with anticipation. Without further ado, the storyteller began weaving his craft. "Well, it was like this. I usually don't travel alone, but the group of merchants I had been with for a time were eager to ply their trade in one town while I was wanting to go to another. As it was only a single night in a fairly safe part of the countryside, I felt that there was little danger in staying a night on my own in the wilds. I travelled quickly on foot with my knapsack on my back, and song in my heart. I was anxious not to wait too long to make camp. I'd been given a rabbit as a parting gift from the merchants, and I could almost taste a fine bit of coney stew. When the road took me to a bit of a clearing in the woods, I made haste to set up camp. A few stones for a fire ring, a few leaves gathered under my bedroll, a level place for my pack and I was set. There was even a nearby stream to fill my pot with water. When all was ready, I set about butchering the rabbit for my private feast. I was so absorbed in my work that I almost missed hearing the pitter pad pitter pad of something or someone coming through the forest. Suddenly, the noise grabbed my attention. I grasped my knife tightly. "Who goes there?" I cried, leaping to my feet and swinging the knife slowly side to side. Whatever it was slowed a bit – pad, pad, pad. It came ever closer. I could tell now that it wasn't approaching from the road but from the underbrush of the nearby woods. "Show yourself!" I demanded, for I was getting more and more frightened. The creature slowed its walk, and I could hear it breathing heavily. I knew that if I didn't do something that the creature would likely pounce upon me from its hiding place. But what could I do? Suddenly, I had an idea. Perhaps the animal was intent on taking my meal. I groaned inside to think of giving up my fresh rabbit stew, but I decided it would be small price to pay if the creature could be distracted long enough for me to get away. Slowly, not daring to turn my back to the noise, I retreated to where I had been preparing the rabbit. I grasped the carcass in my right hand and threw it as hard as I could into the shrubbery. I heard a dull thud. There was a moment of silence, and then, then I'll never forget what happened next. "That's done it!" said an angry voice, speaking the same Common Tongue that all of us speak, "Why have you thrown your supper at me?" And right there, into the clearing walked the oddest creature I've ever laid eyes on. He was of slight build, coming only up to my waist in height with curly brown hair and a clean shaven face. At first I thought he was wearing odd boots, but on closer inspection, he was wearing no shoes, he just had the largest, hairiest feet of any creature I've ever seen. I must admit, for the first time in my life, I was absolutely speechless." "You are an odd one," said the strange creature, gazing into my face, "You throw your food about and then stand gaping like a rooster. Can you speak or are you a half-wit?" "I can speak," I stammered, "but who are you?" At that the little man grew wary and sheepish. "I am, well, I am an elf." he declared finally with great bravado. "An elf?" I exclaimed, forgetting my fears with the absurdity of the situation. "You are nothing like an elf!" "Have you ever seen an elf?" demanded the creature. "No," I admitted reluctantly. "Well, there you have it," he said. "If I am telling you that I am an elf and you've never seen one, then who has the right end of the stick on this one? See?" he said after a moment, "I have pointed ears. I'm here in the woods, and I crept most ways up to you before you heard me." He folded his arms across his chest, "Now what do you say to that?" "Why were you sneaking up on me?" I asked, my suspicions aroused again. "Well, to be honest, I haven't had but a small bit to eat today, and I was wondering if you've plans to keep this coney to yourself, or if you'd like to share it. Come to think of it," he said, a grin spreading across his face, "I've a mind to keep this rabbit for myself since you threw it at me in the first place." "You'd take my supper from me?" This was like no elf I'd ever heard of. "Just joking young one," said the elf. "Actually, I was watching you butcher the thing and was thinking that I'd be happy to show you a bit of how to do it." I raised my eyebrows. I've been on my own long enough to fix about any kind of game, but I realized that I didn't want to lose sight of this elf any time soon. Silently I handed the knife over to him. His fingers were short and round, but he held the knife carefully enough. I'd heard that elves were great warriors, and I tried to imagine this little elf aroused for battle. I couldn't quite grasp the image. "Now, here is how you do it," he said, confidently skinning and slicing the coney. He tossed the pieces into the pot. "Where is the rest of the stuff?" "Rest of the stuff?" I asked weakly. I could see the elf growing impatient again. "Yes. You know. The onions, the carrots, the spices and potatoes." The elf peered into my face. "You weren't intending to eat that rabbit plain ?" he demanded. "I, well, I . . . " The look he gave me was a mixture of horror and disgust. "Here. You clean things up a bit and I'll be right back." He handed me the knife and quick as a wink, he disappeared into thin air. Well, it wasn't quite thin air, but he did dive into the underbrush mighty quickly, and I had no clue where he had gone. Dismayed, I sat beside the fire. I had seen an elf, a real elf and I had been too dumfounded to even ask his name. My despair didn't last long, for after only a few minutes there was a shuffling in the bushes and the elf returned. "You're lucky it's near the end of the summer," he said, brushing himself off, "The wild onions are plentiful this year and I found some tubers that will add a lot of flavor to the meal." His face lit with a wide smile, "I even found a few mushrooms." He reached for the knife and before I had a chance to protest, he had sliced