The sky arched blue andwarm over the meadows and woodlands near the village. Its open expanses were marred only by wisps of white clouds and the sporadic flights of sparrows and songbirds. The Celduin River creased the edges of the meadows and terraced grape fields, making a slow wide meander in its course. The quiet of the morning rested lightly upon the land, even the village was quiet, save for the snapping of the laundry as it was put on the line, and the occasional fussing of the chickens as they scratched for their breakfast. The men and older children were rounding out a morning of labor in the vineyards. The very youngest children were napping or slung close to the bodies of their mothers as they worked. Tamara, Dolne and Mika had not yet crossed ten summers. They were not yet old enough to work daily with the vines, but they were far too old to be held. They gathered in a wide nest of tall grass that had been stomped into submission by older siblings. It was Dolne's young voice that disrupted the quiet. "I am so supposed to be the elf!" he cried, stamping his foot for emphasis, "Elves are always boys and I am the boy here. "No, you are wrong," protested Tamara, "My Mam says there are both boys and girl elves, else how could they have babies?" She held a worn rag doll close to her chest. "An elf baby?" echoed Mika, the youngest by several years, her brown eyes growing wide, "Oh, Tamara, wouldn't that be lovely?" Dolne saw the play with his two friends slipping towards another boring game of playing house. "Let me be the elf," he bantered quickly, "Tamara can be the wine mistress and Mika, you can be the mam peering through the curtains." "Can I please hold your baby?" asked Mika her older sister in her most grown up voice. Tamara relented. "I get to wear the lordly coat," Tamara said, pretending to put said article around her shoulders with a flourish. "And I get a pad and quill. And," Tamara said with a grand gesture, I get to hold the tray of golden wine tasting cups." A look of jealousy flickered across Mika's face. "They aren't really gold," she protested. "But they are made of glass." Retorted Tamara firmly. "Dolne, Dolne are you ready?" But Dolne's eyes had turned to something else. He was standing at the edge of the trampled grass looking far across the field to where the road lay. Two figures on horseback could be seen working their way along the road. Even at his young age, Dolne knew the gait of all of the horses in the village, and the magnificent beasts drawing closer were certainly not local. The riders were also markedly different that the sturdy folk of the village. Sunlight gleamed off the golden hair of one, a marked contrast to the dark hair of his companion. "Elves," breathed Dolne. "Tamara, they have come!" From the distance he stood, Dolne could not see the faces of the elvin folk, nor the delighted smile that graced the fairest of them. He could just barely hear their voices tumbling musically into one another as they spoke. Tamara stood behind Dolne and watched the elves approach. "Quickly, Dolne. I know of a way that we can watch the tasting ceremony if you are willing. Mika, you can come too, if you can be quiet." The three scrambled from their nest and took a back way to Tamara and Mika's house which was built snugly behind the tasting parlor. Tamara's mother had just finished hanging the wash on a clothesline strung across the tiny courtyard behind the house. The children paused, waiting for the woman's back to be turned, then scurried inside and up the stairs. "Look here," said Tamara breathlessly as she reached the top of the stairs. She lay on her stomach on the landing. If she was careful she could lift her head and shoulders and peer down into the great room below. "If we are quiet we can see everything that happens, but nobody can see us." "Your mam will see us if she comes this way," protested Dolne, following Tamara's example. "She will be needed as hostess," said Tamara reassuringly. "Here Mika, lie on your belly and set your baby down here." It seemed an eternity before Tamara heard her mam rush into the back door. She could hear the heavy bolt being set into place. There was a pause, then a sturdy knock on the great front door. Tamara heard her father moving in the office, but it was her mam who hurried to the door, adjusting her apron and smoothing her dark hair as she went. The heavy door creaked open slowly. The three children lifted their heads as far as they dared. Mam's figure filled the entrance to the cloak room. "Welcome my lords," said Mam deferentially, moving gracefully through a deep curtsy. "Won't you come in?" The children heard the sounds of welcome and of cloaks being removed. "Set your bows here, " said Mam, "You may leave your other weapons here as well, at your discretion." "Thank you, lady, " said a gentle voice, "my knives rest best where they are." Dolne glanced at Tamara as the great oaken bolt was set across the front door. "Watch," she mouthed to Dolne, hiding her own uneasiness. She had not known that this was to be a private session. Closed tastings were for only the best of her father's customers. Great quantities of wine to be sold meant great riches would be exchanged, and her father went out of his way to secure the house and shop for such occasions. Tamara chewed nervously on her lower lip. It would not go well for her if they were caught. Finally, Mam moved aside, allowing the two elves entrance. The children's eyes widened in amazement at the two graceful figures that moved into the room. They were so tall and beautiful . The one was of fair complexion , with shining hair that shimmered between silver and gold. His eyes travelled around the room as he entered, but did not falter as they skimmed the balcony where the children lay. His eyes sparkled in their blueness, his face held a look of pleasantness, neither a smile nor a frown graced his lips. His tunic was simple, of deep forest green with fine gold filigree tracing graceful patterns along the front and sleeves. The back of the tunic could not be seen, for the elf carried two ivory handled knives in sheaths between his shoulder blades. His companion was no less striking. His hair was darker, though the light filtering in through the glass in the great room windows drew out subtle rainbows of deep blue and red gold within. He did not wear the knives as the first elf did, and his countenance was more open, less guarded. His eyes also traced their way around the room, but his gaze swept along the walls, lined with bottles and bottles of the finest of the Dorwinion wines. A ghost of a smile teased at his mouth, and his gray eyes crinkled with pleasure. It was he who spoke first. "Mae govannen, good day, Amelda. The last twenty years have been kind to you. Your father never did have that son?" "No, Lord Galion," said Mam, lowering her eyes, "Pappy knew I loved the business, so after I married Truste he trained us both to carry on." "You are like your great grandmother in that way," said the elf smiling. Dolne and Tamara looked sharply at one another. It was well known that the elves visited only once every twenty years a month before midsummer, but this elf sounded like he had been here many times before. How old did elves get to be? "I will remind you that I am no lord,' Galion was saying to Mam, "but allow me to present my lord Legolas Thranduilion, Prince of Mirkwood." Mam curtsied again, and Prince Legolas bowed. "Would it please you to be seated?" asked Mam formally, gesturing to two comfortable chairs with a small table between. "Allow me to get you some refreshment and fetch the master." As Galion and Legolas seated themselves, Mam walked to the shelves that lined the side wall of the great room. She took down the rosewood tray and two real glasses. The real glasses were nearly priceless in the community, and only the most valuable customers were invited to drink from them. "What pleases you to begin, my lords?" asked Amelda Galion gave her a dazzling smile. "A small glass of your choosing," he said graciously, then looked at his companion, realizing that the prince should have spoken first. "That will be fine," said Legolas. "Let me offer you a sample of this," suggested Mam, "five years old, and smooth and rich." She filled the two glasses expertly, and quickly assembled a small plate of cheese and bread. That delivered, she left the room. "Decorum dictates that we enjoy this glass of wine in solitude," Galion informed the prince, speaking quietly, "and then Master Truste will arrive to begin the tasting." "Does decorum dictate that we are locked in until we strike a bargain?" asked Legolas, "The thought unsettles me." "Relax, Legolas, I've been here dozens of times. Customs change, but we have always bartered well for the very finest produce of the Dorwinion vineyards. Now take a minute to enjoy this. Sip the wine slowly and let it lace across your tongue." "I've had wine before, Galion," protested Legolas, "But a wine tasting is an amazing experience. First you must swirl the wine a bit and hold the glass to the light thus to see if there be any offending sediment in it. You inhale the air above the wine so, to savor and determine the nuances of the aroma, and to prepare your tongue for the experience of tasting. Then you sip, allowing the sweetness of the wine to find the tip of your tongue, and the fruitiness to be found along the ridges or sides of the tongue. Then you –" "This is obviously your expertise and not mine," countered Legolas dryly, "I shall be glad to follow your lead, Lord Galion." Both elves chuckled at the title. Galion was wine steward of the Halls of the Elvenking in Mirkwood and had no aspirations to be lord of anything. "With luck we will conclude negotiations in a single session. I do not mind visiting the world of Men for a short time, but I will be glad to see this done and turn our sights homeward." "I'm afraid I don't share your aversion to Men," sighed Galion, who had hoped for several days of sampling Dorwin's finest. Legolas smiled ruefully, "I harbor no ill will, Galion, but I agree with my father when I say that they are a temperamental lot, and are best kept at a distance." The children watched the conversation with rapt attention, drawn to the beauty of the tone and cadence. "I like the music of their language," whispered Dolne as quietly as he could. "The fair one doesn't look very happy," commented Tamara in response. "They didn't bring a baby," sighed Marta, not to be left out. There was a stirring in the hallway, and the children quieted. Truste entered, followed by his wife. He was indeed wearing the lordly coat, a beautiful but ancient article of finely spun wool. Its dark bodice was trimmed with silver piping, and several buttons made of silver graced the front. Truste was a little tall for the coat, but Tamara thought that he looked quite fine in it. She was proud of her Pappy, and eager to see how he would ply his trade. It would take many words and much time to record all that transpired over the