A/N: This is a project, co-written with Nicole. It's part of a series. We have written for a lot of the wolves, so let us know what you think, and who else you may want to see and we'll post them on up eventually. :) NESSIE It hurt. So bad. I felt like I was spiraling out of control, down and down, into a never ending black hole. I pulled my legs up to my chest as another sob escaped me. I felt my mother's cold hand on my back, trying to soothe me. But I didn't want it. It didn't help. My mind was all consumed with the fact that he didn't want me. "Don't," I whispered to her, moving my shoulder to shake her off. I felt so inadequate right now. He broke up with me. He told me he didn't love me. He told me he'd been cheating on me for the past month with the bleached blonde tramp Monica. I hated them both. Though I suppose it wasn't completely fair to hate him for not loving me. I know that I said it to him. But I'm not sure that I ever truly felt it. And either way the pain of rejection stung. Like Mike had said, I'd always felt something for someone else. Someone that I was sure couldn't return those feelings. He'd watched me grow up. He cared for me when I was a baby. There's no way that he could be in love with me. The sobs subsided to silent tears as I thought about my Jacob. But like I said, he saw me as a child. He could never feel the same for me. And Mike didn't feel anything for me either. Would anyone ever love me? My mom tried to get me to talk to her about it again and I shook my head. "I just want to be alone, right now." Bella seemed upset with my answer, but she begrudgingly left me to my misery. When it had been hours and nothing had changed, I hadn't even spoken to them what had happened, I felt the tension actually permeating the air, taking over the house. They were beyond worried, which was proven by the fact that my dad seemed to finally say. "Call Jacob." Jacob, since his imprint on me had never needed an invitation to come over. He was always welcome because of the affection I held for him. But he had never actually been formally invited. And I couldn't say that I wasn't glad that he was coming. If I was going to talk to anyone, I wanted it to be him. He was like sunshine. He was warm. And caring. And comforting. I could trust him with anything, even the insecure ramblings of a dumped teenage girl. I felt like I could keep the pieces of me held together until he got here. JACOB Wiping the sweat off my brow, I stand back and look down at the engine. That should've done it. For some reason, I'd been feeling restless all day and had decided to tinker around in the garage to occupy myself, but somehow it wasn't working. My nerves were still on edge, I just couldn't place why. Just as I'm about to hop in and test my work, my ears pick up the sound of the phone ringing inside. Immediately I drop everything and rush in to pick it up. It's Bella. My heart stops for a moment as the first thing that jumps into my mind is Nessie. At first I'm terrified that something had happened to her, that that was the reason why I'd been feeling so off all day. Why hadn't I picked up on my instinct instead of letting it wait? So when Bella explains about the whole deal with Mike, I feel relief flooding over me. We can deal with that. The very next instant, though, the very same relief is replaced by anger towards that jerk, and pain on my Nessie's behalf. "Say no more, Bells, I'll be right over." Within fifteen, I'm at their place and practically charging in to see her. It still feels awkward at times, being around the bloodsuckers, but with Nessie here that feeling's always overshadowed by the aura of ease and serenity that she casts over everyone. Right now, though, that aura is distorted and all I want to do is get to her as quickly as I can. "We didn't know what else to do-" Bella begins, but I raise a hand to stop her. "Thanks for calling me," I tell her sincerely. For an instant, we exchange a look of understanding. Then she nods and before I know it, I'm upstairs knocking on Nessie's door. "Ness?" I call worriedly. "Nessie, it's me. Can I come in?" NESSIE It's him! He's here! He actually came! Of course he came I chastise myself for ever doubting it. But then again he is a grown man. He has more important things to worry about than the drama of a child. I know I'm his imprint. But sometimes I feel like one day he might wake up and realize that there's more important things in the world than me. I mean he can't have that much of a life outside of me. I see him practically everyday. He even has his patrols scheduled around the times that he can see me. But still one day something has to be more important than helping a half breed kind of teenager navigate life. But his mere presence has some of the tension leaving my body and has me feeling a bit better already. "Of course," I call to him, my voice still full of tears. I don't want to seem so silly in front of him. Crying over a boy I'm not sure I even loved. But I can't stop myself. It still hurts too much. I wipe at my eyes all the same and try to look more composed though I can't seem to see fit to pull myself even into a sitting position. I'm still lying on my side. And as he pushes the door open I avoid his eyes slightly. "Thanks," I say to him, "For being here." I want to make sure that he knows how much his support truly means to me. His support is what makes me who I am. Without him I wouldn't be half as strong or brave as I am. My life wouldn't be rich. When he's in it, I feel like I could have anything I ever wanted. Like I could accomplish anything. Like I could even fly. I loved him. I gestured for him to join me. I wanted him to wrap me in his arms. I wanted him to hold me. And then I could tell him about all the horrible things that had happened today. JACOB I'm relieved to hear her voice. At least she's talking - that's a good sign. When I open the door, I feel my heart constrict at the sight of her curled up on the bed, her beautiful eyes looking puffy, her smooth cheeks streaked with tears. She thanks me but all I can do is shake my head. Where else would I be when I live and breathe for her? "You know I'll always be here." It does of course make me glad to know that she wants me by her side. Ordinarily, it would sting just a little because I know that she wants me here as her best friend and nothing more. But right now I'm not feeling that. I'm just happy that she trusts me and that she knows she can rely on me to be there for her no matter what. In two long strides, I'm at the bed looking down at her. She seems to be avoiding my gaze somewhat, but not in a manner that says she wants me to go away. Carefully, I sit down beside her before gently pulling her up against me. Then, leaning back against the headboard, I tighten my hold on her and plant a kiss on her temple. "Do you want to talk about it?" I ask tentatively while stroking her hair. I want to know exactly what happened, but I also know that she's hurting and that this must be hard for her. There have never been secrets between us, but I've always left it up to her to open up to me at her own pace, and that still applies. As long as she knows I'll always listen. NESSIE "You know I'll always be here." His words wash over me. And they are spoken with such sincerity and care that I can't doubt their truth. Jacob will always be here. He was there to dry my tears when I realized Barbie's hair wouldn't grow back after I cut it. He was there to dry my tears when I got my first injury while tree climbing. And I wanted to pretend that I knew that he would be drying my tears for years to come. Maybe at our wedding. But I didn't need to get ahead of myself. He didn't even harbor those feelings for me. He moved over to me and scooped me up into his arms, pulling me into his arms and I pressed as close to him as I could. His arms held me tightly, wrapping me in warmth. I felt safe. When I was in Jake's arms, nothing could hurt me. I breathed deeply taking in his scent. It was a mix of the salt water and surf of the beach and the woods that he spent so much time running through. Two of the best smells in the world. I lay there in silence for a long time, even after he asked me if I wanted to talk about it. When I felt like I had been put at as much ease as I would obtain right now, I nodded against his chest, not pulling away from him, allowing myself to imagine that his hold on me meant more than it did. What to say first? "Today was awful," I murmured into his chest, not worrying about his being able to hear me, I knew his wolf ears would pick it all up. "Mike broke up with me," I told him, though I was sure that he already knew that. "He said..." I trailed off, lacking the ability to say the rest of it. I took a deep breath. I had to be strong. "He said..." I tried again and hated myself for not having the words. Now Jake would think I was in love with Mike. And I wasn't really. Not the same way that I loved Jake. I reached up and touched his cheek, allowing him to simply see it coming from me, using my vampire ability. It was sunny outside, at school. It was lunch time and Mike and I were sitting on a picnic table together. I leaned up to kiss him and while he let me, that's exactly what it felt like, like he was letting me. And when I pulled away with questioning eyes, he let out a sigh, giving a glance in the opposite direction. "Ren, we need to talk." I'd always hated this nickname, but I had never wanted to share my family's, more importantly, Jacob's nickname, for me, with him. "What's up?" I asked, not ever expecting what came next. "I've been thinking about this for a while," he started and glanced away again. I followed his gaze. My eyes fell on Monica. What did she have to do with this? "I just didn't know how to say it. I didn't want to hurt you." he paused. "I guess there's no good time and no good way." And then he was completely blunt, as if I had no feelings. "I don't think we should be together anymore. I'm in love