A/N: So this is the possibly much awaited Paul and Rachel story that goes along with our other story about Nessie and Jake. They take place in the same universe. One which we affectionately call the Bound Together Series. Once we start posting more of the stories, you'll likely see that in the summaries. We hope you enjoy it! PAUL Sometimes you think you're having an ordinary day. Like you go to school, you morph into a big wolf during lunch to cover your patrol shift, you phase back and finish the school day, make out with that girl in your English class out in the woods because she thinks it's dangerous and danger turns her on and because you know it's safe. Anywhere for me is pretty much safe these days, though, like I said, I turn into a giant wolf. The only thing I really have to fear is getting ganged up on by too many vampires. And that hasn't happened yet, not even when we fought the war with the newborns. So, anyway, like I said, you can pull into a gas station, thinking you're having a normal day. You get out. You fill the gas tank. You're about to walk away...and then it happens. The one thing I can't stop. The second thing I fear, the one thing I should have been smart enough to fear before it happened. As I put the gas pump back I hear an aggravated sigh. I smirk. Someone's not having a good day. I on the other hand, have had an excellent day as visions of English girl dance through my head. A very good day. And then I hear sniffling. Like that person's crying. Okay, so gas prices are high but that's not really a reason to have a meltdown. I can't resist casting a glance over my shoulder. And that's when it happens, when I see her. Everything disappears, I don't hear the cars passing on the road nearby, I don't even see the gas station around me. All there is is her and the water pooling in her eyes that she's battling with to not let go. I feel tied to her, tethered to her. She is my everything. It's happened. Why the fuck did I have to go and imprint! And why on someone so perfect. I wasn't made for this. For love. For doing the right thing. For being the hero. I messed up everything with my big mouth and quick temper, so how was I going to fix her? She sniffled again and I immediately felt the pull. As I continued to gaze at her long silky hair, the curves of her body, my mind racing far ahead of itself as I thought of the two of us together, naked, of her rasping out my name breathlessly, as I watched, every sniff put a crack in my heart. And I came back to reality. She wasn't panting my name, like my mind desperately imagined that she was, she was upset. And I was supposed to help her. Somehow. I pondered how as I put the gas cap back on, fiddling a little longer to think, but I was no closer to any real solution. But I couldn't keep away any longer, the pull was undeniable, as was the desire to touch her, be close to her. So while my eyes were still taking in her every feature, my feet were carrying me forward, forward. And now I was at her side. What was I supposed to say? I clenched my fists and unclenched them to keep from impulsively touching her hair, the skin on her cheek, her neck, grabbing her butt. None of that would be smooth. She behaved as if I weren't there, trying another credit card in the machine. When the words "Not Approved" flashed across the screen, I realized the problem. And I didn't have a lot of money. A monthly allowance, a part time job that I was rapidly losing time for because of pack responsibilities, but I could surely put gas in her car. That was easy. An easy fix. I look at her, full on, and I feel something in me shatter. She looks completely grief stricken, depressed, frustrated, embarrassed. "Don't cry, please," I say to her in a quiet tone that I previously had no idea that I even possessed. I just wanted to know she would be okay. Before she could respond, I pulled out my bank card and swiped it for her, then I grabbed the pump, removing the gas cap and beginning to pump gas into her tank for her. I guess sometimes, even I, Paul, king of screw-ups, can be a hero. RACHEL Okay. Get home. Take a shower. Do the laundry. Fix dinner. I make a mental list of what I've got to do when I get home. I roll my eyes at myself as I realise how I seem to have slipped into this dull routine of domestic life lately, something I've always known I'd never want. The whole floor-scrubbing, cookie-baking deal that Rebecca's happy to settle for. I've always wanted to make something of myself, not have to depend on anybody, not have to pick up after anybody. But here I am driving home from work, thinking about what to cook tonight. Work being standing behind the cash register at the supermarket. Funny how they told me that my college qualifications would actually be worth something when I got out. I guess they lied. I give a yawn as I pull into the gas station. Somehow it already feels like it's been a long day. I've been feeling so tired lately, stressing out about how to make things work at home. With Dad, with Jake. With keeping things together. And keeping us out of debt. Maybe I should take a nap first when I get home, worry about it all later. Yeah, I think that's what I'll do. Right after I fill up the tank, because I'm running low. And then all thoughts of sleep vanish in a wisp of smoke as my credit card gets its response from the machine. Apparently I'm not allowed to worry about it later. "Come on, please don't do this to me," I mutter under my breath, shifting the weight between my feet as I swipe again. Not Approved. Again. Not Approved. I feel the panic start to rise in my chest as I try to ignore the tears stinging the back of my eyes. Not Approved. This can't be happening. I knew we were having problems, but now I can't even pay for gas . I chew on my lip as I reach into my wallet. I've got a back-up. It should be okay, I tell myself. No need to get ahead of myself. Things can't be this– Not Approved. …bad. Apparently they can. Apparently they can get worse. As I feel the first tears start to slide, I realise that someone's come to stand beside me. I thought it was one of the attendants or something, but when I look up it's pretty obvious that he's not. He asks me not to cry, his voice so gentle that it makes me want to cry even more, I'm so embarrassed. And then he does something completely unexpected. He swipes his card through the machine, grabs the pump, and starts filling up my tank. I stare at him wide-eyed, stunned. For a long moment, I just stand there not knowing what to say. Did I just get myself into so much trouble that I've actually resorted to imagining a kind, handsome stranger coming to my rescue? "I…" I'm at a loss for words. I wipe my damp cheeks with the back of my hands and start over. "I…" Nothing. This is embarrassing. "You… you didn't have to do that…" PAUL For a moment as she watches me begin to pump her gas, she looks like she might cry more. Crap! Even when I think I'm doing something right, I'm doing something wrong. All I did was help her, but she looks closer to tears now than she did before. Please don't cry more, I silently plead with her, unaware that the look in my eyes is pleading for her to be okay too. When it dawns on me, I realize I must look like a loser. A loser in love with a stranger. And I tear my eyes away from her to look down at the asphalt. I stare at it, memorizing the oil and gas stains as if my life would later depend on that knowledge. I couldn't risk looking at her again. And looking once again like a loser in love with a stranger. Even if it was the truth. How would I possibly explain it to her? Oh, yeah, by the way, you're forever bound to me, whether you like it or not, because of some magic, because I'm a big giant wolf when I wanna be. And why the hell would someone as beautiful and perfect as her want to be bound to me? I don't know the first thing about how to love something. How do I love her? How do I make her happy? It's just not in my nature. And then her reason for wanting to cry deeper becomes apparent. She's nervous. And probably thinks that I'm loco for doing this. We are after all, like I said, strangers. She doesn't know me from Adam. And I don't know her from Eve. Other than the fact that I crave to be near to her. I crave to touch her, to hold her, to wipe her tears away, to comfort her somehow. But I'm not really good with that sort of thing, unless you want physical comfort. I'm not big on emotions, and even less big on talking about them. But she looks about to break so I say to her, again in that gentle voice I didn't know I possessed, "Don't worry about it." Then my eyes are directed back to the ground and I can't help but scowl at the seeming inability I had to even control my own tone of voice around her. Not that I wanted to talk harshly to her, but this tone made my voice sound foreign to me. Not that I wanted to raise my voice, especially not right now, when she looked so fragile, like glass. I couldn't be the one responsible for breaking her, shattering her into a million pieces. And I would seriously kill anyone who ever did. Then she said that I didn't have to and I spoke, somewhere between a murmur and a mumble. "Yes, I did." And I did. I had to help her. I had to be there when she needed me. RACHEL In the gentlest, sweetest tone he tells me not to worry about it, and it almost seems like a voice that doesn't suit his strong, sturdy frame, yet at the same time I find it having a surprisingly calming effect on me. As if I really don't have to worry about it, even though clearly I haven't been worrying about it enough. But as I watch him, still rather dumbfounded, I notice the way his eyes lower to ground, the way the muscles of his jaw seem to tighten and his lips press together in a hard line. I don't know what to make of that. Just a moment ago he seemed so kind, and I mean, he must be, considering he's standing there filling up my tank for me like he's got some kind of obligation to do it. And then I hear him say something. It's barely audible and I wonder if I'm hearing it right. He says he did, in response to what I said, but he says it in a way that makes me rather confused. It somehow sounds like he's hovering between doing it wholeheartedly and