This was my entry for the Age of Edward 2013 Contest and won as Judges Choice by NKubie and runner up Judges Choice by Plummy. Thank you to everyone involved in the contest and those who read, reviewed, and voted for ALL of the entries! It was a tough competition! This version is a little longer than the one in the contest, I was over the word count and had to trim it down. Thanks and love to AngelaRaex for betaing. TwiFanfictionRecs made my gorgeous banner for the contest (She's the best!)! If you add dot com to the end of her penname, you'll get the full website. Tons of recs! :o) Special shout out to Evilangel6714 for her review in the contest letting me know she's descended from survivors of Clan MacDonald of Glen Coe. Your review left me stunned and humbled to have you read this story. I'm so glad you enjoyed it. Thank you! Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Glen Coe, Scotland February 2, 1692 A knock rang out at the door, startling Isabella from her thoughts of the last letter she'd received from the man who'd stolen her heart. Who would be at the door in the middle of the afternoon? She set aside her sewing and rose from her chair by the dwindling fire. Crossing the packed dirt floor of the large main room, she straightened her stay and bodice, ensuring the ring brooch pinning her plaid was secure. Isabella braced herself for the biting cold of the Highland's winter as she opened the door. "Good morrow, Guidwife Swan. Is yer father or mother at home?" Isabella blinked at the officers crowded in the doorway. Anxiousness filled her belly at the sight. Why were soldiers at her door? Were the rumors of the Laird's late pledge to the King true? Was the King retaliating due to his tardiness? "N-Nay, sir. My father is working at his smithy and my mother is with the McCarty family until the babe is born." She swallowed and wondered if she should have said less. "May I be of service?" "Aye, ye can. I am Captain Campbell of the Earl of Argyll's Regiment of Foot and am in need of billeting for my men. We've been stationed here and the fort is full. I am beseeching the homes under the MacDonald clan to shelter them." A silent puff of air left her lungs. Billeting a soldier? Isabella twisted her hands together, her brow furrowing. She knew her mother would be mortified to find she hadn't extended the Highland hospitality she'd been raised with, but it would appear unseemly to welcome a man into the house as an unmarried daughter. Suddenly, a head of bronze hair bobbed and shined briefly in the bleak, winter sunlight and her breath caught. All thoughts of propriety flew from her head. "Of course we are happy to aid ye," she hastily replied, her gaze firmly fixed on the temptation at her doorstep. "Which of yer men will be housed with us?" She asked and schooled her expression to avoid tipping off the Captain. "Lieutenant Cullen. I believe he is familiar with the town as he was here a winter ago. He should give ye no trouble at all, and if he does, come straight to me, bonny lass." Isabella blushed at his words and dropped her gaze. "Thank you, sir. Lieutenant Cullen is quite welcome here." With a perfunctory nod of his balding brown head, Captain Campbell roused his men and carried on to the next home. A straight-faced Lieutenant Cullen stood at attention in her entry. "Please come in, Lieutenant. I'm sure ye'd enjoy a reprieve from the bitterness outside." Isabella gestured with one arm as he stepped past her. She shut the door and turned to face the handsome officer only to be swept up in his strong arms. "Bella," he reverently whispered into her long, chestnut hair. A rather un-ladylike peal of happy laughter fell from her lips as she clasped her hands around his neck. "Edward, thou are back!" He leaned back and she let her doe eyes drift hungrily over his features. His crooked grin and sparkling green eyes caused her heart to flutter like a sparrow in her chest. She'd not seen him in nigh over a year. She was thrilled to her toes to have her love with her again. Their relationship had sparked after a chance meeting at the village alehouse when she and her parents had taken a rare noon meal there during his last tour. After subtle pursuit from Edward and a few secret rendezvous, the couple had covertly been exchanging letters through a trusted companion of Edward's ever since. Isabella's heart felt ready to burst with love at the fine sight of him. Edward glanced quickly at the door and then back at his ladylove. She was so enticing with her dark hair cascading in waves over her shoulders, soft brown eyes glowing at him, and her full pink lips parted slightly. With a stifled groan, he cupped her jaw with one hand and captured her sweet mouth. Isabella's hands fell to his chest and she leaned into his kiss. Together, their lips slid and caressed over the other's, eliciting a breathy sigh from Isabella. Edward rested his forehead to hers before he was carried away by her innocent charms. Isabella languidly lifted her lids. "I dinnae ken when I would see thee again. How long will ye stay this time, Edward?" She bit her lower lip, afraid of the answer. "I cannae say. Our orders havenae come through, but we are thinking it's the Cess tax. As long as that takes, I suppose." Isabella nodded and reluctantly stepped away from his embrace. "We shall have to make use of our time together while we have it. My Da should arrive home soon, though." "Of course. I should like to stay in his good graces." Edward's deep timbre caused a shiver to dance down Isabella's spine. He rocked on his boots and clasped his hands behind him to keep from reaching out to her sweet silhouette again. "Perhaps I could be useful and replenish the wood for the fire." "Yes. I am certain Da would appreciate yer aid." She glanced up at him once more, warmth blossoming in her chest. She could scarcely believe the vision in front of her. Her love was truly here! "Edward?" "Sweeting?" he answered and her lips twitched up at the endearment. "I am mending a few things, have thee any need of it?" She wanted nothing more than to be able to give something, no matter how small, to her Edward. To provide a task traditionally reserved for a wife. His grin was wide and joyful. "Aye, Bella. That would be grand. I have two breeches and a leine in need of repair. Is that asking too much of ye?" She shook her head with a glow to her cheeks. "I'm glad to be of help." Edward rifled through his sack and she held out her hands to take the pants and shirt from him. "I shall have these fixed swiftly, in case…" her voice faltered and she swallowed down her tears. "In case ye are called away soon." "I thank thee, mo gràdhach ." His beloved? Isabella was surged through with love and she pressed her lips as well as her body to his. Edward's arms held her securely as she melted under the fire of his kiss. Her body responded in ways she'd never felt before meeting Edward, but Isabella welcomed the lustful sensations he incited. Her breasts felt heavy and full, nipples tingling and pert. Her skin was flushed with desire and between her legs the most delicious aching bloomed there. When his tongue traced the line of her lips she gasped. Edward took advantage of the opening and in a bold move, slid his tongue into her mouth. Isabella gave a wanton moan while their tongues learned one anothers texture and taste. Their very few stolen kisses before has been chaste and brief, Isabella never imagined the possibilities kissing could hold. But now, oh, how she yearned for this moment to last forever. She craved to explore the sinful urges scorching between them. Of its own volition, her soft female body rubbed along his hard male one. With a deep inhale, Edward pulled away and made a small gap between them. "I am sorry, Bella. I forgot myself and acted abhorrently. Please forgive me," he asked in roughened voice. Isabella blinked rapidly, attempting to clear her thoughts of the hazy passion muddling them. "There is nothing to forgive." She paused, butterflies swooping in her stomach as she gathered her courage to tell him the words she knew in her heart to true. "I love thee, Edward. I am yers." Isabella spoke in a voice barely heard above the winter wind outside. Edward crushed her to him, lips and tongues dancing together once more. All too soon for Isabella, he stepped back. He cradled her face in his hands, "I love thee, too, my Bella." His eyes held such adoration that Isabella was overwhelmed by the onslaught of emotions. She was helpless to stop the happy tears that traced her cheeks and he kissed them away. After a deep sigh, Isabella brushed her hands across her skirts to straighten them. "We should take care, Da will arrive any moment." "Aye. Ye are right, sweeting. I will busy myself with the firewood. Is there any other chore ye need of me?" He ran a hand through his disheveled hair and attempted to regain his composure. "Nay, Edward. Thou have given me all I could ever ask." He ducked his head at her warm words and stepped out into the blustery weather and Isabella hurried back to her chair and mending. No sooner had five minutes passed, than Isabella's father burst through the door, stomping his snow covered boots in the entry. "Evening, daughter mine. I see Captain Campbell has been here. I'd heard talk of his men being in need of shelter." He nodded his head out to where Edward was hard at work, splitting logs to keep the hearth burning throughout the night. "Aye, Da. Lieutenant Cullen has been placed with us. He offered his aid in exchange for our hospitality. I thought wood for the fire best." Isabella answered without looking up from her sewing. She did not dare meet her father's eyes for fear he would see her feelings plainly on display. Charles grunted his agreement and turned back outside to approach Edward. Isabella had completed the small rip in one set of breeches and was now mending Edward's second pair. With a content smile on her lips, she placed the pants back on her pile and checked the hearty turnip and venison stew bubbling in a deep pot over the flames. Deeming it ready, she rose and stuck her head out the door. She spied her father and her love in a heavy conversation and hesitated if she should interrupt. Not wanting either man to put off quashing their hunger, she called aloud. "Good sirs! Supper is awaiting thee. Come in out of the cold." ~~MUT~~ The Swan family counted themselves very fortunate indeed. They owned their house, surrounding land, as well as the smithy. The family was by no means wealthy, but none had ever gone to bed hungry and Isabella's parents had a bedroom with true walls to separate them from the rest of the home. Isabella herself had cloth-covered frames to partition off her sleeping quarters. Long after supper had been eaten and Charles taken to bed, Isabella laid on her own bed her mind whirling with thoughts of Edward and the sensations he caused in her. She fleetingly wondered if this was what her closest and newly married friend, Katie, had told her about in hushed