My birth name is Princess Leandra Theresa Maya Flavia Prima of the House Wessos, at the age of twelve, I was crowned Queen Maya the first of Wessos that was nearly 3000 years ago. Wessos was a kingdom in a part of what is now known as Latin America. This is the story how I became who I am.. I woke up in a dark place with an odd smell, infect I could see again and my hearing was better than ever. I saw the different shades of blake in this place, I heard flowing water and smell different flavor but didn't know what they represent. The last thing I could remember was telling my lady in waiting to run because a beast in men's clothing with blood lust stood before us, the girl ran and the beast attacked me. Now that I remembered I checked if I could harm myself and discovered that I could not. I am a vampire! After that, I realized I had to get out of this place and go back to my castle so I searched for a way out. A few minutes crawling around the floor I found a way out, there was a wooden door, without my inhuman strength I probably couldn't have opened it but I could so I crawled out of it. Behind the door, I realized I was still in the secret passageways I was attacked in and loved to explore in my childhood when I was still a princess of Wessos and not the Queen. So I searched for a sign I made at the walls for orientation. I searched and searched and finally I found one it told me I had to go straight that way to end in my chambers. After a short period of time, a guard of mine appeared before me. He greeted me with "my queen" and a fist to his chest then continued saying:"I am so glad to finally found you, the whole palace is worried and quietly on the search for you !" His blood was so tempting for me that I almost attacked him but I was a better recall and asked the guard:" Guard, how long have I been gone and what does everyone think happened?" The guard answered quickly with:" It has been three moons and today would be the fourth sun! We thought you were dead because your lady said you were attacked and she and you ran but he caught you!" Now that I had my answers I drank his blood, then like nothing happened I continued walking. After what felt like a long period of time because I walked with human speed I finally reached the end of the tunnel and the entrance to my chambers. I looked at my cloth tried to fix my dress and positioned my crown then I took a deep breath held it and walked through the door. Behind the door where two guards and two of my ladies. My Ladies ran towards me wanted to hug me then were reminded that I was their queen and curtsied me, then they saw my dress. Meanwhile, the guards greeted me formally and wanted to know what happened. While I told the story that I and my lady were attacked, after the attack I woke up and found a sign in the tunnel that signaled me where to go and crawled my way into my chambers because I am not to suppose see. I lost my sight after my coronation as a liquid was thrown into my eyes by an assassin. They then asked me if a guard had come to me, I lied and asked which guard. After that I reminded the guards that they belong before my chambers, the ladies undressed me and then dressed me in a new dress for the first time in 10 seasons,nowadays it would be 5 years, I saw the colours of my cloth and I didn't quite like them, but I couldn't tell them because if I tell them they would get suspicious even if I am a god come down to rule them. After the ladies painted my body in a typical Wessos way, in green and red, the guards announced my husband, Prince Allin. I did not want to see him but knew that I had to because it was time for our weekly private meeting. My husband, Prince Allin, comes from a common rich family with political power and ties to other countries, my father arranged this marriage for different reasons. He is a counselor and father to our only living child, Prince Malachi. They told me he looked like my uncle in his best years, black skin, green eyes, brown hairs, a lot of muscles and shorter than me, I am 1.65 meters high. Today I would see if they told me the truth so I told the ladies to go to their rooms until I call for them and to let my husband in on their way out. I sat down in my chair on our meal table and waited for him. A few seconds after I placed myself like I still couldn't see, Allin came in and sat down at the other side of the table then asked :" my queen, is everything alright, can I help you, do you want to talk ..."he wanted to ask more but I told him to be quiet. I prepared myself for a few seconds then I stood up and wanted to walk to him, he wanted to help I then thought sit there still and he did not move so I walked without any help or struggle to him. You could see surprise on his face but he did not speak, something new from him normally he can't stop talking. He only opened his mouth and moved it but no words came out so I asked if he could not speak he nodded. Therefore I called for our medicine man and he couldn't do anything especially Because Allin couldn't move to follow him to his holy room so I told the medicine man to leave these rooms and I tried my secret magic, because all females in my mother's family have magical powers, but no one is allowed to know but I had to save my husband and thus my crown. My magic also failed and so I told him that I am sorry but I have to tell everyone he is behind the attack and I will imprison but not kill him, his guilt is proven by his current condition than I told the guards exactly that and they carried him away to his cell. The next day I called for a special sacrifice to me,their goodness, to please me. The sacrifice built up was thusly: 1.I walk only in a red dress towards the highest point of the temple,my home 2.I choose a sacrifice from selection of criminals sacrifice will be bound on a sacrifice table will get cuts so I bleeds blood will be flow into cups 6.I drink the cups empty the sacrifice is dead it will be brought to my rooms with bandages over the cuts the rooms, I provide with him as I like maybe he dies maybe not Because of this so-called ritual, my hunger is gone. In my rooms I waited for him, the sun was not even at it's highest point. In between the last day and now, I realized that I might have new magic due to my vampirism so I decided to test it on the sacrifice. I first ordered him with my voice to tell me his deepest desire, he followed the order. Then I did a few other commands, he followed them also. Because I noticed that my husband still could not move I tried thinking the commands, after a long time, it was dark, it finally worked and in the morning the day after the next I had it under control, my last command for the training to the sacrifice to get my ladies and that he should come back with his love of his life to me in a week for final punishment. His final punishment was that he and she were imprisoned till death do them part and the other was free to go. A season later, reunited with my husband whom I had under my thumb due to my powers, I learned what else I could do. I could walk through someone's mind and manipulate everything in it for example feelings memories or abilities. A few seasons after that my husband died and I acted like I did too so my now married soldier son can rule Wessos. I left Wessos to travel the known world. I soon settled down in the jungle, where I became the founder and goodness for a female soldier tribe which got pregnant by stealing men who came near the tribal land, sacrificed them to me, I then broke their will and made them slaves who got the tribe pregnant. Male babies were also sacrificed to me, I abandoned them in one of the near villages. I got my blood from the slaves by cutting their body, draining the blood in a cup and drinking it without killing or changing the donor. While I was the tribe I learned to fight, assess an enemy, learn tactics and jungle survival. After a dozens or season, I left the tribe due north. I became a nomad not living more than few seasons in one place, I studied mostly the place´s culture and looked if a medicine man could teach me something and if so I invaded his mind and compelled him to teach me his teachings. Many people thought I was a god due to my sparkling, I attracted attention with it so I learned to disguise myself magic. Years went by and still I missed my home so I went back only to find that there was no one, first I thought I remembered wrong so I ask a local tribesman who told me they went due west to find new grounds seasons ago so I followed their way. A season later I found my tribe who was by now a flourish civilization ruled by Queen Rachel and King Mayo, he was the last of my line after a succession war between his father and uncles has no brothers and sisters. I wanted to visit them but I couldn't well explain myself, this is my great-grandson so I couldn't well be still alive so I moved on back north. Again hundred seasons went by. I reached the tribe of the Inuit and settled down so I was as far away as I could from my former home. I thought them better self-defence as a quid pro quo they taught me how to survive in the cold, I knew that I didn't need it but my brain absorbed new things like a sponge, and how to swim. So the years went by, I was a Nomad. I walked around my known world, learned a few things along the way even 100 tribal languages,sometimes I learned some a couple of times because of changes in speaking over time. Sometimes I drank human blood if I found a battlefield otherwise I survived with animal blood. Than the Europeans came, around that time I was in the area where I was born. At first, they appeared nice but that soon changed! My people were enslaved and killed, I decided to do something about it. Because I didn't know how else I first learned their language than I listened to it and killed the leaders but it didn't help the slavery went on and they moved further, in every direction they could until they couldn't. I even tried to use my magic on them it did not help either in a big way so I decided to walk back north. Since arrivals came more