Disclaimer : I do not own Harry Potter, nor any of the characters. Warnings und Cetera : Slytherin Ginny AU, Hogwarts Era, ratings will waver. . prologue Trust was never a word that could come easily to her. Growing up nearly suffocating in a home where she could barely get an hour to herself alone, secrets would never even try to be kept. She never would've thought she'd be blessed with the solitude of a warm summer night; b ut right then, during the last weekend of June, draped in a heated cloak with the tip of her toes dangling into the deep, cool water of the great lake – hands held by two contrasting larger ones, she could only squeeze back in reassurance. The girl brought herself away from the grip. Her flaming crimson hair shone closer to gentle violet during the evening moonlight. She stuck her little finger out, spreading out a grin and whispering a promise underneath the night sky. Maybe she couldn't bring herself to trust years before – but now, maybe, she wasn't so sure. . Five nights later she found herself spread across his bed while the blond scrambled across the room, throwing needed necessities into a bag and hissing every now and then between gasps of air. He didn't hesitate to grab hold of her arm and heave the girl to her feet, wand already drawn at the ready. A crackle of lightning and the grumble of a storm reached beyond the distance, but almost all she could hear was the quiet ticking of time. "We're leaving. Now." Their black-haired companion looked bewildered in the doorway with his own trunk lying at his feet and entire form trembling,, dust over his hair and cheeks matted in blood, skin no longer similar to that perfect golden complexion and seeming more pale than any summers' lack of sun was worth; that didn't keep him from following suit, holding onto the other half of her body to support the weight. "No time to explain – go, we've got to go.. Gin?" She broke her gaze away from the grandfather clock. Her body stiffened at the mention of her name and she managed only one last lingering look outside the window, through the rain and the clouds, catching sight over a flare of green bursting through the twilight sky before the witch turned away with her own wand shaking in her palms. "Yeah – sorry, let's get a move on." . draco dormiens nunquam titillandus . . . . . Wafts of warm steam emit into the air. The flesh of her cheeks heat up to a gentle crimson; a shade almost the same hue as the red locks that cascade below her waist and fall into perfect, unruly ginger curls. Absent fingers dig loosely into the cold metal of her trolley while twin pools of hazel flit around the entire scene as she tries to truly register it– everything – inside her head. She could hear her mother droning on about the rules they oughtn't break and how her older brothers should keep a firm eye on her. Promise to send an owl home every week, don't get up to any nonsense or stir anything worthy of being sent a howler, Ginny, make some friends, won't you dear– More or less, she'd practically drowned out the entire speech and let it fall on deaf ears. Instead, the witch tried her best to contend herself from jumping off the platform. It was finally here and she almost couldn't believe it. All those months of having only that quixotic neighbour-girl by Ottery St. Catchpole drone on and on about the population of nifflers in England and how she's begun considering a new collection of flobberworms has finally come to an end. Not that she wasn't fond of Luna Lovegood, with her dreamy features of pale eyes and wispy blonde hair; while the girl might be struck as odd within first glance, she was very unique in her own way. It just wasn't healthy for her to be the only girl Ginny's age she could talk to. Hearing the train hoot and her father looking anxiously at his watch, Ginny took her time to scan her eyes across the sea of people, catching the familiar girl wave across at her from around fifteen feet away, and she threw a nervous smile back in greeting. After years of pining for it to be her turn and watching her brothers grow ahead of her, one by one, she'll finally be able to step her feet onto Hogwarts grounds. She'll be able to experience what she's been waiting for so long, to feel pure magic pulse through her own veins – learn how to use it. Merlin, the mere thought of how she'll be able to control it. The girl barely struggled underneath the weight of her mother's hug before crawling through the mass of students to make her way onto the train. Barely four minutes in and she'd already lost sight of her brothers amongst the swarm and instead took it upon herself to lug her baggage along the carpet; escaping into the safety of the nearest quiet compartment. It wasn't until she took a moment to blink did she notice there were already another few people waiting inside – and, at the sight of greyish eyes and light flaxen locks, she almost exclaimed Luna's name in relief with the thought that she'd caught up and managed to grab an available compartment with someone she's well-acquainted with. The excitement dimmed after a more curious look and she realised that it wasn't. Instead, a pale – faced boy decided to look up from his book at her entry and narrow his eyes, tilting his head from one side to another as if analysing her entire being. Ginny recognised that he was halfway through reading The Oracle of Palombo by Bathilda Bagshot, and the cover was clean and new, much unlike her own copy – the pages were, however, bent at the edges, undeniably being went through over tens of times. this wasn't the first time he or by chance the previous owner of the book had read it. (She herself couldn't blame the poor state.. despite popular beliefs, it was an undeniably captivating book, one that she very nearly couldn't put down.) She'd shifted from foot to foot, nervous underneath his gaze. "Do you – do you mind?" The nervous pacing was for hope that'd he'd find a quicker answer under more frantic pressure. Ginny was an impatient witch whom found situations much more ideal when everyone were less negligent to spending wasted time. The clock was ticking and she knew by every second they spent waiting, she could very well be missing opportunities of finding available space. He'd be saving everyone the trouble by wrinkling his face and handing out an outright refusal. The boy did not, however, do anything of the sort, and instead took another full minute to think it through. "No... hm," a flicker of hesitance, before nodding his head. "Not at all. Hullo." He dropped the book to his lap, keeping a thumb between the pages while the young witch took to resting down the seat across him. It was rather unsettling to be observed in such a way – she felt much like a murtlap inside a cage under this boy's pointed gaze and wanted nothing more to shy away from the attention. There was a faint sound of a whistle in the distance. An odd worry began to fill her when the train began moving and the platform rolled out of view, dreading the thought of suffering the entire trip being under constant scrutiny. So, when he opened his book, she almost jumped for joy – thinking the boy was going to dismiss her presence– but he only shut the compartment door with a lazy swing of his foot before putting all focus back on her. Ginny decided to narrow her eyes at him in return. If this boy wanted to make the ride uncomfortable, then fine – she'll gladly return the favour. When he sighed underneath his breath and ran a hand through sleeked back golden strands, she caught another sight of those familiar silver eyes and felt her blood run cold. Him – she knows him, she's seen him before although she can't really recall where. Expecting a scowl or some bitter words, he instead stuck his hand out towards her and offered a lazy smirk. "You're a first year, aren't you– haven't exactly seen you around before. Of course, if you aren't, you've probably heard of me– my name's Malfoy." Her breath hitched. Oh, Merlin, no. It didn't take two seconds before she identified him from that outing in Diagon Alley, just a few weeks ago where she'd been finding her own books at Flourish and Blotts' – he didn't seem to recall her own self and she hoped it would keep that way. Ginny didn't take his hand; merely gesturing a shaky nod of her head in acknowledgment. "Right." The young wizard pulled his arm back, not at all appreciating the refusal of his gesture. His chin tilted towards the other boy in their compartment who had been uncannily quiet, fidgeting with the turner of a pocketwatch and barely paying them any attention. "This is Zabini. And that halfwit over there–" Malfoy scoffed underneath his breath when the door slid open and another body pushed through to settle inside, "–is Corner. Took your own sweet time to find us, didn't you?" Michael Corner didn't seem pleased at the greeting, settling with a thump on the cushions beside her. Ginny shifted to her right to make room – although more for the selfish reasons of wanting to accommodate her own personal inches of space away from the newcomer. "My apologies, I wasn't aware that you had missed my presence.. if I had known, Malfoy, I definitely would've tried harder to sate your desires." "I see that time away from me didn't do you any good in learning to watch your mouth. " It didn't take long before a smug smirk appeared on Corner's lips either, but it faltered just slightly when he noticed the presence of a younger witch sitting beside him. "Oh. Hello there, have I seen you before?" "No – she's a first year." "Very interesting bit of information you've got right there, really – but see, last time I checked, I was asking her and not you. " While the exchange was harsh, neither wizards seemed to hold cold blood towards the other and merely waved a dismissal air at the conversation. Malfoy leant against the cold window and resumed that long gaze he held before. Ginny took the silence as an opportunity to avoid eye contact and instead submerged in the moving scenery outside, shifting from brick walls, suburban muggle neighbourhoods that seemed more than fascinating and going straight to the loops of smooth grassy hills. The sky was a pale grey with clouds littered above and she couldn't help but compare it to– "– what's your name, by the way?" Bloody hell. She looked at the blond as if she were a deer on headlights – not at all understanding the newfound interest in her. Perhaps he just enjoyed the torture.. her expressions do hardly ever fail at being discreet. Not that she'd actually give up her identity; or not to these blokes, atleast. "Oh, eh–" The girl fought herself to answer. ".. Luna." She's sure that Luna wouldn't mind too much if she were to go under her name. Not that the witch would ever find out. Probably. "Surname?" Corner cut in easily, crossing an ankle over the other as he sank deeper into the velvet seat. "Hold yourself down won't you? We've barely been in here half an hour and you're already questioning someone on their entire blood lineage." "Well, of course a dirty half–blood