A/N Big shout out to my friend and all around legend chris400ad for helping me with coming up with the idea for this story and lending his genius to this chapter, as well as writing an amazing synopsis for me. All the love. Chapter One: Planting Roots 'Rejected?' Hannah Abbott said in shock. 'What do you mean rejected?' She slumped back into the incredibly uncomfortable chair she was sat in. She couldn't believe it, when Hannah was called to this drab little office, she was ecstatic. She thought finally things were going to go her way. And yet here she was, sat in the greyest room she had ever been in, surrounded by dusty books, ancient scrolls and stacks of parchment and hearing nothing but the loud, repetitive ticking from the clock on the wall, and the scratchy, monotone voice of the woman in front of her. 'I'm dreadfully sorry,' said Eleanor Rathbone, a pinch faced woman who looked like she'd never been sorry in her life and wasn't about to break the habit. She glared at Hannah over her large oak desk, her scowl getting more pronounced as she looked down at the papers in front of her. 'Unfortunately, you did not do well enough in the entrance exams to be accepted onto the training programme, as well as your interview being, well, subpar. I'm sorry Miss Abbott, but you're simply not what we look for in a healer.' Miss Rathbone had never been one for tact or niceness, but it didn't matter, Hannah barely heard her. Her head was miles away, still in shock, thinking about what she was going to do next. She'd put her life into those exams, revising for weeks, months even. All Hannah had wanted to do was become a healer and now her dream was being taken cruelly away from her, by a woman who didn't seem to care. Standing up from her chair and trying very hard not to let the tears escape from her eyes as they were threatening to, she stood up tall to Miss Rathbone. 'Thank you for the opportunity,' she said in a very small voice. Summoning all the dignity she could muster, Hannah turned on her heels and walked out of the door, leaving the vile woman in her tracks. The next ten minutes of Hannah's life were a bit of a blur, all she knew was that somehow she'd managed to stumble down the halls of St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, tripping over her robes as well as anyone who got in her way as she went. Luckily the administration offices were on the bottom floor, meaning Hannah could burst out of the door and into the streets of London as quickly as possible. She knew if she'd had to deal with the lift and people in there she would have lost it, and broken down in tears. With the fresh air, she was able to clear her mind a little, enough to apparate anyway. Instantly, Hannah found herself back in her two bedroom, London flat. She tore her coat off and threw herself down on the sofa, finally letting the tears that had been threatening her for the past ten minutes' escape as she started crying, her emotions pouring out of her so much she wasn't sure if she was going to be able to stop. 'Han, is that you? What's all that ruckus about?' shouted her flatmate from the kitchen. Ernie entered the living room with a gasp at the sight of his weeping friend, almost dropping the plate he was drying with a tea towel. He set them both down on the table and ran to the sofa, taking Hannah in his arms. 'Merlin, Hannah what's wrong?' he asked 'I. Got. Rejected. From. Healer. Training.' She replied through hiccuppy sobs. 'Oh Hannah I'm so sorry,' Ernie replied, tightening his grip on her, forcing her head into his chest. 'I know how much it meant to you, I'm so sorry.' They stayed like that for what felt to Hannah to be forever, when really it was more like a few minutes. She just couldn't stop crying. Every vain attempt to stop the tears coming out of her eyes was just met with more sobbing, so Hannah eventually accepted that she'd have to ride it out in Ernie's arms. He was a good hugger, stroking Hannah's hair and patting her back while she buried her face into his t-shirt, probably staining it with her make up. Eventually, Hannah managed to stop crying enough to reach for the box of tissues they kept on their coffee table and blow her nose. She was still crying, but it had changed to the silent kind of crying accompanied by hiccups, the kind that meant she was almost done. She moved on the sofa, sitting down properly but keeping Ernie's arm around her. She wrung a tissue round in her hands, trying to think of what she wanted to say, or to muster up the courage to say it. Eventually Hannah managed, and with a very small, hiccuppy voice said, 'I just feel like I keep letting her down.' Hannah's mother had died a few years earlier. She'd been killed by Death Eaters in her sixth year of Hogwarts during the wizarding war. She was all the family Hannah really had, her father, a muggle had died when she was little, and she had few other relatives to speak of. Hannah thought about her mother every day; the way she laughed, what her hair looked like in the morning, all those little details that it would be a crime for Hannah to forget. She wanted to live up to her mother's legacy, she had been a healer, one of the best in fact, and Hannah desperately wanted to follow in her footsteps. More than anything, she wanted to make her mother proud 'Oh Hannah,' Ernie replied. 'Don't be silly of course you're not letting her down. Don't ever think that. She'd be so proud of you, of what you've done. You did your best that was all that you could do- ' 'Yeah but that wasn't good enough!' Hannah shouted, standing up. 'All that work and nothing to show for it but a stained shirt and a half-empty box of tissues!' Her sudden outburst of anger had restarted the tears to her and Ernie's dismay. She plopped back down on the sofa, her head in her hands. 'Look,' Ernie said gently, very carefully placing his hand on her back. 'I understand you're upset, and nothing that I'm going to say is going to change that anytime soon. But you just need to realise how amazing you've done. You went back to Hogwarts, you caught up and got your N.E.W.T.s, with quite good marks considering. And now you've spent almost a year applying and studying for the training position, all while working a full-time job. You've done all this in such a short space of time after the 2 years of hell that was the war. You suffered so much loss, and yet you're still here. You're still fighting. You need to realise how incredible that is. So okay, you didn't get what you want this time. But that's okay! These things happen, it's what you do because of them that is the important thing. And what you can do go out there and try again.' Hannah sighed, she had stopped crying half way through his speech. 'You're right, you're always right. I know I'm over reacting a bit. I just worked so hard, I really thought when I got that owl summoning me to the office I had been accepted. I didn't think they'd call someone in just to reject them, but I suppose it was more a courtesy to my mum. They all liked and respected her, even that dreadful Rathbone woman.' 'I know Han, I know. But you're going to be fine Han, I promise. Take a break for now, have a bit of fun for a week or two and then figure out what you're going to do next. You can always retake the exams if that's what you want to do.' 'Yeah, that's probably a good idea. I don't know where I'm going to go from here. I just wish she was here to help me, she always knew exactly what to say.' Hannah said, wiping her nose with what appeared to be the last tissue in the box. 'I'll be fine, I think. I just need to take my mind off it. Have a bit of fun like you said?' 'That's the spirit, shall I put the kettle on?' Ernie replied very enthusiastically, he often thought a cup of tea could fix everything. Unfortunately, Hannah didn't really like tea that much, but she still hadn't had the heart to tell him after nearly ten years of knowing him. 'Yeah that'd be lovely, I actually have work in about an hour,' she said, glancing down at her watch, 'I'd better go get ready.' She got up from the sofa and wandered slowly to her room while Ernie bustled to the kitchen, wand in hand ready to battle with their ancient stove. Her bedroom was only just down the hall from the living room, but Hannah trudged slowly, a headache getting worse as she went along after all that crying. She burst through her door, her bedroom in the terrible state she'd left it in after getting ready in a rush this morning; clothes were strewn everywhere with various potion bottles of makeup and other such things scattered on the floor around them. Her owl, Humbug sat on his perch in the corner, hooting happily when he saw her come in. He was a tiny brown owl with white stripes, like his namesake, only just big enough to carry letters and nothing else. He'd been a Christmas present from her mother years ago, so Hannah could send letters whenever she wanted. She didn't really have anyone to send letters too anymore, but Humbug was a comforting sight all the same. Hannah walked over to his perch to give him a stroke, to which he nipped her back affectionately before going back to sleep. Hannah sat down on her bed, needing a few minutes to prepare herself to get ready for work. She could hear Ernie running about the kitchen even from here, cursing occasionally as he did battle with the stove and the other muggle appliances he still hadn't quite gotten used to. He was a strange wizard, was Ernie Macmillan. He and Hannah had been friends since first year when they were both sorted into Hufflepuff together, and out of all the people she knew at Hogwarts Ernie was definitely her favourite. Not that he couldn't be exceptionally annoying; he'd only just grown out of that air of pompousness that surrounded him throughout Hogwarts after all, and even then, he still got a bit snooty when Hannah refused to buy branded toilet paper. But he knew her better than she knew herself sometimes, so when he asked her if she wanted to live together, it had been a no brainer. She needed some company after all. Hannah started to get undressed, becoming painfully aware of the clock that was ticking on her bedside table. She couldn't be late for work again, even if she had a good excuse this time. She pulled on her work uniform, which was just a plain black skirt and top; nothing too fancy for a barmaid at The Leaky Cauldron. She glanced in the mirror above her desk and pulled a face. Her blonde hair was sticking up in all directions and her face was a rather fetching shade of blotchy red, as well as her make up being smeared everywhere. With a sigh, Hannah got her wand out of her boot, where she liked to put it if she was in a rush, and cast a