GRACEFUL AND GREEN You prepare a table before me underthe eyes of my enemies Psalm 23 ---------- "Samwise! Stop!" The cry brought him up short; but he came back to his senses only to find he was tottering dangerously close to the edge. He shouted out in alarm and swayed dizzily; before a sure hand reached out to steady him and draw him back. "Careful, Master Gamgee. Best you sit down for a while I think." The Ranger's voice was calm now, and reassuring, and Sam was more than glad to be guided away to safety; away from the fierce rush of the falls. He was led to a sheltered seat on a boulder, warmed by the afternoon sun, where the man watched him for a few moments then quietly took a place at his side. "Are you well?" he asked, clearly concerned. "Yes … well … an' no…" Sam found he was unable to say for sure. His heart was hammering harder than it should be, but the sudden awful sickness that had shot through him, when he woke to find his master gone; that was fading fast. But his limbs felt weak and his hands shook a little as he pushed them through his hair. And it was there again, he noticed, that odd sort of a veil that sometimes draped over things, dimming them somehow; even these breathtaking views. But he remembered Strider telling him that healing would take its time and he must be prepared to give it some; and Sam could only trust that it was so. But now he was calmer, embarrassment could no longer be held at bay. What had he been thinking of rushing about the cave like that, shouting out his master's name; barging through all those men who had welcomed them as guests! He could feel his face beginning to burn. "Ah, what was I doing! I've been nothing short of a fool!" "A wise fool, then, Master Samwise." The man beside him chuckled. "But be easy all the same. There is not a man among us who would see any cause for shame. Indeed we greatly honour you for your concern." Sam muttered, uncomfortable at that, and felt himself going redder still. For there really had been no need for making such a fuss. These men would never have allowed his master to come to any harm; and it was a strange relief, he realised, to be sharing some of the load. But he was mortified all the same. "I can't say how sorry I am, sir, to bother you all like that. I don't know what in the world came over me." "Do you not? Then perhaps I may be of service in helping you find that out?" The Ranger was making himself more comfortable on the stone. Sam gave him a sideways look. The words had come out quite naturally, he supposed, but this was a man that Strider thought well of, he'd noticed; and they were Rangers the lot of them: devious, cunning, close! He remembered how Captain Faramir had bided his time, plied him with wine, played him like Anborn's harp; until the secret had been told. But hadn't that been for the best, like a weight lifted off of their hearts: dark as the secret had been? For a problem shared, is a problem halved wasn't that how the saying went? Perhaps this Mablung was much like his captain: someone you could tell things to, whether you thought you wanted to or no, and feel the better for it. "If it was a dream that disturbed you," the man was continuing, "that would come as no surprise, for most of us here have been suffering from those. These past few weeks more than before." "And why's that, sir?" Sam asked, raising his head to meet the keen grey eyes; though he guessed what the answer might be. "Well, Master Gamgee," Mablung continued with a slight wry smile, "men who have been helpless to prevent their comrades suffering; who have seen them cut down while they themselves have survived; such men have a great capacity for guilt, however unfounded it may be." Sam sighed at that and slowly nodded his head. "But this time it hit me so bad because it wasn't the dream. I'm getting so I can cope with that, sir, if you get my meaning. No, this time it was because it was real. Part of it, anyway; the part that matters most." Mablung waited for him to go on. "See in my dream, sir, me and my master are together again, somewhere in that dark place, and he's sleeping peaceful for once. But I know I must keep watchful, stay awake, for there's this danger sneaking close. But my eyelids just won't stay open, they keep on getting heavier and heavier. And all the time I know what's happening but I just can't make it stop 'til at last I drop off whether I will or no." Sam paused a moment, reluctant to relive the horror, despite the clear light of the waking world. "Then I wake up again see, still in the dream, and of course my master's gone. And however much I hunt for him, desperate that I am, I know it's no use, it's never going to be no use, that he's gone for ever - gone where I can't follow. So down there in the cave, in the dark, dozing as we were on the bed, when I woke to find him gone … really gone …" "Ah, yes, I can see that must have been very bad indeed." With sudden grace, Mablung rose from their boulder and strode to the bank where the river ran foaming past. To give me a moment to pull myself together , Sam supposed, touched by the kindness. He steadied his breathing and watched while the man bent over a small inlet and filled the dipper left there for the purpose. He returned with it to their seat. "But tell me - that is if you will - this dream: is it rooted in something real? These sorts of dreams often are, I have found." "Well, sir, yes, an' no. And there we get to the heart of it, I suppose." Sam felt bile rising in his throat and was grateful for the offered drink. The water was refreshingly cold and sweet and he nodded his thanks as be braced himself to carry on. "You remember that wretched Gollum?" "How could I forget? Truly the stuff of nightmares. Is he the sneaking danger in your dream?" "Well there again, yes an' no. In the dream maybe, but in the real world, not always, no. Leastways, nearly always, but maybe not that time I called him a sneak when he wasn't, seemingly; a part of him anyway. And sometimes I can't get past thinking that's what might've pushed him over the edge; with no chance of ever getting back." Perhaps he was making no sense, as the words ran along on their own, but his companion didn't seem to mind. "And later when he betrayed us, deep in that horrible cave, I was that angry I saw red. Like a curtain of blood it was that blinded me; I was so mad with hate. And because of that, sir, I left him; left my master alone without the Lady's glass, his light for dark places; left him without his defence, just because I wanted to kill! And I know it can't have been for long; but it was long enough! Long enough for him to go and get stung by Her! And the mark of it's still there, and perhaps it won't ever go away, and it's all because of me; my fault, whatever old Gandalf may say." Sam's cheeks were wet now, with more than just the spray, but he paid it no heed. "Didn't I say that nothing would ever be all right where that piece of misery was? For all that he's dead and gone - gone into the fire - we're neither of us free of him yet, are we sir? Not quite free. Because he's still here isn't he? Here … there …" He waved his arm, indicating the edge of the shelf where the falls thundered down to the Forbidden Pool beneath. And in his mind's eye he saw his master crouching there alone among the shadowed rocks, watching his reflection in the water. He started to his feet. "By your leave, sir, but I must go down. That's not a good place for him to be." "Not a good place, Sam? No perhaps not. But, wait just a moment. Have you considered it might be a needful one? A place your master needs to be?" Sam stopped and looked down at the green-gloved hand that had been laid gently on his arm, and decided not to pull away. "You mean like I needed to be here with you, sir? Like I needed to talk just now, about being in bad places and all?" Mablung nodded. "Yes, Sam. Something like that." Sam frowned trying to steady his thoughts. "But it's not the same though, is it sir? He's all on his own down there with none to talk to but himself - or something worse." He shuddered and made to move past the man again. "No it's best I go down to him now, sir if you don't mind." "Of course, if you wish." The Ranger withdrew his hand. "But … have you really asked yourself why he slipped out so quietly while you slept?" "Now what's that you're saying sir? That my master sneaked out all alone 'cause he didn't want me to come?" He felt a sudden flush of anger, whether at Mablung or something else, he couldn't be sure. "Then who better to go with him, may I ask, to look after him and comfort him, than me as knows him best? After all he's gone through!" "Ah, but truth be told, Master Samwise, this time he did not need you, or anyone else, to go with him, did he? He simply wanted to take some time alone." The Ranger sighed. "The Valar know, Sam, I would not cause you any further pain, but it seems to me, this is something you are holding too much to yourself. For your master's sake as much as your own, is it not time to let it go?" Sam felt his anger drain away to be replaced by an empty sort of ache. With a rueful glance at his host he dropped down on the boulder once more. "I'm being a fool again aren't I, sir?" He sighed not needing a reply. "But you're right; I do feel as I'm losing something somehow, and it does hurt; and I suppose I hadn't noticed it 'til now." The sun was sinking lower bringing them into shadow, but he was still quite warm, he realised, though he had rushed out without jacket or cloak. In the Shire, even this late in the month, there could be quite a chill in the air, but he supposed he had never paid it much heed; no excuse for just sitting around - what else were the cold-frames for? But you rarely saw a bee, not so early in the year, not working outside the hive, but here there was a gang of them, a little wild and lean, all busy about a honeysuckle tangle that flourished for having some shade. He took in a breath - long and deep - to notice the scent of it, and then let it out again in a sigh. "You see, sir - and, I think you may be one to understand - it's been so long, and sometimes so very hard, the looking after him; the not leaving him; as Gildor said, so long ago in the Shire - not that I needed to