Enjoy! I was so obscenely bored as I trailed round the shopping complex with my mother, Renee. She was adamant about shopping for clothes for me every hour it seemed. She would saunter round a shop, throwing random items of clothing into her shopping cart that I didn't even like, nor want. Renee also used this 'bonding time', as she so creatively named it, to eye up men who were at least twenty years her junior. It disgusted me and I avoided these pointless sessions as often as I could. I faked sickness or lied about having a mountain of homework. Renee was my mother and I loved her very much, but she was very boring and self-centered. My dad had passed away when I was very young so I never really knew him. Renee had told me he was called Charlie and was the love of her life. I suppose this is why she could never hold down a stable relationship these days - she still mourned the loss of my dad. "What about this one Bella?" Renee asked, snapping me out of my thoughts as she held up a baby pink blouse with flourish for my inspection. I wrinkled my nose. "It's horrible," I told her bluntly, crossing my arms over my chest self-consciously as an anorexic blonde strutted over to my mother and pointed at the blouse with a single digit topped with a fake claw. "Oh my gosh, I have been searching for something like that! Are you buying it?" She squealed excitedly in an annoying nasal pitch. My mother beamed at this Barbie bimbo. "Of course not, my daughter isn't interested in clothes at all," Renee sighed as I felt a blush creep onto my cheeks. The blonde wrinkled her nose at me in disgust at this information. "Like, who doesn't love clothes?" She giggled unkindly, putting one hand on her bony hip smugly as she sneered down her nose at me. Her cheerleader's body was draped carefully in a tight t-shirt and tiny blue denim shorts. On her feet she wore high-heeled strappy sandals that emphasised the length of her long, shapely, tanned legs. She tossed her blonde hair over her shoulder and turned back to Renee who was still holding the blouse. My mother began a conversation with this whiny stranger about fashion and shoes. I was on the verge of tears and humiliated beyond belief. My mother would clearly rather have the bimbo as a daughter over me. I was useless to her. I wasn't clever, I wasn't pretty, I hated clothes shopping, I wasn't a cheerleader, I wasn't sporty. I was nothing. With a glare in both their directions I spun on my heel and fled out of the shop, pushing past a flustered assistant and nearly knocking her into a rack of dresses. I didn't care right at that moment, I just needed to get away from my suffocating mother. She had babied me for far too long and I wasn't going to stand for it any longer - I was eighteen for Christ's sakes! I fingered my purse in my pocket and smiled. I had saved my allowance money for a moment like this and planned to use it. I had at least a hundred pound to spend all on myself which pleased me to think about. I straightened my boring shirt and tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. I walked out further into the mall, striding along with hundreds of other shoppers in a sea of bodies. I knew where I would go first. I smiled widely as I neared my favourite chain bookshop and went inside, instantly relishing in the comforting aroma of the pristine books sitting neatly on the shelves. I was a bit of a book-nerd and could spend hours fingering the spines of each and every shelf in the shop. I quickly located the fiction section and began hunting, scanning each shelf carefully, waiting for the perfect title to jump out at me. There wasn't many other people in the shop, save for a few elderly couples and a young male assistant sitting at the cash register chewing gum and listening to his iPod intently, clearly bored out of his skull. I wondered how anyone could be bored in such a wonderful shop but I guessed not everyone shared my love for books. I quickly found my favourtie book - To Kill A Mockingbird - and sat myself down at a lone table illuminated by a soft yellow light from above. There was fairy lights strung around the wall for extra atmosphere and I found myself quickly immersed into the story of the Finches and the tragic case of Tom Robinson. I allowed myself to read the first chapter and then decided to buy some newer books I hadn't read yet. I collected a small pile of contenders and took them to the cashier, who smiled politely, but his eyes remained bored. He checked the books through and eyed them as he did. "You read?" I asked, just to make conversation. He looked guilty. "Not really, no," He mumbled shamefully, his head bent. "You work in a bookstore - it must be hard not to read surrounded by all these novels," I joked with a smile as he parcelled my purchase up in a paper bag. "I suppose I should…" He trailed off, tearing off my receipt from the cash register. "You definitely should. Here," I took my new copy of 'To Kill A Mockingbird' out of the bag and handed it to him shyly. He took it and glanced at the cover suspiciously. "To Kill A Mockingbird," He recited with a confused look. "It's my favourite," I informed. "It's about racism and injustice," I felt foolish, babbling about my preferences to this teenager who probably couldn't care less. "Cool, I'll try it," He replied with a grin. If I was three two years younger I would consider asking him out - but I didn't have the guts at this age, nevermind back then. "You come here often?" He asked and I raised an eyebrow at the over-used pick up line. He blushed when he realised. "I'm sorry I-" "It's fine," I laughed freely, feeling good that I was having a conversation with someone other than my mother. "I'll come by next week okay? Will you be working?" "You bet!" He exclaimed. "I mean…sure," He composed himself back into his teenage coolness. "Great, see you," I lifted my bag into my hands and slid a tenner his way as a thanks. I chanced a look over my shoulder and grinned when I saw him intently leaning over the first page of the book I had gave him, his eyes moving rapidly across the page. It felt great to have encouraged him, whether it was genuine interest or great acting - I didn't care. He maybe hated the book already, or maybe he was really enjoying it. I knew it was a complex book to read but I enjoyed it, so why shouldn't he try to also? I went into an art shop next and bought some supplies from there. I liked to draw and paint in my spare time and was running low on utensils. I felt light and happy as I casually strolled round the shops of my choice and bought what I really wanted without my mother's input. I avoided all the clothing shops like the plague. Renee probably hadn't even noticed my absence - too caught up in her 'dream daughter'. I walked past a guy eating a Panini that was oozing cheese and grease and my mouth watered. Quickly deciding I needed some of that fast, I walked towards a pretty café called Green Glades. It had a traditional, authentic feel and I sat myself in a quiet corner near a large water fountain which trickled soothingly accompanying the rich smell of coffee. The fountain took up most of the wall and was very beautiful. Teacups and plates clattered and tinkled around the room as people chatted and ate, all seemingly relaxed. I ordered a toasted cheese sub and chips, happy that I was alone for once and not having my mother yacking in my ear about calories and carbs and getting fat. I couldn't care less. I knew I wasn't bony, but I wasn't fat either. I was just a comfy, curvy size twelve which is perfectly healthy according to most of my books. As I ate my lunch in peace, I devoured one of my new books. I hadn't ever read anything like it - but it was fascinating. The main female character stumbled upon an ancient, sacred land in which she became Princess to all the creatures living there. About halfway through, you discovered the Prince of the land returned from an expedition to find his people bowed at the feet of their new ruler and became enraged. He was not pleased in the slightest. I blushed as I read about his appearance; rugged, stubbled jaw line; tousled brown hair; deep, piercing eyes as bright as emeralds. I could only imagine how perfect he was and sighed at the realisation that the perfect males only existed in stories. Figments of people's imagination were just too beautiful to be real, I thought to myself. I nibbled my lip as I reluctantly marked the page and slid the book back into the bag and sighed as I would probably need to go find Renee now. I was about to leave the café when I heard scuffling behind my chair to my right. I look round and spotted a pocket watch sitting on the floor. It was gold and ornate and very old looking but polished so that it shone. I looked around, puzzled, to see if anyone else had noticed but no one even glanced in my direction. I leaned over in my chair to pick up the object but a hand reached out and snatched it up. I gasped and recoiled, my hand feeling as though I had been stung. The hand had come from behind the fountain. I peered into a crevice in the rock and squinted, seeing nothing. Feeling like a fool, I got off my chair and went behind it, leaning against the wall and crouching down, my bottom in the air as I peered into the gap. Two bright blue eyes stared back at me and I nearly screamed. Was there a child stuck behind here or was this some sort of sick joke? Was it a maintenance man? "Hello?" I whispered foolishly into the hole and the eyes squinted, looking eerily annoyed. "Would you please hurry up and get in here?" A voice hissed. It sounded like the owner of the blue eyes. I blinked. Why did he ask me to get in there with him? I looked around, noting that no one noticed our display and stuck my head further into the hole. "I…can't fit through here," I whispered like an idiot. The voice sighed heavily and grabbed my shoulders, giving me just enough time to gasp before he pulled me into the abyss and we were suddenly hurtling downwards at an alarming pace. Oh God, I'm going to die! I screamed mentally. It seemed like an eternity has passed as we spiralled downwards, circles and swirls zooming past us as random objects flew past also. Chairs, brushes, tables, food and shoes were of the few I managed to dodge ungracefully as my mouth opened in a silent scream. I had a peculiar feeling I wasn't in the mall anymore. My eyesight was partially blurry and my head was spinning by the time I reached some sort of ground with a thump. My body folded in on itself, but amazingly I wasn't in agony and nothing appeared broken. I shakily stood up and gazed at my surroundings. I appeared to be in a garden of some sort, tall hedges looming