Here's the thing: in Brazil we don't celebrate much of your Halloween, but a certain set of friends I've got is always up to no good, so we find our own way of tricking and treating (well, honestly, more tricking than anything else..), and this is what inspired this one-shot. This Halloween special goes to Ní, K., Dha., Dan., Vih., Mah…. And of, course, you, witch.. Happy Birthday! – Only you could have it on Halloween's! – Guys, thanks for sharing all these moments with me and putting up with such an insane friend! I truly hope we can keep on adding gray hairs to our parents' heads together! ;-) Linn, again.. this is on you! Well, my bestie asked me to make this public… hope you enjoy the ride! Sorry for the mistakes… un-beta'd! One last thing – yeah, I know you guys are tired of this, but, what can I do? I play by the rules – doesn't matter how much I'd love owning Bella and Edward (oh, how I wish I owned this last one!) or any Twilight related thing, the truth is I don't! Stephenie Meyer does; I only own the plot.. sadly! "Dude, seriously, camping in your backyard?! What a pussy thing to do! And on Halloween…" a guy I've didn't remember told Edward – probably the friend he mentioned earlier… Emmett. "Shut it, douche! Bella's allergic, meaning, she can't go real camping, and since I'm not leaving her.. deal with it!" my sweet boyfriend answered – Did I mention I love the man? "So what? We can drop by the drugstore and buy her meds, so then we can really have a decent spooky Halloween!" the guy stupidly pointed, while bumping Edward's shoulder. " Ezel , what he meant was that Bella has a strong reaction to bugs' bites, which could cause her to go dead… DEAD! Got it, now?!" my sweet friend intervened. The bulk of a man paled considerably. – Yeah, maybe now he finally understood that there's no joking with severe allergic reactions. "Jesus! Did you just go 'Friends' on me, J?" he said while smirking at Jake and Seth while punching Jasper in the arm – Yep, the guy had his priorities fucked up! "Eavesdropping?" Rose got my attention back from the guys. "Coming to love my guy even more," I answer while helping her with her bags. "Let me help you! Alice's already fixing our stuff while I was coming to get the guys, but got distracted." "Well, then, by all means, get the guys while I organize my stuff," she tries to get back two of her bags, "Seriously, Bella! Go get the guys, I'm hungry and I can't wait to spend my first Halloween alone with my friends!" "I'll help you up and then we can come get them together!" I said and turned, heading to the house before she kept me from it. ~~~ NP~~~ Jacob and Alice went to the same school, same class since kids. I joined the group after moving here four years ago. Since then, we remain like Siamese twins… well, triplets… if that was possible…IDK, you get the meaning! We were always getting in trouble and tagging along with us Seth, Jake's younger brother, and Rosalie, my friend from the French course. About a year ago, Alice's brother graduated Yale and got back to work in Seattle for the family union's sake. From the moment we were introduced, we got along and, two concerts after that time, we started some sort of relationship that now lasts 7 months. We are together whenever our routine allows us to be! The same could be said about Alice and Jasper, Edward's high school friend; despite Edward's concerns at first. The Cullen family had a Halloween tradition going on since Edward was fourteen and had to babysit for his parents while he was on a Medical Convention in Seattle for the weekend. As the good parents they were, Esme and Carlisle allowed him and his friends to spend the night watching scary movies in the house, instead of getting themselves into trouble on the streets. Starting that year, the couple decided to spend a romantic night in Seattle while his responsible kid spent a scary night with his friends and looked after his sister, until she was old enough to join. This was the first year Edward was back in Forks and Rose would join. Rose, and, apparently, Emmett; only this year, Edward was adding to the tradition a bonfire with scary stories, as he and his friends used to do in College, only, since I couldn't really camp in the woods, we've settled for the Cullen's backyard this year. ~~~ NP~~~ Inside, Alice had the junk food ready and the entertainment room was set up with pumpkin lanterns and the air conditioner on. "Alice, why the fuck is the air conditioner on?" Rose complained as soon as we got in, "Shit, well freeze to death!" "Hi, Rose!" Alice came to hug her, "Well, it happens we'll camp outside after watching the scary movies, might as well, get used to the weather!" she kept going as she winked at me. Actually, I knew this was only an excuse so hers and Jasper's hand could roam freely, without dragging much attention. Focus on much! – Not that I was complaining, after all, snuggling with Edward seemed good enough for me! A strong pair of arms held me from behind, while we could hear the other guys getting ready to come inside. "Ready, baby?" Edward whispered and nuzzled my hair. "As long as there's someone to spend the night awaken with me," I replied. Edward laughed and held me tighter. At that moment, the guys entered the room and the huge guy locked eyes with Rose. "People, this is our neighbor, Emmett," Jasper said while joining Alice and mimicking Edward and mine's position, "he plays for…" "U-Dub… Football," Rose completed. And she stared at him like she was staring at Tom Brady himself. My eyes met Alice's and, after a quick glance in Emmett's direction, we both knew where this was headed. "What… I like sports!" she muttered, trying to justify after coming out of her Emmett induced stupor and seeing our smirk, "well, nice to meet you, Emmett… Sorry for my impolite friends!" she blushed! Rose fucking blushed! – Oh, this was good! "Erm, nice to meet you…Rose?" Emmett cocked his eyebrow. "Um… sorry, yeah," Jasper Said, "I guess you can figure out which one is Bella!" "Sure!" Emmett answered, without even glancing in my direction. "Okay, I'm done with the mush," Seth said while grabbing a burger and a Coke and sitting in a reclining chair in the far corner of the room, "I'll start watching the movies and you can join me when you're done!" Jake smiled and followed him, while all of us went to grab something to eat, so we could also join. ~~~ NP~~~ We've watched until now 'The Exorcism of Emily Rose', 'Paranormal Activity', 'The Exorcist' and we were currently watching the last one of the night, 'The Ring'. I had already cried, thrown up, asked everyone to, 'please, quit it' and even promised Edward he could ask me whatever he wanted, including sexual favors, if he convinced the guys of giving the scary movies up. To his credit, he tried so hard, he promised Jasper he'd pay rent for a year; Alice, he'd take her on any fashion trip she desired, shopping included; Rose, he'd buy her whichever motorcycle she wanted… nothing worked!– At least my boyfriend loved me, I guess, huh! "Beautiful, you can come out now!" Edward said after peeking under the blanket we were cuddling and removed my hands from my ears so I could hear him, "Samara is gone for now," I could see how hard he was trying not to laugh at me. I had to give him credit for it. – Hell, I'd laugh at myself were I not so scared! "What is i…" I started, only to be cut off by him pointing the blanket beside Alice and Jasper, which was supposed to be covering Rose, but by the look of it she and Emmett were fighting Cujo underneath it. ~~~ NP~~~ Once the movie was over, we came outside so the guys could freak the hell out of me with their horror stories, especially Jake and Seth, with their local legends about werewolves and vampires… As if I was not already scared to death with the fiction that was supposed to happen far from here, now I'd have to drug myself into sleep if I ever wanted to rest, after hearing stories that included my city as background. After more stories than I could take, – okay, more stories than the necessary to scare the other girls, since the mention of a scary story would already scare me – and with all the s'mores gone, the guys put out the fire so we could finally go to sleep – or merely try, in my case! Well, since Rose and Emmett put us couples to shame, we realized why not separate the tents according with the coupling, which ended up with Alice with Jasper, Rose with Emmett, Edward with myself and Jake with Seth. After some delicious making out with my hot boyfriend, we heard a commotion outside the tent. Me, the coward personified, started to tear up, and, when Edward offered to see what it was, I clung to him afraid he'd be murdered by some intruder, zombie, spirit… damn, even aliens made the list! This only lasted a while, because I recognized Emmett's voice. Edward, of course, busted out laughing at me, and I couldn't help but join, relieved. That was until the moment we made out what he was implying. "Dude, just do it behind the tree, woman!" " Dude , I can't just point and go! Remember?! Woman! Which means I'm not a fucking dude !" we snickered at her tone and the impersonation of Emmett while saying 'dude'. "Gross, Emmett! Yes, you don't live here, but you could surely show my parents some respect by not violating their property!" said an angry Alice. Obviously, Edward and I were not the only ones to be interrupted – Yeah, I guess we could all try and show some more respect to the Cullen's property! "Whatever," Emmett grumbled, "just go inside and hurry back then, goddess!" "Wait! I'm going too!" I hurried so I wouldn't have to go alone in the middle of the night – What! Rule number one: never stay alone on Halloween, not even for a fraction of a second… I also never pass up a trip to the restroom.. It's true! Edward stares me with wide eyes and a cocked brow. I only have time to give him a quick peck on the lips. "I'll hurry back… and then I'm under your mercy!" I say already outside, giving him a wink – yeah, so much for respecting the in-laws… He smirks back and assumes a relaxed position inside our tent. "Alice… you coming?" I ask, and less than a minute later she's already joining us. "Women!" we hear Emmett complaining, "Why do they must have company going to the bathroom? It's not like they can measure… That's just fucked up!" We laugh out loud… "He's such a nice guy…" Rose says with a dreamy face, while Alice and I give one another knowing smiles. It looks like someone has finally found their other half. ~~~ NP~~~ When we're done doing our business, half an hour later – yes, if you're a girl you know how much you can learn from your girls' experiences…– we are heading downstairs and, suddenly, the power is over, leaving me a shaking mess clinging to my girls' arms. "Seriously, Bella," Rose starts, "either you're a great actress or you've got to grow some balls and stop being a pussy!" "Jeez, you're