Characters are going to be OOC really big time so no flames for that please. Harry stormed through the doors of the ministry. "Mr Potter why these three, I understand the young man but the others?" the prime minister stuttered as he jogged to keep up with Harry. Harry spun on the spot his hand suddenly fisted in the Minister's robes, he looked down on the man. He now stood at six foot at twenty-one years of age. "I don't believe that has anything to do with you minister," he snarled. The minister shook, "Of course I'm sorry." Harry sneered and stood, three years ago the dark lord was defeated by him, he left Hogwarts and taught himself Dark magic, with that he killed Voldermort and now was the strongest wizard dark or light living, now that Dumbledore was dead. He continued down the dark corridor and stopped at a door. Waving his hand in front of the bars they disintegrated and he walked in. The minister looked up from the tangle of keys and saw the door to the cell opened. Blinking he walked forward to slam nose first into metal. Muttering he turned cursing the man. Harry snickered as he watched the three men in the room turn. They were dressed in rags, covered in dirt and their own filth from Azkaban. "Potter," Draco spat, "To what do we owe the pleasure?" Harry turned his full gaze to the other young man. "That's master to you pet." "WHAT?" Draco sneered, as the two older men watch with interest. "You can go drown yourself in the lake Potter I'm not your pet I'm a human being." "Not for much longer, the ministry has agreed to allow me to take you three into my home and break into slaves, beautiful isn't it?" Harry grinned. "What do you say Lucius will be you happily mine or do I have to break you like I will your son." Lucius looked at Harry, who now stood at his height, "Master," he said as he went down onto one knee. "Father, get up, it's fucking Potter," Draco screamed. Lucius looked up in time to see Harry turn and flick his hand towards Draco who fell to the ground in a screaming heap, twisting. Turning back to Lucius he placed his hand around his throat and began to mutter in a soft voice. A silver light flowed from his fingers and wrapped itself around Lucius's thin throat, the mist solidified and was now a silver ring encased with no openings and the words, 'Property of Harry Potter' written on it. "You are now mine Lucius." He pulled the man up by his collar and landed a solid and demanding kiss on his lips. Lucius gasped as he pulled back from the kiss, staring up at the man before his worried eyes flicked over at his son, Harry chuckled and flicked his hand again and the screaming stopped, turning into soft whimpers. Harry left Lucius and moved to Snape. "Will you submit Severus?" Severus looked at him with calculating eyes, "Even if I fought you would still have me right?" "Yes," Harry replied a grin etched on his face. Snape nodded he bowed his head and sunk to his knees on the floor. Once more silver light enveloped a throat and a silver collar sat in its wake. "Good pet," Harry said. Severus waited for the man to take his kiss but he turned around moved to the still quivering heap and crouched next to the figure. "Your father and godfather have submitted are you ready to Draco?" Grey eyes looked up at him, and the young man spat and the small amount of spittle landed on Harry's cheek. Slowly Harry wiped his cheek off and suddenly moved almost too fast, so see. He grabbed Draco around the throat and slammed him up against the nearest wall. "I will break you Draco, you will be mine in the end no matter what you try," the silver light surrounded his throat and a collar rested against the swallow skin. Harry stepped back and let Draco drop. Snarling the young man threw himself at Harry. Shaking his head, he flicked his hand again and Draco hit the floor at his feet, the screaming louder than before. "You will be wondering why you feel more pain before. I am actually not even using half the strength I did before. All you nerves are now new and raw, no matter how much you were able to resist pain before it is all gone now." In the background Lucius and Severus shared a look. Harry once more ended the spell and grabbed Draco by his hair and pulled him up into a sitting position, the Malfoy heir hissing. "Severus, Lucius come here," Harry ordered. Severus started to climb to his feet when a flick of Harry's finger sent him crashing to the floor. "I don't recall saying you could walk. You shall crawl till I give you the privilege." Shrugging Severus crawled to the man closely followed by Lucius. "Take hold of my leg and hold on tight I will apperate (SP?) us to my house." Quickly Lucius and Snape took a hold of the black robe covering their new master's legs and held on as they were sent spinning through the room. They apperated into a large living room, looking around Snape and Lucius let go of Harry. Harry snarled however and forced Draco's head back with his hand. "I am your master now, you are a pet, a piece of furniture, got it? My word is law and you are MINE," the man roared this last past. "You are no different than the last Dark Lord, one day someone will get the courage and stand against you and you will die like voldermort." Draco spat. "You think so do you?" Harry questioned and stood dragging the man up with him, "We shall see, until then, you are my playmates." "More like things," Draco muttered. A sudden hand slammed against his face and the two kneeling men shivered. The look on Harry's face scared them, and they had seen many things in their lives. "You will learn Draco, you will learn and you will be mine, you will soon be begging for me," Harry, turned the man still in his grip. "Hold my legs," he said to the men. Both grabbed his legs and they appeared in a large bathroom. Harry turned to them, letting go of Draco you dropped like stone o the floor, "Strip, Severus, you may stand to do so" came the order. Severus stood as he started to undo his buttons, as soon as he stood naked the rags at his feet, his hands covering his privets. The bath suddenly started filling with warm water as the ball of rags at his feet burst into flame. "Move your hands Severus, you need to get used to being naked anyway, clothes are a privilege not a necessary." Nodding Severus dropped his hands. "Rule one, You will obey every single command that I give you, or you will be punished. You will always call me master, or you will be punished. You will always answer me with words, or you will be punished. You will earn your privileges, and only when I say you may do something you will be allowed to. You will get your necessary's like food and water, unless this is your punishment. And most importantly, you will not penetrate each other unless I say so, your body belongs to me and me alone now. " Harry turned to Severus, "Hop in the bath." The older man did so and Harry grabbed a cloth and started cleaning him. Quickly the water was almost black with dirt, which was quickly changed with a brief flick of a finger. Severus relaxed under the gentle hands and warm water, the soft and tender touches along with the warm water was both making him sleepy and aroused. He closed his eyes as he felt the hands move down his chest to his nipples then past and lower. Long fingers wrapped themselves around his half mast cock. Harry chuckled, "Enjoying yourself I see Severus?" "Master," Severus moaned thrusting his hips up into the hand. "On all fours, arse in the air facing me," Harry suddenly snapped withdrawing his hand. Blinking Severus moved, his arse just out of the water faced Harry. The young man grinned and suddenly slapped the round cheeks hard one on each side. The man actually flinched under the touch. Harry chuckled as he leaned forward and pulled the cheek parts apart to look at the pink opening that winked at him. Chuckling Harry dipped his fingers in the pot of lub next to the tub, quickly he pushed one finger into Severus, the man moaned at the feeling. "Ever been taken by another man Sev?" "No master, but I have topped several." "Good, then you know what is going to happen and now I know my pets arse is virgin," Harry pushed in a second closely followed by a third finger. "How about you Lucius ever been bottomed?" "No, master, I have only laid with women." Harry looked at Draco as he continued to stretch Severus, "and you Draco" "Go to hell," came the reply. Harry shrugged "I will soon find out soon enough." Harry turned back to arse in front of him and withdrew his fingers. Picking up the hose also coiled next to him, he lubed the nozzle and slowly pushed it halfway into the man's entrance. Severus moaned and his hips trusted involuntary forward. "You aren't to cum Severus. You will hold the nozzle inside your body, don't let it slip, you will be filled with water and if you let any of it escape you will be punished. Understand." Severus nodded gasping, "Yes master." Harry turned on the water and Severus gasped as it filled him, the cold fluid brushing his warm insides making him cramp. "Ah, please master it hurts," Severus moaned his arms beginning to wobble. Harry reached forward and ran his hand over Severus slightly producing stomach and nodded ,he turned off the tap and pulled out the nozzle, "Let the water out Severus." The man let go with a sign and water filled with fecal matter entered the bath water. Panting Severus shivered as he felt a blunt end being placed at his entrance, he didn't think he would be taken so early. "Severus," Harry said as he began to push the butt plug into the slave's arse, "You aren't to take this out, you will get used to being filled and you will love it." "But-" Severus cut himself off. "Yes pet?" "What if I need to use the bathroom?" Harry chuckled, "You won't I made these butt plugs, they have a spell engrained into the wood and will clear you of any fecal matter, so when I do finally fuck you, I won't get dirty. Now get out of the bath." He said with a light slap to the white behind. Moaning Severus got out of the tub, shifting on his feet, the butt plug feeling uncomfortable. Harry laughed and moved up behind him and wrapped his arms around the man and hovered over his erect cock. "You will get used to the plug pet, the one inside you is only small and I am much bigger." Severus shivered at the warm breath of his neck. "You were such a good pet doing as I say, and this is your reward." Harry let his hands drop and he began fondling the man's hard length. Severus gasped and his head fall back onto Harry's shoulder, moaning. The hands felt so good, pumping his length and fondling his balls. It had been so long since he had gotten this kind of attention. He started to wither in Harry's embrace, his hips bucking forward and his breathing quickened. "Do