This takes place between the end of Catching Fire and the beginning of Mockingjay. Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games series or the characters. They belong to Suzanne Collins. Trigger There's a pounding in my head, against my left temple, thundering painfully against my skull. I groan and lift a hand to press it against my forehead in an attempt to stem the pain. My other hand crawls across the hard, cold floor and my eyes shoot open, revealing the dull grey concrete floor I'm lying on. One hand still pressed against my head, I carefully push myself up into a sitting position and shiver. I am so cold and I use the hand that isn't clutching my head to hold the collar of my games outfit closer to my chest, not that it makes any difference. My body shakes violently. I am freezing cold, as if I've been plunged into ice cold water. I wearily shake my head and blink. My vision is hazy and blurs momentarily as my eyes adjust to the limited light. In front of me is a dark grey stone wall. I turn my head to see two more identical walls; the third has a large wooden door with a small square window covered by metal bars. The only light in the room comes from that single gap. I lower my hand and feel my heart beat wildly against my chest as my body becomes consumed with panic as I try to remember. I remember the arena. I had been separated from Katniss… The thought of her makes my mind more alert. I look around for some sort of sign to tell me where I am, where she is. But there's nothing and my head pounds painfully from the movement. I take a breath and try to piece together what I can remember before the blinding light I had seen before I had lost consciousness. I had been running around a jungle-like area searching for her. I had seen Chaff. I had watched in horror as Brutus killed him. I remember the overwhelming anger that had surged through my body. I had killed Brutus. I look down at my hands and see that they are still stained with his blood. I rub them furiously against my torn, ruined outfit. But the stains don't move. The rubbing makes my hands turn even redder, but that doesn't stop me. I'm not a killer. But I killed him. I killed him in anger. I want to be rid of the evidence. I don't want to be reminded of what I had done. But the blood doesn't go and my hands turn raw, throbbing painfully and I stop, taking heavy breaths. My throat is dry, making my tongue heavy in my mouth. My breath is hitched and my chest feels constricted. Where am I? My entire body ached from the movements I'm making. What had happened whilst I was unconscious? Where is Katniss? I push myself to my feet but almost fall over again, my body swaying from side to side as my eyesight blurs, black spots covering my vision. I shake my head slowly and my eyesight returns. I place one shaking foot in front of the other and stagger towards the door, my artifical leg feeling heavy and achy, falling against the wood, sending a pain through my arm due to the impact. I'm just tall enough to see though the gaps in the bars. I blink as my eyes adjust to the light and I can see a flamed torch on the stone wall adjacent to the door. I swallow heavily. I'm definitely not in the arena. Still leaning against the wall, I reach for the door handle, only to find that there isn't one. Instead, I feel the cold metal attached to the frame of the door. I swallow again. Am I in a prison? How long have I been here? "Hello?" I call into the deserted hallway. My voice is a low rasp and my throat feels painful once more. There is no answer. I didn't expect one, but it was worth a try. I need to know where I am, what's going on and where Katniss is. I try again, raising my voice. It still comes out as a rasp and it makes my throat throb even more. My call isn't answered. I turn and lean against the door, closing my eyes. "Peeta…?" I'm suddenly alert, my eyes shooting open and I turn to look back out of the small window. I recognise that voice. I've heard it before. "Hello? Who's there?" My voice is still a heavy rasp and comes out so quickly that I'm sure that they didn't hear or understand me, so I'm surprised when I hear the answer coming from diagonally across from me. I strain my eyes and see another door which looks identical to mine. "It's me, Johanna." I gasp a hitched breath and my heart pounds. My hands clutch onto the cold bars to keep me steady. Johanna? What is she doing here? "J-Johanna?!" I croak. "Wh-where are we? What's going on? Where's Katniss?" My questions come out think and fast. The questions I so desperately need answers to. Despite our predicament, I think I hear a faint snorting sound coming from the same direction of her voice before she replies. "Always thinking about her," I hear her mutter mockingly but she speaks the truth. I am always thinking about Katniss. I can't help it. It's the way I'm wired. There's a pause, as if she's waiting for me to respond, but I don't, there's no point in me contradicting her words. "I'm not too sure," she continues. "But I don't think its District 13." It sounds as if she's saying the last bit to herself, but it doesn't make any sense. District 13? That place doesn't exist. It got destroyed during the first rebellion. They always show footage of the ruined ground. I'm about to tell her this when she utters the words that make my blood freeze and my body go numb. "I think we're in the Capitol." The Capitol?! That can't be possible. It can't. But I know she's telling the truth, I heard the fear in her voice. Johanna isn't someone who get scared easy and the realisation unnerves me more. My body begins to shudder, my hands trembling and I slump against the door. We are in the Capitol. My thoughts fly to Katniss again. If she's here… Snow's got an agenda against her, I remind myself. If she's here, who knows what'll happen to her, what Snow will do? I find my voice again and call over to Johanna. "Is Katniss here?" I need to know. I need to be able to protect her. "I don't know," Johanna replies. I think I hear her voice tremble momentarily behind the mocking tone that can be heard with my mentioning of Katniss again. I nod though I know she can't see me. If she's not here, then where is she? "W-what happened?" I stammer, my voice shaking. "How long have we been here?" Johanna lets out a snort-like sound. "Your precious Katniss blew out the forcefield," she informs me and I let out a gasp of surprise. She then sighs. "I don't remember much else apart from a blinding light and then being on the Capitol's hovercraft. I've been awake for a while, but I don't know how long we've been here for though." My heart thunders in my chest? Katniss blew out the forcefield?! Why? I don't ask that question; instead I ask the more important question. "Did they get anyone else?" I ask, wondering who else knew of this rebellious plan. Katniss? Haymitch? Effie? "Other than us? I think I saw Enobaria before I fell unconscious." So Katniss might not be here? I feel like a small weight has been lifted and I let out a sigh of relief. I'd rather be in the Capitol instead of her, knowing that she's in a better place, though I hope that the alternative is better than this. Johanna must have heard my breath because she then says, "I wouldn't be so relived about being here." "What do you mean?" My body shakes again, both from the cold and from fear. She's using the same tone she used when she said we were in the Capitol. Johanna's not scared of much, but I can tell she is definitely scared of being here and if she is, then so should I. "We're in the Capitol, Peeta," she reminds me. "Snow knows about the rebellion. He's going to want information." Information? But I don't know anything about the rebellion. I tell her this and when she doesn't respond, I know. Her silence speaks a thousand words. She was in on it. She knew about the rebellion. What else did she know? I want to ask, but can't. I'm positive that the dungeons are littered with cameras and microphones, ready for us to slip up and say something we shouldn't. I'm pretty sure both of us have said more than what we should have. "Figured it out," Johanna says when I don't respond, correctly reading my silence. I want to know more. How much she knows. Who else was in on it? Haymitch? It wouldn't surprise me. Effie? No, there's no way. Katniss? Did she? Is that why she blew out the force field? No, I remind myself. She couldn't have known. She would have told me. I stay silent. We both do and eventually I sink to the floor, my head in my hands shaking from both the cold and from fear. My mind is consumed with questions. Questions I can't answer. I hear loud footsteps pounding against the stone outside of my door and my eyes open. Fear beings to course through me once more. Are they here for me or for Johanna? My question is soon answered when I hear a voice boom outside my door. "Oi, Mellark! Get up!" I scramble away from the door as I hear it being unlocked. The door is then forcefully pushed open; making it hit the wall with a resounding bang. Light streams into the cell, momentarily blinding me. I'm sat against the opposite wall, my hands covering my eyes as my body continues to shake like a lonely leaf. I hear footsteps march loudly over to me before I'm grabbed vehemently by an arm and yanked onto my feet. "Get up!" The voice snarls as he pulls me up. I stagger as another hand grabs my other arm, dragging me across my cell and into the hallway. I blink, my eyes adjusting the bright lights. "Let him go!" I hear Johanna shout and she pounds on her own door. "Shut up!" I turn and see one of the Peacekeepers that had dragged me from my cell hit her cell door with his free fist. "Leave her alone!" I shout, pushing myself against him. The Peacekeeper laughs and pushes me to the floor as the other one closes my cell door. My hands scrap across the cold hard stones, peeling back skin and I wince from the impact. "Peeta?!" The Peacekeeper hits her door again before he pulls me up by my arm again. The other one joins him in placing an iron grip on my arm. They march me down the hall, ignoring Johanna's shouts and my staggering as my good leg is still stiff and weak. "Where are we going?" I ask. Both of the Peacekeepers laugh and continue to drag me. "You're going to see President Snow." The blood disappears from my face and run cold and I feel sick to my stomach. My body trembles and I know they can feel it through their thick black leather gloves because they laugh again, knowing that I'm fearful. President Snow? What could he want with me? I don't know anything about the rebellion,