Reverted to the past The war raged out like a blazing fire. Spells were being thrown in jets of multicolored lights. The snake was slain but Harry was dead. Before she knew the sword of Gryffindor was thrust in her hand and the dark faction was winning , one would ask how , the answer was simple enough, Harry was betrayed by the one person he forgave for every crime, his first friend Ron Weasley. Hermione could not think anymore she was numb yet kept running through the forest looking for a way to escape. Her brother, her best friend was dead. Even her nemesis Malfoy took a curse for her to save her. his eyes pleading her to get away, his last moments redeeming all the wrongs he ever committed. As she was ran she remembered her brother's death, when he survived Riddle's curse, he stood up as Neville killed the snake and Draco tossed the wand to him to finish the beast only to be betrayed by Ron, Ron who cast the killing curse on Harry from behind and.. .. her brother fell. Then she knew they lost the war, their hope had died. Everyone was quick to follow Neville , Luna , Susan , Draco Remus and Tonks everyone fell at the hands of the dark bastards. The Weasley were split Molly Ron and Ginny had turned Dark and they lived but the rest. She tumbled and fell and soon was surrounded by the death eaters. The crazy bitch came on to her. "Running away mudblood, where will you hide anyways, come on mudblood, I have promised many people that you will be their reward. Lets have some fun before shall we? They dont need you fully alive anyways" I saw Ron looking at me gleefully leaning on to his bitch sister "You bastard, I hope you rot in hell. He was your best friend. How could you?" Ron smiled evily " You mudblood whore, who was his friend.. I was not ... no we were in it for the money. That arrogant loser was filthy rich . You all followed and believed Dumbledore and though we were not idiots like you to blindly follow him ...no... He paid us money .. hell he paid the entire world to keep Harry miserable well expect you.. Oh saint you... you always stood by him.. your dear brother.. what a joke!" I have shocked at the level of betrayal, she thought "I was so helpless my Harry , my brother. I failed to protect me, I promise to avenge you." I spit on him and he back handed me , the death eaters were all laughing. "Rot in hell you bastard... I swear on everything I hold dear, I will make you suffer." she cried , they felt her magic swirl around her. Some of the death eater took a step back including the Ron and Ginny. "Come on Weasley, I have been wanted to play with her for a long time, if you are finished with the stories. "Well, yes I am almost done but this bitch should know the truth , I need to get it off my chest ..right Ginny." "Yes, listen mudblood... we never liked you, hated you and your know it all swot ways.. everything was a plot from the beginning which involved lot of memory charms potions and god knows what. Hell Dumbledore had to suppress and bind lots of your and others magic, including the grandparent Potter. Once that old coot died the money stopped so ...we felt we need a better avenue for income so well met the Lestrange , family connection , purebloods and all that rot. We have been feeding them information to them all along, well technically we wanted that Riddle dead. We have better Pureblood Lords and Ladies like Madame Lestrange here. Once we finish with you, we will go and take the Potter and other money. I cant wait though, so do me a favor and die or no don't because Greyback has been drooling for you. " Hermione was physically ill with all these truth, " I welcome death" she thought," at least, I will met my family, Harry , Sirius and all. I rather die than submit to these bastard to violate me." Then it began the torture , my body was numb by the torture curse raining on me. A sudden gasp was heard. I felt a kind of warmth covering me. I raise my head in a sudden burst of energy from inside me. Ron was shocked, the mudblood was losing her sense with the torture, she was being paid back for all the humiliation she and Potter caused him. Then suddenly she started glowing. Her features began changing. Her hair changed first. It turned midnight black and longer . Then a bright gold light enveloped her and she vanished and everything went black. Hermione was cold, yet she felt fresh, like waking up from a long fulfilling sleep. She remembered everything that happened and sat up feeling bit disoriented. She looked around she was in a garden of some sort, which oddly felt familiar. She heard a church bell chime. She looked around her, next to her was the sword and on her belt loop was her beaded bag. She checked her holster and found the wand in safely, which was odd because she sure she lost it in the run. Well she got her wand and secured her surroundings and started looking around, then it hit that she was in godric hollow and something was odd because there were Halloween decoration so unless the people of Godric Hallow had a obsession with craved pumpkins, it should be Halloween night rather than early MAy . Then it hit her. She quickly did a tempus charm and to her shock the time 06:00 pm , 31 October, 1981. It was day Harry's parents died, okay, she didnt know the time when they were murdered but what if they were alive. She walked around the place trying to locate the Potter house which was protected under the charm. What to do now ? They were surely alive otherwise she would have been able to view the house. She rememebered the general location but ... Wait Sirius... She conjured a Patrouns , the otter bounced a minute and then looked at her. " Padfoot, deers are in danger". The otter disappeared. She remembered this from a conversation from long back with Sirius , the code for the marauders should anything go wrong. She took the cloak from her beaded bag and covered herself , she didnt want to fall Riddle's path if she intended to save James and Lily Potter and everyone else. She waited for Sirius meanwhile formulating a plan to save the Potter and Sirius. She heard a big roar she looked up and saw the motorcycle , to be more precise a flying motorcycle belonging to one Sirius Orion Black III. She felt her heart beat loudly and making him believe her story was very very important. He landed and jumped of and ran in the direction of the house and looking around everywhere. She went to him and suddenly he turned around wand pointing in her direction, "who is there, I command you to revel youself or you will be big trouble" Hermione lost whatever control and started giggling,she do not remember another time when she laughed so much, it was a long time ago in the tent with Harry. She took of the cloak and looked at him. He stared at her mouth little open , "ohh god those lips", wait what ? She thought His wand was trained on her. "Padfoot, please you need to warn James , Voldermort is out to get them, their location has been revealed to him. Please.?" "Who the fuck are you ?" He suddenly grabbed her tore her left sleeve but got shocked with Bellatrix's gift" "I .. I am .. Sorry !" "It is a long story but it is a gift from your cousin." Sirius was shocked and furious and somehow felt the need to protect her but something about her appearance was reminding him of Mum P, James's mother Dorea Potter, he could not place it , maybe it was her nose or high cheekbones. He was broken from his revie whren Hermione said " Listen my name is Hermione, I need to save the Potter and we have very little time. Wormtail has betrayed you and no you cant go after him, I need you to protect the Potter." Sirius calmed a bit and then took out his communication mirror and called "James Potter" A face very similar to Harry came to view on the mirror and said "Hey Pads, whats up ? everything alright ? Listen do you want to come over , I am bored out of my mind and Harry will be happy to see you ?" "Prongs, I need to enter immediately, I have someone with me. Open the wards but as soon as I cross lock it down immediately." The wards shimmered and Sirius grabbed her and ran into the small cottage. She felt the wards fall back as soon as they entered the porch . James opened the door and Sirius hugged him as if his life depended on it but James was shocked to silence at the person behind him. "Mia" "What ?" "Prongs, do you know her ?" "Come in ... Lily come fast !" James seem to be in shock and Lily came running out holding Harry. "What happened" Lily asked "Oh my god ! Mia ? she looked at James who had a gobsmacked expression ! Sirius and Hermione was seriously confused and she was worried on the time they had left. She closed the door and said "Listen I am not Mia and I dont know who she is. Please listen to what I have to say patiently. I am Hermione Granger and I am from the future, my best friend's name was Harry Potter" everyone gasped and looked at little Harry and then at her. She took a deep breathe and said " in my past or future or whatever... Peter Pettigrew betrayed the Potters and frame Sirius putting him in askaban for it and Harry was left with the Dursleys to be manipulated by Dumbledore at every stage of life and raised to be slaughter." She was crying so much but she had to get control of herself, after the final battle Harry when he finished Voldemort he was betrayed and I was cornered and everything was explained to me by a person who we believed to our best friend who sold us to the Death Eater but something happened and I woke up here. I believe it is my chance to save my best friends family and kill Voldermort along the line. I have proof for my friendship with Harry and she handed over the marauders map, the invisibility cloak and the sword of Gryffindor. The Potters and Sirius were shocked and they looked like they were convinced that she was telling the truth because all these were one of its kind."Okay, here is the plan, Sirius , i need ..." she looked at them they were still standing and staring at her. "Please snap out of it will you . Everyone shook their head as if to regain their senses."Okay please .. everyone future depends on these plans. Lily do you want your child to spent his life being Petunia Dursley's elf." Lily and James were wide eyed and Lily hugged Harry closer, so Hermione continued " Okay so I am going decide everything and you will follow , then we once we get out of this safe ,I will explain everything clearly." Everyone seem to agree to this so she continued " Sirius I know you and James are experts in creating