A Different way to things! 31st October,1981 Halloween Day, Godric Hollow, The Potter's had finished dinner and were getting ready to bed. James were engaging Harry in a show of magical light like every other day. This was the only fun and excitiment the father son duo had nowdays because the boy was in danger from a power crazy manical dark lord named Voldermort. They were in hiding like the Longbottom family as both their boys were born in July end. Lily a fiery haired , green eyed beauty who seem tensed and restless, she was in kitchen cleaning up after dinner. She thought of the precautions she had put in place in event of their demise which somehow seem certain. When Albus Dumbledore told the Longbottom's and them about the prophecy , she wanted to dismiss it like the Longbottom's but somehow Dumbledore convinced them that they were in danger, when James asked why he was so sure that they were in danger, he replied saying someone overhead the prophecy. James and Frank lost their temper saying that Dumbledore was very foolish not conduct the interview with Sybil in the castle where it was more secure. Dumbledore advised them to go into hiding. The Longbottom's had gone into the dowager home that Alice had inherited while the Potter's actually planned to stay in Potter manor, but Dumbledore asked them to stay in Godric Hollow cottage. James was against it completely but in end something seem to convince James to accept. Lily was not entirely convinced but she was not given much of a choice because James was suddenly very adamant. Lily suspected some foul play therefore, took some measures to secure her son's future. She first checked the Potter library and found a ritual to safeguard Harry's life, it required a balanced sacrifice, ie a male and female scarifice. It would create a protection for Harry throughout his life against every odd. Another thing that Lily talked James into was making their will and also while at the Gringotts she spoke to Potter account's manager Sharpsaw about her fears, Sharpsaw was a confident of Charlus and Dorea Potter and respected James and Lily. The Potter's were a rich family that helped and supported the wizarding community, it was a well on fact that anyone could approach the Potter's for financial support in return of a share in the business when they make profit. It was a win win solution for everyone. Sharpsaw ensured the wills were foolproof and unchangeable as the goblin magic were different from wizards. Sirius Black, who was Harry's godfather was named guardian along with the Alice and Frank. All the wealth was inventoried and accounted. In case of the death of the parents , a trust fund would be active rest all the vault would freeze and can only be handled by the Potter steward and Harry's guardian which were Remus Lupin and Sirius Black, best friends with Potters. James and Lily was very happy with the bank proceedings. They filed a will with the ministry as per procedure. They also got their portraits painted so they could charm it with their essence such that Harry can converse with them should they meet their end. Lily as a precaution wrote out a series of letter to Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, Peter Pettirgrew and the Longbottom's and Ameila Bones who was a senior to her in Hogwarts and James and Sirius boss in the Auror was very suspicious of the sudden interest Dumbledore seem to show Harry when James was talking about Harry's magical poweress. Harry had been a strong magical child who could summon toys to him and change certain features on himself. He also seem to have a strong memory. Lily's letters to Sirius was kept in Harry's nusery where she was sure he would reach should anything happen. James and Lily had initiated the ritual to ensure Harry's safety. The crib in the nursery was covered in runic symbols of safety and protection. The letter was Sirius, Should you read this, I fear the worst has happened and we were betrayed. Sirius, I know you are blaming yourself and Peter but I beg you, if I have succeed and Harry is safe, you need to protect him. He needs you more than anything. Please repay our love and friendship by taking care of our son. He is your responsibility and make him strong and respectful. I trust you Sirius, I pray that you will be the father he can look upto. Yes, Sirius father. I have brewed a potion which incantation will help you to blood adopt him. He will remain a Potter heir but he will also be your son. It is a simple potion which requires 3 drops of your blood. Make Harry drink the potion and say the of " faciens in filium meum tecum, et sanguis magicae"(making thee my son in blood and magic). Trust me Sirius Love Harry as your own. With hope and love. Lily The next letter was to Ameila, Ameila, Should you receive this letter, we have been betrayed by Peter Pettrigrew. He was the secret-keeper. Sirius was the obvious choice therefore, James felt it would be a good diversion as the death eater would aim at Sirius and he can escape with out having the fear of outing our location. Ameila, please ensure that the traitor is captured and punished and please ensure that should my son survive , he is given to Sirius or Longbottoms. Please Hopefully Lady Lily Potter The letter to Remus and Sharpsaw was also pretty much on the same lines. Loud laughter broke Lily's line of thought. She went to the living hall and to see their son laughing at his father antics. Suddenly they heard the gate creek and James who had created a sensor charm on the front door saw their worst fear Voldermort gliding to them. James knew what they had to do. Lily needed time to activate the runes and alert everyone and hopefully portkey out using the one Dumbledore gave. He would die happily to keep his family safe. James screamed for the benefit of the crazy lord. "Lily it him, take Harry and run. I will hold him off." Lily in the mean time had already taken Harry upstairs and started the ritual. She send out Patrouns to Remus, Sirius and Mad-Eye Moody to who trained Sirius and James. She also sent out the letter she had written to various people. She heard a loud crash and she knew James was dead. Her heart broken to know her true love had left her. She then tried the portkey, as she expected it didnt work. Yet again, they were victims to Dumbledore's greater good but her son wont be , she had taken all precautions. She cut her hand and said the incantations and smear the blood on the crib and drew the runes on Harry. She told Harry she loved him just as the runes glowed, the door flew open and there he was with a snake like face and red slits for eyes. "Stand aside girl" "No not Harry, please kill me instead , leave my son, please" "Avada Kedavra" Then there was a green light the end. Then Voldermort turned to the child looking at him from the crib with a curiously gaze. He pointed the wand at the child and said the killing curse, but all he knew was pain. He could hear the child crying and he knew he had to escape. He left his beloved wand and flew away. London, Sirius was working overtime in the minstry when two doe shaped patroni flew in. One came towards him and said "its over Sirius, we were betrayed." Next thing he knew he apparate home and took his bike and flew to the place Peter was hiding, not seeing the rat anywhere scared Sirius. He started the bike and took off to Godric Hollow.. The house was in ruins when he reached and Mad eye and some aurors had just reached. They had detained Hagrid from entering the crime scene. Just as he stopped the bike, Mad eye came and asked the aurors to arrest him. He was shocked, but regained his voice. "Moody , I was not the secret-keeper, I was a decoy. It was Pettirgrew. Please believe me or better yet give me Vertiaserum." Moody asked Proudfoot to administer the serum. "Your name" "Sirius Orion Black III" "Date of Birth" " 3rd November, 1959." "Where you the Potter's secret-keeper?" "No, I was a decoy. We suspected a traitor amidst us and Dumbledore knew our plan." "Are you associated with He-Who-Must -Not-Be-Named?" " " Moody asked to adminster the antidote. "Black, I suggest we move in and do the check, Hagrid here has come to take Harry away on Dumbledore's orders. I wonder if anyone is alive actually." Sirius ran inside but stopped at the now dead James's body. His glasses askew , face peaceful, his best friend and brother in all but blood had left him and gone to the next adventure. He knelt down and cried "Am sorry Prongs, I should have been the secret-keeper.I will kill that rat. I promise you." While the aurors were recording the scene, Sirius went upto the nusery. There was Lily on the floor near the crib. Her red hair fanned out and tears running down her face. Lily was always special. She was Prongs's girl but to him she was a sister, confident and many more things. She was Lady Potter. Sirius hugged Lily's body and suddenly heard Harry crying. There he was in his crib which seem to be glowing. Harry looked at him "Pa'foo Pa'foo" Sirius broke down and picked him up, to his horror the crib crumbled down to dust. He hugged Harry close and then looked at his face. He has gash on his forehead that was bleeding. Sirius quickly did a healing charm and hugged the child and took him out. Harry cried out "Mumma , Mumma, Pappa.." "Dont worry Pup , we will met them soon." "Pomise" "Promise" Sirius felt some on Harry's onesie's back. He took a look and there was letter stuck to the clothing addressed to him in Lily's hand. Sirius held Harry and took the letter and read it took a decision and ran back up. He grabbed the potion and then informed Moody that he was going to pop into St Mungos to show Harry a healer. Moody asked him to go forward. He was finished there and was going to file a report. Sirius took his bike and usin a sticking charm on himself to stick Harry in his carryon attached to him. He took him to his flat. Then he gave Harry the potion as instructed by Lily and said the incantation. A golden glow covered Harry and suddenly his scar split open and a dark smoke seeped out and brust into tiny fragments. Harry was screaming through this but once it was over, the wound closed up and a thin scar remained which was not visible unless one looked closely. Sirius then took Harry to the hospital and had a Healer examine him properly. The healer said that the child was exhausted and his magic core seem in distress mainly due to trauma but it is showing signs of stabilizing. The healer advised to keep the child happy and good memories to avoid any nightmare. He prescribed a fever potion , just in case. Once he was cleared to go. Sirius took Harry to the Longbottom manor and asked Lady Longbottom, Frank's mother for admittance. He had to talk to Frank and Alice. Augusta was shocked to hear what happened and contacted Frank through floo but she was shocked as she saw them under attack. Sirius gave Harry to Augusta and took the location and went through the floo . He saw the couple being attacked