Most characters and some mentioned events are the property of J.K. Rowling. Others are the creation and property of StuckOnPrivetDrive. This is an original story written by StuckOnPrivetDrive. "People think this life is one big party. They don't understand the stress and strain that this world can have on you. They think you play hard, party harder, and look pretty but there is so much more. It takes hard work, skill, and street smarts in this business. If you're not on your toes those on the prowl will rip you to shreds. Because first and foremost this is a business and one day you can be on the top of your game and the next be in line for unemployment. That's Quidditch for you, a game on and off the field. It can last as long or as quick as it takes to catch the Snitch. It's kind of funny that way…. The Snitch Life" Chapter One Quidditch 101 Barry Ryan at Whore House! Is the little lady not putting out anymore? The couple celebrated twelve years of marriage this year and sent their only child off to his first year at Hogwarts. Early this morning we caught the Krestal's keeper who appeared a bit strung out leaving a whore house in Manchester. What is the family man doing getting down and dirty… The Daily Prophet "SODDING FUCKING BASTARD" "Oh come on babe!" A brown haired man yelled as he ducked out of the way of the spells and glass objects being thrown at him. He looked like the type of man that put too much gel in his hair and wore whatever the latest cut of men's denim is. At the moment he was still dressed from his morning drills, which was good so he could dodge whatever his wife through at him comfortably. "Don't you fucking babe me!" "It was only one time…" She threw a glass sculpture at him, "yeah one time this week! You think I didn't know about those other tarts! Ha! And now you've bloody gone to a professional!" "Babe" "Look I don't care that your Barry fucking Ryan and how famous you are! I am your wife and I deserve respect! I've been with you from the start and these little hussies' don't want you, they want your money, they want to see their faces all over the papers!" Mary Ryan wife of Barry Ryan shouted. She's been with Barry since she was fifteen, she doesn't know why she sticks around. She runs her husband's career and she is the foreface of Quidditch wives. Women everywhere want to be her. She has a wealthy husband, a lovely home, adorable son but there's also the bad side. The bath robe clad blonde woman got the extreme displeasure of having her husband cheat on her. "Ah excuse me Mrs. Ryan" Mary rolled her eyes and turned around, "What is it Clarita?" The housekeeper fidgeted uneasily, "there is a certified telegram for you to sign for." She quickly left the room. "Fucking shit…" she stormed from the room and went to the foyer, there was a black owl with a gold badge hanging around its neck perching on the end of the table. She took the note from its beak, she signed the paper stuck to the top of the envelope and stuck it back in the birds beck then opened the door so it could fly out. She opened the envelope Mary, I want you and that low life bastard of a husband of yours in my office NOW! Wilford "SHIT! We've got to go see Wilford," she shouted storming up the stairs to get dressed. (***) The dimly lit office was round with a semi circle desk in the center, with two chairs positioned in front of the desk. There was a soft haze of smoke from the cigar the man had perched between his two barely existing lips as he scribbled something down on a piece of parchment, with his muscular hand. The man was sitting in a high back chair that extended past his head and when he stood he was at least six foot four inches tall and overly worked out, he looked as if he could pop a human head with one hand. He was completely bald and you rarely saw him smile, he was wearing a black suit with a lavender shirt, a dark purple tie and coordinating pocket scarf. He had a silver wedding band on his left hand and a huge gold, chunky Quidditch league cup ring on his middle finger of his right hand. There was a soft knock on the extraordinary tall hand craved doors… "Come in," the man grumbled without removing his cigar. "You wanted to see me Wilford," said the young man who only half entered the room. He took the cigar out of his mouth and placed it in the ash tray, "Ah yes Thomas, come in, come in, take a seat." Dean fully entered the office closing the door behind him and took a seat in one of the chairs. He had been working for the man for over a year and still he found it hard not to sweat in his presence. "You can stop sweating Thomas. This is the portion of the program where I promote you." "A sir," he was incredibly pleased but this wasn't what he was expecting, "I don't know what to say…" "You don't have to say anything, you've been my personal assistant for a bit more than a year and well although you have been invaluable to me it almost pains me to say you would be better suited elsewhere." "That's um…" "Tomorrow you will begin as the assistant manager of the Kenmare Krestals… That will be all," he picked up his cigar again and continued writing, before Dean fully made it out of the door, "Oh one more thing," Dean turned around, "find me a new assistant by five and I'm expecting the Ryan's send them in when they get here." "Yes sir" The Department of Games and Sports had fallen by the way waste side under the leadership of Ludo Bagman and with his untimely exit, Ex-Minister Cornelius Fudge appointed Wilford the department head. The department was completely reformed with all new rules, players were fined, warnings stressed, and morality causes added to contracts, you brought big bad publicity to the league that brought you big bad punishment. All employees were expected to be in business attire during business hours including at offsite events. Everyone was in a suit, every tie in a single Windsor knot and all shoes polished impeccably. The litter that once filled the hall floors and the shabby state of the offices was no longer, polished marble, team photos, incased dueling league trophies, and framed jerseys on the wall. Games and sports was a money making venture and Wilford believed that they should start acting like it. (***) She had this big blonde curly afro, it was blowing in the wind, bright blue eyes and her full lips were coated in bright red lipstick. She was posing in stilettos, boy short underwear and lifting her Holyhead Harpies t-shirt up to her navel and twisting it nervously in a seductive way and she smirked ever so slightly. Ginny huffed and turned the copy of Quidditch Daily around on the News stand. She picked up a copy of the Daily Prophet and headed into the market. Ginny was hot and sweaty from her morning workout she grabbed a bottle of water and went to the cashier to pay. After she finished Hogwarts this pass June she tried out for the Holyhead Harpies, she believed she was good enough to play professionally but apparently the professionals only though she was good enough for the reserve team. So Miss. Weasley was the seeker for the reserves. She supposed being a reserve had its perks she didn't have to wake up at the crack of dawn for practice like first string. She got to mosey on down to the pitch at 9am. She didn't have to attend evening practices and she didn't have to travel... Oh, who was she kidding it sucked being a reserve, she didn't get to see the world, she got paid basically nothing w hich is why I can't afford to go to Japan for the World Cup , and she never saw playing time except when the team was away and the reserves had a scrimmage with another reserve team. Usually on Wednesday evenings in the heart of the Quidditch season tickets at half price. Ginny sighed and paid for her things and headed back out into the boiling August afternoon sun and began walking back down Diagon Alley towards the Leaky Cauldron. It could be argued that she was just starting out and should be patient but she didn't want that, she wanted playing time and she wanted to be successful. She wanted money so she would never have to want again... she stopped walking as she noticed a young man, crouching down in front of three children signing autographs for them. It was Oliver Wood she would also like people to admire her work on the field. The twenty three year old had an easy cool vibe about him, she didn't recall him having it at school but she supposed everyone had the right to grow up and change. He smiled at the kids before he stood. He pulled his sunglasses back over his eyes and began walking in the direction Ginny was coming from. He was originally a reserve for Puddlemere United, but only for a year. Now he was first-string keeper. Wood was always a great player but to play professionally is a lot harder than Hogwarts but he managed to do it seamlessly. Ginny began walking again, as he got closer to her he let his shades slide to the end of his nose and looked over to her. He gave a curt nod and kept walking. Once Ginny got outside of the Leaky Cauldron she apparated to Harry's house. Ginny climbed the stairs of twelve Grimmauld place and unlocked the front door. "Kreacher it's me!" She shouted "Alright Miss. Weasley" She heard him call from somewhere in the house. Harry had been living at Grimmauld place ever since the battle of Hogwarts. He's slowly been fixing it up room by room over the past year. He gave Ginny a key and a standing invitation. She still lives at home with her parents and the fact that Harry had his own place (a lavish town house) made it a lot easier to do things that her parents would hex her for if they knew she was doing them. Like right now for example as she climbed the stairs to Harry's bedroom, he was coming home for lunch to be with Ginny. She opened the door to the bedroom placed her newspaper and water on the dresser. She removed her tank as she crossed the room to the bathroom for a shower. She turned on the water and as steam filled the room, she stripped down bare and climbed in. She loved Harry, more than she thought she'd ever love anything. She was so confident that she would spend the rest of her life with him and he has made it known that his feelings matched. He broke up with her because of the whole impending doom thing but neither one of them believed it over. It all ended alright… for the most part, the devastation was heartbreaking but at the least the world wasn't over taken by darkness. They picked up right where they left off. It was like they never broke up. Harry climbed the stairs to his bedroom, outside the door he heard the shower running and knew Ginny was in there. He crossed the room and entered the bathroom. Ginny turned in the shower and noticed a fuzzy shadow on