Posted 10/18/2013, Edited 11/5/2013 . Alright, so what is this about? Well, I can't tell you everything, of course –that would be plain boring, right? But since this story will take some time and will end up very well into the six digit word count, some sort of introductory comment is in order. . The story consists of two main threads, the first being Harry's preparations for the war and his role in it, the second dealing with his love life, or rather, the lack of such. Depending on your interpretation, it branches off either between the books five and six or during the talk with Dumbledore in his office, but it makes no difference. Troll? Fought and done with. Basilisk and diary? Killed and destroyed. Sirius? Escaped, hidden, lured into the Ministry, killed. Tri-Wizard Tournament? Done and won. You get the idea. And yes, the diary was what it had been in canon. There might be some added events, fitting into hitherto untold time periods in the past, for example, the years at Privet Drive before Hogwarts, but I don't intend to change events that have been described up until the talk with Dumbledore; that being said, I cannot guarantee the same for the interpretation of any incidents from canon. . But I digress. So here is what you can expect: - Clarifications on magic, some important, other not, some in contrast with canon, others not. You can think of them as explanation attempts for some details here and there, mostly to connect the dots. It is explained in the story and concerns mostly the Mind Arts as well as magic as a whole, mainly how and why it works. Since I dislike the canonical definition of Arithmancy as 'Studying the magical properties of numbers, including predicting the future with numerology', I gave it a slightly different purpose. I mean, come on, up to five years of that in Hogwarts alone? For what reason? I tried an explanation of Runes as well, especially the underlying rules and concepts of the art itself. Also a slight addition to Horcruxes, mainly because it made so much sense. - Character and story development. No love on page one, child by the third chapter. No sudden, but unmentioned best friend of the trio who weathered all of their adventures, yet was always just outside the room or frame whenever the books focused on them. No surprise relatives popping up all over the place. No mountains of gold drowning Harry. No sudden Ron the Death Eater either; Luna and the Sorting Hat are a different matter, though. It is meant as a story, telling a journey of sorts; for that reason, characters will develop (hopefully in a reasonable fashion). There will be Daphne Greengrass, and she will play a bit of an important role. With how little we know about her, I took some liberties with her character; the longer I worked on the story, the more she grew in an unexpected way and gained more background than I intended, and not necessarily the popular Ice Queen personality either, out to break hearts and heads of boys. If that bothers you and you cannot live without that, well, tough luck. I don't mind harming characters. Why should I? Torturing them is half the fun, and what doesn't kill them, makes them stronger. Or traumatizes them, I guess, but that's also way too much fun to stop me. I'm just saying. I don't want anyone complaining about me not thinking of the children. Since it is not canon, I allowed myself some small, but important alterations/additions to the wizarding world, marriage contracts being the main one. I explain the rules of those in the story, so just wait for a while. No harem. Sorry, I know some people like them, but I have another direction to go and already far too much to deal with. Besides, writing more than one relationship will just bloat the story even more. So there you go. . This is a work of fiction, based on the book series by J.K. Rowling. Neither do I claim ownership nor do I intend to. Chapter One – The Lost Life . 'The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches… born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies … and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not … and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives … the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies …' The voice that had echoed in the office just moments ago fell silent, and the silvery figure sank back into the Pensieve. The portraits looked on with baited breaths. Dumbledore watched Harry sitting in front of his desk, waited for a sign, or a reaction. Part of him was tempted – Oh, so tempted to take a peek into the boy's mind –but knew better than to try; everyone who knew the Headmaster could see the temptation lurking behind those eyes, and yet would have known the old man would not give in. Had he not learned his lesson? He could not dare to give in, to follow these selfish notions, his curiosity. His need to prove himself had never led him to any success but instead to ruination. And so he waited, ignoring his exhaustion. Inside Harry, an all-consuming fire was raging, threatening to burst forth, but held back for the moment. Anger at Dumbledore for his part, for his lack of action and foresight, at his own powerless state and lack of caution, anger at the Ministry for failing at the most rudimentary of tasks –keeping the people save, something they had so shamefully neglected in their stubbornness –mixed with fierce hatred at Bellatrix and her chosen master for ever crossing his path. Fury directed at Snape's... at Snape, merely for existing, for not jumping into action, but just standing by, at Hermione for not stopping him in his foolishness, at Neville for blindly following, at Luna for being far too nice to really hate her for anything, at Ron for being such an idiot to get cursed with whatever had made him lose his mind for a time, at Ginny for getting hurt during their escape... Why had he, Harry, who had been told Voldemort could enter his mind, believed the vision? He had been an idiot, blinded by his fears. He should have realized they were walking into a trap when they hadn't met a single Ministry worker. But worse than the flames coursing through his veins was perhaps the din in his mind –as if hundreds of voices were sounding in his ears, each one louder than the last. Harry heard what sounded like a Ron stumbling through his best attempts at a laughable consolation, a Hermione, reminding him in a slightly superior tone how she had foreseen the trap and had tried to warn him only to have him not listen to her as he usually did, a Dudley laughing at Harry's misfortune just like he had done in the past, Piers Polkins out of breath hissing cruel taunts and threats far too close to the ear just like he had always done when he had held someone's arms behind their back in the tone that could make the skin crawl, Mrs. Cooper from elementary school brushing off Harry like always, Mr. Baker, bored as he had been each time Harry had heard him, explaining slowly why, exactly, it had been Harry's fault something had happened –even if he hadn't been anywhere near the scene –and a Bellatrix, mocking him for his completely ineffective fury. The soothing of Sirius Harry overheard, fearing the words. Harry knew it had been his fault –who else's could it have been? –and nothing the sound alike said would ever change that simple fact. Mrs. Weasley's voice resounded as if amplified by magic in his mind, mourning the loss only half-heartedly as she would most likely do in real life –Sirius and she had been on less than cordial terms, again a fault of Harry's. And, as always, there was also a Dumbledore who was trying to find comforting words all the while the ever-present Snape murmured his taunts and cruelties that everyone else chose to overhear about Harry, his father and 'the mutt'. Finally, Harry moved. The fire threatened to consume him, or maybe break free and burn the man in front of him, and Harry couldn't even be angry at the force of nature waiting to be unleashed. And yet he found himself wanting to have even more fuel for his hatred of Dumbledore. It was for that reason he felt himself saying, "This has to do with me, hasn't it? It's me, right?" His voice was calm, measured. "This prophecy? I have to... fight him?" A good sign, Dumbledore seemed to decide from his expression. Truly, the boy –young man, really –was far more mature than anyone ever gave him credit for. "Yes and no, Harry. The prophecy spoke of a boy 'born as the seventh month dies', a boy whose parents defied Voldemort on three separate occasions. That part could have applied to both you and young Mr. Longbottom, as both sets of parents had done so. And you were both born at the end of July of 1980. Technically, it could have also meant a boy born in late July of any of the following years. However, Voldemort had never heard anything more than the first half of the prophecy, everything after 'born as the seventh month dies' is still only known to the two of us. Based on what had actually reached his... well, him, Voldemort went and tried to eliminate the potential threat to his existence. He chose to go after you, the half-blood. We know what happened, of course. 'The Dark Lord will mark him as his equal', and so he did. So for what it is worth, the prophecy means you, yes, but mainly, because Voldemort made it so by attacking your family. It is true and will be fulfilled, because of Voldemort's decisions. Fate can sometimes be rather peculiar in that manner." Harry seemed to mull this information over in his head. In truth, however, his mind had long since made the connections, or rather, the Hermione in his mind had and was exasperatedly telling him off for taking so very long to see the conclusion, the one he didn't want to accept, the truth at the centre of these ploys and games surrounding him. But he needed to know. "So... I have some unknown power to defeat Voldemort?" Dumbledore smiled kindly. "A power He knows not, Harry. Either one Voldemort honestly doesn't know because his studies never revealed it to him, or one he doesn't understand. I think it is the latter. You see..." But Harry interrupted him, longing to hear the words from the Headmaster. "'...and either must die at the hand of the other...'" "That is the only possible outcome, I think, but only due to your personalities. Neither will Voldemort stop in his quest to eliminate the one threat to his dominance, his one weakness –you –nor will you, I believe and hope, stop opposing him. Think of all he has taken –all the loss he has caused –even just from you! Will you step aside; let others burden the pain, the struggle? Ultimately, you could try to refuse the calling, let others battle Voldemort, but will he respect your wishes?" "So we will fight until one of us is dead," Harry concluded in the same calm tone. The noise in his head was nearly overwhelming, growing louder each moment, and the fire burned hotter than ever. How long until it would burst forth? Would his magic react, perhaps by causing