Title: The Weary Traveler Author: Legolas-gurl88 Disclaimer: Legolas and Middle-Earth belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. The rest belong to me. Author Note: I thought of this story when listening to a song! Just as a warning, this story might not be for everyone because there is a lot of dialogue in it and some might see it as boring. If you don't like this story, you might like my other one-chappie story 'Haer en Hith' which is completely different. It gets in touch with feelings and inner thoughts and torture. So check it out! Thanks for coming to this story! Story time! ()o()o() The sun was half disappeared; its light brightened the beautiful blues, pinks, yellows and purples of the sky above. The world was at peace. Mirthful songs rang out in the open, not a worry or care was thought of that night. In a small town in Rohan, residing in the middle of the Brown Lands, shutters were being closed as children were sent to bed and women said farewell to their husbands. The pub that dwelled on the edge of the village was filled with men, laughing and feasting on meat and alcohol. Barrel after barrel of ale was emptied dry. Well into the night, the songs grew louder and merrier, just as the cheeks of the men grew rosier. Soon, some of the men stumbled home, drunk, to their wives who lay awake in bed, waiting for their husbands' returns. Very few remained in the pub now, only those without a family to think of. Soon, the pub was empty, save one man who just came in. The pub's lady walked from table to table, taking mugs from tables and dropping them in her bin to be cleaned. She wiped each table with a dirty rag as her husband sat behind the counter, serving up a mug of ale to an old man. The candles that were on the walls were flickering and spitting out. Their wicks had long since been used. "'Ere ye go. 'Tis our special, tonight." said the pub owner, his voice scratchy from when he joined in with the merry tunes, handing the man his ale. The old man had a long gray beard and gray eyes. Each wrinkle, each worry told a tale of his younger years. "Thank ye, sir." said the man, paying the pub owner his money. The pub owner gave the man a toothless smile as the customer chose a seat close by. He sat for a while, watching the wife in the back, scrubbing dishes silently, her curly brown hair tied up with a rag to keep it out of her face. Her nose was smudged with ash from the fireplace which she had stoked several times that night. "'S a chill comin' in tonight." said the man, pulling the collar of his shirt up around his neck. "Reckon every fireplace'll be a'goin' soon." The pub owner grabbed a dirty mug from the table and began wiping it, looking at the ceiling in thought. "Bad business, the cold is." he replied. "No one wants to make trips to the pub when they can stock up at home fer the winter." "Now, we'll get by, don't you worry," said the woman, coming around with the tub to take up more mugs from the tables she had not managed to reach yet, her skirts swishing with every movement. "There's always someone with a cravin' fer our ale." "Reckon we could bargain wif them Elves." said the pub owner to his wife. "They's s'posed ter have real good wines and ales, 'specially them Mirkwood bunch o' pointy-eared, arrow-shootin', poem-singin' rascals. Maybe a few of them rabbit pellets'll do fer pay." The customer shook his head. "Nah, they don' much care fer animal skins the way we do. T'would kill 'em to see one o' their furry friends skinned. They's all in love with nature." He gave a grunt of laughter. "Nature. Who needs it? I can get on right well wifout it." There was a slight pitter-patter of rain on the windows, tiny droplets sliding down the glass and creating puddles on the sills. Outside, the dirt paths began to get slick and slippery. Anyone who was outside retreated to the comfort of their houses to dry. The woman sighed as the rain fell harder. "No more business tonight, that's fer sure. Sir," she addressed the old man kindly, touching his arm with her white fingers, "ye can stay as long as ye want ter. We're just going to be closin' up now." "S' kind 'o ye ma'am." he replied giving a slight head bow in her direction. She grinned slightly and returned to her work of collecting dirty mugs and dishes. The fire made hissing noises as escaped rain droplets traveled down the chimney and dropped into the flames. As the woman stoked it again, the pub owner counted the profits that jangled in his pockets. "Name's Thymes, by the way." said the old man, taking another great gulp of ale. "Sirah." replied the pub owner. "An' me wife, Lenséna." "Elated in meetin' ye, Thymes." said Lenséna, curtseying, then continuing to gather mugs a tub resting on her hip to fill with the dirty silverware. When the wooden tables were cleaned of any dishes or grime, she retreated to the back again and began scrubbing in the soapy water, stinging her tired hands and spattering her skirt. After each dish was cleaned, it was placed in the cupboard where the flatware was kept. "So, Thymes," said Sirah, "ye know many Elves? Sounds ter me like ye know a lot about them." "Nah." said Thymes. He lifted his mug to his mouth and drained the last of the amber ale. Sirah grabbed the mug and went to one of the corked barrels, refilling the mug without even asking for more money. Once the mug was back in Thymes' hand, he continued. "Never even seen one up close afore. Only read about them from people who do know 'em. Most o' the Gondorians know plenty Elves." "What do ye read about them?" Lenséna asked, her head popping out from behind the door to the back. "There are three main races; Rivendell-- they call it Imladris or somthin', Lothlórien, or Lórien, and the closest to us, and the biggest of the three forests, Mirkwood." Sirah visibly shuddered, rubbing his left arm absentmindedly. "I've heard awful things about men who've traveled into tha' forest. If they're not shot to death by the Elves, they're killed by stray Orcs or eaten alive by giant spiders. An' you know what else I've heard? The Elves have made friends with them spiders and have trained them to eat intruders, so whenever a man walks in, they sit back an' laugh as the spider rips them limb from limb!" "I heard tha' one o' their kind was actually trusted to help the little man take that Ring into Mordor to be destroyed!" said Lenséna. "Little man?" asked Thymes. "What little man?" "I forget what they're called," said Silah, taking out a dirty rag, equally as dirty as Lenséna's, and wiped the bar with it. "Somethin' little. Little rascals with furry feet and heads full o' curly hair. Four o' them were taken with the Ring. Along with two Men, a Dwarf, and one of the old Istari, Stormcrow, I think it was." "Haven't heard from ol' Stormcrow in a while, have we, Silah?" asked Lenséna. Then, she turned to Thymes and explained. "He came in here a long while ago, probably about five years. He was traveling and needed rest, so he stopped here. Drank eight barrels of our ale and still walked out, his path, strait as an arrows'!" "Well I'll be," laughed Thymes. "Thought only them Elves could do that!" "Wizards are strange folk, they is. Powerful but dangerous. Just don't get on Stormcrow's bad side or he'll take a whack at you with is great long staff." said Silah. The three of them remained quiet as Thymes emptied yet another tankard and it was immediately refilled by Silah. Lenséna, who was finished with her chores sat down next to Thymes. "Tell me more about them Elves. They's very interesting creatures." "Not when one's got a rope tied around yer neck and is hangin' yeh from a tree. They're cannibals, I reckon. Kill everything fer the meat, either that or fer joy." said Thymes. Dramatically, lighting flashed outside and make the three of them jump. "I thought you said they was one with nature." Silah remarked, leaning over and resting his elbows on the bar. "Not animal meat," said Thymes and placed his index finger on his throat and pulled it across in a slicing motion. Lenséna gasped and clapped a hand to her throat as if to protect it. Thymes nodded eerily and drank from his mug. "They're killers?" Lenséna whispered worriedly. "Every last one o' them." Another flash of lighting struck, but was echoed by an extremely loud bang. Silah, Thymes and Lenséna all jumped and turned, for the banging sound had come from the front door as it was kicked open by someone. The flash from the lighting had now grown dim and only the outline of the tall figure could be seen. As the stranger took a single step forward and stopped, they could see that a drenched cloak was draped over his shoulders and the hood was pulled over his eyes, and Silah and Lenséna could hardly recognize someone from town by seeing their noses and mouths alone. It seemed forever that the figure stood in the doorway, staring at all of them with eyes they could not see. Behind him, a white horse was tied to the fence and drinking from the horses' trough that was overflowing from the continuing rain. The traveler (whoever he was) seemed undisturbed by the chill of the rain or the flash of the lighting. His hands were white and his nails clean, unlike anyone in town. On his back was strapped a longbow, a quiver of arrows and two knives. Around his waist, they could see as he threw back the folds of his cloak, a sword rested in a scabbard that was designed by the people of Rohan. It was from that that Silah, Lenséna and Thymes assumes he was from Rohan-- only until they saw two broaches fastening his cloak around his neck-- one was of a leaf, and this had little meaning to the three who stared at the stranger. The other broach was that of Gondorian style. Silah was the first to assume that this man was a wanderer, because what would a man with the scabbard of Rohan, a broach of Gondor, and mysteriously crafted weaponry be doing so far from any of the boundaries that his articles were from? "Well are ye comin' in or not?" he asked. In answer, the man reached a white hand behind him and closed the door, the next bought of thunder slightly muffled. He walked silently to the furthermost corner of the pub and sat in one of the chairs. Surprised by this odd behavior, Silah, Lenséna and Thymes could do nothing more but stare at this strange man who stared right back from under his drenched hood that now had droplets of water forming on the edges and were occasionally dripping off and onto his lap. "What be yer name, stranger?" Lenséna asked, cocking her head slightly, trying to see under the hood. The man didn't answer right away but stared at them as if questioning their reliability. Then, he opened his pale lips. "Legolas." he said shortly. Yet in that moment of voice, Silah, Lenséna and Thymes felt a new warmth was over them and for some reason, found themselves comfortable where they were, though all three were aching from a tiresome day. Lenséna could have sworn that her heart almost skipped a beat when this stranger spoke. "Aren't ye