An: In this story, I'll be loosely following canon, but instead of luck, Harry will use his intelligence to get out of situations. He will be stronger than canon but not enough that he can be counted as 'op', at least not to an extent where Voldy becomes a non-issue. This will be a humorous fic, to an extent and will exploit, to an extent, the lack of common sense that wizards have. I don't want to think of this as a crack-fic cuz its not, but you can think what you want of it. PS: I will be updating the Wizarding Bat, I've got about 900ish words of the chapter done but I'm trying to finish it. *** One day in Harry's school library, when Harry is 8. Harry closed the lid on his latest book, another one from the fantasy genre. It was reasonably well written but the protagonist of the book made it through the entire story entirely on his good luck and a bunch of flukes. From his own experience, Harry knew that luck had never been on his side. At that moment he decided that he wouldn't rely on luck to solve his problems but then came across the next dilemma. How would he solve his problems? The Dursleys' malnourishment of him meant that he wouldn't be becoming particularly strong anytime in the near future. He had to become smart, beyond the norm and talk his way through life. That would be the only way he could survive. *** Privet Drive, when harry is 11 "Fetch the mail, boy. " Vernon ordered Harry. Harry silently went and retrieved the mail, flicking through all of the letters quickly, while walking back to the dining room. He stopped dead in his tracks at the last letter. Mr. Harry J Potter Cupboard under the stairs, Privet Drive, Surrey There was a letter for him! He had never received a letter before, and he knew that Vernon would never let him read it if he ever saw the letter. On his way to the dining room, Harry slid the letter into his cupboard before reaching the breakfast table and giving the mail to Vernon and silently moving to clear the plates, which Vernon and Dudley had demolished, including the one piece of toast that Harry had. Harry didn't bother protesting. Vernon put down the mail with a satisfied grunt, "What took you so long, boy?" "I slipped and dropped the mail." Harry lied with a straight face that showed regret. Vernon sneered, "Shoulda expected it of a freak like you." Harry nodded quickly and almost sprinted to his cupboard. When he was inside, he eagerly opened his letter. Dear Mr. Potter, You have been admitted into the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, please send you acceptance by owl, no later than the 30 th of August this year. The first day of school will be on the 1 st of September, Yours, Assistant Headmistress McGonagall Below the letter was a list of ridiculous sounding books and things to buy. Harry's heart sunk a bit, but he held some hope. He didn't know what an owl was, so he nicked a pound from Dudley and stole a sheet of a4 paper from Vernon and mailed an acceptance letter to 'Hogwarts'. He had little hope that it was actually going to work, but sending a letter wouldn't hurt right? In his letter he had included that he needed proof that magic existed. *** Next Day The Dursleys heard three sharp raps on their door, just after dinner. "Open the door, boy." Harry nodded and went to open the door, and saw an old woman standing outside in extremely old fashioned clothing. "Hello, I'm Harry, who might you be?" Harry asked politely. Minerva nodded, "I'm Professor McGonagall, Harry, it's my job to introduce muggle-borns and muggle-raised to the wizarding world." At this she frowned, "Though it was expected that your aunt and uncle would already have explained the wizarding world to you." Harry snorted inwardly and was about to answer when Vernon bellowed from the dining room. "BOY, WHO'S AT THE DOOR!" Minerva's lips thinned a bit at the derogatory tone in Vernon's voice. Harry had to think fast, he couldn't lie because McGonagall would become suspicious, but telling the truth would risk the Dursleys throwing McG out of the house altogether. In the end he decided to tell the truth, "Somebody from a place named Hogwarts." Harry said softly, hoping for the best. Vernon stormed into the room. "Look here, I won't be paying for some fool to teach the freak magic tricks." Vernon snapped at McG. McG's lips thinned some more. "Mr. Potter will be attending Hogwarts no matter what a muggle like you thinks of it." She said back before ignoring Vernon completely. McG pointed her wand at a chair in the corner of the drawing room and levitated the chair. "At Hogwarts, you will learn several branches of magic, including Charms, Transfiguration, Potions, Defence against the Dark Arts among others…" McG took a breath, "Let me also warn you that due to events that took place while you were a baby, you've become a somewhat famous personality in the wizarding world. Would it be convenient if I took you to Diagon Alley tomorrow?" Harry smiled politely, "If you give me the directions and the money, I'm sure I could find my way myself." McG shook her head. "I'm afraid that muggle-raised are to be escorted to Diagon Alley on their first visit." Harry cursed inwardly but smiled outwardly. "Then sure, we can go tomorrow afternoon, it is a Saturday." As soon as McG left, Harry was shouted at, kicked in the ribs and thrown into his cupboard in Vernon's fit of anger. *** Next afternoon McG picked up Harry when she was supposed to, noticing but not commenting on Harry's very well hidden wince as he walked. She gave him a cap to wear before they reached a dirty looking pub that everybody else in the vicinity seemed to ignore. McG led him through the pub, exchanging a few words with the bartender, Tom, before she took him out the back. "To get into Diagon Alley, you need to swipe your wand, when you get it, along the bricks like this." McG demonstrated and the wall moved aside to let them through into the bustling magical alley. Harry stared around in barely concealed wonder. McG hid a smile at his reaction. "Our first stop will be the Wizarding Bank, Gringotts. Your parents left you their sizeable fortune. We will be making a withdrawal from your trust vault." They walked up to the teller. McG nodded respectfully. "What may I do for you?" the teller asked coolly. "Mr. Potter would like to make a withdrawal from his trust vault." The goblin nodded, "Key, please." McG provided the key, pulling it out of her purse. The teller, 'Griphook', led them to a cart and belted them in, and sat at the front, as the cart took off at high speeds, falling and rising rather like a roller coaster. Harry thought that it was designed that way to disorient passengers so that potential thieves couldn't find their way around the underground tunnels of Gringotts. With a screeching halt they reached Harry's vault. "You will have to wait outside, Professor." Griphook stated. McG nodded and waited in the cart. Harry went inside the vault with the goblin and filled the pouch that McG had given him to the brim with golden galleons, taking as much money as possible. "McGonagall said this was a trust vault. Does that mean that I have a family vault too?" Harry asked, while filling his pouch with money. "You do have the Potter family vault but you may not access it till you are 17 or emancipated by the ministry." Griphook stated emotionlessly. Harry nodded and went back out with his pouch of galleons. "That's more money than you will need." McG stated. Harry flashed her an innocent smile. "This way I don't have to come back to get my money for Christmas presents." McG nodded her acceptance. "Just don't waste it all on candy or anything like that." "Yes Professor." Harry said. The first place that McG took Harry too was Madam Malkins, the clothing shop. Harry inwardly wrinkled his nose at how impractical wizarding robes were but smiled politely and stood completely still while Malkin measured him and the boy standing next to him. "Hogwarts too?" the blonde next to him asked. "Yes." Harry said. The Blonde extended a hand. "Draco Malfoy." "Harry." "Named after the whole 'Potter craze' were you?" Draco asked. Harry smiled sheepishly, "Yes." 'Potter craze? Am I that famous!?' Harry thought. "What house do you think you'll be in?" Draco asked. Harry hadn't heard about the houses yet, so he answered vaguely. "Don't know yet, do we." Harry said, making his question sound rhetorical but still there, in case he was supposed to know. "No, I suppose we don't, but I know I'll be in Slytherin." The blonde puffed out his chest self-importantly. Draco finished first and his father walked into the store to pick him up. Nobility, Harry noted, while Draco and his father walked off. After the clothing shop, Harry was taken to the book store. Harry smiled widely. "I'll pick up your potions ingredients and you can pick up the books on your list." McG said, before taking two galleons from him and bustling off as if she had done it a million times before. Harry quickly picked up his school books before picking up a few on customs and traditions, some on Runes and Arithmancy and a few other texts he thought would be useful to keep himself ahead of the class. He also picked up some books that claimed to be about him. McG came to pick him up and muttered 'Ravenclaw' when she saw the pile of books that Harry had picked up. Next, McG took Harry to Ollivanders wand shop. Harry didn't let himself look rattled by Ollivander's speech which left the creepy old man looking somewhat disappointed. "Ah, Mr. Potter, I've been expecting you. I'm sorry to say that I sold the wand that did that." Ollivander reached out a hand and touched Harry's scar. Harry had to work hard to not flinch at Ollivander's touch. After a long line of wands, Harry finally found one that responded to him. "Aah! SO curious, very curious." Ollivander commented. "What is?" Harry asked. "The phoenix that gave the feather for this wand also gave the feather for the wand of you-know-who!" Harry looked slightly confused. "Who?" "The man who killed your parents." McG whispered. "Oh." Harry didn't know how to respond. He numbly paid the 7 galleons, thinking about this you-know-who fellow. McG handed him a cage. "Here, I bought you something for your birthday." It was a snowy owl. "Thank you!" Harry responded. McG almost smiled. "What will you name it?" "Hedwig." *** Hogwarts Express McG had explained how to get to the Hogwarts Express, Harry managed to wheedle Vernon to take him to Kings Cross at the threat of the 'freaks' showing up again. He had arrived early and picked an empty cabin. A red-headed boy opened the door to his cabin. "Can I sit here, everywhere else is full." "Sure." Harry smiled back. "Hi, I'm Ron, Ron Weasley." "Harry." "Blimey! Are you Harry Potter!" Seeing no way out other than outright lying, Harry nodded, already taking a dislike to the redhead. "Yes." "Are you really!" "That is what I just said." "Do you remember that night!?" Ron asked excitedly, irritating Harry some more. He had read the book about what had happened. Apparently, the dark wizard Voldemort had shot a killing curse at him but it had been reflected back unto Voldemort and killed him instead, and Harry had been hailed as the saviour of the wizarding world, personally Harry found