Chapter One: Pureblood A/N: So this is the first chapter of my Remus/OC story :) It will probably end up being long! Selene's will be the primary POV, but you may end up getting other characters too ;) The first couple of chapters will span over first to fourth year, but after that the story will be from fifth year onwards. Also, a huge thank you to LovelyFandomLover for her help with betaing this! " In our extreme youth, in our most humiliating sorrow, we think we are alone. When we are older we find that others have suffered too." – Suzanne Moarny Selene Malfoy We were children when it started. Naive, innocent teenagers who didn't know a lot beyond the safety of Hogwarts's walls. All we knew were hexes, pranks, childhood grudges and the thrill of a Quidditch game. We didn't know what was out there . The Dark Lord was building an army the likes of which we couldn't fathom, because we were children . But we changed. We hardened up, we lost loved ones, we became soldiers. Yet even as we fought against the darkness, the cracks started to show on the inside. Who were the Marauders now? Could they trust each other? They were falling apart. My name is Selene Malfoy and this is my story. It is not a love story, or even a story about love, although I suppose there is some love in it. It is the story of life and death, of how hard we fought and how much we lost. This is the story of the Marauders. Being from a pureblood family, being from the Malfoy family, there is only one house that it is acceptable to be sorted into. Salazar Slytherin was practically a god within the pureblood world. The thing that you must understand is that many of the old families prided themselves on their purity, on the fact that their blood was not tarnished by mingling with Mudbloods…sorry, Muggle-borns. I suppose at the start – and for quite a while after that – I was what many Hogwarts students would consider to be a snob. Our family was very wealthy, so I had the newest of everything when I clambered aboard the Hogwarts express. Beautiful wand, expensive robes and brand-new textbooks. A Malfoy wanted for nothing. I made friends on the train. Friendships that had been dictated by pureblood politics before I had even set foot into a carriage. I recognised names: Mulciber, Rosier, Avery. These were the people that I was meant to befriend. During the entire trip, all I could think of was the Sorting. What if I wasn't sorted into the right house? Merlin's beard, what if I was put in Hufflepuff ? I was not an easily agitated person, but the thought of being a disappointment to my family kept me nervous until we were in the Great Hall, and my name was called. "Malfoy, Selene!" I licked my dry lips and sat down as the Sorting Hat was placed upon my head. I remember what it said to me that day, although I would not understand until later. You like to think you're just like the others, but you're different, aren't you? There's some backbone in you… The Sorting Hat must have heard my desperate pleas to be sorted into Slytherin, because that was where I went. I was proud, my brother was proud, my family was proud. That was all that was meant to matter. In the first few years, I felt secure within my little pureblood network. When I was older, and I started to think for myself, I felt out of place. All of the friends I'd made on the train were, of course, also sorted into Slytherin. There was only one Sorting that made frown – when Sirius Black was sent to Gryffindor. The Hat took a split second to decide, and I remember the scowl across his face as he'd loped over to sink in among the Gryffindors. The Blacks were a pureblood family. I knew that because Mum and Dad had been talking about a match between Lucius and one of the girls, Narcissa. But there were darker and more dangerous things than a simple odd sorting to worry about, as I soon discovered. I was in my first year of Hogwarts when I saw the mark on my brother's arm that showed him for what he was. It looked odd to me, the serpent coming out of the mouth of a skull, but even at that eleven, I was old enough to guess at what it meant. I would never had admitted that, so I played the naive card. "Lucius, what is that?" I pressed my fingers lightly to the ink-black tattoo. He drew away as if my touch stung him. He was six years older than me, my dear brother. A big enough age difference to matter when I was still a child and he was legally an adult. But a child still sees fear, and that was what I saw in his grey eyes when I looked into them. "It doesn't matter." "That's the Dark Mark." Our parents spoke of Lord Voldemort with a bizarre sort of fascination. Purebloods had been avid supporters of him for many years, in fact our own father Abraxas had been at Hogwarts at the same time as a young Tom Riddle. But that was a name we must never use. "What does it matter?" Lucius snapped, tugging his sleeve down to hide it once more. "You're a little girl, what do you know about it?" "More than you'd think!" I exclaimed, hurt at his rejection. I had always looked up to Lucius, admired him, wanted to be like him. I had been so thrilled when I'd been sorted into Slytherin, just like my big brother. But at eleven years old, as a child shunned by her freshly-minted Death Eater brother, that was when I started to realise perhaps my adoration had been misplaced. My friends, oddly enough, were not all Slytherins. I think it's a common misconception that we tend to stick to our own, but it's not the case. It's really only the Gryffindors we actively avoid, and I'm sure they'd say the same about us. In fact, my two best friends were a Ravenclaw – Marlene McKinnon – and a Hufflepuff – Benjy Fenwick. We were all quite different, but maybe that's what made our friendship work. Perhaps it was even as young as that when I began to realise I wasn't a typical Slytherin, preferring the company of other houses over my own. I didn't have too many Slytherin friends – the boys especially were insufferable and incredibly immature, so I had very little to do with them. Lucius was the one who pulled me up on my friendship with Marlene and Benjy. "Are they really the sort of friends you want to have, Selene?" "Whatever do you mean?" I frowned and rubbed my arms as we stood in the Owlery. It was the middle of winter and I'd never been able to stand the chill. Lucius was finishing off a letter to send home from both of us. "What other sort of friends would I have?" "Well, Benjy's a half-blood for a start." Lucius signed off the letter, handing it to me so that I could do the same. I did so with probably more savagery than required, shoving the parchment back at Lucius. "It's not like he's a Mudblood." "No, but you should focus on establishing connections with people that matter ," Lucius insisted, tying the letter to the leg of one of the school owls. I chewed at my lip, frustrated beyond belief. I had just turned twelve and had very little interest in any sort of connections . I just wanted to have friends that I would be able to have fun with. "I still don't understand." Lucius offered me an adoring smile, the sort he gave me so rarely these days. As the owl fluttered off to its destination, to our home in Wiltshire, Lucius stepped forward and placed a kiss on my forehead. He drew back and tucked my hair behind my ears. I tugged away from him, embarrassed at being treated like I was a small child. "Sometimes I forget how young you are. One day you'll see." Lucius graduated when I finished my first year. It was always obvious that my brother was going to do spectacular things. One of the most important things that our father had always taught us was the value of connections. Lucius had befriended and socialised with the finest of the pureblood families. Malfoy was not a name to be taken lightly, and so it was only a scarce few weeks after his graduation that my brother was offered a junior position within the Ministry of Magic. It was all my parents could talk about for ages. I was twelve at the time, and thoroughly irritated at the fact that my brother had stolen the spotlight for such an extended period of time. I became spiteful, and one evening when my parents were congratulating my brother yet again on his position within the Ministry – he had already begun networking, and Dad was giving him important names – I put my knife and fork down and spoke out. "But what would the Ministry think of a Death Eater working there?" I asked quietly. The question was innocent enough, and mostly curiosity with only the hint of a threat. Nonetheless, it made anger spark in Lucius's eyes. He pushed himself to his feet, the chair scraping across the wooden floorboards making me wince. He grabbed me by the wrist and yanked me to my feet. I almost stumbled over my own feet, struggling to balance as Lucius's fingers tightened unforgivingly on my small wrists. "We don't speak about that," Lucius snapped, eyes narrowing. My gaze turned to my parents, but neither of them made a move to help me. I was a twelve-year-old child and he was an eighteen-year-old young man. I felt like I was being bullied. He grabbed me by the shoulders and shook me hard. "Do you understand, Selene? That sort of talk doesn't leave this house." I knew why. I knew that many were suspicious of the Dark Lord and his intentions, and that Lucius working for him would be met with fear by some. I choked out a sob and nodded. Lucius had never treated me this way before. Instantly, regret glimmered in his eyes. He took a step back and examined his hands as if trying to recall what had possessed him. I fled the dining room, knowing that I couldn't suppress the tears streaming down my cheeks, knowing that when it came to their two children, my parents would always choose Lucius over me. I was in my second year when I joined the Quidditch team as a Keeper. It was ultimately a good choice – I had quick reflexes and despite being small, I could move fast between the hoops. Of course, our Quidditch games often meant that we were thrashed by Gryffindor and their insufferable Seeker, James Potter. Potter and his gang of miscreants were renowned throughout the school for their pranks, but I held nothing but contempt for them. They weren't funny. They were simply trying too hard. But I didn't play Quidditch to win, despite the competitive nature of the game. I played for the thrill of whizzing around at high speed, the wind whipping my hair. I was one of only two girls on the team, the other being a sixth year called Geena Donner. I always knew that Evan Rosier was my destiny. Oh, his friends – Dominic Avery, Alexander Wilkes and Isaac Mulciber, among others – were alright, but they weren't the brightest. Evan was smart and quick-witted, and he had the most dazzling smile. It was Lucius who