Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night A fanfiction by trufflelaw ~1~ Ill-Fated Words . . . Wind fluttered through the branches of the trees, and the horses stood waiting, tossing their heads and snorting in anticipation of the journey ahead. Their eighteen elven riders stood ready as well, waiting to depart. The weather was fair in the forests of the Greenwood today, but all of the woodland elves could feel the warmth of summer slipping from the breeze as autumn grew near. It was best that they made the journey now, before the forest decided to play one of its many tricks. King Thranduil knew this well, and it was for this reason that they departed a week early for the forests of Lorien, where a meeting of the elven council was being held this decade. He intended to make sure Greenwood the Great had a voice in matters of the council, no matter the state of affairs between the two of them. But this reasoning had not swayed the Prince, who had far less patience for court matters such as these. " Adar , you cannot be serious about this," Legolas said in the same consternated voice he used when expressing his dislike of politics. He was a far better warrior than a diplomat, he insisted, and he should be out on patrol duty rather than being holed up in the palace for the duration of his father's absence. "The council meeting is not for nearly a fortnight!" For his part, however, Thranduil simply ignored his son's protests. He tired of explaining the same thing to Legolas over and over again, and not a word ever reached the Prince's ears. "I will not stand to be late to such an event," said the king as he fastened his cloak about his shoulders, already on his way out. "And you, ion nin , will one day rule this kingdom. You must not shirk your duties now, for you will carry far more weight in the future." Legolas frowned. He didn't like it when his father spoke of such things. "I doubt I will be King of Mirkwood within even a few millennia," he countered, following Thranduil down the stone corridor as they neared the exit, outside of which the eighteen riders of the king's escort were waiting. "If ever. You know my strengths lie in battle." Thranduil's cloak fluttered about him as he mounted his white gelding swiftly, looking down at Legolas impassively from the saddle. "I care to hear no more of your complaints," he said in a tone that brooked no argument, blue eyes focused sternly on the one who stood like a chastised elfling before him. "I will return within a moon, Legolas. Until then, your responsibility lies with Mirkwood." Legolas met his father's gaze only briefly before he dropped his head, staring downwards. "Yes, my lord," he murmured in reply, knowing that further protest was futile. Thranduil was notoriously stubborn when it came to any kind of decision. Once his mind was made, it was nigh-impossible to change. Seeing that Legolas had no more words for him, Thranduil guided his horse further up the path, where he was flanked by two archers, and eight others rode in front while the other eight rode behind. He thought it unnecessary and slightly hassling that such a grand escort had to accompany him to Lorien, but the captain of the guard would not hear of the king riding alone outside their borders. It was too great of a risk to take, he said, especially with the threat of the shadow creeping across the land. "To Lorien," Thranduil said to the archers with a nod, and the clack of hooves on stone marked the beginning of their journey, the procession quickly disappearing into the thick forests. Legolas watched them go with a baleful stare, feeling a mixture of frustration and resentment now that he was left with the task of petty court matters in his father's absence. "It has been three thousand years, adar , and still you treat me like an elfling," he muttered under his breath. The sudden touch of a hand on his shoulder startled the Prince, and he turned swiftly to meet the gaze of Raenor, the ever solemn-faced captain of the archers. "Does something trouble you, Prince Legolas?" Raenor had an uncanny ability to read emotions, Legolas thought, and his powers of perception were appreciated, just maybe not at the moment. "It is nothing," sighed the prince, turning to glance at the woods. "I was merely thinking." "King Thranduil is only doing what he thinks best," came Raenor's voice from behind him, carried by the gentle breeze that had picked up, stirring Legolas' long blond hair. Legolas let out another quiet sigh. "I know, mellon nin , I know. But he cannot trust me to decide for myself where I can best serve our people?" The thought, which had been nagging at his mind for days, stung his pride. He hated that his father still treated him like a child even when he had proven himself time and time again. It didn't seem fair that no matter what he did, it was not enough. Raenor's stormy gaze stared into the forest over Legolas' shoulder, fixated on a nondescript point in the distance. "He trusts your judgment, Legolas. If he did not, how could he trust you to command the kingdom he has spent many long centuries protecting?" The Prince's eyes shifted right, where Raenor had come to stand next to him. "He trusts me to assume the part of a dutiful prince, playing at words in court while he is away." Raenor's words had truth to them, but Legolas could not help but be bitter. It felt like a slap in the face, especially after he had worked so hard to please his father. Thranduil could be infuriatingly difficult to please, and even more so to talk to. After centuries of trying to impress his father, Legolas had expected something… more. "Because you are the Prince," said Raenor simply, his gaze meeting Legolas' own. "It is your duty, even if you like it not." "I know it is my duty," Legolas said testily, turning his gaze back to the forest, his eyes restlessly scanning the fluttering leaves. "But my duty also lies with my people, to protect them from the threats we face out there." He extended his arm in a broad, sweeping gesture that indicated the dense forests of Mirkwood. "I could do much more if I were on patrol duty like I should be." "You sound like a petulant child," Raenor said in a reproachful tone, the elf's stormy gray eyes fixated sternly on Legolas. "Like an elfling who has been denied some frivolous whim." While he was Legolas' friend, and he did not like chastising him, the Prince needed to see his own folly. "There is nothing you can do to change it now, so do what you must: represent our kingdom, and your father, with grace." Legolas turned to Raenor with a frown, feeling betrayed. "When did I say I would not?" he said, trying to deflect the chastising tone. Raenor sighed. "It was merely advice, penneth ," he said, having given up on making Legolas see sense. It would come to the Prince once his frustration had mellowed, but not before. How alike are father and son... Raenor had known Thranduil in his younger days; the two of them had been soldiers in Mirkwood's army when Oropher still ruled, and Legolas was most definitely his father's son. He had known Legolas from the time the Prince had been born. "I do not need it," retorted Legolas, still entrenched in his frustration. If he was to keep watch over the kingdom, then he would do it all himself. After all, that was what his father did every day. Perhaps this would prove to stubborn Thranduil that his son was no longer an irresponsible elfling. "Then you will excuse me if I take my leave," said Raenor as he shook his head, turning back toward the palace, where he had intended to visit the healing halls in order to check on one of their wounded archers. The breeze made his cloak flap as he turned away, a sigh that echoed his own. Have caution, my Prince, he advised silently. Danger lies in far more than just the forest. ~oOo~ . . . A mere five days into his father's absence, Legolas felt like his nerves were already fraying. He didn't know how anyone could do this day in and day out, at least not without going mad! The Prince groaned and put his head in his hands, unable to concentrate further on the stack of papers in front of him. He slumped at his desk, wanting nothing more than to just walk away from it all. "Is this why you were so eager to leave, adar ?" he muttered under his breath, only half-joking. He sighed and set down his quill, leaving it in the inkwell as he rubbed his tired eyes. It was only noon, yet Legolas felt like he had not slept at all. He glanced down at the pages of trade agreements in front of him, renewals of wine trading contracts with Esgaroth, and sighed again. Why did the damn things have to be so long? It could have been summarized in far fewer words, Legolas thought. But he had to read them all, just to make sure they were not being cheated by a stray phrase. Loopholes were damn inconvenient things. After skimming over the last paragraphs, Legolas scrawled a signature at the bottom, unable to force himself to read further. No harm would come of it, he was sure. The men of Esgaroth were honest people, for the most part, and had never once tried to cheat them. The Prince then laid down his quill with a sigh, rubbing his temples as he felt a headache coming on. "Valar help me," he muttered to himself. He had to keep this up for another week, at the least. There was a knock on the door, just as Legolas' thoughts had begun to drift toward the forest and the open window in his office. He glanced up, grateful for the distraction. "You may enter," he called, and the doors opened to reveal a familiar face. He smiled, relaxing his diplomatic façade. "Lainathiel. What are you doing here?" "I came to see if the Prince would join me on a quick ride," replied the elleth with a mischievous smile. Her dark chestnut hair was neatly braided in the back, and the warrior plaits above her ears made her youthful face look mature beyond her few centuries. She and Legolas had become friends due to their shared experiences on border patrols, and he appreciated her bright, fiery enthusiasm and her frank, sometimes sarcastic wit, even if she could be a bit overzealous with it sometimes. Legolas looked at her with a wry smile. "I wish I could," he said truthfully. "But I have far more papers to read than I have eyes, so it is slow going." Lainathiel merely laughed. "Can't you give it a rest, Legolas? You've got that same grumpy look that King Thranduil gets when he's had enough." Legolas could not help but chuckle. "Am I truly so reminiscent of a dragon with the belly flux?" he joked, already feeling the weight of stress lessen on his shoulders. "Terrifyingly so," Lainathiel grinned, her brown eyes glimmering with teasing amusement. "Come. You might enjoy a respite from all this dullness." Legolas chuckled again as he stood, stretching the stiffness from his back. "Perhaps you are right. I will be of no use to the kingdom if I fall asleep at my desk." He decided that he would go, if only because it would break the monotony of such a dull task. Besides, what could a little ride