The Face Of The Hunger Games Caesar Flickerman was the face of the Hunger Games. Everyone knew him, his face. Tributes died and were forgotten, mentors wasted away, and victors eventually became old, but Caesar stood in his flickering limelight as the face of the Hunger Games. Torus Flickerman was head Gamemaker, and a close confidant to president Snow. His two children were always expected to take after him in his career with the Hunger Games. Caesar and Lavinia were exposed to every vile dinner, every pointless party that Gamemakers threw, their father watching over them with a cold smile on his face. Their father's plan backfired. Made to watch every Hunger Games since birth, Caesar grew to hate the Games with every fibre of his soul. When his sister was born, she was made to watch as well, her innocent eyes being made to watch the atrocities that their father orchestrated. Caesar was in his late teens when Lavinia was born, and had been made to work for the past three years as an understudy to his father, in the Game Programming Room. Forced to sign the contract by his relentless father, Caesar had no choice but to do what he's told, delivering messages and moving pieces of the arena like piece on a chessboard. He hated it. When, and only when it was possible, he would tweak things to make a tribute's situation that little bit easier, a kinder, cleaner death that what someone else would give them. Small mercy's though they were, he couldn't give them anywhere near often enough. Eventually, Caesar's classical face grew popular enough that he was thrown onto the stage, instead of being stuffed in the Gamemaker's room. He revels in his new job, knowing that at least he can send children off to their deaths with a kind word. His job still hurts, still keeps him up at night wondering which of the 23 faces he will not greet on the victors stage, but it is easier than pushing the button that kills them. Caesar cannot push buttons anymore. In his new home, he changes every button that controls some device to a switch, or if it's not possible, he just has it thrown out. He will not push anymore buttons. Lavinia is raped when she is 16, by Seneca Crane, who is positioning to take over from his father as head Gamemaker. She arrives at Caesar's door one night, in tears and gasping for breath. She begs him to take her in, and he does, sitting with her on the couch, stroking her hair until she manages to fall asleep. No-one believes them. Seneca Crane denies that he ever touched Lavinia, Torus Flickerman backhands his daughter across the face when she begs him to have him sent to trial, to examine the evidence. Mysteriously malfunctioned security cameras in Flickerman's home can give no evidence to the supposed daughter of the house's rape. When Lavinia is found to be pregnant, Torus throws his daughter out of the house, claiming that she is merely a whore, and that this pregnancy is certainly not a result of the rumoured rape. Caesar takes his sister in again for good, helping her through her pregnancy. That year, he dies his hair red, the bright red of blood. Lavinia's son survives. Caesar takes her to a poor hospital, where he knows one of the nurses. She is well-cared for, and Caesar is the second person to hold his new nephew. Together, brother and sister name the infant Russet, after the beautiful shade of hair he inherited from his mother. Caesar insists that Lavinia and Russet live with him, and he provides for them, watching over the two most important people in his life. The night he comes home to find Lavinia unconscious on the floor and Russet screaming from his cradle is a warning. There is a note left to Russets crib, written in red ink – 'His hair matches the colour of yours'. There is no signature, but there isn't a need for one. He knows exactly who sent it. The next year of the games, when it is time for Caesar to change his hair, he dyes it bright gold. Lavinia stays in the house with Russet, Caesar earns more than enough to keep all three of them comfortably. He finds a new position for the Avox assigned to him, and Lavinia takes over the running of the house. She says she likes it, because she can at least feel like she's helping. Caesar likes it too, having just the three of them as a little family. He loves Russet. The television in Caesar's house may always be tuned to the Hunger Games, but Russet is never forced to sit there, staring and studying the awful images. The only time Russet cheers at the television is when his beloved uncle comes on the screen. The year Annie Cresta wins is the beginning of the end. Caesar cheers silently in his heart for the poor, terrified girl as she is lifted out of the flooded arena. He hopes Seneca Crane was responsible for the stuff-up with the arena, hopes he will be punished for it. He is not, but a different Gamemaker dies a week later, due to an untimely heart attack, the word is. Caesar knows better. Annie's victory is delayed as she lies paralysed in a padded room. Caesar does his best to help Finnick Odair, who is unconsciously making a spectacle of himself as he runs around in hysterics about his young victor. Annie reminds Caesar of Lavinia. When Annie is finally well enough to be presented to the depraved eyes of the Capitol audience, Caesar spends several hours with Finnick Odair, carefully going over what he and Annie will be able to talk about in her interview. As Caesar leaves, Finnick asks him in a quiet voice why he cares, and Caesar, for some reason, tells him the truth. Annie reminds him of Lavinia. Annie's interview is pitiful in the terms of the audience, but Caesar knows it has gone remarkably well. It is evident in Finnick's voice as he thanks him, leading his shaking girl away from the stage. Everything really goes to pieces when Annie is made to attend the party at President Snow's mansion. Somehow, she becomes separated from Finnick and Mags, and they run everywhere, trying to find her, so Caesar helps. He finds her pinned to the wall by Seneca Crane, who is biting at her collarbone. What happened after is blurred for Caesar. He remembers screaming for Finnick, throwing himself at Seneca Crane, shoving him away from the poor terrified girl before she meets the same fate as Lavinia. He remembers the crack of Seneca's nose, the blood that began to flow under his hands, and the satisfaction he feels. He remembers the look in President Snow's eyes as he surveys the scene, as Finnick leads his trembling girl away from this hateful place. He remembers running to find an Avox, any Avox, to send a note to Lavinia telling her to run. He remembers returning home several hours later to find his house trashed, but neither Lavinia or Russet being there. Caesar woke several days after the party at Snow's manor. He awakes in a sticky pool of blood and glass on his floor, of his wrecked house. He is overcome by an enormous sense of relief, because this means that most likely, Lavinia escaped in time. His poor sister and her darling son are safe, at least for the moment. He cleans up his house, paying special attention to Russet's room. It is decorated with wallpaper covered in pictures of the coast, and Caesar wishes that he could have taken his sister and nephew to the beach, just once. He tries to go on with life, listening for any snippet or scrap of news about his missing sister. One day, when he walks into his dressing room, his eyes are immediately drawn to the white piece of paper wedged into the bottom of his mirror frame. I love you. Russet loves you. Thankyou so very much. Lavinia. Set on top of the note are two locks of bright red hair, only the slightest difference in shade. Caesar presses the note to his lips, whispering a thankyou. He takes the battery out of his watch, and puts the locks of vibrant hair safely in the empty cavity, keeping them next to his skin. He puts the note in his breast pocket, where he can feel the crisp paper against his chest. In 6 weeks, he buries Russet. He buries the little body in a casket, with a package he received from Finnick. The little package holds shells, some sand, and some colourful little starfish. It's the best he can give him, instead of the trip to the beach. President Snow personally sends him a handwritten note, expressing his sympathies for his now-Avox sister. She works in the headquarters for the Games, serving Seneca Crane. Caesar punches holes in the living room walls, crying for his sister. He wishes so much she had died along with Russet. He goes on screen the next day, after wiping all the makeup off his bruised and battered knuckles. He places his hands where the camera will be sure to catch them, and hopes that wherever she is, she will see them, and understand. Two days later, when Seneca Crane walks into the studio with a bright red handprint on the side of his face, staring daggers at Caesar, he is sure that she did see it. He smiles mockingly at Seneca, raising his glass just the smallest bit in his direction before gulping it down. Sometime later, he learns that his sister now serves District 12. Apparently Seneca decided she wasn't worth the trouble. This means Lavinia will be fetching Haymitch's liquor, and cleaning up after him and his tributes. Caesar likes Haymitch well enough. For all that's he's a drunk who didn't know how to act for the cameras, he's one of the better victors. He's not the sort to take out a drunken rage on a Avox girl, or any girl. But knowing his sister's situation still depends on him, Caesar toes the line. He continues to send children to their death's with the crowd cheering for them. He zealously performs his duty with a beaming smile on his stupid face, pulling off the act of a lifetime. Anyone watching would think he loves his job. He hates them all, sneers at the Capitol audience in his mind. The only time he shows honest emotion on stage is when he wishes the tributes well. He could not be more sincere in those moments. He wishes them quick, painless deaths, like the spear that travelled clean through Russet's heart. It would have killed him easily. Every time a red-headed tribute comes to the stage he feels a small pang, for his lost nephew. But he is far better off where he is, and Caesar doesn't wish him back to live this. Caesar never takes a lover, or a partner. He barely has any friends. Sometimes, he will drink with Haymitch in the mentors lounge, after Haymitch's tributes have both died and he's trying to pluck up the courage to go home. He's helped Haymitch stumble to the train, where Lavinia waits, without fail to help drag the drunken mentor to his bed. She always has a smile for him, but never a note. He doesn't need one. He keeps the locks of hair in the battery cavity of his watch, that hasn't worked for 3 years, and her final words to him he keeps in his breast pocket, next to his heart. Each year that Finnick returns to the Capitol to mentor, he brings a couple of shells for Caesar, who puts them on Russet's grave, in lieu of flowers. Caesar understands why Finnick returns to the Capitol