First time ever writing fanfiction, so if you don't like this guys, I will not continue writing lol. Stephenie Meyer has everything I wish I had, including the rights of Twilight Landon runs as fast as a one year old boy can in the backyard with one of his Power Rangers toy. He is only wearing a diaper and blue Levi's shorts. His brother, Constantino, watches him while he decides what costume wear. We just come home from some costume shop downtown where we bought as an emergency four super heroes costumes. Landon is seating near the edge of the lake now, so I get closer to him and sit down. -"Hey baby, you got tired?"- I ask him, his face red from the run, and I adjust his cap on his little head. -"No mommy"- he answers- "Is grandpa here?" -"No sweetie, grandpa will arrive in a few hours"-I say. He looks up to me and smiles, his green eyes shine bright in the daylight. I smile back at him as I hear my older son laugh and yell about some villain hiding behind one of the trees. I take Landon in my arms and walk with him to the table where my laptop is printing some work related papers that I will check this afternoon. I put him on his chair and gave him some toys to play with. I search for Constantino and find him doing some kind of karate moves to the air in front of him and laugh, he is only three years old, but happens to be the cutest kid on earth, and I don't say this because he is my son. His brown hair moves with the movements he is making, his green eyes are huge while he now attacks one of his toys and his perfect white teeth smile when Frankie, the elephant toy, flies away in the garden. -"Coty, come here and sit besides your brother, I'm going to bring you your lunch before grandpa Charlie comes here!"- I yell at him as I enter the kitchen. I prepare two sandwiches for me and Coty and cut another sandwich with pastry cutters in forms of dinosaurs for Landon. He is only fourteen months, so making meals for him is kind of an adventure, so I have to be creative. One day he loves mashed potatoes, the next days they are on the floor, one day he eats a lot on lunch and then almost nothing at dinner. I carry theirs plates back to the garden and place them in front of each other, Coty puts down his toy and drink juice while waiting for me. Just minutes after I sit on the table were my two boys are smiling dangerously looking at me. -"What's up with you boys? " -I ask them when I see Landon trying to sit still in his chair –"What are you hiding sweetie?" -"No mom"-He murmurs. I look at his plate and see that there are missing some sandwich dinosaurs and look at both of them. -"Are you two feeding Simon again?"- I got up from my chair and see the dog perfectly still below Landon's chair. –"No Landon, you have to eat this, not the dog"-I say. Then I look at Constantino who is eating his sandwich –"Coty, this is the last time, next time you are going to get some time out". He looks at me –"Yes, sorry mommy"- He says. The hour passes with some small talks between Landon and Coty, being them "small" because my older boy know Landon doesn't really talk much, so he decides to ask me what hour I'm coming home tonight. -"I'm coming early today, probably at 5. So what do you think if you two take a nap with grandpa Charlie and then when I arrive we can go to the cinema and watch that movie you wanted to see Coty". I start to recollect the plates while Constantino starts running in circles around me. -"Cloudy with meatballs?! Really mom! Yessss! " -My son yells, runs and smile, probably the best thing ever for him since we got that green turtle that talks , and that was yesterday. -"Only if you two don't get into trouble while I'm at work"- I say. -"No mommy, I promise"- Coty says. –"I'm going to brush my teeth!" –he shouts. Yes, he is definitely excited. I put the plates on the dishwasher and go to pick Landon from his chair. I find him laughing at Simon, who is sitting in Coty's chair and looking at my son's hand. I look at it and see that Landon has his ball. -"Sweetie, throw Simon his ball and let's go to take a shower"-I tell him, and he does what I say. I carry him to his bedroom to choose some light clothes for the rest of the day and a new diaper, and walk with him to the bathroom. Landon is a quiet, sweet boy; the only problem is usually, the food. He doesn't make trouble when I bath him, he just look at me and casually murmurs something I can't really understand, so my instant answer is a smile. Today is the same routine, and when I'm walking down the stairs with him I hear Coty yelling that grandpa is already here. I walk faster and leave Landon on his play yard. I open the door and see my dad with a huge box besides him. He is smiling at me and I walk closer to hug him. "-Gifts time again?"- I ask him. His smile gets larger as he shook his head. His brown eyes look at mines, "-Bella, how many times do I have to tell you I have enough money to buy things for them whenever I want?"-he asks me. -"It doesn't matter dad, that is not the point. They always get those huge gif..." -"Mommy mommy look this, is a car! Mommy!"-Coty starts yelling again while he runs to my father's arms. His little arms firm around dad's neck. –"Is that for me grandpa?" -"Look, at least someone appreciates it"-Dad says looking at me –"Yes, it is for you, what do you say if I carry it to the garden and we start to unpack it?"-He asks my son. -"Yes! I will go and tell Landon!". We look at him run to Landon's play yard and pointing back to the principal door were we are. -"Okay, I better move this to the backyard and you go and get ready for work Bells"- Dad says. -"Isn't that heavy? Do you want me to help you?"-I ask. He shook his head and smile. -"I'm not that old Bells, I can, go get ready or you will be late" I smile as I go to my room, of course dad is not old. He is only 56 years old and grandfather of two little boys, whom I'm sure someday will tell me "I want to go live with grandpa, he is cooler that you!" Only because he gives them everything they want, from candies to huge-expensive gifts. I go to my closet and try to decide what I'm going to wear today, being an special day on work. I work for The Summit, Cullen and Co as the account of Carlisle Cullen, the CEO of the company, I manage his numbers and bank accounts inside of the building, and everything that he invests on the company. Today, he is presenting his son as the new boss as he is retiring after a long a successful career. After a couple of minutes I decide on wearing a tight black dress long enough to be appropriate to wear on the office, with a fitted bodice with a rounded simple neckline and a banded waist that is just the beginning of a full skirt that flares to twirl-worthy perfection, and a pair of pink Prada stilettos. I look in the mirror and held my hair in a bun, I'm only 24, so I apply some light makeup. Grabbing my enormous bag I go to the backyard to see my dad pulling out some red plastics which I presume are the doors of the car he bought for my sons. Coty is smiling at his side, while Landon just watch the huge Fisher Price box. He loves boxes, hiding inside them and playing like it is a tent, even if he really has a tent on his own play yard. -"Boys I'm going to work, don't get into trouble!"-I say to them. They both hug me, and when Landon doesn't let me go, my dad takes him in his arms and whispers something in his ear. My black Mercedes is my car dream, so I exhale when I sit on the seat. After almost one hour of driving, without traffic pollution, I arrive to The Summit. I park on the private parking lot and go to the hobby greeting Luke, the doorman and enter the ascensor. Floor thirteen is my work place and I direct myself to my office to let the papers there and turn on the computer, looking at the hour I see it's 2pm and I still have another hour until the boss and his son comes to this floor. I spent the next 45 minutes looking at the charts of the recent investing The Summit has done, and then doing some graphics on a possible addition if the boss son decides to take on Hale's industry offer. I lose myself on numbers only looking up to my door when I hear a knock. In front of me Carlisle Thomas Cullen is smiling while holding a coffee cup. Alice, my best friend and also the private account of Esme, Carlisle's wife, is standing behind him grinning at me. -"Hello Bella, how are you this lovely Friday?"-Carlisle asks. -"I'm great Carlisle, looking forward to meet our next boss"-I say –"How's Esme? Feeling better now I presume?"- I see Alice saying goodbye with her hand and goes to her office. -"Hey there little girl, he will not be your next boss, I'm not letting you go"-He says smiling-"And yes Esme is feeling wonderful today dear, she thanks you for that chicken soup" -"I know, I know, it will be just a little bit weird to not see you here everyday" –I answer –"Please, she has nothing to thanks for after taking care of my boys on Wednesday" -"You know we both love those little boys, they are our joy since we don't have any grandchildren" –He tells me. –"Now, I want to re-collocate some new dates for the Tiffany's new local" So for the next 15 minutes we look into news dates and I put them on the officia calendar. I give him the papers I brought from home and tell him his new house is ready to move in. I didn't hide my happiness, the house is on the other side of Stony lake, the lower part, where I live in. A beautiful large wood cottage, with an spectacular stone fireplace in the living room and two large master bedrooms with double walk-in closets with amazing views to the lake, that I even if you look directly in front, you could see my own house. And I learned that because of Constantino, who was with me and Esme when we went to see the house. Another knock in the door and Carlisle gets up to open it as I get up and touch my hair looking for tactile-imperfections. A tall, beautiful man enters the office. Dressed in a dark black suite, with an open white polo shirt and no tie he extends his arm to remove his wild bronze hair from his forehead. -"Edward, son, this is Isabella Swan my wonderful account, Bella this is Edward"-Carlisle presents us. I walk to him an offer my hand, he smiles at me and shake mine hand. -"Is a placer to meet you Sir"-I say, not