What Can Be Done Chapter 1: Caged Bird A/N: Woohoo! COS2! BPOV. Song is "Sweet Dreams" by Emily Browning, her cover from Sucker Punch . Don't ignore this chapter because you read the preview at the end of COS1. That was only a sneak peek. Enjoy, and please leave a review. Thank you! :) "Sweet dreams are made of this. Who am I to disagree? Traveled the world and the seven seas. Everybody's looking for something; some of them want to use you, some of them want to get used by you, some of them want to abuse you, some of them want to be abused…" I would never win any Grammys with my voice, but since changing into a full vampire, I was at least a decent singer now… and my blood sang to no one. I had no more blood to speak of. Stepping out of the shower, I quickly dried off and dressed for the day, pulling on an old pear of jeans and a simple plaid button-down. Human or vampire, I was still Bella. Isabella Marie Swan Whitlock, newlywed newborn vampire and a Child of Saturn. Since I had amassed so much venom from numerous bites I'd received while still human, my true change had only taken about thirty-four hours, the shortest changing time in vampire history. Gradually changing as a human pretty much allowed me to skip the notorious newborn stage altogether. From day one, I had impeccable control of my bloodthirst, and I only took a couple days to adjust to the spike in speed and strength. My shielding and amplifying gifts had grown significantly stronger too, but I tried not to flaunt that. Seeing my power made Aro much too happy, and I was by no means eager to please him… "Just a week or two," he'd told us after I awoke from my change. "Stay in Volterra just a week or two longer, so we can be certain she's ready be reintegrated into the human world." Ha. I'd been mingling with the human employees here for a five weeks. I'd been allowed out into the city at night a couple times. I had yet to even come close to biting a human. My eyes were already pure gold. Still, every time we broached the issue, Aro, Caius, or one or more members of the Guard had a new excuse to keep me. Technically, only I alone was forced to stay here. Peter and Char took off for one week to visit Maria and her new coven. Some of the Cullens and Denalis would leave for a day or two, but they'd never stay away long. Jasper never left me. We would wander the castle or city separately from time to time, but more often than not, we remained within earshot of each other, so when I heard someone whistling the same song I was just singing outside my window, I assumed it was him. Walking over to the window, I could tell that I was way off the mark in that assumption. For one thing, there was no one in sight. Secondly, his scent wasn't outside. Whoever was just out there smelled like fresh mint and watermelon… no one in Volterra, human or vampire, smelled like fresh mint and watermelon. Of that much I was certain because, unlike most vampires, I learned to completely ignore my thirst and focus on the intricacies of human scents a little over a week after my change. There it was again! The whistle was softer, and somewhere off to the left, but it was the same song. "Jasper?" I called. No answer. The whistle sounded again; it was moving farther away. Though it might not have been my brightest idea, I followed the sound. I leapt out of the window and started walking through the long east wing courtyard, following the sound and the unfamiliar scent. The scent was strangely faint. I knew it was recent, but the trail smelled hours old, almost like the stranger was passing through the area without actually touching the ground… That's when I saw it: There on the ground was a long strand of curly, flaming red hair. Victoria was gone, but her head had been taken by, "Annabeth?" I whispered that time. I wasn't sure how many Volterrans knew the full story about how the battle against Victoria, Tristan, Annabeth, and their six newborns had gone. Knowing Edward was killed for his involvement kept them from asking any questions about it. Aro knows the whole story; he'd gotten it from Edward's mind before having him executed, but I doubt he told anyone else much of it. To him, the only thing worse than someone defying him was news of such a deliberate act of rebellion going public. As it was, he was still fuming over the stunts I'd pulled on my wedding and changing day, in a room packed with vampires from all over the world no less. He was still playing nice, though. He rarely let that fury show outwardly, but Jasper felt it, and I'd expected as much when I chose to publicly cross him. The whistle sounded again. Was that a yes or a no? I picked up the strand of hair and continued following the sound, not paying attention to the faint scent anymore. This person clearly wasn't trying to hide from me. They wanted to be found, but not here; they wanted me to follow them somewhere else. After a few more minutes of playing Marco Polo, I found myself walking down the long path to Didyme's garden, a place where only Marcus, Jasper, and I ever ventured. The stranger's been watching me... Could it really be the mysterious flier? When I walked around the pillars surrounding the secluded private garden, I got my answer. There in the garden was a female vampire hovering a couple feet above the ground. "Annabeth." It wasn't a question that time. Neither I nor anyone else I'd spoken to had ever heard of another vampire capable of true flight. Annabeth appeared to share both my physical age and height, and she had long, pin-straight black hair that made her pale white skin and red eyes that much more striking in contrast. Those striking red eyes met my gold ones briefly, then her gaze flickered down to the hair in my hand and back again. "And you're Bella, right?" She asked softly, her voice a melodic contralto. I nodded. Annabeth finally landed. "Just so you know, I only kept her head for a few days," she said, obviously referring to Victoria. "I wanted to prolong her suffering a little, for killing my mate and tricking me into a fight with innocent people, but I've never been particularly sadistic, and I knew my Seamus wouldn't have wanted me to turn into the ruthless monster she'd become. From the start, I thought there was something off about her blaming and targeting a human for the death of her mate. If she wanted revenge, she should have gone after the vampires that actually did the killing no offense, I know they're like family to you. It's not your fault James chose to hunt you despite the fact that a coven of seven claimed you as theirs. My intention was never to hurt you. I rarely hunt women as it is, and… well, she told me your shifter friends killed my mate…" "I know. The shifters and two of the three vampires there told me what happened," I said. "What about the third one?" Annabeth inquired guiltily, "Were they killed?" "Not in the fight," I answered bitterly, growling softly. Annabeth flinched. I shook my head. "Not your fault. Edward went because he could read minds. We had other plans. I had a powerful shield against most gifts, even as a human, and I could project it. Without me there, Edward was the only one capable of fighting Tristan, since he could keep his eyes closed. He… He was the one Victoria thought was my mate. He and I believed we were mates for a while, too. It's a long story, but we weren't… Aro killed him." I had looked away, lost in my memories. When I looked back, Annabeth was frowning, seemingly lost in thought herself. After a moment, she rolled her eyes and nodded, as if something that had been puzzling her suddenly made perfect sense. For the first time, I glared at her accusingly and I opened my mouth to demand an explanation from her. "You aren't the only one, you know," she cut me off before I could get a word out. I blinked. "The only Saturno," she clarified, her voice a breath above a whisper. "Your kind is certainly very near complete extinction, but I've met two others, Lysander and Jillian…" "Why are you telling me- ?" "Bella, you have to get out of here." Annabeth cut me off again. "I know where Lysander is now, and we can find Jillian. I'll take you to them, but you can't stay here. It's not safe." Annabeth's tone was urgent. Frighteningly so. She did know something, or at least she strongly suspected something. "Annabeth, they won't let us go." "Don't tell me you believe they're keeping you here with good intentions in mind," the flying vampire almost growled. "How would you know, either way? What do you know?" "I only know what I've observed and what Lysander told me, but that's his story to tell, not mine. I also know Aro's reputation. Like you, I was changed at eighteen, but I'm closer to Carlisle Cullen's true age. Aro covets power, and if he can't have it, he eventually finds a reason to destroy it. You aren't safe here ." I started to speak again, but Annabeth and I both stiffened when we heard distant footsteps turn down the path to the garden. Annabeth ran to me and rapidly whispered in my ear, "Be ready by tonight or tomorrow at the latest. I'll get some cars ready for all of you. When you're ready, sing something again. If you hear me whistle the same tune back, it's go time… and call me Annie." Before I could respond, Annabeth flew off. A minute later, Marcus walked around the pillars and stopped when he saw me standing in the garden. "Sorry," I blurted. "I was looking for Jasper. I'm sure you've noticed he and I come here sometimes… Um, I'll leave you alone…" I may be a vampire, but I can still ramble like an eighteen-year-old when rattled. Marcus merely nodded, his usual mask of misery firmly in place. I ran off and took the first door I reached back inside the castle, ending up in the north wing, the Guard's Wing. Normally, that wouldn't be an issue. True, I tried to avoid the Guard as much as possible; only Jane and I had formed an odd kind of friendship, but now that I was a powerful newborn Saturno, the rest of the Guard avoided me as well unless ordered otherwise. Today was different. Today, luck was just not on my side. When I passed Chelsea's door, it was open and Aro was inside. "Ah, Bella, what a wonderful surprise!" He called in that sickeningly fake amicable voice. "Please, do come in." "I don't want to interrupt anything," I bit out, forcing myself to smile back. "You're clearly tending to some business with Chelsea." "We just finished," Aro said brightly, "and it was hardly business. Chelsea just had some news she was eager to share with me. She was just about to go rejoin Marcus." "Marcus?" That puzzled me. "I was just with him. Well, I just saw him I mean. He's in Didyme's garden. He… looked like he wanted some time alone…" Aro frowned. "Oh, yes. I'm so glad he's moving on at last, but it will still be difficult for him to let go. All the more reason for you to go