For all the folks at home that are interested in hearing about my life, the beginning of it anyway. Where history was made and all that jazz, I suppose like any story –unless authored by JD Salinger I might as well introduce myself. My name is Monique Nightingale and most would say I wasn't an ordinary girl, at the ripe age of 11 I found out I was a witch. This wasn't a wizard of odd type witch where my skin was green and there was a wart on the end of my nose –or my chin (Thank you universe for making me feel like a bigger joke.) So forget now all those stereotypes you have painted in your mind and picture this. It was Tuesday and a damn cold one considering Spring, but what were you expecting when you lived in London, England. I was sitting on the floor of my bedroom, mother downstairs baking when something hit hard against my window. I dropped the pencil that was dangling somewhere between my mouth and the paper where I was sketching. My eyes darting over to my window, assuming it was a bird I walked over read to use my years of playing doctor with Lily to work. Reaching the window and opening the hinge I found an owl of all things looking up at me wide eyes. Having to blink and hold it for a few moments before opening my eyes again; however they did not deceive me. At 1:23pm on a Tuesday there was an owl at my window. And by at my window I mean now inside of my room. Unsure of what to do I stood there by the window, this brown spotted owl flying in through the gap and taking residence on my dolphin printed doona. My eyes awkwardly darting between the window and the owl a few times before I noticed there was now a letter on my bed. The owl seeming to have noticed flew back outside leaving me staring in amazement over the whole situation. Staring into the centre of my mattress where the letter was situated I tentatively made my way over to where it was. Poking it a few times (assessing the situation having to know if it was about to explode or not.) I picked up the letter and read, the letter shockingly enough was addressed to me, freaky part being it was down to the last detail of where my room was; top left of the stairs across the bathroom. Flipping it over there was no return address but a wax seal with four animals distinctly pressed into it circling the letter H. Carefully I pealed the wax seal off and placed it on my bed, around the same time I was pretty sure my jaw had it the floor. Miss Monique Nightingale I would like to formally invite you to Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry for your extraordinary behaviour one would have to associate with magic or madness and it is always the former. Please find attached a list of supplies you will need to bring for the start of the school year. Yours Dumbledore I must have missed my mother yelling up the stairs that the cake or biscuits or whatever she was making were ready because suddenly she was before me taking the letter out of my hands and reading it over and over and over and over. I had it for five minutes and didn't touch it for 4 minutes and 15 seconds. "This can't be real, someone must be playing a joke. That boy you and Lily are always hanging around of course that makes sense." My mother mustered out fiddling with strands of similar red hair to mine. "I'll be back," I said bolting out of my room and down the stairs with the letter before my mother could even stop me. In what was a quite fast run and some form of magic I didn't trip...maybe magic wasn't the right word. I was across the street and knocking loudly on the Evans' door. Lily Evans my best friend since she saved me from a life time of embarrassment when I slipped into the mud when I was 5 at school, she had a change of uniform like the nerd she was, well is. But once you save me from slipping in mud, you're bonded for life. I walked up the stone steps to the egg shell coloured door and knocked, barely a second past when the door opened with the sound of the wind and I was caught up in her emerald green eyes. I guess in my blue ones something said I was worried, sick or scared; maybe all three. And she grabbed me by the hand and took me to her garden, opening her palms I watched as she grew a flower out of thin air. "So the letter wasn't a joke?" I said with a awkward laugh. "You got a letter to!" Lily practically screeched in her excitement. "Ah we're going to Hogwarts and we're witches. Oh this is so exciting, Min why aren't you jumping about the place?" "Huh," I said removing my gaze from the withering flower that had been cast to the floor in all the haze of a shiny new adventure. With Magic. "I mean woooo." A cup of tea and cake later I decided it was time to return to my normal life, if my life could ever be normal again. I was 11 and felt like I was having a midlife crisis and I didn't even really know what that was. I had learnt from TV that most people in this situation are males and buy sports cars. But I was living on 5 pounds allowance a fortnight and couldn't reach the floor when I sat in the passenger seat. I was a bit short, but mother always said I would blossom one day. Who knew that meant turning into a witch. Opening the blue door and stepping into the front room there was an elderly man sitting on the weather red couch with my mother. I saw her tense up as I walked back into the room, (maybe mentioning I went to Lily's and not run away would have been a good idea.) The man had a ling silver beard and a warm smile with blue eyes to match when he met mine. He gave off such a nice vibe, like trust was oozing out from him. Okay that sounds a bit gross come to think of it. I sat down on the table in front of my mother and the bearded man who promptly informed me his name was Albus Dumbledore, he went on a spiel about magic and Hogwarts which he was the headmaster of. He taught me the difference between being a muggle and magical. My mother having no magical gifts was a muggle, me apparently being a witch –which hadn't really sunk in yet) was a muggle born. My father had been absent since I was 5 years old and after questioning once I never pressed again. I was fascinated by the whole subject, but time came for him to leave making me wonder if he needed to do a trip over to Lily's though promised to be back in September when the school year formally begins and help me shop for school supplies. Apparently pencils and notebooks weren't going to cut it for a school built on witchcraft...and wizardry. True to his word and proof I didn't have a far to vivid dream for some at just at age 11, Dumbledore was back on my doorstep and taking me to Diagon Alley. Stepping through a bar and heading to the backroom before knocking on a few bricks which separated and as embarrassing as it was my jaw hit the floor, my eyes nearly jumping out of my head. Quickly putting myself back together, not wanting to act like a complete dork when I made my first entrance to the magical world. Suddenly I was surrounded by large crowds, a few people flying over head on brooms I felt myself duck even though I was far away from where they were flying and they would have a larger chance of hitting my escort than myself. Collecting a few basic supplies (books, parchment, quills, cauldron, potion ingredients you know the usual) Dumbledore told me he had business to attend to and left me with only two more things to obtain a pet of my choosing out of the list of an owl, cat or toad. And there was no chance I was getting a toad, instead favouring to take a raggish looking black kitten and going over the road to get what I was most excited for a wand. I was standing just inside the doorway of Olivanders making wands since 382BC, so it seemed to have a long running family line considering the man behind the counter looked 50 at best. No one lived that long did they? There was a boy with shaggy black hair in front of me, he was just taller than me so I was thinking we were similar with age. Thinking to myself maybe he was just as in a state of shock and awe with the whole magic element now in his life. "There you are Mr. Black," the man said handing the boy a black box. "Time to break the family line." He added with a wink and a warm smile, before he finally turned his gaze and eyes landing on me. Getting a closer look at him his hair was stark white and a few wrinkles were working their way where his smile was and above his white eyebrows. The man defiantly couldn't move as quickly as he still did and be from BC. I had wonder if religion was correct considering I was about to buy a wand where I would perform magic; at a school for witches and wizards; where other magical people would be; and learn about all things magical. Or maybe they had things right in Salem. Should I be offended and/or scared by that now? My head was starting to hurt. In all the mind rambling i hadn't noticed the boy was now staring at me hand stretched out and all. He was kind of cute honestly, "Sirius Black," he said. "Hate to be repetitive but you are?" "Monique Nightingale," I said taking his hand a slight heat coming from the back of my neck and surely tinging my cheeks a light pink. "Hogwarts?" he asked. "Yeah," I replied not bothering to fight the smile that was appearing on my face. "Are you?" "First year," he said with a proud grin and I had to resist the urge to laugh at his stance. It was like the cover of a comic book or an action figure. "Guess I'll see you there, enjoy the process of letting a piece of wood choose you." He said leaving a few coins on the counter and giving me a wave, leaving the shop like he had been here a million times. For all I knew maybe he had. The man I assumed was at least one of many generations of Olivander's returned my attention. He was now holding a tape measure which quickly made it's way around every inch of my body. I stood there like there was a strong pole stuck from my toes to my top of my head unsure of how to go about the measuring. "It's okay," he reassured me taking my gaze away from the wooden walls and to kind eyes. "New aren't you?" I nodded a small smile finding its way to my lips. "It's okay to be nervous, not everyone was brought up with the knowledge." Not bothering to hide the my ever growing grin, he finished with "Time to get you a wand." And boy did i try quite