Disclaimer: My house belongs to the bank, my work belongs to my boss and my money is always confiscated by my wife. And Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling... Damn... In enemy waters By DerLaCroix Chapter 1 – Catching up... August, 6th, somewhere south of Grand Bahama „Captain, she won't stand this much longer. We'll sail down the spars!" James Hitch, Second Mate of the Revenge addressed the man on the poop deck. Captain Harry Potter-Black was an impressive sight. His fine black leather boots came up to his knees and covered the dark green tight trousers. A red sash doubled as belt and hold for his battle wand in its holster. His customary wide belt across the chest held his trusted rapier with the thick golden wires woven into an ornamental hilt. Only the usual fancy wide-brimmed hat with the ostrich feather to provide the shadow needed in these waters was missing, as it would be sent flying by the gust of wind occasionally coming off the storm that raged above their heads, directed only at the sails. Harry gave the rigging a searching glance. He examined the spars and their strained rig connecting them to the masts. He could see the masts actually bending slightly, the strained ropes of the backstays singing like harps in the wind. If they gave way first, the spars would hold, but the mast would break like a twig. Sailors had already started to manually hold fast the ropes of the sheets and braces to keep them aligned. The strain had started to noticeably bend the belaying pins. All hands were struggling to keep the ship on course, but the crew of sixty was not complaining. They knew what was at stake. "She must!" he spat, while he still held his battle wand raised and the magical hurricane pushing the ship like a leaf. He was practically bludgeoning the Revenge across the open sea. "They have at least two hours lead. If they reach Nassau before we do, we are out of luck. They will only need hours to identify Henry and Margret and only Merlin knows what they will do to them once they know!" he stated forcibly. "Aye," Second Mate Hitch confirmed. All the men on board knew what the stakes were. While they were concerned about the fate of the two members of their small society, they were far more concerned about the risk that the governor's minions might make them spill the secret of the island's position. Only the risk of their safe haven in peril had made the men follow Harry onto this mission. They would rather have had the Captain prove himself in an easier setting, first, but fate had decided in favour of a trial by fire. "So let's hope Neptune is on our side," the man said gravely as the First Mate stepped over to them. James took a step back and averted his eyes a bit. He knew that she normally didn't mind being ogled, but he trusted neither the Captain, nor his girl, to be reasonable in their current state. Hermione had taken a liking to her pirate outfit, and her clothes mirrored Harry's, just her trousers were red, and her v-cut was much deeper and revealing. During her stay at the island, Hermione had earned herself quite a reputation. And not the kind one might think of. People had a healthy respect of her. At first, there was resistance when Harry proclaimed Hermione to be his first mate in ship's way; even though Hermione was qualified for the post, she was a woman, and they were a superstitious bunch. The men huffed but didn't want to cross the Captain. In the end, they used tradition to solve the problem. They challenged Hermione to a duel for the position. The chosen opponent was about 40 years old, strong and agile. He was not the preferred man to lead, but by far the best dueller in town. Naturally, the man underestimated the teenage girl blatantly. He assumed that he was far better than this not even fully qualified witch, but at the same time, he didn't want to piss of the Captain by hurting his girl. So he decided to simply out-draw the girl and stun her. Granted, he was faster, but he didn't expect Hermione to read him that easily. Nor did he expect her to retaliate that fiercely. Hermione had expected the man's tactic and planned accordingly. She just let herself fall to the ground and incanted " capillus evello " while keeping her wand pointed at the man's groin. Given that she started falling the same time her opponent had cast his own spell, he was unable to shield, and wasn't fast enough to dodge. To this day, people still cringed at the memory of the resulting scream. Hermione's position was certainly never, ever, again in peril of being questioned. As a funny after-effect, the nickname "Baldy" stuck with Chaviér ever since, although he had a luscious, long mane of brown, wavy hair. Hermione carefully stepped up to Harry, not to startle him. When he was in that state, he could easily lose control over his magic. His wand was busy, but even though he couldn't concentrate on two spells at once, his wandless magic was still responding to his instincts if he was scared. "Harry..." she softly whispered and gently stroke his cheek. "You know I want it as much as you, but if we snap a mast, we lose any chance to get them. I've checked the reservoir; it is rapidly depleting and rather low already. Even if it holds until we catch up - while we certainly out-gun them, they still have their shields." "Harry..." she started anew when he didn't respond. "I can't!" he yelled. "If we go any slower, they'll escape. Your dad reported the name as Raven , and according to one of the crew, that vessel can achieve about 10 knots, and even with that wind, we can't get more than about 12 knots out of this boat without breaking it. Do the maths!" he nearly screamed at her. Hermione cringed at this. She knew that they had still hours to go until they reached the estimated intercept position. If everything went perfect, they would reach Nassau only half an hour faster than their prey. That would put them right into visible range of the harbour. And then they would have to board and rescue quickly before reinforcements could arrive. Nassau held at least 6 ships, two of them with more guns than the Revenge . With the current state of their reservoir, they couldn't fight them. Heck, they probably won't even be able to dive! So even if they could avoid fighting those, they would risk leading them to Black Reef. Tears were welling up in her eyes. There were so many ifs. And most of them would make her lose her parents. Harry had been quiet, very quiet. He was creating a serious storm for three hours straight by now. The magic didn't strain him. He had lots of reserves, but the ship didn't. The reservoir was low, and in a few hours, the unbreakability runes would fail, and so would the mast. If he increased the wind, he would catch up, but the ship would fail sooner. And if he stopped the wind, they were too slow. " If only there were a way to refill the reservoir," he thought desperately and jerked as the solution hit him. "Hermione!" he barked, as if she weren't right next to him. The woman in question jumped scared at the sudden call. "What?" she asked, a little annoyed at his tone. "What do you need to bind me to the boat?" "What?" this time, she yelled her response. "Bind me to the ship's reservoir! It's the only way to quickly charge it!" Harry insisted. "Are you crazy? Why do you want to do that? You know how bad that can be!" she bellowed. "It's different! It's a reservoir!" he growled. That response threw a spanner into Hermione's mounting rage. For a few moments, she actually considered his request, pondered the facts, and came to one simple conclusion. He was right. Oh how she hated it when he did that! While she was able to retain even the slightest bit of knowledge, she was methodical. She could combine parts and use principles, but Harry was a natural user of stuff. While she would always find or create a perfect solution, no matter how complex the result, she needed to go from A to B to C. Meanwhile, he sometimes would come up with a simple, not overly efficient, yet practical shortcut that she never had thought of. These wild guesses out of the blue drove her crazy. The difference was small, but significant. The wards at Privet Drive, the ones that the Headmaster had bound him to, had no reservoir. They were just a field, storing the magic in the air and ground. It just hung there, strengthening more and more, causing even Voldemort, himself, to not even think about going there. But this ship was moving, so it needed an anchor and a 'battery' for its wards - a reservoir. That meant that he would only charge that, which had a defined maximum capacity. It would then only need the power that the enchantments drained from it, a mere trickle, except for battle, while soaking up all ambient magic it was exposed to. "That's actually a good idea!" she mused. "It would recharge at a very high rate. You would feel some drain, but only until it's full. Depending on what the actual rate you can charge it turns out to be, it is very much possible that our shields will be seriously boosted, giving us some extra protection." "What do you need? How long does it take?" "I need a bit of your blood, that's all. It's not that hard to do if you know how - fifteen minutes, half an hour tops, not including preparation. If I had some people to help me with the ritual, another five minutes or so," Hermione said, going through the requirements in her head. "Take Remus and Tonks with you, and hurry!" ooOOoo Twenty minutes later, Harry was back on the poop and conjuring up a veritable storm again, while the ship's reservoir was rapidly filling even with the strain on its enchantments. Harry still felt a bit light-headed as the reservoir was sucking on his core like, well, like Hermione on a good night, but he was growing accustomed to it, again. It was much better than the blood wards; those were vicious in their greed. The ritual itself was rather easy, they needed a chalk pentagram around him, some more symbols painted over the keel to allow for a connection, and a long incantation, spoken by Hermione of course, who then sliced his thumb and smeared his blood on the keel, over one of the new charging runes. When Harry's knees buckled at the sudden violent draw on his magic, the Hell's Carrots of course had some lewd comments about getting sucked off by a boat they needed to be heard. ' Hell's Carrots' was the nickname the Weasley twins had earned themselves among the crew. Given their natural affinity to all things going boom and their exceptional ability to predict trajectories they had shown as Beaters, it took them only a few days to out-class nearly every other gunner on the island. After the review of their memory of the Hogwarts bombardment , they were unanimously declared to take over the position as gun deck officers, each responsible - ok, accountable was probably a better word to use in combination with them - for one of the two gun decks, holding 18 guns each. And in charge of the once-a-month reshowing of that memory during comedy night. Only Hermione could put one over