No Man's Land It's an accident, in the beginning. Effie, in her most natural state (top bun, makeup off, bathrobe on), walks in on Haymitch and Cinna and Plutarch huddled up in some room in the Everdeen house. It's late, it's dark, and the room is illuminated by a dying flame. She hears nothing worth mentioning. Well no, no she hears Cinna whisper words like dress, and fire, and mockingjay, and Plutarch say rebellio- oh, Effie . "What -" she starts to say, puzzled and confused and slightly put off by the scene in front of her, but Haymitch walks up to her and grabs her by the waist and drags her out before she could say any more. He closes the door behind them and pushes her up against a wall, his arm pressed up against her throat like it's a threat. The gasp that slips out of her lips is unintentional, simply drawn out by surprise. Haymitch looks at her like she made a mistake in walking in on them, and his voice is rough and ragged and tired when he says, "What did you hear?" And the way his voices wraps around those words like a vice - like everything and anything could depend on her answer - worries her. His voice sounds like desperation and aggravation and curiosity; so unlike Haymitch, but yet, it is just how she'd imagine him if he were ever in a state of panic. (And she's unsure how to go about this concept that Haymitch can feel things like fear and panic, not just anger and self-pity. It's a rather foreign ideal.) "Nothing, I - " she says quickly, but Haymitch's hands are on her hips and she feels trapped between him and the wall and she wants to both kiss him and slap him and release all the anger and all the tension he makes her feel on a day-to-day basis. She licks her lips and pushes him off of her instead. "You could have been a bit gentler, Haymitch," she chides softly. And Effie craves the banter, craves his roundabout comments, the insults, his push forward so she can pull back. There's something crawling under her skin and it irritates her. There's something going on, she thinks. There's something they're not telling me. "Sorry," he says quietly. He steps back and runs his hand through his hair, heaving a sigh before he looks at her again. "Were you going to tell me something?" Confused, she looks at him, but then figures it out - he's asking for the reason why she came in. Clearing her throat, she tells him, "Just wanted to tell you to sleep early. The cameras will be coming tomorrow to see Katniss in her dress, and I want everyone up and early to get ready for them. That's all." Haymitch nods and doesn't make a quip about how useless that is, or how stupid that is, or how he can do whatever the fuck he wants and she doesn't own him. But he nods, like he wasn't listening, like he's relieved about something. Effie is sure that if she just told him that she was secretly a man, he would still nod with the same blank expression. That's concerning, really. "Is there something going on?" she asks him. She crosses her arms and frowns. "Are you hiding something from me?" He clenches his teeth. "Not at all." Right. Unconvinced, she moves forward to open the door. In a split second, he grabs her by the wrist and pulls her away, oblivious to her whines of pain and protest, and throws her unceremoniously to the side. "Haymitch," she warns, still trying to wriggle her wrist out of his grasp. She yanks her hand back and watches the outline of his fingers glow red against her skin. Seething, she bites back, "You're hiding something." "I'm hiding nothing, " he returns. "And even if I were, is it any of your business?" She falls quiet when she realizes he's right. But still. Her wrist smarts, but she chooses to ignore it; if anything, it's evidence that he's keeping a secret from her, which she isn't too pleased about. Effie doesn't budge, and Haymitch stares at her for awhile, seemingly sizing her up. Something crosses his eyes, something she can't quite decipher. Regardless, she stands her ground and stays there, right across from him, as a stalemate grows between the mentor and the escort. Pinching the bridge of his nose, he retreats and sighs. "Go to bed, Effie. We'll see you in the morning." And as much as she'd like to argue, she doesn't. Instead, she bids him a good night and walks away, pushing away the suspicion that slices at her very core. Tomorrow is a big, big, big day, after all. . . . Effie is at a party when the TV clicks on by itself. She's rather distracted by the man by her side, whose roaming hands grab at her rudely, whose breath reeks of vodka and wine and the remnants of the cigarette between her fingers. He reaches for her hips, for her newly-claimed status, and she finds it both funny and insulting that years ago, he wouldn't dare be associated with her. She pushes him off right around the time Snow opens the box that contains the letters from forever ago that describe the instructions for the Quarter Quells. "Effs, baby, come back," the man whines, outstretching his hands for her. (Her friends fire something rather rude back at him, something that makes her smirk and laugh to herself as she pours herself another drink, even long after the party is over.) . . . She finds Portia at the bar around the time the Snow presents the envelope to the cameras. "You don't look well," Portia tells her, reaching out for the escort as she stumbles dangerously close to a passing Avox. Effie frisks another flute of champagne from the servant's tray and downs it whole. (It tastes like rebellion and regret and secrets and desolation.) She must've said something bad, because Portia draws her closer and tells her to not say those type of things. That she could get killed or something if someone heard her. Around the time Snow's lips form around the words, "For this year's 3rd Quarter Quell," Effie hiccups as she covers her face in mock shame. She apologizes meekly, pathetically, mockingly, throwing herself in the stylist's arms. When Snow reveals that this year's tributes will be taken from the existing pool of victors, Portia wavers and stumbles into the counter behind her. The party has fallen eerily silent; gasps can be heard, and a few start to cry. Effie giggles in response. "I told you so," Effie whispers sleepily in Portia's ear. "How did you -" Effie is unsure if she's crying or not, but her voice is watery and strangled as she whimpers, "Because Katniss and Peeta... they showed them hope." And the escort shakily brings the cigarette in between her fingers to her lips and swallows her sobs as people crowd around her, offering words of advice and prayers for the girl on fire. As smoke fills her lungs, she begins to wonder what exactly went on in that room all those weeks ago. . . . "Stay calm," Haymitch tells her as they walk to the town square. But Effie doesn't answer. She's not listening, being completely honest here, because her skin is lined with goosebumps and her fingers are itching at her sides, and a part of her subconscious thinks: damn, I could really use a smoke now. She focuses on steadying her breathing, because her inhales and exhales stumble on top of the other and she feels like screaming to the world that this is wrong, that this isn't supposed to happen and shouldn't . Her breathing starts to hiccup and that is when Haymitch grabs her arm and tugs her closer. "Did you hear me? I said to stay calm , woman. We don't need you crying on stage." Suddenly she whirls on him and slaps her hand across his face, seething as she watches his pale cheek color into a furious red. She's unsure where in the hell that anger had come from, but the next thing she knows, her face falls and she's back to hyperventilating again. "Fuckin' God, woman," Haymitch says as he shakes his head. The handprint still glows against his skin, and it only makes her gasp for air like a fish out of water. "I can't do this," Effie says hurriedly. She brings her hands to her face and inhales deeply, still reeling in the fact that Katniss is going back in the arena. That either Peeta or Haymitch will, too, and worst yet - she'll be picking who. More panic begins to set in, and she gives a cry of frustration. "Oh my God, I can't do this, Haymitch, I can't do this ." "Just pretend it's like every other year. Chins up, smiles on, Princess," he offers, his voice devoid of the usual sarcasm. "I can't," she whispers, shaking her head. "Try." (And though it's the time of year when spring bleeds into summer and her skin is sticky with sweat and melted talcum, she shivers like there's snow and it's winter and she'll die from frostbite anytime soon.) . . . When they both climb up on the stage, Effie cannot find any shred of courage or bravery within her. Try as she might, she's a coward, and now, when Katniss and Peeta need her the most, she's falling apart. She smiles and waves and nods curtly at the audience as she riddles off a script she knows by heart. It's a routine, the wash-rinse-repeat, and it's what she knows best and has known best for the last ten years. A seasoned actress like her is not a new player to this game, so why stumble now? So she keeps her tears and screams and fury at bay. There will be time later, when her nerves are dulled with alcohol and she is in the middle of Haymitch's bedroom, for her to angrily curse the government and whatever God is up there ignoring the tears and pleads of the people below. For now, she will continue to entertain. Effie blinks when she looks up. Thousands of eyes staring back her. Thousands of eyes that shout at her. Thousands of eyes that unanimously poke and prod and stab and slam at her very core. She gathers what is left of her shattered bravery and surrounds herself with the pieces of her mask like it's a barrier between herself and the crowd. She finds Mrs. Everdeen in the audience. Oh, how much she'd love to apologize right now. Oh, how much she'd love to disappear into thin air. (Like an illusionist. Like a magician. Like one of those storybook heroes that her parents told her about when she was younger.) That's when the panic begins to set in. Her mind goes off in tangents, and the thoughts that burn start to slash at her once more. She wants to cry. She wants to break down in tears and let her walls fall and finally, for once, let everybody know that she's no heartless machine, no villain to be burned at the stake. But she can't. Her heels clacking across the stage are the only things that she can hear right now, but when she crosses over to the Reaping bowl, she can hear Katniss's quiet, strangled breath. The sound of this seventeen-year-old girl's sadness and helplessness rips her heart to shreds, and oh my God , she's drowning, she breaking, she's falling, she's failing . This isn't fucking right, she wants to scream into the microphone. This is fucking wrong. But she can't. Effie takes a deep breath, and it comes out shakier than she expected. The name of this seventeen-year-old girl resonates through