the marionette's lament "...and Max the king of all wild things was lonely and wanted to be where someone loved him best of all ." The young girl that stands in the middle of the city square looks up at the stars that somehow pervaded through the haze of a metropolis, and for a second, she wonders how prettier things must be in the districts. They must be lucky , she thinks as she walks through the crowds of bumbling citizens who push and pull through the dazzling lights of the Winter Solstice Carnival. They can see the stars better than we can . It never occurs to the girl that her nanny is looking for her through the masses of families. She stands at the base of the fountain, smack-dab in the middle of the city square, and squints her eyes to peer at the night sky. The stars seem to go out as soon as the fireworks start to explode, and that is when the young girl starts to hope that one day, she'll go to the districts and see the stars in their purest form. But then the nanny takes her away from the fountain and brings her home against her will. She doesn't ask why, and she will never ask why, but her mother sits at the end of the table and cries the quietest tears she has ever seen in her young life. When the girl goes to her father's office to inform the man that her mother is upset, she is met with his footsteps bouncing off the linoleum and his goodbye hanging off his lips. (In a week, her nanny will tell her that she stays too long in father's office for it to be healthy. In a month, her nanny will tell her that he will never come back. In a year, she will accept this, and his chair will finally collect dust along with rest of the furniture after she leaves the space for good. The stars never did shine as bright there, anyhow.) X Effie never learns how to ride a bike, because her mother is a poor stand-in for a supportive father, and when she falls she is reprimanded and she figures that there is no point in learning after that. Effie never learns how to tie tennis shoes like her friends do, because her mother works three times harder than their parents do and is always too tired at the end of the day to pay her any mind. She takes up sandals and flats, because not only do they not require laces, they look vastly better than all the rest. On the playground, she is told she looks ridiculous with shoes that lace around her ankles rather than at her feet, but she learns to embrace her fashion-forward thinking. In five years, they'll all be wearing them, anyway. Effie never learns to bandage her own wounds, because every scrape requires stitches and ever cut needs a diagnosis. Instead of handing her daughter a first aid kit to figure out for herself, her mother whisks her off to the hospital if Effie ever bleeds. Though this is not conducive to a steady backbone, Effie does not complain, and perhaps that is why she is so melodramatic. Effie never learns to find good boys, because her mother never had one and Effie doesn't know what a good boy should look like. She picks the ones she likes to look at, the ones that seem to like her just a bit and she latches onto them like a well-meaning leech. She falls in love with the warrior boys, the soldiers who take to heart a saying concreted in Latin: veni, vidi, vici. They come, the see, and they conquer . And when they leave her, she thinks it is routine, but the stinging in her heart hurts her. So she surrenders herself wholly to every boy until they care enough to stay. And when they do, she gives them her all, and when they run, she is too tired to chase. And though she manages to make it through twelve years without her father, her life isn't quite as glamorous as it should be. She learns to blame the man who left when she was six, and though is a smart, beautiful, wholesome young woman, she wonders which part of her sent her father away. (She thinks it's the part of her that is him, with the blue eyes and blonde hair and the way she seems to disappear in thin air yet remain incredibly, absolutely present. It's the ghostly part of her that drove him away, she concludes. And it is always the ghostly part of her that she hates.) X At eighteen, Effie works to maintain the luxurious lifestyle her mother had provided her with. There are odd jobs she takes up — as a saleswoman, metro attendant, ticket-taker, barista, dozens of et ceteras — and somehow, through the dozens of menial things she claims as temporary careers, she lands a paid internship in the Games. And still, after all these years, her wish to see the stars still persists. Though she cannot be an astronaut and clamber through the infinities of space, she will become an escort instead. That way, she can step out of her ghostly cofinements and burst like fireworks through the nation's hearts — she will become a household name, and maybe, just maybe, her father will recognize his little girl he left so long ago. (Deep down, Effie knows that this is an absurd thought. Her father will remain hidden as he has been for years, and sooner or later, she will have to stop seeking. But for now, she pursues a relentless game of cops and robbers with him. She is losing, obviously, but she finds that if she will be able to watch the stars at the end of it, then it's not so bad.) X At twenty-two, she finally becomes an escort, and her mother's body finally gives out after sixteen years of overexertion. The funeral procession is short and many people seem to mourn; everyone who had berated her broken family in headlines and tabloids and biting words over tea seem to cry at her grave and plead with God to bring her back. Everyone who had poked fun at the Trinket's fall from grace make a complete roundelay and claim that Heaven gained a new angel. Everyone who never once extended a hand to help now reach forward to grip Effie's shaking shoulders to make empty promises of charity. Effie is sick to her stomach when she sees all these people fashion themselves in classless hypocrites before her mother's lifeless body. She wants to scream, but she doesn't. Instead, she accepts these words of comfort and cries with them, because even in the wake of her orphaning, she figures that she can make something out of this. (Secretly, she is glad her mother is gone. No longer does Effie have to worry that she will end up in the hospital and waste away to nothing, like her grandmother had before them. There is not a more demeaning death than with IV's stuck in your veins and machines hooked up to your body, after all.) X The very moment that Effie steps on the stage to give her first Reaping, the crowd goes quiet. In the one second that Effie allows herself to have before she starts the grand occasion, she realizes that being an escort is not at all what it is cracked up to be. Her smile almost falls when she meets the eyes of some fourteen year old boy among the sea of quivering children. He stares at her like she's some kind of sickly-sweet, candy-coated monster, like she is the Grim Reaper dunked in fluorescent colors who has come to bring these children to their death. It's all kind of macabre when she really thinks about it. She begins to list the words that talk of things like loyalty and honor and how wonderful Panem is with gusto. Perhaps if she acts excited about the Games, the people in front of her will be excited, too. They aren't. And when she crosses over to the first reaping bowl, she swears you can hear the girls down in front suck in a collective breath. She digs around the bowl and picks the first name that kind of, sort of feels like it could bring the District some shining victory. When a fourteen year-old girl with dirt still caked in her face and hands that haven't seen better days walks on stage, Effie is reminded that this District has not seen a victor in almost ten years. And it is then that Effie realizes that she is only bringing these children to their deaths and nothing more. She feels like she is committing infanticide when a twelve year old boy joins the girl minutes later. Later, as they board the train, she finally meets the infamous Haymitch Abernathy at the alcohol cart. He spits in her face when she stretches her hand for him to shake; she acts like she is not bothered by it, like this is just a part of the job, but that night, she cries herself to sleep. (The books will not tell you how to cope with children dying at your hands and how to block the muffled sobs of a robbed mother and father from your memory. The books will not tell you that this career is all about being unwanted and knowing how to act like you are. The books will not tell you that you will lose yourself, eventually, if you end up staying after the first year. The only thing that these books will tell you is this: chins up, smiles on, and pretend that everything is going just as planned.) X She surrenders herself to insomnia and hopefulness in her second year. The girl is sixteen years old and her bones fit her skin like a coat hanger, and there is no sign of strength or resilience within her. The girl reeks of fear, and she is crying the night before the Games. Effie has it in her head that she can fix things when they are broken, which sets herself apart from all the fame-hungry escorts out there. She tells the girls these fantastic lies that she will make it, that Effie will place all her money in her name and that she will be crowned the victor of the 62nd Hunger Games. She will be able to go back home and feed her little daughter that she had a few months ago, and her life will resume. When the girl dies mere minutes after the entire charade begins, Effie drowns herself in vodka and whiskey. Haymitch only supplies her with these weapons of self-destruction and quips of how heartless Effie had been in misplacing hope in that girl's mind. He says, "I told you so." And then he leaves her to mull over the things that are already nagging at her conscience. (She forces herself to not become attached after that. She numbs herself so much that she transforms into a new person altogether. In a way, she leaves, but she does not become a ghost. In place of her former self she leaves a marionette and moves only in the ways her government dictates her to move. She keeps her heart at bay for now.) X Effie remembers she is heartless. This first occurs to her during her fourth year as escort, when Haymitch drinks his weight in whiskey and shouts and shouts and shouts until his words have buried themselves in the crevices of her brain: You're a killer, a monster, you're a heartless Capitol bitch . She initially brushes it off like she would with dust on picture frames and ignores him like she usually does. But his words echo and echo