. IMPORTANT: If you filtered for COMPLETED fics then each finished book in this fic is a 'complete' story, so just read those. If you wait for the whole 8 books to be finished then you may wait years and it might never be finished! Your choice. This fic will only be showed 'Complete' for a couple of weeks as each book is finished. . At the end of Deathly Hallows, Harry Potter finally defeated Voldemort, but magical society was still influenced by pure-blood beliefs, and through the following years, most of those who had resisted the Dark Lord paid the price – Harry most of all. But worse was to come; Muggles had their own conflicts resulting in world catastrophe. Only one person remained who understood all sides of the tragedy. Now read on... . Book 0: Hermione Granger and The New Beginning . Chapter 1 From The Ashes . ~~~ Accepting Death ~~~ Darkness shrouds us in an oppressive, deathlike mystery. Nothing is certain. The mind plays tricks. It reaches out to perceive what truly is... but grasps only emptiness. . An old woman lay gasping for breath in the dead of night, praying for release from her distress. Drained of hope and purpose in the present, she drew meaning from memories of friends long gone. How exquisite the recollection of their voices now! Their mannerisms! Their most casual touch! What vivid delights she recalled even in their drabbest daily routines. Her wasted facial muscles could no longer smile, but within this pitiful figure endured a remembrance of joy and warmth in youthful companionship. The direction of her thoughts came to an abrupt halt. From high on the wall opposite her bed, a frosty iron window had suddenly admitted enough moonlight to reveal a Victorian wheelchair that stood in the middle of the room, and the invalid's attention was drawn to it. The strange, cold, lunar radiance was dancing silent, feathery shadows across the framework, almost as if, outside in the wintry air, delicate silver aspens were stirring and whispering to themselves. But trees no longer softened the stark, stony outline of Rathgate Asylum, and within, not one caring soul swung a cheery lamp along its drab corridors. Despite the entrancing puzzle of the flickering luminescence, the misery and fear of suffocation still murked the old lady's mind. Was this how her life was to end? The memories in which she had lived the last few decades were becoming confused now, yet their impact remained as strong as ever: schooldays blighted by dangers and worry, a husband drowned in self-doubt a century ago, a dear friend traumatised and broken at last by repeated sacrifice, and the life of every good friend taken early. All she had known had been lost, while her own varied careers had also failed the aspirations of the poor woman's great heart. After dwelling too long on those grim feelings, an awful loneliness hauled her mind beyond the threshold of reason. Pangs of longing and regret tormented her soul. She sobbed softly – even that effort racked the pathetic cripple's feeble frame. Oh, Harry... Had she been wrong to renounce magic a second time, and struggle by in the Muggle world? Being one of Hogwarts' finest students followed by ten decades of perfecting many skills had placed her above other witches – but for what? Dark thinking had swayed Ministry decisions down the slippery slope to its demise, and the Statute of Secrecy prevented any help being offered to relieve the plights of the Muggle world: a runaway climate, the over-dominance of commerce, economic collapse; a sickening health service; out-of-control poverty, famine, crime, and finally, global civilisation felled by thermonuclear terrorism – not the vision of 2110 she had ever imagined back in the innocent expectations of her youth, well over a century before. The magical community, knowing nothing of radiation sickness, had perished along with the rest. A small number of surviving Muggle-borns had understood enough to create enchanted oases, protected from the deadly dust, but the more numerous and desperate Muggles in those areas had taken control, driving the few magicals out, underground, or to their deaths. The same pattern was repeated around the world until almost no magic remained. But science and technology had diminished and stagnated too. These isolated village-states cannibalised and modified what little remained of use from different eras: a few land vehicles, firearms, farm tools, power generators – whatever could be found. These Muggle tribes were only kept from fragmenting into chaos by harsh regimes – but for how long with neither magic nor science? With an effort, the ancient witch swung her scrawny legs out from the bedclothes and sat herself upright, coughing and wheezing her distress, eyes on the chair's vague shape. Three steps. Surely she could manage three steps – she who had once helped raise again the cracked stone blocks of Hogwarts School? For naught, of course, the castle had long since been lost beneath the scattered dunes of Europe's fallout desert. Were its dead ghosts condemned to wander forever those dark, buried passageways in sombre silence where lively students once clamoured? Let me die outside, away from this dread place. Let me breathe the clear fresh air once more before the end. Fear of falling held her there, deep in thought. She pulled a fleecy shawl around her shoulders to keep out the cold, and a fond remembrance warmed her heart too. Her closest friend had bequeathed this garment – his mother's inheritance – to the old woman long ago. She managed an inner smile and spared a little breath to fluff along the plush, magical garment. To Muggles, she knew the fabric appeared a dull fawn, but to her witch's eyes, the fuzzy threads quivered sideways under the flimsy exhalation, presenting new colours and patterns in the faint moonglow. Oh, Harry... All those many decades ago their eyes had met briefly and they realised too late that they had both made wrong choices. If only– "Weasley! What are you doing, sitting up!" A large flashlight shone blindingly from the direction of the ward keeper's angry bellow, then the harsh room light blazed on with a loud click. "Get back into bed this instant!" Strong arms forced the feeble old woman down. "How dare you defy my orders!" She shouted over her shoulder, "Thompson! Get the jacket!" "Yes, Sister Daunt." "Please, n-no," whimpered the old woman. "Can't ... b-breathe ... on ... m-my ... b-back." "Help me get it on her. And pull the straps extra tight – she needs to be taught a lesson!" Terrifying adversity often brings out a surprising stance. " Enough! " The delicate inmate's cry had been a mere gasp but it carried with it decades of pent-up magical authority. An icy windowpane cracked and spat glass overhead, while the bare light bulb perished with a surprising, tinkling bang. Daunt's glaring torch expired too and fell to the tile floor which was already buckling underfoot and heaving against walls which sparked and crackled with a grim new light – bewitchment! "Wh-what? What did you say?" stuttered the matriarch, blinking to recover her composure. The response she received was to be flung back against her assistant in a tangle of elbows and leather straps; they dropped in a heap of confusion. Instantly, the straitjacket they held unfurled itself and wrapped across the pair, netting them down into an undignified horizontal wriggle. Heaps of sympathetic bedding gently swathed the old woman and moved her across to the welcoming arms of the wheelchair which then curled away out of the open door. Its hard rubber tyres hummed and spun – yet who would notice that they were ... not ... quite ... touching the floor? The Asylum's reception sentry looked up from an ancient biker gazette to glimpse a grey-haired old lady on wheels whizzing out through the front door. He rubbed his eyes and gawped. Shouts from down the corridor were quickly drowned out as several old wirephones began gonging at once, together with the lockdown bellows squawker. But too late, for the extraordinary witch named Hermione Weasley had already fled. . ~~~ The Gods Fear Them ~~~ The night air's icy bite was choking Hermione in the frozen driveway down which she sped. No trail was left in yesterday's snow, but she dare not tarry. Silently and wandlessly she cast a warm Bubble-Head Charm which relieved the worst of her coughing fit. With a new, determined light in eyes that had long been dimmed of hope, she headed out into the parkland remnants that bordered the asylum on its west side. There was no question as to her intended destination. A few years before, while still able to hobble about with the aid of a crutch, she had sometimes slipped out to sit in the forsaken gardens beside an overgrown lake and dream away the summery hours. But tonight, framed by beautiful, white-laced branches, the large pool was black against the snowy banks, while the central island, like a Christmas cake topped by... Hermione stared at an amazing scene. Larger or smaller than life she could not tell, but three ash-robed witches, luminous as the moon, produced the threads for a colourful tapestry there on the glistening isle. One spun, one measured each thread, and ... the third held long sharp scissors... Too entranced to stop, Hermione floated her chair over the dark water towards them. "So, you come at last," murmured the spinner. "I have grown weary of the long emptiness of your life." The one with the measuring rod nodded her agreement but did not look unkindly upon Hermione. "I ... I think I ... know ... you..." Hermione panted weakly, in a daze of wonder. "You're ...The Parcae ... aren't you? The Fates? Why have you ... called me here? Do you plan to ... cut my thread this night?" "Your thread, you say?" cried the grim old crone with the flashing, snipping blades. "See how grey it has turned alongside the colours woven round it!" "Might one be undone?" whimpered Hermione. "No thread can e'er be unpicked once it has stitched itself into the fabric of life," said the spinner, solemnly. "Why be so cruel? You wh-whom even the g-gods f-fear!" gasped out Hermione near-inaudibly, for she was nearing her last. "You chose your path," the measurer said firmly. "Not f-for me!" – her exclamation left her coughing again – "Leave m-mine be – else cast ... out completely ... if you will. I beg you... might not Harry Potter's thread be reworked? His burden ... too terrible to bear." "We spin, we measure, we cut – that is all; see how the threads weave themselves," said the third witch, watching Hermione's expression closely. A strange thought entered Hermione's head. "Then blow upon ... his strand that..." – She gasped in more air with an effort – "that it m-might blend differently, as..." – she sobbed and gasped for many moments, summoning the final dregs of her life – "as ... does ... his m-mother's ... shawl." She gestured weakly to the garment draped over her shoulders. Hermione was scarcely heard, for she had nothing left – yet it was enough. "Deathless, we are above the gods, we do not breathe," said the spinner. All three stared at Hermione who was now urging her wheelchair onward, but all magic spent, she collapsed from it down onto the frozen ground. Inch by inch she crawled in tortured misery directly towards the fabric where it snaked along the hardened snow and up to the heavenly spinner – yet too late! Her eyes grew dim; Harry's thread was too high to reach and could scarce be seen because of the one black, slimy thread that slithered through and choked so many others. With her last breath she strained upwards and blew all her hope and her love and... the end of her life. Alas! another thread, not