. This is the true story of Lily Evans known only to a few and kept well hidden by them. Our strange tale begins way beyond Harry's time at Hogwarts. He's a family man now and has a daughter. Read on... . LILY'S GRANDMOTHER . Chapter 1 Lily's Wish . Twenty-one Years Later The last evening of August, 2019 remained warm after the sun had finally set, and the sky, still gold and glowing through the window, illuminated a young girl's full Hogwarts attire that her mother had insisted she try for size one more time. "I won't go!" pouted Lily Luna Potter, grinding her shiny new shoe into the living room carpet and averting her face from both mother and father. Harry Potter sighed. "But when Albus started at Hogwarts, you couldn't wait to join the boys there. Anyway, you have to learn about magic, Lily." "Dad, you've already taught me spells and–" "–I've taught you plenty to give you a head start but you still need a formal–" "–But James said it's boring. I want exciting adventures like those you had, like all those stories you told me." "Trust me, you do not want to be fighting trolls or... rescuing beautiful maidens from secret chambers." He glanced sideways at Ginny, who smiled back at him and took over: "Lily, that's where your father's adventures began – at Hogwarts," she said soothingly. "Who knows what might happen to you there one day?" "Nothing! That's what will happen to me! NOTHING!" Lily ran to the door. "I just wish for once something wonderful would happen," Lily shrilled back as she raced out into the garden. "Be careful what you wish for!" Harry called after her. "Well, that went well." He shook his head. "What on Earth's got into her? She was really keen to go only a few days ago." "Oh, Harry, she still is, of course. It's nerves mixed up with doubts about living up to the expectations she thinks will be placed on the daughter of the 'Chosen One'." Ginny walked to the window and looked out. A puzzled frown creased her brow. "Who's that she's with? One of her Muggle friends from the village?" Harry came to look. His eyes scanned past Ginny's formidable row of hydrangeas and along the shallow ditch at the lower corner of the garden. Near the side where a muddy trench petered out, a cracked path continued, and Lily was stood upon it talking to another young child over the squat hedge. The long tresses of both girls glowed redly in the light from the western skyline. Ginny gasped, then began to cry. Harry stared for a moment then took her in arms. He tried his best to comfort his wife but now he was weeping too. "My poor little baby's going out into the big world all on her own," sobbed Ginny. "It's alright. It'll be alright, Ginny. She'll be back in here in a few minutes..." . The Strange Girl "Hello," said the visitor. Lily frowned and moved her hand very slowly towards her wand – as she had been so carefully taught. "Uuh... who are you?" "Oh, I'm so glad you're magical too!" said the newcomer, seeing Lily's wand being gradually drawn from her waistband, but not recognising that the manner was defensive. "I got my own wand a few weeks ago." The girl pointed to the duffle bag slung over one shoulder but made no move to retrieve its contents. "But why are you here?" said Lily. "Oh, sorry, I, erm... wanted to find out about my relat– that is, my distant relatives," she added hastily. "I'm fetching my dad," said Lily, spinning away. The sole of her right shoe scraped noisily around the dirt gravel on the paving leaving an imprint as she took her first stride. "No, wait, please hear me out," cried the girl. "It's not what you think. I was afraid of what might happen so I came to find out how things worked out. Just to look, not talk, you understand. When you dashed so furiously into the garden, you took me by surprise." Lily held still, then turned slowly around, keeping her distance. "How can anyone find out how things worked out?" The stranger hesitated. Lily scowled. "Tell me or I'm fetching my dad." She scuffed more marks on the path with her best kicking foot. There was a nod of acceptance and the girl's hand crept towards the strap of her bag. Lily pointed her wand as a warning. "How?" She repeated. "With this." The hand held up something that glittered like fire in the dwindling sunset. Lily drew nearer until she discerned an ornament resembling an hour-glass tied to a Muggle clockwork device. Her eyes flashed wide and she took a step back. "That's a...!" "So you know what it is?" said the girl with some surprise. "Yes," frowned Lily. "It's a Time-Turner. My auntie told me all about them – warned me about the danger. You shouldn't have come back just to find out how... things would work out. That makes no sense anyway." "Uuh... well, no, I didn't come back – well I did but I also came uumm... forward if you see what I mean." "No, I don't. You can't travel forward in time. And certainly not go back all in the same moment." The stranger laughed. "No, what I mean is, I came forward to yesterday in Diagon Alley but it took me a week of searching the Daily Prophet archives to find my – that is, your family name – and another day to locate you, so when I got here my grand– erm... all you children weren't home, so I travelled back a few more days to the early hours of this morning. I wanted to see each of you – just to be sure you were alright." "Naturally we wouldn't have been here in a few days because my brothers and I will all be off to Hogwarts tomorrow. And–" "–Oh, me too, and I have new robes and a cloak exactly like yours in my bag!" squealed the girl but Lily continued like an express train that wouldn't be stopped now it had started: "–And why shouldn't we be alright? And you can't time travel for longer than a day nor even twice within a day. And I don't believe you, so there!" The stranger smiled warmly. "I'm glad you're so cautious and sensible. I read good things about our... that is, your family. I was pleased to learn your grandfather was a man called Potter, and I saw, uuh... his son Harry at the window a while ago. He's lovely." "Ah, so it's all about my dad? I might have guessed," Lily said glumly. "So many exciting things happened to him there's nothing interesting left for anyone else. The Chosen One – p'uh!" "Who? Ah, yes, I spotted a little about that too but I didn't read it all." Lily stared for a moment then moved closer, squinting as daylight dwindled. "So you're a cousin or something from way back in the past? You do look a bit like me." "A lot like you actually. Same hair. Same eyes. Very similar features too." She pointed at her delicately-upturned nose, then her cheek and chin. "But you can't simply stroll through different years just to see how – anyway, I still don't believe you. Time-Turners don't work like that." "Only because they're physically restricted." The girl leaned forward over the low hedge. "See that microscopically-tiny grub screw?" "A micro – grub – what?" "Well it obviously held a lock pin in place but even though he didn't know what the device was for, Dad and I pulled it out with pliers and–" "A what pin with what?" "A lock pin that – ah! I forgot witches think magically not mechanically... Oh, Goodness! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to call you a witch." "Why not? That's what I am. And so are you, aren't you?" "Uuh... you're right. I'm just not used to talking like that yet. I mean I know now that I'm magical but–" "You're Muggle-born! I wondered why you were dressed so funny but your clothes are not much like any Muggles I've seen. I thought you were going to an old fancy-dress party or something!" The girl flushed with indignation. "Well there's no need to be so–" "Oh, don't get me wrong – I like Muggle-borns," said Lily. "My favourite auntie's one and she's really smart! It's just that, well, I knew you weren't a Muggle obviously." "So you're not mad at me anymore?" "No, all Muggle-borns act a bit... different." Lily winked and the girl smiled again as Lily continued, "I mean, why take such a risk travelling through time?" Lily frowned as her own question became more direct. "Why did you?" A sigh blew out from between the girl's lips and her shoulders sagged. "I suppose it was rather reckless but..." "Tell me. Perhaps I can help. I'd like to help in fact. My life is as dull as that ditchwater." Petulantly, she kicked a stone into the mud and received a splash on her shoes in return. "Well... because both of my parents are Muggles, Professor McGonagall – she's the one who brought my Hogwarts acceptance letter – was to take me to Diagon Alley, but instead it was agreed I could go with my magical friend and his mother. We spent a whole glorious day exploring and I found this old necklace in a box of bric-a-brac in a No-Turn Alley shop." "Knockturn." "Sorry, yes, Knockturn Alley. Anyway my friend ridiculed me and said it was disabled and just for show and when I said my dad might fix it he scoffed and called him a nasty word. And he's also upset my sister and turned her against me – she's not magical either you see, and he doesn't like–" "–Doesn't sound like much of a friend!" The stranger's face clouded. "I thought he was amazing and interesting and entrancing at first and he kind of implied I might be his girlfriend one day if I wanted..." "What!" "I know. I was... dazzled by his magic, excited, perhaps even flattered, but now I've seen his other side and well, what if...?" Lily's mouth fell wide open. "You came through time to see if he married you!" The girl squirmed and nodded. "But I suppose I cannot avoid seeing him tomorrow on the train." She turned aside looking quite mournful. "Well... it's been a real adventure anyway." "Lucky you. Nothing adventurous ever happens to me," said Lily with a glum expression to match the visitor's. The girl looped the long necklace chain over her neck, then prised open a safety catch on the clockwork attached to the Time-Turner. "I suppose I'd better get back..." "What, now? How can you? You only arrived here this morning, you said." "So...?" "I told you, a person can only time travel once in the same day! It won't work for you again until tomorrow morning – you said you arrived here very early this morning didn't you?" "But I have to get back! And the mechanics are set for the exact number of turns and can't be unwound. You see, the spring is wound up tight and the mechanism is locked into the – oh, my mum would phone my friend's house if I'm not back by bedtime, and then the police! I'd be in such trouble! I have to try..." Her finger moved to the red button on the device. "NO, NO, NO!" Lily reached over the hedge to grab the girl's wrist. "If you set it spinning it could be dangerous! At best it will do nothing for you. Same day, same may, surely fall in harm's way! – that's the rule." " Same? The same person?" The girl leaned forward and looked closely at Lily. "What?"