Disclaimer: All characters and the wizarding world used within this belongs to JKR blah blah …. You know the drill! :D A/N: I have combined with a best friend of mine to write this FF, hope you enjoy! " There's a grief that can't be spoken. There's a pain goes on and on. Empty chairs at empty tables Now my friends are dead and gone." The dull ache behind Hermione's cheek bone made her grumble slightly as her eyelids fluttered open. Swinging her legs off the side of the bed she padded her way into the bathroom, the rising sun catching her honey curls in its early morning rays from the gap between the curtains. Raising her eyes to the bathroom mirror she exhaled slowly, tracing the purple bruise on her left cheek with her fingertips. How she wished he would stop doing that, she knew a part of Ron did love her; he just couldn't control his anger, nor his desperation for things to be different. Hermione lifted her arm to perform several glamour charms on her cheek bone, when a shooting pain went through her ribs. Hissing behind her teeth like an angry cat, she lowered her wand and caught the hem of her tank top, pulling it up high enough to reveal several sickening coloured bruises; combined with what appeared to be a broken rib. Tears brimming her eyes, she worked her appearance so that she was presentable to the outside world, without anybody seeing the signs of the beatings behind closed doors. Putting her emotional turmoil into a figurative box within her mind, Hermione stepped out of her flat somewhat ready to face the day. Her hair was pinned loosely up, with a few curls falling around her face. Light iridescent, sophisticated make-up graced her features whilst her tight pencil skirt, white blouse and tall black stilettos accentuated her hourglass figure and long, shapely legs. Giving a satisfied Hmmm at her reflection in her front window, she turned on the spot. Pulling a copy of 'Advanced Transfiguration' off of a self at 'Flourish and Blotts' and paying for it, Hermione turned it over in her palm, desperately trying to locate one of the small alcoves in a shop, so that she could sit and sip her hazelnut latte whilst reading. Her eyes traced the corners of the shop, finally realising that the only free space was in the Muggle section. Clicking her way across the shops, she plonked herself down at a rounded table, set apart from the rest of the shop and peacefully out of the way of any other shoppers. Sipping her coffee delicately she opened the cover and began to read. Quickly becoming totally immersed in the knowledge that the book was giving her and enjoying the theory provoking statements it was making. Reaching for her coffee, Hermione was subconsciously weighing up the idea of giving the title of this book to Headmistress McGonagall, using it as one of the books she would use to teach the 7th years at Hogwarts in the coming September. McGonagall had asked her to return as a teacher, once she had finished her NEWTS last year. She had accepted it instantly, and Ron had punished her severely for it. Nonetheless, she was returning as Transfiguration teacher and Ron would not stop her! Hermione cringed as the hot, sickly taste of a Vanilla late tricked down her throat. Fighting hard not to pull a childish face, Hermione looked down at her hands, which were indeed, clasped around a large coffee cup with the words 'Vanilla Late'. "Not a fan?" came the musical sound of a woman's voice, warm and tender with a hint of amusement. Hermione looked up, directly into azure coloured eyes that dazzled her. Narcissa Malfoy quirked an amused eyebrow at Hermione's apparent speechlessness. Hermione swallowed and put the cup down onto the table, realisng that she had obviously picked up Narcissa's late instead of her own, which sat slightly to the left of where Narcissa's had been. "I'm so sorry Mrs Malfoy, I didn't realise … I." Hermione stammered. But Narcissa placed a delicate hand onto Hermione's and smiled in earnest. "No worries, it doesn't matter." Narcissa smiled again before lowering her eyes to the book in her hand. She had obviously been sitting next to Hermione for some time, not that Hermione had noticed, she had been far too engrossed in her own book. Glancing down at the title of the book that lay in the blonde woman's hands, Hermione frowned in palpable confusion. Narcissa Malfoy was reading 'Pride and Prejudice', a Muggle romance classic. It had been some years since Hermione had last read 'Pride and Prejudice', but her memory filled with thoughts of the love story, the trials and struggles that came with the gentry back in the 19th century. Her mind wandered onto the feelings of romance that had long since gone from her marriage, the loving feeling, the feeling of safety. She looked down at her coffee and sighed deeply. As she went to take a drink, reaching her hand across the table, she realised it wasn't her coffee and snapped back to the present. Her pale cheeks flushed gently as she remembered she wasn't alone at the table. Narcissa watched Hermione from across the table. She knew that sigh well. She could see the young woman's eyes filled with emotion, and as Hermione's eyes met Narcissa's, she caught a glimpse of the pain. The pain Hermione was so desperately trying to hide. Narcissa reached her hand over to the Vanilla Latte and picked it up. Gently taking a sip, Hermione followed suit and drank from her own coffee cup, the Hazelnut kick this time sliding down her throat rather than the sickly vanilla. The two women sat there, in silence for a few moments, neither knowing what to say to the other. Hermione gently smoothed one of her curls back behind her ear, looked up into Narcissa's eyes and held eye contact. "Again, I'm sorry I took your coffee Mrs ..." Hermione began, but Narcissa waved a hand softly, cutting her off mid sentence. "Call me Narcissa, Mrs. Malfoy sounds so .." Narcissa said, trying to think of any reason as to why she didn't want to be reminded of her married name. Hermione was surprised. She looked at Narcissa, taking notice of her sleek blonde hair, so very controllable in comparison to her own wild curls. She looked at her face, the sincerity of her words was apparent from her expression. "Ok, Narcissa ..." Hermione said cautiously, in case the invitation was revoked. Narcissa simply smiled, a stunning smile, but as Hermione looked, it appeared Narcissa's smile may have been on her lips, but it wasn't in those eyes. This time Hermione saw emotion in Narcissa's eyes, a desperation being suppressed. The silence between them was broken by a muggle dropping a book onto the table beside Narcissa. It fell with a thud, making both Hermione and Narcissa jump a little. Hermione hurriedly closed her book, slipped it from the table and into her bag. The one trouble with sitting in the muggle section, the constant chance that a magical book would be noticed. Narcissa smiled again, this time in amusement. "This is why a classic is a good idea in here, even if the inside is somewhat different" Narcissa observed, sliding her copy of Pride and Prejudice across the table. She watched as Hermione took the book with an inquisitive look flash across her face. Narcissa continued to watch the range of emotion cross Hermione's face as she read what was in fact Curses and Counter-curses. Hermione looked at Narcissa in disbelief. It was so simple, yet so very clever. She smiled a genuine smile at Narcissa and said: "This is genius, its brilliant ..." The muggle at this point growled something about this being a quite reading table and hoped the two ladies were finished. Narcissa and Hermione looked at one another, and smiled. "Would you like to come back to mine, where we can talk properly?" Narcissa asked, and without another word Hermione collected her bag and followed Narcissa from the small corner of the muggle shop they had found themselves in, watching her long coat billow in the gentle breeze. Hermione was somewhat surprised when Narcissa did not stop to apperate, instead she lead Hermione through London to an elegant set of flats on Sloane Square. Climbing the steps behind Narcissa, the younger witch was acutely aware of a pounding in her chest, nerves combined with a reflex fear she supposed. Stopping outside a flat door, no different and no more luxurious than any other, Narcissa pulled out a key from within her cloak and unlocked the door, gesturing for Hermione to enter. Stepping into the hallway, Hermione marvelled at the stylish interior of the flat she now found herself in, it put hers to shame! The walls were white with small silver birds on the walls, which dived and flew graciously across the wallpaper. The look was very modern muggle and Hermione was pleasantly surprised to find a large flat screen T.V in the front room, to which Narcissa had just led her to. "A flat?" Hermione queried. "yes, I prefer it to Malfoy Manner. Lucius and I, well, the divorce is nearly done and I like my own space away from that bastard." She replied, seemingly at ease. The blonde witch stepped out of her heels and put them in a corner, Hermione followed suit, agreeing that heels would not be a good thing on the carpet. Her feet felt the warmth of the soft carpet and she exhaled, feeling somewhat more relaxed, though still a tad awkward. "Take a seat Hermione, can I get you a drink? A glass of wine maybe?" Narcissa asked casually whilst pulling the clip from her long hair and running her hands through it, sauntering into the kitchen. "Rose if you have it please?" Hermione answered softly. Narcissa turned back to look at her with a devilish grin on her face, "of course I do!" Hermione found the smile infectious and smiled coyly in return before contemplating sitting on one of the plush leather sofas. Instead, she decided she would sit on the floor and curl her legs underneath her. Looking down at her hands, Hermione's eyes filled with unshed tears as the sunlight caught her wedding ring, reflections of its gold and diamond qualities playing across her face. Narcissa choose that moment to re enter her front room, carrying two glasses and a cold bottle of rose wine. The older witch cocked her head slightly at Hermione's decision to sit on the floor, but promptly shrugged her shoulders and joined her on the carpet. Hermione watched as Narcissa closed her fingers gently around the neck of the bottle and the cork instantly flew off. "Wandless, and non-verbal. Pretty impressive Narcissa" Hermione remarked, somewhat astonished. The older woman laughed slightly, a rich but musical sound, and continued to pour two glasses of wine, handing one to Hermione and keeping the other loosely in her grip. Raising it to her lips she noted how Hermione watched the light shine through the pink liquid in her glass, as the contents moved gracefully. The younger woman had a distant, pained look in her amber coloured eyes. The flecks of gold in them that should have sparkled, were dull, and the darker rings to them that should have been dazzling her with their affluence of colour and knowledge, remained lifeless. A soft frown edged Narcissa's face as she looked at the young woman before her: "So, I heard you were returning as Transfiguration mistress and teacher this year? Head of Gryffindor House too?" Narcissa prompted carefully. Hermione sat up a little straighter and she smiled brightly, but it didn't reach her eyes: "Yes, Minerva asked me to return a little while ago, I go back in September." Narcissa took another