Draco Malfoy and the Shadow Walker Chapter 1 – The Invitation With an unpleasant pain in the pit of his stomach, Draconius Malfoy remembered that it was his birthday. He'd been lying awake in his bed listening to the storm hurl huge raindrops at the windows when he realized that it must be after midnight, meaning that he was turning eleven years old today. Draco hated birthdays. Not birthdays in general. Just his own. His parents – especially his father, Lucius Malfoy – simply didn't 'believe' in them. "Waste of time, particularly a waste of my time," he would snap. A gust of wind smacked a willow branch against the glass. Draco stared at the pane, hoping to see a flash of lightning. Maybe he would make a wish if he saw one. Can you wish on lightning? If he could, he would wish that this birthday would at least be better than the last one. On his last birthday, the Malfoys had had company. A man (who spoke a confusing mix of English and Hungarian) had visited the house and had brought along his twin sons. Draco had quickly been drafted to entertain the boys, and during the course of the afternoon had inadvertently mentioned that it was his birthday. This had immediately led to questions about presents. At first Draco had tried to change the subject, but eventually he had lied and claimed that he'd just gotten a new racing broom but that he couldn't show it to them because it was going to be delivered later that day. Unfortunately Lucius Malfoy overheard everything. It was bad enough that Lucius both pointed out the lie and publicly confirmed that no presents would be forthcoming at all, but after their guests had left he also informed his son that he had just lost the privilege of flying for the next two months for "embarrassing the family." No, there was no way this birthday could be worse than that. Feeling thirsty, Draco threw back the covers and walked barefoot to his ensuite, flitting from rug to rug to avoid the cold marble floor. After taking a long drink straight from the tap, he straightened up and examined himself in the mirror. Looking back at him was a boy with grey eyes, straight whitish-blond hair, and sharp features. Except for the paleness of his hair and his skin, the boy didn't look much different from any other eleven year old – a little shorter than average perhaps, but otherwise unexceptional. But Draco Malfoy was very different from most children. He, like every other member of his family, could use magic. A cracking sound echoed around the rooms as Dobby, a gangly house-elf with large furtive eyes, bat-like ears and skinny limbs, suddenly appeared, standing in the middle of the expansive bed. Dobby peered back and forth, finally spotting Draco who was glaring angrily at the elf from the doorway of the ensuite. "Oh, Master is out of bed." "What are you doing here, Dobby? I've told you over and over not to come popping in here in the middle of the night." The house-elf wrung his hands and quickly apologized. "Oh, Dobby's so sorry, Master. Dobby didn't mean to upset the young Malfoy. Dobby just wanted to make sure he was sleeping well." "Hoping to stop me from sleeping well is more like it. I bet you're disappointed to find me already awake," Draco muttered. "Oh young Master, I would never want to do anything that would upset you," retorted Dobby. His green eyes misted up, giving a kind of credibility to his regret, although his sly smirk gave just the opposite impression. "Well if you don't want to upset me, then get out of here," growled Draco. The elf gave a very formal bow and responded, "Whatever you wish. After all, I don't want to get in the way of you enjoying your birthday. I'm sure there'll be lots of presents and games. Why, I bet your mother will even visit, Draconius." "I said get out of here." Draco hated being called by his full name. The house-elf nodded and disappeared with another loud crack. Draco shook his head in disappointment. Dobby was about the only one he wished wouldn't remember his birthday. The elf knew full well that that Draco's mother wouldn't be visiting. She hadn't been here in months. And as for games or presents, there certainly wouldn't be any of those either. Dobby, who had been serving the Malfoy family since before Draco had been born, had become a master at following the letter of directions while ignoring the intent. Just a few days ago he'd been asked to wash the sheets on Draco's bed, which he happily did immediately, not bothering to remove them from the bed first, or even waiting for Draco to get up. Physically punishing the elf was pointless. An innate protective magic made it virtually impossible for a house-elf to get injured. As a result they had never developed the same sensitivity to pain or extremes of hot and cold that other creatures had. However, Dobby was unusually insensitive, even for a house-elf. This may have just been due to some personal quirk, although the popular theory in the family was that it was the side effect of a collision of spells between a Shield charm Dobby had cast and a rather powerful curse Draco's grandfather Abraxas had shot at the elf after Dobby had replaced the chair Abraxas was about to sit in with a tub of melted cheese. But whatever the cause, Dobby seemed impervious to physical harm. You could drop a bowling ball on his head and the elf wouldn't care in the least. When Draco was very young this had provided some amusement, but hitting Dobby with things seemed mostly to amuse just Dobby these days. The elf loved to 'punish' himself for every imagined wrong, usually while shouting sarcastic apologies. What was most embarrassing was that the elf always saved the wildest displays for visitors. If it was up to Draco, he would happily get rid of the all-but-useless 'servant,' but Draco's father felt that it was important to keep him around. Lucius Malfoy claimed the elf was a sign of the family's status, but maybe it was really because Lucius didn't want to be the first Malfoy that lost a battle of wills to a troublesome house-elf. The Malfoys were one of the most respected families in the wizarding community. Part of that respect came from the fact that the Malfoys could trace their family history back as far as wizarding records were kept, and every member of the family had been magical. Their bloodlines had never been tainted by mixing with the non-magical community, not even through marriage. But, even if it had, their wealth and influence would still command respect. The family lived on a lavish country estate, employed a fair sized staff, and had no shortage of material goods. Draco knew he lived a privileged lifestyle and felt a little bit guilty about resenting his parents for not marking his birthday. The guilt, though, may not have been genuine. It may have merely been a reflex from having heard so many times in his life that self-pity was a sign of weakness. Draco turned the light off, plunging the room back into darkness. A lightning flash briefly illuminated his reflection again and he told it, "It's not like they don't care about you," before making his way back to bed accompanied by a roll of thunder. The storm continued to rage outside as the light of the morning slowly grew in strength. Most children would have been driven mad by the tedium of waiting for morning to come, but he enjoyed the feeling of solitude. When it finally seemed late enough he climbed out of bed and pulled on his favourite slippers along with a silk robe which had a slender green dragon embroidered on the back. The dragon blinked its eyes and looked around with a bored expression as Draco headed down to the kitchen. Draco's father was already there, sitting in a hard-backed chair at the large table. In his hand was a small glass containing a bright red liquid. Father and son gave each other small, barely perceptible nods in greeting. Lucius Malfoy was a tall, thin man who, like his son, had bright silvery-blond hair. As usual, he was already dressed in a formal black suit with accompanying cape. He was not fond of casual banter so he didn't speak a lot to his son except when there was something that needed saying. Unfortunately, it seemed that the things which most often needed saying were Draco's shortcomings. It was not that Lucius disliked his son; he just had very high expectations and in his opinion Draco had not done a very good job of living up to those expectations. Draco must have been looking curiously at the glass in his father's hand because Lucius stated flatly, "It's for my health," before draining the contents in one gulp. Lucius wiped his lips with a white napkin decorated with the Malfoy family crest, and rose to his feet, tossing the now stained cloth on the table. "I'm going to be out for most of the day, but I will be back before dinner. When I return there is a matter that you and I need to discuss." Giving no further explanation, Lucius turned and walked away. Draco listened to the sound of his father's echoing steps fading away, wondering what "matter" needed discussing. He hoped he wasn't in trouble. Finally, he shrugged. It probably wasn't that important. Last week his father had brought him into the city after announcing that they had some "important business" to do together and Draco had ended up spending the entire day trying on nearly identical shirts at a dozen different stores. He couldn't imagine that today's "matter" would be much more exciting. "Dobby!" Draco yelled. "Dobby, did you make breakfast today?" Draco waited for an answer, already thinking of the leftover salmon from the previous night's dinner. If Dobby was feeling mischievous, as he seemed to be today, it was usually better just to find something in the kitchen. Dobby, waiting the precise amount of time it took to be irritating, finally appeared. "Of course young Master. Your father left orders for me to make breakfast for you and your sisters," he said with a barely perceptible smile. "Although he didn't ask me to make you a birthday cake. Perhaps that's where he's gone – to the bakery to pick one up." Draco considered lashing out at the elf when suddenly a large breakfast appeared on the table. It looked surprisingly good with sausages, pancakes covered in syrup, and orange juice. Draco hesitated. Getting breakfast out of Dobby, particularly something actually edible, was never this easy. "Go on young Master," urged the house-elf. "Tuck in." "What's wrong with it?" Draco asked, giving Dobby a suspicious look. Dobby's grin widened. "There's nothing wrong with most of it." With a loud crack the elf disappeared once again, probably back to the attic where he seemed to lurk most of the time. Nothing wrong with 'most' of it? Well, with basically three things, that meant two must be okay. His stomach rumbled and he hoped the pancakes were edible. They looked very good. But Dobby would know that Draco liked pancakes so they would probably be sabotaged. But then Dobby would know that Draco would suspect that, so maybe they wouldn't be. The more he thought about it, the hungrier he got. Eventually he couldn't resist any longer. He took a bite of the pancakes. They tasted good, and when nothing strange happened after waiting a short time, he kept eating. Draco was just finishing the pancakes when Dobby reappeared. The elf looked at Draco's plate and his shoulders slumped. "I hope Master enjoyed his pancakes," he grumbled