- Oh , well, to be the first dick to get into an ass not doing anything wrong. Vigilante Chief - Please Finnick call me Ryan. Finnick nodded as she let the unknown member of that coming through the hole in the rear of the copper . It had taken a few chance encounters with the upper echelons of the Capitol, but Finnick had finally succeeded , had come to the organizer of the early Hunger Games. It had not taken him long to get up to shower and have Ryan 's penis in his power . Finnick was an expert in that. The copper fell on the warm marble shower , letting Ryan go in and out of him, who saw that scene Ryan think that was the key , but it was clear that no. While Ryan continued at a slow pace but deep inside Finnick bit her cheeks and clenched his fists against the surface . - And ... ? And you ? - Ryan began to pant , posing hands on the shoulders of Finnick : It's your first ? Oh , god ... - Quiet Ryan , you're not the first. Of course it was, it was the first with that Finnick had sex that guy . It hurt , of course it hurt. But Finnick could not let him show it. I had a picture , obliged, but an image, and could not afford to feel even a bit of damage, he should give pleasure and are totally focused on that. Also, at that time, Finnick had another goal. - Do you know ? I ... Oh . I heard that this Arena Hunger Games is being very ... You can put it deeper, if you like . - Thank corresponded man , riding the body of Finnick harder . And ... well , you should not talk about the arena with one of the mentors , do not you think ? - But I'm not "one of the mentors." Am I wrong ? - Right. Do not ... Ryan ran faster and with less force than they had imagined Finnick . He was glad , he would not have to stay longer endure that pain. Ryan went smoothly from Finnick 's buttocks while trying to catch his breath and heartbeat . As his home, Finnick went to wash her hair , letting the water fall down her back, completely ignoring what had happened a few seconds ago . He turned and waited for Ryan was recovering livid , luckily Ryan was a big man , too big , Finnick figured it would not last many years due to his size , and less if you're Vigilante Leader. When they had exchanged glances, Finnick stretched his hands and began to lather the hair of his companion. - In your face I see you 've liked you - I combine the copper . - I had always heard of you , Finnick . Although he had a ... higher expectations . Finnick had to re- biting cheeks to contain a humorous or critical commentary . I knew there was serious , Finnick Odair was very well known around the Capitol, and even in parts of Panem as the best lover among all known . Besides , he was a winner, he had won the Hunger Games just 14 years old, the youngest . Although he did not consider Victor, rather an expiration , because of those Finnick Games was in that situation , having to put horny a disgusting fat, responsible for that in a couple of days the last person left and imported in Finnick the world was about to die. - Prefer the bad reviews teased Finnick . So make me be more selective with my clients. - Selective ? Snow thought I was the one chosen. - Call it a "middle middle" . For him or for me. Again, Finnick lied . President Snow was saying when or who was passing them coppery hours , but had managed to get this game fully . And this time , the goal was to discover how the arena would be , I had to find out. Finnick blindly believed that if he found out and she told she could forgive . - I hear you do not like to get paid with money or jewelry . - I've spent years without experiencing something as absurd as Finnick money growled , lowering his hands from Ryan thinning hair to its underbelly . Besides , why would he want you to pay me ? - Well, yes I know anything as organizer of the Hunger Games is that NOTHING is free. How do I pay , then, for the pleasure of your company ? Finnick decided to take control of the situation, Ryan was getting too arrogant and that could not happen . It was now or never. Finnick ran his soapy hands by accumulated on both sides of Ryan 's hip , with a strong, fast moving Finnick gotta have the member Ryan in his hands fat. Ryan sat up instantly, just recently cum but the contact of long and agile hands of Finnick resumed her wanting more. - With Finnick whispered secrets , tightly clutching the device . And, you know , you have many interesting . Before Ryan could complain or say something, Finnick knelt and this entire penis slipped into her mouth, touching her bell. Shortly after starting to cover him with his tongue, member Ryan got hard and rise again, ready for a second assault . Ryan failed to speak, put a hand to Finnick curly hair and gasped with brutality. - Well ... if you have secrets Ryan laughed , his teeth Finnick with levity . Oh my god ... Ryan came as Finnick started moving his hands by a member of this , the culmination Finnick scarce swallowed semen expelled . He had not only given back, but now he had to swallow that disgusting substance , hopefully soon loosen clothing , because he was having quite sonsacárselo Finnick . Finnick stood up once again and this time it was he who was washed , had to remove the taste of the mouth. - Well? Finnick purred . - What do you know .. ? - How will the sand replied , coming out of the huge shower . I know I'm mentor in these games , but I'm also not sure what you want to know that President Snow has been playing with his favorite toy . - You're the favorite toy of Snow . - Why do not you go and ask him? Finnick had tired of games , I knew that if I had to go where Snow and would tell what happened without any doubt. He was playing too the letter , too ... - All right, I 'll tell you what you want . - Tell me how will the sand. Nothing more . Ryan also came out of the shower with nervousness, if Snow found out that game probably will not tell. And, at least for once, Ryan felt important, important to organize the Hunger Games . - I will only say that I will be a very ... move sand . There, Finnick had what I wanted. Ryan dedicated a smiling wink , were not fully told things so both would be safe. Finnick left the apartment Chief Warden with a little ego. He did not even stop to put on some pants. As allies of one of the streets of the Capitol a group of girls from the age of Finnick frost stayed to see this happen to him. He was used to it . Not that you would like , but given the circumstances , he was already cured of fear , he just kept that stupid game that had gotten almost ten years. He smiled at the group of girls, who screamed and hugged each other, excited . Finnick reached the training building , where all the tributes chosen in the respective crops concurred when the Games, when the sun began to set were staying. He took the elevator and went up to the fourth floor , the entries for your district . When he got a fair-haired avox kindly offered a pair of gray color. - What? - Finnick gave , looked at himself and realized that there was going naked yourselves . Oh , yes , of course. Thank you. He took the garment and put it on without protest , after went straight to the lounge with the TV had not been informed of the progress of taxes throughout the day. He had not even attended a meeting he had with some sponsors , you would not really need to do to attend. Maggs was there , building a small network with ropes while a notice of sunscreen was broadcast on the main television. Maggs was Finnick 's mentor in their games , since then it was like the mother of copper . He counseled and cared for , was his confidant. Their relationship became stronger when the family was Finnick ... - How have you been meeting ? Finnick asked , trying to avert evil thoughts . The old woman turned in her seat and gave her a brotherly smile to his pupil , but not used to talk with their eyes could express anything . And this time , the face of what Finnick said Maggs and feared he was going . - We have not achieved anything ? - Stifled a sigh as the lace was tied stronger trousers. Go ruin for District Four . The male tribute is a cocky arrogant who refuse to be helped . And the female tribute ... Before I could say anything Finnick , Maggs stood up and hugged him , smiling and copper . Finnick put his hands on the old woman sighed and asked : - Is he in his room? - Maggs pulled away and nodded . I'll go see it . Finnick was not sure he'd open the door , but at least had to try. He left a kiss on the hands of his mother and was almost to the hall room . Mich had volunteered to represent District four . It was normal to submit , was a professional. The professionals were children raised in schools, they were prepared for the Hunger Games from shortly after birth, and then only had volunteers present . In District four were not as deadly as in the District one or two, which were quite deadly , most years they won. Finnick sighed against the door of the room Mich. , upon arrival to the Capitol Micho help Finnick reneged , saying that his mentor was not a professional. I though it would have been the youngest of all known to win the Hunger Games with only fourteen years taxes, did not come anywhere near the level that Mich had. Finnick let it go when I said , if he wanted help he lost . Furthermore, Finnick was not interested in helping the male tribute. No, of course it was not. He called his fist at her door , the female tribute , praying internally because it wanted him to enter. -Adelante ! Cried a sweet voice on the other side of the door . The copper took a breath and let it out slowly, curly hair straightened slightly as he entered the room. No one was there , the bed was unmade and a plate of food was stamped against the window. In that window was projected a hologram of a beach. Its beach , the beach district four . The sound of a door opening Finnick back to reality, he had been enthralled watching the screening , he turned on his heel and looked at the door to the bathroom. However often he