Serendipity Disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing from the Harry Potter universe. This fanfiction is written purely for entertainment purposes and nothing more. A/N: Alas, the sequel is finally here! I sincerely apologize for how long it has taken me to update and get this rolling, but here we are at the start of a brand new journey. A special note to bear in mind as we venture forward: Do not expect the same characters you saw from Destiny, because Destiny took place 11 years in the future, in an alternate universe. Yes, they are going to be different, more immature, etc. That's normal. In 11 years, as all of you know, they become more mature, but this is the area in their life where the choices they make develop them into the people we see in 11 years. For instance, Hermione is more impulsive, daring, insecure, and emotional. This doesn't mean they will always be that way. Keep that in mind, please. Remember that this is the story of Hermione re-discovering herself, making some changes, and learning to be true to herself. Also, I hope that you at least had some time to go back over Destiny and read the things I changed about the story. Enjoy! -Annie. P.S. - This is what I consider the "prologue" to Serendipity. It basically covers a compilation of scenes that give us a brief glance into what led Hermione to The Wedding Day and her encounter with Destiny and why Destiny got involved. It starts off where Deathly Hallows left off (minus the epilogue, obviously), and continues onto The Wedding Day. Prologue The Dark Before Dawn May 2, 1998 I would not feel safe for a very long time. I knew that for a certainty as my eyes drifted over the rubble and debris that once stood as my home away from home and the only place I ever I truly belonged. The scent of burning flesh and mortar made my lungs capsize in my chest, one breath sputtering unevenly after the other from my lips. Ash drifted through the evening air, twinkling oddly in the gray sunlight as it lowered over the horizon. I no longer knew if the salty moisture trailing down my sooty cheeks were due to my heart ripping into shreds at the sight in front of me, relief that the fighting was finally done, or the ashes of my loved ones. So many had died. Lord Voldemort was finally dead. In the span of one evening, our childhood and innocence were stripped without our consent. We had lost so much in such a short time, and yet we had also gained. It felt wrong to feel happiness and I felt guilty as I stared among the dead. After the battle had finally ended, the bodies were rounded up, friends and family were consoled, food and drink were passed around. Mostly everyone had left, unable to bear the grief, the destruction. I remained, roaming the fallen corridors and empty classrooms until I found the one place I had always felt safe in - the library. But my library was gone, withered to a piece of ash-laden rubbish. We were able to save most of the reading material, but it would never be the same. It was here in the library, peering out an open window over the remains of what used to be, that I finally allowed myself to weep. It wasn't until the sun had departed from view that I noticed a pair of light footsteps behind me. "I've been looking for you." Hearing his voice steadied my gasps and sobs and his hand found mine, unsure and limp. He smelled like smoke and butterscotch and I breathed him in deeply as he wrapped me in his embrace. Now with Voldemort gone, perhaps our lives could finally move forward. Maybe we actually stood a chance at being happy together, Ron and I. Again, I felt guilty for finding comfort and happiness within these walls when so many had lost their lives defending them just hours ago, and a fresh batch over tears brimmed over, streaming onto his dirty shirt. "We're going to hold a wand ceremony in the courtyard if you want to join us," Ron informed me despondently. I squeezed his hand. "How are you doing?" Ron let out a sigh, looked for a moment as if he would cry again, swiftly released my hand, and swallowed loudly. "I'm not really up to talking about how I'm feeling right now," he told me softly. "You need to at some point," I pressed but when he refused to speak further, I instead asked, "How'd your mother?" "She's just trying to make sure all of us are okay. Typical Mum, caring about everyone else before herself. She and Dad have already made arrangements for a funeral." "So soon?" I exhaled. "Wednesday. Just a private service for family and close friends," Ron replied hollowly. "I would really like it if you would come." I blinked through my tears and pulled him into a fierce hug. "Of course I'll be there." We stayed locked in each other's arms for several minutes before Ron finally pulled apart, placing a small kiss on my forehead. "We should go. They'll be waiting for us." I nodded solemnly and followed him out of the library, leaving everything I used to be behind in its remains. May 19, 1998 "You're really leaving, then?" I nodded, rolling over in the grass and propping myself up on my elbow so that I could see him better. We were lounging on the flowery hills a few paces away from the Burrow, resting in each other's arms under a large oak. On the other side of the tree sat Fred Weasley's grave marker, the soil still freshly moist. Ron had taken a comfort in coming to the oak tree every day and visiting Fred. Sometimes, like today, I would join him and we would exchange conversation. Sometimes we would talk about the war, about the past, but we focused mostly on the present now. "Tonight," I told him and Ron gave a hefty sigh in displeasure. "I don't like the idea of you being so far away," Ron confessed. I smiled softly, welcoming his comment. It was going to be difficult for both of us to be apart from each other. We had spent every day together since the funeral. "The sooner I find them and remove the memory spell, the more likely I'm able to prevent permanent memory loss," I responded, gathering a handful of colorful poppies and arranging them nicely next to Fred's grave. "How long will you be gone?" Ron inquired, staring up through the leaves at cotton ball clouds. "It honestly all depends on them and whether they need time to adjust to their memories. A lot of time has passed and I have a lot of things I need to speak to them about." When he simply nodded, I took his hand assuringly. "It won't be for too long, hopefully. I'll be traveling with Aurors and meeting with Healers as soon as I reach Australia. There's nothing to worry about." He nodded, finally meeting my eyes. "I know. Just hurry home, okay?" I smiled as he brushed aside a lock of my curly hair, his fingers lingering on my lips. To my surprise, I soon found myself with my back on the grass, Ron's lips caressing mine and knocking the very breath out of my body. He pulled away after a few seconds, his blue eyes boring into mine, uncertain. We hadn't kissed since the day Hogwarts fell. With the funeral and all of the award ceremonies and hearings we've had to attend, it's been hard to focus on much else. "I hope that was okay," he said after an awkward pause, growing red. "I know we haven't really had a chance to talk about the chamber of secrets - " I stopped him. "Ron, we have all the time in the world to talk about what happened in the chamber of secrets when I get back. Let's just enjoy today." For reassurance, I pecked him on the cheek, sending his cheeks a bright red. "You're right. Blimey, I can't be without you for too long, I'll go mental," he whispered into my hair, flopping back on the grass and pulling me onto his chest. "Let me know when you find your parents?" "Of course," I replied. "And promise to come back as soon as you can?" I couldn't remember smiling this much. Our fingers danced together as we stared up at the sky. "I promise." May 24, 1998 Dearest Ron, Australia is just as beautiful as I dreamed it would be, but it is far too hot and dry for my liking. As I write to you, there's not a cloud in the sky - just your type of weather. The good news is, I've found my parents. Healer Devonna and Healer Arnett are doing everything they can to assist me. It's been a pretty long process, but it seems they're coming around more and more with each day. For the most part they understand who they really are, but sometimes they will start talking about things that they know as Wendell and Monica Wilkins. It's been exhausting and very emotional on both sides. The bad news is, they're quite angry with me for keeping so much from them, as is to be expected, but I never imagined that they'd be so against the Wizarding World. Last night, they actually asked me to give up magic and return to the Muggle world. I know they are just frightened and don't understand. They probably never will. How are you doing? How's Harry and Ginny? Tell me everything I've missed. I can't wait to return to England. I miss you very much. All my love, Hermione June 1, 1998 Dear Hermione, You don't know how happy I was to see a letter from you. I'm glad you found your parents. Things at home have been pretty rough. Mum's redecorating the entire house. We went through Fred's things last night as a family to see what we should keep and throw out. It was really hard. I'm keeping his old Quidditch posters and his old chess set. I figure I can teach my kid with it one day, like he taught me. Mum and George are the ones really taking it hard. George cracks jokes and stuff still, but he just doesn't feel the same without Fred. None of us do. Harry's feeling a bit dodgy - I don't know whether he's sick or if everything is finally starting to hit him. Remember when I had my break down after Fred's funeral? Well, I think he's close to having one, but you know how Harry is. Other than hearings and meetings with the Minister of Magic (Can you believe Kingsley's Minister now?) he's been avoiding us like the plague. Ginny doesn't understand him like we do, not yet anyway. She keeps getting pissed off that he won't make time for her, but in his defense we've been really busy. She's been pretty busy, too. She's been helping George out at his shop. They started rebuilding Hogwarts last week. The first thing they did was put up a memorial on a wall with all of the names of the deceased that fell during the Battle of Hogwarts. Harry and I attended the two-day trial for the Malfoy family, which started yesterday. In fact, I'm writing you from the Ministry of Magic. The stupid prat and his mummy and daddy got pardoned. Harry spoke in their defense, of course, just like we knew he would. I know, I know, I shouldn't be so hard on them, they saved Harry's life, but he's still a prat and no matter what you say his dad is still a prick. Anyway, they were all put on probation. Lucius Malfoy was stripped of