If I Die Young Disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing from the Harry Potter universe. This fanfiction is written purely for entertainment purposes and nothing more, though all ideas and writing are done by me and belong to me. A/N: I wanted to do something different and shake things up a bit. I had planned this out several years back to be a long story like my previous stories Alexandrite, Destiny, and Serendipity. But as I'm still working on Serendipity and Alexandrite and super busy, I don't intend this story to be very long. We'll see - I'm a very busy gal. I'm also writing this a little different than my other work - I constantly like to change things up and try new things. Please review and let me know how you like this! Enjoy! .-Annie I 1974-1975 I'm not a girl, Not yet a woman. All I need is time, A moment that is mine, While I'm in between. -Britney Spears (school's out for summer) Her parents demand to spend the summer abroad. "One last family outing before you leave for university," Lily's mother explains, glancing at Petunia over her mid-morning strawberry mimosa with watery eyes. "It will be one of those 31 night cruises, practically all summer! We will be traveling the mediterranean. Oh, Tuney, you always wanted to see Italy, didn't you?" Lily dares a look toward her older sister who is frowning down at her impressive fruit parfait, scraping her spoon loudly against the glass bowl. Petunia is graduating early and taking off for university at the end of the summer, getting as far away from their simple neighborhood as possible. "When do we leave?" Lily wonders, reaching for her glass. "Tomorrow morning." Lily's glass of sparkling lemonade freezes halfway to her lips. "I just got home," she breathes out. "I thought you two would be excited," their mother says, her mossy eyes - the only physicality Lily had received from her mother —narrowing in on her daughters. "When's the last time we took a cruise?" Lily forces a smile onto her face. "Of course we are excited— " Petunia snorts unpleasantly next to Lily and the redhead gives her sister a sidelong glare "—well, I'm excited. It's just a surprise." "Yes, well, I happen to - what I mean to say is, your father and I—" Petunia releases a frustrated sigh, plops her elbow rather loudly onto the freshly polished table, ignores the disapproving whispers that erupt around the country club, glares at the empty seat next to her mother. "Where is Dad?" she accuses. "What's the point of family brunch every week if he doesn't bother to show half the time?" "Your father had to meet with a client," she replies tartly, knocking back the remainder of her mimosa. "It's Saturday ," Petunia grates. Lily feels her knee jerking up and down impatiently under the table. "Yes, well, your father was called in—apparently, it was an emergency." Lily frowns, opens her mouth. Thinks better of it, closes it. Decides to hell with it, opens it again. "I think a patient threatening to kill themselves is a rather big emergency for a therapist." "Wonderful," Petunia drawls, raking a slender hand through her thick flaxen hair. "He does realize that his clients have to stay home while we're on this vacation , right?" Lily nibbles on her index fingernail, painted a rather loud shade of daisy yellow. Emmeline insisted she brighten her color palette because her utterly normal shades of pearly pinks and muted mauves were depressing and took away from her aura and Emmeline refused to be depressed. "We will need new swimsuits," her mother continues, ignoring the pair of them. Lily bites a little too hard, chips her cheery polish, draws blood. (somewhere beyond the sea) Her mother buys them too many bikinis with her shiny AmEx and two pairs of matching, ridiculously expensive coral earrings. Petunia waits until her mother's back is turned before promptly tossing her pair in the nearest waste basket. Her parents can't even last one day at sea before they begin to scream at each other. Lily resumes her nail biting. Petunia flinches while applying her mascara, throws it down on the vanity, rips her sunbathing essentials from her suitcase and into her purse. She grabs Lily roughly by the elbow and makes an effort to slam their stateroom door loudly behind them. "Don't be stupid," she snaps at Lily as they find a pair of tanning benches and flop down on them. Petunia's nail file is loud and scratchy as she drags it along Lily's ragged fingernails, her movements rough and painful. "This vacation is a death sentence, not a salvation. Those two, trapped on boat in the middle of the ocean with nowhere to be rid of each other? They'll be divorced before we reach Greece." Lily rips her fingers from Petunia's vice-like grip, gathers her long claret hair into a high ponytail, and brings her knees to her chest. She doesn't want to be on this stupid trip with her materialistic mother and her always exhausted father and her angsty sister. She would give anything to be back in England. She misses Hogwarts, misses partnering with Sev in Potions, misses Emmeline's daily horoscope readings from Witch Weekly , misses Mary's fretting over which shade of lipstick might impress Sirius Black. Hell, she even misses Sirius Black. But she doesn't miss James Potter or his ridiculously chaotic hair or his inappropriate jokes at the breakfast table or his annoying habit of thinking he's a regular Adonis — And suddenly, she's happy to be as far away from Hogwarts as possible. (it's a cruel, cruel sumer) The summer passes painfully, like pulling teeth. Lily's father buys her a camera in Cannes after another row with her mother. In Barcelona, Lily ditches her family during a tour of a Spanish basilica, wanders the busy streets until she finds a small shop. She purchases a photo album to house her camera's memorabilia. She falls in step with her family as they are leaving the basilica and Petunia glowers at her as she expertly slides her new purchase into her backpack. "How'd you enjoy that, sweet pea?" wonders her father, sliding his sunglasses off his flop of strawberry hair and onto the bridge of his nose. He hadn't even noticed she'd been gone. "Mm, it was beautiful," Lily replies easily. Petunia's lips peel back over her gritted teeth. "Yes, what was your favorite part?" Lily shrugs. "The rich history and all that." But their parents are too busy arguing over which cafe to eat at. In Sicily, her father diagnoses Petunia's worsening sour apple attitude as a transitional crisis leading up to her leaving for university. He gives her a glittery mermaid green journal to process her feelings. "Bloody therapist, my arse," she seethes later in their stateroom, dumping the diary onto her bed. "He can't even see what's going on in his own family." When Lily wonders how she's doing, suggests that maybe she should give the journal a shot, maybe it could help, Petunia chucks the decorative journal at her head. Instead, Petunia processes her feelings with Antonio, Milos, and Luca. Lily writes compulsively, every detail. She even reads ahead for her upcoming school year. (tell me, baby girl) They make it to Greece without their parent's getting a divorce. When they dock in Mykonos, Lily angrily raps on the bathroom door for the fifth time in an hour. " Petunia , what the hell is taking you so damn long? We are supposed to meet Mum and Dad for breakfast." Petunia whips open the door and shoves an object in Lily's face. A bright pink double lined sign flashes in her face. "Petunia," Lily breathes out. " Lily ," she spits out. Lily blinks, attempts to speak, furrows her brow. "It's positive," Petunia whispers. "It's—I'm pregnant." She laughs hollowly. "You think if we tell them they are going to be grandparents, it will make them stay together?" For the first time in three years, Petunia allows Lily to hug her. (bump in the road) They don't stay together. On the last day of the trip, their fighting stops and Lily peers at Petunia over the cover of her textbook. The sisters share a knowing glance when there's a knock on the door and their parents step into their room. "—too different—" "—working all the time—" "—spending problem—" "—depression is worsening—" "—don't love each other anymore—" In tears, Lily's mother turns and exits the room. "I hate you," Petunia hisses at her father. "I know you've been cheating on her with your client . I've known for the last six months." "Tuney—" "What?" Lily gasps, staring between them. She looks to her father and he looks so disappointed and dead she just can't bear to anymore. "You were cheating ?" "You are a therapist , can't you cure her depression?" Petunia continues crossly. "Your mother is seriously ill—" "Why is it so easy for you to give up on her?" demands Petunia. "Instead of spending so much time at work with your lunatic whore you should be fixing her and you should be working things out!" " I've done everything I can ," her father erupted. "I stopped the affair three months ago, Tuney! I came clean. We've been to marriage counseling all year. We aren't happy with each other anymore and it's time to go our separate ways." "You are going to kill her," Petunia sobs, beating at his chest. "She's not strong enough. Where will she go?" "She's agreed to get help," her father explains. "She's checking into a hospital when we return home. That was her choice. The separation will be good for us; she can focus on herself and getting better." Lily's fingernails are bleeding again. On their flight home, Petunia begins to complain about cramping. She tells Lily she's been bleeding off and on for five days. Lily stubbornly puts her foot down, sets up an appointment for her sister with their family doctor. It's the closest they've been since she left for Hogwarts her first year. "I lost the baby," Petunia declares after her appointment. "I lost my mother and I lost my baby. It's my fault—I didn't know if I even wanted it, what with me being so young and not knowing the father and starting university—" "Tuney, I'm so sorry," Lily sympathizes, reaching for her sister's hand. "Dont," she says harshly, coldly. "What good are you? You're leaving me, too." Lily glances at the calendar on her wall. She returns to school soon. She doesn't know what to say and can already feel her sister slipping away from her. She wonders if Petunia will ever want to be her friend again. (here comes the sun) "—and then he told me I looked pretty , can you believe it?" Mary squeals, jumping up and down in the crowd. " Emmeline , are you paying attention? Do you see him?" "Nope," the tall Hufflepuff responds, scanning the Gryffindor section of the Quidditch pitch for Sirius Black. "First game of the season. I'm so excited!" A gust of warm wind swats Emmeline's waist long strawberry blonde hair into Lily's mouth. She coughs, jerking out of the way. Emmeline readjust the flower wreath atop her head, silently apologizing to Lily with her wide gray-blue eyes. "Can we just find a seat already?" Lily complains. "The Ravenclaw team is already flying out which means the game should be starting any second now." Mary pointedly ignores Lily as she usually does. Mary MacDonald, who uses her father's reputation and her mother's generous cosmetic line to get attention and make friends, doesn't particularly like the out-spoken, simple-fashioned gusto that Lily harbors. She merely tolerates her presence because of their mutual friend, Emmeline. "Emmy, what does my love horoscope predict for this month?" Mary wonders, plopping down on a nearby bench. She pulls out her compact mirror and applies