A/N: Hello everybody! This is MFCO16 with my fifth fanfic, and this one is another AU story. This one will have Percy and the rest of them be all mortals and having lived different lives together. In this story, Percy, Nico, Jason, Will and Luke are not demigods, but mortals and famous mortals. In this universe the band Guns N Roses never existed and instead was formed by those five in modern day. They will share a name with GN'R, but they will not be a carbon copy as I will give them some songs that were from Slash's solo career and Velvet Revolver. I am doing this story because I am tired of hearing stories where AU Percy is famous but he's a pop star and sing frickin Jason Mraz and Bruno Mars songs. I may have the band be 18 and 17 and 16 year olds because I always loved the high school fanfics, but that will just be where they meet and the rest of the story will be when they are famous and doing concerts. I will be changing some of the song line-ups on some albums because even though GN'R is one of the greatest hard rock bands of all time, they did have some crappy songs (One in a Million and My World). The actual GN'R members that are represented by PJO characters are: Percy = Slash Luke = Axl Rose Nico = Izzy Stradlin Will = Steven Adler Jason = Duff Mckagan Let's do this;) Los Angeles, California Sister Hera's Orphanage July, 2012 Percy POV "PERCY! NICO! LUKE! GET DOWN HERE!" A harsh female voice yelled from the bottom of the stairs. Luke, Nico and I were sitting in our room just listening to some Led Zeppelin on our crappy little radio and playing around with our respective instruments. Nico and I played small melodies on our cheap electric guitars while we sat on our shared bunk. I was on top bed and he was on the bottom bed. My guitar was a dark blue with light blue sun burst Les Paul style guitar that I had gotten from my mother. I was so excited when I got it that I named it Riptide and didn't put it down for weeks. Nico's guitar was also a Les Paul but it was all black with silver trim. On the other side of the room sat Luke on his bunk that he had claimed for himself. He was sitting with his back to the cracked and water damaged tan wall with a black composition notebook in his lap. He kept it and a small pocket journal with him at almost all times to right down song lyrics and his thoughts. Nico and I would tease him sometimes by calling it a diary, but if we did he would give us a dead arm so bad we couldn't play guitar for days. Nico and I had been here since 2010 when our parents (my mom and his mom) had died. His in a freak storm that had caused the gas line to leak and blow up their whole apartment. He and his sister Bianca survived but his mom Maria didn't. My mom died when we went to a rodeo and the bull got loose and uhh... I really don't like to reminisce that day. I was twelve when my mom died but Nico was ten. He was just lucky he had Bianca there to help him. She's just a year younger than myself and Luke is a year older at 15. Luke has been here a lot longer than us though. Once he had finally warmed up to us as roommates, he told us of how he ran away with two girls when he was 10 and they were 9 and 8. He told us how they bummed around for a while before he was caught by truant officers and delivered here. His mother had died while he was gone. The two girls had managed to escape the truant officers while he stayed behind to give them a chance. I looked up from my guitar when I heard Sister Asshole's voice calling up from the bottom of the stairs. I took a look at the radio and saw it was nearly 6:00. She was probably calling us down for dinner. I reached over to the radio and turned it off. Luke looked up from his notebook with a scowl and Nico voiced his feelings. "What the hell man? Turn it back on." he said. Luke just nodded his head and said "Yeah, turn it back on. That's like my favorite Zeppelin song." "It's almost dinner and I don't feel like giving Sister Asshole a reason to give us a demerit. I also preferred my guitar with uncut strings. "Uggh, I was just coming up with something good too." Luke said as he closed his notebook and placed it under his mattress where he kept his extra cash. I laid my guitar on my bed and hopped off the bunk. We all headed out the door and down the creaking wood stairs to the dining room where the other orphans already were. With set plates. My eyes widened as I realized that there was probably no food left. Nico and Luke seemed to realize the same things as our heads snapped to look at the kitchen counter and the pitiful amounts of food that were left. As fast as I could I ran over to the counter and attempted to wrestle Luke and Nico out of the way for the good food and not the bottom-of-the-pot crap. Luke, being older and a bit stronger was able to push me out of the way and get first, but I was able to push Nico. Not that he had to worry. Bianca was seated on the girl's side (there may be both boys and girls, but they were kept as separate as possible) and would probably let Nico have some of her food. Nobody had started eating yet when we sat down until Sister walked into the room with her nun clothing on and sat at the head of the table. I always thought it was kind of funny as it made her look like a penguin. She sat down and everyone looked at her, anxious to start eating. "Children, join me in grace." She said with her eyes closed and hands folded in prayer. Most of the children said grace out loud with her but Luke, Nico and I stayed silent. I opened my eye to see Luke had a small smirk on his face. He saw me looking at him and winked at me. I looked at him confused until I realized he was about to prank Sister again. I tried to tell him not to, as we were already on thin ice for the night, but it was practically in his blood to prank. He said he gets it from his father. He started to speak along with grace, but not saying the actual words. As he changed the words and spoke at just the right volume that Sister couldn't hear us at the head of the table but the other orphans could, I started to crack a smile and so did the others. I couldn't help it. It was pretty funny to hear him mock prayer, no matter how sac-religious it is. The giggling and smirking were beginning to get louder and less and less people were praying along with the Penguin. She became aware of the prank a few seconds later when her eyes cracked open and she saw the smiling faces of the kids at the table. Faster than lightning she pulled a ruler out of nowhere and slammed it on the table, effectively silencing the room. I swear she has one of those damned rulers on her at all times... Luke however still had a smile on his face and said "Amen to that..." under his breath. I could barely hold in my laughter, but the glare from Sister Hera was enough to keep me silent. "I will not tolerate this kind of behavior at my table! Now, one more outburst and I'll double your chores for the month." she said threateningly. We remained silent after that as all that could now be heard was the clinking of silverware on porcelain. Dinner went by quickly as once we finished eating we excused ourselves and put our washed dishes in the kitchen sink. As Nico was clearing his plate, Bianca also finished and followed him to the sink. With Luke, Nico, Bianca and myself all at the sink and out of earshot from everyone else, Nico whispered to us. "You guys want to go on the roof at 10:00?" he asked us. We all nodded our heads and said yes as we went out separate ways to our own rooms. Time passed pretty quickly again as we continued to do basically the same as what we had been doing before dinner. Luke grabbed his notebook to keep writing down his thoughts or song lyrics. Each of us wanted to have or be in a band one day. Preferable with each other. We did kind of fit the rock-n-roll archetype; we each had on a dark or ripped pair of jeans (or both in some pairs), we had long-ish hair (Sister won't let us grow it out all the way), we smoked, and we acted like punks. Now, I'm not saying we're assholes to people, but we aren't exactly nice, goody-two shoes boys. I put down my guitar and pulled out my own note book where I wrote down song lyrics. So far we haven't come up with much... Hey shut up I'm like 14. Time Skip to 10:00 Percy POV I was laying on my back with my head on the worn down pillow that was on my bed. I felt a slap on my leg and saw Nico at the end of my bed. He nodded his head toward the window but didn't say anything. I looked at the clock and realized I must have dozed off. It was a little past ten so I got up and grabbed the pack of cigarettes I kept in my mattress. I put on my shoes and jacket and we climbed out of the window and up the fire escape to the roof. We went about 2 stories up from the 3rd floor that our rooms were on. The roof was pretty plain, all that was up there was gravel, the (broken) air conditioner, and a door that led back into the building. Not that we'd ever use that door to come up here. It was locked and if Sister ever caught a kid trying to get up here she'd put that ruler to use. I saw Bianca and Luke waiting for us at our spot. We walked over to the edge of the building and I gave Bianca a hug and sat down. We chose this spot because even though we were in a pretty shitty building, that spot gave us a great view of the lights of LA. It really was beautiful. "Hey Percy, pass me a cig." Luke said. I pulled the pack out from my pocket and passed one to Luke before taking one out for myself. Nico looked like he wanted one, but I knew I would get an earful from Bianca if I gave him one or let him smoke. I put the cigarette in my mouth and Luke passed me the lighter. We sat up there for a bit, just enjoying the open air and taking slow drags from our cigarettes. I usually only smoke about one every two weeks and today was my second one in the month. It was Luke that decided to break the silence. "I can't stay here anymore." he said, still looking at the city lights. I shifted in my spot so I