A/N: This is my first fanfiction, and as such, I would appreciate reviews and recommendations on how to improve my story writing and conversion to fanfiction. This will be an AU story as everything from the end of Mark of Athena to Blood of Olympus, and from there is all mine ;). The original PJO and HOO characters all belong to Rick Riordan. – MFCO16 Chapter 1: The World Today Theseus POV Crack! The familiar sound of a whip reverberated through the surrounding land followed by a moan of pain. I was unable to suppress the growl of anger at the cyclops who wielded the whip. "Keep working you good for nothing pukes!" he yelled. All we could do was keep working away in this dank and dirty mine, collecting the supply's for the weapons of Gaia's ever growing army. Oh the irony of it. We, the slaves of Gaia, work until we either die of exhaustion or are killed by the multitude of different monsters that roam the the new world. I've wondered if it's been so long since a monster was killed by a demigod, that there are none left in Tartarus, the prison of the gods. In my reverie (curtesy of the damned ADHD), I failed to notice that I hadn't been working, and so had the master. "Didn't you here me you worthless little slave! I said KEEP WORKING, or I'll feed you to the hellhounds!" he yelled at me. I couldn't help but wonder if his job as our master had effected him to the point that he forgot there are volumes lower than loud and louder. Unluckilly for me though, he took my silence as a spout of insolence, and decided that I needed to be disciplined. "Get on your knees slave!" he yelled. Again. Apparentley I wasn't moving fast enough, and one swift kick and a beefy cyclops foot later I was one my knees and assuming the possition (as ungraceful as that sounds, it was pretty accurate). Crack! "One!" Damn, no matter how many times that happens, I'll never quite get used to the sting. Crack! "Two!" Sonovabitch that hurts. Crack! "Three!" I think he might have gotten a new whip. It feels like flaming shards of glass getting dragged across my back at super sonic speeds. One thing I say about this big sack of meat is that he has one mean swi- Crack! "Four!" I winced, but was able to contain any sound that would indicate I was feeking what was happening to me. Apparentley to his dissatisfaction. He started to whip harder. All the others could do was either do their best to ignore the by now familiar sound or keep watching, unable to look away from the gruesome sight. CRACK! "Five!" He said with an easily detectable smugness and satisfaction in his voice as I finally let out some indication I was feeling what was happening. I became suddenly and uncomfortably aware of the warm fluid flowing down my back like the Tiber itself. I decided to not give him any more satisfaction than I already had. Think about something else. Use that ADHD to your advantage... CRACK! "Six!" Think of Mom. Think of Dad. Think of Mom. Think of Dad. Think of Mom. Think of Mom. Think o- CRACK! "Seven!" I could feel the frustration in his strikes and realized he might do something I would regret if I didn't give him more than a grunt or wince in reaction. CRACK! "Eight!" "Aarrgghh!" I finally yelled out. I could practically feel the satisaction rolling off of him in waves. "Finally! The little legacy cracks. I was starting to wonder if I'd have to get out the knives. Night night." he said. I was about to say something just to annoy him, but realization hit me and before I could move, a sharp pain lit up the right side of my head and everything went dark.\ Line Break "Uugghhh." I groaned. I became aware of the soft covers beneath me as I woke up. I tried to move, but the pain in my back flared and my head started hammering. "Oh! You're awake! Anthony! He's awake!" my mother, Marina, said. She rushed to my side and I was able to hear the clatter and foot steps of my father rushing to the room I was currently in. "Hi mom." I said with a smile and another failed attempt to get up so I could hug her, only to be restricted by the pain in my back again. "Oh I'm so glad you're okay, we were so worried." She said as my father walked into the room. "Theseus! You're awake. We were starting to get worried about you." He said. "How long was I out?" I said. "Three days. You're mother and I had to work over time just to keep the masters from busting down our door and making you their next lunch. You need to be more careful! You of all people should know what they are capable of." My father chastised. "Oh stop it Anthony, he already got punishment from them he doesn't need to be nagged by you. That's my job." She scolded him, only to end with a playful glare toward me. I guess I should explain, my name is Theseus Williams. My father, Anthony Williams is a 36 year old son of Triton, born 16 years before the Second Giantochamy, the same year as my mother, Marina Walker daughter of Thetis. My mother is around 5'6", has shoulder length dark brown hair, tan skin, clear blue eyes and, if I say so and I guarentee my father agrees, is very beautiful. My father is about 6 feet tall, has close cropped black hair, evenly tanned light bronze skin, deep blue-green eyes, and is fairly handsome. I just so happened to get the best of both of them, as I am 5'10", have shaggy dark brown hair, azure eyes, my father's tan, and am 16 years old. I have lived in this world all my life. The life of a slave to Gaia and the Titans and Giantes. My mother would tell me stories sometimes. Stories of the world before the war, when the Gods of Olympus still ruled and mortals had no idea. A time when their demigod children protected each other and the mortals from the monsters of myth. She told me the stories of the heroes of Greece and Rome, the ones my father trained me to surpass in skill. They say that one day demigods will rise up and take the world back from Gaia and her children, but I'm beginning to think that day has passed. The gods that weren't captured and sentenced to their new all over the world and in Tartarus haven't been seen since the war was lost over 20 years ago. Actually, now that I think about it, exactly 20 years ago. 20 years. 20 years since the gods were imprisoned. 20 years since the Heroes of Olympus disapeared. 20 years since the children of Gaia assumed control. 20 years since Olympus fell. FLASHBACK (sort of. Theseus wasn't there, so it isn't really a flashback but it is past events from Percy's perspective, so it is more of a filler to catch you guys up to speed for Theo's world) Percy POV We were at the base of the origional Mt Olympus fighting for our lives. The seven of us, Me, Annabeth, Piper, Jason, Frank, Hazel, and Leo. We weren't the only ones though. The armies from both Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter were here as well. After Reyna and Nico were able to return the Ahtena Parthenos to Camp Half-Blood, fixing the gods' schizophrenia and allowing them to transport themselves and the armies of Olympus to Greece, where we and the rest of Gaia's minions were waiting for them. The armies of Rome and Greece, after coming out of their daze from the long distance teleportation, began to realize they were standing in close proximity to their supposed enemy, not even seeing the thousands of monsters just a few miles away. "Romans!" Octavion yelled in his nasally voice. "The Greeks are attempting another ploy to destroy us! Get into forma-" Reyna, I assume, was finally at the breaking point as far as dealing with Octavion's lies and decided to bash him upside the head with her shield, officially interupting his attempt to rile up the Legion. "Romans!" Lord Jupiter thundered ( AN pun intended ). "This feud ends NOW! We cannot afford to fight each other while the armies of Gaia prepare not two miles away to annihilate us and erase us from exhistance! We must unite under one banner! The banner of Olympus!" It seems that Lord Jupiter/Zeus was king of the gods for a reason, as his little speech was able to rile up both the Romans and the Greeks, even though the main of the speech was directed at the Romans. I could see familiar faces in the army of the Greeks as they came over to see that we were alive, aswell as the Romans for Jason and Hazel and Frank. I could see Clarisse, the Stoll twins, Katie Gardener, Chris Rodriguez, Will Solace, and Nico. I could also see Thalia and the Hunters in the crowd. "Percy!" They yelled in unison. "Where have you been!" "What have you been doing?" After the brunt of the rapid fire questions were delivered, I was met with Thalia's electrified fist met my face, only for her to recoil as if she was punching a steel wall. "What the Hades Seaweed Brain! I thought you lost the Curse of Achilles in the Little Tiber in New Rome!" she yelled at me. I had lost the curse while crossing the Little Tiber, but while Annabeth and I were in Tar... that place, we both decided to take on the Curse of Achilles to survive. While we didn't get any physical scars, after the Styx anyway, the curse did nothing to stop the things we saw. FLASHBACK (Yes this is a flashback within a flashback from Percy's perspective) Percy POV "Come on Annabeth, we need to keep moving." I said in a scratchy voice as we walked over the uneven and rocky Tartarus ground. I couldn't even tell how long we'd been down here, but I'd guess a few days, from the effects the poisinous air turning my throat and lungs to a chared and raw mess. I can only say the same for Annabeth. We had been wandering down here, trying to use the River Phlegethon to heal ourselves of injuries and prevent death, but that didn't last long. Soon we both realized monsters of the worst kind flocked to the River like moth to a flame. We wouldn't stand a chance without invulnerability. So we decided to leave the Phlegethon in favor of the Styx. "We're almost there Annabeth. We have to keep moving." I said to her semi conscious form as I supported her under her arm. I could here the soft yet ominous gurgling and churning of the Styx as we got closer. "Percy..." I heard Annabeth say. "It's OK now Annabeth we're here. We're at the river." I said as I laid her down on the river bank, trying to be as careful as possible with her vulnerable state on the sharp rocks. I pulled out the last vile of nectar from Annabeth's pack and poored the healing liquid down her throat. After a few seconds, the nectar began to run its coarse and the bruises and cuts receded a small amount from her face, as the very nature of the pit counteracted the effects of the nectar. In a few seconds her eyes flutterd open and they lock with mine. In a second her arms were around my neck pulling me down to her despite our remaining injuries and her lips were on mine. After who knows how long