Summary... One-shot, back story to Salazar Slytherin, this story is connected to another story of mine; Powers of a Millennium. 'How could this have happened?' the boy wondered coughing harsher, his lungs protesting with every breath, forced to crawl through his family home. He had to get out of there… there was no time for him to search for the rest of his family. In front of the burning house, the remains of two bodies hung… burnt to the point of unrecognition… but he knew who they were… and now he did nothing but let the tears stream down his face. His mother and father are gone… and he is uncertain if any of his siblings got out in time. This is the first story, set around the time of Anglo Saxon England, Medieval Era and a few decades before Hogwarts came into existence. This story will focus on Salazar Slytherin or how I have name him for the moment; Salazar of Silfren. This is the beginning of his story and life that will set him on the path to meeting the other founders and creating the greatest of the magical schools. I know that Salazar's thoughts may not match an average nine year olds mental process, however do have in mind that this is in a time that people grew up at a very fast pace and Salazar is a prodigy, magically and intellectually. Nonetheless, I apologize for anything that seems highly unlikely... the mindset of a nine year old is hard to actually understand. So, little air, pain in his chest, the smoke making it hard to see. A small young black hair boy with startling forest green eyes coughed into his hand. He did not know what had happened, he had been woken up by the screaming of his younger brother. His mother and father were nowhere to be found, but through the roar of the fire he could hear the yells of an angry mob. ' How could this have happened? ' the boy wondered coughing harsher, his lungs protesting with every breath, forced to crawl through his family home. He had to get out of there… there was no time for him to search for the rest of his family. He had to trust that they were going to find their own way out. He ignored the little voice in his head telling him that his younger brother didn't know what to do in this situation. He hated himself for thinking it, but it is likely that he died from inhaling the smoke; crying out for either of their parents. Tears stung the young boy's eyes; he is unsure if it was because of the loss of his little brother or because of the black smoke. It was by no small miracle that he made his way outside and out of sight from the muggle villagers. The Gods favored him that night, but not everyone from his family was so fortunate. The young boy fell to his knees and cried out silently. In front of the burning house, the remains of two bodies hung… burnt to the point of unrecognition… but he knew who they were… and now he did nothing but let the tears stream down his face. His mother and father are gone… and he is uncertain if any of his siblings got out in time. He cried till he had no tears left and watched as his family home… the house that had belonged to the head of his clan for generation became nothing more than ash. The rest of the clan will soon hear of this and they will go further into hiding. Edric and Keeley of the Silfren Clan were the strongest of the adults and their spell-work had no competitor from within the clan. He steadily slipped into the darkness lost to the dark thoughts that resided within his mind, but unexpectedly a female figure ran up to him. She was holding on tightly to the wrist of a younger male. Neither of the two bothering to hid their anguish and despair. The female knelt down in front of the youngest male and pulled him into a tight hug. The other male watched the area, jumping at the slightest of sounds. His eyes making it a mission to ignore the destruction of his childhood home. "Salazar!" the female cried softly, "I am relieved you got out of there alive." "The Gods favored me, sister," the youngest boy mumbled into his eldest sister's shoulder. He didn't care that he was staining her favored night robes with his salty tears. He was simply happy that someone from his family had survived. "Jetta!" the other male said through clenched teeth. "We have to get out of here now!" Jetta let go of her younger brother and nodded stiffly. Her eyes shining with unshed tears whenever she turned towards the burning house. "Salazar, Kenric is right we have to go!" Salazar pulled himself out from his sister's embrace, "did no one else make it out?!" Jetta lowered her eyes and shook her head frantically. "Salazar now is not the time. We have to leave! The muggles will soon be searching the property for survivors!" Salazar closed his eyes and nodded. His sister got up and kept a tight grip on his wrist and swiftly snatched Kenric's wrist. She started running feverishly in a random direction, the males had to work to keep pace with their elder sister. She did not care where they were going… as long as it was far away from this nightmare. They ran through the grass plans of their family's home and without thought ran into the dark forest. It was thanks to years of playing there that saved the three from tripping over. They ran with confidence and instinctively went to the area where they had always known to be save and sacred to their family. They collapsed once their strength gave out and their bodies had no more adrenaline to use. They cared not for the fire, the dangers too great that they could not imagine and huddled tightly together, Salazar in the middle of his elder siblings. He barely slept that night, his mind plagued with nightmares that would never end. The sun rouse over the horizon as though the night before their lives had not been ruined and the three dearly prayed that it had all been a horrid dream. But reality did not take long to sink in and their eyes reflected the ghosts that haunted them. Once Salazar woke up, his sister was sitting staring lifelessly into the clam water of the lake. His eldest brother was nowhere to be seen. He sat there trying to not think of the night before, trying to find some happiness in his now bleak existence. Yet, he felt the chill that reached his bones and he was sure that it was never going to leave him. He dug his hands into the pockets of his robes. His ceremonial robes; they had celebrated Lughnasadh the evening before, he had fallen asleep with them on. His mother wasn't… wouldn't have been pleased with him. Luckily his wand was still within one of its pockets. Salazar eyes brightened as he pulled out his wand and the small critter slithered between his fingers; hissing in displeasure at being forgotten and left within his robes the night before. Salazar lowered his hands and let the animal free, it roamed in happiness, but soon it felt its masters sadden mood. The creature was still too young to understand its master's mind, but it could tell that he was in great pain. Salazar lowered his head; he owed a great debt to the Gods… they had not only favored him the night before, but also his beloved Sceocca. His familiar was still in this world and for the first time in the pass hours he did not feel completely alone. A tall object cast a shadow over the young boy, making him jump as he put a protective hand over his familiar. "You were able to save her," Jetta stated as she knelt down and looked at the creature with a fond smile. "It was by mere chance sister," Salazar murmured, his eyes never leaving Sceocca. Jetta smiled sadly, "it was the Gods designed Salazar. We owe them much." "We owe them nothing, Jetta," he sneered, closing his eyes tightly not wanting to cry again. "They take more than they give…! What… happened… to the others, sister?" Jetta shook her head, "little snake you do not want to know." "Please, Jetta," Salazar begged, "I have to know. It will drive me mad if you do not tell me!" Jetta stared carefully at her younger brother and sighed, "as you wish, little snake. Though since last night I cannot consider you a child any longer. No, your eyes are of a man now." "I did not wish to grow up like this!" Salazar protested. Jetta inclined her head and pushed his shaggy straight black hair back and away from his face. "No one choses how they grow up, little snake, nonetheless you asked me a question. Mother and Father were pulled out of the house first; they fought with all their strength, but the muggles overwhelmed them. They burned their bodies immediately and soon spread the fire to the rest of the house. I found Kenric and forced him to stay with me. Faline died in her bed, the fire reached her room first. "Wyman died in his room from inhaling the smoke, however Aart also made it out, but immediately got caught. He ran outside of the house right into the crowd of cheering muggles. They grabbed him before he could do anything and burned him at the stake." "And Verona?" Salazar asked hesitantly. However, this time, Jetta refused to answer and stared intently at nothing in particular. It was Kenric who answered, "she suffered the same fate as Aart." His eyes flickered to the ground were Sceocca was now curled up. "I see your familiar survived… why you keep it in such a pathetic form I shall never understand Salazar." Salazar didn't respond. His heart breaking for the pain his little sister had to have felt. He couldn't understand, why did the Gods do this?! His sister was innocent, more so than the rest of them. She was pure and possessed a kind heart, animals adored her and she could never bring herself to harm another living being. Sceocca hissed at the being who insulted her and her master. But did nothing else, her master needed comfort, she could feel his despair through his every breath. "What are we going to do now?" Salazar asked brokenly. Kenric shrugged, "we kill them. They will not get away with doing this to our family. Our clan's honor is on the line." Jetta stared at him incredulously, "your mad, Kenric, we do not have the power to fight off the entire village." "The Black Heart of Silfren admits she is not all powerful now?!" Kenric mocked, clearly searching for a fight. Jetta scoffed, "be rational Kenric. I am not strong enough and neither are you. Salazar has barely even begun his training." Kenric sneered at the two of them, though his eyes focused on the small reptile that laid on her master's feet. "We could use Salazar's monster." "She is not fully grown, brother, her eyes cannot even kill a cat yet… let alone a human." The youngest argued. Kenric growled and stomped around the camp, he did not like the situation. All he wanted was to make those beasts pay for what they did to his family. Its his duty as the eldest male to protect the family honor, but Jetta is correct they do not have the power or knowledge to defeat such a massive group. However, an unholy idea started to form in his mind and he was going to do it