It won't look like it until the end of the chapter, but this is a Christmas story. The plan is to post a chapter a day until Christmas' Eve. *crosses her fingers* I hope you like it! Huge thanks and *squishy hugs* go to my pre-readers, prettyflour and MrsK81. You ladies make my heart smile so big! Long Way to Christmas The first time she saw him was the welcome result of a blunder. Bella was meant to have brunch with an old friend in Pentwater, but could not find the quaint little Shoppe where they were to meet. Her GPS unit told her she had arrived, but she didn't notice the little sign pointing down the stairwell to the basement level Café , basement level being the operative and neglected piece of information. Pentwater is a very small tourist town on the Lakeshore of Western Michigan, and only a fifteen minute drive from her home in Hart. She had lived here for the last three years in her Uncle Charlie's house. She grew up visiting him every summer and knew the area well even before she moved to Michigan, intent on getting away from the constant heat and loneliness in Arizona. After seeking the Café to no avail, Bella turned her Durango back toward home. Chagrined, she kicked herself for not having had the foresight to get Katy's cell number. She heard the tell-tale "ding" as her gas light kicked on, reminding her that she had not stopped for fuel on her way home from work last night. Looking up, she saw the small convenience center that had been put in earlier that year. She had heard great things about the home made pastries, chocolates, and house roasted coffees that were sold inside, and as she had yet to eat, decided she would take a look-see. After pumping the gas, she went inside to pay and was greeted with the most mouth-watering aromas she had smelled since her childhood—back when her Aunt Sue was still alive and would bake for her. Thinking of Aunt Sue made her heart sad for a moment, and loneliness wrapped itself around her like a shroud. Aunt Sue and Uncle Charlie were the closest thing she knew to stability growing up. She never had grandparents, as they passed on in her infancy, and she never knew who her father was. It was dubious whether or not Renée even knew. Her flighty mother was an eternal sixteen year old, who never held a job or relationship for long before flitting on to the next. Bella grew up moving from apartment to apartment, school to school, and town to town. The closest thing Renée gave her daughter to having roots was her summers with Sue and Charlie. By the time Bella was in eighth grade she had talked her mother into homeschooling, and she took charge of her own education. After enrolling in an online program, she flew through her studies, gaining a high school diploma by the time she was fifteen. Renée and Sue had both fallen ill during Bella's freshman year at University of Arizona. Renée passed away the following summer, while Sue hung on until she got her undergraduate degree, passing only days after returning home from the graduation ceremony. Bella and Charlie were there, holding her hand as she slipped away from them. She spent the following ten years in medical school and a program at Stanford to get her Board Certification in Cardiothoracic Surgery, and then another year in a fellowship program back at the University of Arizona. Bella lost Charlie six months after moving here to an aneurism. She had moved back not only to get away from the heat of Arizona, but to find a sense of home, and Uncle Charlie had always provided that. At least he had been there for her graduation from Medical school, and had celebrated with her when she finally reached her goal to become a Cardiothoracic Surgeon. Now she worked at Mercy Medical Center in Muskegon, and was gaining respect from her peers and the medical community in general. Charlie left her his house as he and Sue never had children of their own. They poured all of their love and affection into Bella's life, and she was ever grateful for all they had given her. It was just difficult looking at her life sometimes, realizing she was now thirty-five years old, and all alone. She had no family. She had no boyfriend. She didn't even have a pet, because she didn't think it was fair to leave an animal alone for fourteen hours a day, four days a week. She shook herself free of her lonesome thoughts, and looked around. The small store was homey feeling, and clean. As she approached the glass enclosure to look at the treats on display, her stomach grumbled. She heard a soft, deep chuckle from behind the counter at the coffee machine. As Bella turned to ascertain to whom the laugh belonged, she was rooted in place by sea-green eyes. Utterly mesmerized, she didn't even hear the words being spoken to her until that same chuckle reverberated through her ears once again. "Are you okay," said a soft baritone voice "is there something I can get for you?" Bella blinked, and cleared her throat as she tried to pull herself together, and stop gaping. Those eyes, Gah! "Oh, yes. Yes, I'm fine." Bella blushed. "I-I was just looking at your display case, trying to figure out what I want to treat myself to." "From the sounds of it, you haven't eaten yet," said the man with the gentle timbre and the beautiful green eyes. "How 'bout you let me fix you something substantial, and a cup of coffee before you dive into the sugar?" There was a twinkle in those verdant orbs. Bella looked down to her purse clasped in both hands, shaking her head to clear her thoughts as her blush began to spread from her cheeks to her ears and down her neck. She looked back up to take in the whole of the man behind the counter, reminding herself to show no expression at her perusal. She failed. Her lips parted and a small gasp escaped her as she beheld a wild crop of hair the color of a well used penny, high cheek bones, sharp-angular jaw, and a beautifully anfractuous smile. He was quite tall—she estimated six foot two or three—with an athletic build. He was very handsome, and had a piercing gaze. She sucked in a deep breath, hoping that an influx of oxygen might help clear her head so that she could speak coherently. "If I say yes, will I regret it?" Her face morphed into an impish smirk with one eyebrow raised. "I'd like to think not." That crooked grin just grew as he drank in the view of her. He swept his eyes over her curvaceous figure, and fought to keep his thoughts in line. The last thing he wanted to do was to have to adjust himself in front of this stunningly beautiful stranger who had just breezed her way into his little store. He'd never seen her before, and hoped that she was not just a tourist. It was, after all the end of May, and beginning this weekend— Memorial Day weekend— the tourists would be out in force. He just hoped he would see this vision of loveliness again. In fact, he hoped he could keep her around for a while today. "Why don't you go move your car from the pumps to a parking spot, then come back and relax at a table while I get you squared away?" "I didn't place an order yet." Bella reminded him. "Are you a vegetarian?" He ginned as Bella's face twisted into a grimace. "What?" "Are you a vegetarian?" He laughed. "It's a straight forward question." "Um, no." She began to wonder if staying for breakfast was truly a wise idea. "Are you lactose intolerant?" "What is this, twenty questions?" Bella rolled her eyes playfully. "No, but that's a great game to play over brunch. Are. You. Lactose. Intolerant? I promise this is not a trick question." "No, I'm not a vegan, or intolerant." She blew out an amused breath. "I'm moving my vehicle now." "Okay, see you in a second." Bella looked at her reflection against the paint job of her Durango, and grimaced, wondering why the handsome man inside wanted to cook for her . At five foot three, and one hundred and seventy-five pounds, she was certainly nothing spectacular to look at in her opinion . She supposed that she had nice eyes, and a pretty enough face but she was no great catch. She reminded herself to just accept the friendly gestures. Friendship was all she could expect in her own mind. She never would have pictured a man such as that looking at her with desire in his eyes. She shrugged to herself, just knowing that she had misread his lingering gaze. After the door closed behind her, Edward watched the beautiful woman walk to her large black SUV. As she approached it, she seemed to slow momentarily, and he saw her shoulders slump slightly. He was determined to brighten her day as she just had his. There was something about her that was refreshing. She was gorgeous, and had a sense of humor. That was plain, but there was something more that drew him. He hoped that he would be able to get to know her a bit over the quiche he already had baking. He had started it earlier because his sister-in-law, Alice was coming in to help today. Business had picked up lately in the afternoons, and he often needed assistance. Alice offered to help if he would let her supply baked goods to sell. He planned to sell confections from the start, but the pastries were a new addition and were just as well received as his hand made chocolates, and fresh roasted nuts. He had gone to culinary school to learn the art of chocolate making. To support himself, he had worked at a coffee house, and had become their lead roast master. He made his own blend that he marketed here, and it was extremely popular. He hoped he could get the stunning lady on her way back into the store hooked on his brew; he really wanted to get to see her again beyond that day. After graduating culinary school, Edward moved to Chicago, working among some of the best chocolatiers in the world. His confections had been a hit, and it was not long before some big names in chocolates were knocking on his proverbial door. Once upon a time, his dream job had been to be one of the top chocolate designers for a major company. By the time his dream job called, he had grown tired of being such a long distance from his hometown, and his family. He also had begun to dislike the person he was slowly becoming. His parents were on the other side of seventy at that point and he was—at thirty—no spring chicken. He was lonely for the quieter life he had grown up in, and for the companionship of his loved ones. There had never been a shortage of offers to him for companionship of the female persuasion. During college, and his whirlwind career in Chicago, Edward had become somewhat of a playboy, and found a new plaything to entertain him frequently. He had come to regret the lifestyle after waking up in a strange bed with two young women whose names he did not know, and whose legal age he questioned in the light of day-with a sober mind. That had been his turning point. He knew that was not the life he wanted to lead, or the person he wanted to become. That same day, he received the call. A representative from Godiva™ Chocolates