A/N: Here is my newest story. I love this one! I finally got past my road block and I'm close to finishing. I expect it will be about 10 chapters or so. Enjoy! Summary: Harry has his memories blocked from him on a raid. Three years later we find ourselves on a dragon reserve where Harry is a dragon keeper. Draco is sent by someone in the ministry to bring a missing person back from the dragon reserve. The entire Wizarding world thinks Harry is dead. Only three people know that he's not. Who is Draco searching for and will he get more than he ever thought he would? Disclaimer: These characters are not mine nor do they belong to me. I'm just using them for fun :). A Dragon Keepers Memory Harry was crouching outside the house that they were supposed to perform the raid on. He was alone, as his partner, Auror O'Malley, had gone around the back of the house. They were to wait for back-up and not move a muscle until their back-up arrived. Harry was itching to get inside the house and prevent those who were inside from escaping. They had already cast an anti-apparition net around the house and cast spells to block the floo. He hoped it would work. The people inside were a few rogue sympathizers of Voldemort. They were mostly low level and had never been complete Death Eaters, but they still sided with him during the war and were trying to stir up some sort of trouble similar to what Voldemort had done when he was alive. Harry wanted to squash any plans of that and was pleased to be sent on this mission. His desire for the Ministry to fix itself was proving to be difficult. They were set in their ways and struggled to listen to the younger generations. It was slow moving, but Harry felt it was going somewhat in the right direction. Kingsley was trying very hard to make some changes, but was meeting some resistance. Harry was mostly patient so he could wait for a bit, but he knew it wouldn't be long before he would lose his patience. He heard a few muffled pops and turned to his right to see their back-up coming in. They gave them the signal and they proceeded to move in on the house. It was a coordinated attack and required everyone to follow their plan. It was going swimmingly and they had even managed to catch the sympathizers off guard. Of course, Harry instinctually knew that it was going too easily and it was soon proven to him when things started to not go according to plan. That brought him to hiding behind some furniture, throwing spells out at the criminals, trying to get them to be incapacitated enough for them to get them rounded up and into holding cells. His shield was wavering as he tried to think of different ways to get to them, but they were proving to be more skilled than anticipated. He saw his fellow aurors, struggling under the volley of spells being sent at them. It didn't seem right to him. Something was off. It was never this hard. That brought Harry turning to look at movement to his left and his eyes widened as he saw someone there. He couldn't focus on them for some reason and the last thing he heard was " Obstructionum memoriae! " and a jet of dark red light flying towards him was the last thing he saw. XXXX Three years later Harry stood on an observation deck, looking over the landscape. The mountains surrounded him and the valleys were beautiful and green. He lived in a small town of dragon keepers. He turned and walked across the deck to look on the other side which overlooked the area where most of the dragons were. He sighed and breathed in the fresh air. He felt at peace here and nearly forgot about the missing piece of his life that he constantly felt. Footsteps sounded next to him and he turned to see a red-haired man standing there. "Hey, Charlie," he stated with a smile. Every time he looked at the man, something inside him hurt. He reminded him of someone that he could never put a face to, but somehow, in the three years that he'd been there, the man had been of great comfort to him. "Harry. How are you doing this morning? Up early, I see," he replied. Harry nodded. He had been having horrible nightmares. None of it made any sense, but they were horrible none the less. "Yes, well, my nightmares have been keeping sleeping at bay. Gertrude is about to lay her eggs," he commented, moving away from anything personal about himself. Even though he felt comforted by Charlie, he was still guarded like he was keeping a part of him separate from him. He figured it related to the missing piece in his life, but he wasn't sure. Plus, Charlie had told him nearly three years ago that he had had an accident and lost some of his memories. That was probably the explanation to the missing piece. He wished he knew how to get it back. Charlie scanned the cliffs and nodded. "That's excellent. She's been sticking close to home lately. What sorts of nightmares are you having?" he asked, going back to the topic that Harry didn't want to discuss. He shrugged. "I'm not sure. It's all just images of things and people I don't know. Lots of green light, some dark red," he replied. Charlie nodded. He knew that Harry didn't want to talk about it so he looked back over at the Dragons and they stayed there for a bit in silence. "Shall we head out for more training?" he suggested. Harry grinned and nodded. XXXX Ron sat down at the table where Hermione was looking over their post. She sighed and had tears in her eyes as she read a letter. "What's wrong?" he asked. "Oh, just another letter from Charlie. Harry is having nightmares and he can tell that something is bothering him, but of course, Harry won't talk about it," she replied as she handed the letter to him. He frowned as he read it and shook his head. He set the letter down and looked out the window. "If only we could figure out how to get him back here," he said quietly. Hermione reached across and squeezed his hand. "You know he can't. Someone blocked his memories on purpose and left him in that house to die. They think he died because we thought it would be safer for him. If only we could just figure out what's going on with the Ministry, who is fighting the changes. We might be able to get Harry back," she replied. He nodded, knowing that her answer would be exactly that. "It's really hard when I don't work there and you don't work in the right department." "Well, I'll start reaching out to other departments and see what I can garner. I saw Malfoy there the other day. I bet this is something he'd be involved in," she commented. Ron lifted his brow. "Do you really think he'd be involved? I know that's weird coming from me, but…." he trailed off. She shook her head. "No, I don't, but he might know something," she suggested. He nodded. "It's possible. See if he's there tomorrow and maybe you can talk with him," he suggested. She nodded and returned to going through their post. XXXX Draco sat down in the dining area of the Manor and looked over the Daily Prophet. He scoured the articles to see if there were any cases that he might be able to consult on. He mostly did missing persons and lost artifacts and had yet to be tapped by the Ministry for any assistance. He glanced back at the front of the page and noted the date. He closed his eyes and rubbed his face, sadness slipping into him. It had been three years since Harry Potter had died in a training exercise. When Draco first heard about it, he was numb with surprise. Of all the things that could take out Harry Potter, a training exercise, for his job, was the one to do it. Not the Dark Lord. Not a dragon. Not a poison. Not another Death Eater. A training exercise took him out. After the numbness wore off, grief surprisingly set in. It didn't make any sense to him as to why he would grieve for Harry Potter. They most definitely were not friends and had never gotten along. They were on opposite sides of the war until nearly the very end. Maybe he grieved because his life debt could never be repaid now nor could his mother's. Maybe he grieved for the possibility that they could have had at being friends or at least cordial to one another. Maybe he grieved because Harry would never get to see how much he had changed. He wasn't sure why he grieved, but he did. After that, acceptance settled in. He got lost in his work and accepted that Harry was gone. He couldn't change it. His childhood nemesis was gone. He had to move on. Of course, over the three years, he always felt like something was missing, but he never thought to attribute it to Harry being gone. He heard a tapping noise behind him and he turned to see an owl with a letter. He stood and opened the window. The owl flew in and settled on the back of a chair. Draco reached over and took the letter. He frowned as he didn't recognize the seal. He set it down on the table and cast several charms on it to see if it had any spells on it. It was clean so he opened it up. Mister Malfoy, The Ministry is requesting your services for a missing person case. We would appreciate your prompt response to see if you are interested in helping us. Please send a response with this owl. Sincerely, Theodore Edgecombe Draco frowned for a moment. That last name seemed familiar to him, but he was unsure why. He was also surprised that there was not a title under the name like there usually was from a Ministry official. Maybe they were doing this under the radar. Maybe the missing person was someone they didn't want to make known they were missing. It seemed that Draco had finally caught his break and the Ministry finally needed his services. He scribbled a reply and sent it off with the owl. XXXX Hermione walked down to the port key office four days later to organize port keys for some of the people in her department. They were going off to a distant country to check on the welfare of some magical creatures. She had yet to see Draco at the Ministry again and was becoming discouraged. She hesitated to actually reach out to him by other means, so she really hoped that she'd find him at the Ministry. "Good afternoon, Miss Granger. Port key travel requests?" the receptionist asked as she took Hermione's documents. "Yes," she replied with a smile. "I will get these taken care of. Should be about fifteen minutes," the receptionist stated. Hermione nodded and turned to sit in the waiting area. She picked up a magazine on magical theory and started thumbing through it. She looked up when she heard someone else coming in. Her eyes widened as she saw Draco stepping up to the receptionist desk. He had been looking down at his paperwork and had yet to notice her. The receptionist was back and looking up at Draco. "How can I help you today?" she asked in a polite tone. Not as friendly as the tone she used with Hermione, but polite enough. "Hello, I need to make