A/N: So this story planted itself in my head a month ago. I wrote the first two parts and was just going to leave it as is, but then I thought that I wanted to write what happened before and what happened after. So the first two parts will be the middle. The last two parts will be the beginning and the end. Hopefully it's not too confusing, but it makes sense to me. Summary: Harry is an auror and Draco is the auror department's brilliant lab tech. Harry is constantly getting injured on the job and Draco coincidentally makes new protection gear after each of his injuries. Harry can't see what's right in front of him and Draco is in denial. And Ron knows. One year later "Harry, did you seriously get injured on that raid today?" Ron asked his partner in disbelief. Harry rubbed his arm, trying to get the pain to go away. "Not quite," he grimaced. Ron rolled his eyes. "Were you wearing your protective equipment?" he asked, already knowing the answer. Harry had the grace to look sheepish and gave a slight shrug, wincing when the pain moved through his arm, down to the tips of his fingers and back up again. Yeah, he may have been injured. "In my defense, it sounded like they needed our assistance sooner rather than later," Harry replied. "He's going to strangle you," Ron muttered. Harry scoffed, but cringed inwardly. Yeah, he probably would. "Nah, I'm sure he'll be fine," he assured him. Ron gave him a drawl look. "Seriously, every time you get a new injury, he goes about making something that you can use, we can all use, so that the injury is much less likely to happen again. He is not going to like the fact that you didn't wear the equipment again ," Ron reminded him. Harry frowned. "Well, maybe he won't find out…" he trailed off as a memo fluttered in and made a beeline for Harry. He recognized the color of the parchment immediately and he glanced over at Ron who was giving him an 'I told you so' look. Harry sighed. "How did he find out so quickly?" he demanded as he opened the note. Come to the lab. Harry huffed and tossed the parchment onto his desk and sat up, wincing once again as his arm moved as he leaned forward onto his desk. He picked up his quill, but dropped it immediately as the parchment started hitting him in the face. He growled as Ron laughed. He shoved away from his desk with his good arm and stalked out of the office. He wanted to take his sweet time getting to the lab, but the paper wouldn't stop hitting him in the face. Harry yelled at the offending object and batted at it with his good arm, but it wouldn't let up until he arrived at the lab, lots of people looking at him in concern as he passed. He shoved the door open and it slammed against the wall. The person leaning over the table jumped only slightly, but didn't turn to look at him. The paper balled itself up and dropped to the ground. Harry growled at it again. "Did you get my memo?" the person asked nonchalantly as they turned around to look at him. Harry narrowed his gaze at the person. "No, I did not get your stupid memo," he muttered sarcastically. The man frowned and glanced down at the crumpled up ball of parchment. He walked over, picked it up, and opened it. He smirked as he handed it to Harry. "Here you are," he said, handing the paper to Harry, aiming for his injured arm. Harry cringed inwardly as he reached out with that hand. He almost got away with not showing that he was in pain, but he winced and the person narrowed his gaze at him. "Potter, I swear…." he trailed off and moved away from him. "What? It seemed to be more important that I get there than put my gear on," Harry replied petulantly. "Why do I even waste my time developing the equipment to keep you…all of you aurors safe if you don't wear them?" he demanded. Harry sighed and stepped up next to the table where the person was leaning again. He had heard his slip of tongue, but chose to ignore it. He didn't want Ron to be right about this. "Malfoy, listen, your equipment is much appreciated; I just forgot to put it on today, okay?" Harry offered, trying to soothe his annoyance with him. Draco sighed. "Fine. Let me take a look," he offered, shrugging off Harry's sort of apology. Harry frowned, but turned so that Draco could look at his injured arm. Draco wouldn't meet his eyes, but he glanced up and gave Harry an expectant look. Harry frowned again, not understanding. "Merlin, Potter, did your brain get damaged today too? Take off your robes. I can't look at your arm if it's covered by several layers of clothes," he pointed out, annoyed again. Harry blushed slightly and then attempted to get out of his robes, but his arm was not cooperating. He growled in frustration. Draco looked worried which caused Harry to get more frustrated. Draco took pity on him and batted Harry's hand away. Harry sighed and hung his head in resignation. Draco carefully removed the robes from Harry's body and was thankful to see that he was wearing a t-shirt underneath instead of something he'd have to take off. It would end up being super awkward otherwise. Draco pushed Harry's shirt sleeve up and examined his arm. A deep purple bruise was already forming on his upper arm. Draco cringed at the sight of it. He followed the bruise up and saw that it went all the way up to his shoulder and onto his upper back. He sighed and stepped back, finally looking at Harry in the eyes, glare intense. He crossed his arms. "You know, I feel like I've made something that would have protected your arm and shoulder from that injury right there. Am I mistaken?" he pondered snidely. Harry rolled his eyes. "I already told you that I forgot to put the gear on. Geez, Malfoy, why do you care so much about what happens to me anyway? I swear, every time I get injured, you lecture me or create some new thing for me to use or wear to keep me safe. Why do you care so much?" he demanded. Draco lifted his eyebrows and looked away, a blush creeping over his skin. Harry watched it spread in confusion. "It's my job to make sure that you and all the other aurors are protected. That's why I care so much. It's job security," he replied rudely. He turned and walked into his private office, effectively ending their conversation. Harry growled in annoyance and stormed out of the lab. He stomped all the way back to his office and stormed in, throwing himself into his seat, wincing as pain shot through his arm once again. "Remind me again why Draco Malfoy works for the auror department?" Harry demanded angrily. Ron sighed. He had his answer memorized by now as this happened practically every time Harry came back from visiting the lab. "Because he's the best in the business and we need him," Ron replied. The first few times he had said that he nearly choked on associating needing and Draco in the same sentence, but his inventions were brilliant and protected the aurors, if they used what he made like they were supposed to, better than they had ever been protected. Harry snorted. He sighed and winced again. "I'm going to St. Mungo's to get this checked out. I'll see you tomorrow," Harry said as he stood up and left their office. Ron sighed. A few minutes later, there was a knock on the door. Ron looked up and saw Draco peeking in, looking straight at Harry's desk to see if he was there. He sighed audibly and looked somewhat relieved, but also disappointed. "He went to St. Mungo's," Ron supplied as he sat back in his seat. Draco nodded and walked in, holding Harry's auror robes. Ron lifted one eyebrow in question. Draco blushed in response. "He left this in my lab," he said as he tossed them over onto Harry's desk. He frowned as parchment blew off his desk. He frowned at it, debating if he should clean it up or not. He sighed and bent down, picking up the parchments. He picked up Harry's robe and folded it nicely and set it on the middle of his desk. He turned around and looked at Ron who was watching him with a smirk firmly in place. "Don't start, Weasley," Draco warned. Ron laughed. "I didn't say a word," he replied as he looked back down at his parchment, attempting to write down the report for the day. Draco sighed, interrupting his concentration. Ron looked up expectantly. Draco was worrying his lip. "What happened this time?" he asked. Ron put his quill down. "We were at lunch when we were called to head over to a raid. We didn't even come back to the office and get our stuff so Harry didn't have his gear on. He was trying to get a door open, but it wouldn't respond to magic so he slammed into it with the arm he got injured and it was like the door punched him or something because the next thing I know, he's flying backwards and clutching at his arm and shoulder. I know that if he had been wearing the padding you created for him-" Ron paused as Draco looked at him sharply. Ron smirked and continued. "Sorry, I mean for us , that he would have been just fine. I'm not sure if you know this or not, but Harry is more of an act first, ask questions and worry about consequences later kind of guy," Ron finished. Draco snorted and rolled his eyes. "Unfortunately, I know that very well. Thanks for letting me know," he replied as he started to leave. Ron stood. "Wait!" he called out. Draco stopped and looked at him. "He's never going to know how you feel unless you tell him," he pointed out. Draco's eyes widened and he spluttered, shaking his head and blushing deeply. "I don't know what you're talking about," he responded hastily. Ron put his hands up in a placating gesture, but didn't wipe the knowing look off his face. Draco growled in annoyance, sounding very much like Harry had earlier, and left the office. XXXX Harry sat in the waiting room of St. Mungo's. He was there so often he wondered why they didn't have a personalized chair for him that was more comfortable than the regular plastic chairs. He smiled at his inward joke, but then frowned as Draco came to mind. Ron was always teasing him that Draco had a thing for him, but it just didn't make sense to him. Draco hated him, always had, always would. It was a miracle that they didn't hex each other every day that they had to work together which wasn't too often since he worked in the lab and was not out in the field with Harry. Of course, Harry was starting to notice the things that Ron pointed out, but he just couldn't believe they were true so he ignored him. On the other hand, Draco was different since Hogwarts so maybe he wouldn't be so bad to get to know better. Harry's frown deepened as he contemplated that idea. He sighed loudly. Maybe he should just ask Draco how he felt about him. Of course, any time that he had made comments in that regard, Draco got defensive. Was that a sign that what he asked and what Ron insisted about Draco was true? "Harry, again?" a