Affectionately dedicated to bigbigbigday006 for providing the inspiration for Dutch!Peeta, with a nod to sweet Trisbriel , who cracked the teaser I'd posted on my Tumblr regarding this fic. :) The Threshing Floor: A Rural Painting of the Dutch School In the sunbaked sea of whitened wheat and working men and women, dressed neck to ankles in their lightest, palest cottons, one figure stands out. The girl in the red dress. The dress is plain, made of cheap printed cotton and too tight across her small breasts, as though cut for a child, but it becomes her somehow. The sleeves are rolled up to her elbows, baring strong, dusky forearms. She wears a broad-brimmed straw hat, much-patched, to shield her face from the harshest rays of sun, but it does nothing to conceal her long black braid. Thick as rope, it hangs nearly to her waist and dangles over her shoulder as she bends to gather the stalks. He wonders how long her hair is when unbound. Now and again she takes small sips from the water flask at her waist. She carries a foraging bag, slung across her chest, and a little knife that she uses – with great efficiency – to cut the wheat heads free of their stalks. Still, even callused hands are scratched by the sharp awns. His workers are disappointingly efficient. Sometimes she walks ten steps or more without finding a single stalk, yet still she continues, bending diligently, sweeping her small hands carefully over the stubble. Gleaning is thankless, back-breaking work, even for someone as young and strong as she. He thinks of how her back will pain her tomorrow. How little grain her efforts will yield, even should she fill her bag. "Who is that young woman, Abernathy?" he asks his overseer, a gruff bearded Scotsman with a proclivity for strong drink. "Daughter of old Heavensbee's gamekeeper, master," the overseer answers. "Squire let the wife and daughters stay on out of affection for the late Everdeen, but once Heavensbee himself passed on, his ne'er-do-well nephew Crane sent 'em packing. Beggin' your pardon, master," he adds at the slight against his betters. He remembers this now. Wessex farms are cesspools of local gossip, particularly at harvest-time; he's heard this story but never seen the faces it concerned. Everdeen, the gamekeeper, dead these – three years, was it? His mother had been a Spanish beauty, they said, and her blood ran strong in his slim, black-haired daughter. He wonders why Crane chose to evict the family now. It surely cost little enough to maintain their tiny cottage, tucked away as in Heavensbee's wildwood as it was. As one rumor had it, Crane wanted one of the daughters, and his wife – Miller Mason's sharp-tongued daughter – had done the evicting herself to prevent it. "A mite scrawny for my taste, but I bet she's got some treasures hid under that frock," chuckles Thom, one of the young men in the group behind him. "I might try my hand there, come suppertime." The young master turns and cuffs the speaker across the face; just hard enough to sting, not to bruise. He's known for his gentleness and generosity but can be unflinchingly harsh when true discipline is required. "No one is to touch her," he addresses the group of youths sharply. "To bother her in any way, man or woman. If I hear of it – and I will – you will be dismissed with neither reference nor pay, is that clear?" A subdued chorus of "Yes, master," answers him. It's an unusually strong order from the young master, but they've learned to trust his judgment – well above their own, even – these past three years in his service. He's the master's favorite son, and as strong and just and kind as his father had been in his days in the fields. "Tell the others as well," the young master warns. "Should they disturb the young lady in any way, their ignorance will not save them." His men are good in truth but lusty, and they forget themselves in the mead-soaked heat of harvest-time. He knows each of them as well as family; none would take a girl by force, but he would not see her molested in any way by their callow attempts at flirtation. He turns back to his overseer as the men return to their tasks. "Where do they live now?" he asks. "Above the stable at the parsonage," the Scotsman replies. "No room in the house, but Aurelius wouldn't leave 'em without shelter. He can ill afford to feed 'em in addition to his own, though, and they won't take charity." "She asked for work at the house," volunteers Bristel, a mousy girl of seventeen with untidy brown hair tucked into a headscarf. "Cook sent her down here. She's little but strong, that one. I haven't seen her rest for a moment since she arrived, and that was near daybreak." "Bid her sit with you at luncheon-time," the young master instructs her. "I'll arrange for her refreshment." Refreshment… Her water flask is small, and the blistering sun is directly overhead. She must be desperately thirsty. He goes to the girl with his waterskin. "More water, miss?" he offers. She straightens, lifting the brim of her hat just enough to reveal skin the color of strong milky tea and eyes like smoke, a small straight nose, and a firm, scowling mouth. Spanish blood, indeed. He has never before been so stirred by the first glimpse of a face. "Thank you," she says carefully, uncapping and holding out her flask. It occurs to him, as the lip of his waterskin touches the neck of her flask, that it's as though their mouths are touching. He blushes. "Take luncheon when the others do," he tells her. "The gleanings will wait a quarter-hour for you." He returns to his place in the field, hefting the scythe with ease, and wonders why he's trembling. She sits alone near a stook at the fringe of the field, picking at the handful of seeds and berries that she foraged on the hour-long walk to the farm this morning. She's lived on less – even boiled leather for broth on one lean winter day – but never when working so hard, nor in such heat. "I've brought you food," says a voice above her. She peers up, tilting the brim of her hat to see better. The noonday sun is at his back, obscuring his features and framing his large form with fierce white light. He crouches before her and she finds herself staring at the young man who might be made of gold. The same one who brought her water a short while ago – the young master , they call him. He's bare-headed and clearly goes about so; his sweaty mop of fair hair is as thick and sun-bleached as his ripe wheat fields. His pale brows and lashes betray him; beneath his ruddy harvest tan, his skin must be very fair. She imagines in winter he's white as milk; his thick hair a tumble of warm golden curls. His big hands are full of food. One proffers a steaming bowl of roasted grain, splashed with milk and honey; the other a chunk of good bread and a soft sheep's cheese. She looks from one to the other with confusion and no little surprise. "Gleaning is relentless, back-breaking work," he says kindly. His eyes are as clear and vibrantly blue as the hot sky above them. "You need to keep up your strength." She scowls at this to cover her shame. With so many in the field, she hadn't thought he'd care about – nor indeed, notice – one small dark girl picking up the scattered stalks left behind when the sheaves were bundled. "I did not expect to be fed," she assures him, but the smell of the roasted grain makes her shrunken stomach growl. "You work alongside my men and women, and you should be fed alongside them," he says simply. "Please." She takes the bowl in both of her small, callused hands and eats a spoonful of its contents. The savory, nutty grain, smoothed to a porridge with the milk and sweet clover honey, makes her want to weep. It's simple, sustaining fare, perfect for filling a worker's stomach at harvest-time. She continues to eat, and he shifts from his crouch to sit beside her. He's big and warm and close; she can smell the sweat of a hot morning's labor on him, but it's not an unappealing odor. He stretches out his long, strong legs, and she notes with surprise that they end not in boots but strange, boat-shaped shoes. Wooden shoes, she realizes, their peaked toes painted with tiny images of wheat heads and apples and sheep. "You do not join the women in eating," he says after a long silence. "They did not make you welcome?" She shakes her head. "I do not belong with them." He frowns but makes no reply. When she's finished the grain, he hands her the bread and cheese. She eyes him, frowning, but takes and eats it, far more eagerly than she intends to. The bread is hearty and full of seeds; the cheese creamy and mild, almost sweet. After a little he silently lifts his waterskin – something glints in the movement; a tiny band of gold on the smallest finger of his right hand – and she uncaps her flask for him to refill it again. She thinks of his lips and hers touching the same water, of the strange near-kiss of the lip of his waterskin against the mouth of her flask. She blushes and fills her mouth with the crusty heel of the bread. The food is gone and still he does not leave her, nor does he speak. She turns to contemplate his profile from beneath the safety of her hat brim: his strong jaw; thin, firm lips; nose with the hint of a childhood break over the bridge. His eyelashes are girlishly long and pale as the wheat stubble around them. "Do not go to another's field," he tells her quietly, turning to look her full in the face. "You are under my protection here." She realizes then how foolish – and how fortunate – she has been. Clearly, other masters – men like Crane – would not care if their field men molested a strange girl during harvest. They might even lay hands on her themselves. But this golden young man… She had felt his eyes on her when he came to this part of the field, had seen him strike his worker and give an order, though the words were indistinct at her distance. She realizes now that he was telling his men to leave her alone – and enforcing the order with the strength of his arm. "Why are you so kind to me?" she whispers. "Because you do the work no one else would do to feed your family," he tells her, his voice low and intense. "You take what is forgotten – discarded, left behind –" he gestures at her foraging bag, at the handful of berries and seeds pooled in her lap "–and make a feast of it. You are strong and selfless. A-And beautiful," he adds in a rush, but still the stammer is evident. She scoffs lightly. This field alone is full of veritable wild roses of womanhood: flush-faced Wessex beauties with masses of bright curls and full, pert breasts straining at their summer-loosened bodices. Her, beautiful? The child of a half-Spanish gamekeeper, dark as a rook and thin as a willow twig? "Thank you for the food, master," she says in reply. "Peeta," he corrects her, smiling. "My friends call me Peeta." A strange name. "And am I your friend?" she wonders. His smile broadens, and it's as though the sun has shifted from the sky and now beams at