Sooo, PeetasAndHerondales challenged me with this drabble prompt. The resulting "drabble" was the first piece of writing I did after my surgery, not my greatest work, far too long, and heavily borrowed from When the Moon canon (there are things in here that I created for Chapter 12 and I really need you guys to forget about so you don't think they originated in a silly Modern AU!). But I was truly flattered to be asked and I owe this lady something fierce, so this one's entirely for you, Cathy (for reasons I think you'll guess). Wedded Bliss It was a small wedding, just as we'd wanted: full of ribbons and braids and songs, and room to spare at the back of the tiny country church. Then again, when you're marrying your in-laws, it tends to pare down the guest list considerably. Peeta stills the engine and grins so widely that I can hear it in his breath. "Shall we, wife?" he asks, turning to me and beaming like the newly risen sun, and I lean across the console to press a kiss to the tip of his nose. We may be securely ensconced in our twenties and married for thirty glorious minutes already, but there's still a shy, almost childlike aspect to our relationship – probably because it began in childhood, with a folk song and two braids and a kiss on the cheek over a pail of maple-iced cookies – that I hope never goes away. To be sure, there will be plenty of blushes and shyness and nervous laughter tonight, when we see each other naked for the first time and try to figure out how everything fits together. "Enough with the canoodling," teases my sister from the back seat, playfully thumping my headrest. "You're not the only one with a toasting to get to." I grin back at her and reach for the door handle but my husband is already there, ushering me out into our driveway. Ours, in every sense. Prim doesn't even get a hand to the door before Marko scoops her up in his arms and carries her like a trophy, amidst giggles and shrieks of delight, up their front steps. My brother-in-law is built like a grizzly bear and has the stamina of one to boot, and for the twenty-sixth time today I forbid myself to think about their wedding night. My clever baby sister may be well on her way to becoming the finest nurse practitioner in the Midwest, but she's still not supposed to know about boy-bits, let alone be naked and involved with said bits. "Hurry up, Peet!" Marko bellows jubilantly from the doorstep, hefting Prim to one side as though she weighs no more than a loaf of bread. "We're putting you to shame here." "To be fair," I call back to him sportingly, "you have Prim and about six ounces of vintage satin to cope with. Peeta's got me and two deer." Strictly speaking, Prim was the second Mellark bride by a matter of minutes, but there was never any doubt over whether she would wear Grandma Lydda's wedding dress, or her bridal crown, or her thick gold ring with its wheat-head etchings. Nor was there ever a question about what I would be married in. I'm shorter than Granny Ashpet and surely smaller-breasted than she ever was, but still her bridal doeskins fit like a glove. I've always felt a little fey, even savage, around my burly golden in-laws and never more so than when I stood before the altar in a dress of deerskin with my black hair falling loose to my waist, in anticipation of Peeta's skillful hands to plait and weave with ribbons and wind into coils on either side of my head. None of us wanted posed pictures, but before Pollux left for the reception, he showed us a few of the candid shots he took during the braiding ceremony and even I couldn't hold back the words "Indian princess." Peeta, on the other hand, has been torn between saying everything he can think of in breathless bursts and staring at me in silent, teary disbelief from the moment we were declared man and wife. "The ivory skins of two perfect does," he corrects me softly, pulling me close. "Though I'd happily carry two grown deer, and more besides, to bring you into this house as my bride." I sink against him with a little moan and press my lips to his, not so much a kiss as a need for connection; to be as close as I can to this gentle boy of a man – my bridegroom, my husband – with his honeyed mouth and tender heart, and Peeta meets me with a kiss of his own, snugging his arms around my shoulders as our lips move against each other's in a hushed, unhurried caress. Marko allows us about ten seconds of this before cajoling, "Come on , little brother! Some of us want to eat tonight!" and Prim punctuates it with an emphatic " Amen! " I can't really blame her. When you've married into the oldest bakery in the tri-state region and the finest butcher shop to boot, your wedding fare is well worth the rush to the reception. Though of course, none of us are truly rushing, not this part, and wouldn't dream of doing so. Peeta obligingly scoops me up but it's a slow, almost leisurely motion, accented at every juncture by soft little kisses to my lips and cheeks and chin, and I curl my arms about his neck to keep him close. "Right, that's it," Marko declares, but his voice is brimming with good humor. "Primrose, let's to the fireplace and get this over with. At the rate these two are going, we can make out for twenty solid minutes and still beat them back to the car." "I like this plan," my sister replies wickedly, and I glance away from Peeta for a half-second to see her small face disappear behind Marko's bearded cheek and cap of curls as he shoulders open their front door, kissing her all the while. "They're not supposed to do that," I remind my husband sternly, and he laughs. "They are married, sweetheart," he reminds me in turn, kissing the tip of my nose. "And for that matter: so are we." "Oh, right," I reply with a foolish grin. "I suppose we'd better go in and finish the ceremony, then?" Approximately twelve kisses later we finally make it to our own front door, a whopping two-stall garage's width from Prim and Marko's. "Are you sorry we bought a duplex yet?" Peeta asks, balancing me against him as he jiggles the key in the lock. "Ask me in the morning," I tease, but without spite. My husband already shares a bakery with his father and brothers; sharing a mortgage, utilities, and snow removal duties with supremely reliable Marko was a natural progression. That they married sisters was merely an added bonus. "On the bright side, we've got the garage in-between," he points out with a grin. "It's not six feet of solid concrete or anything, but at least we're not sharing bedroom walls." The door opens like a sigh and, with a silly mouth-trumpet fanfare, Peeta carries me into our home. I've been here a hundred times before; just yesterday, in fact, but today everything is deeper, richer; almost magical, somehow. Today I am Peeta's wife, and everything in this house belongs to me. The suede sofa with its cinnamon-colored upholstery and the glossy hardwood underfoot, the fireplace with its neat heap of pine for burning, the snug double bed with its brown patchwork quilt that perpetually smells of woodsmoke and yeast and roast chicken – and this sweet, perfect boy, all blond curls and strong arms and pure adoration. "I love you, by the way," I whisper, my voice breaking, and at once Peeta turns to me, pressing his face against mine in a primal sort of embrace that we both resort to when we're physically aching with love and don't have the words to properly convey it. "I love you too," he moans. " Love you, Katniss, so very much. Always loved you." He sets me on my feet in front of the fireplace but we don't move apart; don't even consider it for a moment. My arms encircle his waist as his own curl across my back and we press together with desperate little whimpers and groans, straining not at the confines of our clothes but our own flesh. I'd shed skin and bone in a heartbeat if it were possible; if my soul could shuck its body like a cloak and merge with his, and I know Peeta would do the same. We've discussed it on a dozen occasions, sometimes in tears, as we twine together on the sofa or his bed and strain so hard to be closer than physical bodies will allow. "For…for what it's worth," he murmurs against my ear, "I'm told that…that making love, " he says in a rush, and I feel the skin of his face heat against mine, "comes pretty close to…to what we we're trying to do." I try to sigh in response but it comes out hitched and ragged with longing. "Better do that soon, then," I tell him, and rub my belly against his groin, arching a fraction to feel his firmness at the juncture of my thighs and making him give a sharp little cry. Save for a recent night or two when hungry kisses at my throat led to bare breasts beneath an eager mouth and my hands fisting in Peeta's curls, our years-long courtship has been downright prudish, and yet there's something purer still about our intimacy at this moment. A breathless sense of sacredness that swells at the anticipation of our wedding night. Of warm bare skin from head to foot; of two bodies aligning and interlocking like halves of an oyster. Of opening myself wholly to my husband and taking him deep inside me, body and soul… Peeta gives a muffled groan and draws back a little, his cheeks ruddy, and I know that as much as I enjoy the rising bulge in his trousers – the promise of completion that resonates ever deeper as I press up against him – this is not quite the time. "Bread," I pant in perfect understanding. "I'll build the fire." Peeta's house – our house, now – always smells of fresh bread and mulled cider, but I expect something special for this meal and he doesn't disappoint. By the time the bark and twigs we collected yesterday have caught fire, he's bending to lay the tray on the ledge in front of me and carefully lower himself to his knees. It's an awkward position with his prosthesis, even uncomfortable, but I know better than to suggest another pose. This is how generations of our relatives have pledged themselves to each other – Grandpa Asa and Granny Ashpet, Grandpa Marko and Grandma Lydda, my father and mother, and four months ago, Peeta's father and my mother – and neither of us, nor Prim and Marko, would have it any other way. Bread and fire, honey and wine … A toasting is, in its way, a sort of folk-sacrament and, some would say, as binding as vows made in church or a courthouse. To be sure, no Mellark or Everdeen would truly feel married without completing the rite, however brief and informal. Peeta reverently breaks the small round loaf and passes me half, and I give a little sob as I recognize its contents. Toasting loaves are traditionally the finest bread the newlyweds can afford, and when the groom is a baker the bread is finer still; more often than not golden-crusted with a soft, weightless core that melts on the tongue. When Peeta's father married my mother, their toasting bread was heady with honey-glazed