Author's Note: I actually started this fic LONG BEFORE When the Moon Fell in Love with the Sun. I had the first chapter and half of the second written, plus copious notes and dialogue for subsequent chapters, when the "East of the Sun" plot bunny hit and obliterated everything else on my radar. Yielding to the (considerable) persuasive powers of DandelionSunset and Trisbriel, I recently dusted off that first chapter and have decided to post it here. It'll be ages before I can return to this fic, so, for now, let's call it a post-MJ oneshot, shall we? ;D Also: The Sound of Music connection started out tongue-in-cheek in early plot treatments and has settled into a series of affectionate and (one hopes!) clever parallels that will become more evident in future chapters. There will be no song-and-dance numbers, but there may, at some point, be children. And a goat. :D In the meantime, this chapter is serious and bittersweet with only the subtlest of TSoM connections. (I haven't been back to canon post-MJ Panem - or Peeta's POV! - since writing this, and I kind of miss it!) DO let me know what you think! Chapter One: My day in the hills has come to an end For the third time in my life – at least, the third that I remember – I linger on the roof of the Tribute Training Center. Today is not a punishment, though I am contained and carefully observed. Today is a treat. Dr. Aurelius arranged this "therapeutic outing" after I demonstrated "consistent, positive response" to memories of this place, and I was provided with paints, charcoal, and a ream of parchment sheets for the occasion. I'm easy enough to watch these days, but the two attending nurses are still equipped with enough hypodermic sedatives to bring down a pack of wild dogs. I sit in the cool of this spring evening, watching the fiery pale gold sun deepen to orange as it dips slowly toward the horizon, gaining a cloud-cloak of rose and lavender with threads of midnight blue, and I know that Katniss spoke the truth. I love orange – sunset orange – every facet of it. I confirm my conviction on a scrap page, blending shades of red and yellow, even a hint of violet, as I recreate not the sunset before my eyes, but the sunset behind them. The most memorable sunset of my eighteen years. When black paint appears on the paper – unbound black hair, swirling amid the vibrance like a shadowy tangle of willow vines – I know something else for certain. On that perfect day and night a year ago – the evening of the sunset that my damaged mind still recalls in every subtle hue – Katniss Everdeen was with me. Katniss Everdeen made it perfect. I love Katniss Everdeen. Snow and Coin fell on the eighteenth of December. Katniss and I have been apart 134 days. One hundred and thirty-four days. In those 134 days I have seen just 72 sunsets. On some of the missing evenings I was sedated, on others imprisoned by an episode – or bed restraints, fearing injury to myself. Some evenings were simply overcast, snowy or stormy. Some evenings I was already asleep for not having slept more than an hour or two the night before. And on one evening I missed the sunset to see Katniss Everdeen. Just for a moment, on a screen – a hundred miles away from me – a brief, agonizing moment that cost another dearly. My gaze falls to my left hand, with its unattractive assortment of burn scars tracing tendon and bone, and my eyes linger on the two uniquely crescent-shaped scars: the marks left by Katniss's teeth when I stopped her biting the nightlock pill and ending her life. I've won many scars and dozens more superficial wounds protecting Katniss, but this is the only one that matters. I was wild when they brought me in. Screaming for Katniss, screaming to go to her, die with her, die for her. No one would tell me where she was, what was happening to her, even if she was still alive. They rushed treatment of the wound – the potential infection from a human bite in burn-damaged tissue was dire – but I objected, vehemently, to everything but antibiotic ointment and gauze wrap. No stitches, I told them. No cosmetic measures. When I refused to comply, they sedated me and stitched me up anyway. When I awoke from the sedation, I tore the stitches out – not easily, with a badly burned right hand and no accessible sharp object. Aghast, the nurse who discovered it called for stronger sedatives and tougher sutures. I tore them out as well and watched the blood slowly pool to the surface of my skin as I screamed again and again for Katniss. Between the screaming and the stitches, I was sedated almost hourly those first days back at the clinic before the exhausted, exasperated staff finally summoned Dr. Aurelius. Too doddering for complicity, I hoped, he assured me that Katniss was alive – far from well, but alive. Confined in a secure place. It was likely my medical team had been honest when they claimed not to know where she was. An unorthodox prison, he admitted, with a twisted, mirthless smile, but not an uncomfortable one. I knew entirely too much about prisons already, about what happened behind closed doors in the Capitol. His assurances did nothing to ease my fears. Frankly, Peeta, there's no one to administer justice, even if they could agree on what it was – and no one wants the Mockingjay's blood on their hands. Coin's people would like her executed, of course, but they have little enough power to enforce their demand – and deep down, they don't want to be held responsible for it. Capitol citizens can't decide whether to fear her or idolize her. To everyone else, she's a folk hero. The sort of person who should've died valiantly in the last battle of the war. I cried out at this, as at a physical blow. Who's in charge? President Paylor. She knows Katniss, fought with her in Eight. It might not win her a pardon, but it should open up other options. Options? I scoffed. Imprisonment would be no better than execution – worse, because she'd waste away, take her own life. Under the circumstances, I believe that can be prevented. Before he left me – still furious and terrified for Katniss but no longer raving and violent – he paused, frowning at the bloody gauze pad on the back of my left hand. Peeta, the nurses tell me you've pulled your stitches out – twice. Do they bother you in some way? I ignored him. This tissue is fragile, Peeta. I doubt there's any further risk of infection, not with your current course of antibiotics, but you're impeding the healing process. The resulting scars will be more prominent. I leveled my gaze with his. Good. He nodded, resigned, and called to a nurse as he walked out. Bandage this as best you can. Apparently this is a scar he wants. I wanted those scars forever. Pausing in my painting, I rest my mouth over the outline of hers on my skin and smile. Katniss always kissed with her teeth. Both of us had, at first – we didn't know any better – but she got worse the more passionate she tried to be. She wanted so badly to project the girl in love. I remember holding her back once after she bit my lip. I think we might've laughed. I suddenly recall another such kiss – at the start of the Victory Tour. We'd barely spoken in months, let alone kissed, and Katniss had come running out of her house in her bright scarf, earmuffs, and white fur coat and leapt at me. One time, I spent three days mixing paint until I found the right shade for sunlight on white fur… I caught her in my arms – inwardly euphoric that, for whatever reason, at this moment, she wanted this – and spun us around once before my prosthetic leg slid out from under me, sending us both sprawling into a shimmering drift of freshly fallen snow. Snowflakes and fur and lipstick and the warm weight of Katniss on top of me, assaulting my mouth with hard, eager kisses…it had been like kissing a beautiful, enthusiastic wolverine. I didn't laugh then. I would've let her tear my lips off – tear my throat out, even, if she'd wanted to. I look up from the scars with a sudden hiss of breath at the thought of Katniss's lips on my neck, something I'm very nearly certain I've never experienced before. It was harder to contour our lips to each other than our bodies. Our bodies simply melted together, cradling each other's bones while filling each other's hollows. Kissing was trickier – awkward and even a little painful sometimes, but glorious when it worked. When lips softened, when give and take were perfectly matched. I remember a dank night in the cave of the first arena, Katniss lying beside me as I propped myself on an elbow, bending down to reshape her mouth under mine… I set aside my paintbrush and drift into the ornamental garden, enticed by wind chimes and delicate floral aromas and the most exquisite memory I've managed to retrieve yet. The afternoon of the perfect sunset, Katniss lay with her head in my lap as I threaded my fingers through her hair. A sweet stolen pleasure, one that didn't fit the strange, complicated relationship we'd developed during the Victory Tour. In front of the cameras, we kissed and held hands – which, much as I longed for, I could never quite enjoy. It was a caricature of a relationship, a role we played – however genuine my part. Away from the cameras, we shared a bed. Not as lovers, not even as friends, but as two weary and damaged young people fighting the same night terrors. I needed no excuse to hold Katniss, but I did need an invitation. Every night that she opened her door to me, I entered without hesitation and joined her in her bed, my arms shielding her from the nightmares and soothing her back to sleep when they inevitably managed to find her. The afternoon on the roof was neither a public appearance requiring a romantic display nor a nightmare in need of comfort; it was, uniquely, an occasion we mutually chose to spend in each other's company. We began and ended the day in bed together, wrapped in each other's arms, fighting nightmares of past horrors and fears for each another in the imminent Quell, but that afternoon…That afternoon was a dream. I was settled on our picnic blanket, finishing a detailed sketch of Katniss's face – relishing the strong lines of her neck, the curve of her jaw – when she came over to me, one hand full of improbably candy-colored daisies from the flower beds, and lay beside me, resting her head in my lap as her fingers turned idly to braiding the flowers into a crown. Startled but pleased, I abandoned the sketch, loosed the tie on her braid, and began slowly unplaiting her hair with my fingers. At her half-hearted sound of protest, I teased that I needed to practice my knots too; she chuckled and turned her head a little to give me ease of access, and, emboldened by the gesture, I gently finger-combed through the tangles till her Capitol-sleek hair draped my thighs like a blanket of black silk. Her hands were braiding the stems by feel, her eyes closed from the warmth of the sun, the drowsiness of the hour, or maybe the brush of my fingers against her scalp. And I realized that – for all the kisses, the nights