A/N: I have a fierce, completely unfounded headcanon that Jack and Raisa actually happened upon each other one particular New Year's night on their respective ways to see Alys and Janek and something like this ensued. Title inspired by Owl City's "If My Heart Was a House": Circle me and the needle moves gracefully Back and forth If my heart was a compass you'd be north Chapter One: Gumdrops and Acorn Cake It only happened once. It was fast and unexpected, but it did happen. - Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire They met in the place where their hopes intersected: the narrow alley between the bakery and the apothecary. She wore a neat, warm dress of festive red-and-green plaid; cheap cotton flannel, not wool, her ruddy fair hair loose and curling and a coarse brown shawl wrapped around her shoulders. It was a short walk from the butcher's, even on New Year's night. He had much further to come and was dressed accordingly in a long coat of what had once been very fine deep gray wool with a curiously elegant cut, as though it had belonged some decades ago to a high-ranking official. The ends of his black hair just peeped out from beneath a cheery red cap, but his heavy winter beard sprouted proudly over the rabbit fur that enclosed his throat. Like a figure and its reflection, they each bore a gift in gloved hands, tied with a single red ribbon, and like that figure and its reflection, their steps faltered simultaneously at a sight and a sound from within the apothecary's shopfront. Alyssum Ebberfield's laughter, tasting of candied violets and every bit as rare in this season, followed by a hasty switching off of the light overhead – but not before the mismatched pair outside caught an indelible glimpse of the apothecary's daughter pressed against the counter by the baker's eldest son, her merry mouth silenced by his own. This relationship was hardly new, but the laughter and kisses had been gone from it these six months, since the loss of the pair's mutual friend, Maysilee Donner, to the Games. Alyssum's parents had tirelessly ladled concoction after decoction down her throat and Janek had attended her with silent, patient affection, but nothing could break through her silent listlessness of grief. It had seemed, for one brief bittersweet moment, that the romance of Janek Mellark and Alyssum Ebberfield – the dream of their respective parents from the moment the latter was born – might truly be at an end, and this had been enough to grant a faint, shining sliver of hope to the pair who had loved them without it for too many years to count. "Well," Jack Everdeen said to the snow and the stars and the young woman gazing, heartbroken, at the window from which the image of the lovers had been snuffed, "I suppose that's that." Raisa Brognar released her caught breath with a ragged sound, more sob than sigh. "I thought…" she began helplessly, and Jack nodded, dismissing the need for further explanation. " Everyone thought," he agreed, with a trace of hoarseness slipping through his composure. "I never would have come, let alone tonight, let alone with a sweetheart's token, if there seemed the slimmest chance they might rekindle." His voice was beautiful; melodious and articulate at once, as though he went about as the main character in a play no one but him knew their roles in – nor, indeed, realized they were a part of. It made you want to drop whatever you were doing and listen to every word with all your might. "Nor I," admitted Raisa, who was not immune to this effect, and her eyes shifted from the dark window to Jack's face, which was every bit as beautiful as his voice, though this was not the sort of thing a Merchant girl should ruminate upon – save for Rooba, and of course, Rooba made no secret of anything she found appealing. Jack's mother had been extraordinarily beautiful, lovelier than every other girl in the district – Merchant and Seam alike – but somehow no one quite knew where she'd come from. Oh, they knew her kin, the dirt-poor Greenbriers, and even her mother, tiny, delicate Elspeth, who died bringing the babe into the world, but no one could begin to recall Ashpet's father: the man who had given her those mysterious green-gold eyes, shared by no one else in all of Twelve. It was almost as if Elspeth had found a fairy lover in the woods when she went foraging for her mushrooms and acorns and he had filled her with a fairy child, who in her turn had married the weak, plain, utterly unremarkable Asa Everdeen and given him the fine-featured fairy child who now stood between the bakery and the apothecary, gazing thoughtfully down at Raisa. "And what gift did you bring to accompany your heart?" fey Jack wondered, nodding toward the gaily patterned sweet-shop parcel in her hands. Raisa scowled and looked away, galled that a Seam man would dare to mock her in the thick of their mutual heartbreak, but he continued, so very gently that her eyes were drawn to him once more. "Please, I do not make light," he said. "I too carried my heart here, wrapped up in a gift far paltrier than your own. Indeed, I have far more to be ashamed of in this moment than you ever could." "For supposing that the apothecary's pretty, petted daughter might love you?" she wondered, and more hotly than she intended. "You attended her as well, in her grief and long before, with wild fruits and flowers from the heart of the woods. She might just as easily have chosen your heart over Janek's." "On the contrary," he said patiently, "Janek Mellark was welcome at her table, in her parlor, and even at her bedside, while her parents would scarcely admit me beyond their back stoop. It's little wonder that she should choose the boy whose arms have been her shelter these six months, even if she temporarily forsook his lips." "You are not a boy," she snapped, and he raised a curious brow, making her flush. Jack was six years older than the lot of them: a man grown, twenty-two and free from the Reaping that would hold their lives in the balance twice more before it was quit with them. For four years he had done a man's work in the coal mines, but unlike so many of his peers, he had not promptly sought a wife to keep house for him on the ragged edge of the Seam but instead kept a quiet bachelor's existence, split between six twelve-hour shifts in the mine and his forbidden, fairytale life of hunting and foraging in the woods. More than a few believed he never returned to his empty Seam house at all but overnighted in the woods after his mining shifts, bathing in the mysterious lake no one had ever seen but which yielded the plump delicious fish he sold to the butcher every Sunday and sharing a hollow tree with an owl or a den of earth with a pair of foxes. He was cleaner than any miner had a right to be and smelled perpetually of sweet pine fires, brisk air, and earth – the rich, pure loam that sent up wildflowers and vegetables and tall fruiting trees, not the poisoned soil that was steadily swallowing up his youth, airless and veined with coal. In truth, the only coal dust clinging to him this evening was flecks in the snow caking his boots, lending more than a little credence to this theory. "No, I suppose I am not," he conceded, perhaps a little sadly. "But you are a girl, and lovely to behold, and Janek could have chosen no better sweetheart." Her flush burned hotter still. "Don't make fun of me," she retorted, though she knew full well he intended nothing of the kind. "Janek Mellark would no sooner look at me than…than a half-rotted turnip at the bottom of the grocer's trash bin." "I wish your father's words had died with him," Jack said softly, "that the memories were as easily laid to rest as his body," and she flinched. When Vanya Brognar was finally silenced, first by a punishing blow from Rooba's sturdy fist and forever by a burst blood vessel in his brain, the entire district had doffed their caps in cursory condolence before hurling them in the air in jubilation, and only Jack, then fifteen, and his beautiful fey mother had thought to look in on the butcher's browbeaten family, to see how they fared without the brute who, for all his cruelties, knew better than any of them how to carve and portion a carcass and manage the funds it brought in. Jack had always tried to slip the children a little wild toy or treat that might be quickly consumed or concealed if Vanya was in one of his rages, and when the butcher finally died of that rage, seven years ago, Jack brought Luka an exquisitely carved wooden whistle on a string and Raisa a family of stick dollies with a set of tiny acorn dishes. Luka never found the patience to coax beautiful birdsongs from the whistle the way Jack had demonstrated and finally hurled it into the fire as "a useless scrap of wood," but the stick dollies still sat proudly around their invisible feast on Raisa's dresser, where she greeted them every morning and night. "Thank you," she blurted, suddenly and stilted. "For – singing at Luka's burial." Jack Everdeen had been the sum total of mourners for Raisa's brutal, beautiful twin brother, killed in a knife fight that summer, not long after Twelve won its first Games in time out of mind. There was no doubt in anyone's mind, not even Raisa's, that it was Luka who had started the fight, nor that he was the one who'd driven it to a life-or-death altercation, but the knife that cut his throat had been wielded by a miner, and Raisa had sworn enmity against all Seam folk as a result. Jack arrived at the butcher's on the heels of the Peacekeepers delivering Luka's body, having witnessed the bitter end of the fight and frantically attempted to save the dying boy – an act attested to by the bloodstains on his long fingers as well as the Peacekeepers' own accounts – but Raisa refused even to enter the room with him. Overcome with shock and grief and rage as she was, she clung to Luka's lifeless body and pressed the bloody rag of Jack's handkerchief to the wound in his throat while Rooba and their mother accepted Jack's account and repeated sympathies, particularly on her behalf. When she finally heard the door close behind him, she ran out to the front stoop and screamed after his departing form that she would tear out the throat of the next Seam man she saw, never mind that the miner who had wielded the knife in self-defense had been shot on the scene by Peacekeepers, and she insisted they pay the double rate to hire Merchant boys rather than Seam ones to dig Luka's grave. Burials in Twelve were simply that: laying the sheet-wrapped body – more often than not, stripped of every useful item; sometimes even of clothing – in a crude slot in the ground and covering it with earth while onlookers uttered a sentence or two in recollection of the deceased, if they wished. No ceremony was called for or observed, and the only marker to distinguish one grave from the next was a concrete slab provided by the Justice Building before sunset to prevent animals – or anyone equally desperate – from digging up the corpse for food. No one mourned Luka, least of all the countless girls who had served as his lovers, willingly or less