Author's Note: This story was also slightly inspired by Chapter 9 of my WIP When the Moon Fell in Love with the Sun , as some details may suggest. If Katniss's bird dream from that story is a delicate nod to "The Nightingale," this is a love letter of a retelling. A thousand thanks to DandelionSunset and sponsormusings for moral support and much-needed feedback! This fic might have been forever stuck at a certain critical juncture if not for you guys! ;D Prince Peeta and the Mockingjay-Maid, or The Prince Who Loved Birds " I love your heart better than your crown; and yet something holy lingers round that also." – Hans Christian Andersen, "The Nightingale" There was once, at the heart of a vast and glorious wildwood, a kingdom. And that kingdom had, as so often kingdoms do, be they in a wildwood, upon a mountain, or hemmed about by the sea, a good and just King with three fine sons, each of them strong, handsome, and golden as the dawn. The eldest was the strongest, broad and brawny as a young bull, with a ruddy complexion and thick curls as pale as flax. The second, lean and proud, was the handsomest, with hair like the burnished gold of his father's crown and a smile that could melt stone. And the youngest, with hair the color of spun honey and long-lashed eyes to rival those of the fairest ladies at court, was the kindest. The youngest prince was smaller and less striking than his brothers, being not above medium height and stocky in build, but there was something in him – a deep inherent goodness – that somehow surpassed their superior strength and beauty. All three princes were admired and beloved, but the youngest was the favorite, of the people and of his father. Apart from the noble pastimes required of one in his station, this prince had two passions: painting and birds. His chambers contained a quiet menagerie of his favorites – doves, finches, wrens, sparrows, a soft-whiskered nightjar, even a pretty kestrel – and he himself had painted his walls to simulate the wildwood, so that, upon entering those rooms, one might scarcely know one was indoors. Most magnificent of all, though, was the prince's bed. It had been fashioned like a thicket in the autumn wood, with tangled golden branches at the head and foot and a canopy of leaves overhead, cunningly crafted from gold and copper, which rustled at the slightest breeze. The palace, of course, had many balconies and passages leading into the wildwood, and the princes often rode out together, for solitude or scenery or the merry pursuit of game. And one spring day the princes were returning from just such a hunt when they were caught in a bitterly cold rain. Now it happened on this day that there was a maiden of the wildwood on her way to the palace. Her good father, a woodsman, had died some weeks before, and she had done all she could to maintain their cottage, but there was a great hole in their roof that required both thatch and timber, and a crack in their oven, and many other disrepairs, and the maiden had neither coin nor supplies to begin. And it had occurred to her that at the palace work might be found and a small income earned, and in time she might herself repair the cottage that she loved so dearly. It was for this purpose that the maiden was journeying to the palace, but the rain had come swift and cold and, wearing only a much-patched dress of green linen and her father's ragged cloak, she was forced to take shelter beneath an apple tree. In due course the princes rode past the place where the maiden was hidden. Now the eldest prince, mounted on a fine black horse, was intent on his empty belly and the stag slung across his brother's saddlebow. The second, astride a chestnut-coated steed, was chiefly concerned with a dark-eyed courtier who had wagered a kiss if he should be the one to fell the stag on their hunt. He was not renowned for his archery, but he had succeeded, and triumphantly bore the proof of it. But the youngest prince was, as I have said, passionately fond of birds, most especially those gentle species who are drabbest in color, and therefore he was also accustomed to lagging behind his brothers in the wood, ever watching for a bright black eye or the subtle shifting of patterned feathers against bark. This prince rode a milk-white mare, with his beloved kestrel perched on the saddlebow, and as they drew near the apple tree he glimpsed the maiden beneath its branches, for her gray eyes shone like silver in the rain. She was as dark as he was fair, with fine olive skin and a black braid that hung to her waist, and wet through and shivering, and at once the young prince slipped from the saddle and went to her. Seeing her ragged clothing and thin form, he offered her the bread and cheese from his saddlebag, and the maiden being more hungry than proud, she ate heartily of it. Then, having ascertained that she was journeying to the palace, he lifted her onto his mare and mounted behind her, wrapping them both – and his much-dampened kestrel besides – in his heavy cloak. The maiden inquired about the little falcon but did not shrink from her, and as they rode she let the backs of her slim fingers stroke the barred feathers. And the prince smiled, for his birds were like his children, and the kestrel was chief among those treasures. The prince's arms were about the maiden's waist, and the warmth of his body soon dried the rain from hers, but his breath came a little short against her dusky neck. Unlike his brothers, the youngest prince had not yet sought for a sweetheart among the maidens of the court, nor showed an interest in doing so, and thus the elder princes were greatly surprised when they turned upon entering the courtyard to see their brother with a maiden in his arms. The young prince parted from the maiden at the stables, far more reluctantly than he had anticipated, and bade her go to the lord high chamberlain, who would find her a place in the household. He imagined that such a maiden might do well in the spinning or weaving rooms and secretly hoped he would see her again, and soon. The maiden did as the prince had instructed and at length was presented to the chamberlain, a pompous young man with ostentatious moustaches. He saw no reason to elevate a mudlark, much-dampened and smelling of loam, to any sort of noble occupation in the household, and so he sent the maiden to the cook with a dismissive wave of his scented handkerchief. The cook was a stout woman, nearly as wide as she was tall, and boisterous but kind. She found the maiden to be unexpectedly suited for kitchen work, for she had hunted alongside her father for many years and plucked and cleaned much game, and could simmer a fine soup besides. The maiden was offered a place near the kitchen fire for her pallet and a copper penny each month: small wages for some, but a fortune for one as poor as she. She would visit her father's cottage each evening when her work was done, for the walk was not a long one, and in a year, she imagined, she might have coin sufficient to begin repairs. But before this could be done there was a debt to repay, and the kitchen maid – for so the maiden was now – could not let it stand. The following morning, she woke when it was still quite dark and slipped into the wildwood to snare a young rabbit, and she brought it to the training grounds, for she had heard that the princes sparred every morning before breakfast. She found the youngest prince with the armsmaster, his kestrel on his shoulder, and gave a little curtsey. "A rabbit for your kestrel, your highness," she said, presenting it with a quiet flourish, "in return for your kindness to me." The armsmaster gave a gruff bark of laughter at this, and the prince laughed as well, but without mockery. His laugh was golden, unexpected and full of joy. "Precious one, my kindness need not be paid for," he told the kitchen maid, accepting the rabbit with a small bow of his own. "It is a free gift, and perhaps more so to you than any other. But I thank you for the rabbit, and Rue does as well." The kitchen maid, feeling her debt repaid, departed with a spring in her step, and if the armsmaster marveled that the young prince did not look away until she was out of sight, he did not remark upon it. Meanwhile, the cook had decided that her new kitchen maid was comely enough to serve at table, and so the young prince saw her next at luncheon-time, her silver eyes glinting at him over a haunch of venison, and he smiled. She now wore the apron and cap and red linen gown that was the uniform of the palace kitchen maids, and he thought it became her more than might the rarest silk. And he found that his food tasted all the better after a glimpse of silver eyes in a dusky face and a long black braid dancing against a narrow back, and he called for more bread and cakes and cider than any prince could consume, simply in the hope of seeing her again, and the palace hounds grew fat and lazy beneath his chair. But far too soon this became insufficient, and the prince decided to make a pest of himself in the kitchen, rising even before his birds and beseeching the cook to teach him to bake, so he might have more glimpses of silver eyes and a dancing braid. The prince was possessed of large, strong hands – well fit for kneading , the cook said, even as she winked at the maids and playfully swatted the prince's backside – and he found pleasure in the work as well as the company. He had not the nerve to address his kitchen maid outright, but from time to time he plucked apple blossoms in the wildwood and laid them where she might find them. All of the household chuckled and tittered behind their hands and said the gentle prince had at last found himself a sweetheart, and many guesses were made to that end, but no one had the right of it. And some of the more enterprising of the court maidens adopted red gowns and white caps, for it was well known that the youngest prince passed his mornings in the kitchen, elbow-deep in flour and dough, and they dared to hope that their elegant imitation of the maids' dress might win his attention. The prince made the most delicate of inquiries and discovered that his kitchen maid's name was Katniss, and he thought a lovelier word had never been uttered. He traced her name on the floor of the wildwood on his ambles and twined it with his own upon sheet after sheet of parchment, even whispered it to the gold-and-copper leaves above his bed as he lay in sleepless anticipation of another morning's labor in the kitchen. The kitchen maid knew not of the prince's admiration, nor would have believed it if she did. She spoke very little and nary a word to him, save in greeting, but she found she cherished his smiles, though of course she did not know they were intended only for her. She admired, far more than she would admit, a prince who rose before dawn to mix and knead and lighten the hearts of