Author's Note: Measureless thanks to my beloved annieoakley1 for gently beta'ing this fic for the challenge and supplying plenty of preliminary squee in the process, as well as a critical line of Elvish dialogue. Thanks also to the magnificent justadram for feedback/modest fangirling on an early draft, especially concerning the "Tolkien-ness" of the language. You had me at "chuffed." ;D And of course: Merry Christmas, PenelopeWeaving . :D A few quick clarifications: - A very small amount of dialogue is quoted directly from The Return of the Kin g. - Some LOTR characters have been gender-reversed to fit the HG cast of characters, and a few small name changes have been made to better accommodate Tolkien's world. (Should confusion arise: The Witch-Queen of Angmar is meant to be Alma Coin.) - In an effort to do justice to both fandoms, I have taken pains to imitate Tolkien's language. For readers unfamiliar with Tolkien, this might be a little tricksy to get into, but I'm told it's worth the effort. :D The Steward and the Bow-Maiden [Eowyn] was… not really a soldier or 'amazon', but like many brave women was capable of great military gallantry at a crisis… [Faramir] had been accustomed to giving way and not giving his own opinions air, while retaining a power of command among men, such as a man may obtain who is evidently personally courageous and decisive, but also modest, fair-minded and scrupulously just, and very merciful. I think he understood Eowyn very well. In my experience feelings and decisions ripen very quickly (as measured by mere 'clock-time', which is actually not justly applicable) in periods of great stress, and especially under the expectation of imminent death. And I do not think that persons of high estate and breeding need all the petty fencing and approaches in matters of 'love'. This tale does not deal with a period of 'Courtly Love' and its pretences; but with a culture more primitive (sc. less corrupt) and nobler. - J.R.R. Tolkien, Letter 244 Day had broken in the White City, a thin and hopeful dawn, and Lord Peeta walked alone through the gardens of the Houses of Healing. An apt name for such a place, he thought often, and not merely for the healer's trade practiced therein. It seemed even the moss beneath his feet bore restorative powers. He paused beneath an ancient apple tree, its branches tipped with brave green buds, and settled at its base, favoring his right leg as he sat. The healing had been wise, tender and swift, but still the young lord felt a whisper of Shadow in the wound from a Haradrim's arrow. He pressed his back to the ragged bark and thought of his brother Luka, whose brawn was unmatched among the warriors of Gondor. Golden, kingly Luka, with his tawny mane and hazel eyes, who had ridden forth boldly to join the Council at Rivendell. Mighty, valiant Luka, who carried Halflings through the darkness of Moria and fought an army of Goblins to defend them. Headstrong, foolish Luka, who wished that a Steward might become a king; who succumbed to the power of One Ring, perceiving it as a mighty weapon in the hands of Gondor, and finally redeemed himself in death at Amon Hen. Luka, their mother's beloved. Peeta thought of their mother, Raisa, Chatelaine of Gondor, who had hovered at the brink of quiet madness ever since their father, the beloved Lord Janek, had fallen untimely to an Orc's blade, some ten years past. Luka she had loved with all her being, and his death had driven her beyond the edge of reason. The siege and Peeta's own wounds had simply obliterated any remaining vestiges of sense. She had always misliked her younger son, whose pale blond curls, blue eyes, and gentle manner made him a living reflection of his father. She would without hesitation have seen her sons' places exchanged: for Luka to have lived and Peeta to die; it should have surprised no one, and perhaps did not, that she thought to set his fevered body alight in the House of the Stewards. Already burning, she had crooned against his hot brow, her sinewy arms holding him to the pyre, almost lovingly, as the men of the Tower approached, bearing oil and flame. She would have succeeded, and immolated them both, had it not been for the courageous intervention of Rue, the dark Halfling, bringing to Peeta's aid the wizard Plutarch, whose bold action saved the young lord, though not his mother. Peeta last saw his mother standing wild-eyed and proud atop the pyre in her Chatelaine's robe of lustrous samite, her ruddy golden hair tumbled from its coronet, mingling with the flames that devoured her body. He was too terrified to weep, even in his fevered state, fearing that this towering creature of fire might yet descend from her deadly throne; might reach out to embrace him once more, to enfold him into blistering agony in her blazing arms. It was, after all, her wish that they both die in a glorious, blinding inferno. But he had not died, neither by flame nor Southron's tainted dart nor Black Breath, and for this he must thank his King. Finnodair. A name of legend; a name whispered by the earth itself – by the very stones of the White Tower. A name to make the White Tree bud and bloom once more. His very appearance seemed as much legend as truth. The aureole of bronze hair, bright as a polished shield, even in the dim light of the healer's chambers. The face and physique of a beardless youth, though he was well past his eightieth year; even in a Chieftain of the Dúnedain, such ageless beauty was startling. The strength in his golden hands, to wield a sword and to heal the darkest wound. Peeta's mind had been clouded with fever when first he was brought to the Houses of Healing, yet he had known, at once and of a certainty, that the healer's arm moving above him bore his brother's vambrace. Impossible though it was, amid the stench of blood and singed hair and somewhere, horrifyingly, charred flesh, he could smell Luka on that strange healer, and he had raised a weak hand to grasp Lord Finnodair's wrist, to feel the familiar worn leather, and the White Tree embossed there. When Peeta had last seen that vambrace, it had been high summer, and Luka dressed in his lightest cloak for the journey to Rivendell. See if you might grow a beard before I return, little one, he'd teased, chucking Peeta's hairless chin with his knuckles. Seven months later, Peeta stood guard on the western shore of Osgiliath, his cheeks soft with his first beard, and beheld the high-prowed Elven funeral boat of his brother. A voice, stern yet melodious, broke into his reverie: "I am told you alone can grant me leave to depart." A woman's voice. He looked up and raised his brows in surprise – nay, wonder. Of a surety, never had there been one of the Rohirrim in this most intimate heart of the White City, and yet the woman who stood over him could only be a maid of the Mark. Her skin was dusky as a dove's breast, dark nearly as a Southron, and her black hair fell to her waist in two heavy plaits, one over each shoulder, perhaps less neatly woven than they might have been. He wondered whether she had attempted the braids herself and been forced to seek another's aid, for her left arm was bound, close to her chest, in a white sling. She wore a plain tunic of crimson wool, high-collared and long-sleeved, belted snugly with a cord at her narrow waist, and slim trousers of coarse cloth; and the young lord smiled at the sight, for the clothing was his own, from boyhood. There was women's raiment aplenty in the White City, more so since the passing of the Chatelaine; this Rohirric maiden quite clearly wished for none of it. He wondered whom she might have bribed for a youth's garb, and how they knew where to seek those forgotten things. The trousers, while not unduly fitted, followed the contours of her legs, long for a woman of such modest stature and leanly muscled, and he thought, Here is one who could guide a steed with her hands bound at her back. A woman of Rohan, born to horsemanship and bowcraft. Her countenance, while surpassing fair, was grave and scowling – disappointed, he imagined, at his informal posture and simple attire – and had in it something of Oromë, Huntsman of the Valar. Peeta thought he had never seen beauty in flesh – nay, not even of Elven blood – till he looked upon this woman. "You are the Steward of the City?" she asked, furrowing her brow in impatience, for he had not spoken since her first address. He had never thought to stand as Steward, nor would he for long, at the return of the King. He rose to his feet. "I am, lady," he replied, and smiled again, for despite her fierce presence and slender strength, she was such a little thing, scarcely more curvaceous than a spear-shaft. The crown of her braided head stood no taller than the young lord's chin. "I wish to be quit of it," she declared. "To see it only at my back, as I ride east toward the battle and a warrior's death." His heart was overcome with grief at these words, though he could see it now: the despair, the dullness in her gray eyes. "You think little of they who healed us," he said softly, nodding toward the sling that bound her arm, "of the one who mended your injury, that you would cast aside their ministrations so lightly." A flush of scarlet burned at her cheekbones. "Rather I think too highly," she retorted. "T'was Lord Finnodair and kingsfoil which drew the Shadow from this wound, no common herbwife. I ride now to battle – to die – at his side." At these tidings Peeta knew she was more gravely wounded than first he had realized, and wondered at it, even as he told her, "You are too late, maid of the Mark. The Captains are now two days hence; even the swiftest rider, hale in body, could not hope to keep pace with them, and you are wounded. Moreover, I have not yet taken up the authority of Steward; I am Captain of the White Tower, it is true, and yet as much a prisoner of the healers as your fair self." "Then take up your rank and let me go, Captain!" she cried. "For my uncle, Lord of the Mark, lies dead in your Citadel, and my brother, last of my kin, rides east, one of those Captains of whom you spoke." He knew her then, and wondered how he had not guessed at once, despite her humble garb. "You are the Lady Katniss," he breathed. "King Abernathy's niece." "No longer any man's niece, nor daughter," she said stiffly. "Only Galen's sister, and that may end soon enough in a single bowshot. Will you not let me go, to join my kin in death?" His lips tightened then, for the words she spoke fell too near the final wish of his mother in her madness. "I will not, lady," he said, but gently. "The finest of every race now ride to the Black Gate; for my part, I feel they will triumph. And in this our part shall be the harder: to remain behind, in hope and dread, until their returning." She opened her mouth to protest yet again, when from behind her came a squeak of protest, and a blonde Halfling maid appeared at the lady's side "The Warden told you as much, lady," she said placatingly, and in accents that made the young lord smile, for he had had