Author's Note: A few months ago I was having a meet-up with the sweet and lovely honeylime08 , and she asked me if there would be any sort of Prim/Marko (Peeta's oldest brother in my headcanon, for any new readers) relationship in the future of When the Moon. I already know where and how things will end up for them (more or less), of course, but it was going to be many months and chapters before the readers learned what was happening, ship-wise, back in Twelve, so I lamented that I could tell her nothing because anything I said would be too spoilery. And then I wrote this huge New Year's chapter of WtM and snuck in a few Prim/Marko hints, more for myself than anything else, and not only did several readers pick up on said hints, but more people than I realized had read my multi-Everlark Snow White and Rose Red WIP, A Many-Petaled Rose (which up till now was only posted on AO3) and were already Prim/Marko shippers. *cue delighted Mejhiren* As it happens, I was already thinking about a parallel New Year's oneshot about Prim and Marko, and in light of the reader response, it just had to happen. A few quick warnings: 1. If you haven't read Chapter 11 of WtM, you will probably be very lost. There are WtM references throughout, but you really need to know about kissing boughs and sweetheart ribbons - and the Mellarks growing beards for the winter. (Minor spoiler there. ;D) 2. There's a bit of *coughs delicately* coming-of-age stuff that might be mildly squicky to some readers but which, I think, is integral to everything else that's happening here. It's nothing graphic or gratuitous, but I wanted to give a heads-up just in case. 3. This oneshot is wholly T in nature, but there's a very brief reference that made me consider an M rating, just to be on the safe side. But on the flipside, I felt that if I rated it M for that one reference, I was misrepresenting the content and would confuse and maybe freak out readers a little, especially in light of the pairing. Early reader consensus said to leave it as T, but if you have any complaints or concerns, please send me a PM and I'll happily change the rating. DandelionSunset, honeylime08, ghtlovesthg, everlasting1286, kumquat, AliceMac, SythiaSkyfire, and any other sweet Prim/Marko shipping soul that I may have missed: I hope this answers a few of your questions and, more importantly, whets your appetite for multi-Everlark squee. ;D Torchlight Now they had everything that they wanted, and everything was as good as it could be. ~ East of the Sun and West of the Moon, retold by Kathleen and Michael Hague I press up onto my tiptoes and stretch my right arm as high as it will go – and still I barely brush it with my fingertips. The kissing bough gives a smug sway above my head, and I sink back onto my heels on the step-stool with a grunt of frustration. This is my job now: to take down the kissing bough at the end of New Year's Day and put it on the fire. I have no father or brothers, and with Katniss gone, I'm the oldest child in the household, so the duty falls to me. When Katniss was my age – a tiny little thing, all skin and bones and big hollow eyes – she was hunting and trading at the Hob. These days she's not much bigger than me and yet she she's living in the wild woods outside Twelve, hunting rabbits and turkeys and deer – just as well as Granny Ashpet used to do, Mom says – and even tanning their skins to make clothes for Peeta. I refuse to be defeated by a silly evergreen branch tied with ribbons. I crouch a little and spring up off the stool, swinging both arms overhead. The fingers of my right hand smack solidly into the needles, making me yelp, and I land hard on the stool. It creaks and wobbles worryingly, but before it can topple over – and take me with it – there's a strong hand at my back, steadying me and the stool beneath my feet. "So you really don't like my beard?" Marko murmurs. I turn, cross and flushed, and find myself looking directly into a pair of merry blue eyes. Marko stands head and shoulders above me on the ground, a difference that's just accounted for by the height of the step-stool. It's not just his beard that he's let grow since the first heavy snow in December: his pale curls, dulled by winter, are shaggy and tumble about his face. He looks like the golden bear-man in the tales his father tells me over tea and cookies. Broad as a barn with arms like oak trunks and hair the color of freshly baked bread, he always wins the day and the youngest daughter of a poor man; a feisty maiden with yellow braids and, more often than not, a strong arm with an axe. "It makes you look silly," I retort and turn away, bouncing up on my toes to take another unsuccessful swipe at the bough. Before my heels touch down again, a big hand reaches above me and plucks the bough from its hook as easily as a ripe apple. I scowl in a passable imitation of Katniss and Marko dutifully sets the bough in my arms. "I'll look sillier without it," he warns. "You're used to it now." I shrug this away and hop off the stool, but he picks it up before I can and carries it behind the counter for me. Marko's always helpful, ridiculously so, but for some reason it bothers me tonight. When he returns to me, I notice the red ribbon twined between the fingers of his left hand, and he holds it up with a chuckle. "You know, between Dad and Luka," he says, "I'm lucky to get one of these for myself." With his lazy smile and hazel-flecked eyes, Luka Mellark has countless sweethearts. They were lining up outside the back door when I left the bakery a few minutes ago: a gaggle of giggling Merchant girls, waiting to kiss him and tie a red ribbon around his sleeve. "Why your dad?" I wonder. "He and your mom don't seem very…sentimental." "It's not for Mom," he replies dryly. "He takes the first red ribbon off the bough and puts it away in a drawer, and every year he buys another one and does the same thing." I frown. That sounds a bit like what Mom did with Dad's things after he died, and I wonder whether Mr. Mellark lost someone himself when he was young, perhaps even to the Games. "He lost a sweetheart?" I guess. Marko nods. "A long time ago," he says. "He asked her to marry him and she said no, and…well, he's never really forgotten her. I doubt he can even think of anyone else when it comes to sweetheart ribbons." Somehow this strikes me as even sadder than if his girl had died. Mr. Mellark is a very good-looking man, even with his grays, and his winter beard only makes him cozier. A strong, handsome, bearded man who always smells of bread. I'd hugged him extra long when I left the bakery a few minutes ago; he was so warm and smelled so good and even pressed a kiss to my forehead. "Your dad must have been a looker when he was young," I venture, "and he was the oldest son, so whoever married him would have inherited a nice living." Marko gives a sad chuckle. "'All that and a bakery to put it in,' Aunt Rooba used to say." I picture that for a moment: young Mr. Mellark, all sunny curls and broad shoulders and bubbling over with love for his girl. He wrestled in school, like his boys, so he would have been fit and strong, and his parents, by all accounts, were good, kind people with a bounty of food on their table. A girl in Twelve could do no better. "Why would any girl turn him down?" I ask. Marko looks at me for a very long moment, pressing his lips together in thought. "Because she married your dad," he says finally. " Oh! " I squeak, bringing a hand to my mouth, but somehow it feels like I knew this already. I've been watching Mom and Mr. Mellark ever since he brought that first hamper of food to our old house in the Seam, the morning after Peeta came to make his bargain with Katniss. Mom can be sullen and abrasive – it's her that Katniss gets it from, not Dad – and she's had some awful days since Katniss left us. The first morning that Katniss was gone, Mr. Mellark came over and cooked a huge delicious breakfast for us. Mom had spent the whole night at the table, drinking coffee and worrying herself sick, and when he tried, so gently, to wake her, she yelled at him and chased him out of the house, claiming that the whole thing – Peeta's bargain, taking Katniss away – was his fault. She's softened a little since then, but more often than not, she still minces around the baker like Buttercup with his hackles up. But nothing seems to put him off. I think of how tender he is with her, even when she's railing at him. How his eyes sweep a room until they find her, then linger on her face, her hands, her hair. How he brings over a pouch of his special coffee with almonds and spices every Sunday afternoon, even though we're well able to afford all of the ingredients and blend it ourselves. How he called her a name I'd never heard before, the morning after Katniss left, when he tried to wake her. Lyssa – "Anyway, things are right and tight now," Marko goes on. "Your father was a good man, and Mom and Dad…they make things work, you know?" I nod, understanding more than he realizes. I've observed enough of his parents' marriage to see what 'making things work' looks like. Mr. Mellark rises early, goes to bed late, and spends his waking hours in the kitchen or making deliveries while his wife manages the accounts and rings up customers. They share a room, but I doubt they share the bed in it. My parents' marriage could not have been more different. They had so little time together, thanks to Dad's twelve-hour mining shifts, that they cherished every moment. They were always kissing and cuddling, bringing each other little treats, singing songs, helping each other dress – or undress. For the briefest moment I let myself wonder what would have happened if Mr. Mellark had married Mom after Dad died. Divorce is expensive but not impossible, and I've heard it from more than one person that the baker only married Raisa Brognar because she was pregnant with Marko. Got his heart broken, didn't he? Rooba told me once. I'd hoped Raisa could patch it up for him, but it was the boys who did it, really – and little Peeta most of all. I hadn't thought twice about her words then – Rooba's good-hearted but coarse, and she delights in saying things that confuse me or make me blush – but after what Marko's just told me, the pieces are falling into place. It was my mother that Mr. Mellark loved and asked to be his wife, but she refused him and broke his heart. She left behind her family and livelihood for a sooty Seam house and a wonderful marriage with Dad, and Mr. Mellark kept his home and the bakery and wound up in a hollow marriage with a bitter woman that he didn't love. It's hard not to think