Breadcrumbs: An Appalachian Hansel and Gretel Dedicated to my sweet pea DandelionSunset, who shares my attachment to child!Everlark. Part One: The Woodcutter's Daughter Once upon a time there dwelt on the outskirts of a large forest a poor woodcutter with his wife and two children. – Hansel and Gretel, The Brothers Grimm When Jack Everdeen returned from town with the baker's wife and youngest son in his wagon, at first Katniss could not comprehend it. But when the words "new mama" and "big brother" left her papa's lips, she threw her milk pail to the ground and stormed into the woods, her black braids flying and her small face scrunched and red with angry tears. Her papa found her, as he always did, and shimmied up the tree, agile as a squirrel, to join her. "It's coming on winter, catkin," he said. "She needs a man." She'd had a man, of course, till recently: Janek Mellark, the beloved, broad-shouldered village baker, with his twinkling blue eyes, ash-blond curls, and gentle smile. He adored children, not merely his own, and made special little rabbit-shaped buns to give to every child who passed the bakery. Katniss had enjoyed no less than three of them this summer. But the good baker had taken ill and died suddenly, a month ago now. His elder sons were apprenticed already, and his brother had taken over the bakery. The brother, Papa said, though a jolly sort, didn't much care for the widow – for her dry cakes or her sour manner, Katniss imagined – and sent her to her sister at the butcher shop, where her second son was apprenticed, but they didn't want her there either. "She suffered enough at the loss of her man," Papa said. "You'd think her kin would show kindness in her grieving." Katniss didn't know Widow Mellark, save in that she had cold eyes, a sharp voice, and a broom that she didn't hesitate to use on hungry children who pressed their faces to the bakery window, hoping for broken cookies or breadcrumbs or even just a glimpse of fresh cake to fill their bellies. But she suspected the woman's kin had the right of it, to turn her away. "She's capable and comely, catkin," Papa told her. "And a woman's presence would be no bad thing for you." Katniss tugged at the hole in the knee of her overalls. At eight years of age, she did just fine, living in the woods with Papa. They hunted and fished, gathering berries and plump mushrooms and the potato-like tubers of the plant that had given her her name – and of course, there was Lady, their spotted nanny goat, for fresh milk. They traded furs and firewood in town for those things they couldn't make or forage. They did just fine without a woman, she thought, scowling. They had lost her beautiful fair-haired mama – and the baby girl she carried – a year ago in March. Mama had been a skilled herbalist and midwife – as good as the town apothecary; maybe even better – and sweet-tempered and gentle to boot. The new Mrs. Everdeen, Katniss knew already, would be none of these things. "She's not as pretty as Mama," she told her papa sternly. "No one's as pretty as Mama," Papa agreed. The baker's youngest son was as golden and round as an apple dumpling, all fat yellow curls, pink cheeks, and a short, stocky body. Katniss suspected he would topple over and roll for miles if he leaned a little to either side. Papa made them shake hands and call each other "brother" and "sister," which came far easier to the boy's tongue than her own. The boy – Peeta, he was called – was soft-spoken with pudgy, pinkish hands and ridiculously long eyelashes, and he smelled of soap flakes, cinnamon, and sugar. He was about her age, it seemed. He asked eagerly about their goat – he loved animals, he said – and Katniss begrudgingly showed him Lady's pen. The new Mrs. Everdeen was the complete opposite of her son: tall and slender with very white skin and smooth strawberry-blonde hair – and not friendly in the least. She took one look around the cabin and announced that they would return to town as soon as possible for a featherbed she could share with her husband – in another room. The trundle bed, however, would have to suffice for the night, which meant Katniss and the round boy (as she couldn't resist thinking of him) would have to share the little drawer-bed at the bottom. She wondered how they would both fit. Katniss went to bed cross and early, buttoned to her chin in her plaid flannel nightgown, with her hair brushed and re-braided by Papa. The boy came a little later, very shyly, his chubby legs peeping out from under his nightshirt, and carefully crawled in behind her. Katniss turned over in a huff and tugged as much of the quilt as she could over to her side of the little bed. The bedside lamps were still lit, awaiting their parents, and the boy said suddenly, "This is my pillowcase." "It is not ," Katniss grumped, and pulled the heaped quilt tighter around her. "Yes, it is ," the boy persisted. "I had the set with birds; Luka and Marko had pups and kittens. Why are you sleeping on it?" She remembers why then, and the memory makes her bury her red face in the pattern of embroidered larks. It had been a little after Mama and the baby died, and Papa was in a bad way: spending their trades on liquor; not to carouse, simply to numb the grief. He sat in The Hob for an hour or more while Katniss stood outside with her empty basket, waiting to see how much money remained to buy bread and flint and soap. Sometimes there was nothing left, and they returned to the cabin gray-faced and empty-handed. There was plenty to live on in the woods, of course, but some days proved leaner than others. That day Papa had been especially long in the tavern, and Katniss's small stomach was growling like a sleepy bear cub as she lingered outside the bakery. If the baker was there, she could have had a rabbit bun, maybe even two of them, but he was away for the afternoon, and his wife was none too generous. Katniss watched wistfully through the window as the baker's youngest son pulled a pan of perfect little rabbit buns, golden and steaming, from the oven, but his mama cuffed him smartly when he tried to put them in the basket his papa carried around for handing them out. The baker's wife preferred to give the little buns to the children of paying customers, not hungry urchins in the street. Katniss wasn't quite starving, but Papa's trades – and hunts – had been poor of late and she was very hungry, so she went round the back of the bakery to the wide raised platform the family used as a bird feeder. There was almost always something there – broken cookies, stale bread, burnt crusts – but that day there were only crumbs. Buttery shortbread crumbs, though, and much better than nothing. Katniss was picking them up and stuffing them in her mouth, a pinch at a time, when the back door crashed open and the baker's youngest son came hurrying out with a pillowcase, half-filled with something-or-other, in his hands. He went straight to Katniss at the bird feeder, thrust the neck of the pillowcase into her hands, and ran back inside. Katniss heard a fleshy thump and a cry of pain from within, almost before the door had closed behind him, and she ran away as fast as she could. She didn't dare to look inside the pillowcase till she was hidden in the alley alongside The Hob, and when she finally did her mouth fell open like a fish's. It was an entire batch of little rabbit buns, so fresh and hot that the pillowcase steamed when she opened it; a cloud of moist heat, smelling dizzyingly of honey-bread. Her stomach gave a ferocious growl, a bear cub's no longer. Some of the little buns had stuck together; they were that warm and soft, but Katniss didn't mind two pins. She crammed three of them into her mouth in rapid succession, nearly burning her tongue on the doughy insides, then ran headlong into the tavern to find Papa, her pillowcase-sack held triumphantly aloft. The grizzled old barmaid, Sae, had chuckled at the sight. "Reckon your girl's bagged a coon, Jack," she teased, taking away his empty mug. Papa turned to Katniss at once, the liquor forgotten in his concern, for she'd never set foot inside The Hob before, but his concern quickly turned to astonishment when she showed him the contents of the pillowcase. "These are Mellark's buns," he said in wonder. "Did the baker give you all of these?" "No, his boy did," Katniss answered, still confused by that part of the story. "I was eatin' crumbs from their bird feeder out back and he ran out and gave 'em to me." Papa's face fell at that. "You were eating crumbs from their bird feeder?" he echoed sadly. He never drank in The Hob again. They rode straight home after that, singing silly old songs and eating rabbit buns all the way, and when they got there Papa went out and shot a proper rabbit for stew, with plenty of fat roots and spicy wild greens. He made Katniss drink as much goat's milk as she could, warmed with a little of their comb honey stirred in, and put her to bed early in the little trundle-drawer. And all the while she clung to the pillowcase, even after it was empty. It smelled of soap flakes and fresh honey-bread. That smell was life , and the start of a new one for her and Papa. Once Papa's drowsy lullabies turned to snores, Katniss sat up, tugged off her own pillowcase, and replaced it with the one from the baker's son, crumpled from several hours grasped in her little hands. She fell asleep that night, and many nights after, breathing in honey-bread and life, curled round the fragrant pillow as she slept. The pillowcase lost its sweet bread smell after just one wash with their rough lye soap, but Katniss slept on it every night just the same. "It's okay," said the boy in her bed quietly. "I still have this." A chubby arm crept over her waist and dropped something in front of her before darting back again. A pomade tin, filled with jacks now, but smelling of earthy honey and lavender. That made her cheeks burn even hotter. It occurred to Katniss the morning after the rabbit bun incident that nothing was for nothing, and if she planned to keep the pillowcase she ought to give the boy something in return. Only he was a baker's son – rich by the standards of their poor little mountain village – and there certainly wouldn't be anything in the woods that he would want. Then she thought of how the first piping hot rabbit bun had burned her tongue. The boy had handled all of the little buns straight from the oven, so he might have burned his fingers. She found an empty tin of Papa's store-bought pomade – he used it for Sunday services and the occasional walking-out with Mama in town – and quickly, if inexpertly, put together a batch of Mama's burn salve, with sweet beeswax and lavender and the last of their sunny orange calendula petals. Papa caught her at it, of course, and raised a curious brow, but he knew, even at seven years of age, Katniss did everything for a reason, and a practical one at that. When she asked to go to town that afternoon,