Author's Note: I hate Twilight. I just thought I would put that out there first. I do, however, enjoy the characters and I wanted to try out an idea I had in my head with the characters in an alternate, human-only universe. I truly believe that in order to be a better writer, it is imperative to write on something you hate to gain perspective and hone writing skills. My old English teacher in high school drilled it into my head which is why most of my papers for her class involved "The Bell Jar" in some way. Hahaha. I also wanted to let everyone know that I will not bash the book and that this simply my creative take using Stephanie Meyer's characters. With that said, I do not own nor do I ever want to own Twilight and all original characters belong to Stephanie Meyer and company. Until next time. –B Chapter One: " Come away, O human child! To the waters and the wild With a faery, hand in hand, For the world's more full of weeping than you can understand." ― W.B. Yeats Brandon Bails on New York Fashion Week As I am sure my readers are already well aware, Alice Brandon is a true up-and-coming fashion icon. Alice was only seventeen when she dived headfirst into the land of Chanel, Dolce, and Gabanna and she has been turning heads in recent years by not only modeling, but by becoming a highly sought-after designer as well. The rest, as they say, is history. However, I regret that I must now crush many of your dreams by informing you that it seems Alice has taken off from New York and has already pulled her line from next month's iconic New York showing. While rumors cannot be confirmed, it seems a family tragedy happened last weekend and Alice's older brother, Dr. Edward Cullen, was involved in a fatal car accident. Their father, Carlisle Cullen, is the CEO of Cullen Enterprises and it is said that with his son's passing, Brandon will be taking over the helm as the new CEO. As the company has shareholders in a vast majority of networks, I am sure Cullen Enterprises need look no further for their debut into the fashion empire with Alice Brandon at the wheel. While the family has not spoken to the press, we offer our sincerest condolences to Alice and her family during this time of mourning. We hope to see the fashion pixie next month in New York even if she is no longer participating herself. Until then, dear readers, we will have to sustain ourselves with last month's fashion show in Milan as we all wait with baited breath for the New York Fashion Week to begin in October… I dropped the magazine I had been reading back into my lap and resisted the urge to tear it into little pieces. One line. One line was all that was mentioned about my father. He was a famous neurosurgeon who had saved countless lives at the Seattle Children's Neurology hospital and he was a damn good doctor. But he was only worth one line in US Weekly. One line. Everything else was about Aunt Alice. Not that it surprised me in the slightest. My Aunt was one of the most influential fashion icons in the world right now. If she left her apartment wearing a garbage bag as a dress, while some would mock her, most would end up copying her the next day. She had been on talk shows, hosted interviews, held elaborate parties at her New York apartment, and had even been asked to participate as a model in the Victoria's Secret fashion show next year. My Grandfather, Carlisle, had nearly had a heart attack when she had jokingly told him she was thinking about accepting the offer. I rolled the magazine up and began tapping it against my leg. I hated having to wait. It stressed me out. I especially hated waiting for people who should have shown up two hours ago. For having to be punctual about deadlines, my Aunt was notorious for making her family wait around for her. I sighed deeply, earning an annoyed look from my other Aunt, Rosalie. She was texting furiously on her phone as both my brother and I had given up on talking almost as soon as we sat down. My brother sat on the couch farthest away from us. He had earbuds in his ears and a White Sox baseball cap pulled almost over his eyes. His fingers moved rapidly across his PSP console and he remained completely unaware of the situation at hand. I groaned loudly as I glanced at the clock and realized only a minute had passed since the last time I had glanced at it. We were at my grandparent's home in Forks, Washington as it was the only space big enough for all of us to be comfortable. Alice had requested meeting here to go over my father's paperwork and his will and the rest of the family had agreed besides me. I had protested driving all the way from Seattle but Alice had insisted and what Alice wanted, Aunt Alice got. "Did you read this yet, Aunt Rose?" I asked, holding up the still rolled magazine. Rose looked up from her phone and shook her head no. I scoffed. "One line about dad. The rest about Aunt Alice; fashion guru of first world nations." I said, sarcasm dripping off of my every word. Rose gave me one of her famous glares. She was already upset about my dad but she had had to cope with her teenage, sarcastic niece and autistic nephew since last Friday. She was sure to crack soon from the pressure. "Don't." she warned, "I know you hate the world right now but don't you dare take it out on your Aunt. She doesn't write those articles and she reads them even less than you do." With that, she resumed texting on her phone, a crease appearing between her eyebrows. I shot her a glare of my own but kept my mouth shut. I ran a hand through my long hair and then grimaced. I couldn't remember the last time I had taken a shower and I was still wearing the clothes I had put on two days ago. Worn Converses, faded jeans, ripped softball t-shirt, and my ex-boyfriend's track hoodie completed my attire. My Aunt Alice would have a fit when she saw me. To say I was on edge would be an understatement. My father had been driving his beloved car to L.A. for some type of work conference when he was struck by another vehicle and crashed into a utility pole. There was nothing the E.R. could do, as it was already too late by the time the ambulance had arrived on the scene. My father, the best neuro-surgeon in Seattle, had been pronounced brain dead before even arriving at the hospital. I had been babysitting my twin cousins as well as my brother, Mason, when my Aunt Rosalie had gotten the call about the accident. My father's funeral was not for another two days as there were people flying from all around the world to be there but I was not sure if my mind was mentally prepared for that day yet. I drummed my fingers on the arm rest and sighed again. My little cousins had been told to give me wide berth since that fateful day which meant I could not even count on them to serve as a distraction. I felt like a ticking time bomb. The only one who would put up with me right now was my Aunt Rose because she matched each of my snarky responses with a well-timed come back. Abruptly, I stood and walked over to the window. Rain streaked the window panes, which happened quite often in Seattle. It seemed fitting that the world outside was falling apart but I had yet to break down. I pulled my long hair into a messy pony-tail as I looked over my shoulder at Mason. He hated storms but with his headphones in, he couldn't hear the thunder. I knew my family was worried that we had not reacted to the news yet. It worried the rest of our family that we could compartmentalize like that but it was something we had always done. Push down the feelings until they don't hurt anymore. Mason had not reacted to the news at all except to ask when Dad was going to be home to play the piano. He had thrown a tantrum until I made a copy of a CD called Bella's Lullaby that had Dad playing many of our favorite songs on the piano for his Ipod. I was pretty sure he listened to it on repeat but at least he had stopped throwing things. I sighed again, drawing my Aunt's attention away from her phone. "It's already past two. Is she waiting for a handwritten invitation?" I wondered aloud. Rose's eyes flashed fire at that one. "Knock it off, Scarlett. I am warning you now. Do not go after your Aunt Alice. It was not her fault. It was no-one's fault!" she practically shouted at the end. As if speaking louder would cause me to instantly believe her. My grandmother, Esme, walked in from the kitchen. I turned towards the window, unable to look at either of them. I could see Mason in the reflection of the window pull his headphones out of his ears, look around, and pop them back in. He would need a haircut soon. His hair was so shaggy, it was practically in his eyes. "I heard yelling from the other room. What is going on in here, Rose?" she spoke to my Aunt but I saw her watching me out of the corner of my eye. They began speaking in hushed tones but I tuned it out. I clenched and unclenched my fists as I tried to peer through the rain. It was coming down in buckets now. I wanted to go home to Seattle. It was a Tuesday afternoon so Dad would have the day off. He would be playing the piano while I would be curled up in the window seat with a blanket and my sketch pad. Mason would not have his headphones on and would be sitting near the piano, face filled with wonder as my dad smoothly transitioned from one song to the next. After Mason went to bed, Dad would have a cup of coffee with me as we talked about school, life, or any dilemma going on in either of our lives. He would tease me about becoming the next CEO of Cullen Enterprises and I would laugh and bring up art schools across the country instead. I swallowed the lump in my throat and roughly shook my head to erase the memories. My Uncle had had to practically drag me into the car this morning so we would get here on time. The fact we were here to read my father's last will and testament before he was even properly buried had me seeing red but there was nothing I could do about it. My grandfather had been a lawyer when he was young and knew how imperative it was to figure out all of my father's assets, trusts, and stocks so that Cullen Enterprises would continue to operate smoothly. I ignored it all. I just didn't care anymore. After a few minutes of hushed whispering, I felt my grandmother approach me near the windows and tentatively hug me from behind. "I am so sorry, Scarlett. You and your bother should not have to be here for this but we did not want to leave you two home alone right now. Your Aunt Alice texted Aunt Rose a few minutes ago and said she would be here soon." She tried to keep