Unfortunately, Twilight and its characters are not owned by me but by Stephanie Meyer! This chapter mentions abuse of a half breed child and a mild punishment (3 swats). Don't like - don't read past this point! ? Carlisle sent me to my room, ordering me to stay here until I can learn to "watch what you say" and that I had better stop "sassing" him and Esme or I would "be sorry". Pft what does he even mean? If I'm not sorry now, how could he make me? I sat on my bed and started doodling on some paper that I had, not even thinking about them at all, because I was too mad. After a while, I started to look back on the time I have been with the Cullen's and what brought me here. I have been living with the Cullen's almost 8 months now. It was rocky roads for the first couple of months but I've accepted them as they have accepted me. I must admit that I kinda like being with the Cullen's, it's better than belonging to a coven. Before I came here, I belonged to Christopher's coven. His coven consisted of him as the leader, Anna (his mate), Michael and Mary. I was with them for two and a half years. It was far from a happy time in my short life. I am a half breed, half human - half vampire. I was born to a human girl who died giving birth to me. I never met my father, or sperm donor as I like to think of him. That was nearly four years ago. Even though I am not yet technically four years old, I appear older. My physical appearance is that of an 11 year old, because I age faster than a normal human child. I was alone for the first 9 months of my life, trapped in the home that belonged to my Mom. I was too small and not quite intelligent enough to figure out a way of escaping the house that still held my mothers decaying corpse. For the first few days, I laid by my mothers side. I guess I was waiting for her to wake up and take care of me, but she never did. When I was one week old, looking to be about eight months old, I took my first steps. That's when I started to make my way around the house, in search of something to eat. I tried to eat everything from the sofa to the curtains, the floor lamp to the ornament. Everything I touched, I tried to eat. My hunger was unthinkable and my throat constantly burned. I finally found the kitchen. I was not tall enough to search it fully but I looked in the bottom cupboards and found crisps and chocolate, pasta, rice and a lot of tinned food. I tried to eat everything with little success as they were wrapped or sealed. I got frustrated and threw everything on the floor and then sat down and cried to myself. When my tears has settled, I went to make my way back to my mothers body when I accidentally stood on one of the packets of crisps. To my surprise they made a loud bang as the contents exploded on to the floor. The smell of them hit me instantly and I bent down and grabbed as many as I could with my tiny hands and shoved them into my mouth greedily. They tasted delicious. After a month, I was more like a two year old in size and I had been surviving off eating the dry rice and pasta, as all of the crisps and chocolate, the nice stuff, I had already consumed. I didn't like the taste of them but it curbed my hunger pangs. Over the next few weeks I started to use my smarts. I learned my self how to get things out of the higher cupboards by standing on one of the dining chairs and climbing on top of the lower cupboards. I also found the fridge - the best thing ever to me at the time. That is where I found cheese, my most favourite thing to eat. It tasted better than anything else I had tried. My life went on pretty much the same for the next few months, I ate and grew. By the time I was nine months old, I was the size of a four year old. I was able to open the back door but outside scared me! Once the food was completely gone, I had not choice but to venture out. Outside was filled with trees and shrubbery, for as far as I could see. There was also a lot of strange and scary noises. It terrified me to be out there but I was hungry and needed something - anything to eat. That is when Anna found me. She was on her own, hunting humans and my scent brought her to me. She was confused by my human/vampire smell so she didn't attack me like she would have if I was all human. She started to talk to me, asking me questions but I could not answer her as I had not heard anyone speak before to learn from them. I just looked at her with wide eyes and began to cry. Anna bent down and picked me up, pulling me closer to her as she sniffed harder trying to figure out what I was. With little success she carried me off, away from my mothers house. She ran so fast, the forest was a blur. I shut my eyes and buried my head against her ice cold chest, in an attempt to halt the vomiting feeling I felt. I am positive that if I had anything in my stomach, she would have been wearing it. She stopped and I heard other voices. That's when I first met Michael, Mary and Christopher. They were scary looking with their curious, bright red eyes. Anna's eyes where black - so not as scary. I turned my head back around and hid in her chest again. I heard Christopher and Michael walk towards me, growls rumbling deep within their chests, then Anna held me tight and growled back. She snarled at them, saying that I was just a little girl and that she wanted to keep me. I heard them arguing over something called the 'immortal Children' and saying that if the Voltori were to find out, we would all be destroyed. I never understood what they meant, so it never bothered me. That was the day I became a part of their coven. Anna taught me how to talk and tried to teach me how to hunt but I didn't like to see people die because it reminded me of my mother. I survived off eating wild berries at first, until Anna realised that I wanted human food. She would steal it for me from anywhere she could. I really liked Anna. I stayed with them, hating what they did to humans but liking that Anna was with me because I didn't like being alone. That was, until the day Anna and Christopher left me alone with Michael and Mary. They didn't like me, they thought I was an abomination, a freak of vampire nature and took pleasure in letting me know. Whilst I was a member of their covern, they would tie me to a tree when they hunted or when I slept, believing that I could not be trusted and they would hurt me at any chance they had. I had suffered two broken arms and a broken leg plus numerous cuts and bruises. Being half human, it was easy for vampires to harm me but being half vampire meant that my bones would reset themselves and I would heal much quicker than a human. That said day, they tried to make me kill a human. They trapped one and had her pinned to the floor telling me to bite her neck and drink from her. I was so scared, I cried so hard, venom tears stained my face, leaving my cheeks, nose and mouth feeling sticky. The girl kicked and grabbed at anything she could as she screamed at the top of her lungs. Michael twisted the girls neck and pulled her head clean off her shoulders - right in front of me. I was terrified! Her blood was dripping all over the place and he told me to come and drink it. At that moment I found out I had a gift. After I refused, Michael got to his feet and angrily paced towards me, still clutching the girls head, telling me to feed off of her. I held up my hand and shouted STOP! To my amazement - he did. Mary was shocked and went over to Michael to see what was wrong with him, but he was frozen in place. She yelled at me, asking what I had done but I yelled back, with hands raised and told her to get away from me. Again, to my amazement, she started backing away, still glaring at me. That's when I ran - I ran as fast as I could, as far away as I could get. It was late when I finally stopped running and I just fell to the ground. I was cold and hungry and very tired. I didn't want to go asleep incase they came after me and found me. At least if I was awake, I would hear them coming and I could try to run away again. Whilst I was sitting on the muddy, leaf filled ground, hugging my knees to my chest, I heard voices. They were not the voices of Michael and Mary or even Anna and Christopher. I grew scared and held my breath, hoping they wouldn't find me. That was when I first met Edward and Bella. Bella gingerly walked over to me and sat on the ground in front of me and asked if I was okay. I couldn't answer her as I was too afraid. I had never met anyone outside our coven, who weren't dinner, so to speak. Her golden eyes where so strange, I didn't know what to make of her. I had never seen eyes like that before. The humans had brown eyes, blue eyes and green eyes and the covens eyes where mainly red unless they were thirsty - then they were black. Edward sat on the floor next to Bella and asked me what my name was. I told them my name is Elizabeth or just Beth for short. That was the name Anna had given to me. They both seemed happy that I answered them, this time. They told me their names and then asked me what I was doing in the woods on my own. I didn't want to tell them incase they made me go back so I just shook my head and said nothing. Bella asked me if I wanted to go with her to their house, I just looked at her and nodded. She then asked me if she could carry me so we could get there quicker. Again, I nodded my head. She scooped me up in a cradle like grip and ran at full speed to a big white house in the middle of the woods. Once inside, she introduced me to Carlisle, Esme, Emmett, Rosalie, Jasper and Alice. They were all very welcoming and made me feel at ease, instantly. It felt like I was on 'Mastermind' as I was getting asked question after question but not being able to answer any of them, as I was afraid to tell them anything about me. I was scared and intimidated by all the golden eyes staring at me. Carlisle took me in to the downstairs study - to see if I would open up to him, without everybody