A/N Episode one is now up! You will see in the music motifs section that I have included songs for certain sections of the episode. You can open the soundtracks up in different tabs and play them while you read ^_^ They are to enhance your reading experience. But they are optional of course. Enjoy and I'd love to hear what you think! Music motifs: Graham and Roark's POV - Youtube dot com slash watch?v=oelDCr3P7yk Jacob, Hamish and the Flying Hogwarts Express theme - Youtube dot com slash watch?v=u3jmi_fQw7c Jacob and Hamish in the Headmaster's office Youtube dot com slash watch?v=Tq5aCFFWbfU&t S1E01: Trouble Graham Ethelbert POV Our teacher led us down a long corridor to the Grand Staircase. I could never get over how the multiple staircases were able to float and move around on their own. Me and the other Gryffindor students were all excited because it was our second last day of exams and at the castle before summer vacation. I couldn't wait because one of the coolest Gryffindor first years, Hamish Smeathers was going to throw a party at his house in the muggle world at the end of the term. Not just the muggle world of England but of America. After all the history Hogwarts has been through, recently it has become one of the most popular school of witchcraft and wizardry internationally. "This way children, this way - let's not get lost," Professor Cotton, our charms professor said. "Now, is everybody here?" She travelled the long row of students in first year. But she paused at me and Udai Vijaya. She then opened her mouth in horror pausing to scream. "We're missing two!" Professor Cotton gasped doing another count. "I can't believe it - I could get the sack for this!" She paced the hallway back and forth nervously counting over and over panicking. I turned to Udai. "Where are Jacob and Hamish?" "Ask them," he said with a smirk on his face pointing to my other two friends Roman and Roark. They began to laugh and giggle silently and then it grew louder, and louder until finally it got out of control. All of the gryffindors were all laughing their heads off. "SILENCE!" she screamed and it became so silent that you could hear the sound of a pin drop. "Now, I don't wish to yell but I really must find where the missing students are," Prof. Cotton frowned, "You all are starting to look suspicious to me - especially you four." She pointed to Udai, Roman, Roark and I. We all shook our heads in unison. But Roark whispered something to Roman trying not to provoke any attention. "Roark - Roman - I know that you both know where the missing students are hiding, because your friends with them! Unless you wish to spend your last couple of days in detention, I suggest you start telling me!" Prof. Cotton stood high over Roark looking down at him. Roark was a skinny, freckled kid with large glasses. Roark Shredher POV I gulped and shook nervously. Being the smallest Gryffindor made people including teachers take advantage of me. Now Prof. Cotton wasn't generally mean - in fact - She was very nice (if anyone is her favourite it's me) but at this point she had lost her temper. "Greetings Ms. Cotton," A lanky black haired boy in sixth year said coming across our group in the hallway. His name was Spike. He was a bully at Hogwarts but he was also a teacher's pet because he liked to tell on everyone especially Gryffindor first years. Standing beside him was his potbellied friend named Red. He and his idiotic sidekick were what gave Slytherin the bad rep that it used to have and was now returning. "I couldn't help but happen to hear that you're missing a few students. Redford and I would be delighted to track down those two and escort them directly to the headmaster's office." I clenched my fist and looked at Spike and Red angrily. He was acting so fake it was sickening. He proposed this offer to Prof. Cotton in the most high pitched voice pretending to sound as innocent as possible. "No Spencer, that will be all. I can take care of this myself. And that's Prof. Cotton to you." Spike's eyes went from endearing to anger. He thinks he can suck up to any proffessor at this school but he's wrong. Even though Jacob and Hamish were both my two good friends; they caused and brought a lot of trouble to me and the gang. It was becoming such a routine that it had caused Gryffindor this year to be in last place for the House Cup. Jacob Clarke POV "We're going to get caught," I said, "What if we get expelled?" We were at Hogsmeade Station and all the necessary preparations had already been made for our great escape. "You're overreacting and we've already spent weeks planning for this moment." Hamish and I had devised a plan to leave Hogwarts early for the summer. The plan was to enchant the Hogwarts Express to fly all the way to America across the atlantic Ocean. "We'll officially be not just the coolest first years but the coolest students in the entire school if we pull this off. And we will - don't worry! How do you think James and his band of insects flew from London to New York city on a giant peach in one day?" "Hamish, you know that's not real, right? It's from a book. And I think it took them longer than one day." Hamish had just finished dumping the body off of the conductor we had slipped sleeping draught to in his afternoon tea. Now with the aid of several of the kitchen staff elves we'd attached more than a dozen blocks to the bottom of the train. With the magic spell we learned called 'Wingardium Leviosa' we would levitate these blocks that would in turn each carry the load of the train and make it fly. "Nothing's going to go wrong," Hamish reassured once again loading his luggage inside the train. "Ready? You can go first." I shook my head. "Me - no! You do it first - it was your idea!" "Come on. You know this spell better than anyone and your older! Your twelve and I'm only eleven still." "What does my age have to do with anything? You go first and I'll follow with the second block. Then the elves will continue on with the others and so forth and so forth." Hamish pulled out his wand. "You're chicken, aren't you," I said, and couldn't help myself produce a smirk. "NO I'm not chicken!" "Then go!" "Um…" "JUST GO HAMISH!" One of the house elves screamed for us to be quiet. "If you two don't shut up we're never going to get it off the bloody damn ground!" Hamish and I both looked at one another in shock. With their wandless magic the house elf creatures lifted up their assigned blocks. The train wiggled and was starting to take off but It still needed more helping hands for lift off. "Wingardium Leviosa," I said using a swish and flick movement with my wand. Hamish followed until finally it began lifting quickly off of the ground. The grinding sound of the wheels lifting off of the track was extremely loud but it wasn't going to get us caught or prevent us from leaving. There was no turning back now. "Let's hop in, quick! All aboard!" Hamish said. Before the train lifted too far off the ground Hamish and I compiled ourselves quickly into the train and entered one of the passenger compartments. "Hey that wasn't so bad actually," I smiled. Hamish pulled open the window and breathed in fresh air from outside. "Ah! The fresh taste of freedom!" I laughed. "So how are we driving this thing?" Hamish shrugged. "Well, obviously the front of the train. The part where the conductor drives it or something…" "Are you serious right now? You really didn't think this through, did you! Hamish you were supposed to figure that stuff out! We're screwed now, thanks." How could Hamish do this; he put the whole scheme in jeopardy. "Now hold on. I know what I'm doing, okay? How hard can it be to fly a train?" He paused turning his attention away to listen. There was a distant sound of a sharp whistle. "You hear that too, right?" He asked then the whole train stopped levitating and came to a complete halt causing both Hamish and I to fall to the ground. "Do you think it could be…" "Check!" I yelled. We both came out of the compartment and took a look out of the windows of the train. To our horror and surprise, there standing below us on the platform was our evil substitute headmaster along with both Red and Spike who seemed to be enjoying themselves rather too much. The house elves were getting escorted back into the castle by one of the teachers. "Hide!" I screamed. Hamish ran left, further inside the back of the train. There was a giant hum noise which made both my ears ring and then the entire Hogwarts Express starting lowering itself back onto the tracks. I began to dart for it but there was nowhere to run. Hamish made a bad choice running further into the other parts of the train; they would eventually find him back there. I on the other hand was a goner; already a goner. There was no way they could possibly not see me peering out the window right now. Think, think, I told myself. Then the idea hit me. "Every single point that Gryffindor has at this moment will be taken. I hope you both are happy with the severity your actions have caused today. Straight to my office with you two." I had never seen the witch be so angry. I cranked down the window and heaved myself out. This was dangerous and stupid but it would be my only chance to escape the wrath of Headmaster Sickley. "What are you doing?" She screeched. I was climbing out of the window and about halfway there. I just managed to catch myself from slipping. "Stop this at once! You're going to hurt yourself! Stop!" First time I've ever seen her have compassion. I jumped out of the window and fell hoping to make it onto the platform. With my wand in hand, I yelled out "Spongify!" pointing towards the spot of my landing. My attempt at the second year charm more than flopped. The spell was fine; that wasn't the problem. The problem was I had forgotten to think about where it would send me flying. Boing! I landed on the now rubbery and soft platform and bounced high up until I crashed into a tree. "Catch them!" ordered Sickley the witch barking at both Spike and Red. Getting out of the tree and brushing all the twigs and branches off of me, I spotted Hamish who (probably wiser in this situation) decided to jump onto the platform without the use of a softening charm. "Let's go!" Hamish said. We met up with one another and ran together up the hill which normally only the carriages road. "Where?" I asked panting and out of breath. "Forbidden Forest." "After them!" the high pitched squeal of our headmaster said. I could see the old Hut which was owned by our gatekeeper in the distance. Then, I bumped right into a tall giant sized Slytherin in one of the older years because I wasn't looking and Hamish bumped into me. "So you're the idiots that tried to get the train to !" The one I bumped into said. "Trying to be school famous… we'll you just made the list of the two biggest school losers," the other said, making the shape of a letter L