High School Fever: Take Two Hello Readers! I have come to the decision to rewrite my story High School Fever. Thank you, Jessa76 for your review post from The Best Match chapter 11. Remember I don't own anything, but I do own two mutts :). Chapter one: Bella's POV : You would think walking your border collie at night would be okay. You would be right if you were not a single white female. Ya, that's me, walking Tippy- my dog- at night by myself. I know I'm smart. I should be walking him with my boyfriend, but currently said boyfriend is not home, he's at work, 'working' late. Really he's working on his secretary Tanya. He thinks that I don't know, but really, I smell her perfume on him when he comes home. I have been dating him since I was a senior in high school, and he was in his first year of college. I should have noticed sooner that he was cheating but it didn't click, my best friends Alice and Rose always told me the signs as a hint. But it didn't click. I guess I should call them saying I found out and that I'm moving out. I wonder how that conversation will go. I decided when I got home it would be a good idea to call Alice and her fiancée Jasper about Mister Edward bonk my sectary Cullen. I dialled Alice's number. "Hi you've reached Alice Brandon, personal shopper, please leave a message after the beep." *beep* "Hey Ali, its Bella, give me a call when you get a chance, Thanks, love ya." Awesome a message and I know Rose is not home she's in New York looking at one of the museums there to get some tips on how to do a particular exhibit here in Seattle. Jasper would be awkward. I was driving to the high school where I teach English, creative writing and I run the library. I got my BA in English and my . in grades 9-12. I have been teaching for about 3 years now, I love it. Most of the students like me, since I am young and I don't do boring material. I was walking into the office when I noticed a new mailbox not far from my Swan, I. it was McCarty, E. I guess we have a new teacher. I wonder what he or she teaches. I guess I will find out soon enough as there is a new teachers staff meeting during lunch today. So I guess I didn't need to make my lunch this morning. I made it through my 3 morning classes that consisted of, English to grade 9 and 12 and library training for staff. Great, teaching other teachers how to use the library, and most of them are teachers who have been here for eons. Lunch was hectic; all 70 staff members were invited to come, to see the fresh meet the school and school board hired. We all sat down in the randomness that was our staff room with our lunches in tow looking at Mr. Vouturi, our principle. "Hello staff. We have a new addition to the teachers in the gym and language department. Mr. McCarty. Come up and introduce yourself." "Um, hi. I'm Emmett McCarty; I have my BA in English as well as physical education. I have my . in grades 9-12 in both teaching English and gym. I will also be coaching the football team as well." Wow I think I have died and gone to heaven. Like seriously, the man was fuck hot. He was huge, large muscles, beautiful thick curly brown hair and eyes that the Mediterranean Sea would envy. I think I need to get to know him. "Miss Swan." Mr. Vouturi said, I looked up at him. "Since both you and Mr. McCarty are both in the English department, I was thinking you could show him around, his desk beside yours and his class will be too." "Okay." I squeaked. I didn't know what to say. After the staff meeting I waited around for Emmett to be done with the other staff, I introduced myself. "Hi, I'm Isabella Swan, but call me Bella. I teach English, creative writing as well as run the library." "Hey, you already know my name and what I teach. I just moved here from New York. But I'm from, Toronto, Canada." He said. "Oh, I see." I replied, I wonder if the myths are true; they say 'eh' after every sentence, if they live in constant snow and if they are better in bed? "Yup." He rocked back on he's heels and popped the 'p'. I took him to the English wing of the school, it was big. "We are a big school, so each of us has our own class rooms and the departments share an office. This was if a student needs us they can find us in two places." We walked down the hall till we reached my room. "Well Mr. McCarty this is my room. And right to the right is yours. You can decorate it in any way you want also you can move the desks and stuff." "Cool, wouldn't mind that, I hate having the rows like a lecture hall. I prefer a horse shoe form." I kept looking at Emmett, he was so different then Edward, not just in appearance but from what little I know about him. He actually liked kids, he could teach. He is compassionate about things, you can tell all this by talking with him for a few minutes. After class I got to my car, when I was stopped by something big. Like I mean brick wall big, and of course me being clumsy beyond belief I fell on my ass. I must have been a tomato with how hot my checks felt when I say a large hand out in front of me. "Can I help up?" Emmett asked. So I just held my hand out and nodded as I was sure as the sky is blue I could not form any words. "Sorry I wasn't watching where I was going, Bella." It sounded if a god was saying my name; I wonder how he would say my name as he is coming into me? "That's alright Emmett, I'm a walking disaster." I laughed; hoping he can't read minds as apparently mine has taken a trip to the gutter. But hey, Edward was cheating on me and I didn't know it so I haven't been sexed in a while. "I'll see you tomorrow Emmett." I said while I was walking away. "Oh yes, you can count on it." I heard him say. "Oh Bella!" I turned to see what he wanted. "Ya Emmett?" "I was wondering if I can have your number just in case if there were any questions I had for tomorrow." "Oh sure, here." I looked through my bag and scribbled my number on it, and gave it to him. "Thanks, and I'll see you tomorrow." "Bye." As I got into my car I got a text Bella what do you like in your coffee? ~E . Black and strong ~B Cool, I'll see you tomorrow. ~E I drove home with the biggest stupidest smile on my face, but as I pulled up in my drive, I remembered how stupid my love life is right now. Great what else can go wrong? Emmett's Pov: I have been here for a week, getting ready for my new job at this high school. This is a big change from New York, where the people don't take a second glance at you if you are new, and they have an accent that is a mile thick. Then again this is different from my home town of Toronto. It's really rainy here; I wonder how they play football here? But I can't wait till tomorrow when I get to my new school. I will be teaching English and gym. Plus, coaching the football team to glory. That was the main reason I was brought all the way out here. They wanted a winning coach. That's why I am always transferred. First it was a high school back home to two different high schools in New York and now here in Seattle. But I can't wait for the challenge, I was all set and giddy as a school boy ready for his first day of school. I walked into the office and say the secretary there, I was here a few week ago to meet the coaching staff and principle, so the getting around the school shouldn't be a problem. "Mr. McCarty." Mr. Voloturi said with his hand extended. "Good Morning Sir, how are you?" "Oh I'm fine. We are going to have a staff lunch-in, so I can introduce the new head coach of the Panthers, and the new addition to the English and gym staffing teams." "Okay, until then what do you want me to do?" "You will be looking at the team this year and reviewing old game tapes so we can beat the Wolves this year." He said. "Finally." I heard him sigh, but I don't think I should have. So I was lead to the coaches' office and set up there, I looked over the game tapes and I decided that we needed fresh meat in this team, or something because there was now spirit on this team, hell the school. Before I knew it lunch rolled around, as half looking forward and half dreading this 'lunch-in/meeting' I mean couldn't I just bump into the staff in the lounge, office or hallways. Or even when I needed to talk to them about failing a student making him eligible to play ball. But seeing I was the new teacher and all, I had to go. So I made my way down to the staff room and sat down in one of the large brown chairs. Mr. Voloturi nodded his head in my direction, so I stood up and went beside him. "Hello staff. We have a new addition to the teachers in the gym and language department. Mr. McCarty. Come up and introduce yourself." Mr. V said. Great I hate speaking to people I work with, it's so much easier to talk to the hormonal teens. "Um, hi. I'm Emmett McCarty; I have my BA in English as well as physical education. I have my . in grades 9-12 in both teaching English and gym. I will also be coaching the football team as well." Mr. V had Miss Isabella Swan show me around. Damn she was hot. Her eyes held something, a cross between shy, anger and happiness. I wonder if she's single. I want to get to know her so I asked for her number so, I told her it was for if I had any questions. But in reality it's so I can ask her out later on, once I know she is single. I had Bella's coffee in my hand, heading for the English office. I thought she was there, but she wasn't. So I went to the library, because yesterday she said that she is also the librarian. No luck there. So my very last stop was to the supply board we have in the office, to see if she's away. It turns out she is. Well that's great; I really wanted to see her eyes again. Those beautiful big expressive brown eyes that I got lost in yesterday. So I texted her; Hello, Miss Swan. How are you feeling this Tuesday morning? –E. I hope I want too strong. I've been better Mr. McCarty. –B Oh no, I hope she's okay. Isabella, I hope I'm not being to forward in asking, if I could stop by with dinner. I know a place where they make wonderful chicken soup and homemade bread. That may make you feel better.-E Emmett, that sounds wonderful. Text me