"Thank you so much, we really appreciate you letting us stay here" My mother said, tears strolling down her cheeks. "It's okay really," Molly Weasley said, pulling my mother into a big hug, and by big I mean Mrs. Weasley. "Say thank you, Draco." My mother said looking at me. I looked at her, shocked. I didn't want to be here, but I guess we don't really have a choice since Father was put in Azkaban, Wizarding Prison. We are-were very wealthy before the Ministry took all of our property as punishment, since I was technically still underage. Besides, we were forced to do His bidding- by Him and my father, and the jury was very sympathetic once they heard- and saw through our memories- what it was like to live with him. "That's all right, Narcissa." Mrs. Weasley said, pulling away from Mother. "I suppose it has been a long journey you'll want to rest. Excuse us if we seem a bit down, after Fr-" She sobbed loudly and clutched her heart "After Fred died in the war, we have all been a bit gloomy." "I understand, Molly. To lose a child, I can't even imagine..." My mother's voice cracked, and I felt her hand run down my back. "It's horrible." "Yes. George moved out, he couldn't stand to stay in their room, so that's where you will be sleeping for now." Molly said quietly. We followed her through a shabby living room with a mangy looking cat dozing in a chair. His fur was grey and had patches missing. He raised his head and yawned at me. Disgusting old stray. "That is Charlie's cat Wizzenbee" Mrs. Weasley said, gesturing to the old thing. "Got him his first year at Hogwarts, the store clerk got his name wrong, kept calling him Wizzenbee instead of Wizardry, Charlie laughed of course, kept the name." We passed a bedroom where Mr. Weasley sat on the bed, holding some red sweater and sniffling, he got up and shut the door. "Oh, don't mind Arthur, he's just... Well, we all... It's hard on everybody." We came to some rickety stairs. "Mum I don't want to go up those..." I whispered. "Hush, Draco." Mother said, following Mrs. Weasley up the stairs. We climbed almost seven floors before she finally stopped and opened a door. It was dark inside. Cold. The walls were faded yellow and brown stripes, the bedspreads brown and plain. The floors creaked. The walls shrieked. "I'm afraid, when George left, the cheeriness left with him." Mrs. Weasley said, softly. The door closed softly behind her and I immediately turned to my mother. "I don't like it here, Mum, it's cold and scary. Mum please, can't we go home?" I desperately clung to her dress, my throat tightening. "Silly, boy. We are home. This is our home now." She whispered. "I want to go home to my bed, and my clothes, and Father." I said, tears welling at the back of my eyes. "We can't Draco! Because of that man you call Father." She spat, pulling her dress out of my grip. "I want to go home, Mummy." I said quietly, sinking to my knees on the floor. "Please, lets go home" When I woke up, I didn't recognize where I was. The cracked ceiling above my head wasn't my own, and the itchy blankets weren't mine either. I got up and rubbed my eyes, my hair sticking up at random odds and ends. I looked around, but other than a old, uneven legged desk the room was completely bare. I sighed and looked around for something to change into, the closet was bare. I looked at a small mouse nibbling a hole in the wall in disgust. "Wingardium Leviosa" I whispered, raising the little white mouse into the air with a flick of my wand. It squeaked in annoyance and struggled in the air. I gently placed it on my hand, and stroked its soft head, gently. It raised it's little head and sniffed at my finger, I smiled. Then the bastard bit me! I threw it hard at the wall and watched it fall lifeless onto the floor, its neck bent at an awkward angle. I took a step toward it and slowly bent down to scoop it up, my blood coating its soft white fur. I gasped, my face heating up and tears streaming down my face. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you, I'm so sorry" I repeated, petting the little mouse and holding it close to my heart, "I'm so so sorry" I heard a scuffle from behind me and turned quickly to see Harry Potter watching me, a small infant in his arms. "Go away, Potter." I said, my voice breaking as I turned back to my small mouse. "Draco?" He said, unsure and taking a step forward. "Get out of my room, Harry!" I shouted. He flinched and took a step back, visibly shaken. "I'm so sorry, it's all my fault." I said quietly, petting the mouse. "I'm so fucking sorry" I heard footsteps taken toward me and flinched away from them, holding my dead mouse closer to me. "It's not your fault, Draco. I promise, it's not your fault." A warm hand upon my back. "It is, though. Harry, I let them in the school. I killed Dumbledore!" I said, clutching the mouse to my heart. "I did it! I killed him." "No, Draco. You had no choice, and Snape killed Dumbledore. I know why, Dumbledore told him to. You didn't do anything wrong Draco." "WHAT DO YOU KNOW, HARRY?" I screamed standing up, "FAMOUS HARRY POTTER AND HIS STUPID BABY, THE BOY WHO LIVED! YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING, POTTER!" I pulled my wand out and pointed it at him, tears falling down my cheeks, my skin pale. The wand shook in my hand, as it pointed directly toward his face. I heard footsteps in the hallway and turned to look, Ron Weasley stood in the hallway, eyes open wide his face growing red. I faulted and lowered my wand as I saw the disgust in his eyes. "None of you know anything..." I whispered, my voice cracking as I dropped my wand and ran out of my room. "Draco!" Harry called after me, as I ran down the series of steps. "Draco! I was just about to come up and bring you some break-what's wrong dear?" Mrs. Weasley asked, concern growing in her big brown eyes. Part of me wants to scream, to fight, to hurt them all like I was hurting just then. Another part of me wants to breakdown and cry and hug this woman in front of me, to tell her everything. The strongest urge, though, was to run. I pushed past Mrs. Weasley and ran out the kitchen door, running down the driveway as fast as I could. I cried harder, my breath hot in my lungs as I exerted my body to the limit and kept running. I didn't know where I was, and it was getting hot. I slowed down a little, then, remembering what Harry had said, I sped up even faster and ran, my sweat sticking to my back. My shirt was plastered to my skin, my hair soaked against my forehead. The tears dried in the sunlight, but the dryness didn't stay long as new tears soon took their place. I kept running down the road, my skin starting to warm, the bloody mouse in my fist, its tail whipping in the wind. I stopped and coughed hard. Gasping to catch my breath I let out a heart wrenching sob. I heard some gravel move behind me and immediately went to reach for my wand. It wasn't in my pocket. I turned around and let out a scream as I stared into two black nostrils. I cried, and leapt back, looking at the monster before me. It was big and black and had hard feet that crushed the ground beneath it. It's big black eyes watched me from the side of it's head. The black fur that went along its entire body got long at the back of it's neck and its rear, as if turning to hair. I watched as it watched me. What is it? "Demon! Demon where did you go?" I heard a girl yell from somewhere in front of me. A girl with brown hair in braids and teeth too big for her mouth came running over a hill. She wore jeans that seemed to button just under her shoulders and a pink shirt. Her feet were bare and brown with a thick coating of dust. She stopped and stared at me when she spotted me. She hesitantly walked next to the beast next to me and petted its large chest. "Ain't he a Beaut?" She said with a heavy accent I just couldn't place. "Got 'imm fer my birthday" she said, patting the beast. I gasped at the way she just touched the giant 'Demon' whatever that was. "You wanna touch 'Imm?" She said, something on her top teeth shining in the sun, as if metal was- oh my god, metal is attached to her teeth. "What's your name?" I stared at the small train tracks across her white teeth, and waited for a small train to magically run across them. "'Ain'tchu' got a name?" She asked, leaning her head forward. "'chu starin' at?" she asked, tilting her head. I blushed and looked away. "You can talk right?" She asked, looking at me as if I were a child. I nodded and looked at the weird way her hair was tied. "So, what's yer name?" She asked again. "Draco...?" I said, with a hint of confusion showing in my voice. "Draggo? What kind a name is that? Well, 'Draggo' my name's Lucy. Lou-See. Lucy. Can you say Lucy?" "Lucy." I said, now focusing on the way her pants seemed to turn into a shirt and button from two straps. "Good, I'm 11, though I'm turning 12 next month. Mama says there's gonna be a cake. D'you like cake, Draggo?" She asked. "Cake?" I asked, softly. "Yeah, like Cake." I said, suddenly my voice starting to take on her accent. "Good. You like ice cream?" She asked, though it sounded like 'ass cream'. "What's that?" I asked. "What's Ice cream? Ain'tchu never had ice cream 'fore?" She asked. I shook my head and looked at this odd little girl. "You been cryin' Draggo?" She asked. I looked down, and rubbed the little mouse tail. "Well, 't ain't nothin' ta be ashamed fer, jus been strong too long, as Pa says. You'd like my Pa. We just moved here from Tennessee. You e'er been there? Real perty there" "Where?" I asked, suddenly self conscious with how little I knew about what this girl was talking about. "Tennessee, stupid. Gee, you sure are dumb ain't you? Well it's in the States, pretty famous place. Ain't you ne'er hear the pick-up line 'fore?" "The what?" I asked. "A pick up line is what we call the cheesy comments used to get a date with a real lady. There's one that goes 'are you from Tennessee because you're the only ten-I-see' Get it? Ten- I- See." "What does numbers have to do with anything?" I asked, suddenly feeling really dumb. "Well it's a rating system, silly. On a scale from 1-10 you rate a persons looks, if its a 10 they're really hot, if they're a 1 they're as ugly as our school supervisor Ms. Chimp." "What does their temperature have to do with it?" "No, stupid. 'Hot' just means sexy or beautiful." She said laughing. "Oh. Am I sexy?" I asked not sure what the word meant. "Well, I guess so I never had sex so I don't know what sexy really is." She said, shrugging. "What's sex?" I asked. "Well it's how babies are made, stupid!" "Oh, I didn't