**This is my first fan-fiction work, so please leave me some reviews/feedback! Thank you :) ** CHAPTER 1: The Night Messenger Oliver laid down in the grass, arms behind her head, and gazed up at the sky. The night was moonless and the stars swam in a river of lights, winking behind the branches of the huge oak tree she lay under. Oliver wiggled her bare toes in the soft green grass and closed her eyes, imagining the stars were serenading her to sleep. She had school tomorrow morning, the last day of school for the year, and school meant Lyla Bellwether. She had known Lyla since Year One of primary school, and she was sure she had never met another person quite as horrible in her entire life. Lyla Bellwether was the daughter of a famous actress and a well-respected politician, though Oliver doubted anyone knew who they were. When asked for their names, Lyla would raise one perfectly sculpted eyebrow into a dainty arch and say, "No need to ask who . Don't you keep up with the news?" She would often bring elaborate lunches to school, filled with fancy little hors d'ouevres and quaint tea sandwiches. Once, in Year Two, Oliver had caught Lyla eating a regular old cheese and ham sandwich in the bathroom. Lyla immediately told everyone that Oliver had peeped on her in the bathroom. The few friends Oliver had made stayed away after that, and even now, Oliver found herself quite friendless. Oliver didn't mind. She much rather preferred to read by herself in the library anyway. No, Oliver did not resent Lyla for her transgressions in Year Two. She resented the Lyla now, who was just as nasty as she had ever been, but was much cleverer going about her nasty ways: a smear of dirt across the back of her uniform or a small pile of trash waiting for her in her seat. Oliver was not the only person Lyla had been horrible to, but everyone seemed to have forgotten how horrible she could be. Oliver supposed that Lyla's flouncy golden curls and wide blue eyes might hold the key to that mystery. Who didn't like looking at pretty things? And as long as those smirking pink lips were sealed shut, Lyla looked the spitting image of a porcelain doll. Oliver, on the other hand, did not consider herself to be particularly pretty nor particularly plain. She was a little thin, with wiry arms and legs that were stronger than they looked. A fluff of short black hair settled on top of her head with stormy grey eyes that stared out beneath the unruly bangs. Those eyes often unsettled adults, but Oliver was quite fond of them. She rather thought they lent her an aura of mystery, as she hated the thought of anyone thinking her simple. With her petite stature, short hair and name, Oliver was often mistaken for a boy, but Oliver didn't mind. Not much ever bothered Oliver. Except Lyla. Tap tap. Oliver opened her eyes. She peered into the shadows escaping the starlight under the tree. There was nothing there. Straining her ears, Oliver could hear the faint rustling of the leaves overhead and the faint gurgling of a brook beyond the trees. Tap tap. Oliver sat up quickly. "Who's there?" she called out. " Who's there, who's there, who's there?" whispered the trees. The blades of grass tinkled softly with laughter and the shadows writhed in merriment. Oliver glanced around uneasily, but everything seemed calm once again. Perhaps it was just a rabbit, or a bird, or a stray cat… Oliver settled down, but kept her eyes vigilantly open. Tap tap. This time, Oliver saw a passing flicker and shot one arm out to grasp it tightly. "Caught you," she said triumphantly, "Didn't expect that, did you?" "Caught me, indeed," scoffed a very matter-of-fact voice. "I was here the whole time, if you knew where to look. Now, please let go of my feathers." Right in front of Oliver's eyes sat a large, handsome owl. Oliver had not seen many owls in her life, but she thought this one looked particularly wise with its tufted brows and deep eyes. "A great horned owl," Oliver said thoughtfully. "And who might you be?" It did not cross Oliver's mind that a talking owl was an impossibility, or that she ought to contemplate the strangeness of the situation. The owl sighed, as though disappointed by her lack of common sense. "You are asking the wrong questions. The question is not who, but where, or why." Sniffing daintily, he tugged a wing loose from Oliver who had not realized she was still holding onto those glossy feathers. Oliver edged closer to the owl. "Okay then, why?" The owl eyed her disdainfully and said stiffly, "I am here to bear news." Oliver waited. When the owl did not say more, she asked, "What news?" "It is what I do. Bear news," the owl said irritably, as if Oliver were a bit stupid in the head. "I am here to bear news." Oliver did not think the owl was going to provide any more answers on that front, but continued to stare at the owl, mystified. She noticed a small pouch strapped to the owl's leg, with a crest gracing the faded leather, looking freshly painted. On the crest reared a regal lion in courageous red, a wily serpent in vivid green, a majestic badger in golden yellow, and a sharp eagle in a deep blue. "What do those animals stand for?" Oliver asked curiously. The owl stared at her, affronted. "What I do," said the owl shortly, "is-" "Bear news. I get it, thanks." Oliver said in exasperation. The owl fluffed his feathers indignantly at being interrupted. The pouch on his leg tilted open and two letters spilled to the ground. One was addressed to Oliver Selwyn and the other to Lyla Bellwether, their names written elegantly in emerald green ink. Without thinking, Oliver moved to grab her letter. Before she could touch that heavy parchment, the owl pecked her sharply on the hand, drawing blood. "Ow!" Oliver rubbed her hand remorsefully. "What was that for?" The owl picked the letters up with his beak and swallowed them whole. "It is not yet time," the owl responded in his matter-of-fact way. He looked at her expectantly, as though waiting. Oliver looked back, examining the owl as she would if solving a difficult maths question. "I guess I've asked the 'why,' and all that's left is to ask the 'where'. Where are you from?" It was hard to tell, but Oliver thought the owl looked pleased. "It is not where I am from. But where you think we are. So where are we?" Oliver thought this was rather unfair, answering a question with a question, but obediently reflected upon it, gazing up at the sky. The stars still shone softly above and the grass tickled beneath her feet. She had been thinking about school the next day, and how she'd have to face Lyla Bellwether's antics again. She'd wake up in the morning in her plushy bed as usual, with covers thrown off because it would be too hot as it usually was in the summer… "But wait!" She exclaimed. "How am I here when I should be in bed?" Oliver spun to face the owl. He was no longer there. She heard a hoot of amusement in the shadows. Oliver got to her feet and ran towards the hooting that was rapidly becoming softer and softer. The stars above her began winking out one by one and the grass grew taller, entwining her legs. Each step was getting harder to take and Oliver felt herself sinking into the plushy ground. She thrashed furiously. "You haven't even answered my questions!" She cried. She heard a whoosh behind her, and a matter-of-fact voice said, "You best be prepared…" Prepared? Prepared for what? Oliver opened her eyes and sat up. A familiar wall with posters of constellations welcomed her. The morning sunlight peeked through the open window, casting a soft pink glow around her bedroom. Her heart was still racing from the fight with the covers threaded around her legs. A clock sitting on a table beside her read a couple minutes past six o'clock. Oliver groaned. In a few hours, she would have to go to school and see Lyla. Picking at a scab that had formed on the back of her hand, Oliver got out of bed to get ready to start the last day of school. Chapter 2: Fair weather, not Bellwether Having woken earlier than she was used to, Oliver was tempted to return to bed, but she couldn't quite shake the feeling something odd had transpired during the night. She washed up absentmindedly and clambered down the stairs, not surprised to find the kitchen empty. Oliver's parents were often at work: gone before she woke up and rarely home in the evenings. If it weren't for the family photos framed on the walls, Oliver was sure she could not recollect her parents' faces. She opened the fridge and peered at its rather meager offerings. Her stomach was growling loudly enough to rival the mean dog owned by Mr. Prewitt, the grouchy old man who lived next door. Reminding herself to get the groceries (ah yes, she could see a few bills slipped under the cookie jar, likely left there by her mother), she grabbed four eggs, six slices of bread, and the almost empty carton of juice. Oliver climbed up the stool that always stood in front of the stove and fried up the eggs with the yolk just runny while the toaster warmed her bread. Not bothering with a plate, she ran to the table with the pan, setting it down on an old bit of newspaper, and grabbed an odd fork that sat forgotten after dinner the night before. In minutes, the pan was empty and Oliver drained the dregs of juice in the carton, burping in satisfaction. She tossed the empty carton into the bin from her seat, caring less about manners as she was the only one at the table. Oliver felt rather unwilling to leave the house any earlier than she needed to, so she picked up the morning paper left behind by her father. Skimming through the news, she hemmed and hawed as she imagined her father might do while reading about the corrupt politicians and the hooligan youths who couldn't be bothered to find decent jobs. When she had even read through the obituary on the last page, Oliver knew she could no longer prolong the inevitable. After triple-tying her shoes, Oliver carefully locked up the house and set upon the familiar path to school. She stared gloomily down at the weeds poking through the cracks on the sidewalk, not even looking up when Mr. Prewitt's dog ran straight up to the fence, yowling at her with breath smelling of dead things and promising rabies. Each step she took brought her closer to Lyla, and if she knew Lyla, she could surmise that the girl had prepared something especially horrible today. On this day last year, Oliver had found a dog turd inside her desk. The classroom had stunk for hours before the teacher had found the smelly thing in her desk, and had sent Oliver home early with a threat to call her parents. Oliver, feeling the injustice of it all, had preferred to console herself in the privacy of her own home instead of staying at school anyhow. She never found out if her parents had heard about the turd. They had not said a word about it to her, but then again, they never did have much to say to their only daughter. This year, however, she would much rather graduate in peace. She paused in her tracks. Yes, it was Year 6, meaning that Oliver would never have