"Nico di Angelo! Why can't you be a tiny bit more like your sister? Why?" A dark man silhouetted in shadows stood up in his black armchair and leaned over the desk. His face stopped a few inches away from a frightened teenage boy, who took a step back in rage. "Stop fucking comparing me to her! She's dead!" the boy shouted angrily, sick of his father's mood swings. "And whose fault is that?" the man shouted. He leaned over more and grabbed the boy's wrist, holding the boy in place. "Whose fault is it that Bianca is dead. It should've been you." "It- wasn't- MY- fault!" Nico spat at his father, turning his head to the side so the man wouldn't see his tears. "Hades, dear, calm down. You're hurting the poor boy." Nico's stepmother said from the door to the office, seeming to have been awoken by the shouting match. "Poor boy, my ass. Listen here, you worthless piece of slime, I am done dealing with your nonsense and absolute failure. Tomorrow, you are not going to school with your friends. Persephone and I have talked about sending you to a boarding school in Maine –" "But that's all the way across the country!" the fourteen year old said outrageously, interrupting his father. "Shut up. I'm speaking. We have the money, we can afford it. Go to your room and pack your bags. Westover Hall for Boys is known for disciplining and turning silly boys like yourselves into men. That's where you're going." The tall man in the red robe grabbed a brochure from the desk in front of him and stuffed it in his son's face. "Go. I don't want to see your face until you're done." Nico let out a small sound of rage and whipped his hand out of his father's grip, running for the stairs. "I hate you! Both of you!" He entered his dark room and didn't bother to turn on the lights. Frustrated tears made their way down his face. He grabbed a comic book from the floor and threw it against the wall, stomping his foot in despair. It isn't fair. He sat himself down on his bed. Quickly mad at himself for yelling and angering his parents, he stood up, almost ripping the drawer out of his closet. His vision blurred with tears and anger, he packed. Somewhere in his mind, the same though kept repeating itself. An all-boys school could be a problem. The next morning, Nico was woken up by light knocking on his bedroom door. He had fallen asleep with his face in his suitcase and drool dripping onto his clean underwear. He sat up and groaned, still very mad. "What?" he said in an irritated tone. "Your car to the airport leaves in an hour, Nico. Are you all packed?" He heard his step mother's woice through the door. "No. I left the brochure downstairs. Can you get it for me?" he said in the same hateful tone. "Yes, dear. I'll also bring you breakfast. Your uniform is hung up in the bathroom. I've left your school supplies outside your door." Persephone said kindly. "I didn't buy any school supplies, Persephone." Nico said, slightly confused. "I took the pleasure of buying them for you this morning." He heard in reply. "Thank you, I guess. What time is it?" "Eleven thirty-three." With that, Nico heard the woman walk back down the stairs. Nico examined what he had packed in his anger last night. Not much apparently. He had taken a traveling trunk from the back of his closet and filled it with some essentials. Underwear, socks, a couple changes of clothes, all of Nico's mythomagic cards, and some toiletries. The boy stood up and grabbed a leather lap top bag from the ledge on his dresser. Standing up with the bag in his grasp, he opened his bedroom door to find a two foot high pile of school materials. I'm gonna need a bigger bag. In this pile of school materials, Nico found the following things. An English textbook named Elements of Language: Grade 9, a science book that weighed more than all that Nico had already packed named Life: a Science, a history book that simply looked scary – Power, Pain, and the Past: World History, a red mathematics textbook whose numbers made Nico dizzy, and about a dozen other things, including notebooks, reading books for school, pencils and markers, along with a brand new black leather bag. Nico dropped his old brown one and spoke loudly, "Thank you, Persephone!" "Not a problem dear. Most of the supplies I got were black, is that okay?" his dad's wife came into view climbing up the stairs, handing him the brochure. "It's perfect!" Nico said, genuinely grateful, last night's events forgotten. His step mom smiled at him. "Good. Now, why don't you go take a shower and look at your uniform? I'll make sure all your belongings get into the trunk. Charon will be driving you." "Okay." Nico returned to his room for a change of underwear and walked into his closet. After getting what he needed, he continued deeper into his closet, until a black door made itself visible. He entered the bathroom, not paying attention as he stripped himself in the mirror with a self-hating glance at his milky pale clear skin, his dark thin eyebrows, and his dark brown eyes. His hair stood up everywhere and Nico could barely get his hand through it. Although Nico loved to eat, every single one of his ribs shown through his skin. The crazy bangs that rested on his forehead made the bags under his eyes darker. His skin whiter. And his thin lips redder. Boy, he was just too much too handle. How did anyone resist this? Nico's grim smirk faded as he entered the hot shower. When he exited, he came face to face with the back of his black door. A uniform hung from it. Four, actually. All of them were of the same color scheme however. One of them, the one hung foremost and center had a white cotton shirt with an orange logo on the top rightside: ᵂᵸ . It had grey pants that were comfortable looking and a brown belt. The outfit beside it was a white dress shirt that had an orange tie hung on its shoulder and a grey wool vest. The pants were the same, but there was no belt. Another white dress shirt hung beside it- an extra. There was also a nice dress jacket, grey in color. Nico assumed it meant he'd have to use the other belt. The third outfit was clearly a gym uniform. Bright orange t-shirt, an extra hung beside it, and grey gym shorts. Since there were no sweat pants, Nico assumed it was an indoor gym. Hidden beside the gym uniform, almost so that Nico didnt see it, was a black and green knee length speedo. Next to it, was one more outfit. An orange polo and brown riding pants. A black belt was looped into the outfit. Nico frowned at the last two. He didn't know how to swim and horses hated him. He quickly changed into the first uniform, with a shout from Persephone that Charon would be here in 30 minutes. He took half a second to tousle his hair with his towel, making sure it looked half presentable. Then again, he'd be getting to the school at around eight PM after a 3 hour plane ride. He'd probably mess it up till then. He finished looping his belt into place and exited his bathroom, all his uniforms in hand as he looked down to find four pair of shoes. Two nice black ones, a pair of black and green running shoes, and knee high riding boots. Looks like this school was really big on rich kid activities. Was Nico a rich kid? Yes. His dad had money. A lot of it. He owned almost all the mines in California. Gold, oil, coal, you name it, and his dad had it. When Nico walked back into his room, all dressed up, he found Persephone waiting for him. She held out a hand for the extra uniforms and folded them nicely, putting them into the trunk. "Your room's a mess, Nico. Breakfast is on the desk." Nico shrugged, heading towards his bed to eat. The both of them continued their tasks in silence. "There's some good news you might like to know." Persephone smiled mischievously at him. "What?" Nico grunted, his mouth full. He was being shipped halfway across the country to some preppy rich kid's school. Seriously didn't think there was much good news. "There's a neighboring girl's school near Westover. Apparently, all the co-ed activities are done with them. You guys share a field, the stables, and a lot of other activities. It's called Yancy Academy for Young Women. Hades told me that someone you might know goes there." "Who?" Nico asked, immediately trying to think of anyone he might know that actually likes him. "Your half-sister, Hazel. Her mother decided it'd be best for her." She smiled at her step-son's reaction. His jaw widened in "Hazel! That's cool. I haven't seen her since last summer." Persephone finished folding the last piece of clothing and stood up. The green silk dress she was wearing hugged her body. She told Nico he had twenty minutes and left. Nico picked up the brochure from the desk where he'd put it on the floor. It listed all the activities the school had to offer, but one particular paragraph about the school itself caught Nico's attention. Our school was founded on the remains of an old fortress built during the 1800s. Back then, it was a building for knights in shining armor. Today, our prized staff have the honor to take your boys and return them to you shining, brave as a knight, and disciplined as can be. Here at Westover Hall for Boys we pride ourselves in our future pupil's success. Nico hated every word in that section. It was such a tedious paragraph. Very unlike him. Nico wasn't studious, he didn't care if what he did was right or wrong as long as he liked it and he didn't do shining. He did glooming. "Nico! Come down to say good bye to your father!" the boy heard his step mom yell from downstairs. He glared at the paper before throwing it to the ground, all of his anger towards his father returning. Without another thought, he grabbed his trunk and his school bag, rushing down the steps. He practically ran right by his father, ignoring him and placing his things into the car. Charon smiled at him. He came back into the house and said a polite good bye to Persephone, cringing when she hugged him tightly. He turned around and was almost out the door before his father spoke up. "Where do you think you're going, young man?" 'Somewhere I don't have to see you every day.' Nico wanted to say so badly' but held back. "To cath a flight." "Without saying goodbye to your father?" Hades asked, actually smiling at him. Nico, as much as he didn't want to smile at that moment, had to work to keep from it and put on a serious face. "If you were my father, you would act like it. Say hello to Bianca's gravestone for me, I'm sure even her gravestone will be better than mine. Bye, father. " Before Hades di Angelo could say another word, his son was out the door and speeding away, anger and misery clouding his focus. When he arrived at Westover Hall, his first thought was that this school suited him. It was dark and huge. Looming and grand. It looked like a medieval castle with towers and fog. He saw a cliff on the horizon, stormy water lapping against the rocks. On the other