Game Over Summary: We may have been reaped for the 13 th annual Hunger Games, but only some of us were playing the game. WARNING: Major Fricking Character Death. Like, can you read? Hunger Games! Tributes, Ages, and Districts: Hazel Levesque 13, and Octavian Mills 17, (1 - Luxury) / Annabeth Chase 16, and Luke Castellan 18, (2 - Masonry) / Charles Beckendorf 18, and Lou Ellen Mage 12, (3 - Electricity) / Perseus Jackson 15, and Rachel Elizabeth Dare 16, (4 - Fishing) / Jason Grace 15, and Thalia Grace 16,(5 - Power) / Leo Valdez 15, and Khione Frost 17, (6 - Transportation) / Clarisse La Rue 18, and Grover Underwood 13, (7 - Lumber) / Drew Tanaka 14, and Chris Rodriguez 18, (8 - Textiles) / Travis Stoll 18, and Kathrine Gardner 17, (9 - Grain) / Frank Zhang 16, and Piper Mclean 15 (10 - Livestock) / Zoe Nightshade 14, and Ethan Nakamura 17, (11 - Farming) / Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano 17, and Nico di Angelo 14, (12 - Mining) Previous Victors (In order of win): 1 st – Hades Shade 18 (D12), 2 nd – Poseidon Agua 17 (D4), 3 rd Jupiter Olympi 16 (D5), 4 th – Athena Gray 17 (D2), 5 th – Mars Armed 18 (D10), 6 th – Artemis Knight 14 (D11), 7 th – Hermes Caduceus 16 (D8), 8 th – Hephaestus Macine 18 (D3), 9 th – Apollo Sky 15 (D1), 10 th – Demeter Grass 17 (D9), 11 th – Ares Marlom 18 (D7), 12 th – Nemesis Venge 18 (D6) Notes: Since it is the 13 th Game, there is only one mentor for each district. In this AU, there can be no volunteers. Some of the gods are genderbent because I didn't think the publicist would be a man. No offense. I would like you guys to tell me who you would rather me kill. I will try to put every ones POVs in there, especially if they are part of the action taking place. My chapters will hopefully exceed 1k words and each POV will have a 500+ word length before being switched. If I want to fit 24 POVs, it won't be easy, sorry. This AU of the pjo is all human. Panem is actually named Titan. The President is Terra Gaea and the game maker is Kronos Thyme. Enjoy and please review. Hazel If there was something worse than being of colored skin in a district full of white people, it was being an orphan in a district full of families. Sadly, both of those things applied to Hazel. Hazel was thirteen years old. Her mother had died giving birth to Hazel and the Capitol of Titan had abducted Hazel and spit her out into District 1, the luxury district. She was born 6 months prior to the first Hunger Games. The Hunger Games were a tradition used to punish the districts for a revolution they had caused exactly thirteen years ago. Twenty-four children of ages 12 to 18 were reaped every year and forced to fight to the death in an arena. Only one survived. "There used to be thirteen districts," Ms. Minerva had told the class one day, "but District 13 revolted and was destroyed." Titan, which was the name of the country, had made huge advances in technology when they first took over North America. The Capitol was in control of Titan and all the districts. Some of the districts had huge numbers in poverty and lacked food. The Capitol? It was rich in every sense of the word. At least that's what Hazel understood. Even though District 1 was favored by the Capitol, they only favored the people who made progress. One third of the district people collected rare metals, the second third used those rare metals to create all sorts of luxury products, and the last third made a living by selling things everyone needs. Any poverty in the district lived on the outskirts of the manufacturing area. The district was large and just like the people, it was divided in three. The largest section found and manufactured all the goods and shipped them to the Capitol. The second largest was where the majority of District 1 lived. This was where Hazel lived in the district orphanage. It was in the center of the district, and all of the shops were found there. The mayor of District 1, Mayor Grant Heracles, lived in the big house that made up one side of the plaza. He was an arrogant man who had affairs with various women, none of them his wife, Hebe Heracles. The smallest section of the district was a collection of big and luxurious houses. Only one of those houses was lived in. They were for the Victors of the games. Apollo Sky lived in that house with his little sister, Arty Sky. Apollo won the 4thnd Games at age sixteen. His parents had died in a freak accident when one of the jewelry factories caught fire. Hazel had been too young to watch his games, but Ms. Minerva had told the class all about him. He was now twenty-five years old. You might think since Hazel was still thirteen that the orphanage would provide her with her needs. Actually, not quite. There was only one other orphan in the orphanage: Sammy Valdez (1) . Sammy and Hazel were fed two meals a day by a peace keeper who ran the orphanage. They were given two changes of clothes. They were given nothing else but a room in which to live in. They had one blanket each but no bed or pillow. After school (which was free), they were forced to work in the factory till six o'clock. Then a meal and off to bed. They never got lunch. Her name was in the bowl 6 times due to the need for tesserae, grain you got for putting your name in the bowl again. For the wealthiest district (as Ms. Minerva had told them District 1 was the wealthiest) it didn't put all that much effort into orphans. Sammy and Hazel made the best of it though. They laughed (thank Sammy for that), they did small jobs for the wealthier people in town and made a little extra cash, and they stayed together. Last Christmas Sammy had bought Hazel a couple pieces of drawing paper and some crayons and Hazel had kissed him on the cheek. Although it wasn't the best life, Hazel sure didn't want it to be ruined. (1-Sammy and Leo can have the same last name because they are twins separated by the war) Octavian "Oy, Dakota, get out of my way," Octavian snarled. Although he was the size of a tooth pick and barely 6 feet tall, Dakota listened to him. The guy moved to the side and let him stab the dummy that hung there. It was better that way. Octavian knew that if they were going to start a fight, Dakota was most likely going to win. Plus, fighting wasn't his style. He'd rather talk his way out of trouble and talk his enemy's way into humiliation and cowardice. Here in District 1, nobody liked a coward. In some ways, Octavian could be categorized as one. And that's why he was abusing some dummy in the middle of the training center. Because cowardice was a thing he despised, especially in himself. When he was certain that the dummy was broken down into fluff, Octavian turned around and faced Gwendolyn Rashely. "See? Any idiot can stab someone. It takes a person with a certain level of intelligence to stay alive." Octavian sneered at Gwen. The two were in the middle of an argument about the Hunger Games and the statement that sent the two at each other's throats had come out of Dakota's mouth not five minutes ago. "Anyone can win the games," he had said. That of course, started an uproar. Gwen gave Octavian a big fat smirk. "An idiot like you wouldn't last an hour in those games. You don't even take them seriously. I bet if they let us volunteer they would hear you all over Titan." She did a bad imitation of Octavian, "I volunteer! I volunteer!" The people around them laughed. Octavian really wished he had an ounce of muscle to use against Gwen. But he didn't, not quite. Octavian narrowed his eyes and steamed. "Oh, shut up!" Gwen was about to say something else when Hylla, the best trainer in District 1, interrupted, "What's going on here?" When no one said anything, she snorted. "Just as I thought. Now, if you don't plan on doing anything useful, get out." Everyone obeyed. Hylla wasn't the type of person you wanted to whoop your ass the day before the reaping. Yes, Octavian couldn't believe it. Tomorrow was the start of the 13th annual Hunger Games. Octavian left the training center and walked back to his home. He lived with his Aunt Delphi in a small two story house. His aunt chose not to work at the factory and instead had her own shop in the plaza. A small perfumery that made surprisingly good business. Octavian loved his aunt. She told him stories of what it was like before the war. He was only 4 years of age when he was left parentless and under the care of his aunt in District 1. She told him myths of gods and monsters and lives that were lost thousands of years ago. When he finally arrived home, Octavian let himself in and called a greeting to his aunt before heading upstairs and into his room. He opened a closet door and quickly pulled out what he had prepared months ago. A purple dress shirt and beige dress pants. Brown, clean shoes and a plain white undershirt. This is what he would wear tomorrow. This is what he would look like when he stood in front of the entire country of Titan. Octavian prayed to any god that could hear him that his name would be reaped. After all, it was in the bowl 25 times. Annabeth Miranda's kick nearly hit its target before Annabeth stopped it. She threw a right hook toward her opponents chin but found it blocked. She brought back her hand just in time to block the kick to her ribs and grabbed Miranda's foot. She fainted a punch with her left hand and pulled Miranda's leg under her while the girl was distracted. Annabeth let go of the girl's foot and tackled her. Miranda pushed one of her knees between them and kneed Annabeth hard in the gut. Using the distraction to her advantage, Miranda soon had her fore arm to Annabeth's throat and her knee on her chest. Annabeth however, saw the chink in Miranda's hold and slipped her hand out of the girl's grasp, punching her square in the face. She pushed her off and stood. "You good?" Annabeth asked, the string of cuss words coming from Miranda signifying the end of the battle. A moan could be heard from the girl on the ground. "The next time you ask me if I want you to go easy on me, ignore whatever comes out of my mouth and do it," she said. She slowly took the hand being offered to her and stood up. "Gods, Annabeth." Annabeth chuckled and ignored the urge to say, "I told you so." Instead, she said, "Will do. You still up for another round?" Miranda chuckled and brought her hand up to her eye. "I don't think so. I'll be lucky if my eye isn't purple tomorrow." "I'm so–," Annabeth tried but her friend interrupted her. "No, you're not, so shut up. Here comes Luke. Go show him what you can do." Miranda winked at her. "He can do what I do twice as easily. Have you seen him? And don't wink at me. You know I'm over him." "Whatever