Chapter One- The Future- Blood Ritual (A/N) OK. Hello, everyone! A few warnings before we begin. Firstly, if you came here for romance, you will leave dissatisfied . If the HG/SB does become real here, it will be only briefly. That isn't to say there won't be love. If unrequited love is your thing, I think this may be the story for you. You'll understand what I mean later. Secondly, this may take a while to be completed. It's already been several years. However, it will be completed, no matter how long it takes. I have everything outlined, so it shouldn't take too long. Just stick around. Third and most importantly, thank you so much for reading this! Reviews, follows, and favorites are more appreciated than you know. If you have anything at all to say, please say it. If it's to tell me that my story is awful, that's cool. I would appreciate it if you'd tell me why, but just letting me know is great. If it's to point out plot inconsistencies or to ask questions, that's fantastic! Please do! Disclaimer: Anything you recognize does not belong to me. That's why this story is here, on a site specifically for fanfiction. This disclaimer covers the whole work. Please enjoy my story, and thank you for clicking on it. You're all awesome. Where there had been so much noise, there was now a silence which rang in the ears of every self-styled warrior. It was as if a spell had been cast, but there was nothing magical about the dumb shock choking out all sound. No. No . Harry. Hermione Granger dropped down to the snowy ground, hardly aware of the freezing water soaking through the ragged knees of her jeans. She crawled, one filthy, scraped hand dragging her forward. The other would not support her weight, and she didn't try to convince it to. Harry, she needed to go to him, needed to help him— Even that was denied her. A masked Death Eater reached down and pulled her up by her braid. The pain registered distantly. She didn't struggle, not even when the Death Eater's grip transferred from her hair to her wrists. Her gaze, like everyone's, was glued to Harry Potter's prone, lifeless form. His face was turned toward Hermione. His eyes were open, cold. It wasn't supposed to happen this way. They were supposed to find a way to Hogwarts from Hogsmeade, and then find the Diadem in the Room of Requirement and destroy it. They were supposed to go after Voldemort then. They never even got past Hogsmeade before someone raised the alarm. She'd told him it was too dangerous, but Harry had been nearly mad in his grief over Ginny's murder. He'd been furious with her for trying to stop him, and he'd decided that he was going with or without her. Hermione would have followed him anywhere, so she did. For all the good their love had been, Harry was dead. He'd gone where she couldn't follow. The moment of hush had lasted only a few seconds. "This is your Savior? " Voldemort called. "This is what you've placed all your hope in?" He cackled, and that harsh sound triggered laughter around the street. Death Eaters laughed with relief, at first quietly and just one or two and then growing. Hermione watched as Voldemort placed his bare foot atop Harry's face, over his cheek, and pushed his face in the dirt. Voldemort met her eyes as he did so, and Hermione wanted to wipe the gloating triumph from his snake-like face. Her fists clenched and unclenched. There was nothing she could do. Nothing. A sob caught in her throat, but she refused to cry. She couldn't look anymore. Harry wasn't the only fallen comrade. Some of the villagers had come to help fight once they'd discovered that their Savior, the Face of the Light, was out there. Most of them lay dead in the dirt. It was a testament to the brevity of the battle that Hermione herself was still alive. She didn't suppose that would last for long, her being a Mudblood. The wind picked up, and with it came another scent besides blood and dust. Hermione had only a moment to make her decision, but she trusted her gut. She tore out of the Death Eater's grasp and ran against the wind, pushing through the crowd to reach open air. At last she could make out the pounding of many footsteps, and Hermione's relief was so great she could have burst. The teachers and older students of Hogwarts had come to join the battle, led by Professor McGonagall. Their wands were drawn. Hermione darted forward and into the safety of their ranks, gripping her own wand in a shaking hand. She kept to the front, although every instinct told her to take refuge in the middle. "You've come too late!" Voldemort crowed, and kicked the throat of the corpse at his feet. "Your precious Harry Potter is dead!" He seemed to take a perverse joy in the expansion of his audience, which didn't surprise Hermione in the slightest. He'd always been one for theatrics. Hermione watched Professor McGonagall in her peripheral vision. The older woman's face crumpled, seeming to age before Hermione's eyes, but she pulled herself out of her sorrow and hardened. She raised her wand and flicked her wrist, sending the first spell. As if that were a signal, the lightshow resumed, and through it all Voldemort laughed, high and exultant. "Reducto!" Hermione cried, sending a spell of her own into the opposing mob. She and the Headmistress exchanged glances for a brief moment before moving together, bodies twisting to avoid the worst of the returning volley but never separating too far or too long. When Hermione could spare the thought power, she admired the precision and might of Professor McGonagall's spellwork. As impressive as their leader was, it wasn't enough. They were losing too many. Hermione knew it, the Headmistress knew it, but Hermione refused to let go. With a small army at her back she'd regained her determination, and with the rush of adrenaline came the boil of vengeance. She may not be able to kill Voldemort, but she might just be able to cripple his forces. "Retreat!" Professor McGonagall cried, and those who were still alive fell back. Hermione did not, even when Professor McGonagall stopped covering her back. "I said retreat , Hermione!" A hand grabbed Hermione's arm with unearthly strength and pulled, and Hermione howled with rage as the Headmistress Apparated them both away. *|II8II|* It took days of gruelling effort, but they took back Hogwarts. That was a fair consolation prize to Professor McGonagall. The fraction of students who still lived were sent home, and only fighters remained. The castle was cold with its dearth of living beings, and even colder with the drastic increase in the dead. The ghosts were often confused and afraid, sometimes angry, and the first weeks of living in the castle were spent soothing them. In the meantime, Hermione watched as the Light collapsed, family by family. They surrendered easily, and as much as Hermione wanted to she couldn't blame them. Without Albus Dumbledore or Harry Potter the morale had disintegrated overnight. Professor McGonagall did her best, but it wasn't enough. The outside world had changed. Voldemort and his army ruled over Wizarding Britain, and within days the newspapers stopped printing about the people's fear and started printing propaganda. Hermione read them anyway, searching for the bits of truth the writers may let slip. Among those who spoke the truth, whether in whispers or in graffiti, Voldemort gained a new name. When he wasn't called the Dark Lord, he was called the Cold One. His old monikers, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named and You-Know-Who, vanished from conversation. He was no longer an evil in the shadows. Everyone knew his face, now, and his word was law. Most had given up, stopped resisting, in the hopes that their lives and their children's' lives would be spared. It was, perhaps, the intelligent choice, but Hermione would never join their numbers. She had nothing left to lose. She would sooner die than bow her head to him. Even if she did, she didn't have the advantage of good breeding. She would likely be killed either way. Voldemort's world had no place for her. At least she wasn't alone. Many of her professors had stayed behind to fight at Professor McGonagall's back, effectively abandoning the rest of their lives. She walked among them as their equal. "Call me Minerva," insisted Professor McGonagall shortly after the official Surrender. "You are no student, not anymore." Hermione didn't want to let that piece of her life go, but she accepted the offer anyway. *|II8II|* It was a lucky shot, from someone else's opponent, and Minerva went down. Hermione dragged Minerva out of the way of further damage. Tears dripped down her face and mingled with the blood on the stone ground as she tried helplessly to heal her. "Minerva? Minerva, stay with me. We need you here." Her voice trembled as she applied spell after spell. Minerva died anyway. Hermione didn't know enough to save her. She never knew enough, in the end. *|II8II|* "Hermione? Please come out. You need to eat something." Pomona Sprout knocked on the doors in a fluttery one-two-three, and Hermione looked up, wondering whether she should have revised her wards to block out sound. This wasn't the first time someone had come by to check on her. Pomona was likely just as frazzled as Hermione was. Hermione knew that, knew that she wasn't alone in her grief, but it didn't make her feel better. In fact, she hated it, hated that this emptiness wasn't her burden alone to bear, hated that anyone else had to feel this way. It had been days, and Hermione had taken that time to surround herself with books. The titles ranged from such benign topics as The Delicate Art of Healing to Blood Wards and everything in between. The wall was so high that Hermione could no longer see her surroundings, and she liked it better that way. "Please, Hermione, you'll waste away in there. I know you're grieving, but you don't have to do it by yourself. " Hermione closed her eyes, ignoring how her eyelids felt like sandpaper. She was wrung out. There were no tears left to cry. But to crawl out of her hole and rejoin the world, to find another leader to follow, to look her comrades in the eye and have them all know that she hadn't been able to save Minerva— it was a harrowing idea. She wasn't ready. "We need someone, Hermione. Please." There was a new note in Pomona's voice, a helpless plea. She sounded so small, so scared. She was saying that Hermione wouldn't need to find someone to follow. She was saying that Hermione had been chosen to lead. No, of course not. She couldn't possibly accept that, couldn't accept that responsibility. She wasn't even nineteen! She didn't know enough, wasn't wise enough, she couldn't lead them . But it wasn't up to her, was it? Who would take Minerva's place if not her? Who would be able to lead? Who had that kind of strength? Hermione pushed herself to her feet, feeling the frailty of her muscles as they barely managed to hold her up. She flicked her wand, sending the books back to their places. Her vision swam, but Hermione grit her teeth and dragged herself to the door. The moment she released the wards, Pomona yanked the doors open and caught Hermione in a motherly embrace. Some time later, she woke up in the Hospital Wing. Madame Poppy Pomfrey bustled around her bed, preparing a set of potions. She was the only patient, so Hermione felt it was safe to assume that they were for her. "Drink these," Poppy ordered, and Hermione complied. "Not