I hate how Bella is human...so I made her a wolf :) I got bored one night and wrote this on my phone and continued it onto my laptop. Here's some story line changes we need to discuss: Wolves don't change by vampire presence, they change when their body is ready to accept two hosts (both man and wolf), or is in peril/life is in immediate danger. Strong emotion (Rage, sadness, anxiety, etc) can also trigger a shift. Also, they don't have to be Native American to be a wolf, but they're not werewolves so no lycanthropy (I.e. Biting to turn). Set in beginning of New Moon, no Victoria, James or Laurent. Wolves come into play way earlier than the books. Also…NO IMPRINTING. There will be bonding between mates but other than that, there's no "no choice of the soul imprinting" thing going on here. Plus, vampires in this have a change as well. Being torn apart by wolves is death. Burning them is just an easy way to cover up their existence. I don't like how burning them instantly is necessary to kill. Cause they're not zombies, their severed limbs cant crawl back to them…just…ew... Wolf ages will range from 28 to 12. Enjoy! Spring, 2015 She sat naked in the middle of the woods, her fingers curling around a dying flower. Her world had done a 360 on her again...First, there were vampires. The Cullen's were frequent fliers when it came to Forks. Jasper, new to their animal blood diet, still had some trouble when it came to restraint. So when he scented her blood when she pricked it on a present for her birthday? He lost all control and attacked her. But when he did, something happened that no one expected. In that moment, when both Edward and Emmett's strength failed, her body took hold. When Jasper was a few feet away from her, the animal spirit inside her came to life, protecting her. Her clothes ripped, her claws shredded the floor as she shifted into a giant wolf. Jet black fur replaced soft pale skin as she stood her ground on the thirsty vampire. Growling, she prepared to defend herself, but Jasper froze, mid craving, and skidded to a stop. "Bella...you're a wolf?" Edward was shocked. "But how? You smelled like a human this whole time..." Her growling ceased as she looked at him with soft eyes. ' I don't know Edward. I don't know what I am. But I...I thought I was going to be killed by him. I thought I was going to die .' Her ears flattened and she bared her teeth, straightening to her full height. She quickly towered over all the vampires. 'You couldn't protect me, when I needed you the most. I don't want you anymore. We are done.' She growled out the last bit, snapped at him once and bolted out the side door, breaking the frame. Running through the dark forest until she felt safe, she finally settled into an open field. As she walked, she felt her own skin come back to her as her wolf form slowly faded back to human. Laying on her back and gazing at the stars, she took a moment to revel in the new findings of herself. She was a wolf. Her human body had changed as well. She was slightly taller, more muscular, and balanced. She felt put together finally, like she had been waiting her whole life for this...And who knows if there were others like her. Sitting up, she played with a nearby flower, her mind lost to its simplicity… It was early morning when she heard a lone howl, far off to the west. 'Pack,' she thought as she felt energy in her again as she sprung to her feet. Mid stride, she shifted into her wolf as she galloped towards the reservation. 'I'm coming brother.' She howled her anxiousness as she ran harder. Suddenly, from the right, she saw a dark figure running towards her. She swung right as she barked at the massive shape. Getting its attention, it skidded to a stop. Another wolf, like her. She caught its scent: male and earth. Turning his head, he looked at her. 'Who are you?' His ears flattened a little. 'I do not know you,' She snarled a little, her ears forward, claiming dominance between the two. 'My name is Bella Swan. I shifted last night into a wolf. And you are? ' Seeing him submit, she felt pride and power in her. She had become an Alpha. 'My name is Sam Uley. I've been a wolf for a while now. And I thought it was just me. I've been running the woods looking for others. Do you know any?' She huffed. 'No, I just found out about this last night. I was attacked by a vampire. Next thing I knew? I was all fur.' His eyes seemed to widen. 'Vampire? There's vampires too?' He walked closer to her, the pack bond becoming more solidified. 'Dude you're a wolf...' She pointed out. 'Do you have a safe place where I can turn back? Apparently we're naked when we shift.' If he could, he would've smiled. 'Yeah, you can come by my place. Emily should have some clothes for you.' As they ran through the woods, she suddenly felt something else. Like there was someone else there. He must have felt it too cause they stopped at the same time. Scenting the air, she couldn't catch anything at first. 'You felt that too right? I'm not just freaking out?' His ears were on a swivel as he scanned the area. 'Yeah I got it too. It felt like we weren't alone anymore...' 'Right? What the hell...' Her thought was interrupted by a howl close by. It almost sounded pained...She looked at Sam quickly. 'Another wolf?' As they both ran towards the howl, they were suddenly assaulted with a painful emotion. It was so intense they almost had to stop. 'Why do I feel so much pain?' Sam whined . 'It hurts.' She snarled at the feeling too. 'Who ever this is, they're in pain. We need to help. Now!' Running harder than ever, they finally reached a small cabin on the edge of the reservation. Blood instantly filled their nose, as well as the scent of death . 'Be careful,' Bella whined as she stalked quietly around the corner of the shed. There, lying in the grass by the wood pile, was a woman. Her eyes were fixed and dilated. She wasn't moving. 'I found a body.' She called to Sam. He trotted over and sniffed. There was a strange scent on the body, one they couldn't identify... 'I know her. That's Becka. Jake's sister...' They noticed the bloody streaks that were torn into her clothing and skin. 'What happened to her? ' Sam whined. 'I don't-' A shuffling next to them interrupted Bella. Curled up in a massive ball of fur, was a grey wolf. 'How had we missed that? ' She walked over slowly. 'Hey, are you okay? What happened?' The wolf whimpered and refused to uncurl itself. Nudging her nose into his face, she tried to show she wasn't here to harm him. His scent was of cedar mixed with dune grass. Finally, he unraveled a little, accepting the comfort. Sam came over too, inspecting the pup. 'Hey man, what's your name?' The wolf looked up, ears flattened back. 'My name is Paul Lahote...I just...I found her like this...' He whined, unable to look away from the mangled body. 'She was my girlfriend...I just came home and she...was like this.' 'You don't know who did this?' Bella asked again. Suddenly, Paul's wolf became aggressive, and stood up. 'I sure as fuck didn't do this!' Snarling, his hackles raised . 'When I found her, I became this! A fucking wolf!' He stopped his foot in frustration. Bella instantly growled back, her Alpha power coming forward. 'Don't get angry with me, I had nothing to do with this.' She snapped her teeth at him, causing him to submit as he showed his neck to her. 'We didn't do this. We felt your pain and came to help.' She softened a little. 'I'm sorry for your loss, but you don't need to attack us for this. We're here to help.' Paul rose from his position, feeling accepted by an Alpha and a Beta that stood before him. They clued in both Charlie and the Council about their new abilities, and soon, the whole Reservation knew. They became celebrities, both loved and hated for what they were. They were the 'Secret of LaPush'. And for a while, Bella, Sam and Paul were the only ones. That is, until Jacob Black heard the news of his sister's murder when he had come home from college overseas. He exploded into a reddish brown wolf, furious with rage and hurt. And for a while, he blamed Paul for her death. It wasn't until the four of them came across a rogue vampire in Port Angeles did they find out the truth. As soon as Paul caught the scent, he gripped Bella's arm suddenly, almost spilling her drink. "Paul, what the fu-" "You smell that?" All four of them turned their nose to the sky. It was the scent they couldn't figure out. The one on Becka... "Where's that coming from?" Sam asked quietly, his eyes scanning the patio deck. "Him." Jake clenched his fist as he stared down a blonde ponytailed man wearing a leather jacket that bellied up to the bar. "It's coming from him." He growled out. "Easy Jake. We can't expose ourselves here." Sam whispered harshly. Both he and Paul were fixed on this man, ready to tear him apart. "Fuck that." Paul snapped. "We take him outside." He went to walk forward, but Bella stopped him, a firm hand on his chest. He couldn't disobey his Alpha. "No. You do that and our cover is fucked." When she sniffed the air, something struck her mind. "Holy shit..." "What?" Sam gazed at her. "What is it?" "I know what that scent is...fuck, he's a vampire. I remember smelling that scent at the Cullen's place when I shifted." She looked at Jake. "Why was your sister around a vamp?" He instantly glared. "How the fuck should I know? I was away in Amsterdam remember?" He looked at Paul. "Do you-" "No I don't. But I'm gonna find out." "We ALL are. But we have to plan this out. We can't just shift here and rip him apart." She set her drink down. "I have an idea." A few minutes later, Bella slowly made her way to the bar. Raising her hand, she caught the bar tender's attention...as well as the blonde male. "A shot of Patron please?" She asked innocently. The man behind the bar smiled, nodded and grabbed a glass. When she sat down, she was a seat away from the vampire, as she waited for her drink. "Put that on my tab will you?" The blonde finally spoke as he smiled over at Bella. "A beautiful lady should never buy her own drinks." That's all it took for the hook, line and sinker. She had him played in nicely. After a while later, and faking drunk, she yawned. "Man, I'm pretty messed up. I should head home." Fumbling with her jacket, she got up from the bar, and stumbled a little. His red eyes turned dark with desire. She all but looked like easy pickings... "You shouldn't drive miss. Let me take you home." As he paid the barkeep, he held out his arm. "Shall we?" She smiled obnoxiously as she took it and walked out their car. Once they made it back to Paul's, she could sense his mood had changed. "You live here?" "Yeah I bought it a year ago. Some guy lost his wife here I guess. Killed himself out by the shed. Such a