Bella/Paul/Jake (double imprint) What happens when a girl is meant for two wolves? How will they react? Set in New Moon after Edward leaves her and Jake has phased. Threesome, pairings, M/F/M, basically pure smut cause I can ;) 18+ for Mature audiences only (swearing, sex, adult themes all around). Only own the idea, not the characters. Don't get paid in money, just in compliments. Btw, Bella isn't shy or awkward. She's a firecracker ever since Edward left and Jake phased. Jake and Paul will call each other "brother" in this. Not because they're related but because they're pack brothers. They're friends that share a close bond and consider themselves family. So no it's not incest or any form of sex between family members. Just wanted to clarify. Buckle yourself in cause this is a long one! Enjoy! :) Bella stood as Jake and Paul fought viciously as wolves. Snarls and yelps combined with flashes of grey and red fur were almost too much for her. She had just confronted the four shirtless guys about Jake not wanting to do with anything they had in mind and to leave him alone. Then Paul laughed at her after he met her eyes, and she had slapped him. When he shifted out of anger, Jake had come running out of the house and shifted as well, aiming to protect her. When Sam had shifted and stopped the fight, Embry and Jared were left standing next to her. "Man, this is some twisted shit." Embry commented as the three horse sized wolves exchanged low growls. "I know right? How do they both imprint on the same chick?" Jared spoke in disbelief. "What's imprint?" Bella chimed in. "What are you fucking talking about? Is that why they were fighting?" Both boys groaned, already annoyed by the fact they had to explain what just went down. Before they could speak, the black wolf Sam came over slowly. Shifting mid stride, he stood up tall, his face stern. They two parted as he walked by, their heads hung in submission. "Bella, there's a great deal we need to talk to you about. But right now, the boys have to discuss something with you." He nodded to Jared and Embry, who followed him into the woods, leaving Jake and Paul retrieving their clothes. Once dressed, the both approached her slowly. "Bella, we uh, I'm sorry if we scared you." Jake spoke quietly. "I'm sorry too baby girl, we weren't expecting this to happen." Paul chirped. She had only just met him and she already felt flushed by his nickname for her. "What exactly happened? Cause they," She yelled as she pointed in the direction the other three wolves went. "Didn't explain shit to me. So one of you better fucking talk." Paul's face was instantly filled with a smirk. "Ooh, I like her already Jake. She's got a mouth on her." He earned a glare from Jake. "Bella, as wolves, something happens to us that is rare but is a life changer." "Besides phasing into a huge wolf." Paul quickly added. They were both so close to her, she could feel their body heat radiating off their well-toned bodies. Being in the middle of these two gorgeous men had her panting slightly. Their close proximity caused a reaction from her, one she didn't fully understand. 'How am I turned on right now? They haven't even touched me.' She thought to herself. Paul was the first to comment on her sudden behavior. "Damn baby girl. I can smell you, you know that right?" He stepped in closer and moved a strand of hair off of her neck and leaned into the nape of her neck. Jake instantly sniffed the air and instinctively moved closer. "Shit Bella..." Jake groaned. "You smell really good right now..." His own hands moving on her waist, gripping into her hips. "Fuck yeah she does..." Two men on either side of her, closing in. She felt her entire core light up in flames. Instinctively, she rubbed her thighs together, getting friction that electrified her. It was Paul's teeth nipping her skin that brought her attention back. Gasping, she finally acknowledged the situation she was in: One of Paul's hands was locked around her ribcage while the other was on the other side of her neck, pulling her towards him. Jake had moved in front of her, his hands on her ass, as he ground his hips into hers. She could feel his hard length through his denim against her lower belly. She moaned at the tension between the three of them. "Think she wants us Jake..." Paul growled into her neck. She gasped, the heat of his breath sent shivers of pleasure down her spine. Taking his hands, Jake wove them into her hair, forcing her to look at him. "Mmm..." He moaned. "Bells, if you don't want this, you need to stop us now." His gaze shifted from her eyes, to her lips and back, a silent plea that she didn't say no. "Cause if you don't," Paul whispered into her neck. "We won't." Unaware of herself licking her bottom lip, Jake took it as a sign as he leaned in and kissed her. Eagerly kissing him back, she moaned at the contact. One of Paul's hands disappeared under her shirt and gently rubbed her back. "That's it baby girl. Don't say no to us." Seeing her accept them, he placed her shirt back to where it belonged, and put a gentle hand on Jake's shoulder. "Hey brother." Growling, Jake tore his lips away from Bella, his attention now on Paul. "As much as I'd love to be balls deep in her right now," His hand had risen to the back of her neck, massaging it slowly. The slow gyrating of his hand was egging her on more... "We seriously need to take this indoors." Jake sighed defeated. Paul was right. "Sure, sure." He gazed at Bella once more. "Bells, we do have to talk to you about... this ," He made a triangular motion between the three of them. Her hand went up and gently rested on Paul's arm while her other hand rested on Jake's chest. " 'This,' being why I feel like a bitch in heat for the two of you?" Paul bit his lower lip as he looked up at the sky. This girl was getting him in trouble fast... "Let's head to my place. I live on my own." Paul asserted. He grabbed her chin, and looked into her eyes. "Out there, no one can hear you scream our names as we take you." Before she could speak, he pulled her forward, searing his lips with hers. When she gasped, his tongue swept forward, wrestling hers into submission. She let out a whimper when he grabbed her hair, pulled her back from him, and growled into her neck. "We're both wolves baby girl. We're dominant," He spoke slowly as he nuzzled into her neck. She felt Jake's rigid body close in, pressing on the other side of her. "We're hungry," a nip on her neck from Jake. "And we don't take no for an answer," as he released her, she felt like a dam had let loose in her core. Her pussy was soaked from the dual heated attention she got. Paul looked over her at Jake. "You drive, I tease?" With a smirk and a nod, Jake jogged off towards the old Chevy his dad had given her when she moved back from Arizona. Dazed, Bella didn't process what they meant until Paul turned her towards him, lifted her up by her waist, and walked towards the now rumbling truck. Her legs wrapped around his hips, and as she did, she accidentally ground into him. His length responded, hardening against her. "Fuck, baby girl." He nuzzled the tops of her breasts. "The things you do to me." Pressing gentle kisses to her collarbone, her hands wove their way into his short dark hair. "Paul," she groaned. This shit was hotter than she ever had with Edward. He was always so careful...so awkwardly shy about his affections. But not Paul...He was a hot blooded male who craved her. Both he and Jacob were driving her insane. And they weren't afraid to show it. "Yeah, you like that baby girl?" His fingers dug into her ass, as he thrusted forward. He opened the truck door with one hand, while keeping her balanced on his waist with the other. Setting her inside, she scooted into the middle of the cab. She wasn't expecting the rough kiss she got from Jacob while Paul made his way in. When he pulled away, his breath was shaky. "You're ours Bella. We're gonna make sure you never forget that." He put the truck in reverse, and quickly backed out of his driveway. Putting it into first, he floored the ancient truck down the road towards Paul's. Half way there, Paul drew her closer to him, gently playing with her fingers with his own. "You aren't used to this kind of attention huh?" He asked huskily. She quickly shook her head no, her shyness coming back. "No I...when I was with Edward, he never even tried. He was too scared to lose control." Jake gripped the stirring wheel roughly. "Did he ever hurt you Bells?" She quickly turned and put a reassuring hand on his shoulder. "No, no Jacob. Nothing like that. He was afraid his hunger would get to be too hard on him. He barely touched me as is." Paul's fingers ghosted up her arm, his breath hot on her skin. "Well, we aren't afraid to show you. Imagine what we can do for you Bella." Her eyes widened and she looked at him. "Say that again...my name...say it." He grinned. "Don't worry, you'll hear me say it over and over," he leaned in and kissed her neck. "While I thrust hard and deep..." Her hand absentmindedly reached back and gripped Jacob's thigh. He groaned as he wove his hand with hers. "Soon Bells," he glanced at her and his pack brother get lost in each other's touch. "We'll both have you soon." What seemed like hours later, they finally reached Paul's isolated cabin. Shutting off the engine, all three caught the tension again as Jake opened his side first, and helped Bella hop out. Paul rounded the front of the truck and jogged to the front door. Meanwhile, Jacob had pinned her to the driver side door, kissing her hungrily. His fingers gripped the tops of her hips, palms roughly massaging her closer to him. Coming up for air, he kissed her forehead. "Bella, I have to ask. You never had sex with him right?" "Not him no." His head inclined in question. "Then with who?" "There was a guy when I lived back in Arizona. His name was Kalen. We messed around one night and it led to sex." "Sucks I don't get to be your first but, given the situation, I'm kinda glad." He took her hand and led her to the house where Paul was waiting on the porch. There was a serious, dark look in his eyes. "Before we get back to it, we need to talk to you about us imprinting." Paul said sternly. Jake dropped her hand and stood by his brother. "Right now, it's undecided exactly why we imprint on people. Some say it's to make the wolf better. Others say it's for breeding. Whatever the reason, we don't get to choose who we imprint on, our wolves do." Bella suddenly didn't like how distant they were with her. Paul continued on. "When we do imprint, our wolf is bound to that person. They become our world. If the bond becomes strong enough, we can even feel their emotions, or sense when they're nearby or in trouble." Paul looked her up and down once. "Like right now, I can tell you don't like the distance