This is for the Nicercy contest that Takara Phoenix started. I can already hear the millions of keys tapping away by the other contestants who wishes to make their own Nicercy fanfic too. XD so, enjoy this sappy romance of our favorite Ghost King and his little Sea Prince. Kuro: You do realize this might be the last fanfic you make for 2015, right? Me: Don't remind me T_T Mii-kun: In case you are all wondering, Lu-chan has to use up her time on 2015 on studies so, she doesn't have much time to type away on her stories. Me: OTL Blame the damn SPM for that… Kuro: It could be worse. Me: == Don't jinx it! Mii-kun: Um…Any more words for the readers? Me: Ah yes! For the couples everywhere, please enjoy this early (Very early, I must tell you) Valentine's Day fanfic and be sure to enjoy the loving holiday of what Aphrodite and Eros are popular for XD – AndbecarefulfortheevilplansthatgoddessoflovehasplanningwhenV-Dayishere-. PLEASE READ AND REVIEW! :D Kuro: Lu-chan does not own PJatO. Mii-kun: They belong to Rick Riordan. Main Pairings: Nicercy – duh-, Jason x Leo Side Pairings: Reyna x Annabeth, Will x Jake, Frank x Hazel. Adjustments: In this fanfic, Nico never got to confess to Percy like in the book. "-And did you see the way he burst into flames when he got really happy at the time that I-" "For the love of Hades, Jason, go court him already!" Nico growls a bit after the torturing hours of Jason talking about a certain firebug whose name is known as a meaning of the word lion. Normally, Nico wouldn't interrupt Jason's fantasy but Leo has been waiting obviously for Jason to ask him out for the past months . "You're one to talk, Mr. I-Love-Jackson." "That because I know I got no chance with you-know-who." Nico grumbles. " You , however, have a chance. Just ask Leo to go on a date with you for tomorrow!" The two boys are hanging out in the lake of their beloved Camp Half-Blood. The Second Giant war is over and the demigods have been busy for one of the most well-known holiday for the land of the living that's coming up tomorrow. Valentine's Day Yes, the day couples can rejoice. The day cities are covered in decorations of red hearts and large 'I Love You' posters. The day Aphrodite can spread loads of love and (dangerous) ideas into the mortal's love life like a busy(-body) bee. And the day Nico ends up reminded that he'll die old and alone, always pining for a certain, cute-ass demigod who's truly the most oblivious person Nico has ever meet yet. Perseus Jackson, son of Poseidon and hero of Camp Half-Blood. The Sea Prince. Why did he fall for a guy who can never be his, only Aphrodite knows the answer. He could've easily get someone else, thanks to his growth spurt that had him be half a head taller than Jackson, the training he did to keep himself fit and –after much complaining from his father about getting more social- the generous dose of being more friendly (as friendly as an emo-like guy can be) after spending more time with his friends. And, thanks to the mother hen Will and a comforting Jake, he finally got out of his coffin and admit to himself and everyone else that he's gay. Which nearly broke his ears because of the squeals he got from a few Aphrodite girls when news got spread. All in all, everyone pretty much befriended him more and more. Even Percy. Which kinda sucks, considering the fact that he's too hard to avoid from. "I can't just walk up to Leo and say 'Hey, Leo, will you go out with me and be my valentine?'! I might as well tie him to my bed and spend the whole day ravaging him!" "Save your fantasies inside your head, will you? I still have that talk you gave me about how you'll give Leo the best sex he'll have. In detail ." Nico try to resist shuddering at the memory of the thought about how Jason will take Leo back to the Zeus cabin, strip their clothes off and doing things that shows just what Jason inherited from his father, the perverted King of Gods himself. Jason lets a smirk play on his lips. "Yeah? Tell that to the time you told me your fantasies. I can't imagine the fact that Poseidon would allow standing by and watching his son be ravaged on a beach by the son of his older brother." "Screw you." Nico growls and looks away, a blush dusting his cheeks again. "So, planning to ask Percy on a Valentines date?" Nico gives the son of Jupiter a Hades-like glare but with his blush growing ever-so-redder, Jason only grins cheekily at the slightly embarrassed glare. " No. Definitely not. Look, I find Percy…nice." "Attractively sexy." "And he does has his charms." "His prick-teasing ass." "But I don't have a flying chance!" "Translation: I don't have the guts to walk to Jackson, throw him over my shoulders and bring him to my cabin for a mating ritual." "DAMN IT, JASON, STOP TURNING EVERYTHING I SAID INTO-" "Nico?" The death boy pales at the sound of a very familiar voice behind him. His posture tense and he notices Jason's eyes widening at the sight of the person behind Nico. Nico turns around slowly and he takes a deep breath, the look he's seeing shows that he's been caught red-handed. Everyone has always known Nico is gay but no one except Jason, Reyna, Couch Hedge and Piper (having her mom being the Goddess of Love after all) knew he's in love with Percy Jackson. And now another person has been added to the list. "Annabeth!" The daughter of Athena crosses her arms against her chest. Aside from the arching of her brow, her face is unreadable. Percy was the one who broke up with Annabeth and though the child of Athena was a bit surprise, she was okay with the break up. Why, no one knows but Nico has been making sure that Annabeth never hear a word about him having a crush on her ex just in case the girl has lingering feelings for the son of Poseidon. But seeing as how she knows now, it's pretty much futile to hide any longer. "So…you're in love with Percy?" Nico almost wish his shadows can bring him out of this situation but he has to stand his ground. He isn't the kid who ran away just because of something as simple as a question. But that doesn't mean he has to give the answer that could potentially hurt her. So he ends up staring at the ground, unable to lie about something from a daughter of Athena. They're as attracted to information as bees with nectars. It's pretty obvious that he loves the Sea Prince unconditionally to the eyes of the wisdom children. Annabeth lets out a sigh and places a hand on her forehead. "You. Are. Oblivious." Nico whips his head up. "Excuse me?" "You heard me." Annabeth crosses her arms against her chest. "You and Percy are more oblivious than Jason and Leo!" "Hey!" Jason narrows his eyes a bit at the female blonde. Nico rolls his eyes. "And what am I oblivious about exactly?" "About how Percy feels about you, of course!" Nico, doubting that statement, narrows his eyes at the blonde. "I am not oblivious about it!" "Yes, you are! Think about it! Percy has been trying to spend time with you, trying to get you to join him on a date!" "On a hangout as friends ! He's only trying to make up for all those times he's neglected me as well as his other friends like Calypso!" Jason flinches at the name of the same girl who Leo had brought back with him to camp. To see her riding Festus with his beloved, her arms around the fire maker… Nico doesn't even need to see Jason to know that the son of Jupiter is emitting electrical charges at the tip of his fingers. "You don't get it, Nic-" "No! You don't get it!" Nico growls the words out of his mouth, his eyes darkening. He didn't know why but he was irritated that Annabeth would say he doesn't get the fact that Percy liking him is true. It isn't and it never will. " You -" He points at Annabeth, anger controlling his words as adrenaline rushes in his blood. "-never have to face rejection! You have a chance with him! He accepted you, loved you and cherished you! Something I will never obtain!" The atmosphere slowly turns dark and the shadows swirl a bit, hearing their master's discomfort. "And you know what? That hurts ! Not because he does those things to you and not me, no! It's because of how giving he is! He puts his love ones above himself and though that trait of him is, annoyingly, one of the things that made him Percy, no one seems to ever do those things to him !" The striking truth stabs into the minds of Jason and Annabeth, a face of guilt appearing on their faces. "He may have his mom. He may have a family. And he may have something we all don't but that doesn't mean he's more fortunate than we are! In fact, that's what makes him as unfortunate as we are! He faced the death of his friends, he nearly lost his only family and he would have to face more of those tragedies soon enough!" Nico knows he's ranting, slowly getting off topic but remembering how Percy felt at the loss of his friends dying before him…It reminded Nico how he felt at the loss of his sister. People think that, by having no family, it would hurt. It truly would. But the feeling of having someone by your side, only to have them swipe away…it hurts more than anything Nico ever felt in his life. He lost the mother he never knew, thanks to the fact his father wipe his memory. He lost the only family he ever had, his sister, the girl who he knew all his remaining childhood. His heart was nearly ripped out of his ribcage when he only heard the news of his sister's death. He couldn't image how Percy felt at seeing his own friends and family, whom he had been so close to, die in front of his very eyes. "I know him more than you think…" Nico's eyes soften and he looks at the lake, reminded of the sea-colored eyes of his smiling, stupid but lovable demigod. "He wants to be loved. To be cherished. To have someone who will help guide him through. And, to him, I'm not that person!" Annabeth reaches out for Nico. "You don't know that-" "I know perfectly well how Jackson feels about me and that's, at most, just friends!" He lets out a grunt of annoyance and walks past Annabeth. "And that's all I'll ever be to him! Now stop saying as if you know how he feels about me and leave me alone!" The son of Hades left the area with harsh footsteps, the grasses surrounding his footprints slowly dies away, reflecting the heartbroken feeling of Nico di Angelo. His mood has soured by the nosy daughter of Athena, the persistence of his friends telling him to confess and most of all… He's mad at himself. For still being the coward he is when he was that little Myth-o-magic kid he once was. By the time the aura of darkness disappears from the lake to follow its master, Annabeth turns to the lake, the water glimmering brilliantly. "You can come out now, Seaweed Brain." The water shifts. A ripple appear on the liquid. Soon, a figure rises from the water, starting with a mop