Alone What if Sirius Black was never convicted? That day when the Aurors cornered him on Peter Pettigrew's disappearance, they had the sense of mind to validate the last spell casted from Sirius's wand. This meant Harry Potter grew up with two of his father's best friends, Sirius and Remus Lupin who both treated him as their own flesh and blood. Living with the two wizards brought changes to the boy who lived. Both offered Harry knowledge that had helped in his Hogwarts classes. So when Professor Flitwick taught the levitation charm, Harry offered to correct Ron. The disastrous teasing by Ron to Hermione never happened and Hermione was never trapped inside the girls bathroom. On times of trouble, Harry was always able to talk with Sirius or Remus or look back to experiences with them. For instance, Remus, kept himself safe by planting a Devil's Snare surrounding his werewolf hideout to keep unwanted passersby. Of course, he taught Harry how to escape in case he got caught. Harry Potter living with real wizards, experienced enough to survive his Hogwarts years without Hermione's help. However, come their 6th year, when Dumbledore died and Hogwarts was invaded by Death Eaters, Hermione was not one of the recipients of the Felix Felicis. Instead of focusing on fighting off the Death Eaters, the professors had been protecting their students, leaving Harry to fight for himself. It was at that moment when the great Harry Potter disappeared. Bellatrix cornered Harry. He was able to deflect her curses as he was shouting for everyone to leave the school. However, he got distracted by a younger wizard fighting off grown wizards. This caused the biggest mistake as he became a recipient of the spell "Crucio". Bellatrix then ordered another Death Eater to bring him to their master as she went for the other students. The last thing Harry saw was a brown haired witch running towards him. "Leave me." He uttered as he lost consciousness. Years later. Draco Malfoy walked through the Ministry of Magic uncontested by the Aurors. Aurors these days are very different. They were all sporting the dark mark on their arms. He went up a flight of stairs and proceeded down a hallway until he reached an unassuming blue door. He checked his pocket to ensure he brought his galleons. Satisfied, he turned the knob and walked inside. "Mr. Malfoy, you're again in need of our resources?" "Let's just start Mr. Bringgs." Draco said to an old man standing on a peg for his left foot as he joined several wizards in the far end of the room. Mr. Bringgs nodded and waved his wand across from the waiting wizards to move a wall. "Come along, filthy mudbloods." He ordered a group of witches and wizards who noticeably wore snake cuffs. The group paraded across the room. Draco kept a careful eye on the group looking for promising mudbloods. His eyes fell on a gangly brown haired witch. Her head was bowed down but he caught a glimpse of her eyes and noticed the familiar blank stare. "I want that mudblood." He pointed at the subject. "Business or pleasure?" Mr. Bringgs asked. "Business. My company is expanding and nearly all of my house elves are being transferred there. I need resources." "Bringgs, I need all the females." A man in a red cloak demanded. "My entertainment business needs it." "There are five females here. You shouldn't miss one." Draco argued. "Gentlemen, let us follow the rules." Bringgs smiled slyly. "Highest bidder." ~~~ Draco handed all of his galleons and collected his prize. "The egg?" Draco turned back to Bringgs. Bringgs threw him a small silver egg. "Hefty price for a lanky mudblood." "I'll make sure I get my galleon's worth." He led the witch down to the lobby where he can disapparate together. "Damn. You're worth the price of two. I hope I don't regret this." He mumbled before disappearing. ~~~ Draco and the witch arrived in an old Manor which is double the size of the Malfoy Manor he used to reside. He activated the alarms before hiding his wand inside his robe. "Alecia!" He called out. A blonde witch scurried to his side. Draco turned to his new guest and pulled stands of her hair. Alecia took out two bottles and handed one to the new guest. She then took the hair strands from Draco to put inside the other bottle. Alecia drank the potion and slowly transformed into the image of the new girl. "Your turn." She ordered. The new girl, who still had a dazed look, followed the instruction. She in turn took the form of Alecia. "Thank you Alecia." Draco smiled. "Switch for a week?" "Okay." Alecia nodded. "Should I take her downstairs?" He nodded as he pulled a blue egg from his robe. "Just a week." He promised as he opened the egg and handed it to Alecia. She accepted and watched the snake inside the egg crawl out and slithered to her left arm. It circled around her wrist and bit its own tail forming the similar snake cuff the new guest wore. "Just a week." She repeated under her breath. ~~~ Alecia led the new girl to a dungeon with opened cells. She nodded to a couple of wizards they passed when they were halted by another wizard. "Just one?" He asked. Alecia nodded. "Must be someone special." The wizard stared at Alecia's face. "I know her." Alecia rolled her eyes. "Sure you do, Dean." "No, honest. I do know her." He insisted. He tried to touch the new girl but Alecia slapped his hand away. "She's not ready." Alecia warned. Alecia half dragged the brown haired witch to a nearby empty cell. "You can rest here for a while. I'll bring you some food later or would you rather eat now?" When she didn't get a response, she got out of the cell and locked it. "For safety purposes." She tried to explain. ~~~~ Dean Thomas, left the dungeon and went to look for Draco at his favorite hiding place, the den. He knocked and turned the knob. "Draco?" "Yes Dean?" Draco motioned him to come inside. "The new girl, she's Hermione isn't she?" "Yes. She'll be perfect." Draco smiled. "She may have been a perfect student but she's broken now." "You were once broken too." Draco argued. "I remember. But I don't think there's anything left of her." "I hope you're wrong." Draco smirked. ~~~ Hermione woke to a presence in her cell. 'My new master's here.' She thought to herself. She immediately stood from her bed and bowed her head in his direction. Draco tried to get her attention. "You slept all day yesterday. I wanted to make sure you're okay." He smiled and waited for a response. Hermione stared at the floor, unresponsive. "I was hoping you could join me for lunch." Draco walked to her side. He pulled out a potion from his robe and handed it to her. "A few more days till you get your strength." He explained. Hermione willingly drank the polyjuice and once more took Alecia's form. "There are rules in this Manor which I would like to discuss. One of which is that I want you to be honest with me. You have to tell me the truth about what you're thinking and what you're feeling." He waited for any sign of response. "Starting now." Hermione kept silent, her eyes remained locked to the floor. "I am not fond of using the cuffs but if that's the only way I can get a response from you." His hand searched his pocket for an egg. Hermione shifted her gaze to him. "Finally," Draco smiled triumphantly. "Alecia left some clothes on your bed. You should get yourself cleaned and..." he stopped, distracted by her actions. Hermione started to undress, pulling the brown fabric over her head. Her clothing akin to the pillow case that Dobby wore. "Hold it." He turned his back from her. "There's a common bath outside. Turn right and at end of the hallway there's a marked room." He counted to 10 before turning to face her again. Hermione was holding her fresh clothes. "Come see me in the den when you're done." Draco smiled and left the door open. Draco asked Alecia to guide Hermione to his den. He then met Dean and asked to serve lunch for him and Hermione. ~~~ Hermione was greeted by Alecia who was sporting her face in her cell. She deduced that Alecia had a high rank in this household since her new master often called her and by her name at that. Being a mudblood slave since her 6th year in Hogwarts, she's been assigned to some of the most despicable purebloods in the community. She's endured all sorts of torture from physical scarring to mental abuse to emotional breakdowns and even sexual abuse. Suffice to say, she had experienced the darkest of days. "Are you all set?" Alecia smiled at her. Hermione wondered whether this was a test. She had to learn her place quickly. She knew sometimes, that the right hand slaves were fiercer and more sadistic than their master. "You can talk freely." Alecia walked to her side to get her dirty clothes. "Draco prefers to know what's on our minds." "Doesn't he know Legilimency?" Hermione thought aloud. "Really? I had no idea." She replied in earnest while fishing out a potion from her pocket. "Polyjuice tastes horrible. But on occassion the Aurors come to check up on us especially the newly purchased. You know since muggleborns are a dying breed." Alecia shook her head. "Oops, slip of the tongue. I meant mudbloods. However, I did hear that there's been reported several Obscurial in the muggle world. Poor souls. Hogwarts should start recruiting muggleborns again." They left her cell and started to leave the dungeon. Hermione did not react. She had been so accustomed to being called a mudblood she accepted it to be true. "Honestly, first meal with him is crucial. He'll decide if you're a prime pick or not." They passed a cell with a witch in scantily clad clothes. "Or you can work yourself to the top." She teased. Hermione took everything she said with a grain of salt. She hasn't figure out whether Alecia was being kind or was setting her up. "Just don't get him angry." Alecia said when they reached the den. She knocked three times before calling out. "She's here." "Come in." Alecia winked at Hermione as she opened the door. Hermione entered silently with her head bowed. Inside, a table for two was setup beautifully in the middle of the room, their meal already in place. "Sit down." Draco pulled a chair for her which she obliged. He sat down opposite her and tried to lock her eyes. "I hope you're feeling better." He waited until she nodded. "Remember the rule I mentioned earlier?" "Forgive me sir if I've offended you." Hermione stood from her chair to bow at him. "Please sit down." Hermione puzzled, but did as was told. "It's been 9 years since we went to Hogwarts." '8 years for you.' Hermione corrected in her mind. "It's no surprise that you survived all those years. You've been a great student, very knowledgeable." He sighed when he didn't get a reaction. "How many?" Hermione with his rule in mind replied, "how many what, sir?" "How many masters and mistresses have you served?" Hermione closed her eyes as she pictured the faces that made her life hell. "Four." "Forgive me, I don't understand. You've only had four? It's the smallest number for that period." He started to eat and motioned for her to do the same. "There's a guy here who was captured two years ago and he had 10 employers." 'He must've fought harder.' Hermione winced. "I apologize for my action." She lowered her head. "Do not apologize. You're in a different place