It seemed that everyone had a place after the rebellion's end; Annie had a child to raise, Katniss had District 12 along with Peeta and Haymitch - hell, even Gale left for District 2. Everyone who survived the costly war had found their way in the world; everyone, save for Johanna Mason. Compared to how it looked before the Quarter Quell, District 7 was in poor condition. This was the first thing that Johanna noted upon boarding the hovercraft back to her home district. For a while, she managed herself just fine, helping rebuild damaged property and keeping herself busy with lumberjack duties. It was all just a distraction. As the days crawled by, their difficulty increased tenfold. In District 13, she had received daily visits from a head doctor. He had absolutely no idea what surviving the Games was like, of course, but he was someone to talk to, and Johanna would admit that false reassurances were better than being greeted by silence every day. Now that she was home for the first time in what seemed like forever, there was no one to talk to. Who was she to give up so easily, though? The familiar forests around her would have to make do. She didn't need anyone holding her hand. That's what she told herself as she continued to bury herself in work, further distracting herself from the gruesomeness that caused her to wake up trembling amidst each night. That wall of false-confidence did not last long. There were days where the pattering on the rooftops forbid Johanna from leaving home. On those days, she'd occupy the corners of her bedroom, sitting far away from the windows of the lonely Victor's Village home. There was nobody to comfort her or reassure her that she wasn't back in the Capitol - that she wasn't back her torture cell, about to have another jolt of electricity sent through her body. It was during those days that she became heavily disconcerted. It was hard, not having a family anymore. Perhaps she could have sought comfort in her parents, siblings, friends, lovers - but, no . They were gone too. They'd all been reduced to ashes years ago. She could've called Finnick, as she had times before the Quarter Quell, but the empty drone of the telephone line just reminded her that he too was gone. He was fucking dead , just like her family and friends. Sure, there was Annie and Katniss, but both of them always seemed busy with their family, and their love, and their warmth. Johanna was happy for them, but she couldn't deny her jealousy. Everyone who'd survived it all had someone, something, and Johanna had never felt more envious. So, Johanna Mason, the girl who had won the 71st Hunger Games, rebelled, and survived heaps of torture, was alone. Until one day. It was during one of the times that she preferred to avoid work - a day to recharge her mental batteries, per se. The weather was perfect for a walk in the forest, and that was the exact direction she headed. The scent of the trees and the soft lull of nature ambience were perhaps the only positive associations she had left at home. As the last surviving Mason walked along the makeshift trail, however, a shrill whimper cut into the peacefulness. "Is someone there?" she turned to the source of the noise, slender hand instinctively moving to the hatchet she'd brought along with her. There was silence, and then the whine persisted; it had a weak, pained sound to it, and hearing it again lead Johanna to believe that it wasn't a someone , but a something . An animal, even. Creeping toward the sound, the dried, dusty leaves beneath her crunched with very step she took. Drawing close to the whining, she found herself facing a dog, its paw ensnared in the metal clamps of a bear trap. When the dog caught sight of her, it began to bark profusely, its voice a mixture of ferocity and cries of agony. She could've continued walking. It wasn't the first time she'd seen an animal caught in one of those things, after all, but something inside her told her to stop. To help the pained creature. Would helping a dog rid her of the pangs of guilt she felt for every life she'd taken in the Games? Of course not. Her next actions were more impulsive than anything. Running over to the creature, she gripped her shirt, tearing it off of her body and using it to cover the canine's head. The animal still growled at her as she did so, though its tone was that of evident defeat. "Easy, fleabag. I'm trying to save your ass , even if you don't realize that yet." Using the sturdiness of her boots to her advantage, she compressed one of the trap's springs, setting its safety latch back. The dog continued to tug at its paw to no avail, its trickling blood painting Johanna's clothing and the earth beneath it. Finally, with enough exerted effort and an exasperated grunt to follow, both sides of the trap were latched neatly, the mechanism popping back open. Johanna hit the ground with a thud, the dog pulling its paw loose. "Feels better now, huh?" Johanna breathed as she yanked her dirtied shirt from the dog's head. The dog promptly began to lick the blood from its paw. Now that she'd received a chance to look at herself, there was crimson stickiness on her hands, complimented with rust and dirt. She quickly wiped it on her jeans, and wiped away the thought of having to wash herself later on. As she gathered her bearings, brushing the leafy particles from her rear, she looked to where the dog was. Gone - the thing had trotted away without any gratitude to spare. Figures. Her shirt, which had previously been sort of clean , had now lost any hint of cleanliness. She tied it around her waste, deciding in that moment that she didn't give two shits if anyone happened to see her walking around in naught more than a bra. Clothes didn't matter too much, after all, and she'd strode around in a lot less clothing, in the past. Stepping out of the direction she'd detoured in, Johanna made her way back to her trail. Even having grown up near the forests of Seven, they were easy to get lost in, and she had no intentions of spending the rest of her day wandering the forest. She was moving along as before when the another set of footsteps could be heard from behind. When Johanna spun around see what was behind her, eye contact caused the owner of the second pair of footsteps to let out a bark. "Oh. It's just you," Johanna raised an eyebrow at the creature, "I thought you'd be gone by now." Upon further examination, the dog was a somewhat large one. Its fur was a marble of different colors, mottled patches of brown, tan, and grey all over. One ear stood up, and the other flopped against its head as it limped toward her. Icy blue eyes fixated on her, tongue lolling out as it panted with exhaustion. It was difficult to tell what breed it was - probably a mutt. Was there any point in talking to a dog? Of course not. An animal wouldn't have any clue what she said. Still, loneliness had left a damn big dent in her emotional state, so she went about with speaking. "I hope you're happy," she commented, her voice raising a little in both volume and pitch, "I'm going to have to wash myself off after dealing with you." A whimper escaped the animal in response, though it continued to walk behind her, picking up its pace to trot by her side. When Johanna stopped, so did it. Her gaze wandered to the dog's paw. Even after being freed from the clamp, it was still badly injured. Johanna sighed, reaching out to give the canine a pat on the head. "Fine," a roll of eyes followed, and she turned back toward home, "If you insist on following me, I'll get you some medical attention." Johanna had entered the forest on that day with no company but that of a hatchet. Now, there was a dog following her along the way. She couldn't claim to have expected that, but she supposed it was nice to have something to do with her time. By the time she returned to her home in the Victor's Village, the furry thing had somehow managed to keep up with her. Stepping up to the porch of he home, she unlocked the door, pausing to glance at the dog. It appeared… dirty . Was she willing to let that into her house, not even having a clue what crawled around on it? Hmm . She made a motion in the critter's direction, palms splayed toward it, "Stay there. I'll be back." Swinging the door open, the Mason girl stomped into her house, heading for the bathroom and opening up a cabinet. Medical supplies were something she always kept stocked, lest an emergency take place. Reaching into the cabinet, she pulled out a roll of bandages. Unfortunately, there wasn't any rubbing alcohol, but she could make the best of the liquor she had in the kitchen. Perhaps it wasn't the best way to deal with a wound, but it was still alcohol. When she returned to the porch, the dog was still there. Sitting. Waiting, with its injured paw held up. Johanna knelt down next to the animal, taking it in a matter that deviated from her typical harshness and drizzling the alcohol over its wound. It whimpered as she did so, its eyes glancing to the side, the crescent whites of its eyes showing. "It stings, right?" the woman murmured softly as she prepared the bandage, "you can tough this out. It's nothing, compared to a bear trap." She wrapped the bandage tightly around the dog's injury, tying and securing it in place. Giving the dog a pat on the head, she stood up, returning inside. The following night was greeted by more nightmares. The following morning, it was on her porch, resting its head on the floor. It quickly picked its head up when she stepped through the door. "Really? Did you stay the night?" There Johanna was, talking to a dog again. What a lovely direction she was going in. Something about the sound of her voice seemed to excite the animal. Whenever she spoke, it seemed to direct all of its attention to her. That was one way dogs and humans were different; nobody ever got so excited around her. Not since before her first games. The dog appeared as if it hadn't eaten enough; its ribs were showing, and it didn't look to have much meat on it. More evidence to support the creature's lack of maintenance, no doubt. Making a hand gesture that told the dog to stay in its place, Johanna went back inside and opened up the fridge. What would a dog eat? She was never allowed to have pets growing up, and she had no idea where to get dog food. Then again, her refrigerator was looking a little bit empty. "Change of plans," Johanna announced as she stomped out of the front door, closing it and locking it behind her, "I'm going to the market." Since the end of the war, many of District 7's inhabitants had taken to rebuilding the place. The people who survived were keen on giving the area something of a community, and with the fear of Peacekeepers and Snow gone, they succeeded in doing so. Folks traveled to Seven from other Districts, setting up something of a makeshift market and selling all sorts of goods that couldn't have possibly been available before the rebellion. It was nice, to be honest.