DISCLAIMER : I make no money off this writing, Harry Potter belongs to J. , as well as other affiliates such as Scholastic Books, etc. I claim no ownership over any characters or plot that I have borrowed from the books and movies for this fanfiction. Summary : Harry Potter grows up with the Dursleys a girl rather than a boy, Hyacinth Potter. As a girl, how will Potter's life be different? Starts Year 1, goes through entirety of Hogwarts years. Will be Tom Riddle(Voldemort)/Harry Potter, Tom Riddle(Voldemort)/Hyacinth Potter. Hyacinth Potter had been left on the doorstep of one Number 4 Privet Drive at a tender young age. While her aunt and uncle had been blessed by the birth of their baby boy Dudley, Petunia Dursley had always wanted a little girl to primp and pamper. However, the arrival of her niece on her doorstep was unwelcome. For many reasons. As the baby grew throughout the years she never acted out, but strange things happened all around her. Small things that no one besides the Dursleys seemed to notice. She would pop away at the last moment before a punishment and end up on the roof! Needless to say she was punished more harshly after that, and that particular freakishness had never happened again. Petunia knew that this girl had inherited her sister's freakishness, and the fact that everything else about the girl otherwise was so perfect, so pristine, it made Petunia's teeth grind. Many girls grow up playing with Barbies, little dolls to dress up and play with. Some girls simply collect the clothing, building a fashion line for their various blonde playthings. Other girls act out elaborate dramas, creating worlds within their toys, and lives. Other girls still, abuse their toys. They cut chunks out of the Barbie's hair, throw them across rooms, hold their tiny plastic limbs over fire to watch them melt. Petunia enjoyed her neice's presence rather like the last of the girls, and as they saw from Petunia that it was acceptable, Vernon and Dudley quickly caught on and joined as well. Hyacinth, despite the abuse she faced at the hands of her relatives, grew up quietly. This was her place and she had long since learned to take it with a grain of salt. Her mouth watered at the mere thought. Oh what she would do for some salt, for any sort of food product. She placed a hand on her small, taut stomach and grumbled, "Stop. Don't make any noise. If you wake everyone up we won't eat for days. Just... shut up." Hyacinth Potter was small, even for someone who had just turned eleven. Her milky brown hair waved down just past her shoulders unevenly. Petunia tried every other week to cut it shorter, the dull silver scissors scraping harshly against Hyacinth's ears and the back of her neck. However it always grew back, messier with each session of scissors. Today Hyacinth was cooking breakfast. Cooking was her very favorite chore, and she couldn't help but wonder if the Dursleys had remembered her birthday was today, and had told her to cook because they knew she liked it better than her other chores. Hyacinth had a single glaring flaw, though many would say it was a gift. She always saw the best in people, even the very worst of people. Focused on flipping the bacon and frying the eggs, Hyacinth frowned as she heard the doorbell ring. Vernon sneered at her, "Hurry up, girl, and get that door! Hyacinth hurried to comply, quickly plating him up his breakfast, along with Dudley's and Petunia's, and went to open the door. She eyed the purple smoothie on the counter on her way out of the kitchen, already half-consumed by Petunia. Each morning her Aunt would buy a smoothie from the local convenience store, determined to drink its healthy contents and lose weight. However, as the taste was quite awful, Hyacinth usually found the remainder thrust her way, her meal for the day. She really couldn't complain. It was more than nothing, and she had lived off of nothing for far too long, far too often over the years of her youth. Reaching the door, she turned the knob and slowly pulled the door in, ready to greet the guest. When she did she found herself staring at an enormous cloud of black puffy clothing. She looked up, green eyes meeting onyx and she shook herself. Where were her manners? She would be getting it later if Aunt Petunia found out she was just standing there like a dunce. "Hello, sir. Might I ask who you are?" The man looked irritated and scowled at her, "My name is Professor Snape, master of potions at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and I am here to speak with Miss Hyacinth Potter." Hyacinth had to put a hand over her mouth to stop her laughter from bubbling up. Was this man crazy or something? He was here to speak with her? She didn't know anyone! And what was this about a school of wizardry? Clearly insane. Clearing her throat she immediately began to recite in an almost bored tone what she had been forced to rehearse to say, "I'm sorry sir, but no one lives here by that name. Would you now please kindly depart from this doorstep?" She moved to close the door but a swift hand stopped it and a large black-shoed foot thrust itself into the doorway. The man loomed over her, taking step after step until he was in the house. "S-sir?" The dour man pushed past her and made his way toward the kitchen and Hyacinth's eyes widened behind her long bangs. No, no, no! The man had already made it into the next room and was staring at her relatives with something akin to disgust. Aunt Petunia's fork had stopped midair on its way to her mouth and she began to sputter quite ridiculously, "Wh-wh-what are y-you doing here, Snape?" "Why Tuney," sneered the man, "I'm surprised you recognize me after all these years." He pointed a wooden stick at her, "Where is the girl?" Her aunt's eyes flickered to her form and back to the man, saying nothing, alarm wide in her eyes. Why was she so afraid of a guy with a branch? The man, Snape she supposed, looked at her and his mouth set in a firm line. "You? Potter?" Hyacinth swallowed and nodded. Who was this man? "As I said, I am Professor Snape of Hogwarts school, and I am here to accompany Miss Potter to pick up her things for the next schoolyear." She dearly regretted it the moment she opened her mouth but she whispered, "Excuse me, sir. That can't be right. You see, I don't go to school. Let alone go to this Hogwhatsit school. I'm sorry, sir." Snape's eyes widened for a moment before he straightened his cuffs. "I see. I understand now, completely ." His words sounded like ice as he sent a glare toward her aunt and uncle. Vernon's face had become a deep purple and he shouted out suddenly, "Just take her then. Get her out of our house, you can have her!" The dark-eyed man's face contorted into a cruel smile, "Yes, yes I will take her." He began to stride out of the kitchen, calling over his shoulder, "School will start on September 1st, and end in late June." He tossed a glare back at her, "You, Potter, come." Unable to comprehend what was happening but not wanting to disobey an order from anyone, Hyacinth hastened to follow, her tattered flip flops slapping between the hot pavement outside and her feet. The man stopped abruptly halfway down the street, looking around quickly before turning to her. "Take my arm." He held his arm out slightly and Hyacinth's small fingers wound around it slowly. "Okay," she responded slowly. "Thank you for coming to get me." She was about to say that she'd only been off the property once before, to take the bus to the library to learn to read. She had been gone all day and when she had returned her Aunt and Uncle had been furious. Her Aunt had backhanded her before her Uncle dragged her off for a more severe punishment. Hyacinth's back straightened slightly, feeling the slight scars flex as she did so. She didn't want anyone to know what those people had done to her. Instead she asked, "Where are we going?" She heard, "Diagon Alley," before she felt a tugging sensation and suddenly she was being pulled every which way before everything stopped, and she heard the chatter of people and saw large robes and pointy hats everywhere. She felt the abrupt need to vomit but held it in, swallowing it back down, the sludge burning her throat. She gave her professor a strained smile, "Did we just teleport here?" The man scoffed. "Hardly. We apparated, or rather I apparated and carried you side-along with me. Most people vomit the first time. Come." She kept hold of his arm as he led her through the bustling alley. His muscles felt tense under her slight touch but she thought little of it. He seemed a stiff man in general. "Are all these people magical? Or are there any that aren't?" "There are probably some muggle here with their muggle-born children. Otherwise no, they are all witches and wizards." Professor Snape seemed exasperated already so she fought back the urge to ask about muggle and muggle-borns. She assumed muggles were people without magic, considering the context. Professor Snape led her to the end of the street and they entered a large white building with funny little creatures running around inside. He didn't turn to look to her as he said quietly, "Goblins run Gringotts, the main bank of wizarding England." She nodded, "I understand. But sir, I haven't got any money for any things. Is there some sort of trust set up for those attending Hog... Hogwhatsit?" They arrived at the largest desk at the back center of the large atrium and Snape replied quickly, "Hogwarts. You do have money, Potter, and we are here to collect some." Sshe looked up at him doubtfully but he merely handed over a small key to the goblin peering down at them from his high desk. "Miss Potter would like to visit her vault. Here is her key." The goblin looked over the key and then Hyacinth herself appraisingly before nodding once. "Follow me." They proceeded past him and through a door, into a large cavern, stepping into a small rusty looking cart. As soon as they had all sat down the cart took off at an alarming speed. Professor Snape and the goblin, Griphook the name on the desk plate had said, looked quite bored, but Hyacinth leaned forward with glee. She had never been allowed to the amusement park that Dudley talked so animatedly about, but she rather imagined this was what a roller coaster was like. As they screeched to a halt before a large vault door, Hyacinth took Professor Snape's hand to get out, and she threw a large smile at Griphook, "That was great, Griphook, sir!" The goblin sneered in response, but Hyacinth was far too pleased to care. He unlocked her vault and Hyacinth entered, stumbling as she took in the vast wealth that lay before her. She saw gold everywhere. Mostly there were coins, but there was also a variety of jewelry, and some books that looked to be about the Potter family history. "Are these gold coins worth much, sir?" She turned to Professor Snape who explained the monetary system and the transfer between wizarding and muggle currency. Hyacinth took a few handfulls worth of the gold coins and stuck them in the pockets of her too large shorts, an old pair of Dudley's that barely remained on her hips with the weight of the gold filling them. She