The workmen sawed through the trees. Several trees had fallen onto the train tracks that lead into the Capital. They all had fallen suspiciously onto the tracks. That is why four Peacekeepers were sent with them. "There's a tent over there," said a peacekeeper. He led his partner up the red and blue tent. Beside it sat a large chainsaw. They didn't notice the young woman who came up behind them. She placed a hand on one man's mouth. His eyes glazed over. The second Peacekeeper didn't know what to do as he looked at the beautiful woman in a yellow dress. She placed her hand on his mouth. His eyes became instantly blood shot and he threw up blood. He was filled with an inconsolable rage. The next two soldiers looked for their comrades before stopping. It sounded someone was attacking the workmen. They turned around to see a young woman in her early twenties staring at them. She put her hand on them. Skin touched skin. One soldier was instantly filled with rage while the other felt his heart stop. He stood up and instantly ran looked for food. The first two guards shambled up to the woman. She didn't need to look at them she saw what they saw and knew what they knew. The driver of the railcar looked out. He saw that the workcrew had finished their work. "Come on they're having the lottery. I don't want to miss it," he said. "Tell me about this lottery," said the woman. "Who are you?" he asked. "I was Jessica Long, but God summoned me now I am Pestilence," she said. She put a finger to his mouth. "We should go." Katniss watched the crowd. They cheered the tributes as the floats drove pass. Suddenly there was a change of tone in the crowd. A woman in a yellow dress walked between the people. She touched everyone she came across. The float stopped. Katniss stood up and looked forward. On one side of the street were hundreds of people. A number lay on the sidewalk, while others threw up blood. What caught Katniss's attention the most were the young girls. Most appeared to be about Prim's age. They stood while other people suffered and died. They had no expression. Shots rang off and people panicked. A few minutes later they were returned to the training area. The doors were locked shut. "Everyone back to your rooms," said Seneca. He ordered them away with out explanation. Two days passed and then a week. Seneca called off all training. The tributes especially Katniss knew something was up. They checked the television. It showed nothing about what was happening outside. "Still no information on what caused the gas main explosions a couple of weeks ago, but the government is still cordoning off the area until they can declare it safe," said the reporter. "What do they mean I heard gunshots?" asked Katniss. "It doesn't mean anything," said Cinna. "They're holding a big meal later today so you have to be there." The banquet was quiet. Very few tributes talked or even socialized. They were still used to being prepared to kill each other. Katniss loaded up a plate with food, but stopped she heard noise from the hallway. "The power went out last night for a couple of hours," said Glimmer to Marvel. "That's nothing the power goes out all the time," he replied. "This is the capital," said Glimmer. The double doors to the banquet hall opened. A woman in a yellow dress walked in. It was dirty covered with blood and grime. Several men followed her. They stumbled along with blood covered mouths. "I need to talk to who's in charge," she said. Jessica looked around the room. She saw Katniss and Rue standing behind her. She walked over to them. She bent over and looked at Rue. "Aren't you the cutest little thing?" Seneca stood facing the wall. Jessica stood nude. She had been cleaned and now seamstresses worked to sow her another new dress. It was a near copy of the one she worn. "I assume you have all the girl's measurements," she said to a seamstress. The woman nodded. "I want a dress for every girl like this, but only I wear yellow." "Under who's authority do you operate?" asked Seneca. He knew who he would have to report to eventually. "Who know who. Don't act like you don't know what's going on. I have thrown the city into turmoil and you've been keeping it from these children," said Jessica. She nodded to the female tributes standing near her. "What do you want?" he asked. "To announce my presence to the country," said Jessica. "I believe that I can do that," he said. "Good, tomorrow we'll have a meal where the children can talk to me. Then I'll make my announcement," said Jessica. Katniss sat at the table. She wore a blue dress similar to one she wore at home. The male tributes wore clothes similar to their own districts. Most tributes were seated in pairs by district. The exception being district 3 the female tribute, Katniss never learned her name, sat beside Jessica. "Has anyone ever told you how pretty you are?" Jessica asked the tribute. Katniss thought that was an odd question. She looked around the room and saw all the tributes and realized something. Katniss breathed a sigh of relief. The games should have already started. She relaxed and sank into deep thought. She looked at Peetra. A loud bang brought her back. Cato hit a table with his fist. "What are these things? Are they alive or dead?" he asked. "Some are alive," said Jessica. She pointed to a teenage girl that poured a drink. "My Maids are alive, but I've zombiefied them, removing their freewill." "Like an Avox," said Haywitch. "I guess. The Ragers are alive, but so consumed by rage they can only think of one thing, the destruction of people and property. The Shamblers and Runners are both dead," said Jessica. "And you can make them?" asked Cato. "Yes, I need just one brief touch," said Jessica. The girl leaned back as Jessica tried to feed her a piece of fruit. "I have complete and utter control of my abilities." "What about them?" asked Katniss. "I control them as well. I see what they see. Hear what they hear. I control every action and every possible action they may do," said Jessica. "I bet it gets hard to control all of them," said Cato. "Actually the more I control the easier it is to control them," she said. "And there's this." She held up her hand. Clove's throwing knife she had been using to cut up her food floated into the air between the tables. "Once I hit a thousand I can do more than control them." "You know what, I like her," said the girl. Cato threw his spear into the target. Thresh picked up his spear and aimed. "You should she liked you," he said. "What?" she asked. "I saw the way she looked at you," said Thresh. Katniss was woken from a nap. It was early afternoon. "She wants you outside," said Rue. Katniss realized she had not been outside since she arrived in the Capital. Katniss walked with Rue. She noticed something different from some of the female tributes. Glimmer and Clove were dressed in their arena clothes. They carried their weapons. Marvel and Cato also joined them. They had their weapons as well. "What going on?" asked Katniss. "I don't know they just said we need to be outside," said Rue. They made it outside. In an empty fountain sat a small pile of weapons. On the other side was a group of people. They appeared to be Capital citizens. "What's going on?" Katniss asked Jessica. "It appears they want two things," said Jessica. "Which are?" asked Katniss. "Food and to watch the games. I'm going to give a chance for both," said Jessica. She smiled and looked at Ceasar. "I know since you have missed the last supply drops that food is running low and some of you are requesting the return of the games. Pestilence suggested that the only way the games will return is with your participation," said Caesar. The crowd hushed. "We have weapons for seven in the middle. If you want to make it to the next supply drop then send tribute age children in." After a few minutes of talking several teenagers stepped into the large fountain. Six children eventually volunteered. A girl of about fourteen years old was pushed in. "Hey that's my daughter," said a brown haired man. "Mine's not going in," said a fat blonde wigged man. "Who's that?" asked a tribute. "Nelson Lancaster his family owns the powerplants since before the Dark Days," said Seneca. "Remember this isn't the Hunger Games its a team building exercise," said Ceasar. The tributes nodded to each other. They waited for the teenagers to select their weapons. A blonde haired girl picked up a hatchet. One of Clove's knives embedded itself into her temple. "When I was a little girl. Younger than Rue or even Prim. I said Something in innocence that caused my father to beat me. Now as an adult I can understand why it didn't sound so innocent. Where I come from is much like Panem in the distant past. My father was a dentist so we were better off than the people in the small town I came from. But not as rich as the others," said Jessica. She made sure they had absorbed the information. "He told me he was making sure I grew up right. He even made sure I attended church at every opportunity." "What did you say?" asked a girl. "I told him that his new secretary was so pretty I wanted to kiss her like he did," said Jessica. They looked out into the fountain. Only two people were fighting. The girl thrown into the fountain held Clove down trying to strangle her. Clove kicked knocking the girl back. She jumped up and grabbed the girl's wrist and twisted, bringing her to the ground. Clove wrapped her legs around the girls arm and twisted dislocating the arm. She stood up and walked to a knife. Bang! A gun went off. "Let my daughter go," said the brown haired man. He pointed a pistol at Clove and then at Ceasar and finally at Jessica. "I will let her live. I'll even make sure she gets food and the medical attention she needs," said Jessica. She stepped into the fountain. "Kill Lancaster." The man looked at his daughter and then at one of Snow's supporters. He pointed the pistol at Lancaster's head. Katniss jumped when the shot went off eventhough she knew it was going to happen. Jessica walked over to the girl, "Do you want to see something?" She asked Clove. The girl nodded. Jessica put a finger on the girl's forehead. Her eyes glazed over before returning to normal. Her eyes turned from brown to a light blue. "Cool. Can I keep her as a pet?" asked Clove. "No, think of her as a servant. Now get her to the infirmary," said Jessica. She stood up. "Everyone return to your homes." Cato walked down the hallway. The television monitors had arrows pointing from screen to screen. He walked up to one. A message appeared on it. "I loved your performance. Follow the arrows and we can meet," it said. Cato followed the monitors down to a doorway. It lead outside. He pushed it open and saw something he hadn't seen before. A huge figure stood beside a car. It was bulky with metal skin and a large purple eye in the center of its head. It opened a car door. "Enter," it said in an electronic voice. The robot drove him deep into the city. The building was