"Kiiiittty, Kiiiiitty, Kitiiittty, Kiiiittty, Kiiiittty..." "Mmm," Kit turned over in her bed and cracked her emerald green eyes open, looking into the matching eyes of her little sister, "Wha' Indi?" Indigo grinned, showing off dimples and a smile with missing teeth, "You're up!" she exclaimed. "Mhm," Kit yawned. "Ew, gross!" Indigo cried, covering her face with her small hands when she felt Kit's warm breath hit her face, "Yucky!" Kit gave a lazy grin and sat up, stretching her arms over her head, "M'sorry, sweetheart. I didn't mean too." Indigo scrunched up her nose and removed her hands, eying her older sister warily, "Mommy says you have to get ready." "Okay," Kit agreed, reaching out and placing a hand on Indigo's head. She frowned at her eight-year-old sister's appearance, becoming more alert, "Hey, how are you ready before me?" Indigo grinned and bounced on her toes, "I got up extra early to help mommy with breakfast and lunch. There's a surprise for you, kay?" "Kay," Kit echoed, as she yawned again. She tossed her pastel yellow comforter aside and swung her legs over her large twin-sized mattress, "Lemme get ready." "I'll go tell mommy," Indigo declared, running from the room. "Be careful on the stairs," Kit called, running her hand through her bedhead. She took a moment to rub the sleep out of her eyes before she stood, her feet coming into contact with the soft carpet. As she went into the bathroom that was attached to both her and Indigo's room, she passed her outfit that she had laid out the night before and smiled widely. Today was the day. Her first day at Forks High. Having just moved two days before, Kit was concerned that with all of the unpacking and rearranging of the new house, she wouldn't get enough sleep. But thinking positive, as she always did, things had worked out and she had gotten a full nine hours; feeling refreshed for the day to come. She closed the door and then Indigo's, making sure that both were locked before she turned on the shower and stepped in, wetting her hair first to comb through the wavy tangles. She wasn't a restless sleeper, but having any type of hair that wasn't straight, knots just seemed to appear at random. When her mother and father had announced that they would be moving from Hampton, New Hampshire to the small town of Forks, Washington, she hadn't been that distraught over it. She hadn't been the most popular girl at her old school—she was someone who'd rather stay home and read, or practice her beautiful violin than go out and party or go to the movies. Besides, she was quite content as having her mother and little sister as her best friends, which tended to make her quite the loner. According to her mother's internet history, that she had yet to clear; Forks, Washington was beautiful and green. Trees and nature everywhere which definitely sounded appealing and hopefully, her mother would find her muse for more paintings and drawings. Yes, Forks was going to be a huge change, but Kit was looking forward to it. They had never moved before and the way she looked at it, it was a new adventure. Kit popped open the top of her peach scented body wash and poured a large helping onto her frilly green loofa. She couldn't believe it was her first day at a new school. It was her Sophomore year and she was so excited. She loved school and anything to do with learning. She loved shopping for school supplies and getting a different colored notebook for each subject. She was an organization-nut and it clearly showed. When the water turned cold, she shut it off and wrapped herself in a fluffy yellow towel and quickly dried off, toweling her hair dry before she wrapped it back around herself. She unlocked both doors to the bathroom and went back to her room, shivering at the goosebumps that broke out onto her body, but at least the cream-colored carpet was soft on her feet. Her body relaxed at the sound of rain pattering gently on the roof and she sighed contently as she rubbed moisturizer on her face, her eyes squinting as they focused on her reflection in her oval-shaped mirror. Kit stood 5'4, weighing 116 pounds, her body hourglass shaped. She had ivory colored skin, with dark brown freckles that covered her nose and both cheeks. Her eyes were emerald green and her hair was dark chocolate and wavy, cut into a choppy bob and parted slightly down the left. After putting on deodorant and lotion, she slipped on her all black undergarments and proceeded to get dressed. She wore a coral red puff sleeve Peter Pan chiffon blouse, the pure while collar beaded in a pearled and crystal floral design. The swing skirt she wore was black and high-waisted, the shoes black leather scalloped bow ballet flats. She tied the outfit together with a jet black hair scarf, smiling at her appearance. Perfect. She twirled, chuckling when her skirt fanned out. It fell a little past her knees and shouldn't violate any dress code the school might have set and it looked relatively new despite the skirt having belonged to her mother from when she was a teenager. "Kit?" there was a knock at her door, "Kit, can I come in?" Kit grinned and nodded, "Yes, mom. Come in, I want you to see!" The door opened, revealing a woman who resembled her daughter in many ways. Though, Everly Algren's hair was dirty blonde, straight, and fell past her shoulders. Her emerald eyes were alight with joy and she was only two inches taller than Kit. "Look at you," Everly gasped, "Oh, my baby!" "Thanks for the skirt," Kit twirled again, "It fits perfectly." "The shirt too," Everly mumbled, smoothing it out, "Though, this was your grandmother's." "Oh," Kit gasped, pulling away from her mom, "Speaking of grandma, I almost forgot." She rushed over to her bedside table and grabbed the jewelry that rested on top. It was a silver rose embossed pendant locket necklace that looked rather old. Inside, featured a picture; a black and white picture of her grandma when she had been younger. "Want help?" Everly asked, reaching out for the necklace. Kit nodded and turned around, "Please." "You really looked beautiful," Everly said, a warm smile on her face. "Thank you," Kit grinned and then giggled, "You can borrow my clothes if you want." Everly snorted, turning her daughter back around, "Your clothes are my clothes. Well, I guess they used to be." Kit hugged her mother. She was her best friend and they did everything together. Even when her mother was working, Kit would sometimes watch. They definitely had similar personalities. Always laughing and smiling. "Come eat," Everly kissed Kit on her cheek, "Your sister's asking for you and your dad has a surprise." "Okay," Kit nodded, "Just let me grab my coat and my bag." Everly nodded and left the bedroom, going back downstairs to finish preparing breakfast. Kit checked herself in the mirror one last time before she grabbed her pastel yellow, metro station occasion, trench coat. It didn't really match, but that was okay with her. She loved yellow, it was such a happy color. She grabbed her jet black school satchel and double-checked that she had everything before flicking off her light, closing her door, and going downstairs where she could smell breakfast cooking. Upon seeing her older sister come into the kitchen, Indigo gasped excitedly and rushed over, practically bouncing off the walls with excitement, her dirty blonde hair fanning out, "Kitty, Kitty, Kitty!" "Indi, Indi, Indi!" Kit gasped, returning the enthusiasm. She grabbed her sister's hands, "What is it?" Blake Algren snickered, running a hand through his shaggy dark brown hair, his blue eyes bright with amusement, "Indigo, honey, you're going to rip your sister's arms off," he met eyes with his eldest, "I think she's more excited about your surprise than you will be." Kit giggled and went to her father's side to hug him good morning, "Hi, daddy. Ooh, waffles! Oh, and strawberries." "Hey!" Blake cried, swatting Kit's hand away playfully, "You could have the courtesy to use a fork. Did you even wash your hands?" Kit scrunched up her nose, "I just took a shower and I washed my hands after putting on my lotion. I'm clean." "Good," Blake nodded and flipped a waffle onto another plate. Everly sighed contently and wrapped her arms around her husband's waist, resting her head on his back, "If you don't give Kit her surprise, Indigo's going to explode." Blake barked out a laugh, throwing his head back. He was young, only thirty-four and well-built, the short-sleeved shirt defining his muscles and exposing his large tattoo on his right forearm. He had light beige skin and only a bit of stubble on his chin. "Hurry up !" Indigo groaned. "Indigo," Everly gave her daughter a warning look, "Tone, young lady. What do I always say?" "Patience is a virtue," Kit recited, going to sit at the mahogany table. Everly huffed, folding her arms across her chest, "Your sister was supposed to answer that." Indigo huffed as well, scuffing the tip of her black Mary Janes on the floor, "Sorry, mommy." Everly smiled and nodded, "It's okay. Go join your sister at the table." "So..." Kit's eyes darted to the side and back, then narrowed, "Do I get my surprise or…?" "Oh, yeah," Blake mumbled. He turned, "Okay, close your eyes and hold out your hands." Kit did as she was told and covered her eyes with her hand, extending her free one, "Kay, I can't see." Blake waved his hand in front of Kit's face, "You sure?" " Yes ," Kit insisted, "It's very dark." "Very well," Blake chuckled and pulled something out of his pocket, "Here." Kit felt something cold placed into her hand and she startled, closing her fingers around it, "Can I look?" Blake nodded, even though Kit couldn't see him, "Mhm." Kit removed the hand covering her face, allowing her eyes to flutter open. She blinked a few times and frowned before she recognized what was in her hand. Her loud squeak was drowned out by her sister giggling madly. "It's a cell phone!" Indigo cried. "Oh, wow," Kit turned over the warm amber Nokia 7360. She looked at her dad, her green eyes wide, "Really?" "Your mother and I thought you were old enough," Blake wrapped an arm around Everly's shoulders, "You're sixteen and you've been a great help with this move. It's a big change from New Hampshire and you've been strong throughout. So, thank you." "Thank you," Kit grinned, turning the device over in her hands, "Wow, I can't believe it." "There's a camera and a video recorder," Everly pointed, "So, I want you to be extremely careful. Nothing inappropriate and I don't want you texting or e-mailing all the time. Do you understand me?" Kit nodded, slipping the phone into a pocket of her school bag. She would have time to mess with it later, "Yes, ma'am." "I mean it, young lady," Everly said firmly, "It's a big responsibility. Hey, don't scrunch your nose at me!" "'I'm sorry," Kit interjected quickly, "I just—I don't understand what you mean by 'inappropriate'. Like, what?" "I-" Everly stopped suddenly and pursed her lips, the corners quirking up in a smile, "Oh, sometimes I forget who I'm talking too. Never mind, it's better if you don't know. You'll be responsible." "Promise," Kit said, digging into her breakfast when a plate was placed in front of her, "Thanks, daddy." "Of course," he pecked both his daughters atop their heads, "Do you want me to drive you to school?" Kit swallowed her bite and then shook her head, "You don't have to do that." "I want to," Blake said, going over to help his wife with the