Prim likes to joke that Katniss has tunnel vision. A "One track mind is more like it" she heard Gale say once. Katniss didn't find particularly funny and had proceeded to ignore Gale and his childish taunts for the rest of the day. Gale was extremely peeved at her reaction "Can't you take a joke, Catnip?" but for the sake of their friendship he never brought it up again. Prim, on the other hand, still likes to tease her about it. Some days she'll wave a hand off to the side of her face, just to see if she'll turn—which is ridiculous, she's a hunter; there's no way she'd miss something so obvious in her peripheral vision. Other days she's more inconspicuous. Prim will hide something in the house, something small or unimportant that Katniss doesn't use just to see if she'd noticed that it was gone. Normally it would drive Katniss insane, all this pestering, but she can't deny Prim anything. She loves Prim more than anything. It's this kind of love, unconditional and warm that makes her forget sometimes that Prim is, in fact, her little sister. And little sisters sure can be annoying. Katniss didn't notice at first. It was too early in the morning, and even though the sun rises earlier in the summer it is still far too dark for Katniss to have seen anything amiss. Katniss rises out of bed prepared to go hunting with Gale. She readies herself, making sure she's quite so as not to wake her mother or Prim. As she heads for the door, Katniss reaches for the usual spot where she hangs her father's hunting jacket. Instead of the familiar, worn leather, she's met with nothing but air. She turns and is shocked to find her father's beloved hunting jacket not resting on the hook as always. It doesn't take Katniss long to figure out what happened to it. Katniss is extra careful with her father's jacket as it is the only thing that remains of him. Everything else was either sold or blown to bits down in the mines. She knows her mother wouldn't dare touch it. Katniss made it very clear she was not to touch it; her mother lost that privilege when she let her daughters starve. Since it wasn't her mother that points to the only other person in their small home. Prim. Prim must have hidden it as part of her annoying little game. Katniss lets out a groan. She does not have time for this especially today. Katniss marches to the bedroom they share with their mother, not caring if she wakes them both up. Katniss may spoil Prim with love and affection—which to her defense Prim needed from her as their mother was sorely lacking—but enough is enough. She swings the door open disappointed that it didn't make more noise. It's still fairly dark out but enough light has filtered in allowing Katniss to make out the figures in the bedroom. She spots Prim curled up on her side next to their mother and the anger seeps out of her. She's wearing their father's hunting jacket. Prim never wears it. It's much too big for her and meant to be worn by the head of the household, which is now Katniss. Of course she's wearing it. Today's the reaping. Feeling bad for almost waking them up Katniss heads out of the room quietly and slowly closes the door behind her. Prim should get as much sleep as she can. She knows how terrifying your first reaping can be. Katniss decides it's warm enough out and leaves without a coat, purposely stepping on the tail of Prim's ugly orange cat as she heads out. "You know what you did," Katniss says when the cat hisses at her. Once in the woods, Katniss reaches under a hollow log and retrieves her bow and arrows. She takes a deep breath admiring the peacefulness of the woods around her. A rare smile works its way on her lips. Gale always did say she was the happiest out here. She hears a snap and feels something brush past her. She turns and in a split second has her bowstring pulled back taught and an arrow pointing at her unlucky prey. "Hey Catnip." says Gales holding some berries in his hand. He smirks and throws one in his mouth. He knows that's not her name, but after miss understanding her the first time she introduced herself the nickname stuck. Gale thinks it's a fitting nickname. He says lame animals are always seeking her company. She's actually catnip he says referring to the goat and cat at her house and the lynx that followed her around once. He's wrong. Besides the lynx that followed her around for scraps, the other two are only attracted to Prim. Katniss is not generous or compassionate like Prim. Any animal, lame or otherwise, should be smarter than to seek help from her. "Dammit Gale." She lowers her bow "I could have shot you." Gale shrugs, "No you wouldn't." He holds up his other hand "Look what I shot" he says holding up a loaf of bread with an arrow stuck in it. Despite still being mad at Gale for startling her Katniss lets out a small laugh. It's real bakery bread, not the flat, dense loaves her mother makes at home from their meager grain rations. She pulls the arrow out and inhales the fragrance that seeps out from the puncher in the crust. The smell is enough to make her mouth water. "Mm, still warm." She says. "What did it cost you?" Fine bread like this is for special occasions and it must have cost Gale quite a lot. "Just a squirrel. Think the old man was feeling sentimental this morning. Says Gales. "Even wished me luck." He snorts. "Well, it is reaping day. We all feel a little closer today, don't we?" Katniss says thinking back to the way Prim and her mother were pressed up together this morning. Gale just shrugs. Katniss tries not to roll her eyes at Gales' blatant hatred of the merchant class. While most of the merchants—the wealthier and better-fed class of District 12— can be condescending and rude, especially about people from the Seam—the poorer and underfed class of District 12—there are exceptions. Mr. Mellark the only baker in the District 12 is one of those. He's always been kind and respectful when she's traded with him. Most other merchants turn their nose up at her and Gale when they trade—even though they're receiving fresh game—but Mr. Mellark is one of the few that doesn't. "Prim left us cheese…but her mangy cat ate it." Gale laughs, "Isn't it about time you drown that thing? It's fat enough now to provide a decent meal at least." "Don't even joke. I tried that once and Prim cried for hours. As long as the thing never scratches her then I'm fine with having it around." "Well, I got some berries. There's probably more up the hill. Then we'll be able to have a real feast." Katniss nods her head and starts to climb up the hill alongside Gale. Their footsteps are quite, a crucial skill picked up after so many years of hunting together. They continue to climb, picking berries along the way before reaching their favorite spot—a rock ledge overlooking a valley. They sit down together and Gale breaks the bread, handing her half. "Happy Hunger Games!" he says in an upbeat Capital accent, mimicking Effie Trinket— District 12's escort and the woman responsible for choosing the tributes. "And may the odds be ever in your favor!" Katniss plays along, tossing him a berry. He catches it in his mouth and they settle into a comfortable silence. Katniss watches Gales stuff some berries into a slice of bread and takes a bite as she does the same. Their movements are so in sync it amazes her sometimes. She supposes she could attribute their synchronicity to their many years as hunting partners but it's more than that. They're just really similar in many ways—stealthy, stubborn, Seam-born, and head of their households. They both lost their father's in the same mine explosion and as the oldest, they both had to take on the role of primary provider. She met Gale when she first came out here to hunt by herself. It was tense at first, both of them saw the other as competition, and not as allies, but once they grew comfortable around them a true partnership was born. It's times like these, in the stillness and freedom that the woods offers them, that Katniss is grateful they both resorted to hunting to provide for their families. Gale's friendship means a great deal to her. They're close enough to be family—they certainly look like siblings. Sharing the same black hair, olive skin, and gray eyes. All trademarks of the Seam. Katniss sighs. Today would have been a perfect day if it weren't for the reaping. "We could do it, you know." Gale says quietly, breaking the silence. "What?" "Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it." He says. Katniss stares at him, stunned by the sudden turn in conversation. What made him think of such a ludicrous idea? "If we didn't have so many kids." He adds quickly. Between his two little brothers, baby sister, and Prim that makes four kids they have to feed. Not to mention their mothers who rely on them just as much. "I never want to have kids." Katniss finally says. "I might. If I didn't live here." Gale says. "But you do." Katniss counters, irritated. "Forget it." He snaps back. Katniss snorts at his foul mood. It's his fault for bring it up. Why would they leave? They have family here, responsibilities! How could she ever leave Prim, who is the only person in the world she is certain she loves? And Gale…he would never leave his family. So then why? Katniss figures it has to do with this being his last reaping. It's exciting to be so close to over with the nightmare that is possibly being reaped into the Hunger Games, but while it might be his last reaping he's also in the greatest danger of being reaped. You become eligible for the reaping when you're 12 and your name gets entered into the reaping once. Ever year after that your name gets enter once more so by the time you're 18 and almost done with the reaping your name is entered a grand total of seven times. It's more convenient for the capital, she thinks. Its far more entertaining to watch 18 years olds fight to the death than it is 12 years old. In district 12, however, you have the option of signing up for tesserae to get grain and oil in exchange for more slips entered into the reaping bowl. You can sign up for yourself and every member of your family, which is something Gale and Katniss do every year. The threat of starvation today far out weighs the possibility of being reaped for the Hunger games tomorrow. "How many times is your name in today?" Katniss asks. "42," Gale answers. "I guess the odds aren't exactly in my favor." Katniss and Gale make the most of the morning and get a pretty good haul. A few squirrels and even some fish they caught at the lake. Enough meat to trade and still have something nice for dinner. After the reaping, most people celebrate the relief of not being reaped. It's not a great practice, celebrating when two kids have been sent off to slaughter but people in District 12 have very few reasons to celebrate as is. Before heading home, they swing by the Hob, the black market that operates in an abandoned coal warehouse. Greasy Sae, the bony old woman who sells bowls of hot soup from