SHE IS A PRODIGY. An intelligent and gifted sixteen year-old who lives in a minimalist and simple life. A loving daughter. A caring friend. An ordinary chic who sticks with the norm. Annabeth strives for the best yet she is contented to stay in the sidelines. She may be the perfect daughter everyone can be proud of but… is this really what she wanted? HE IS A REBEL. A stubborn eighteen who belongs in the Upper Socials—the world of High School Monarchs and crazy runaways. A guy who never cares where his life might someday lead. A dickhead. An outcast to himself. Percy can be unsure of his real goal and path. He may be lucky with the popularity and family fortune combined but… is it really all that matters to him? The Unwanted and I , narrated by two different characters, is a fan-slash-song-fiction about the colliding pieces of Ms. Bookworm and Mr. Rebel's life. And how they would learn that life itself is nothing but a box of complicated surprises. An Author's Note: Aside from disclaim-ing all the characters in this book except from my obvious add-on characters, I'd like to use this section to say quite a few things: First, I gotta warn you about all the possible flaws this book might have. Grammatical, typographical, original-book-info error, etc. I deeply apologise. Also, some characters might be slightly OOC but believe me, I tried so hard to write them as they are. I guess in this book, this is my another version of Percabeth. They're not mine, after all. They're Rick Riordan's, so. This book also contains a lot of Percabeth. A lot . And some friendship and family drama. You'll love it, I promise =) Ps. Sorry for the inconsistent story formats. All the love. X "Look for the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay a while… And she will be loved… And she will be loved…" A WAKING UP AT THE START of the end of the world, But it's feeling just like every other morning before, Now I wonder what my life is going to mean if it's gone , I hummed to myself as I drove towards school with my faded maroon Chevy. The air blew up my face, making my curls fly wildly. I folded and put my left arm over the car door, driving only with one hand around the wheel. If Athena was here, she'd scold me. Anyway, she wasn't here, so… I bit my tongue to keep the urge of singing loudly along with MatchBox20 . I wasn't so into this band but this song's cool. For me, anyway. A lot of people couldn't appreciate my sense of style in music and fashion . I don't care; they don't know me. I believe the world is burning to the ground Oh well I guess we're gonna find out Let's see how far we've come Let's see how far we've come Well I believe it all is coming to an end Oh well, I guess, we're gonna pretend, Let's see how far we've come Let's see how far we'v— A very unpleasant noise banged up nearby, approaching. It came from a blue convertible with the roof up, speeding along the avenue. When it came hood to hood with my truck, it slowed down so we were side by side. The convertible was on my left so the passenger window was on my view. I thought my Monday morning was going to be great; it started of course with the wonderful breakfast in courtesy of Emma. Emma makes good waffles. Then Athena gave me my new credit card since I lost the last one last week (I know, I know). What never in my mind would pass by was the thought that my morning could be ruined by a brown-haired guy who looked like he had just taken pot this morning. Maybe he had. He was singing raucously the song beating from their car's stereo. I didn't even know what the song is. I just knew it sucks because it has a lot of wailing and drum banging. It was what Athena would call, "hell music". I had listened to some songs like these, yes. I actually liked some. But this one? I just grimaced. Forget it. By the way, what made matters worse was that the guy was leaning over the door of the convertible. He was like singing the song to me while flinging his hands wildly in that supposed-to-be-cool-and-gangly-manner. But to him, it didn't look that way. Positively had taken pot, yeah. Absolutely. I glanced sideways, scowling. Their music was so loud it made my ears vibrate. I put on more gas to get away but they seemed to be toying me because the driver put on more gas, too to keep us still in the same level. I couldn't accelerate more. I would admit I am very cautious with driving. I didn't know, maybe it came to the fact that my Dad— The guy in the passenger seat laughed and whooped. Gosh, what a morning. "Hey! Hey—girl! The blonde!" I gritted my teeth. "Hey! Blondie—the dork with the eyeglasses, yeah!" The best way to respond to a fool is to keep silent , that was what I always say. But I can't pretend that I am not pissed off right now because they seemed to be playing with me around because of my looks. I have a mess of curly blonde hair, past my shoulder blades, now flying wildly around my face. Like what the brown-haired guy said, I wear glasses. Black rectangular-shaped spectacles which are a little over-sized so it dominates my face a little bit. I also wear dental braces so, yeah. You can call me a geek. Like, a nerd. That is who I am, anyway, so I admit it fully. I am a nerd. I am built slim. But my best friend always says that I 'unflatter' my body by wearing too much t-shirts and loose dresses. Also, I am tan. Maybe that's the only great thing in me, though. That I am tan. And that was only because we lived in Cali for fourteen years. It was just the start of my second year here in New York. My nostalgic thoughts were interrupted by the shout again. "Hey! Girl—girl! Yoo—hoo! You also goin' to school?! That's cool!" I rolled my eyes. "Hah! Percy! I think this chic's in Goode, too!" I glared at them. The brown-haired guy was grinning like a lunatic. The driver, Percy, who is a guy with black hair, was smoking while driving. I wanna take the risks of speeding over. But before I could hit the gas more, the convertible shot forward. "Bye, baby! I love yah!" waved the brown-haired guy. I sighed inwardly. What a morning. • The guy was right, for one thing. I was also in Goode High, which was great even if I considered those jerks are in the same school as mine because, Goode is big. Every day, new faces. Though, I got a couple of friends, my cafeteria crowd, considering I was ironically lucky I was a nobody. But I knew those guys, of course. The ones in the blue convertible just a while ago. That's Percy Jackson, the one who was driving. And the one who looked high was Connor Stoll, one of his friends. He's got a brother named Travis who was in the Drummers' Troop, too, like me. I never liked Percy Jackson & Co. that much but I never hated them, too. I didn't know. It just seemed right our paths were never intersecting. They were the ones who were always there in the Friday night parties. Partying. Smoking. Taking pot. And God knows what else. Of course that could be great. I meant, the parties. But too much of something good isn't healthy. Still twenty five minutes before the bell. I sat at the bench at the side of the car park and took my iPad out and started rereading where I left The Fault in Our Stars by John Green. Just to kill time, you know. I would've brought the physical book with me bit it was hardbound so I just chose to read through my iPad even if it kills my eyesight more. I also plugged in my ear-buds to block out the noise. I know most people can't concentrate while there's music around. But I am different. I could read more intently when there was more music around. The marks humans leave are too often scars , says John Green here. I smiled sadly at the thought. John Green is my favorite author. I don't know why but I can always understand and relate to all his point and views. And most of these are just real and true. Scars. I didn't want to make my mark here on Earth as a scar. I didn't want to be the one who'll receive the mark of a scar from someone. I didn't want to be hurt or to feel pain. I didn't want to feel sad and confused. Mad and hopeless. I supposed, all of us wanted to avoid these negative things, too. But I know life, dear friends. And life is always real. You may feel pain and misery from time to time but that's it; that's how we would know that happiness is always there—just after the pain. Just after the cries and failures. You cannot smile if you don't know how to cry. That's a rule of life. I sighed. I guessed I was a philosophical and introspective person. I got that personality from my Dad. He was a History professor in college back in California. My number one best friend and my most favorite person in the whole wide world. Also, he's dead. I knew I was a Daddy's girl and his absence right now for almost two years is his mark he left on Earth. A scar. I knew he didn't want me to see it that way but what would I do? He's gone; he'll never come back. He always used to say that he would like to see me make my marks. He was always the one who believed in my talent the most. My number one fan. My best supporter. C'mere, little Miss Architect, what did you build with these Legos? It's a bridge, Daddy! A bridge! Oho! A bridge! Wonderful! I know you'll do great someday, Ms. Chase! You'll be a successful, magnificent Architect like Mommy here! You'll be the greatest of them all, young lady! But it was sad to realize that he'll never see me make my mark here anymore. He'll be far away, from a distance. A million miles of gap between us that I wouldn't be able to build a bridge for, just to enclose. I wiped my iPad screen with the sleeves of my sweater to dry the tears which had fallen. I told you, I was a Daddy's girl. I looked up and scan the lot. Where was that girl? Was she late again? It's the first day of our second year in High School. She's supposed to be that considerate. Oh, well… I got up to leave to head for Government. We already had our schedules before classes started; that's how it works in Goode. I'd be in Bldg. C in my first subject. As I walked across the lot, I passed by a blue convertible. The blue convertible. Two figures were by the side of it, talking. "I told you, it's nothing. Look, I'm going to be late, Percy. I'll talk to you this lunch," "Cal—we're not done talking—" "Can you please just shut up? I told you we'll talk later—" I ignored them, as usual. The lovers' spat between Percy Jackson and his Cheer Captain girlfriend, Cal McKinley. I used to look up at that girl, Cal. But it was good I