Full Summary: The Demigods, an up-and-coming rock group comprised of Jason Grace, Percy Jackson, and Leo Valdez are about to go head to head with another popular group: the Half-Bloods, whose singer Piper McLean is the daughter of a famous movie star. Her bandmates Frank Zhang, Hazel Levesque, and Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, aren't anyone to mess with either. With the help of their personal manager Annabeth Chase, will the Demigods be able to survive a rivalry with a much more established band, along with the trials of college in New York City and matters of the heart? This is a College/Rock-Band AU set in New York City. Pairings will include: Percy/Annabeth (Percabeth), Jason/Piper (Jiper/Jasper), Frank/Hazel (Frazel), Leo/Nico (Valdangelo/Leico), & Thalia/Reyna (Theyna) Go to the link below for the 8tracks playlist that goes with the fic!(Without the spaces and add all the rest of course!) 8tracks / spottedleafpaw / this-will-be-our-year-fic-playlist Chapter songs are: I'm Not Over (the Demigods) Synthetica (the Half-Bloods) Without further ado, enjoy! This Will Be Our Year It's not a common thing for many people to comprehend, that's for sure. The thrill that comes along with setting up your equipment on stage, the lights shifting to focus onto you, the roar of the crowd as you take your place with perhaps a coy smile in their general direction. The jolt of electricity that comes with playing the first note, the adrenaline pumping through your veins as the music courses through your heart and out into the night. No, it wasn't a common feeling, but it was something that those who were a part of bands like the three boys of the Demigods or the smash-hit group the Half-Bloods both could feel quite well. It never used to be anything as big as stadiums filled with cheering fans, no, it started out for them in much smaller doses and with much more rivalry. Before they became the next big thing, they hated each other with a passion, and this is their story... ~.~ Percy Jackson fought to stay awake in his Intro to Astronomy class, ballpoint pen lying capped and unused on top of a blank notebook as his professor droned on. Next to him, his girlfriend Annabeth Chase was scribbling feverishly into her own notebook and every once in awhile shooting him a glare that clearly stated 'Pick up your goddamn pen and take your own notes.' Percy ignored her, however, and tried to focus on keeping his eyelids from drooping by shifting them to the clock. Five more minutes and it'd be time to head out to lunch; that was all that kept him going, that and the promise of band practice later. He felt his phone vibrate in his pocket and he waited for a moment where the professor had turned his back to scrawl something on the whiteboard with a green Expo marker before he pulled out his phone to peek at it. It was Jason, who had texted him in the group message he was a part of along with the rest of their close friends. Jason Grace: How does Chinese food sound to you guys? Meet at Panda? Not too long after that did another message pop into the conversation before Percy could reply. Leo Valdez: I'm down, just don't let Grover get there first or he'll swap all our food with soy shit. Grover Underwood: STFU, I'm already there anyway ;) Percy Jackson: We'll be there, Grover I swear to god... With that, Percy shoved his phone back in his pocket as the professor dismissed them shortly after, swiping his notebook and pen into his light backpack and turning towards Annabeth. "We're getting Panda together with the guys for lunch, sound good?" he asked her as she put away considerably more study materials than he did. "Yeah, that's fine, just remember I can't stay long since I have that business call I need to make for you guys and then work on my blueprints," she said, tastefully leaving out her annoyance with his shoddy note-taking skills in favor of grabbing his hand as they walked out of the classroom and began making their way across campus towards the Student Center. "You do so much, I still don't know how, but I love you for it!" he was a bit awed, kissing her on the cheek and reveling in the small smile it tugged to her lips as they walked. Percy and Annabeth had been together since junior year of high school, despite having known each other for much longer. They, along with most of their friends, had all graduated from Athens High School in New York State, where they had all lived up until they had made their way to college at Columbia University. They were followed there by their friend Grover Underwood among other classmates from high school, although they saw less and less of each other as the school was rather large. A year later, they were joined by Jason and Leo, who were a year younger than them but couldn't wait to catch up and make it in college. The year wait was tough on Percy, and the reason was because he, Leo, and Jason had formed a rock band back in high school by the name of the Demigods. They started playing together in ninth grade for Percy, eighth for the younger two, and throughout the years increasingly improved and became something of a sensation in their town and surrounding areas. Percy played bass guitar, with Leo on drums while Jason took on the role of lead singer and lead guitar. As Percy and Annabeth made their way through the crowded Student Center, he kept a lookout for his friends in the line or at any of the tables scattered through the dining areas. He spotted Grover almost immediately; Grover had a habit of standing out as his heavily curly hair was dreaded with a few beads threaded through it, and it was shoved every day or so in a different woven beanie. His goatee was curling under his chin a bit as he had already started chowing down on a burrito, forgoing the Asian food it seemed. Next to him was his newly established girlfriend Juniper, another nature freak as Percy affectionately dubbed them. She also had a few dreads in her amber hair which was dyed with a few streaks of green to match her eyes. She had threaded a few feathers in it, and wore flowery clothing almost constantly. Percy waved over at them before he and Annabeth walked over to Panda Express in order to get their lunch. As they got in line, they spotted Jason and Leo a few moments later coming to join them. Leo's curly dark hair was a bit windswept, and the mischievous glint in his eyes matched the silver barbell earring he had sticking through his right ear. He was wearing a dark red long sleeved shirt and distressed jeans with gray vans, his arms covered in leather bracelets as they always were. Jason on the other hand was wearing simple dark jeans and a dark purple hoodie over a white shirt, his converse looking scuffed as usual. "Dudes, I'm so ready to practice the new song today I'm probably going to eat faster than Grover," Leo quipped, an excited grin splayed on his features. "Yeah, that riff you came up with goes really well with the overall beat, I can't wait to get them all in action," Percy replied honestly, nodding at Jason who smiled widely, stretching the scar across his lip as he did so. "Remember I'm getting you that gig today no matter what, so you'd better practice the hell out of your old stuff today too," Annabeth chastised as before she walked up to place her order and pay for her food with her student ID card. "Your girlfriend is seriously the best," Jason muttered, shaking his head a bit. Annabeth acted as their sort of personal manager and sound engineer, working on booking them for shows and combining her expertise with Leo in order to mix and master their music on all sorts of crazy computer programs that Percy didn't understand fully but had a general idea of. "Then you should get one just as awesome, it's about time don't you think?" Percy grinned, earning himself an elbow in the ribs from Jason. He and Leo both snickered before he walked forward and ordered his food, swiping his ID card to charge some of the dining dollars he used to pay. He and Annabeth waited with their food for Leo and Jason to join them before they headed back over to where Grover was still sitting with Juniper. Percy took a seat next to him and caught a whiff of weed as Grover turned towards him to peruse what was on his plate. "Ahh, man! How can you eat this stuff?" Grover whined, pointing to Percy's plateful of sweet and sour chicken. "Those animals were alive once!" "Yeah, and they served their purpose well to become my tasty lunch," Leo snarked back before shoving an entire shrimp coated in soy sauce in his mouth. Even Percy had to wrinkle his nose at that; Percy made a point to avoid eating seafood whenever he could, since his dad worked as a big-time maritime tycoon and in general fish was something Percy couldn't stomach. Percy himself was studying Oceanography which was another reason he hated the thought of eating seafood... He simply knew too much about it. They finished their lunch all together in contented joking around and complaining about classes as normal college kids would; the only difference was that on occasion groups of students who passed them would stop and do a double take before whispering to one another. The Demigods were a popular enough group among some of the resident hipsters and crazy fangirls for a lot of Columbia to recognize the members, especially when they were all three together. Jason got the worst of it, normally; as frontman, he was the most recognizable, and from time to time a group of giggling fangirls might approach him and ask for a picture or even a date if they were bold enough. Percy never understood why he didn't take them up on their offers, but he also knew that Jason wasn't the type of guy to go out with someone just like that. Percy himself would get recognized a few times but Annabeth was normally by his side and the girls wouldn't do anything too pushy under her steely gaze. Leo was the least remembered, and sometimes Percy wondered if it got to him; as drummer, he was in the back and behind a large instrument that blocked him off from whatever crowd was there viewing them. If Leo ever got recognized it was mostly by fellow musicians or guys who appreciated his 'mad drumming skill' or something like that. Percy supposed that all this male attention was probably why Leo was comfortable coming out as bisexual to his bandmates one evening. Once they were all packed up and ready, they left the Student Center in a group before beginning to make their way off campus and towards the bus stop. They all lived off campus in an apartment complex that was honestly not too far by walking distance, which basically made the whole place a sort of student housing without actually being for the students. Tons of others attending the University lived in this complex, and every weekend it turned into a rather rowdy area for parties and all sorts of crazy shenanigans. After hopping off the bus and into the building, they clambered into an elevator hurriedly as they wanted to get to their instruments as soon as possible. "You coming to practice today guys?" Jason asked Grover and Juniper, whose apartment was a few levels above their own. "Yeah, dude, we'll probably swing by after a little something," Grover grinned, miming