Thanks a ton to introspecticskeptic, who so generously helped with this story; I also blame him for getting me hooked on this wonderful series. This is a direct sequel to Shadow of Night; it may help to read that one first. Disclaimer: I own no part of the Percy Jackson series, written by Rick Riordan. ~PJO~PJO~PJO~PJO~PJO~ The sunlight streaming in through the window of Cabin Three signaled Annabeth's brain to wake up. Unfortunately, the rest of her disagreed with her brain. She had been up late the night before; more people had arrived for the ground-breaking ceremony tonight and there were always last minute problems to fix - such as the lake nymphs getting so excited about the Roman demigods returning that they churned up the waters enough that they threatened to over-run the shores. (Annabeth had required some serious charmspeaking help from Piper to settle them down.). Annabeth turned over to avoid the light and get a few more moments' sleep. Her arm flopped over to the space next to her, but instead of landing on Percy's chest, it fell on the cool sheets. Now awake, she sat up and looked around the room. Percy wasn't there; her heart began to race. Calm down, she told herself. He wouldn't go anywhere without telling me. Not now. Her gaze landed on her nightstand. A folded piece of paper lay there, a seashell sitting on top. Picking it up, she began to read. Hey Wise Girl - I'm sure you've noticed I'm not there. Sorry if I worried you. I have a few errands to run, so Blackjack and I are gonna be gone most of the day. But I will be back in plenty of time for the ceremony, so just focus on what you need to do. I'll see you tonight, 'kay? Love, Seaweed Brain Shaking her head, she set the note back down and swung her legs out of bed. Campers still technically weren't allowed to be in a cabin that was not their own with a member of the opposite gender, but after the war, Chiron had made an exception for her and Percy. Annabeth was head councilor for Cabin Six, but in name only; most of her time was spent elsewhere. Malcolm had taken over duties while she was gone on the Argo II and she hadn't been able to take many of them back. She'd have to do something about that soon. Annabeth stretched and reached for her clothes. As she dressed, she went over the plan for today. The start of the ceremony wasn't until sunset and, as it was early July, that wasn't until about eight-thirty at night. Hopefully, everyone would be in place. Reyna was coming in this afternoon with a small contingent of Roman demigods, including Dakota and Layla. Tyson should be here soon with a few of his best cyclops builders; they were going to put a few sets of stadium seating up for everyone; then tomorrow, they would begin clearing the land set aside for New Athens. As she brushed out her hair, her mind kept drifting to Percy. He had been seriously worried about her after the fight with Nyx in Central Park. He had reason to be, of course, but seeing as she came out of it with only a few new scars, she thought his overprotectiveness was a little exaggerated. It took the combined efforts of Thalia, Grover, and Piper to convince him to let her come back to Camp with them the day after the fight. Percy hadn't really been out of her general vicinity for more than a few hours since then, so it was a bit of a surprise to find him gone this morning. Oh well, she thought and turned to walk out the door and start her day. I suppose I'll find out where he went soon enough. ~PJO~PJO~PJO~ Blackjack soared through skies over New York City with Percy on his back. Even a winged horse could tell that something was making his boss worry. Yo, Boss, he whinnied, tilting his head back to try and look at his rider. Wanna tell me what's making you so nervous? Percy smiled. "Nothing bad, I promise," he said, "But we've got a long ride ahead of us." The pegasus turned back to face forward again. Where are we going again? "First, San Fransisco, then back to New York," answered Percy. Blackjack snorted. California and back in one day? That's some serious flying, even for me. "I'll make it worth your while," coaxed Percy. Blackjack thought for a moment. Donuts? Percy nodded. "Yup - two dozen, all for you as soon as we get back." With the pink frosting? "Is there any other kind? And sprinkles, too, of course." Blackjack flapped his wings a little harder. Then let's get to California and back ASAP, Boss - donuts are waiting! A few hours later, Blackjack landed outside a familiar looking house in San Fransisco. Percy slid off the pegasus' back. "I don't plan to be long," he said. "So just stay close." Blackjack bobbed his head in acknowledgement before lifting into the air once more. Percy turned and walked up to the front door. He took a deep breath and knocked. A young boy, about ten or eleven, opened it. "Hey Matthew," Percy said. "Is your dad home?" Matthew nodded. "Dad!" he yelled. "Annabeth's boyfriend is here!" The boy stepped aside to let Percy in the house. Percy saw Bobby run through the house, a remote in hand and a small helicopter flying ahead of him. Percy waved to the running boy, who said a hurried "Hi Percy!" "Hey!" shouted Matthew, taking off after his brother. "No fair! That's mine!" A disembodied female voice came from the direction of the kitchen. "Boys! I've told you before - no flying things in the house! Take it outside!" "Okay mom!" the boys said in unison as they rushed back past Percy and out the door. "Sorry about that - summer's not even half done and they're already driving their mother and I up the wall." Percy turned to see Dr. Chase, Annabeth's dad, walking down the stairs. "Hi Dr. Chase," Percy greeted. He held out his hand and the older man shook it. "Did Annabeth come with you? I was under the impression that she was going to be very busy for the next few weeks." "Ah, no, she didn't," Percy said, "I actually wanted to talk to you about something. Dr. Chase raised an eyebrow. "Really? Come on up to my study - we can talk there." Percy sat in an armchair on the opposite side of the desk from Annabeth's dad, trying not to let his shaking nerves show. He had faced down countless monsters, gods, titans, spirits, and primordial beings, yet this made him nervous? "So Percy, what brings you to San Fransisco, especially without Annabeth?" Percy swallowed. "Well, I...I just..." He took a deep breath, composed himself, and started over. "I've known Annabeth for years now. You know that I care for her. And she cares for me. I honestly don't know what I'd do without her or where I'd be without her. I came here today to ask you if...if you would allow me to ask Annabeth to marry me." Dr. Chase sat in silence for a time. Percy sat across from him in equal silence, trying not to freak out. If Dr. Chase didn't approve...well, Percy was pretty sure Annabeth would say yes to him regardless of what their parents said (they never were ones to care too much about what others thought), but he would feel better with their blessings. The older man finally spoke. "You have been a very large part of my daughter's life for years. I know you will protect and provide for her with all your strength. I also know that I have been...not the best father I could be for her." Dr. Chase caught Percy's gaze. "You make her happy and that's all a father could ask for. You have my blessing." Percy sighed, slumping down a bit in relief; Dr. Chase chuckled in response. "Thank you," Percy said. "Thank you so much." Dr. Chase smiled. "When do you plan to ask her?" Percy stood; the older man did the same, walking around the desk to stand next to his (hopefully) soon-to-be son-in-law. "Tonight, at the dedication ceremony, I hope. I just have to talk to my parents, then head to Olympus." Dr. Chase winced in sympathy. "Athena?" Percy nodded. "And Poseidon. I'm pretty sure my dad will be okay with it, but Athena's had it out for me for years." Clapping Percy on the shoulder, he grinned. "Good luck, son - you'll need it." ~PJO~PJO~PJO~ Percy stood outside the Chase home with a small bag in one hand; a quick whistle had Blackjack in front of him, ready to go. Hey Boss! How'd it go? Hopping up on the pegasus' back, Percy replied. "I got what I needed. Now we need to go back to New York - my parents' place." Blackjack flapped his wings to take off, but Percy stopped him. "Wait - hold up a sec; I nearly forgot something." What? Percy reached into the bag he was holding. "Mrs. Chase packed us a snack for the road," Percy said, pulling out an apple and reaching forward to give it to his friend, "And this is yours. It's not a donut, but..." The apple was gone almost before the words had left his mouth. It'll do until donuts. Let's fly! Another couple hours and they were hovering over the fire escape outside Percy's bedroom at his parents' apartment. They may have moved into a larger apartment the previous year, but they made sure to give Percy the room with the fire escape - it came in very handy with various demigod issues. "Thanks man - er, pegasus. I shouldn't be long here either," Percy said as he slid off Blackjack's back and onto the fire escape. No problem, Boss. Good luck! "Thanks!" Percy replied and pushed open the window to slip into his room. "Hey mom? Paul? Anyone home?" Percy called, opening his door. "In the kitchen, dear," his mom called. Percy entered the kitchen to find his mom in the middle of lifting cookies off of their baking sheet and onto a cooling rack. "Sweet! Cookies!" Percy snatched one, avoiding his mom's swat at his hand, and made his way to the pantry. "Do we have any sugar cubes?" "I think so - they should be in the box," his mom said, still pulling cookies off. "Why?" "Blackjack's taken me to the West Coast and back today - he deserves a treat," Percy explained, finding the box and grabbing a bowl from the cabinet. He poured some cubes into the bowl and dashed out of the kitchen again. "I'll be right back." Percy slipped back into his room and stuck his head out of the window. "Hey Blackjack!" Yeah? The horse dropped down and hovered in front of him. "Here you go," Percy said and set the bowl within reach of the pegasus. "A little something to hold you over until we can get donuts." The pegasus' eyes widened. Sugar cubes! Alright! Leaving his friend to enjoy his snack, Percy went back into the kitchen to find his mom and stepdad. "Percy," his mom said and snagged him in a hug. "I thought you'd be busy at Camp, not here in the city." "Well, yeah," he replied; he returned his mom's hug before sitting down on a stool at the breakfast bar of the kitchen and swallowing the last of his pilfered cookie. "Camp is busy, but I needed to go a few places today, including here. But I needed to ask you both something." Sally and Paul took seats on the two stools opposite Percy. "Okay," said Paul, "What is it?" Percy shifted a bit on his stool; he wasn't