I don't own Twilight Stephanie Meyer does. I was driving my black Mercedes on the night of the full moon. It was late and I still had to unpack my things but I sped into a forested area at the outskirts of Forks, Washington. I parked my car on some gravel outside the forest. I took my keys out of the ignition, and stuffed the keys in my pocket. I got out of my car and locked it behind me. I stepped into the forest and kept walking. The moon was awfully bright tonight, and beautiful of course. I reached a clearing surrounded by trees. I walked to the middle of the clearing and stared relentless at the moon with hatred. If it was nonexistent then I could be normal, or forever dreaming in a cold sleep known as death. I got a vision which showed me 5 vampires with hazel eyes, which I knew they were Dr. Cullen's children. I hated seeing into the future the visions were taxing on my mental state and my physical state. I tend to get nauseated and migraines. In about 30 seconds the 5 mentioned vampires were in front of me. There was a bronze hair colored male vampire that I distinguished as Edward Cullen. There was no dooubt that he was the leader of these vampires because he was the first one Carlisle turned. Behind him was a tall blonde haired female vampire, who was wearing Prada heels. I distinguished her as Rosalie Hale. Next to her was a tall muscled vampire with short dark brown hair who I distinguished as Emmett Cullen. Next to him in comparison was a short female vampire with short dark brown hair who is Alice Cullen. Next to her was a tall male vampire with curly (for a guy) who I remember Carlisle saying that his name was Jasper Hale. The leader who had bushy eyebrows and I knew his name was Edward, from my deductions. He spoke "Why are you in our forest?" I made a snide comment "Your forest? I don't see anyone's name on it." My remark made him angry I mentally rejoiced at this. He spoke again " We own the land that the forest is on." I want to piss this stupid vampire off "No you don't. Carlisle Cullen own's this land and you are just someone he sired. And you are definitely not Carlisle, you're not as charming." This angered him he grabbed my neck with his right hand and was holding me up off the ground. He was glaring at me and I was outright giggling. He stared at me for about 2 minutes, this was creeping me out. I spoke this time "Hey stop staring I know I'm sexy but keep your hormones in your pants." This caused Emmett to downright laugh. I spoke again "And one more thing your bushy eyebrows are freaking me out." He was death glaring at me now yippee. He spoke "I can't read your mind. How is that?" I giggled and retorted back "Because I'm not letting you read my mind DUH." He tightened his grip on my neck and asked me "Why aren't you trembling with fear?" I outright laughed at him . "You aren't scary, I've killed monsters much scarier than you." He seemed even angrier and tightened his hold on me, this pissed me off. I took my right hand and squeezed his arm. which made him let go of my throat and allow me to drop to the ground, I was only 15cm or 6 inches shorter than him.. I still had my hold on his arm. So I did a judo move that wound up flipping him and having him go onto the ground face first into the ground. "Respect your elders boy." I had my foot on his head and was pushing down so he could heat mud. All a sudden my phone started ringing and the ringtone Stayin Alive by the Beegees went off. I was ignoring it I didn't care who was calling me at the moment, I was too busy relishing in what had happened. Then the blonde I knew as Rosalie asked me to answer my phone. I immediately answered it and I heard her voice, it sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard. I spoke into the receiver "Hello mother how are you?" Her screeching was giving me a migraine. "Oh jail is bad who would've knew?" She kept yelling at me. "Hahahahaha you want me to bail you out oh you're funny." The vampires were staring at me disrespect my mother, what a strange predicament. Carlisle and Esme showed up and asked who I was on the phone with. I whispered "mother" at them they seemed upset because they knew of my past with my mother. "What about the others why can't they bail you out?" Her voice was like the sound of a cat getting ran over by a lawnmower. "Oh I'm sorry that I was curious about my abilities. I was only seven when I could levitate objects, start fires without flint, steel, stones, or wood. Or how I made it storm when I was angry. I could do all these things and I had no idea how. Then the townspeople found out you disappeared. I stayed behind where I ended up tortured , hung, stoned, crushed, and tied to a stake and burned. But guess what? After I didn't die they stabbed me and removed my heart only further proving my immortality." With what I said I got a flashback of what happened 300+ years ago. I saw my mother run off leaving me with a bunch of towns people. They hauled me off they bound chains around me and threw me into the lake. I and wound up getting out of my chains and floating to the surface. I swam to land where they dragged me to this platform with a noose and they wrapped it around my neck. I was pushed down a hole that suspended me in the air. I was up there till sundown. To which they took my body down till they found out I was still breathing. I was then taken to the middle of the village. Where they pelted me with stones. Those stones would graze my skin and leave a wound. My cells would regenerate and the process would continue again. They dropped me onto the ground pressed a board onto me. They piled stones on me to crush me buts ince that didn't work either. My body structure wound up regenerating. And then the next day they tied me to a stake and piled wood around me which they lit on fire. My body was then singed until this lady stepped into the fires. She untied my weary body and transported it to her lovely home. I snapped back to reality after hearing my mother scream my name. "What? Can't someone remember a memory in peace." She started screaming at me for ignoring her, she called me several unpleasant names. "You are not my mother anymore, I am disowning you as my mother." And immediately she shouted "YOU'RE A CUNT AND YOU'LL ALWAYS BE A CUNT." With that I crushed my phone into a million pieces. I removed my foot from Edward's head and spoke "Did you guys hear that?" Edward got up from off the ground and all the vampires nodded. I whispered to myself "of course they heard it they're vampires." I walked towards Carlisle and put my hand in front of him about to shake hands and said "Dr. Cullen it's been a while." I was expecting him to shake my hand but instead he enveloped me in a hug. He was squeezing me, this was getting questionable. "I know you're a vampire and all but I'd kinda like to be able to breathe." They laughed and Carlisle let go of me only to have Esme hug me. "C'mon already I would like some oxygen today." This caused a lot of them to chuckle. Esme let go of me and I turned around to Rosalie, Emmett, Jasper, Alice, and Edward. "Well I'm Roxanne Nottingham and I'm an immortal. Nice to meet you Rosalie, Emmett, Jasper, Alice, and Edward. " And with saying their names I pointed to each individual person. I turned to Edward. "Sorry for beating you up earlier I've had a horrible day. Your attitude and the fact that you had me in a choke hold did not do you any justice." And at that exact moment my stomach grumbled you gotta love your body functions. Then Esme asked me in a stern voice "When was the last time you ate?" I thought about this for a couple minutes. " When was the last time I visited you two and you pestered me about eating. You all but forced me to eat that delicious meal." She replied "That was two years ago." I replied " I've had small things since then like a piece a bread a month but I guess I ate two years ago." She started dragging me off towards their house. I pointed at Jasper. "Hey you, Jasper, could you please get me my car it's on the outskirts of the forest in the East. It's a 2014 Manual Stingray with purple plush interior with a license plate that says bite me." And I tossed him the keys to my vehicle "And if there's one tiny scratch on it I will kill you." Esme dragged me off towards the house. While the rest of the vampires followed behind except Jasper who was getting my car. We ran towards the house, and walked into it and into the kitchen. Jasper walked in and tossed my keys back to me and I asked him "Did you get any scratches on the car?" To which he responded "No ma'am." It seemed he had a southern form of chivalry to him, how interesting. She sat me down and started to cook something, and I spoke up "Do you want to go through with the pregnancy?" Rosalie stared at me in shock "What do you mean pregnancy?" "Well Esme has always wanted children. Even though raising vampires is in a way like raising children. It is not the same and with my magic on a night with the full moon in the clearing in the forest. Esme will have to drink a potion which will taste horrible. After that a light will go into Esme which will cause her to become fertile. Her and Carlisle will have to have intercourse and the baby will be ." Rosalie seemed in awe of what I said. "If you want I can make you fertile." She seemed in disbelief of what I said and she replied "Are you sure?" "Yes think of it as a gift, Carlisle and Esme have raised me like I was their child. So that would make us sisters so it would be a gift to you as my sister." Rosalie looked like she was going to cry. "Hey don't cry there's no need for tears but you can hug me if you want." And with what I said I stood up and hugged her and she hugged me back and we stood there for a few seconds. And she let go and I sat back down and got another phone and dialed my sister "Crys?" "Yeah, who is this?" "It's Roxanne, you know you're little sister." "Oh, Hi Roxy." "Hey I might not make it home tonight, kay?" "Okay sounds good, oh the Orpheum called, about your audition tomorrow." "I know but I still can't believe I have to audition. I thought my name was everywhere, anyways good night, don't go to bed too late you have work tomorrow." Edward stared at me with a strange look on his face "Audition?" "Oh I have to Audition at the Orpheum. Which I suppose is the