What if fem! Percy discovered that she was a demi-goddess when she was seven? What if she figured out why her mum married Smelly Gabe? What if she ran away? What if she was Apollo's Roman legacy? A seven year old with black hair with gold steaks ran as the snake woman chased after her. She had just finished gymnastics practice and was heading home when the woman had attacked her. Her step-father was supposed to pick her up but he was too lazy to be bothered. Actually she was pretty sure that he would prefer that she didn't return at all. "Little Demi-goddesssss, sssstop and let me eat you," the monster hissed after her fleeing prey. Of course, that only made her sprint faster until she tripped. It looked like that the monster had won but when she had tripped, her gymnastics ribbon had fallen out of her as well as her sun clip which transformed into a dagger. Both items had belonged to her grandmother which had then been passed to her. She quickly got to her feet with the ribbon in one hand and the dagger in the other. Facing the monster, she flicked her ribbon so it tangled up in the serpent trunks the monster had for legs causing the monster to trip face down. Before the monster could rise, she stabbed it with her dagger. The monster hissed as it deteriorates in to golden dust. The girl stood shell shocked at the fact that one of the myths her mother read to her every night was real. That a Scythian Dracanae had attacked her and the fact her father wasn't dead, he was a god. But why would her mother marry a smelly man like her step-father if she had been with a god? Her mother told her every night that she was the most precious thing in her life, so she married him because he smells so human that it covered her godly scent to stop monsters from attacking her. But now that she knew this, would her mother leave him with her there? Not likely. So she would have to run away like she had seen in her dreams and pin her disappearance on her step-father for her mother to achieve her dream of writing her own book. She walked home, planning on running away. She walked into her mother's apartment; Smelly Gabe was playing poker with his buddies like usual. She sighed as she got ready to deal with him. "So the brat's finally home, go get me and my friends a beer, worthless trash," He ordered, not caring about his step-daughter at all or the fact he was supposed to pick her up from practice. She went and received the requested items before disappearing to her room. She found her school bag and emptied the contents on her bed. She picked up her artwork supplies, her hidden money, first aid kit and eight sets of clothing and placed them in the bag before stashing her school equipment under her bed. She grabbed three of her favourite photos, one of her grandparents and her mother, one with her great-uncle and her mother and the last with both her and her mother and wrapped them in a blanket and stashed them in the bag, she fletched her school toiletries and stored them in the bag. She placed the bag next to her flute case as she would have a lesson the following day. She would grab food on her way out as her step-father was to drop her off at her teacher's place in the morning which he won't do. "Sweetie, how was your practice?" Her mother asked as she entered the girl's room. The demi-goddess hugged her mother tightly and answered, "Great, the coach says I have improved a lot since he last saw me but Smelly Gabe didn't pick me up this afternoon so I walked home." "Persephone Artemis Jackson, What have I said about calling your step-father Smelly?" Mrs Jackson warned. Percy frowned, "Not to." "Good girl," Her mother praised before asking about her plans for tomorrow. Percy smiled sadly, knowing today would be the last day her mother would see her or she would receive hugs from her mother or taste her mother's baking. "I'm planning after my flute lesson tomorrow morning to spend time in the library to complete my summer homework," Percy informed her mother as she did every week on Sunday. "Ok, I made cookies for you to give to your classmates so remember to fletch them before you leave, okay?" Sally reminded her. They both walked out to have dinner. What Sally didn't know was the lesson had been cancelled because the teacher had fallen ill and Gabe had been the one to receive the message, though one of Percy's Gymnastics friends also attended flute lessons had passed the message to Percy. The next day after Gabe had left to check on his employees, Percy gathered storable foods that were long-lasting and dumped them into her bag before writing her farewell note. Mum, I love you but I can't stay in the way of your dreams. You deserve better than being treated like a servant in your own home. Maybe without me around you can achieve your dreams that you put on hold to protect me. Smelly Gabe should rot in the fields of punishment. When he dies, I hope Uncle Hades punishes him thoroughly. I love you and I will be fine. I have a dagger able to kill monsters and my ribbon. I think grandma was a demi-goddess like me as her clip transformed into a dagger. Love you forever, Persephone Artemis Jackson, Daughter of Sally Jackson and whoever my father is, Great-Granddaughter of someone. PS I Love You but Be Selfish. Go for your dreams. She took one more look around the apartment before whispering farewell. She took off running, not knowing were her feet would take her. The only thing she followed were her dreams which were starting to get really realistic after she had discovered her inheritance. She discovered the moon pin transformed into a bow that formed its own arrows and the treble chef pin changed into a harp about a month after she ran away. About three months later, she ran into a group of three half-bloods who were very rude to her or at least the two females were. They told her to go away when she offered them food. She advised them that they should head to Long Island as that held a camp of people like them. She knew she wouldn't fit in being the daughter of Poseidon as her father had broken the pact and her Roman ancestry. The male apologised for his companions, to whom she replied that he wasn't bad for a son of Hermes and his fate rests with him, no else could see his exact path. She ran off before he could reply. Three years later, she had started visiting hospitals to give courage to those who were in need of hope. The nurses knew her story, or most of it. They knew she was in search of her father's family and her mother had married an awful man to keep the food on the table until she couldn't handle it anymore and left so her mother could live her own life. They always had prepared one meal for the ten year old so they could make sure she had eaten at least once a day. A new doctor was flirting with the nurse on desk when Percy walked in. His eyes narrowed in on her hairpins and her eyes. "Hi, Vanessa," She greeted the nurse, walking to the counter, "How's the children?" The nurse smiled fondly at the daughter of the sea, "Excited for your visit as always. Then you eat, honey." "She's the miracle worker I've been hearing about?" The doctor asked curiously. Vanessa giggled as Percy replied, "Not a Miracle-worker, the nurses and doctors are. I just give hope and kept those who panic calm." "Why don't you go with her, Fred?" Vanessa suggested, "And make sure she eats," Percy rolled her eyes, "Come on, Doctor Fred , might as do as she says or she might decide to commit us." She dragged him down the hall. About half-way to the children's section, she stops and bows to her companion, "Lord Apollo," She whispered respectfully. Apollo smiled at the young demi-goddess who he suspected was his great-granddaughter, "Rise, little hero," He replied, "Those pins, the sun, the moon and the treble chef, tell me how you received them?" "They were my grandmother's, my lord," She answered politely; "She was a Roman Demi-goddess who died in a plane accident when my mother was five." Apollo clicked his fingers and a hologram of the sun appeared over her head, "I guess you hadn't gone to either camp as you're Roman and Greek, Granddaughter." "Not exactly, my father poses a problem," she admitted as she made a water ball from the nearby drinking fountain. "If my father claims me, Havoc would reign after what happen last time with Thalia." Apollo's eyes widened as he watched his legacy play with the sphere of water. He knew with Poseidon breaking the oath and if Hades found out, his Granddaughter would be the one to pay. "How did you know Thalia's fate?" "I inherited the gift of premonition, my dreams and I met her shortly after I ran away." She whispered, "Luke, the son of Hermes, his mother tried to become the oracle and believes that she saw his exact path in life. I hope I encouraged him to find his own path but he walks a fine line" He hugged her, knowing what a burden seeing the possibilities of the future was. "I'm sorry that you received that gift." He ruffled her hair playfully, "I think you kept your audience waiting long enough." They both raced down the hallway, knowing their conversation wasn't finished. The children cheered as they saw Percy walk into the room. The treble clef pin changes instrument if you wish it to Apollo spoke into Percy's mind. She smiled at the children who were jumping up and down in excitement. "You know the rules fives songs before Vanessa's watcher forces me to eat the three more songs then Doctor Fred sings." She reminded them. It's traditional that the person, who Vanessa sets to make sure I eat or she admits me into the hospital, sings. She mentally explained. The children cheered and sung along as she performed. She chatted to all the children at lunchtime so much that Apollo had to remind her to eat which all the children copied. Percy pouted making the children laugh. Apollo shook his head in amusement, knowing if she ever had children, she would be a great parent. She was exactly like Georgia, her grandmother. Like his daughter, he couldn't suggest she join his twin's hunters. Apollo stood up at the end of her last song, "I hope you have one last song left because I'm not singing if you don't," "Of course, I do," she nodded. "Do you know Fear Not This Night?" Apollo grinned, "And you say you're not a miracle worker." She rolled her eyes as she sat at the piano. {( watch?v=rtDmdQeNMJo&list=PLpQ-771RGJd2-4FZ0beJXXBSpJ0K19eUB) and imagine that a male is signing with her} They finished playing and bowed to their audience of clapping children. The dark shadow in their eyes was replaced with the light of hope. Percy smiled seeing her job was done, "I have recorded the song for all of you on the cd which I'll hand to Vanessa before I leave. If you want a copy ask her, okay?" She suggested, knowing that she won't see them again. She had a son of Hermes to save from Ladon. What did you see? Apollo mentally asked, knowing that she had a vision. Percy smiled. I need to go