Saints Chapter One :: Light it Up && Burn it Down A/N: I ended up merging the original chapter one and two into the big one for the first chapter. You can expect every chapter to come in around 10,000 - 12,000 words from this point on. Because of this, updates will probably come in about every other week. The car jerks to a stop in the otherwise empty driveway, and though the house is in the exact same state as it was when I left it a few hours ago, it is somehow entirely different. Or maybe it's just me. Maybe I'm entirely different. Because before, pushing through that front door felt like busting through iron cage bars. Stepping outside into the chill of the winter night felt like ridding myself of heavy shackles. Driving away down the street in my white Jeep liberty, headed towards Kensington . . . It was my getaway. It was my escape. It was my freedom. It was a step towards change; a step out of the shell that I'd allowed my father to stuff me in, concealing my real self with a better version. But now that I'm back at the house, stuffed in the bed of a different truck, surrounded by intimidating people that I hardly know, it doesn't look like my prison anymore. It looks like my refuge. The doors to the truck swing open when the other two trucks pull up behind us, and bodies pile out one after the other. The people around me follow suit, using the sides of the truck as leverage to swing themselves over and out, landing on the ground easily and spreading out over the front lawn. In seconds I'm the only person left in the bed. This is insane. Why did I ever think that this was a good idea? This isn't me. This isn't how I'm supposed to act. I'm no criminal. I'm a straight-A student with a record so clear it would sparkle and shine in a dark room. I'm a sixteen year old with more friends in retirement homes than in my school - only having one friend that I regularly spend time with - with community service hours that would make Mother Teresa's cheeks flush with shame. Not a single curse has passed through these lips, and the same goes for any and all illegal substances. I've never had a non-platonic relationship in my life. I was accepted into a special allied health program that allows me to work with patients in a hospital freshman year, and have successfully continued it every year that followed. I'm going off to my first choice of college next fall with a full scholarship. I'm the child that every parent wants. Quiet, intelligent, considerate, and compassionate. Pleasantly boring. And as pathetic as that is, and as much as I wish I weren't, it's not something that I can change. Isabella Swan is pleasantly boring. She doesn't do things like go out past the curfew her father set for her. She doesn't converse with gang members. And she most certainly doesn't try to become one. More importantly though . . . Isabella Swan doesn't burn down houses. Especially not her own. "The fuck are you waiting for?" My eyes dart over to the owner of that voice. I don't know his name. "Get out of the damn truck. I wanna get my dick wet tonight and you're dragging ass," he says crudely, yanking the girl closest to him by her arm into his chest. She chuckles sultrily, tilting her hips backwards, rubbing up against his crotch. My legs shake as I uncurl them from their pretzel position and stand. I peek over the side of the truck to see how far the fall is. This truck is monstrous. It's easily a five foot drop. A large hand appears beneath my wide eyes, so large that it blocks my view of the ground. Jake. A boy that I've known since I was ten years old. A boy that I've tried to fit in the place of another after it happened; after my father adopted me from the shelter where my mother abandoned me. A boy that never quite filled the other's place, but fit well enough for me to pretend that he did. Enough for me to pretend that he filled the crater that the other boy had left in me. And now, for this reason, every time I look at Jake I see the fourteen year old boy who'd held me all night every night at the shelter. I see the boy who let me soak his shirt with tears. I see the boy who allowed me to follow him around every day - who never grew tired of my presence. I see the boy who I fell in love with when I was nine years old. The boy that made me feel wanted. The boy that made me feel safe when gunshots could be heard outside, when nightmares pulled me from my sleep and into his arms. The boy who broke his promise to me. Jake is frowning when I look up at him. Disappointed? Annoyed? "Come on," he urges, moving his hand even closer for me to take. Angry? Bored? Tired? I can't tell. I take his hand regardless, and he helps me to the ground. He lets go and strides over to the rest of the Hell Hounds to stand next to Sam, the leader of the gang. Jake has stayed next to Sam all night. Maybe he's second in command. He's never told me much about his gang, and I've never officially met any of them before tonight. I think he's always purposely kept me out of the loop. Then again, the time we spend together is generally shared with my ever-present father, and he certainly wouldn't want him to know that he's in a gang. Seth, the only other Hound that I know personally, comes up and wraps an arm around my shoulders. "You ain't backing out?" He asks me playfully, although it isn't a question. "Come on! This is easy shit!" The arm around me is light, but it leads me closer to the rest of the pack. Aside from Sam and Jake, they're all in motion now. The front door has been kicked in, and I can see people moving quickly from room to room through the windows. I'd forgotten to close blinds before I'd left. One of my father's rules is that the blinds need to be closed after seven. Preferably at the exact moment that night falls, but never past seven. If he hadn't been held up at the station, they would have been. I wouldn't be watching the Hounds rip and tear my house apart, saving only what they wish to keep for themselves, dousing everything else in gasoline from containers that I don't recall seeing before now. They're very thorough. I don't think I've ever been more relieved that my father wasn't home than I am in this moment. I have a feeling that he wouldn't have lived to see the next day. He'd have died before his traitorous daughter. A shiver runs through my frame. "You got this, girl." Seth pats my back comfortingly. Strangely, I do find comfort in this gang member's touch. But then we were playmates as children, so I guess it makes sense. We were close up until he turned fourteen over two years ago – up until he became a member of the pack. Surprisingly, he seems to be the same as he was since the last time we spoke: playful, friendly, and almost puppy-like in his excitement. I'm not fooled though. I know that he's just as bad as every other person in this lot. Jake and I have always been friends. He didn't give me up the way Seth did when he joined the pack, but then that might be because he has a higher rank. Maybe Jake can do whatever he wants, and Seth has to do what he's told. Will I have to do what I'm told? I watch as someone lifts up my bedroom window. It's a girl. "Anything we can sell in there?" Sam calls up to her. "Guns," she replies. "But they hot, so no. No jewelry. No money." Distracted, she looks at something on the wall next to her. Her laugh is loud and obnoxious, and then she pops back though the window, sneering as she holds something out. "You some kind'a smartass?" She taunts, shaking one of my plaques around carelessly over the ground. She reads the encryption aloud before dropping it. I watch as it breaks into splinters on the concrete. A few other plaques suffer the same death. When I look back up she's already gone, and now they're all flooding out of the house just as quickly as they'd gone in. Suddenly a box of matches is in my hand. I don't know who put it there. I turn, expecting to find Seth at my side, but there's no one there. Seth is leaning against the mailbox now, at the end of the driveway. Far away from the house that is about to go up in flames. When Sam had asked me if I knew what I was getting myself into, I said yes. And when he asked me if I could handle it, I lied. I said yes again. Because I don't seem like the kind of person who would be a good liar, and probably because Jake knows me and didn't object, and largely because my father is a cop, he didn't question it. There's no turning back now. If I chicken out, they'll turn on me. They might even toss me in the house and finish the job themselves. Gangs love nothing more than messing with the police. What better way is there to screw over a cop, than to pull his daughter into the chaos that comes with being a member of a gang, trashing her promising future, and using her as a pawn to ruin his life? Starting by destroying his home. "Alright, Iz," Sam grunts from behind me. That's not my name. Nobody calls me that. Ever. I don't like it. It doesn't sound like me. I don't turn, but I feel him press entirely up against my back. Two hands come down on my hips, squeezing so tightly that it's nearly impossible to keep myself from wincing. To stop myself from showing just how weak I really am. It's definitely going to leave a bruise. Fingers push locks of hair behind my ears as he leans in. Lips brush my lobe as he whispers, "Light 'er up." I don't like having him this close to me. I haven't been this close to someone - and in this way - in so long that it feels unnatural. Claustrophobic. I want to step away from him but I know that he won't let go. I look down at the matches in my hand again. This is it. It's a complete mistake, but it's far too late to change my mind. All I have to do is light a match and drop it. And then everything after that, but I'm deciding not to think of the future anymore. I've worried about the future and the past for so long that I haven't been able to live in the present - not that my father ever would have let me anyway. He has always been too busy trying to make up for his own sins that he never allowed me to commit any of my own. Everybody has to sin sometime. If they don't, they might as well be dead. This might not be my particular preference of sin, but it's a sin nonetheless. A step towards changing myself. A step towards happiness - something that I haven't experienced in a long, long time. Not since the last time I saw