I know that I have been quiet for a very long time, life just seems to catch up sometimes. I will eventually finish my other stories but for now, here is something new to chew over. I already have four chapters of this down so I will hopefull updating on a more reagular basis over the next few weeks. This is very different for me so just try and bear with it an as always, please let me know what you think in the comments section. The devastation around him was too much He was too late to save them. It was all his fault. He didn't know what the fuck to do. They were gone. Dumbledore was going to pay. Right after he had squeezed the life out of that traitorous rat. The wail of a child brought Sirius out of his destructive thoughts and he focused his attention to what little was left of the upper floor of the cottage. Not daring to hope, he sprinted up the stairs, taking them two at a time and trying not to cry at the sight of James laid out on the top step. This was too painful. He pushed open the bedroom door to find Lily's lifeless green eyes staring back at him and he dropped to his knees as shock started to take hold of his mind and his body. He felt cold, yet numb he could only just hear little Harry's cries through the fog, as if he was listening from underwater. He staggered to his feet and stumbled across to the crib where Lily's green eyes looked up at him from a small face that was streaked with tears, dirt and blood. Only these eyes weren't lifeless. They glowed with power and sparkled in the low light of his Lumos. Harry had stopped crying the instant he had approached the crib and now those large, emerald green eyes were looking up at him expectantly. Sirius extinguished his wand and reached down to pull the baby from his crib, wrapping him in a small red blanket that had 'Gryffindor' stitched down one side in large, golden letters and was adorned with embroidered snitches. "Hey there Prongslet." He choked out, bouncing Harry on his hip as he carried him towards the bedroom door, remembering to pick up a dust covered bag that he knew held four stuffed toys, a change of nappies, two dummies and a bottle. He reached in and took out the toy rat, throwing it into the rubble as he went back down the stairs and out towards his motorbike. He covered Harry's eyes as they passed James and Lily and it was all Sirius could do not to break down and weep at the sight of his friends himself. "Sirius, I 'spected I'd find yeh here." Sirius turned at the familiar voice only to find Hagrid dabbing his eyes with a large orange handkerchief covered in yellow spots. "Tell Dumbledore he can't have him." Sirius said sharply, working out instantly why the half giant was there. "He's my godson and he's coming with me." Hagrid drew himself up to his full height and Sirius prepared himself for what he expected to be a lengthy argument. O_o_O_o_O Remus Lupin was a strong man. He had survived being infected with the werewolves curse, he had survived seven years of Hogwarts and he had survived the best part of the first wizarding war against the Dark Lord Voldemort. Yes Remus Lupin was a strong man however, when he spotted his mate, covered in blood, crying and with only Harry's baby bag slung over his ripped leather jacket he didn't know if he was strong enough to get through this. He raced from the window and flung open the door to their apartment, only to freeze as Sirius approached the front steps. "They're gone." Sirius choked, his silver eyes looking up to meet Remus's and swimming with devastation and anger. "I saw them Moony. They tried to protect Harry." "Where is cub?" Moony asked, taking over Remus's mind for a few seconds. "I smell cub." "Hagrid took him away." Sirius replied, still standing outside the door whilst Remus slumped against it. "Said Dumbledore had organised for Harry to go to his Aunt's." Remus's eyes turned amber as the wolf took over his mind completely and he let out a low growl. His mate looked a mixture of desolate and furious. He wasn't sure how that was even achievable, but the brilliant man to whom he was bonded managed it. It was as if Sirius Black didn't know whether to burst into tears or find the betrayer and kill him. "We'll get him back." Remus said with the utmost conviction. "We will get cub back." "I know." Sirius replied. "I brought his bag." Moony nodded and turned from the door to admit Sirius into the apartment. The Black male sat down heavily into an armchair and Remus, now back in control handed the animagus a glass of firewhiskey. "We can't go after Pettigrew." He said, sitting down opposite his mate and looking straight into Sirius's eyes, ensuring that he understood the consequences of reckless behaviour. "If we do we will be pegged as murderers. We need a plan of action." "We need to get Harry." Sirius replied. "We need to go to the Dursley's, pick him up and bring him somewhere safe. They can't be trusted to look after him; we know that from what little we could glean from Lily." The pair were silent for a few moments as the gravity of the situation and the night's events started to sink in. "Are they really gone Pads?" Remus asked quietly. Sirius nodded and just managed to place his drink down in time to receive an armful of grieving werewolf. "I never even got to say goodbye." The younger male sobbed into what remained of his torn leather jacket. "Neither did I Moons. But, you can be sure as hell I won't let anything happen to Harry. Even if it means contacting both of my Grandfathers, I can't let Prongslet go." Remus pulled back to stare at his mate, in shock of that comment. "You would re-join your family?" "You are my family Remus, you and Harry both, and Blacks do anything, anything to protect their family." "What about the rest of your family pads? You left them for a reason. You wanted to stay with the light and the Blacks are famous for being as dark as they come. Not to mention Bellatrix and Narcissa. You would be practically joining the deatheaters. Would that be the right environment for Harry to grow up in?" "Remus, look at where he is now!" Sirius growled. "Dumbledore has dumped him on the doorstep of a pair of magic hating muggles whose only connection to him is through his mother, whom the pair hasn't seen since Lily finished Hogwarts. Do you really believe that he won't end up in some muggle orphanage? How is growing up with us, going to be any worse?" "But Sirius, the prophecy…" "Is just a prophecy Remus, made by a 'seer' whose bloodline hasn't shown any prophetic skill since Cassandra Trelawney. If it is true and Harry is destined to defeat the dark lord then surely it would be better for him to grow up in the presence of deatheaters, learning about the dark sect." "Sirius this is going against everything we have ever stood for. The killings, the rapes…" "I know Remus. They disgust me too, but if cub can grow up with us, learning everything he can before Hogwarts it would be a massive screw you to Dumbledore when he comes of age. By that point Harry will have been told about the light's hidden agenda, Dumbledore's games and everything else that we stood for. He will know who to trust and who to avoid and if that means that by the time the dark lord returns, Harry is full blown dark, then at least it will be better than having a target painted on his back by the light. The dark can protect him for the most part. I know that if I were the dark lord, I would rather Harry be an ally. Even now cub is strong and powerful; imagine what he will be able to do once his core has gone through the first settling." "You are suggesting that we bring Harry up ourselves, surrounded by deatheaters and dark magic in the hopes that when the dark lord returns he will be dark enough to be protected?" "That is exactly what I am saying Remus." "Then we need to contact Severus before anyone else." "No Remus. We need to contact Frank and Alice. Little Neville also falls into the same category as Harry and we need to get them to safety before the deatheaters come knocking. We give them the same information as we have and give them the option to have us raise Neville in exactly the same way as Harry. Frank has Black blood and we hold primary over his house. He has to at least listen to the views expressed to him by the Black heir." "We go now." Remus said, rising from his seat and allowing Moony to take over his mind in part. He knew that they would be possibly portkeying into battle and the wolf inside him brought his magic forwards. He would not let his mate down. O_o_O_o_O "Alice, take Neville upstairs and run." Frank shouted, unknowingly echoing James Potter's words from earlier that evening. "I'll hold them off for as long as I can." There was a crack as two figures appeared at the side of Frank, and if he hadn't had full confidence in the house wards they would have been cursed into oblivion. The pair of marauders did each receive a sharp stinging hex for scaring the shit out him and Alice though. "Merlin's beard Frank." Sirius exclaimed, rubbing his shoulder where Frank's hex had hit. "There was no need for that." "You have to come with us." Remus said quickly, taking Alice's hand as she gripped Neville in her arms. "All of you have to come with the pair of us. Don't ask questions just move." "Frank is your mother safe?" Sirius asked, turning to his friend. "She is hidden behind Hogwarts wards at the moment." Frank replied. "She had business with Minerva tonight." "Those plans have been changed." Remus replied. Dragging Alice over to Frank and Sirius and activating their portkey. As soon as the five of them landed in their sitting room at their apartment, Sirius poured five glasses of firewhiskey and Remus popped away, only to reappear a few minutes later with Augusta Longbottom on his arm. O_o_O_o_O "Albus, do you think it wise, leaving him with these people?" Minerva asked, hurrying to keep step with the old wizard's strides. "I've been watching them all day; they're the worst sort of muggles imaginable they really are…" "…The only family he has left." Dumbledore replied, cutting off this deputy. He placed a letter in the folds of Harry's baby blanket before placing the child on the doorstep, casting a mild sleeping charm on him. He knew that his plan couldn't fail. Petunia Dursley would take in her sister's child but never really look after the boy, making him the perfect candidate for Dumbledore to mould into a weapon for the dark lord. The child would come to understand that it would be his duty to bring down Voldemort. There really wouldn't be any other way. The only thing left to deal with now was that mutt and the werewolf of which he was so fond. They were easily dealt with though and soon, Albus Dumbledore would be the only person Harry could trust. O_o_O_o_O "I know that you have a lot of questions right now." Sirius said calmly, knocking back his second glass of firewhiskey that night. "But I