title: ad initium characters: Calypso, Leo Valdez, Rachel Elizabeth Dare summary: The somewhat aimless account of how Calypso fell in love with Leo Valdez.-—Calypso/Leo, for Jo. a/n: HAPPY THIRTEENTH BIRTHDAY JO-i'm really sorry i didn't write something for you sooner, but summer's been pretty busy. this story starts from the end and each scene goes back in time back to the very beginning where they met. it's an AU but there's still the gods, and everything else and i'm sorry that this sucks and how OC everything is. also warning for spag errors. disclaimer: i don't own anything besides the story idea; the original characters and everything else belong to Rick Riordan. dedication: HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY JO (and this is also for you at gge, augusti) prompt: Leo/Calpyso ... ACT III: THE END ... This is how she ends: With a dent in her skull, the ghost of his name on her lips, and the Golden Fleece draped across her body. ... After they've broken up, they still see each other: after all, the world isn't as big of a place as people amount it to be. She's always in hiding these days-the Gods won't notice that she's escaped Ogygia for at least a decade, and she'll have to go back eventually, but that's inevitable; or maybe it's not. Their conversations are full of awkward small talk and glances of aching longing, longing for what used to be, and then hasty, quick departures and occasional handshakes and quick embraces, pats on the back. This is how it ends: "You have to leave," she says flatly. It's spoken in a matter-of-fact tone, because Calypso's spent hours thinking about this; more importantly, she's spent years going through scenarios almost exactly the same as this one, except maybe, this is the first time she isn't recycling words and heartfelt gestures. A light breeze blows upon the sand of Ogygia, and a wooden raft bobs up and down near the shore. Any moment now, Hermes will show up with the familiar recycled words. He hems and haws and then says, "Yes." Or: "You have to leave," he says flatly. They're sitting on the edge of a light blue bed in their apartment— it's just his apartment now, not yours anymore, Calypso remembers to remind herself, because the decision had already been made, and it wasn't in her favour after all—and she stares at the walls. A few months back, they had painted the whole place together. She had spent hours to find a colour that looked like the sky, and not like the ocean (because the ocean, the ocean is deep and dark and at the floor, one finds the truth they haven't wanted to acknowledge). Leo didn't understand the difference. The two of them had painted the place in ratty t-shirts and paintbrushes Rachel had dropped off; the t-shirts used to have been this ugly off-white color before Leo wouldn't stop flicking paint at her face and then she tackled him revenge, and then...well. I like the walls, she had told him, repeatedly; Calypso had a fascination with repeating the same words every day, hoping that if she said them enough, they wouldn't fade anyway into oblivion like everything else these days. "They're waiting for you: the Titans," Leo continues. "You could come too." Her voice is hopeful, but it's a lie. Leo has no place among the Titans, at least not according to them; Atlas had decided that he would be a distraction for her, and the choice was that she left him or that, ironically, he was burned to ashes. She hems and haws and then says, "Yes." (Either way, it doesn't matter what happened: it still ends) ... Against all odds, Leo manages to find a way to Ogygia. Calypso never doubted him (or, at least, that's what she'll tell him). ... ACT II: She's sitting on the edge of her bed when the messenger of the Gods comes in. "What do you want?" Calypso speaks blankly, tired tone, and stares outside of the makeshift window-her family is being torn to pieces, and Atlas stares pleadingly over the landscape, wondering what had gone wrong over all these years-and all Calypso can think is not again . "And if you say that you want me to come with you, then screw it, I'm not." "Okay," Hermes shrugs. "I'll just teleport you there." The Pantheon of Gods is smaller and much of a weaker force than it once was-there is Hermia, who is reciting words of Latin off of a scripture book, and looks at her, speaking in an oddly calm tone. "Calypso, daughter of Atlas the Titan, you are sentenced back to Ogygia, for the remainder of your lifetime." And then, she is there-it is barren, the same way she had once found the place, and Calypso is reluctant to spend hundreds of years building up a place of Paradise for it to come crashing down oncemore; at least this time, she reminds herself, you won't fall in love. You know better than to fall in love; love will always end, and time never will. Hundreds of years later, Ogygia still looks the same; then again, so does she. ... She visits him a few times during her stay in the mountains of Switzerland. "It's wonderful," Calypso tells Leo; she's lost track of what day it is, but it doesn't really matter, because time is infinite these days, literally for her, metaphorically for him. "There's Golden Apples and things that feel like Golden Fleeces, and course, I know it's not the real thing, but it's sort of like Paradise." He laughs, "I didn't think that living with the Titans would be like that." She scowls, "So you thought that it would be living in hell?" "Basically," Leo shrugs, but then hastens to clarify. "Only because I've lived in hell before." "High school isn't hell." She rolls her eyes. "You should come visit sometime; I've visited you at least ten times-" "Five, actually." The first time, she had to leave a few minutes later-one of Atlas's thousands of spies had found her bed empty; the second time, the morning bell at Camp had rung and Leo's half-siblings had returned, the third time, she had ended up trapped in the in-between and for what felt like three hours, nobody could hear her; the fourth time, there was somebody else already there; the fifth time was too short. "Same difference. But you should come. I told Atlas about you and he's sort of okay with everything; of course, he's still on his plan to destroy Mount Olympus, but he promised he won't destroy you." Leo squints. "You even sound like you're lying." "I'm not," Calypso attempts to speak in the most confident tone possible. It's a skill that she's sort of mastered over the past thousands of years-being stuck on Ogygia for three thousand years allowed for her to talk to nobody but herself (and occasionally the plants and the rivers, but the plants seemed to respond sometimes), allowed for that happen, and then suddenly, being released by her father, and sent into some sort of Protection Program. For a moment, they are a simply a boy and a girl, sitting on the edge of a cliff, terribly in love, and then the moment passes and as time goes on, so do they. ... He is a boy, but people act as though he is a demon. She is a girl, but people act as though she is a siren. (In fact, they are neither: he is a demigod, and she is the daughter of a Titan, and he is a boy, and she is a girl, but then again, they have never been fans of simplicity.) ... It becomes a common theme between them: leaving, that is. Calypso drops out of high school mid-senior year, a few days after college applications have been submitted, and simply shrugs when Leo brings the topic up. "I don't see the point of going to college." Atlas had contacted her a few weeks before, and summoned her to mountains in Switzerland, making promises of family and greatness and retribution. "Plus, I won't miss homework and lectures and all that other nonsense." "Then why'd you go to high school?" Leo finds himself asking, already knowing the answer. A small part of him feels jealous-his mother is dead, his father never has time for him-but a much larger part knows common sense, that there's an astronomical different between the Gods and the Titans, and therefore, the children of the Gods and the children of the Titans, and part of him will never understand Calypso, no matter how hard he's tried to. She laughs. "Same reason you did; I had nowhere else to go." She moves closer for a moment, and embraces him quickly and tightly. "We'll see each other soon, I promise. We'll be able to make this long-distance relationship thing work." In her mind are statistics; 70 percent of long-distance relationships don't work when people aren't ready for changes, but they're ready for changes-after everything that they've been through, they've had to known that change is going to always be there, sometimes more prevalent than others, but there's communication breakdown, of course. Calypso's not expecting to be able to talk to Leo every day, let alone have face-to-face contact with him. Atlas wouldn't allow it. Atlas doesn't even know who Leo is. Atlas has probably already promised her to some skeevy Titan kid. And, how long with it take? This whole thing with moving to the mountains of Switzerland, it could be forever. The whole retribution plan to take over Mount Olympus isn't something that's going to happen during Leo's lifetime- I'm not going to be immortal, he kept on telling her. There's nothing good about being immortal. -and sometimes she thinks about that. Because giving up being human is perhaps the biggest sacrifice a human could make (not really, if she thinks hard enough about it, but she likes for her thoughts to be poetic and natural, and she's getting there, one step at a time), and Leo couldn't do that, not even for her. So, she leaves. Leo gets offered a year-round place at Camp Half-Blood and leaves after getting accepted into Stanford. Sometimes, at night, restless in the bedsheets smelling of ash, he thinks of what life could have been like at college: making new friends, going crazy, playing that whole mind game about lying to friends about how much you study, and the like, and then thinks of Camp: your family is your friends, being Cabin Conseulor, getting to work in the forges every day, and knows that everything here is worth the minute sacrifices he had to make. Only on the 4th of July, when the Annual Dance is occurring, he thinks, I miss you. ... Rowan is a sturdy sort of guy, the type who will love her forever, not because he loves her, but because that's the type of person he is. He doesn't fall in love, and makes up for it with flimsy words and stern nods, and is a typical Titan son, and her father honestly doesn't understand why that isn't the type of guy she wants to marry. "He's a good boy," Atlas tells her for the thousandth time. She rolls her eyes, leaning back in a metal chair; if she had known that this would be what her father had wanted to talk to her about, she would have rather stayed at school for the rest of the three-day week. Anything but this: marriage proposals. "Nope." "I'll get you the Golden Fleece." Calypso shakes her head. "As much money as you want." "I don't want to marry Rowan. He's thirty years older than me!" And at least ten feet taller than me, she thinks. Her father speaks snidely. "When you're three thousand and twenty-seven years old, you have to start lowering your expectations. Thirty years is nothing.