It was the summer before Harry's fifth year. He had been on Privet Drive for almost a week, but he already had begun to hate it. H had incited the wrath of his maternal relatives quite well in that small amount of time. The subtle threats the Order had made when they met them at King's Cross, coupled with Harry's supposed freakishness as his relatives had termed, had been enough to earn him more violent encounters and even more meager food rations than before. Harry supposed Tonks and Moody had meant well in this after seeing how much his Uncle seemed to hate everything about Harry firsthand when he arrived to pick him up from the station. For the most part, Harry was grateful that they would speak so on his behalf, but a part of him wished they hadn't said anything. Obviously words are never enough when dealing with people like the Dursleys. Action was what Harry wanted, but of course never got. Despite his early pleadings of staying at Hogwarts in the summer when he began his Magical school career, the Headmaster would not give in and would send him back to his horrid relatives. Harry hoped that it was because of the older wizard's ignorance of the real situation…and not that he knew and sent him anyway. But Harry reminded himself that he had never really confessed the truth behind his request. Perhaps he was afraid, but of what? That Dumbledore would still say no? What his relatives were capable of if he revealed their conduct towards him? Harry really didn't know himself. Maybe he was afraid word would get out to people like Malfoy, who would taunt him for it. This past year was awful enough with people hating him for something that wasn't true. He could just imagine what it would be like when their insults were fueled by a horrible truth he hadn't really confided to even his best friends. He had enough to worry about, what with Voldemort on the loose. And Cedric…no, Harry would try not to think in that direction. He had enough in his nightmares, which had become more frequent and intense recently. More than anything he wanted to forget the past four summers as well as the entire ten years before that had even happened, as well as the last few weeks of the Tournament. Harry at least had the two most amazing friends a boy could ask for, as well as two relatively new men in his life he hoped he would come close to as well. Remus Lupin, a former professor of his had been quite wonderful to Harry. He was wise and unjudging, as well as honest. Sirius Black, his godfather, was just as genuine and friendly, but more boisterous and lively. But he honestly seemed to like Harry too, which Harry was thankful for. He had even offered him a place to stay, as his guardian. Of course, things did not turn out so well as he was still on the run from the Ministry for crimes he had not committed. Once again Harry was given words, not action, but he supposed this could not be helped. He was used to disappointment after all. The men's company, though rare these days, was better than nothing. Maybe one day, if Harry was lucky, he'd be with them on a more permanent basis. It was nice to dream. Needless to say, he was quite happy at the owl he received announcing Tonk's arrival within the hour to pick him up and take him to number 12 Grimmauld Place. Upon arriving (and the engulfing hugs from Hermione, Sirius and Mrs. Weasley-in that order) he had been informed there would be an Order meeting. Harry had been informed at the end of the year briefly by Dumbledore of what the Order was, and his membership of said order when he chose, upon his coming of age. Harry was glad that his headmaster was at least giving him some information, unlike in the past. The meeting would be a while yet, and so Harry took this time to relax on a couch in the living room. He was just so glad to be among his friends and Sirius that he couldn't stop grinning at everyone. "Harry mate, how's your summer been?" Ron asked, munching on a Hershey bar Hermione had brought him. She too had just arrived, only minutes before Harry. He had jumped into the seat to Harry's right, Hermione gracefully sat on Harry's left. Sirius had scooted a chair close to them and sat in it. Ginny was at the coffee table flipping through some Witch magazine, her twin brothers on the other side with papers and scattered prototypes for their joke shop. "Er…y'know…not entirely eventful." Harry shrugged. He hoped they wouldn't press him. "Only been a week, hasn't it?" "Yeah, s'pose you're right. I've been degnoming the garden all week, tough little blighters those are!" Ron laughed. Hermione rolled her eyes. "I've had a bit of chores as well, but not as exciting as gnoming. Dishes, sweeping…I did manage to finish my homework as well." Hermione added. Sirius laughed at Ron's incredulous face. Harry simply shook his head, smiling. "That's 'Mione for you." "Indeed it is." Sirius chuckled, Hermione blushing at the praise of her friends. "How about you Pronglet? Been holding up alright?" His face had turned concerned, and Harry's heart clenched, daring to hope that maybe he really could believe Sirius would care for him. Hermione had mirrored the gaze, only hers was more intense. Ron just looked steady but somehow also there for Harry. Thing was he wasn't ready to bare his soul at the moment. After all, he hadn't brought his things with him, so obviously he wasn't to stay for very long. He opened his mouth to say he was getting on well-a lie, yes, but necessary so as not to bum the others out with needless concern-when Remus come through the door. "Remus!" Harry shouted, and jumped to his feet and hugged the man around the middle. Immediately he flushed in embarrassment, about to pull away from who he thought to be a bewildered and annoyed man when he felt two arms wrap around him and pull him close. "Harry, it's so good to see you too. Glad to see you haven't outgrown me." He said softly. "Never." Harry whispered back, he thought to himself, but apparently Remus heard and hugged him even tighter before letting go. Sirius had come up to them by this point. "Well! I can see who's the favorite." He said in mock hurt, grabbing at his heart. "Oh come off it, Padfoot." Remus growled good-naturedly and the two embraced as brothers. "Well, I'll admit I was a bit jealous. He is my godson after all." Sirius said, ruffling Harry's hair. "Well he was my student." Remus shot back, a wolfish glint in his amber eyes. Harry giggled and came between them. "Hey now, there's enough Harry for everyone." Sirius and Remus laughed and the former gave the little rascal a noogie, further messing up the untamable hair on his head, the twins and Ron egging them on. Hermione and Ginny giggled at the antics. Harry was by far happier in these few minutes than in the last few months. After they settled, Remus pulling a chair next to Sirius's, time had come close to the meeting to begin. "I suppose you'll tell us what this is all about then?" Ronald asked. Hermione gave him a slap for the bluntness. "Well, I received a letter from Moody. He says it is a matter of upmost importance, but couldn't elaborate. He mentioned having to clear it with Madam Pomfrey." Remus began. "You don't think something's wrong with Professor Dumbledore?" Ginny said in a small voice. Harry's heart dropped at that particular theory. "Not from the sound of the letter." Sirius said reassuringly. "Pr'fessor Dumbledore hasn't told any of us anything else yet. He said it's a delicate matter, information that if flaunted into the wrong hands could be dangerous." Tonks said, hair flashing in yellows and golds in anticipation as she bounded into the room. "That's odd…I wonder what is so important he had to tell us in person.." Hermione voiced. "Whatever it is, Mad Eye is the only other Order member to know about it. He's the one escorting them here." Sirius said. "Them?" The Trio asked in unison. "Professors Snape and McGonagall will also be arriving with the Headmaster." Remus explained. Harry thought this was strange in itself. Though he knew Professor McGonagall's involvement with the cause of the Light, but he rarely saw her come to actual meetings. Her priority was usually that of school business. Fred and George bustled into the room-Harry hadn't noticed they had left- and announced the meeting to begin. Whatever it was, Harry, Hermione and Ron were thankful they could attend instead of eavesdropping like they had to at school to find out things. They all surrounded the long table, taking various seats. Harry chose a seat nearest the middle, where Ron and Hermione promptly took their places at his sides. He grinned at that, loving the feeling that they wanted to sit next to him. The twins, their mum and dad and Ginny took seats at the end. Tonks plopped next to Hermione. Remus and Sirius remained standing behind Harry's seat. The Floo roared to life, and out stepped the gruff form that was Mad Eye Moody. He was smiling though, and Harry saw a mirth within his good eye he had never seen upon the visage of the battered and hardened ex-Auror. Voiced could be heard behind him from the grate at Hogwarts he had come through, arguing about something. Moody merely laughed and turned to the rest of the Order present. He actually grinned at them, a slightly disturbing experience for the others, then barked back into the grate of the fireplace. "Come on then! Haven't got all day!" Harry was particularly confused when he noticed Moody was looking slightly down. All the Professors seemed quite a bit taller than that to him… "I'm coming, you pretentious oaf!" yelled back a voice-a very young one. Suddenly the fire roared to life again and a small black-haired boy about twelve years old was thrown from the green flames, and landed on the ground, his almost shoulder-length hair covering his face. He wore pitch black robes, almost identical to those worn by Snape, if not for the size. "Minerva, you old hag! I said I was going, you didn't have to push me through!" he yelled again as he dusted off his robes and spun around to face his assaulter, who had just arrived through the Floo right after him. She looked fifteen, had her dark brown hair in a very McGonagall bun and even wore her hat and emerald robes, though they too had been resized. She strode over to the boy with a furious glare. "How dare you! I am NOT hag! Nor am I old, obviously !" She huffed , in a girlish voice natural to her age, at his face. The boy merely glared back, folding his arms over his chest in a very Snape-like manner. "Now now, my dears, we mustn't bicker; surely our minds are mature even in our bodies are not." Said a good humored, mild and youthful voice as the third of their party arrived from the fireplace. He had on an alarming shade of purple robes, was quite tall compared to the other two, but not taller than Moody yet. He had longish auburn hair held back in a pony-tail. He was looking down as he dusted off the garish clothing he wore, but when he looked up everyone saw the eyes they knew so well. They sparkled a deep blue and twinkled as he took in their reactions. "A-Albus…?" Molly gasped, putting a hand over her mouth. "Why yes