" ARE YOU CRAZY !? Have you gone MENTAL ?!" Ron shrieked at the top of his lungs, throwing his hands up in the air and his right eye twitching. "Maybe, Ron…" Harry said in relative quiet. He couldn't help but add a sheepish grin though. If Ron thought his plan was outrageous, then it really must be a doozy. They were in the newly rebuilt Burrow living room, on the afternoon of a particularly rainy day. Harry and Hermione were staying over with the rest of the surviving Weasley clan until they got on their feet. It had been a tough year after the War ended, and the anniversary of the Battle of Hogwarts was fast approaching. It would be the first year in over a millenia that the school of witchcraft and wizardry would not open her doors. Repairs were still underway, and the special wards that needed to be restored took months to reach full strength. No one was quite sure actually, as they were among the oldest in wizard history, many developed just for the school and used only once—by the Founders themselves. At any rate,the entire Wizarding world was in repair as well. Things were no longer a hustle and bustle, but slow recovery and healing. Diagon was as dim as her dark sister alley, Knockturn, and the vibrant colors of their world had turned to melancholy greys. McGonagall said it was because so many were still in mourning. Magic had a habit of reflecting emotion, she said. Presently, Hermione stood on their side, hands on her hips and an undecipherable look on her face. She had some circles around her once lovely caramel eyes, and Harry knew that his best friends suffered from the same nightmares that plagued him in the dead of night. In fact, he knew it from experience. It had only been the last few weeks that the three had become comfortable sleeping in different bedrooms. After camping together for almost a year, they just hadn't felt safe being far from one another. They had been conditioned over months to be alert and fearful, you see. Sleep was a luxury, and safety a gift. It was often that Molly Weasley found them in the living room, Ron and Harry on makeshift beds on the floor and Hermione on the couch, a small blue flame of hers in a jar glowing on the coffee table. Sometimes, George would join them when Percy was off on Ministry business. Oddly enough George had clung to Percy after Fred was killed; though nothing could replace Fred, it did George some good to bond again, however little. And Percy had mellowed a great deal after the War. He had realized for a long while now that family was precious. Luckily today was a day everyone was out for some reason or other except the three of them and a certain guest Harry had invited. Harry had planned it this way. "Calm dow—" Draco Malfoy said, with a careless wave of a silky dark green glove. Ronald cut him off with a freckled finger of his jabbed right in the blonde's face. Draco was Harry's unannounced guest. He wasn't in a particularly good mood as when he had called upon their residence (their Floo was secure from most if not all fireplaces these days) Ron had laughed in his face, slammed the door shut and left him standing in the rain until Harry happened by twenty minutes later and saw him scowling from the window. " SHUT it , Malfoy." " Merlin , Weasel, I'm only trying to help you." Draco sniffed, a flicker of his once vibrant silver eyes flashing with strength of his youth. He wasn't even twenty yet, same as the Trio, but along with them he had lost much of his youth because of the last few years. "Help me? Bloody twit , where was your 'help' at the beginning of the war?!" Ron said with a mirthless laugh. Draco narrowed his pale silver eyes. Harry sighed and wiped his face with a hand. Hermione still remained quiet but looking on with worried but bright eyes. She often kept things to herself now, as she had nothing more to prove and was confident and secure in her knowledge. She had gained a quiet intelligence and wisdom that would impress even Snape, had he still been alive. "Try to get it through your thick peasant skull—The. War. Is. Over ." Draco enunciated every word, standing deadly close in Ron's face, making the red-head turn a shade of purple that Harry mused rivaled his old Uncle Vernon's. The two purebloods stood there, breathing deeply at one another, but silence fell like a cold blanket. Until Harry spoke up. "Not for everyone…" He murmured. The others turned to look at him. "The War is everywhere we look." Harry continued, failing to meet the on looking eyes he felt on himself as he spoke. "It's still fresh in our minds. When we look at something we thought would last forever…" Ron chanced a look at a photograph of them during First year hanging on the wall, Hogwarts in the background, tall and untouched by war and death… "When we see history repeating itself, though we tried everything to stop it." Hermione thought of Andromeda and Teddy, and the child who would never know his parents except by the stories of others, quite like another boy she knew… "When we look in the mirror." George saw who he missed every day. Every time he looked in his reflection. It was his own Mirror of Erised, Ginny would say quietly when Harry mentioned how worried he was over the surviving twin's quietness. They were lucky he was strong enough not to be overcome by grief. Most days at least… "When we realize who we had…" Harry's voice cracked here, "But it was too late…" Here Harry's thoughts went backto months ago… He had received an answer to an owl he had sent Headmistress McGonagall, an answer he did not like one bit. He Flooed over immediately, making the witch startle and wield her wand with surprising quickness. He found himself in the ruins of Dumble-no, the Headmaster/Headmistress' office of Hogwarts. Who was he kidding? It would always be Dumbledore's. This was also the first time since, well, forever , he had a wand pointed at him and he with none in his own hands. His Holly remained in his back pocket of his worn jeans. The Elder wand lay safe and sound bundled in his Invisibility Cloak in his old school trunk (which had survived somehow through everything). "Harry James Potter!" Minerva squeaked, her silvering bun disheveled in her fast movement. Harry stared blankly at her, and she stared back before narrowing her eyes. "How did your first class with me begin, Mr. Potter ?" Minerva asked in a voice that sounded in her old teaching tone, when she quizzed in class on a particularly hard but vital topic. Harry had blinked but relaxed, remembering the day well. " Ron and I were late and you were still in your animagus form. Ron thought you were brilliant when you changed in midair, even after that bit of tongue lashing about tardiness." Harry smiled, blushing still at the thought of his eleven year old self getting into trouble the very first day of school. McGonagall lowered her wand and smiled kindly, straightening her bun and stepping over a pile of parchment left on the floor. Harry felt relief at passing the test (there were still a few stragglers about that remained loyal to the Dark Lord's cause and precautions were needed…and it was instinct now to take them), and he too stepped over piled of rubbish and damaged goods to welcome Minerva's embrace. "Still 'Professor' is it?" She said in her thick Scottish accent and with a warm but tired smile. Harry merely blushed again. "I probably won't ever be able to call you just… Minerva . Ron'll have fits if he found out." Harry chuckled. "Indeed, well, it's open for the three of you, hmm?" Harry grinned at that. The past few months Harry, Ron and Hermione had been helping fix up things when they could…and when it didn't hurt so much. And their old teachers who were left kept insisting on them calling them by their first names. It was a bit surreal for Harry. They viewed him as equal and he still felt like an awkward Firstie. "What can I do for you do be in such a rush up here? It'd be a great deal better kept had I started up sooner…but I've…I've left it…(she sighed here)…finally girded my loins and started on…this." She waved an arm to encompass the crumbling tapestries and torn portraits, the broken knick-knacks and burned carpeting. It was rather off-putting to see the office in such a wreck. Even when he had that horrible outburst, it hadn't been this completely destroyed. And Dumbledore had the skill to repair it all to perfect shape. Thinking of Dumbledore made Harry look about for his portrait. He smiled to himself as he saw his old headmaster snoozing in a comfy chair with purple doilies. "I got your owl." Harry managed to say from his deep thoughts. Minerva sighed. "I know then why you're here. But there's no way, Mr. Potter, as he had abandoned his post upon his…passing…" Harry turned to her and Minerva was taken aback by how much life remained in his emerald green eyes. He held an age far beyond his years and yet his eyes…they spoke volumes of pain and anguish but also of truth and hope. It wasn't often Harry had this look nowadays, and she was impressed that on this particular subject he would feel so strongly. "I realize that Professor…but…he deserves it." Harry simply said. "I know, my dear child." Minerva said quietly."If it were up to me, I would allow it as swiftly as possible." "I'll have a talk with the Board then. For once I'll actually use my fame to do some good. Hermione's still got that Skeeter woman's number if it comes to that." Harry said in all seriousness. Minerva smiled again, seeing that old determination in her little lion. "I wish you luck then and await your owl." Harry nodded and was about to step out onto the Floo when he suddenly stopped and put a hand on the mantle, as if what he were about to say required him to gain extra support. It took him a moment to work up the courage to ask, and when he did he never turned back to see how it was received. "Do you miss him?" He was met with a quiet as he knew McGonagall would need to form an answer. "I miss them both." She finally said, a tremor in her voice. "I will always regret that last meeting with Severus. Looking back I see the things he did as they were. He was protecting us all while looking for you, to warn you. But we were all so blinded by distrust…I was blinded." She shook her head and sighed again. "He didn't help matters with his demeanor and sharp tongue over the years. He was just so…so bloody good at his job. Kept us guessing till the very end." She laughed softly, as if recalling fond memories of Snape's melancholy attitude and unfortunate role as teacher/spy. "Severus and Albus will be sorely missed." Harry's heart clenched and he nodded then was swept away by the green flames. … Harry shook his head free from the relatively fresh memories. He didn't need to think about when he actually met Snape's portrait…not now. He needed his mind clear for what he was about to propose. "Harry's right." Hermione said somewhere far away. Draco snapped his fingers in his face and Harry snapped back to reality. "You can't be serious, 'Mione! You're the sensible one!"