Disclaimer. As usual I don't own Harry Potter, or any of the characters, things, or animals, that are mentioned in the Harry Potter books, I do how ever own the plot in this little venture into the Potter verse Death's office Harry James Potter entered a nicely furnished office and saw a young woman sitting behind the only desk in the large room. Stepping up to the desk he stood and looked down at the sitting woman watching as she read from a folder in front of her. "Sit down Potter," she practically growled without even looking up. Harry sat down and waited impatiently to find out where he was and how he came to be there, he fidgeted as she read, thinking he had far more important things to do. His friends were all in danger and they would need him. "Er excuse me miss?" he asked politely. "But where am I, how did I get here? How do I get back to my friends?" The young woman looked up at him; her bright amber coloured eyes looked at him with a fierce glare to them. "Look Potter just sit and be quiet while I go over these files." She commanded Several minutes later the woman looked up from her files and let out a loud sigh. "Right, Harry James Potter, perhaps you would like to enlighten me as to why you are here again, you do realise that you are not, and I repeat 'not' supposed to be here?" Harry looked at her completely confused by what she said. "First, yes I am Harry James Potter, and no I have no idea why or how I got here or even where here is, I was hoping you could tell me." "Oooohhhh… I just don't believe what that fool Peterson did, or more to the point what he did not do… So you have no recollection of any of your prior visits to this office, is that correct?" she asked him as she rubbed at her temples. "If I have been here I don't remember it, it would actually be nice to know where here is… although I really should be out there helping my friends." Harry replied to her question. "Mr Potter, for now you are going nowhere due to the simple fact that you are dead… which is something you should obviously be able to remember. You should also be able to remember each of your 'seven' previous visits to this office, why you do not I will have to investigate, though I have a suspicion that Peterson removed not only your memories from previous attempts at life but of your visits to his office as well. How such an incompetent angel got this position is beyond my understanding." She said as she turned a page in the file on the desk. Reaching forward toward his head the woman suddenly morphed into the well known image of death and placed a bony finger on his forehead. After a quick jolt of pain Harry remembered all his other visits to deaths office, he also remembered his other attempts at life, how he had died in the forest, then gone though a load of rubbish with Dumbledore on the platform at Kings Cross station and then waking to find himself not returned to finish the battle against Voldemort as he had expected but here in deaths office. "Dumbledore lied to me, why in heavens name did he lie to me?" he asked shocked by what his respected mentor did. "Mr Potter you sound as if you are surprised that the evil old manipulator caused your death, Don't tell me that after all that old so and so has done you still look up to him? now why would that be? He has completely ruined your past six lives and each time destroyed any chance of you succeeding in continuing the Potter line along with your wife… er… some Granger girl. He has prevented you two changing the magical world into something worth saving. There is no doubt in my mind that the big boss will carry out his threat to rid that world of the gift of magic if there is no change in the near future." She said looking into his eyes as if reading his mind. "Oh how I wish at times that we were allowed to swear… wait till I get my hands on that old goat… uuuuugh," she said rather loudly making Harry cringe. "Right Harry so that you know, you and the Granger girl belong together. You are what we term 'chosen', you were selected by the department of magic when making your vows to each other on the platform at Kings Cross station after your third year at that old fools school, which means you are a completely and fully compatible magically married couple, and dying wont change that. What on earth was Peterson thinking allowing this to happen? You were both fighting against Dumbledore manipulations, him having obliviated you several times when you revealed your real relationship with Hermione. Each time you got together that old fool interfered thus preventing your marriage bond ever being completed, and Peterson sat here letting it happen, leaving you incapable of defeating The Dark lord and start the needed changes to save the magical world. It is essential you complete the bond with your wife and meld your Magical cores together to give you the power you will need to destroy Riddle and live, you must consummate your marriage." she said as she calmed down just a little. "But Hermione is with Ron, they love each other, they have done for years." Harry declared not quite grasping what he had been told about Hermione. He admitted to himself that he had liked her as much more than a friend for quite some time but he had never liked her enough to ask her out. As those thoughts drifted through his mind he realised just how silly they were, if he liked her that much, which he did, then he should have asked her out at least once. He then remembered the mention of the obliviations and leaving them with the Weasley's. "Damn was everyone in the wizarding world against us?" he asked no one in particular while remembering all the stuff he had to put up with due to the papers and gossip mongers. "This is worse than I thought," said the death angel looking angrily at the files. "That Dumbledore is down right evil. I think some rather extreme measures are called for here. And I thought when I took over from Peterson things were going to be quite easy, so I could get a small rest from rushing around the universe for the next two centuries or so. I was so obviously wrong." She muttered to herself only to be interrupted when a telephone appeared on the desk and started to ring. She picked up the phone and said "Hello, Pauline Fairbanks." Harry could hear someone speaking faintly on the other end of the phone, "Hello Pauline, James Twoways here, head office have just been on; they have decided that Harry Potter simply can not be trusted to do things on his own, so you are to find a way to assist him. The boss is far from happy with Mr Potter and his reckless thoughtless and idle attitude. Get this sorted so we can get the time lines running and back on schedule no matter what it takes." Pauline looked over at Harry in thought for several seconds making him fidget as he thought about what had been said about him. He admitted to him self that Mr Twoways was right, he had been everything he said. "First I should say it is not Potter's fault, it will all be explained in my report, I do however have an idea sir, I will need some help but I think it will work." "Ok Pauline get on with it, do what ever it takes to get the human through this time period. Bye." the voice on the other end of the phone went silent and a few seconds later the phone vanished. "Right Harry, I have an idea how we can get through this, we need some help." She said as she pressed a button on the desk. A small echoing voice came from the desk "Yes Pauline?" Pressing the button again Pauline spoke "Find out who Hermione Jane Granger's angel is and send them over to my office if you will sue. Thank you." "Right Harry we just have to wait a short while until my colleague arrives. We can then make some decisions about what can be done about this utter mess." Several minutes passed as they waited, Pauline read several passages from the files out loud and let Harry know how he had been manipulated his entire life, right up to spending months searching for Tom Riddles horcruxes, when all they needed was one of the darn things, a short Goblin ritual using his and Hermione's combined magical power, and Voldemort his horcruxes and marked followers would all be queuing up down below where they belonged. A knock on the door let them know that the angel they were waiting for had arrived. Pauline called for her fellow angel to enter and watched as a young looking man strolled in as if he had not a care in the world to worry about. "Ah Pauline you sent for me?" "Yes head office has been on and we have a serious problem to solve, but first let me introduce you to Harry James Potter… Harry I would like you to meet Mathew, he was originally assigned to the son as an assistant, he has since become a valued member of my department." Pauline said as she pointed Mathew to a chair. "Right Mathew your charge Miss Hermione Jane Granger," Pauline started before she was interrupted. "Harry Potter? What in heavens name is he doing here?" Mathew said as he suddenly looked rather angry. "He's supposed to be down there producing more Potters with my charge." The two angels of death then started to talk in a rapid language only used by angels. Harry listened in to the conversation that was going on just a few feet in front of him, but he was unable to understand a single word of the language that was suddenly being used, after a long drawn out discussion the two angels turned and studied Harry as if he were some odd object for sale in a junk shop. He just made out the words as Mathew said quietly, "Well it's blatantly obvious he is totally and utterly useless alone, he's wasted far too much time with that useless Weasley boy, he will have to go." Pauline nodded and agreed with her fellow angel before turning to Harry, "We have made a decision, you are going back again, but as you have made so many mistakes and can't really be trusted to do things without just barging into things like some demented brainless idiot, we are going to give you some help." As she finished speaking Mathew closed his eyes and faded away right there in front of them, Harry was feeling worried whereas Pauline seemed quite happy about Mathew's vanishing act. Before Harry could gather his thoughts enough to make a comment Mathew faded back into view. "Timed that well, for some unknown reason she was full of loyalty potions and about to marry that Weasel fellow. These humans, I tell you, you take a simple five minute break and they can destroy the universe while you are gone." He muttered as Hermione appeared standing beside Harry. Hermione looked around trying to work out what had happened, it took just one look at Harry for her to remember they were in love and she threw herself in to his arms and was kissing him for all she