Disclaimer. As usual I don't own Harry Potter, or any of the characters, things, or animals, that are mentioned in the Harry Potter books, I do how ever own the plot in this little venture into the Potter verse. Hermione opened the front door to find her sister in law standing there soaked with the rain that was falling in a steady mist like form. Without waiting for an invite Ginny stepped into the room and removed her wet cloak hanging it up on the rack. Stepping straight through the kitchen into the living room Ginny looked at her brother Ron as he sat lazily reading a quidditch magazine. "What skiving off another household chore, you useless hulk?" she questioned before she stepped up to him and glared. "Out… Now… and don't come back until the chores are done or after supper you waste of space." She chuckled at him as he extremely slowly turned to look at her with a cheeky look on his face. Ron looked up from his magazine and gave his sister a cheeky look that changed to one as if he had been deeply wounded. "Hello sis, nice to see you too. So what's the problem this time… Harry done something stupid?" he managed before he burst into laughter. Ginny looked at her youngest brother with a huge grin on her face "No you prat, but really I could do with a talk with Hermione. But not until you tell me what it's like playing for a professional team, what was it like hearing the crowd roar?" "Ginny dear I play for the Cannons, no body roars for us, blimey we're lucky if we get the odd whistle, and then it's only if one of us falls off our broom." Ron laughed almost choking at the look he got from his wife. "Ok… Ok… It was brill Gin, I felt a real lump in my throat I was that nervous, but then I saw you and Harry sitting with Hermione and a lot of the nervousness vanished. I'm glad you two could make it." Ginny smiled at him "Glad we helped a little. Now seriously George wanted me to ask you if you would be willing to go and help him open up the shop?" Ron shot to his feet and dropped the magazine on the coffee table. "At last, I had begun to think he would never get over Fred's death, you know, I mean it's been five years. Anyway where is he, where does he want me to meet him?" "He's still at the Burrow, Katie and Angelina are with him. I think Angelina is hoping that this might be the chance she has been waiting for, she's hoping once George gets the shop up and running again they might be able to pick up from where they were before, you know. Say hello to mum for me when you get there." Ginny said the jesting having come to a sudden end. "Right, will do. Hermione love I'll see you later okay." Ron said as he grabbed his coat and made for the door. Hermione watched as her husband left the house and wondered why neither of them had even bothered to pretend any more. Any feelings she had had for Ron had faded when she discovered his lies before they had even reached the end of their first week as husband and wife. Perhaps Ron was as fed up with all the pretence as she was." Hermione was brought out of her thoughts when Ginny nudged her elbow, "We need to talk." She said as she walked over and checked if the teapot was hot. "Hermione I… er… he didn't tell you before the wedding did he?" Ginny asked as she poured her self out a cup of the still hot tea. Hermione sat opposite her sister in law and a look of anger flashed across her face. "You knew about… about Ron's little problem? Why didn't you tell me?" Ginny bowed her head over her cup of tea and nervously blew at the steam. "Ron promised the family he would not ask you to marry him before he told you. He's been telling us all since then that you knew and you were happy to just be with him. I… I… I… just found out I have the female version, I can't have kids either." "Gin, it's not the having no children that's the real problem. Ron's er… 'tackle' doesn't work at all Gin. I've been married for three and a half years and I'm still a bloody virgin. Do you have any idea just how frustrating and urrghh… that is Gin?" Hermione seethed at her best female friend. Ginny stared at Hermione with her mouth open for several seconds before she was able to speak. "Bloody hell. That brother of mine is such a bloody idiot at times. So he doesn't, you haven't… oh hell… but… er hang on. This could solve so many things." Ginny gave Hermione an odd appraising sort of look before she continued. "Tell me the honest truth Hermione. In fact I want you to give me a witch's oath that you will answer my next question and answer it truthfully." Hermione looked at her best friend of nearly ten years and she could see a depth of pleading in her eyes she had never seen there before. "Okay Gin you have my oath to answer your next question truthfully." Ginny took a deep breath and steadied herself by grasping tightly to the edge of the table. "Are you still in love with Harry?" Hermione was shocked that Ginny had known she had been in love with Harry, she was slightly more shocked when the oath kicked in and she answered "Yes Gin, I always will be." As she was expecting Ginny to explode in anger at her answer she was totally shocked when Ginny smiled. "Thank the gods for that…" Ginny said a look of relief flooding her face. Hermione was having trouble following all that was happening it seemed so surreal. Ginny who had always seemed so possessive when it came to her husband Harry, was happy that another woman, a woman who happened to be her husbands' very best friend was in love with him. She simply could not follow what was happening and she needed some answers to it all. "Er Ginny what's going on… I mean I'm confused as all hell here." Ginny chuckled a little as she looked at her completely confused friend. "It's all so simple, mind you, you were not brought up in a magical family so I can see why you don't get it. First let me tell you that Harry is still in love with you. I even know why he never let you or anyone else know about it. Harry fell in love with you sometime toward the end of your fifth year, but as you seemed to fancy Ron he decided to keep it all bottled up inside. I found out when he was delirious with that swamp fever thing he caught over in the Amazon. Told me all about it, though he had no idea he was talking to me at the time. Anyway let me get to the point. I am going to apply in Harry's name for an annulment. As the last of an ancient magical family he is allowed to have an annulment if his wife is unable to bear him a child. You are then going to marry him… Oh come Hermione don't look at me like that. We both love him, you enough to stay with Ron in a loveless non-marriage. And me I love him enough to let him go so he can have the two things he has wanted all his life, an heir and a mother for his children. You are the one he always wanted." Hermione sat her mouth open as she digested all the Ginny said, she could see only one problem with it all though, she was married, all be it a sexless marriage, to Ron. She was Mrs Weasley so she could never be with Harry. "Ginny have you forgotten I'm already married." It was a simple exclamation that Hermione knew Ginny could not refute. "I'm gonna have to have a talk to that brother of mine… Hermione you are not married if the marriage was not consummated within the first three months. Why you muggleborn don't know these things is beyond me. Tell you what, come back to the Burrow with me and we will take a look on the family tree to make sure, the tapestry is hanging up in the attic." Two hours later after moving all kinds of junk around in the Burrow attic the two women were looking at a truly ancient tapestry that held the Weasley family tree. Three quarters of the way down the names of the six boys and the one girl that branched from Arthur's name were all quite visible. Bill's name was linked to Fleur, Charlie to Catrina, Percy to Penelope, and surprisingly George was connected to Angelina who's name was in silver and not gold as were all the others. Fred's name was faded and had a black line through it. Ron's name was the odd one as it was the only name that was not connected to another other than his father. "There we have it Hermione; you are not a 'Mrs Weasley' and never have been. Oh and do remind me I need to have a word with George, seems he and Angelina are soul mates, it's about time he did something about it. Now all we have to do is tell Harry that he is getting married to you… bloody hell the things I do for that man… still as long as you make him happy and don't hurt him I'll try not to cry to much," Ginny said with a small sniffle and a catch in her voice. "Ginny… er don't you think Harry might have something to say if we just turn up and tell him he's going to marry me?" Hermione asked still trying to believe Ginny was willing to give up the man she loved. "Hermione, believe me, all I ever wanted was to make Harry happy, now whether I like it or not the only way for me to do that is to let him go. It's obvious that he can't be happy as things are, he's married to a woman he is not in love with and who can not give him an heir. I know he loves me, but he is not and never has been in love with me. Now if you two had taken your heads out of your nether regions some years back we would not be standing in this dusty old attic having this discussion… So that leaves us with Ron, now I don't want you going and getting all angry, but I think I worked out why he has never told you anything. I think he would have completely ignored you if Harry had not fancied you. I know for a fact he would never have gone to the trouble of using and learning that '12 ways' book if he did not have a darn good reason, my dear brother is just too lazy where books are concerned." Ginny huffed as she finished her little speech. "Brothers?" Hermione found her self nodding in agreement as Ginny laid it all out, that is until Ron's name came up. The first reaction being one of mild fear of what he might do quickly turned to one of indifference; she didn't give a hoot what Mr Ronald Weasley said. She had been his housekeeper, cook, maid and bed warmer for all this time as well as being the main income earner, without any of the benefits. Being a reserve keeper on the worst quidditch team for the past