Disclaimer, Sad to say I do not own any of the Harry Potter universe, it all belongs to J. K. Rowling. Hermione Granger, heaven sent. A/Note: Please try to ignore any so called run on sentences (I Always do: hehehe) Chapter 1 Taken to Heaven The angel that had collected her from her death bed had been kind but not very talkative as she had led Hermione Weasley to the place called heaven. Hermione thought just how beautiful the angel looked and she wondered where people had ever got the idea of the Grim reaper from. The angel had said few words since collecting her and leading her to this strange yet warm and beautiful place. "I have a failure for you," the angel said as they reached a set of magnificent gates. ' Must be the gates to heaven' Hermione thought and then the words of her collector registered in her mind ' failure ' the very word was one Hermione had spent her entire life trying to avoid being called, it was her worst nightmare, to be a failure. Thinking about it she could not work out how she could be classed a failure, she had always excelled at school and then in her chosen career as a healer. She had been a dutiful wife and as far as she knew she had been a good mother. She had always been a hard worker, being a failure was not what Hermione was and of that she was fully convinced. The angel that had collected her passed her through the gates and informed the gate keeper she was to go through the system before she was put before the ' One '. "The ' One ' will judge her on what has been and how bad she failed in what was to be." The gate keeper handed Hermione a long sheet of parchment and told her to take it with her where ever she went. And so Hermione's journey through heaven began. She had been taken in to several different areas and offices and each time she had been asked a few questions, after eight different areas and departments Hermione looked down at her parchment and found that the name of all the departments she had been in had appeared along with a report on what had been decided by that department, for all but one of the places she had been to there was the dreaded word ' failure ' stamped in red. Only once was her parchment stamped ' Success' and that was the first department she had entered where they had shown her, her first eleven years of life, it had seemed to take just a few seconds for the years to pass before her eyes and then she received the ' Success ' stamp. They had then moved on to another department and then the next ten years, she had watched again as the next ten years of her life quickly passed before her eyes, and though she had finished her education with the highest marks ever and she had helped Harry Potter to rid the world of an evil wizard before she married Ron Weasley, she received a ' Failure ' stamp on her parchment. It had been the same again as she watched the next twenty years flash before her eyes ten years at a time. The birth of her two children and their first few years growing up. She had watched as her children had attended Hogwarts just as she had done, she shed a tear as she watched both her children struggle to pass any exams. She had watched as her children both lived short lives, both dying in their very early twenties. And Hermione cringed as time after time she found the word failure stamped on her parchment. By the time Hermione found her self waiting in a huge white walled office she had eighteen failures and just the one success, Hermione had been devastated and still could not see where she had failed. Two tall handsome angels came into the office and quietly led her out and in to a large white chamber. The walls were made up of white marble, a huge archway every few feet, the floor seemed to be made of polished white glass and she could see her reflection quite clearly. She could see no ceiling above. What she saw was just a light blue sky. At the far end she could see someone sat upon a large throne like seat and she knew she was in the chamber of the one they all called the ' One '. At each side of the ' One ' stood an Archangel, Michael on one side and Raphael on the other. "Ah Hermione Jane Granger, I expected great things from you. Would you care to explain why you have failed so dismally in the life you were given?" an amazingly musical and golden sounding voice asked. Hermione did not know how to answer, "I never thought of my self as a failure, I worked hard not to be one. All through school I studied hard, I passed all my exams with the best grades. I helped Harry Potter to vanquish an evil dark wizard. And I think I was a good mother to my children. I worked hard all my life as a healer I don't understand where I failed," she answered the voice. "But you did fail in the life I gave you. Where was the greatness I gave you. Where are your descendants that were to help protect my world. Why was your soul mate, the one true love I gave to you so positively denied by you?" the voice questioned. Hermione did not understand what was happening, if this was the voice of the one who created the world then why did he not know that her children had died, and the stories of her being the greatest witch of the age were just the fantasies of her school mates. No Hermione could not understand where she had failed and she said so. "So you fail again even here," the voice told her quietly. "I'm so confused," Hermione answered as she shed more tears. "You were never meant to marry Ronald Bilius Weasley. Did you not remember all the hurt he caused you as you grew up. The children you had together were most definitely not meant to be those of the bully who was destined to have a lonely life because of his hate and jealousy. Those beings died because they were just too human, there was no spirit, no soul in them, they were not yours to have." she heard the voice telling her. Hermione's mind was racing as she tried to work out what the voice meant, but she felt lost. She had thought she had lived a good life, she had followed her heart in all things. But then she suddenly remembered how she had felt in her early years as Harry's friend, she remembered how she had buried the feelings for him that she thought she was to young to feel, and suddenly she began to understand. Those strange feelings as she had hugged him during their first battle with Tom Riddle were not the fantasy of a young girl. They had been real feelings and she should have let them grow and not held them back. The feeling she got being on the back of a hippogriff and clinging tight to Harry, hugging herself to him and feeling something stir inside her. It was a feeling she had suppressed, buried deep inside where it would never bother her again. Suddenly Hermione was brought out of her thoughts as the voice spoke again, "Step forward child, let me show you what your denial and marriage did." Hermione stepped forward and a huge screen like wall appeared in front of her. "Watch closely, and listen carefully Hermione Jane Granger," a new and strange voice commanded as pictures began to appear on the wall. The triwizard champions were entering the great hall and Harry was staring at her and Krum. A look of what she could only call hate, directed at Krum flashed across Harry's face as she turned and smiled at the professional seeker. Harry tripped over his own feet as he danced with Parvati because he was watching her in the arms of Krum. "You should have been with Harry, if you had just waited for him to ask you, or if you had not ignored the love you were given and gone with Harry, Krum would have had no reason to be jealous and turn his wand on Cedric or Harry, he would have fought the imperious charm he was under." the strange voice said. A change of scene and a beaten Harry James Potter appeared out of no where in front of the huge crowd desperately clinging to the body of Cedric Diggory, and as Dumbledore tried to help Harry, Hermione heard Harry's thoughts. ' Hermione help me' repeated over and over in his head until he realised he had made it back to the school. "They should have reached the grave yard three minutes earlier, before the evil one was ready and Cedric should have lived, look at the consequences of your mistake in choosing Krum, time lost in the maze cost a life." The scene changed to when they were in Grimmauld place and she watched Harry enter the room she and Ron were in, she felt the surge of jealousy that coursed through Harry as he saw her get up from the bed she had been sitting on with Ron. ' What the heck are they up to' he thought as she seemed to leap away from Ron. She felt the jolt of pleasure he got when she hugged him but as soon as she let go and stood once again with Ron the jealousy returned. Another change of scene and they were fighting in the department of mysteries, she felt Harry's heart stop when the spell of Dolohov hit her younger self. She felt his over whelming despair as he watched her fall, and then the great flood of love and surge of relief when Neville said she was alive. The scene changed to the sixth year and Harry alone in his dormitory, lay on his bed in the dark, and she could hear him as he asked himself why he still loved someone who wasn't even talking to him about things any more. She felt his tears as he thought she no longer wanted to be his friend, she heard him as he confessed to his empty room that he could do nothing with out Hermione by his side. "If you had not been so distant with him because of a simple book, if you had trusted and believed in him and helped him, Draco Malfoy would never have had the chance to be able to let those death eaters into the castle." Said the voice And then came Harry's heart breaking sorrow as she showed her jealousy for Lavender Brown. She felt his pain increase as he watched her wanting Ron to kiss her and not Lavender. She felt his confusion as he tried to replace her with Ginny. She felt his heart shatter as he watched her in Ron's arms at the funeral of Dumbledore and she heard him thinking of going after Riddle all alone. It was her being in Ron's arms that made him end it with Ginny, he did not want Ginny to feel the pain he felt that day. "Why did you deny your love for him, you had the opportunity to be with Harry, why did you choose Mr Weasley?" Then they were in the tent during the hunt for the Horcruxes. She felt Harry's hate for Ron every time she was alone with Ron and talking about Harry behind his back. He had known