"Doe, a deer, a female deer Ray, a drop of golden sun Me, a name I call myself Far, a long long way to run Sew, a needle pulling thread La, a note to follow sew Tea, I drink with jam and bread That will bring us back to do...oh oh oh" A little girls voice sang "Oooh Percy that was amazing" A young woman's voice exclaimed happily. The woman was hugging a six year old girl the lungs out of her body. The mother took the black wisp out of the child's face. "You shouldn't hide yourself Percy, you sing beautiful and you are beautiful, my little princess." The little girl giggled delighted. " Thank you mommy. Are we going to eat pancakes tonight?" "Everything for my princess." The woman smiled lovingly at her daughter. BREAK Apollo was going crazy. How could a little girl that was not his daughter or blessed by him sound so amazing. He would find out who she was. BREAK FIRST A PART IN THE TITAN'S CURSE "So Percy will you think about my offer." Artemis asked. "I will." Percy replied. Artemis gave her a satisfied smile and left her alone to join her hunters. How could Artemis ask her to join the hunt when she had asked Bianca to join the hunters and took away that little boys sister. Nico stood whole alone in the world because of her. On the other hand one big girl family did sound like a lot of fun. "My brother is going to pick you up." Artemis said to us, a sudden light came from the horizon. "Don't look at it until he parks." She yelled to everyone The bright light dimmed slowly, and made place for a car. A blonde, young man from around the twenties got out of the car. The man seemed to be glowing in the shadows of the trees. The youngling went to Lady Artemis, who was rolling her eyes at him. "Apollo is hot." Thalia said. "Well he is the god of the sun." I joked. She gave me a playful glare and we started to laugh. "What is so funny?" A new voice asked. Percy was in shock how did Apollo get here so fast, he was standing with Artemis just a second ago. The sea princesses turned around to see Thalia just as stunned as her. When their eyes met both couldn't help themselves and started to laugh again. "A joke, Lord Apollo." Thalia said trying to contain her laughter. "Can I hear this joke?" He asked curiously. Both of them knew better then to piss a god of. "Well. That is a very good question. Isn't it Thalia." Percy said, throwing the question at her "Yeah a very good question. With a very good answer Persephone." Thalia said glaring at the sea princesses. "Well, lord Apollo …" "How are we going to fit in that car?" An Italian voice said. "That is a very good question br- I mean Nico." Thalia exclaimed, very glad they got off the question about the joke. Apollo clapped his hands and the beautiful car changed into a bus. "Apollo." Artemis spoke, she gave him a sine to come closer. "Stay away from the hunters, if you dare to flirt with them. I will make sure you will never be able to have a relationship. Ever." "I know" Apollo muttered darkly. "Ow and stay away from Persephone. I saw the way you looked at her." Artemis whispered. "You don't want that she ends the same way like your last lover. Don't you." Apollo gave her another dark glare. He turned around with a smile as bright as the sun. "Let's go everyone! The hunters in the back and the half-bloods in the front. Just the way I like it. Now Thalia if you are a good girl and tell me the joke I will let you drive the sun chariot." He gave Thalia a wink and the sun chariot went back up in the sky were it belonged. TIME SKIP : AFTER THE WAR WITH GAIE. Percy and Annabeth were having a last swim before going to bed. They were interrupted by the laughter of a black haired girl. "Well , well if it isn't my to favourite demigod friends." Thalia said. "So you won the war. Congratulations! So when is the big party? Or am I not invited?" She laughed, while the girls in the lake got silent. "We have to go to Olympus tomorrow." Percy whispered. " Do you guys think that they would ask IT again?" She didn't have to say what she meant with it because everyone knew "Not for everybody is it the second time they would ask it Percy." Annabeth said. "What are you going to say if they ask it again?" "I have no idea." Confessed Percy honestly. "Well you have a whole night to think about it and speaking about night you guys should go to bed before one of you gets eaten by a hydra." Thalia warned. "Or worse expelled." "Yes ma'am." Percy and Annabeth replied together. They got out of the water and Percy dried both of them. They putted their clothes on and went to camp fire for a last sing along to celebrate the end of the war. Still Percy couldn't get over the fact that ever since the won the war that she was being watched. When she got in her cabin, she felt like she wasn't alone. She even said "Hello" to her empty cabin. She was about to go in the bathroom for a late night shower to get the bad thoughts away when she heard something fall. "Annabeth? Thalia? … This isn't funny!" Percy screamed to the cabin. "Annie? Thals?" Percy screamed frightened. She turned around, her picture of she and practically the half of camp on it. It had started with her and the seven, then Nico and will joined, Reyna and Thalia had joined to together with the Stolls. The sea princess putted the photo back on his place out the corner of her eye she spotted a movement from the intruder. She spinned around but there was no one. "Boo." A voice whispered in her ear. Percy ran to the bed. Her attacker grabbed her arm and she fell on the ground. Crawling father on the flour. The man took her foot. "Are we going to run?' He nodded disappointed. "I wanted to make this easy for you Persephone but now you leave me no choice." "Let me go." Percy screamed. "Never!" The man laughed. He dragged the girl back until he was sitting on her stomach. "Say good night." A piece of cloth came in front of her mouth and nose. She tried everything to get the piece a cloth away from her senses. Everything seemed to be turning around, black holes were forming in front of her eyesight the darkness over and The sea princesses past out. "Why don't you just accept your fate, my flower." The man leaned forward and kissed her forehead. LINE BREAK Annabeth laughed to herself. She was not surprised that Percy was waking up to late. Percy had never been the one to wake up early. She looked around to the table of Artemis, expect for Thalia and two other girls the table was empty. Today was a perfect day to prank a certain daughter of Poseidon. "Is Percy still sleeping?" Thalia asked. "It is Percy of course she is. Want to help waking her up?" She asked with an edge on her voice. Thalia laughed and nodded. "She you there in five." The daughter of Zeus answered. Annabeth and Thalia slipped in the Poseidon making sure not to wake the sleeping beauty. Both were stunned to see that Percy wasn't in the cabin. They searched the whole camp but Percy was nowhere to be found. "Chiron!" Annabeth rushed towards him followed by even worriedly Thalia. Chiron looked around to face the two girls both looked angry, scared and powerless. It was nothing for a daughter from Zeus or Thalia to look powerless both gods were pretty proud on their power. "Percy is missing I can't find her. What if she ran away because afraid that gods would offer her immortally again and she didn't want to expect it or what if she is kidnapped or what if she is afraid that the gods are going to kill her because she is to powerful or what if – " The blonde said almost falling over her words. "Annabeth calm down." Chiron whispered to the little girl "Have you looked everywhere?" Annabeth nodded. "Look the picture of her and the seven and Nico is broken what if she was kidnapped." She asked worried. "Then we will find her." Chiron reassured her. He looked at Dionysus. Mr. D. let out a sigh. " I will inform the other gods." Dionysus said. Chiron coughed. "And I will make sure the rest of the seven are going to be safe if this is an attack on the seven." Chiron coughed another time. "And you can start a search." Chiron was about to cough another time. "For Hades sake what do you want me to say?" Everybody looked shocked of the outburst by the god of wine. "That camp will have better boundaries and that immortals have to register for entering so we know who comes in and goes out." Chiron replied calmly. "Fine." Dionysus sighed. "That too." Chiron nodded pleased LINE BREAK Dionysus was the last one to flash in the throne room. "I have bad news." He started. "Persephone Jackson seems to be missing. We searched the whole camp and she is nowhere to be found. In her cabin they found a picture of the seven, broken. Annabeth thinks she might have been kidnapped. I already made the boundaries stronger to make sure that it isn't attack on the seven. Also the rest of the seven who went back to Camp Jupiter are coming back to help search for Percy and so we can have a better overview over them. All immortal's have to register when they come to Camp. I think we need to ask Hades if she is still alive." The room was quiet. All looks were on Poseidon and then on Hera. "It isn't me this time I swear it on the river of Styx." Hera claimed in distance there was sound of thunder. All looks changed from Hera to Poseidon who looked completely in shock. After a couple minutes of silence Poseidon exploded. "So you mean the day she will be offered immortally she disappears again!? You can't be serious. She was supposed to have an happily ever after not and I get kidnapped until I die life. She doesn't deserve that after all she has done for us. " The ground in the room started to shake and the floor was filling with seawater. "Brother control yourself!" Zeus screamed back. "Let's go to the options why she could have been kidnapped. Athena?" He said trying to calm his brother down, luckily he succeeded. Athena sighed. " The options are endless, the titan war, the war with Gaia, the monsters she fought with between the wars, another prophecy and … Never mind." "What?" Poseidon asked a little calmer. "Percy is a beautiful, young girl. She might have been kidnapped about her beauty because the person who kidnapped her is in love with her. She wouldn't be the first girl to suffer that destiny. Look at Persephone, the goddess whit the same name, she was kidnapped by Hades and she is the first of a long list." Poseidon's head had become that red he looked like a tomato because of anger to be clear. Hermes saw that his uncle could explode again at any moment. "I can ask around." He said. Poseidon looked at him confused. "I can ask around if somebody might now something." Hermes nodded