Disclaimer: The characters of Harry Potter Universe are the property of J.K. Rowling. All canon characters, plots, and situations are not owned by me and I make no profit from this story. Love to my Betas: naarna & SmileImASlytherin Warning: Rated M for adult themes, language, and the occasional graphic sex scenes. A/N: This is my baby, my first ever fic for HP & post to FF so please be kind :) I appreciate all constructive criticism & reviews. It will NOT be Cannon or Epilogue compliant. It is a Dramione. Also, some light Femslash with Ginny & Luna may happen. This is a new story/a WIP, I will update as often as the muses allow me to :) Much love to you all 3 Looking Back Chapter One: New Year's Eve _/*******{o0&0o}*******\_ It was the best way to start a new year, looking back on that night Hermione would never have thought things would have turned out this way. New Year's Eve - December 31, 1999 Hermione was at a party with Ginny at Ascent, some new nightclub in Diagon Alley that was throwing a new year's bash. Ginny had begged and pleaded with her every day for almost two weeks until finally, she gave in. A few days earlier... "Come on, Hermione, it will be so much fun!" "Ginny, I don't want to just stand around being fawned over by witches and wizards; I hate being in the spotlight... I'd rather just spend the night at home reading and turn in at a reasonable hour." "Hermione, come on...don't you want to find some sexy wizard to shag all night?! Ring in the new year with a bang , I know I do!" she said with a wink. "Ginny, I am not about to join you in one of your crazy trysts with Luna and some wizard like at Halloween. That was a one-time thing, and it will never happen again. Firewhiskey and I do not get on, and it was awkward as all hell running into him at the Ministry a few days later! I do not want a repeat of that again." "Look, Hermione, I know that was a crazy night, you felt bad after having just broken up with the prat that is my brother, and it was a one-time thing as you've said a million times, but remember our resolution lists? I am going to work on standing up to my mother more, and you are going to work on not being such an uptight know-it-all swot—your words, not mine! So loosen up a little, and let's have some fun!" "Alright, alright, but I swear to Circe, Ginny Weasley, I will not be getting pissed and repeating Halloween!" Ascent Nightclub - New Year's Eve Thankfully she & Ginny had purchased VIP entrance and did not have to face the long line that had formed by the time they got there. A security wizard at the large double doors found their names on the list and let them in immediately upon their arrival. The club was tastefully decorated in understated tones of black and silver with opalescent accents, the indirect lighting was gentle on the eyes and created dim corners for couples to sneak off to. Separate dancing and lounge areas gave one the choice of joining the loud bustling dance floor or a enjoying the quieter area for conversations. The second floor was similar with another lounge area that overlooked the dancing crowd below, a light Silencing Charm had been placed at the edge of the balcony to filter out the bulk of the noise from below. It had been furnished with comfortable plush couches and armchairs, a number of semi-private booths and tables, as well as comfortable high-backed stools at the bar. There was decent music in the lounge area playing at a comfortable volume and they had booked a great band to play in the dance area. Hermione was enjoying herself, for the most part, that is until everyone else around her started pairing off—couples dancing, snogging, and remembering the year that had passed. Ginny was lost in the throngs of people, probably snogging some wizard just as drunk as she was pretending to be. She, however, was standing against the wall, nursing a drink, politely listening to a dazzled witch's story when she saw him. He walked through the door like he owned the place, typical Draco Malfoy and his air of arrogance that he exuded. He flashed a dazzling smile and made his way through the crowd greeting people here and there. "What is he doing here?" Hermione asked, watching him walk through the crowd. Memories flooded her mind, like the time he tried to hex Harry before Potions class but hit her instead and caused her teeth to grow larger than a beaver's, and then cruelly laughed with Professor Snape and the other Slytherins; or of all the times he called her a "filthy little Mudblood" or "swotty little know-it-all"; and especially the time she punched him after he was poking fun at Hagrid and Buckbeak. The fan who had just been speaking to her in adoration gave a little snort and rolled her eyes. "Don't you know? Draco Malfoy owns this club." Seeing that Hermione was no longer interested in her story, she walked away. With a shrug, Hermione watched the witch walk away, slightly hoping she hadn't been too rude with her question. So, over the next few hours she mingled with acquaintances she knew from work, even saw some very familiar faces she had to say hello to until she had to finally get herself another drink at the bar. She only discovered him standing there when she finally made it through to the front to order another beer. Still surprised at his presence, she stole a glance, only to notice that he was staring right back at her, intently so. Apparently, he was just as surprised at her presence in this place; at least this was what she gleaned from his small smile and polite nod. After a single, acknowledging nod back, she took her beer to return to her previous spot. As midnight approached, most of the other patrons were already outside to watch the fireworks, counting down the minutes until the new year arrived. Hermione started to look for Ginny, who was probably snogging some lucky wizard in a corner booth or broom closet. She made her way to the loo and called out for Ginny, but no answer came. Hermione went upstairs to find the second-floor seating area completely empty; save for a door down a single hallway. She opened it to discover an empty private office and sitting room with its own view of the fireworks show. She paused for a moment at the window to enjoy the view, when a voice came from behind her, causing her stomach to knot up. The voice that had tormented her during childhood, been the cause of many tears; the voice that had saved her life during the Battle of Hogwarts, a voice that now held kindness. "Granger, what are you doing in here? Are...are you looking for me?" Draco asked confused. "No, Ginny actually. We're supposed to go home together, we have a flat not far from here. I'm sorry I didn't know this was your office," she told him. "I'm quite certain I saw her go out into the street some time ago," he said. He sat down behind the large desk and opened a file to read. Hermione started walking towards the door when Draco spoke again. "I have some end of night reports to finish, but you're welcome to stay and watch the show… if you like." Hermione hesitated for a moment, looking out the window down at the streets and decided she would rather stay here than face the crowds. "Have a seat," he said and gestured to the oversized armchair near the window. She wanted to sit, the night had been so long and seating in the bar had been hard to come by, but it seemed as though Draco had work to do, and she did not want to intrude. Draco noticed her hesitation. "Granger, please, make yourself comfortable." She slowly sat down, smiling at him. "Thank you, I am quite tired and if Ginny comes looking for me, she would come back into the pub before going elsewhere." "I'll have my staff keep an eye out for her in case she comes back." Hermione nodded, kicking off her flats to curl up in the chair and watch the fireworks. It was a beautiful show, the fireworks were mesmerizing, but the armchair was so comfortable that Hermione soon fell asleep. Some time later, she woke to the sound of a door closing and found herself alone in the office. As she stood, a blanket fell to the floor; apparently, Draco had covered her up while she slept. This sweet, simple gesture seemed to stir something within her; the cruel boy had grown into a kind man, something that both shocked and intrigued her. She looked around for a clock but did not see one, but judging by the quiet emptiness of the streets below and the darkness of the sky, it was probably around four. She slid her feet into her flats before gathering her bag and jacket. Just as she was going to leave, she heard a door unlatch and open to her left. She spun around quickly, her wand aimed at the noise. "Whoah! Hermione, it's just me. You can put your wand away," Draco said, his hands up, but with an amused smirk. Hermione quickly stored her wand away inside her jacket. "Sorry, old habits," she said embarrassed. He nodded in understanding. "I spoke to my staff not too long ago. Ginny returned looking for you, and I told her you fell asleep in my office. She left a note for you and then got onto the Knight Bus with that Lovegood girl and a wizard shortly after midnight." She laughed. "It figures; Ginny had said she wouldn't miss the opportunity to start the new year off with a bang. And she and Luna have been somewhat... involved since 6th year. Those two can be quite wild, so that wizard is in for a treat tonight!" She opened the note he had given her to read. Hermione, Luna and I are going back to our the flat with our new friend. Don't worry, we will leave your room alone! Can't say the same for the rest of the house, though... Send in your Patronus before you come back so that we can prepare ourselves. I'd hate to have a repeat of Halloween haha! Have fun with Draco! See you later! Ginny Hermione rolled her eyes and sighed. Her best friends were busy shagging all over their flat; that place would need a serious Scourgify when she got home. When she finished reading the note, she looked up and noticed the open door Draco had come out of. It seems that he had his own bedroom in his office, which was quite surprising, considering the vast manor his family lived in. Just then her bladder gave a twinge of discomfort, demanding her attention and thus pulling her out of her thoughts. "I'm just going to go downstairs to the loo and then head home. Thank you for letting me stay… Draco," she said as she made her way to the door. "Hermione, wait!" She turned to look at him and noticed he was quickly trying to find something else to say. "Yes?" "Uh, you're welcome… I mean, you can use mine… I have a bathroom in my suite, it's much nicer than the facilities downstairs. Besides, it's dark and empty down there, since my staff have all gone home," he said nervously. She looked at him quizzically. They had shared a fleeting moment together when he had saved her life in the Battle, but why was