Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. " During the next few hours, Seattle will experience a fierce storm surging throughout the night. High spring tides are also expected to occur. On top of all of that, when the winds ease down, we will see snow showers…" Rolling from under the car, I reach forward and turn off the small portable radio. "Hey, Seth! You should head out for the night if you plan to make it home in this weather." "Thanks, Ed! Happy New Year," Seth calls joyfully. "Send my regards to your lovely wife," I call out as I slide back under the car. "Eyes off my lady, Masen!" shouts Seth, attempting to sound annoyed. "Can't help it, dude; she's a knockout," I retort, trying not to laugh while concentrating on the work at hand. "Ha-ha. I'm just glad she's immune to your charms, you fucker! Don't stay here too long; go enjoy yourself, bud. And by enjoy yourself, I mean something other than masturbating over that Aston Martin you're drooling after." "Shut up, pansy, or I'll tell Claire about the time at the car show where you got a major boner next to that Bimmer." "Fuck! You said you'd never bring that up!" he shouts, flushing. "I said it would be better if Claire doesn't find out, not that I wouldn't say anything." "That's not fair, Masen," he whines. "Don't be a crybaby. That's life, kid." "Yeah, man, life is unfair. But do you know what is fair? The fact that you haven't gotten laid for about a year!" Seth says, laughing like the moron he is. "Fuck off, Clearwater. Get going before Claire starts hounding your ass." Just then, like clockwork, before Seth could open that big mouth of his again, his cellphone rings. " How did you ...?" he trails off. "Nevermind, I have to go. Later, babes!" "Bye, sugarbug!" Seth's angry stomping is the last thing I hear from him. He hates when I call him that. I roll back under the car I was working on before, thinking Seth's lucky he doesn't work for someone else. Nobody but his best friend would put up with the way he talks to me, and even I don't like it sometimes. I've known Seth since middle school. He was a scrawny little guy, and other people decided he made the perfect target. I kicked the shit out a few of them and got suspended from school for a week, but I got a friend out of it. Eventually, he filled out and became the big buffoon he is today. Besides my bike, this shop is my pride and joy. I built it from the ground up on my own, and now business is thriving. I am the happiest I have ever been and satisfied with what I have. Sure, I had my fair share of fun during college, but currently, I'm preoccupied with my job. So much so that my brothers and friends tease me, saying I don't get laid because I'm married to the shop. Yet, there's nothing more satisfying to me than restoring a car to perfect condition. It takes patience and tender care to be able to understand its problem and apply suitable treatment. I know I probably sound like a doctor, but that is the reality of my job, even if my patients come with four wheels and a motor. Checking my watch, I see it's already 9:30 p.m. I roll away from under the car and stand up, stretching my arms and flexing my back muscles. My spine cracks, registering its displeasure from being forced to lie under a car for the better part of fourteen hours. The vehicle I'm fixing still requires more work, but I'm finished for today. I can get it done after I come back in a few days. I grab the tools I'd been using and set them on my workbench before washing my hands. As I'm stepping back out of the bathroom, I hear a loud bang from outside. Now, this is unusual—because when the shop door is closed, sounds from outside are pretty muffled—so I decide to go investigate. I'm wondering what could possibly be going on, yet I try not to think of the worst when I go through my office to the front door. I grab my jacket and step out into the pouring rain. Shivering from the cold, I look around. Across the street, directly in front of the driveway of my shop's small parking lot, I see an enormous pickup truck. It's probably a 50-something Chevy, and smoke's rolling out from under its hood. From what I can see of her, while she's sitting in the cab of her truck, the driver is a young woman. She has long, dark tresses, which are covered by a slouchy red beanie that looks too big. She steps out of her truck, and is immediately drenched. After walking around its front, she stands there with a scowl on her pretty face, her hands on her hips. Uh-oh, Red could burn herself if she opens the hood, I think. Yeah, Red . It's the perfect nickname for her. Wanting to warn her, I shout, "Hey, miss, don't try to open that!" However, the rain is so loud she can't hear me. I'm just a few steps away from her when she starts to search for the hood release and grabs the edge of the hood. She pulls her hands back quickly, blowing on them before shouting in pain. " Fuck! " "Shit," I hiss under my breath. A second later, I'm right beside her, tapping her shoulder. "Miss, I saw what happened. You might need ointment for your fingers!" I exclaim over the rain. I must have startled Red because she jumps a little, then whirls around to see where my voice came from. She wobbles a bit, so I put my hand on her shoulder to steady her. I exhale with a whoosh, and for the life of me, I can't remember how to inhale again because I'm gazing into the biggest, most beautiful eyes I've ever encountered. For a moment, the world stands still, making me forget my own name. A hum of electricity zings between us like a live wire, causing an urge in me to step closer to the angel in front of me. I hold her against me and stare at her for what seems like an eternity. Nothing else registers: not the rain, or thunder, or the cars that are starting to creep by us. Then, the sound of a car horn wakes me from my momentary stupor. I startle away from her, removing the hand that was on her shoulder. Feeling myself blush, I look down. From the corner of my eye, I see her shaking her head as if trying to collect herself. Could she have felt that as well? Was I not the only one who felt this inexplicable connection? This feeling that's shaken me to my core? Maybe it's not love, but it's more than attraction. Gathering my wits, I say, "Um, miss, let's step out of the rain. You're shivering, and my shop is right across the street." Pointing behind me with my thumb, I show her exactly where. Tilting her head to the right, she looks behind me, then gazes into my eyes for a few seconds before nodding in agreement. "Go inside; the door's unlocked," I tell her. "There's a washroom just outside the office to your left. Put your hand under the cold water and wait for me. I'll bring your truck over to the garage and inspect it." "Thank you, but you don't have to do that." The angel speaks . And, oh, what a lovely voice she has. "You can't leave it out in the traffic, ma'am," I tell her. Red sighs, nodding and running gracefully to the shop. I watch her until she is safely inside. The traffic is beginning to move slowly and the drivers are getting annoyed by the unmoving truck. Signaling them to wait, I run behind my shop. I haul my ass into my tow truck, which was, luckily, still parked outside. Once I start it up and turn on the flashing yellow lights, I drive over to her dilapidated truck. After ensuring it's latched onto my truck, I slowly edge it away from the traffic and make my way toward the garage door, clicking on the button to open it up. Once the door is open, I park it inside and shut the door. I can hear the water still going, so I walk quickly to the washroom and knock on the door to not startle her. The first thing that strikes me about Red is that big, wet, crocheted beanie of hers. She looks adorable with it on. I stand there for a moment, just admiring the beautiful girl standing in my shop, all wet and shivering, yet still exquisite. "Hello, ma'am," I say, smiling. "Hey, thank you for letting me use your sink," she replies, mirroring my smile. I point at her hands. "Let me see them, please." She looks at me quizzically, so I give her a reassuring smile, and shut the water off. I grab two towels from the cabinet on the wall and burn ointment from the medical kit. I wipe my face and roughly dry my hair with the towel as much as I can, probably making my hair stick out all over the place. I don't dwell on that at the moment, because I have a wonderful creature to attend to. Throwing the towel in the hamper, I turn around and face her. She stands there, with her arms huddled to her chest, shivering violently. "Wait here, please." I hold up a finger, then quickly make my way to the supply room. Once there, I grab a large blanket and return to the bathroom. I slowly edge toward her and hold the blanket up. "May I?" Red bites her lip for a moment, deciding whether or not to trust me. As she looks down, I really look at her for the first time. She has a heart-shaped face, which is mainly dominated by her big, beautiful eyes I had noticed before. Long, dark lashes and naturally-arched eyebrows frame them, making them stand out even more atop her rosy cheeks. Her lips are plump and pink, although the top one looks just a tiny bit fuller. And, as if she's been watching my perusal of her face, she pulls her bottom lip between her teeth and bites down on it. I want to reach out and smooth it over with my thumb, yet I shake the thought out of my head and look at her expectantly. A few seconds later, she nods in acceptance, so I drape the blanket over her shoulders, brushing my hands lightly over them. She grabs the edges of the blanket and winces a little, but pulls it close to her as she mumbles a sweet "thank you" in response. Her face is still wet since her red beanie is dripping water on it, as well as down her back. Her long, wet hair is stuck to her neck and must be uncomfortable. Not wanting to be presumptuous, I hold the towel up and ask, "Would like me to wrap your hair in this? You'll hurt your fingers doing it yourself and it must be uncomfortable having it stick to your neck like that." She gauges me for a moment with scrutinizing eyes before saying, "Yes, you may." I approach her and gently remove the red beanie, placing it on the radiator attached to the wall. Next to my height, which is 6'2", she looks tiny. Her forehead is even with my chest, so I estimate her to be about 5'4". Stepping behind her, I collect her hair in my hand, gently twisting