I finish my sentence and put down my quill. My wrist's aching from all the writing and it's stiflingly hot here in the Great Hall. I flex my fingers and think longingly of this time tomorrow, when our last exam – Transfiguration – will be over. Flicking back through my Defence paper, I seem to have done OK; I haven't skipped any questions and nothing caused me too much trouble. Hopefully, I got an E. Or just possibly an O? It wouldn't be the first "Outstanding" I'd ever got in this subject, but it would be the one I was most proud of. I shut the paper and sigh, just as I hear Professor Flitwick at the front squeak, "Quills down, please! That means you too, Stebbins! Please remain seated while I collect your parchment. Accio!" I watch my exam paper soar off my desk and meet the others, then the whole bundle flies towards Professor Flitwick – unfortunately knocking him down in the process. A couple of kids with surnames starting with "A" help him up and he tells us we're free to go. I stand and stretch and walk out the Hall, meeting my friends about halfway out. Alice Longbottom is trying to remove the ink from beneath her fingernails when I tap her on the shoulder. "How'd that one go?" I ask her. "OK," she says, and she sounds relieved. "I mean, not brilliantly, but OK… I think I might have passed, probably… maybe I got an E…." "Alice," I say. "You could get an Outstanding in Defence in your sleep!" "You're one to talk, Lily!" She grins. We catch up to our other friends and make our way outside, the air blissfully cool after the stuffy exam hall, even in the height of summer. We make our way over to the edge of the lake, laughing at Marlene's answer to question 6, which she's describing now with one of those what-am-I-like expressions on her face. Alice and I take off our shoes and socks and slide our feet into the murky water of the lake. I feel a delicious shiver swoop up my body, cooling me all over. "Just try not to think of the giant squid!" Marlene says wickedly from my far right, and Alice withdraws her feet hastily. Marlene cackles but I lie back on the grass, closing my eyes, with my toes skimming the water. The tensions of the exam seem to melt away. Or at least they would if Alice would stop reciting Transfiguration facts at the speed of light in my face. I moan and lazily swot the textbook she's holding out of her hands. "Lily!" She says, in a mock-shocked tone. "Come on," I say, sitting up and shaking my red hair out of its ponytail. "Relax for five minutes!" I lie back again, the sun warm on my face and the water cool on my feet, pondweed tickling my toes. "Um, Lily…" I hear Alice say. "I told you, relax. You'll be fine in Transfig-" "It's not that," she interrupts, sounding more urgent. "It's… Potter. And Snape." "Sev?" I sit up suddenly, blinking in the sunlight. I swing around. I see Potter and Black; they're hunched over Sev, who's lying on the ground. I sit bolt upright and run towards them, not bothering to put my shoes back on. I can hear Alice and Marlene and the others calling my name behind me but I ignore them and run towards Potter. There's quite a scene. Potter and Black are clearly putting on a show. Pettigrew's behind them, sniggering, and I can see a pretty large group of sixth-years watching. They look entertained. Next to them, a bunch of four-year girls stand in a mass, batting their eyelashes at Potter and Black and looking at Sev like he's a slug. "Wash your mouth out," I get close enough to hear Potter say scathingly to Sev. " Scourgify!" Pink foam streams from Sev's mouth, choking him. Anger rears its head in the pit of my stomach. I run up to Potter and Black. "Leave him ALONE!" They look round. Potter rakes his fingers through his hair, dishevelling it further. His fourth-year fan club sigh adoringly. I reckon they've had too much sun. "All right, Evans?" Potter says, his voice dropping an octave and becoming calm, mature. It doesn't fool me. "Leave him alone," I say again, glaring at him. "What's he done to you?" "Well," Potter ponders, "It's more the fact that he exists, if you know what I mean…" There's a ripple of laughter from the surrounding people (though not from Remus, who's reading – again.) They're all way too easily impressed, in my opinion. "You think you're funny," I say, trying to keep my tone as cold as possible. "But you're just an arrogant, bullying toerag, Potter. Leave him alone." "I will if you go out with me, Evans." He says quickly. "Go on… go out with me and I'll never lay a wand on old Snivelly again." I want to scream. James Potter is the last person on earth I would want to go out with. Unfortunately, he seems to think asking me – and so very sincerely – is a great way to annoy me. And he's right. It drives me mental. "I wouldn't go out with you if it was a choice between you and the giant squid." I say, crossing my arms. The fan club sigh in relief, but Potter looks momentarily crushed. For a second there, I almost thought he was genuine. "Bad luck, Prongs." Black says briskly. Then he sees Severus. "OI!" Severus is on his feet again, clutching his wand in his fist. There's a flash of light and blood trickles down Potter's face from the gash on his cheek – the result of Sev's hex. For a second, I think this is a little far – but I guess this is Potter. He started it. He started all of it. In a second Severus is upside-down in the air: Potter's revenge. For a second my lips turn traitor on me and twitch as though I should smile. At my best friend being bullied. I shake myself and tell Potter to let him down. "Certainly," he says, with an air of generosity. Sev lands in a crumpled heap on the ground and he rises quickly, holding his wand, but Black's faster. He's used Petrificus Totalus in the blink of an eye and Sev falls yet again, stiff, paralysed. Anger sweeps through me in a red-hot wave. "LEAVE HIM ALONE!" I shout again, and this time I plunge my hand into my pocket and take out my own wand. Potter and Black eye it nervously, and I feel a grim sense of satisfaction. I don't go around hexing everyone I meet the way they do, but I can hold my own in a duel. Tangling with me when I'm this angry would not be wise. "Ah, Evans, don't make me hex you," Potter says. I wish he would. I wish I could just battle it out with him and emerge from our years-long feud victorious. But that's not likely on happen. He can hardly keep up this irritating cutesy lover-boy routine with me if he's firing jinxes in my direction. "Take the curse off him, then!" I retort. Potter sighs deeply, like he's got to make a great personal sacrifice, and mutters the counter-curse in Sev's direction. "There you go," he says in a hard voice as Sev stands up. "You're lucky Evans was here, Snivellus-" "I don't need help from filthy little Mudbloods like her!" I blink. There's a moment of silence that seems to last for a lot longer than a few seconds. Potter's jaw drops, Black's eyebrows shoot up into his swooping black fringe, and Pettigrew lets out a nervous giggle. I hear Remus drop the book he's pretending to be engrossed in and the little crowd around us all look a little shell-shocked. I look down at my bare feet. They're covered in mud. I feel small, unclean, impure. A clueless little girl standing here in the middle of a fight with no shoes, no power. The world swims strangely and I inhale, trying hard not to give away any emotion. "Fine." I say finally. "I won't help in future." And then I feel a strange urge to lash out; "And I'd wash my pants if I were you, Snivellus ." The words sound petty and immature the second they're out of my mouth but the shock of his jibe still stings. Potter raises his wand at Severus. "Apologise to Evans!" He roars. I look at Potter. At his tousled hair and well-made uniform worn in a way that makes him look somehow cool, even wearing the same thing as everyone else. At the entourage who adores him and the twittering lovesick fourth-years and the OWL paper sticking out his bag, one he probably didn't study for and will somehow still get an Outstanding on. Perfect, pureblood Potter. Somehow this makes me even angrier. I don't need a defender. And if I did, it wouldn't be James Potter. "I don't want you to make him apologise!" I shout at him, the frustration I'm feeling reaching a critical level. "You're as bad as he is." "What?" he yelps, and he actually looks a little hurt. "I'd NEVER call you a- you-know-what!" "Messing up your hair because you think it looks cool to look like you just got off your broomstick, messing around with that stupid Snitch, walking down corridors hexing anyone who annoys you just because you can - I'm surprised your broomstick can get off the ground with that fat head on it. You make me SICK!" I yell back, and then I feel tears prickling at the back of my eyes and I know I have to get away, right now, otherwise I'll start crying here in front of everyone. I turn around sharply and run away, leaving Potter staring after me. "Evans!" I hear him shout. "Hey, EVANS!" But I don't look around. I run past my friends, leaving my stuff, entering the castle and hurrying up the stairs. I don't stop until I reach the girls' dorm above the common room, when I finally stop and sit down on my bed. I feel strange, numb. I wait in silence until I've got my tear ducts under control. About five minutes pass before my friends come up. I can hear them outside the door, deciding on their plan of action. "You talk to her first, Alice, you're good at this stuff…" "You sure? Y'know, maybe she doesn't want to talk to anyone now. I don't think I would." "We should give it a shot, right? In case we can help." "I don't think anything anyone says can help." I hear Marlene's voice say. "Her best friend just called her a Mudblood. But honestly, I can't believe she didn't see it coming. It was only a matter of time before the little creep showed his true colours. His Slytherin gang call all the Muggle-borns Mudbloods. I'm surprised it didn't happen sooner…" Her voice tails off. Then she says: "You guys used Muffliato, right?" I hear someone sigh. "If you didn't talk so loudly it wouldn't be a problem." "Look," Alice says. "I'm going to just go in and talk to her now." The door swings open and she comes in and sits down on my bed, looking at me like I'm an injured puppy. "Are you…OK?" she asks tentatively. "Yeah. I'm fine." I say blankly. "Um… did you hear what Marlene said out there?" "Yeah, actually, I did. But it's not her fault. Maybe I have been blind. Who'd have thought that a Gryffindor and a Slytherin could actually stay friends?" My tone sounds bitter. Alice slings an arm around my shoulder. "You don't need him," she says bracingly. "You have us!" I look up, try for a