This is actually my first Percabeth story so go easy on me, but if you do like it I not only would like to hear that from you in the reviews, but I also have many Solangelo one-shots and stories and you can find those on my profile page. This irony should probably make you fall over laughing- this morning my sister decided to make blue pancakes, she's not even that big of a PJO fan, or really one at all, and didn't know about this story I wrote, she just really wanted to make blue pancakes. And then I told her about it and her mind was blown- and the picture for this story is of her pancakes. This is the finally to my one week of postings. BTW- IT IS MY ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY SINCE THE FIRST THING I POSTED ON THIS WEBSITE. Just wanted to thank all of you from the bottom of heart, which is half melted from all of the amazing comments and reviews I've gotten over the months. As of 12:09 PM EST today- I have received a total of 45,865 views for all of my stories in total. I love you guys, and you're the ones that make me want to write so much, so this one's for you. Previous Postings for this week: Opposites Attract- Chapter 2 Will Solace is Handsome as Hell- Chapter 3 Timid to the Point of Awkward- Chapter 1 Broken Down Once Again- Chapter 1 Hunters Meet Demigods, Demigods Meet Hunters- Chapter 4 Chemistry- Chapter 1 Percy POV Now I'm not usually one for bookstores, just because of one little thing. All they sell is books. I'm not fond of stores selling shredded trees with writing in them. Especially with my dyslexia. It's hard enough reading the things I need to like menus and street signs, but to pile on unnecessary things like The Complete Encyclopedia of Greek Monsters is ridiculous. I swear, that thing weighs more than my cousin Nico. The reason I passed by one so often though, was because of my job at a little bakery down the street from it. One rainy morning I was walking by and happened to glance through the window. My heart practically stopped. Standing alone behind one of the registers was a girl. She looked about my age, nineteen or twenty. Golden curls stretched past her shoulders and when she turned my way I noticed her stormy grey eyes before she looked back down at the paper she was writing on. She looked sort of sleepy even though it was seven in the morning and the cute way she yawned pressed its way into my mind. I glanced at my watch to see if there was time to go inside. Shist . It was 7:18. I was late. I ran the rest of the way before walking through the back door of the shop to the smell of pastries and bread. It was the best smell in the world, except maybe rivaled my mom's blue chocolate chip cookies and the ocean. I sighed in relief when I noticed my boss wasn't there yet. Just a word of warning: my boss can be very scary. I quickly put on an apron and began kneading dough. By the time my boss returned I was elbow deep in the sticky mass. "You're late. By six minutes," my boss said in her angry voice, arms tightly crossed. "It's raining outside. It took forever to get here," I tried to explain. "Yeah. Right. Uh huh," my boss said. "Aw, come on Thals," I said, pouting. "You and your stupid seal eyes Kelp Head," Thalia groaned, "How am I ever supposed to stay mad at you!" "You're my cousin," I said with a grin, "you can't stay mad." "Just get back to work," Thalia said, grabbing some oven mitts and pulling a tray of blueberry muffins out of the oven. I guess I forgot to mention, I work for my cousin Thalia. She's almost 26 and owns a shop called Blue Skies Bakery. She won't admit it, but profits since I came have almost doubled for two reasons. One: I convinced her to make almost all of the pastries blue, which seems to be a big draw, especially when it comes to our blue cream puffs. Two: my mom let me have her blue chocolate chip cookie recipe since she loves Thalia and would do anything to help her business thrive. In one week we can sell up to 3,000 cookies, and sometimes more depending on parties and holidays. We've become a local icon here in New York City. Yet Thalia takes all the credit. I mean, she does do all the paperwork and everything else that requires, well- intelligence. But all of the pastries are mine, as are some of the breads, which people seem to really enjoy so on occasion Thalia is forced to admit I do help out, even if she's always calling me Kelp Head. As I continued through my daily routine of breads, cookies, scones, and muffins, I couldn't get the blond from the bookstore out of my head. I'd been dreaming of what a smile from her would be like. Probably warm and inviting. "Percy! You're burning the caramel sauce!" Thalia yelled at the smoking sugary liquid in a sauce pan. "Shist!" I shouted as I emersed the pan in a sink full of water. "Are you okay Percy? You seem distracted or something," Thalia asked, worried. She had no idea. Annabeth POV The day I first saw him it was rainy, like teardrops falling from the sky and mourning the recent fight I had with my father. He wanted me to stay in California despite my love of NYU and New York architecture. So here I was- going to NYU off of scholarship money, with a job on the side to help. My gaze flittered to the window, and all I saw was his dark hair and sea green eyes as he ran past the window. The single look from him was enough to hook me. I just had to find him. I had to see him again. He held this aura of mystery that I just couldn't figure out with only a glimpse. How I was going to find him again though was unbeknownst to me. Maybe he regularly walked by the book store. Or maybe I would never see those gorgeous eyes of his again. For now though, the image was imprinted into my mind. I looked back down at a building I had begun drawing on a piece of scrap paper. Before I knew it, I was sketching his eyes and his hair, trying to imagine just what his face would look like. That was the rest of my day in between helping customers before I walked back to my dorm, which was only a few minutes away, at the end of my shift. After forgetting my umbrella that morning, I was soaking wet when I walked back into my dorm room, where my roommate Piper was sitting on her bed and watching Netflix like she did every Saturday afternoon, but this time she was nibbling on strange cookies. What makes them strange you ask? Well, they were a vibrant shade of blue. "Oh honey, you look half frozen," Piper said in a worried voice. After I dried off and changed into a set of dry clothes with a fuzzy blanket wrapped tightly around me, I sat next to Piper on her bed where she was halfway through an episode of Supernatural. She held of the box of cookies and I took one wordlessly before biting into it. "Oh my god," I said, my mouth still full of cookie, "this is amazing. Where are they from?" "My boyfriend, you know Jason," Piper said, and I nodded because he came over quite frequently, "well his sister owns this little bakery on campus so he gets free stuff all the time. Actually, I think it's just down the road from that book shop you work at." "Really?" I asked. "I should stop by sometime. Is everything from there so… colorful?" Piper laughed, "To my knowledge it's just most of the pastries that are blue." "Aww," I pouted, "So I can't get blue cinnamon raisin bread?" "I guess you'll just have to go and see," Piper answered, "By the way, Jason's cousin also works there." "And?" I asked, not seeing the point. Piper turned her head to look at me and smiled, "He's hot." I groaned in response and pressed my face into a pillow. "Look, I know the last one, the med student, didn't work out, but I swear I didn't know the guy was gay. On the bright side I set him up with Jason's cousin and they're going strong now," Piper said. I whipped my head up to look at her, thinking she was trying to set me up with the same guy. Piper blushed and rushed to fix her mistake, "I mean his other cousin. I swear, this one is totally straight." I glared at her, "What are your ulterior motives?" "Think about it," Piper said smiling, "If I end up marrying Jason and you marry his cousin then we'd practically be sisters." "You'd be my husband's cousin's wife," I corrected. "So my cousin-in-law I guess?" "Same difference," Piper said jubilantly. I groaned and shoved my face back into the pillow as Supernatural continued to blare in the background. The next day I began my shift at the same time. Seven o'clock sharp. Despite the fact that no one wants to buy books at seven in the morning. Shortly after, as I was glancing through the large windows of the shop, I say the same guy from the day before. Raven black hair and sea green eyes. He stopped outside to look in and I saw a slight smile on his face when his gaze hit me. He gave a small wave, and I couldn't help but wave back and smile as well. A deep blush began to spread through my face. Percy POV After waving at the beautiful girl in the book shop on the second day, I couldn't help but feel all giddy inside. By the third one I wanted to go introduce myself, but Thalia was already waiting on me, so I settled for a quick wave on my way by, which she reciprocated in what I can assume was a happy manner, but it seemed slightly shy. After I finished my shift, I walked back past the book shop, but the pretty blond girl was nowhere to be seen. The fourth day I did the unthinkable. I left early for work in order to linger by the book shop a bit before having to go meet my cousin. Once again it was a bit dreary and drizzly, enough so that the windows were covered in condensation and rain droplets. I could see the girl looking at me from inside the shop and took a leap of faith. Painstakingly, I wrote my my name backwards on the window in the condensation and water droplets and pointed to myself, though I was quite sure that the e was backwards. I could tell she was laughing, but it was adorable and I had finally gotten to see that smile I had been daydreaming about since day one before continuing to walk down the street. This time I had been smarter, and instead of trying to go back after my shift, I walked back to the store during my break. Luckily, by this time it had stopped raining. Stuck to the window from the inside of the bookstore was a piece of paper, and written on it was a name: Annabeth . I glanced inside to see the blond girl helping a customer at the register, but she looked up at me with those calculating, stormy grey eyes and smiled widely before returning to