Idk the idea that Will can control light has been popping up more and more on my Tumblr dash and I'm liking it. So I wrote a thing. Obviously some of the things in here are totally made up. I tried to keep everything pretty accurate though. I don't own Percy Jackson. GENERAL POV Will Solace stepped into the Apollo cabin's bathroom and shut the door behind him, leaning against the solid cherry slabs and shutting his eyes, reveling for a moment in the silence. The Apollo bathroom was soundproofed, so that the children of the god could sing at the top of their lungs without being embarrassed (not every one of Apollo's kids was gifted in music, which was very obvious at times). Will wasn't good at singing, per say, but he wasn't bad. He just enjoyed his twenty minutes of allotted shower time because it gave him a chance to think, especially now that he had just started dating Nico. The blonde smiled and leaned over, switching on the faucet and letting the water heat up before he flicked the knob that turned the would-be bath into a shower. He slipped into the broiling water and sighed, tilting his head back and letting the liquid slide down him, relaxing for a moment. Everyone always complained about the Apollo cabin using the most hot water. Since every child of Apollo was able to stand more heat than normal humans and demi-gods, the temperature of a normal shower felt cold to them, so they tended to use up more hot water. They got a lot of heat for it. Will snorted at the thought of the pun, nearly choking on the water that went up his nose. He focused back on his shower, knowing he had limited time, and washed his hair, face and body quickly. He stepped out of the steaming shower and onto the yellow sun rug next to the tub, wrapping a towel around his waist and moving over to the sink, noting that he had about ten minutes before the next camper got dibs on the bathroom. As one of the oldest campers, Will usually got the shower second or third, so he tried to be fast to be courteous to the younger cabin members. This show of consideration, plus the death of Lee Fletcher, Michael Yew, and several other factors, had made Will an easily chosen cabin leader, and he was well liked among the kids in the cabin. He bit his lip as he squeezed out a dollop of toothpaste onto his brush and began scrubbing at his teeth. He wasn't sure how much the kids would like him if they knew, though. Some already regarded him a little more warily ever since he had come out to them as bisexual. No one in the camp thought homosexuality was wrong; after all, Apollo certainly got around. But many campers had been brought up with homophobic parents and were still getting used to the idea. Will spit the toothpaste from his mouth and rinsed his brush, taking a swig of water and swishing it around as he tossed his toothbrush back into its designated spot. He sighed and leaned forward on the counter, his muscles bunching as he studied his eyes and face. His gaze landed on the light reflecting on the golden faucet (everything in the Apollo cabin's bathroom was gold; it was kind of obnoxious) and he paused before reaching out and resting his fingers on the light. With a glance at the door, which was still shut and locked, Will pinched his fingers and grabbed at the light. For any other Apollo camper, the light would stay where it was. But for Will, he could easily clasp the strand of lamp light in between his fingers and thumb, pulling it off the faucet and dragging it across the bathroom. He smiled thinly and twisted his wrist, watching the light dance across his vision and reached his other hand up, using his fingers to mold the light into shapes. Someone began pounding on the door and Will jumped about a foot, the light scattering back to where it was supposed to be and his towel falling to the floor. "What in Hades?" the boy shouted, thinking in the back of his mind that perhaps he shouldn't use his boyfriend's dad's name as a curse. "I still have five minutes!" "I know!" shouted his sister Kayla. "But Percy is at the door, and he says he needs your help with something!" Will cursed and stumbled around the bathroom, struggling into a pair of jeans and a Camp Half-Blood t-shirt. He ran a comb through his hair quickly and double checked the room to make sure that everything was as it should be before stumbling out of the room, buttoning his pants. Percy Jackson stood in the doorway, trying to cover up the wide grin on his face as he watched Will struggling. "Uh, thanks for hurrying Will, but we have a minute or two before Blackjack is ready to go. You could have taken the time to put your shirt on right." Will looked down at his shirt, which was indeed on backwards, and scowled in Kayla's general direction as he fixed it. "Geez, Kayla, you made it sound like the guy was dying on our stoop." Kayla grinned and scooped up her towel and clothes. "I know!" she said brightly, skipping into the bathroom. "I figured if you got out, I'd have a couple extra minutes to myself!" Will chucked a shoe at her as everyone else burst into laughter, but Kayla shut the door before it could hit her. One of the younger campers dutifully picked up the sneaker and brought it back to Will. The boy shoved it on his foot, grumbling a thank you, and tied his shoes quickly before grabbing his bow and arrow set, disguised as a backpack, and first aid kit. He followed Percy out the door and only then realized that he had no idea what the problem us. "Percy? Why exactly did you need my help?" Percy glanced up at the sky and spotted Blackjack circling in the air. "Well, I got a call from Tyson saying that one of the hippocampi that works for my father got seriously injured. None of the mer-people can figure out what's wrong with her, and since Apollo's kids can heal really well, I thought maybe you could help." The son of the sea god whistled and Blackjack trotted to a stop in front of the two teenagers. Percy clambered onto the Pegasus's back and Will just looked at him. "Perce….you know I can't like, breathe underwater right?" Percy snorted and motioned behind him. "Duh. I'm not dumb." Seeing Will's look, Percy scowled jokingly. "Oh shut up. I'm not, no matter what Annabeth says. I can make an air bubble around you. You'll be fine." Will sighed in relief and climbed up onto Blackjack behind Percy, resting his hands on the teen's shoulders to stay steady as the flying horse took off into the air. Blackjack pumped his wings and they flew out over the ocean, moving several miles from shore before the majestic animal came to a stop, beating his wings steadily and lowering the duo until they were just over the water. Percy easily tumbled into the cold ocean, popping his head up and beckoning Will down. "Will my bag stay dry?" Will asked, sitting side saddle on Blackjack. He didn't want his medical equipment to get wet, so when Percy nodded, he tossed that down first before sliding off the Pegasus and into the ocean. He yelped as the frigid water slapped him in the face and flailed about for a moment. Percy wrapped a gentle hand around his arm and handed over his bag. "It's sealed in an air bubble," he explained to Will as he took it. "You ready?" Will bit his lip and glanced at the dark water under them. "What about Blackjack?" "He'll go back to camp and we'll get a ride back from a couple of other hippocampi. You good?" the boy asked again, looking Will in the eye. Will took a deep breath and nodded, allowing Percy to pull him under the waves. He panicked for a moment as the water closed over his head. Will had never been the greatest swimmer, so this was mildly terrifying for him. Percy understood this and kept his grip on the son of Apollo firm, holding out his free hand and summoning the bubbles surrounding them, much like he had done for Annabeth nearly four years ago. After a moment, the teen was surrounded by an air bubble that surrounded Percy's wrist so tightly he wasn't quite sure he could get it out. With one sharp tug, he was free and Will's eyes shot open. Seeing the look Percy was giving him, he took a tentative breath and smiled. Percy grinned and squinted an eye shut, holding up a hand and moving the bubble until it was smaller and fit Will's body a little better. "Good?" he asked, his voice somewhat warped by the water. Will nodded and shouldered his bag, getting a better grip on it. He kicked his legs and followed Percy down to where the hippocampus was. Four or five mer-people surrounded the poor animal, but the second they saw Percy they backed up, shaking their heads. "She's still doing badly," one of them said, shaking her flowing auburn hair and sighing. Her eyes were a neon green that kind of hurt to look at, but she seemed to be in charge, so Will directed his questions at her. "Has she eaten anything?" he asked, swimming over to the animal and resting a gentle hand on her snout. The hippocampus whinnied softly and pushed her nose against Will's palm weakly. Percy gave a small smile. "I think she likes you," he said with a chuckle. Will ignored the boy and looked back to the mermaid, who was shaking her head. "We haven't' been able to get her to eat," the mermaid confirmed. "But she hasn't been throwing up either. We're at a loss of what to do, which is why we had Percy find the best person for healing." Will flinched and looked at Percy, who shrugged helplessly. "Well, I'm nowhere near the best," Will protested, knowing that if he screwed up the mer-people would never trust Percy again, "but I can examine her, see what's wrong. Have you asked uh…Lord Poseidon what the trouble is?" Percy frowned slightly. "Will, my dad…after the war with Gaea, all the gods are kinda weak. As much as I hate to say it, one hippocampus…." He shook his head, biting off his words, but Will understood what he was trying to say. It wasn't worth the waste of energy, which was why Percy was desperate for his help. "I can try," he said, running his hands down the animal's flank and shutting his eyes, trying to sense what was wrong. The area fell silent as Will examined the hippocampus, starting at the head and working his way down to her stomach. Slowly, he started smiling, resting his hands on her stomach and rubbing gently. "She'll be fine," he said with a chuckle. "Somebody just got herself pregnant." The mer-people blinked in shock. "Pregnant? We haven't had a hippocampus get pregnant in…in ages," one of the males stuttered. Will frowned and glanced at Percy in confusion. The boy was laughing quietly. "Hippocampi are immortal unless severely wounded, so there isn't much need for them to get pregnant. Must be why they didn't know what was wrong." He snorted and ran a gentle hand down the animal's muzzle. She bucked at his fingers playfully. Will floated upwards and tilted his head. "She's a couple weeks in. I don't know if hippocampi get ill from being pregnant, but that seems to be what this is. Lot