It's late. Or early. Or whatever. And I'm slightly depressed so….depressing Leo return story, with a happy ending. Kinda. Lot of Solangelo. Annabeth and Leo bonding, random wonderful diner customers. Idk. Also Hades and Artemis support. Rated high T for mention of rape. Trigger warning. I don't own Percy Jackson. GENERAL POV Will Solace leaned comfortably against a massive oak tree in the middle of Central Park, examining his finger nails with apparent interest. He wore a bright orange CHB t-shirt, jeans, and a pair of grubby sneakers. His bow and arrows were slung over one shoulder, disguised as a back pack, and his first aid kit was shoved inside. His golden hair glimmered in the sunlight, practically blinding, and he looked completely unassuming. Currently, Will was waiting for Nico to come back from the Underworld. Hence why he was at the entrance in Central Park. The boy frowned and raised his eyes to the entrance, twisting his lips in slight annoyance. He had wanted to go, but Nico had insisted he stay behind, his eyes looking panicked. Will knew that Nico was embarrassed by the fact that he had basically been living in the fields of death for the last three years of his life, but he honestly didn't care. He cared about Nico for who he was now, not what he had been in the past. Solace blushed slightly and glanced down, nudging the dirt with his foot. They had been on their way to a local café for their official first date since coming out to the camp, and of course the second they left campgrounds, Nico had received an urgent summons from his father. Will had insisted that Nico take this route instead of shadow travelling, as he wasn't sure if the teen was up to it yet. Nico had agreed and had been in the Underworld for… The son of Apollo glanced at his watch. 45 minutes. He chewed anxiously on his lower lip and forced himself to sit on the ground instead of charging down the dark, ominous tunnel. Of course, as soon as his butt hit the ground, Nico came clambering out of the entrance, dusty and puffing but otherwise unharmed. He blinked a few times, his eyes adjusting to the bright sunlight, before stumbling over to Will as he stood back up. "You would show up as soon as I sat down," Will laughed, before noticing the serious expression on his boyfriend's face. "Nico? What's wrong?" The son of Hades winced and rubbed a hand through his dark hair anxiously. "Leo," he finally said. Will froze, his face falling in sadness. It had been nearly two weeks since the defeat of Gaea, and the entire camp was still in mourning over the death of the dorky little son of Hephaestus. "Oh. What about him?" Nico stared at the ground, his eyes furrowed in concentration. "Will…what do you know about the physicians cure?" Will tilted his head, considering the question. "Not much. Just that your dad isn't a fan since it brings people back from the dead." Nico snorted sarcastically. "That's an understatement. He's pissed beyond belief. I think if Leo hadn't gone out a hero, he'd get Thanatos to bring him back." Will's breath caught in his throat as he heard the implications of the words. "Wait…bring him back? You mean….Leo got a hold of the physicians cure?" Nico looked up, a half smile on his face. "Oh yeah. His death didn't feel quite right to Hazel and I. I thought maybe it was just 'cause he went out with such a…well…bang, for lack of a less morbid term." Solace flinched and shook his head, leaning back up against the tree. "Soooo why did Hades want you? Other than to yell a lot?" Chuckling, Nico started walking towards a large, open field towards the center of the park. Will followed quickly. "Because. He knew we were going out." Will blinked a few times as he caught up to Nico and laced their fingers together. "He knows?" A bashful smile worked its way onto Nico's face and he looked sideways at Will. "Yeah. He's…he's actually really supportive. Said he'd kill anyone who messed with us and made sure they would get stuck in the Fields of Punishment for eternity." Will grinned and squeezed Nico's hand. "I knew I liked Hades. But seriously, what did he want?" Rolling his eyes, Nico stopped in the middle of the field and whistled almost cheerfully. "Well, after yelling a lot about 'that Valdez boy,' he calmed down and said he admired his guts. And since Leo did get the vaccine in time, he's alive. He died, but came back to life almost immediately afterwards." Will brightened. "Dude! You know how great that'll be for the camp? Where is he?" Nico shrugged, scanning the skies. "Don't know. Last time Hades heard, he had gone to Calypso's island to get the girl. After that, the gods lost track of him." "So what, does he want us to find him?" Will asked in bewilderment, watching the skies as well, though what for he wasn't certain. Nico nodded. "Yeah. The thing is, a child of Hades and Apollo working together can track the physician's cure, since it involves both Hades, death, and Apollo, medicine." "So where do we even start?" Will asked, kind of disappointed at their ruined date. Nico pointed to the sky, where a deep black Pegasus could be seen circling the area. "With Blackjack." "I thought he didn't like you?" Will said, turning and looking at Nico in confusion. Nico blushed and ducked his head. "Well…after I told Percy…you know….he apparently talked to Blackjack about it and Blackjack decided that anyone who could…like his 'boss' that much was okay by him. Annabeth told me that, so not a word to Percy." Will stifled a laugh. While he had been irritated at first that Nico had liked Percy for such a long time, he had realized that the teen had only had a puppy dog crush on him, a result of the son of Poseidon saving his life when he was a kid. The sunny teenager couldn't blame his gloomy boyfriend; after all, he had had a big crush on Percy for a couple months as well, ever since the Battle of Manhattan, when Percy had treated him like a leader even though he wasn't one. He'd gotten over it real fast when Nico had begun visiting camp more often, though. Blackjack landed lightly in the grass and trotted to a stop, snorting quietly and nuzzling his muzzle into Will's shoulder. He tossed his head at his back, indicating the boys get on. The Pegasus had healed nicely since the battle with Gaea, thanks to a lot of overtime work from the Apollo and Hecate cabins combined. He was as good as ever, and Percy had sobbed with relief when he had discovered his horse wouldn't die. Will and Nico clambered onto Blackjack's sleek fur, Nico in front. He leaned forward and rubbed Blackjack's neck. "Okay, bud. We need to find Leo." The Pegasus snorted in surprise and Nico chuckled. "Yeah, apparently he's alive. We don't know where he is though. So, we need your help to fly us around a bit, see if we can get a read on him. There's no guarantee he's in New York, so if he's not, we'll land and figure out our next move then. You good?" Blackjack whinnied and took off into the air so quickly that the boys almost fell off. Grabbing hold of Nico's waist, Will leaned forward. "So how do we track this thing?" he shouted into his ear. Nico shrugged. "No idea!" he called back. "But dad said we'll feel it! We just have to keep physical contact!" Will flushed violently and tightened his grip on Nico's hips. "No problem," he murmured. Nico smirked and hooked his ankles together to keep from sliding off Blackjack, leaning back slightly onto Will and wrapping his hands around Will's. Blackjack gave a small smile and adjusted his body so that the two boys were seated more comfortably before starting out spinning in small, ever widening circles around New York. For almost an hour, no one said a word, though every now and then the boys would glance down before looking at one another and shaking their heads in annoyance. Finally, Nico shot straight up, nearly toppling from the Pegasus, and looked down at the ground. He glanced back at Will, who nodded with his eyes wide. "Blackjack!" Nico called. The horse snorted and the son of Hades pointed downwards. "There, boy! That's what, the border of New York and Massachusetts?" Will nodded. "Probably! But I'm getting something really strong." Nico nodded in agreement and Blackjack descended rapidly, landing behind a truck stop with barely a sound, standing off at the edge of the woods. Will patted the horse soothingly, shutting his eyes and pressing energy into his flanks. Blackjack neighed in delight and lowered his nose to the grass. "We'll be back," Nico told the animal softly, before taking Will's hand and pulling him forward. He chewed on his lip anxiously as they approached the diner that connected to the truck stop, and Will tilted his head. "You okay, Nico?" Nico pursed his lips and frowned. "Leo and I didn't…exactly get along. We weren't enemies, but we certainly weren't friends." "You?" Will gasped in mock surprise as they circled around to the entrance. "Not friends with someone?" Nico pushed him playfully, a smile on his lips. "Shut up, Solace." Will laughed and pressed open the door, a soft chime sounding over their head. "Don't worry. He came to my office so many times from accidentally blowing shit up that we got to know each other." The teens glanced up, noting that the diner was silent, and they found that the four or five truckers in the room were looking at them. Or rather, their intertwined hands. Both boys gulped and tightened their hold on one another, having already heard several nasty comments that day alone about their relationship. The female server smiled gently and winked as she refilled a man's coffee cup. "Would you boys like anything?" Will reached into his pocket and pulled out a five dollar bill. "Um…we just…can we get like, a muffin or something?" Nico stared at him in confusion, wondering what on earth the boy had been planning for their surprise date if he only had five dollars on him. The woman laughed sweetly. "Of course hon. That'll get you two muffins, actually. Blueberry or chocolate chip?" One of the truckers waved off Will's money. "Keep the money, kid." Nico almost flew into a rage, having heard the line before, albeit in a nastier tone, until the trucker pulled out his wallet and set down a twenty. "Joyce, grab these boys each a cup of soup, and a sandwich to split." The burly man glanced down at them and winked. "I remember my first date." The teens flushed violently and Will, ever polite, shook his head. "It's okay. Really. It's…we just want a snack. We're not having a meal for our first date." Nico shot him a bewildered look and the trucker snorted. "I see. Well in that case, you buy the muffins and you can each have a glass of whatever you want to drink on me." Will agreed, if only to placate the man, and Nico, remembering why they had walked in the restaurant in the first place, glanced around. His radar went off like crazy as his eyes scanned a booth in the far corner and, grabbing his muffin and a steaming mug of coffee, pulled Will over to it carefully, noting that no one was staring anymore. He felt a rush of gratitude towards the diners before the two came to a halt in front of the booth. Leo looked…well, Leo looked awful. His forehead was on the table, a nearly empty