Whoop, more PJO. This first part kinda jumps around in tenses, only because in describing Hestia, I used present tense (since that's what you do man). Trigger warning for mentions of child abuse. I don't own Percy Jackon. GENERAL POV Out of all the cabins at Camp Half-Blood, only three had no demigod children that slept in them on a regular basis: Hera, Artemis, and Hestia, all maiden goddesses. No one ever set foot in Hera's cabin, except for Rachel Elizabeth Dare when she needed to think in a cold, death like room. The inside of the Hera cabin was even more desolate than the Hades cabin, which seemed somewhat backwards to all of the campers. The Artemis cabin was reserved for the Hunters of Artemis, of course, and ever since the war with Gaea they had taken to stopping by more often. They had suffered a lot of causalities in protecting Reyna, Nico, and the Amazons, and they swung by the camp at least once a month to see if there were any girls who wanted to join up. The inside of the Artemis cabin had stars on the ceiling, constellations almost as vivid as actual ones, and the typical bunk beds and restroom areas. It was calming, and the Hunters had taken a liking to it. The Hestia cabin, though. It was the smallest of all the cabins, the least impressive. It was a simple wooden house, small and unassuming, more like a shed than a cabin. It was set off to the side, nearly at the camps border, and many campers had protested that it should be closer to the rest of the camp. When Percy had gotten criticized for putting it so far away, he had shrugged his shoulders and given them the words, "It was what Lady Hestia requested." It might have been small and unassuming from the outside, but it was the most visited cabin for every camper, save for the cabins they actually lived in. Hestia is the goddess of the hearth and the home. She is the kindest, gentlest god, the eldest Olympian. Many overlook her, shove her aside because of her quiet nature, and see her as just another goddess. She is much more. Hestia's cabin was a safe space for every demi-god. Every camper was welcome inside the cabin, whether for only a few minutes or to spend a night. There were two singular beds in the room, on opposite sides from each other, and a fireplace was always lit in the middle of the room. The table in the center filled up with whatever food or drink the person wanted, and campers were welcome to sit on the hearth and pray to the goddess. The mantle above the fireplace was inscribed with the words The Last Olympian upon creation of the cabin, and though many campers had no clue what the words signified, Percy grinned every time he read them. Sitting on the mantle was a single ceramic jar which, while not the actual jar that he had been given, still made Percy shudder every time he looked at it. Inside the cabin, campers couldn't shout or scream; it was physically impossible, though none of them would ever think to yell in that cabin anyway. Campers went to the cabin when they were homesick, scared, bullied, or just need a caring goddess to pray to. More often than not, if she wasn't busy and the camper was in serious distress, Lady Hestia would appear at the foot of the hearth and offer comforting arms to cry into and a shoulder to lean on. At first, most campers were wary about hugging a goddess. But once Percy had done it, none of the demi-gods hesitated. Hestia often took the form of a teenager, so hugging her was like hugging a close friend. She never scolded the kids and teens, never yelled at them, never made them feel as if they were wrong. She was the most welcoming and caring of all the gods, to the extent where campers would go to her cabin just to give Hestia herself an offering. Percy visited the hearth at least once a week, even if he had nothing bad going on. He would sit at the fire for hours or until another camper came in, whichever came first. When it came to the latter, often the camper would talk to Percy as well. Hestia nearly always appeared for Percy, flattered that he had even thought to give her a cabin. The question still remained for most campers though; why was the cabin so far from the others, so close to the camp boundaries? Hestia is the goddess of the home and the hearth. She does not discriminate. If she senses a mortal in distress near camp lines, she makes her cabin alone visible and pushes back the camp boundaries just enough to let them into her cabin. The mortal was always allowed to stay the night, always given food and water, and when a camper (usually Percy) found the mortal, who was often a teenager or young adult being harassed, bullied, or abused, they were walked either to the nearest shelter or friends house by a group of three (armed) demigods. They had yet to have a mortal able to see through the Mist end up in the cabin, or even an unclaimed demigod, so the campers tended to say that they lived in the Big House, which appeared, from afar, to resemble an old farm house. Not one mortal ever questioned it. It happened more often than any of the campers had ever expected, and the fact that Hestia was so caring of the mortals when even their own parents tended to forget them made the demi-god's love her that much more. All the campers loved their own godly parent, but Hestia was truly the favorite. Morgan stumbled through the woods, her ankle throbbing from when she had tripped a few minutes ago and tears threatening at her eyes as she pushed aside branches. "Morgan!" her father shouted, his voice faint as she pushed farther away. "Morgan, get your ass back here! I'm not done with you!" The girl shuddered and pushed her glasses up her nose, trying desperately not to make too much noise and alert her father to where she was. She glanced up as the trees began thinning and cursed under her breath as she saw empty road up ahead. Of course, of course she would run out of forest. Her father, when drunk, could barely navigate the stairs, let alone the dark woods at four in the morning. But if he got out of the woods, it would be a straight shot to wherever she stood on the dirt road. Morgan hesitated just inside the tree line, her sharp green eyes scanning the area for any signs of people. Up ahead, very faint, she could see what looked like a small cabin with a candle flickering in the window and farther away was a farmhouse. The girl glanced back and shivered, rubbing her bare arms and stepping from the confines of the trees and bushes, cuts littering her skin and covering her with streaks of blood. He had started in on her while she was asleep, as was usual. The problem was not that he was abusing her (though that was a problem), but that in the summer time she slept in nothing but a sports bra and shorts and hadn't had time to put on anything else before fleeing from her house. She was amazed that she had managed to grab her glasses. Morgan swallowed and stepped lightly up the hill towards the small cabin, doubting there would be anyone in it. Her deep mahogany skin glinted under the moonlight and she brushed back her curly brown sugar hair, streaked with a dark blonde color that had pissed her father off when he first saw it. Her breathing slowed and the girl perked her ears up, listening carefully for any signs that her father had seen her and was speeding up. She could still hear his drunk warbling from inside the forest, so she kept trudging forward on bare, bleeding feet. She lost control when she stumbled over a rock, scraping her already bruised feet on the sharp point, and she stifled a yell with her hand, biting down hard on her fist and struggling not to cry. God, she missed her mother. Missed her with all her heart. She had died in action not one month ago, and ever since her father had taken to drinking, and as of more recently, beating Morgan and blaming her for her mother's death. The teenager, barely sixteen, dropped to her knees and gritted her teeth, checking her feet carefully and grimacing at the dirt, pebbles, twigs, and other things clinging to her bloody soles. "Shit," she mumbled, rubbing away the tears under her light brown lenses. Bracing herself, Morgan continued crawling towards the cabin, whipping around and paling as her father finally stumbled out of the woods, laughing hysterically as his eyes landed on her. "Morgan! Come on sweeeeetieeee I won't hurt you!" Morgan clenched her eyes shut and crawled faster, tracking his movement with her ears. When her fingers hit solid wood, she could barely believe it. But when she opened her eyes and saw the door in front of her she didn't even knock, just pushed herself into the cabin and slammed the door behind her. The air seemed to ripple around her and for a second Morgan found that she couldn't breathe, but it passed so quickly that she wasn't sure she had felt anything at all. She stumbled to one of the windows and watched her father try to approach, bracing herself for what would happen if he got in. However, only ten feet from the cabin door he stopped, as if he had hit a wall. Frowning, the man lifted his hands and began pounding at the air, shouting in anger. Morgan shuddered and rubbed her bleeding arms again, glancing around the tiny room. There were two beds in it, both made up with quilts depicting campfires and trees on them. A table in the center held a loaf of bread and a bottle of water, and a fire crackled against the far wall. A door opened up into a bathroom on the side and Morgan swallowed, going in there first. "I'll just clean up and wait 'til he leaves and then I'll get out of here," she promised herself, turning on the tap and grabbing some soap, bracing herself for the stinging she knew was coming. Tuning out her father's screams of anger, Morgan scrubbed at her cuts with a washcloth that was on a hook and then sat down on the closed toilet, lifting up one of her feet to clean it. She grimaced as she looked down at the floor, realizing that she had left bleeding footprints on the floor boards. Vowing to clean it up as soon as she got her feet bandaged (there had to be a first aid kit somewhere), she began poking at her badly cut feet, tears streaming down her cheeks at the first touch. Only seconds later, the door of the cabin banged open and Morgan slapped a hand over her mouth, falling off the toilet and hitting the ground with a hard jolt, nearly smacking her head off of the bath tub. A guy about her age stepped into the bathroom with-was that a sword in his hand? The second he saw Morgan he immediately lowered the sword and it vanished, replaced by a pen instead, which he slipped into his pants pocket as if he did it every day. He was tall, probably almost six foot, with wavy black hair and eyes nearly as green as Morgan's. He wore pajama bottoms and a t-shirt and it looked like he had shoved his feet into