So I got bored and was browsing Tumblr and a person that I follow, blackjacktheboss, always has random Percy Jackson prompts that are so adorable and I really wanted to write one so here we go. I kind of combined a bunch of prompts so yeah. I don't own Percy Jackson. Duh. This takes place on Christmas eve. GENERAL POV Percy strolled the beach quietly, a smile on his face as the chilly wind brushed through his hair, stopped by the blue knit beanie that Annabeth had plopped on his head that morning as a Christmas eve present. "You never wear hats," she had admonished him. "You're going to get sick." Percy had kept quiet, holding back a laugh at the thought of him getting sick. With everything that he had been through, he had a very diffficult time imagining that he could come down with something like a common cold. He shook his head and glanced out at the waves, breathing in the salty sea air. He was taking a moment to relax by himself before the Camp Jupiter kids, who Chiron had invited over for Christmas eve dinner, arrrived and the camp got too loud. The son of the sea god was very much looking forward to seeing everyone again, specifically Frank and Hazel, but he was more excited for Blackjack to take him home that night. This would be the first real Christmas he got to spend wih Paul and his mother, considering the last one he had spent unconcious and with no memories. The breeze picked up and Percy stilled, glancing around and his fingers moving towards his pocket where Riptide was. The wind rarely got this strong at Camp Half-Blood, so when it picked up as it was doing now, Percy knew that he should expect to be attacked by a monster or visited by a god. Which was worse varied from day to day. A blinding light glimmered out of the corner of his eye and Percy shielded his face as the glow brightened. "Percy Jackson," said a soft male voice. The dark haired boy turned and nodded, a smile on his face as he studied Hermes, Greek god of travels. "Hermes. What brings you here?" The god chuckled, pulling a pen out from behind his ear and a clipboard from the bag he had slung around his body. Martha and George, no bigger than worms, curled around the pen as Hermes handed the objects to Percy. "Your mother. She has quite a few packages for you. I need you to sign for them," the god explained. Percy blinked in confusion before shrugging and signing his name with a flourish at the bottom of the shipping paper. Martha and George hissed politely at him and Percy handed them back with a smile. "So, what did she send me? And why couldn't it be delivered to the big house?" Hermes chuckled and put the pen and paper away, much to the snakes chargrin. "Well, your mother and Paul summoned me personally rather than just asking a favor and giving me an offering, so I figured that I could return the favor and visit you, tell you that say hello and can't way for you to come home." Percy raised an eyebrow. "And...the package?" "Packages," Hermes corrected, reading from his phone and tapping several things with a stylus. "There's more than one?" Percy said curiously, glancing around the beach in confusion. The god chuckled and nodded, snapping his fingers. Out of nowhere, seven or eight boxes appeared on the beach, each one taped shut and with Percy's name written on the side in Sally's handwritting. Percy groaned. "And you couldn't deliver all of these to the Big House because...?" Hermes laughed and put away his phone, a twinkle in his eyes. You'll be getting help shortly, don't worry. Just make sure not to let anyone get a good whiff of them before the Christmas party." Percy's mouth widened into a smile as he realized what was inside the boxes, and he tilted his head in an informal bow to Hermes. "Thank you, sir." Hermes waved a hand dismissively at him. "No problem, Perseus. Have a Merry Christmas." Percy turned away as the god disappeared in a blinding golden flash, and then looked up as shouts atttacked him from the ocean. His smile widened further as a ship pulled up to their docks and Hazel and Frank leapt out, tackling Percy in a massive hug. "Hey!" Percy yelped with a laugh. "Where did your camp get a boat?" Reyna strolled up to him, a smug smile on her face as she shoook his hand. "Hazel convinced me that showing gratitude to Neptune...Poseidon, whichever, was the least we could do after you helped save our camp...multiple times." "He seems to do that a lot, doesn't he?" Annabeth questioned, popping out of nowhere with a giggle. After the hugging had died down, the Romans gathered looked to Annabeth and Percy, eyebrows raised at what they should do. Annabeth turned and glanced at the boxes that Hermes had left, a confused look spreading across her features. "What are those?" she asked, gesturing to the cardboard. Percy grinned. "My mom sent us a few things. Can we get some help bringing these back to camp?" he called out to the Roman camp. Murmurs of agreement rang out and Frank strolled over to a box. He pulled the flap open and blinked in surprise. "There are cookies in here," he said in shock. "Why is that weird?" Reyna questioned him, her face a mask of bewilderment. Percy laughed as Frank pulled out one of the pastries, holding it up for everyone else to see. "Because...they're all blue!" The massive group strolled up to the Big House chattting and laughing, Annabeth, Percy, Frank, Hazel, and Reyna in the lead. Chiron stepped outside of the house as they approached and smiled at the sight of the boxes the group was holding. The centaur glanced at Percy and grinned. "Your mother?" he questioned with a chuckle. Percy snorted and nodded. "Yup. Where do you want us to put everything?" Chiron tilted his head towaard the side of the house. "On the side porch is fine for now. We'll have some of the harpies plate them for later." The campers carrrying the assorted baked goods scurried off to the side of the house as Chiron turned to the rest of the group and clapped his hands together enthusiastically. "You're just in time," he announced, trotting down the steps, his tail swishing behind him. "Eve is waiting for all of us in the courtyard." As the group followed the camp leader, Hazel tugged lightly on Percy's arm. He glanced at her with a smile and the girl tilted her head. "Whose Eve?" she asked, tucking her hands in her pockets. Before Percy could answer, Annabeth jumped in. "She's a daughter of Demeter. Her dad owns a Christmas tree farm, which is what caught the goddesses eye. She grew up with Christmas trees, so they're kind of her specialty." "Anyway," Percy interrupted, elbowing his girlfriend with a grin, "every year she grows us a new Christmas tree, and then the Apollo kids and, if they're here, the hunters of Artemis, use sunlight and moonlight to light the tree. We always have at least one hunter show up so that we have an equal balance." "Do you guys put a star on top?" Frank asked curiously. Annabeth nodded. "Kind of. Each year a different cabin makes a tree topper. I think this year it was the Iris cabin." "That will look so cool!" Hazel squealed in delight. "Oh, and just a warning," Percy said as the approached the courtyard between the cabins. "Leo has been running around a lot with mistletoe on a stick. So keep your eyes peeled. He's gotten Annabeth and I six times." Annabeth whacked his arm lightly, a grin on her cheeks as the massive group joined the already large crowd of people in the square."Not like you're complaining," she laughed. Percy smirked, hooked his arm around her waist, and pulled her in for a side hug while Hazel and Reyna laughed. Frank just looked embarrased, and the group quieted down as Chiron held up his hands. "Camp Half-Blood is pleased to welcome the Camp Jupiter campers to our celebration. Anyone who is not going home tonight is welcome to stay in the cabin of their choosing. We have plenty of room." The campers cheered loudly and Percy grinned at Frank, who had already decided that he was going back to Manhattan with Percy since he had no other family to celebrate with. Chiron cleared his throat and the camers fell silent once more. "Eve?" he said softly, directing his gaze to where the campers from the Demeter cabin were huddled. A tall, dark skinned girl with startling black eyes and soft, dark brown curls with a pale pink color streaked through them stepped forward. In her hands she held a cup of water and a singular pinecone. Her purple converse made no noise as she strolled steadily to the center of the yard and knelt, ignoring the dirt that was now coating the knees of her jeans. She wore a vibrant violet shirt and her Camp Half-Blood necklace seemed to glisten in the sunlight as she leaned forward and began parting the dirt with her fingers. The crowd of children and teenagers was dead silent, watching Eve gently tuck the pinecone into the earth, murmuring a soft prayer to her mother as she did so. She patted the soil down softly and held her hands just above the earth for a moment, her eyes shut and a small smile quivering on her lips. She opened her eyes and brushed a curl out of her face as she picked up the cup of water. Rather than dumping the whole thing over the mound of soil that was now in front of her, Eve reached into her pocket, pulled out a drachma, and tossed it into the cup. "What is she doing?" Reyna asked softly. Annabeth held up a hand, gestuuring for the praetor to be silent, and nodded towards Eve. Reyna obediently returned her eyes to the teenager in question. Eve swirled the water around with her finger, soft prayers still falling from her lips as she did so. After about a minute, she scooped some of the water from the cup and drizzled it over the mound of dirt. The water was now a glittering gold color, and the ground began glowing wherever the water touched it. The daughter of Demeter continued doing this until the cup was empty and the ground in front of her was golden, and then she stood up, handed the glass to one of her siblings, and held her hands out palm side down, shutting her eyes and chanting softly in Ancient Greek. The Roman group gasped in surprise and the Greeks in delight as the beginnings of a tree sprouted, small and leafy. Within minutes it was as tall as Eve, and then taller. She kept her eyes shut, her fingers shaking lightly, and continued chanting. Her siblings, knowing this part was crucial and that one mistake could not only screw up the tree but also harm Eve, shushed everyone and Katie Gardner stepped forward, placing both of her hands on Eves shoulders and taking up the chant with her. One by one, each of the Demeter kids added to the chain, the chant growing louder as more and more added their voices. The Roman's could only stare in awe as the tree grew brighter and fuller than they had ever seen a tree look before. After almost ten minutes, Eve's hands dropped to her side and the tree gave one last little spurt of growth before settling down and taking on a natural color. Eve pulled her eyes open, stared at the tree for a moment, and