Writing a one shot, doo doo doo doo. This mainly is centered on five quick stories of more minor characters in the Percy Jackson series, or ones we don't see enough of. Brief crossover with the Kane Chronicles in the middle, but not enough for me to put it in the crossover section. This story contains some sensitive topics, like LGBTQIA slurs, harassment and bullying. Read at your own discretion. I don't own Percy Jackson or anything else by Rick Riordan. This idea came to me while I was reading the Dionysus section in Percy Jackson's Greek Gods book. Dionysus, God of Wine, Insanity, and Sass Mr. D sighed and leaned up against the bar, swirling his Coke around in a glass and surveying the club through heavily lidded eyes, half amused and half disgusted by the thing that people now called dancing. "Since when did rubbing your butt on someone count as dancing?" the god of wine muttered, taking a heavy gulp of Coke and wishing it was something classier. Maybe Sprite. He shook his head and turned back to the paperwork in front of him, sighing wearily. Some kid at camp had gotten dragged by a rope tied around his ankle across the lake by a Pegasus, and that required a load of paperwork to settle the annoyance that some of the water nymphs had over their lake being disturbed. His pen scratched gently against the pages, his cheek plopped down onto his hand in boredom. The ink came out a deep purple color, making Mr. D wish he could have something better than Coke. He wasn't sure why his gaze wandered; probably because paperwork was the last thing he wanted to be doing on a Saturday night, but he found his eyes roaming the room and landing on a young male in the corner. Dionysus wasn't just the god of wine and insanity; he also protected any human that identified as LGBTQIA, and was able to spot them at a distance. They gave off a certain aura that helped him figure out what they identified as. It had saved him from a lot of awkward conversations, and had even helped him help them in the past. This young man, probably in his very early twenties, maybe even his teens, was transgender, Mr. D could tell that easily enough. He seemed fairly at ease, so with a heaved sigh, Dionysus returned to the papers in front of him, took a swig of Coke, gagged a little, and continued writing. The bartender swung around, gave him a fresh can of Coke (ugh), and picked up the nearly empty can, moving on his way as the bar began to fill up with late Saturday night regulars. It wasn't too long before Dionysus felt something off about the room. Slowly raising his eyes as inconspicuously as possible, his gaze shifted back to where the man was sitting in the corner, this time with several people surrounding him, both men and women. Mr. D couldn't hear what they were saying over the rising noises of the crowd, but he could sense the unease in the man rising as he sank down in his booth, playing with the straw in his drink and keeping his gaze on the table. That was all before one of the larger patrons dumped a bottle of alcohol onto the poor guy's head. Mr. D fumed and narrowed his eyes, holding out his hand in a "stop" motion and sliding off his stool. Everyone in the room except for the group surrounding the boy and the boy himself came to a freezing halt, frozen in dancing positions that were just wrong. Dionysus strolled calmly over to the table while the group suddenly realized that the room had gone silent and they turned around to see this overweight, not very good looking man with curly black hair and no fashion sense walking over as if he owned the place. "Yo, bro, what the hell is going on?" asked the one who had dumped his drink on the kid at the table. Mr. D came to a halt in front of them, his eyes glimmering in fury. "Were you harassing this young man?" he asked, his voice filled with anger. One of the girls in the group snorted. "This freak?" she asked, waving a hand at him and snorting. "What a joke, man. She's totally unnatural; I mean, what would God say?" Dionysus found some humor in that statement, seeing as he was a god. "I don't know, young lady. What would he say, about you dumping a drink over his head and calling him names when you don't even know him?" The man at the table looked up hesitantly and gave Dionysus a small smile. The god nodded to him and turned back to the group, who was staring at him in bewilderment. The tallest shook his head, his wary gaze filtering over the still frozen bar members. "Whatever man. Wanna protect this fag, go ahead. I'm outta here." That was the last straw for the wine god. He snapped his fingers and vines curled up from the floorboards, trapping the group where they stood. Every single one of them looked down and stared at the vines for a moment before raising their eyes up to stare at Mr. D in horror. He leaned over slowly and locked eyes with one of the girls. "Snap," he whispered. The girl immediately screamed and slapped the girl on her left. "Trudy, what the fuck?!" she shouted, ducking as the girl began slapping everyone in range. Dionysus smiled wickedly and tilted his head. "You wanted to know how god would react?" he asked, flashing bright purple for a moment and growing about four feet taller. "How about a god? Or more specifically, the god of gender identities, wine, and insanity?" The group cried out fruitless apologies and Mr. D smirked, shrinking back to human size and snapping his fingers again. The vines disappeared and Trudy fell to the floor in confusion, only to be left behind as her friends ran out between the once again dancing people, yelling about evil vines and purple men. She took one look at Dionysus, whimpered, and shuffled out quickly. Mr. D huffed and straightened his shirt before turning to the young man, who was staring at him in slight fear. Dionysus smiled thinly and sat in the booth across from him, waving his hand and cleaning the spilled wine off of him. "Sorry about that, son. People can be cruel. Humans will be humans. Would you like some company?" The boy tilted his head slowly, his eyes filling with something equivalent to wonder and his mouth breaking into a wide smile. "Uh…thanks, sir. But my girlfriend is coming to meet me in a minute. She was held up at work." Mr. D nodded, a sparkle in his eyes, and he rose from the table. "Wait," the boy said quickly, furrowing his eyebrows and gazing up at him from under long lashes. "Are you actually like…like, the only god of wine I know of specifically is Dionysus, from the old Greek myths we learned about back in high school. But…" When Mr. D did nothing to answer except smirk, the boy bit his lip and sank back into his seat, a grin on his face. "Thank you, sir," he said sincerely. Dionysus tipped an imaginary hat. "Any time, son." He walked back over to the bar, looked down at the paperwork and Coke, and slammed his forehead onto the counter. Rachel, the Demi-God Finding Oracle of Delphi or Whatever her Official Title Is Rachel Elizabeth Dare didn't like school. Okay, that might have been a lie. She loved art class and English (especially since Percy's step dad was her teacher), loved hanging out with friends at lunch, and was enjoying gym class so far because they'd been doing fencing and ever since Percy had given her sword fighting lessons last summer she had been wicked with a blade. What she hated about school was the constant bullying and harassment and stress placed on every single student that walked the halls, some more than most. Like the freshmen that was currently getting bullied by a bunch of juniors because of her "hippie clothing." Rachel had rounded the corner just in time to see the dark haired girl get shoved into a locker and have her flowery dress torn at the sleeve by one of the guys, who were all snickering like her getting beat up was hilarious. Having faced tougher monsters than them (literally), Rachel had no trouble stamping her foot, smacking her wild red hair from her eyes, and shouting "Hey!" They all turned around and snorted at the sight of her, despite the fact that she was also a junior. She loved art and drew all the time and occasionally had weird blackouts so to them, she was a freak. "What do you want, RED?" one of them asked. The others cackled, as if her initials being the same as the color as her hair were the funniest thing on the planet. Rachel merely rolled her eyes, having heard it all before. The freshmen started to slide away while their attention was distracted, but one of the guys grabbed her by the wrist. "Nu uh, honey," he said with mock sweetness, making Rachel gag. "You don't get to go yet. Tell me, how much pot does your hippie mom smoke?" "And where can I get some?" the shortest of the group asked, sending the boys into a fit of laughter. The girl struggled against his grip, practically crying, and she looked at Rachel pleadingly. "She doesn't have any!" the girl yelped desperately as Rachel tried to think of something she could do that wouldn't involve stabbing the guys with the pocketknife she had in her jeans. "My mom isn't even alive!" The guys seemed to find this funnier, but the comment just made Rachel more pissed off. She strode up to them, yanked one around, and slapped him as hard as she dared. There was dead silence for a moment before he swung, aiming for Rachel's face. She ducked in time to only get a graze on her ear, but it still hurt like Apollo's singing competitions. She grimaced and glared up at him. The freshmen, meanwhile, kept struggling. "No! Don't touch her!" she pleaded. Rachel looked up to tell the girl that she was fine, only to have her jaw drop in horror as her gaze landed on the hallway window behind them, wide open. Dozens of bees hovered just outside and Rachel blinked, swallowing hard as the guys continued taunting her. The more taunts they threw Rachel's way, the louder the bees got and the more of them gathered. The Oracle of Camp Half-Blood looked between the freshmen and the bees. Hippie name and outfit. Animals gathering based on her emotional state. Darker hair. Young, probably barely twelve or thirteen. "Shit, Demeter. You're really bad at claiming," Rachel muttered, her heart hammering in her chest. "Guys, quit taunting her," she said seriously, looking back up at the juniors. "It's a bad idea." "What are you going to do about it?" one of the boys sneered, reaching out and shoving her to the ground. The bees were inside in a split second, swirling around the boys and stinging like crazy, but avoiding Rachel as if she had a bubble surrounding her body. The boys ran screaming down the hallway with the bees chasing them and Rachel crawled over to the girl, helping her to her feet. "You okay?" Rachel asked softly, looking her up and down and frowning at the sight of her ripped dress sleeve. The girl nodded and glanced down the hallway. "What…what just happened? And who are you?" Rachel stuck out her hand, biting her lip. "Rachel Elizabeth Dare," she said formally, a small smile on her face. "And you are?" The