Common. we can trust, there's something in common between us. lost in translation- district 10!clove + career cato includes rebel!clove ... The sun is rising. She swings a leg over her horse and is off towards the pastures. She doesn't bother waking her brother up. It's his last year and she's cutting him some slack. She decides to go to work, even though they're off today, and cuts up the meat with much motivation. Blood covers her hands, her apron. Blades surround her as she chops through bones. It's a friendly environment for her. Her director tells her to get on back home, to go be with her family. She doesn't bother telling him that that makes it all worse. She'd rather be here cutting up meat, or rounding up cattle. At least this way she can pretend to forget. ... Regardless, she leaves. She goes to pick up a bottle of whiskey, mostly for her dad. He'll need it today, whether or not she is chosen. Whether or not Clem is. Clem will not get reaped , she tells herself, before picking up the brown bag of liquor, and drowning down a shot of her own. She's almost out the door, when a man corners her and smiles widely at her. He's missing teeth. She strokes the edge of her knife behind her back, smelling the alcohol in his breath. Figures there'd be lots of drunk men on this day. The bartender sees her struggle, and shoves the man away from her. "You might want to head home, Clove. Get ready for the reaping and all." She nods, and slips the knife back into her pocket before racing home bareback. ... She comes home covered in blood, and her father looks at her with disapproval. But he never says anything. She hands him the bottle, and his looks turn empty. ... Clem's not up by the time she's finished with her shower. In her head, she hopes he's sick so that he can't attend the reaping. She jumps onto his bed, pounding on his chest. He laughs and pushes her away, falling back into the bed. So much for that , she thinks. They laugh and laugh, not speaking a word. A moment of happiness on an otherwise dreadful day. He checks the time and his laugh turns solemn before stopping altogether. She wishes nothing more but to make him laugh again. ... She wears an old dress of her mother's. "Red suits you," Clem says. She gives him the remains of a smile that she can muster. Her father can't look at her. She wishes she didn't look like her mother before she bounds out the door. ... Her name is called. She does not scream. She does not whimper. She does not cry. Crying is for the weak, Clove. And you are not weak. She closes her eyes in acceptance. ... Her knife dares to fall out from it's straps behind her thigh as she climbs up the stairs with a facade of confidence. She can see Clem from the crowd, and refuses to make eye contact with him. As her escort sticks her perfectly manicured hand into the bowl, she begs for anyone but Clem. Her wish is granted. Her breath is sucked into her mouth at a million miles per hour when she realizes the crippled boy from her district has been chosen. He gives her a small smile and a quick squeeze of the hand when she slips his hand in hers for the handshake. She catches his eyes, dark brown, and quickly takes her hand away. She can't kill him. ... She runs into Clem's arms, and places her head on his chest. The tears threaten to fall, on both sides of the embrace. "Fuck." she whispers. He nods. "Precisely. Fuck." They hold each other, but not a tear falls. They know her mantra, and they live by it. "Use your knife." he tells her. "Give them hell." "I will." she promises, a mantra to be placed with the other. "I won't leave you for long." She looks up at her father, drinking helplessly out of his flask. His empty glances, not a word of goodbye. She could never leave him with that. And as much as she hates to admit it, she could never leave that either. ... After they leave, she is emotionless; her eyes glazing over in a lifeless daze. And when she boards the train, she makes sure she leaves behind her heart. ... Her mentors stare at her district partner's foot, and at her small demeanor, before looking away and ceasing all hope. She hates it. She throws her knife at the wall in between their heads, a silent way of telling them: reconsider me. They look back at her shaking body with wide eyes, and nod approvingly. ... They watch the reapings. She observes everything, a perk of being that silent but well-known girl in the district. She's cautious. The pair from One have something up their sleeves. The girl may seem pretty and dumb, but she knows that's not the case. She can handle the girl from Two, she tells herself. A girl who volunteered too early; she watches her stumble in her heels up the stairs. Her hope drops when the boy from Two volunteers. She watches him cautiously; large, strong, arrogant. She knows she can't bring him down. The pair from four is trying too hard to be intimidating. The girl from Five looks as cautious and clever as she is. The other districts are uneventful; including hers. There's nothing special about her, except that her face exudes intimidation. Something rarely seen from her district. She hopes this will be working in her favor. She watches her partner climb up the stairs with trouble, and turns away from the screen. Another reminder that she cannot kill him. The boy from eleven is someone she needs to stay far, far away from. So is the girl; she can't kill her either. And the girl from twelve is one to keep an eye out for. She is going to be the star of this show because of her volunteering stunt. She can't help but think that is exactly what she would do if Clem was reaped. If he was his sister instead, or if she was his brother. That girl is lucky. Lucky to be able to save her sibling. She'd never get the chance. She hates her for this. ... She sinks into her bed, her arms curling over her legs, and stares wordlessly as her hope falls along with her body in that comfortable bed. ... Her mentors inform her that her best bet is the join the careers. Show off, be intimidating. She doesn't bother telling them it's unheard of for a district ten tribute to become a career, because they all saw her throw that knife. ... When she sees her chariot outfit, she almost lunges forward and tackles her stylist. She is some messed up version of a cowgirl. The capitol is very off in their interpretation, and she is very, very insulted. Any girl that wears her hair in braided pigtails, rather than the conventional ponytail (to keep blood out, of course) is under the age of eight. "Oh, but you look so cute." Her stylist coos. She growls back. ... She flings off her hat and storms off once she gets off her chariot. Of course District Twelve would make a show when she is reaped. Her stylists call after her, but she doesn't bother looking back. No one bothered looking back at her when she was in the chariot. ... He sees her, though. She doesn't notice. Cato watches as the girl throws a fit, and walks off angrily. He sees the glint of a blade strapped behind her thigh. District Ten is different this year. ... Training starts the next day, and they don't have to talk to know the game plan. Throw knives, be cocky. Maybe you'll be a career. Her stomach churns her food, and she wishes she was back home. ... Her district partner is wary of her, and she can't meet his eyes. They never talk about alliances, about training, about anything. Just polite nods. She's fine with this. ... Her knives hit target after target, whizzing by tributes and catching attention. District Twelve watches her, and she smirks. She isn't the only outlying district tribute with talent. She tries to get as much attention as possible, and she succeeds. After all, she never misses. ... "Hey, District Ten." The boy from two waves her over. "Come over here." The careers are sitting all at one table, trying to exude fear. She knows she can take them all down. All but this one. She complies with his orders. "How the fuck did you learn how to throw like that?" he asks, a confident smile on his face. She smirks back, trying to account for her lack of arrogance. "Depends on whatever angle I'm supposed to be playing." He raises his eyebrows in amusement at the small girl in front of him. "Would joining the career pack be good for that angle?" She hears the others protest around her, obviously not agreeing with his decision. But she knows he's the ringleader, and he wants her. "It just might." she answers, sitting down at their table. Career Clove takes over. ... They accept it, almost willingly, and she's surprised at how fast her transaction from weak girl to career happened so quickly. They discuss the addition of Thresh, and she takes one look at him before telling them not to waste their breath. "He's not going to want to join us. He's one of those noble bastards." Cato, she learns his name, is reluctant to listen, but she holds his gaze and he changes the subject. ... She gets to know them, one by one. Eating lunch, sparring, and intimidating together seems to give you some bonding time. Glimmer is definitely smarter than she lets on, but is weak. Marvel is one of those kids that thinks he can, and thinks he can, but never actually can. Lyra, the District Two girl, is the exact same. And the pair from Four are worthless; they are hardly decent at battling. Cato, however, is a challenge. But he seems to like her, and she'll use that to her advantage. He smiles at her over his lunch, and she smirks back. Yes, she'll definitely use that to her advantage. ... "Nice ring." Clove says to Glimmer. She smiles and thanks her. "When are you going to use it in the games?" she adds. Glimmer gives her a venomous look that must equate the poison in the ring. Cato laughs at stares at the curious addition to the career pack. She laughs nervously with him. She's already making enemies. ... He pulls her away, the day before they are to show off their moves. "What the fuck are you doing?" she hisses. She is not allowed here, on the second floor. He hushes her, and smirks back. "Making alliances." he responds. She goes with it. She's using him to her advantage, right? ... "You going to pull a Johanna Mason and pretend you're weak?" He asks with a taunting smirk, hiding his genuine curiosity. She shoves him up against the edge of the couch with her knife and smirks back. "Not a chance." He kisses her. She kisses back. ... Her heart flutters in her chest. She thought she had left it at home. ... She throws knife after knife, trying not to get irritated at the gamemakers lack of attention. She hopes it's enough. It isn't. ... She receives a ten. The girl from twelve gets an eleven. She grits her teeth, and plans her death, before stopping herself. Career Clove is taking over Actual Clove, and she can't let this happen. ... She observes the interviews with