I mean it this time I promise It only took those two little words to unravel Courtney Port. She slammed down her phone onto the oak office desk and began pacing in the little office. Those two words, they weren't fair. He knew what they meant to her. He was not allowed to use them. Not now. Not after every promise he had given her for the past three months that he broke. It wasn't fair! He couldn't just waltz back into her life, throwing that smile she had only seen on rare occasions and they be okay. He fucked up too much this time. Courtney slammed the door that connected the office to the shop, she was worried her father would come in from talking to a costumer and see how worked up she was. She pulled angrily at her red hair and felt her eyes prickle with the same sensation she has felt so frequently this week. No. No crying. He knows that he has you. She thought angrily. She yanked her curled hair into a pony tail and grumbled how she ruined her hair for the day, the ONE day she tried, all because of him . She could blame him for everything going on. Courtney sighed and pushed her back to the wall before sliding down. She couldn't blame him for everything. She knew how he was before they got together. He was a player, she was forewarned by everyone in the small school. She thought she was different for him, that they were so broken, together they would finally make a right. But instead she had fallen into a hole of forgiveness every time he hurt her. Maybe he knew I'd do this. Courtney set her head against the wall and condoned herself for thinking that, he wasn't that smart. He maybe a manipulating asshole, but he was definitely not that manipulative. Courtney grimaced and forced herself to stare at the wall behind the desk. Her high school Letterman logo was framed along with every principle award she was ever given. Her father made an extra effort to always promote her schooling, even when it became a fallen priority the last few years. Courtney heard the sliding metal gate begin to close, and listen as her father turned off the blasting country radio, tied the chain around the door to the shop and walk through the office. His old blue Ford mechanics jumpsuit on and dirty. Courtney gave a tight smile up at her father who looked his usual. A straight face, peppered hair covered in oil, and new scratches from an engine covering his arm. His face broke out into a grin as he looked down at her. "It's a good day Tatter!" Her nickname made Courtney smile more at her dad. She brought a knee up and lent her arm against it as her dad leant on the office desk piled with paperwork. "I was thinking take out tonight-" "The Chinese restaurant is in Port Angeles, dad." Robert Port nodded but continued. "How about pizza then? There's that one place in Forks thats like, what? Ten minutes away?" Courtney nodded and gave a wide smile that she knew her father would see through, he did. He straightened his posture, and gave a menacing look down at her. "It's that Lahote boy again isn't it? What did he do?" Courtney almost wanted to gruff out a laugh. "He texted me, he apologized and wants to prove it." Courtney knew her grimace was on the border of breaking down. Robert Port's angry look softened at his daughter's face, he was not good at consoling women. With his youngest daughter, he was not sure how to help her. Courtney was his little tom boy, she only turned into an emotional woman when her ex boyfriend Lahote was in the picture. "Baby, you know my opinion on that boy. I was nice when you gave him another chance this year, I talked to him-" "Don't lie dad, you didn't talk to him. You gave snide remarks when he was in the car, that's not talking." "Don't you blame me for that asshole's shit" Her father hissed. Courtney sighed and looked down, he was right, she was blaming small actions of her father for her relationship problems. "You're right, I'm sorry. He is just" Courtney paused and fumbled with her hands, as if their demonstration could explain things, "getting to me." Silence filled the room as Robert stared at his daughter. He was thankful for their relationship, they told each other everything, a fact that ruined his past relationships but he was happy to know what was happening with her. He knew what she was feeling, he could tell by her defeated look. "Okay Bud, here's the plan. We are gonna go get some smokes, we are gonna smoke like a chimney, we are going to get a pizza, that veggie crap that you love, and we are gonna play cards tonight, Grandma's game. Okay?" He asked, his face back to being serious. Courtney nodded and gave a small grin. She struggled to get up and moved to sit in the old blue chair that was near her father. "So, what was the good news with Gabe?" Courtney nodded as her father broke into the story of the newest car that needed numerous additions to run properly. Courtney leant back against the uncomfortable chair and nodded when needed while she tuned him out to think. Her relationship with Paul was doomed from the start, the way that they came to be close was horrible, and wrong. Of course when she finally got him to herself it wouldn't be real. Courtney huddled further into the couch that sat outside at her newest friends halloween party. Her Harley Quinn outfit was store bought spandex and a scantily covered crop top. Her bright red hair was pulled into two pony tails so the only warmth she received from that was her newly trimmed bangs swept to the side. A girl she had met a few minutes ago sat next to her in an odd mermaid, medusa homemade outfit. Miranda was the first person, Ayala had introduced her to, and Courtney did not want to move from her comfortable spot on the couch to meet anyone new. "You see the cowboy? He's kinda cute" Miranda commented, Courtney sat forward, the only semi interesting conversation she could hold with medusa was about boys. "I've always had a thing for cowboys." Medusa giggled, before turning and looking at the the coupled Mario and Luigi beside her who began making out. "Wanna go to the dance floor? I heard Ayala put chocolate at the tables." Courtney nodded and the two began walking down the small path to the set in dance floor in between the trees that sat a few feet from a hired DJ. Courtney was surprised at the accommodations Ayala had, for a lower income house, her parents must have saved a whole rents worth of money to pay for this. Courtney lent against the high table a few feet from the floor and looked around, no person was on the dance floor, the DJ played some off techno song even Courtney didn't know, while people bundled together in group. "What about the hazmat guy?" Courtney nodded towards the tall guy in a yellow suit across from them. Medusa turned slightly and shrugged. "Can't see his face, so no." Ayala made her rounds and stopped at the table. "I should warn you Miranda, Paul, stay away from him. He's a huge man whore." Courtney grabbed a chocolate from the bowl while listening. "Paul?" Medusa asked glancing around. "The white masked guy. He is standing near the bumble bee girl. He is a huge player. Stay away, okay?" Ayala acted like she was talking to a child. Courtney glanced down at the short medusa and wondered what kind of girl she was if she had to be forewarned of a guy, like that. Ayala shouted at someone attempting to go into the cut off studio apartment they had at the end of their yard and left. Medusa immediately began looking around. Courtney sighed and rolled her eyes realizing she was looking for 'Paul'. "Court," Courtney rolled her eyes at the newest nickname she received. "Yeah?" "The black button down, has the white mask, him. What do you think?" Courtney glanced over Medusa, which was easy considering she stood at about five foot. He was leant against the wooden fence in front of the trees. He stood tall, he had dark skin, and a too tight black button up that showed his muscles. "He's okay." Courtney looked around a bit more ignoring her newest 'friend'. Courtney was not fond of girls or guys who acted like that. She always had a select group of friends that were weird, and horny, but they never looked for the assholes. Medusa moved around the table and stood closer to Courtney. She had to bite her tongue to not say something rude to the small girl. Medusa took off her mask, and showed off the swept to the side bleached blonde bangs, and curly hair died in odd streaks of color. Her white skin seemed to glow by the lanterns that sat on lines above them. "Can I have him?" Medusa asked elbowing the taller girl. Courtney almost growled at her antics. "He's all yours." Courtney replied harsher than meaning to. Courtney glanced up at 'Paul' again. She rolled her eyes when she saw he was staring blatantly at their table, while the bumble bee was talking to him. Courtney noticed the way the girl brushed his arm, and how he didn't react or even looked surprised. Courtney wanted to gag. He reminded her of the guys back in California. His eyes met hers and she watched as he glanced down at her. His eyes strayed to her laced up combat boots, her tight red and black tights, her crop top showing her tits a little too much. Courtney suddenly wished she brought her leather jacket. She raised an eyebrow at 'Paul', before looking away uninterested. She was hoping, much like her old California friends, that he would take the hint. No such luck. 'Paul' began making his way to their table and Courtney felt the need to disappear. "Ohmigosh" Medusa squealed, jumping around. "He's coming!" "No kidding," Courtney grumbled. "Help me, yeah?" Courtney stared away from the oncoming 'Paul'. He walked in a way that showed confidence. The word that came to Courtney's mind was 'swag' which made her want to vomit. "Hey," Paul lent his arms against the table, and Courtney nodded at him before looking back at the crowed, looking for familiar faces. Sadly, this was her first outing after her move and she didn't recognize anyone. Even if she did, she doubted she knew them well enough to escape. She had been a loner at the reservation high school until she met Ayala a week ago. "What school do you guys go to?" Courtney snorted as Medusa squealed and nearly yelled "Forks." Courtney listened to the silence and slowly looked over at Paul, his body was angled towards her. He looked at her with a small side smirk as he waited for her answer. "La Push," Courtney grumbled. "Yeah, me too. I don't recognize you. I know everyone in La Push." "No kidding." Courtney felt a gab to her ribs and wiped her head around to glare at the pip-squeak medusa. She did not sign up for this. "I just transferred." "Still, I would have recognized you." Courtney bit her tongue. She wanted to ask how but did not want to seem interested. Who knows what the midget medusa would do if she thought Courtney was flirting with the man-whore. "Yeah, I don't really know anyone." "You know Ayala though, me and her have been friends for a few years." Courtney wanted to ask how