A big thank you to Cat and Red ( a.k.a TheAfterShock ) for beta-ing this chapter and supporting/helping me with it. Notes: #1 for those of you who are already following me, I promise I haven't forgotten about the one-shot. I still intend on finishing what I have started, but I couldn't really wait anymore. The beginning of this story had been ready since the end of July and I'm very curious to see what you think of it. Besides, I think I've been hiding for long enough ;) #2 Modern Day, seven chapters , AU (I have practically messed with everyone's ages. If there are any questions or things you need me to clear out, don't hesitate to ask.) #3 feedback—positive or negative—is highly appreciated. Also, if you leave a comment, but don't wish to see a preview of the next chapter, let me know! (Review=sneak peek /spoilers for part 2) #4 the characters will often be a bit off, even though I'm still trying not to cross a specific line. Take into account the different circumstances and background (you will find more about the characters' past in future chapters, so having questions is neither unusual nor unexpected). Words: 9,263 (Normal word limits: 8,000-14,000) Disclaimer: Credit to multiple authors (from multiple fandoms) for coming up with the title "Roommates" and giving me the idea of a plot to work on and—of course— Suzanne Collins for her intriguing characters. Update: 15.09.2012 One: December and January She's cold. It is barely the first week of December and she's freezing. She rubs her gloved hands together, hoping to warm herself by creating as much friction as possible, but she feels like the desperate action is futile anyway. She watches the faint fumes of her unsteady breathing in the darkness as she lifts a trembling, clenched fist to knock on the massive brown door in front of her. The lamp hanging on the doorframe illuminates the threshold she's standing on at the moment, soothing her uneasiness even for just a few moments. She knows where she is, she sees where she's going. Familiar footsteps are heard from inside the house almost immediately after Katniss's hand connects with the surface of the wood. She prays for the door to swing open seconds before it actually does, revealing the flushed face of her best friend, a wide grin spreads across her pale, rosy lips. Katniss has absolutely no idea how she can be so cheery on a moment like that. She knows they've both had much better days. Madge is still smiling like a fool. "Do you plan on letting me in?" she asks after a couple of seconds, her teeth involuntarily gritting together, a violent shiver running down her already trembling spine. "Oh, right, sorry," the girl mumbles and steps aside, allowing access to Katniss. Madge rushes to close the door after her friend is in, in fear of getting cold herself. "This had better be good, Madge," Katniss grumbles. She doesn't wait for permission as she kicks her boots off her feet right beside the first piece of furniture she comes across in the hallway, where she always does. Madge doesn't wait for her to finish her ritual. Instead, she walks away from her, disappearing into the place Katniss knows to be the kitchen of the large house. Being the mayor's daughter in this town has given Madge many privileges—more than she'd ever wish to gain. It doesn't take long for Katniss to be in the same room as Madge, observing her while she moves around it. She turns around and gives her another smile, which manages to make Katniss even more suspicious than before. Madge never smiles so much without a serious reason. She's not like the rest of Katniss's former classmates in high school, and this is why they both prefer each other's company to anyone else's. "Hot chocolate?" Madge offers. Katniss usually declines kindly by saying a " no, thank you " or " maybe another time ", but she wants to have a hot chocolate at the moment. She needs it. She slowly bobs her head. "Enjoying your day off?" the blonde-haired girl asks. There is no sarcasm—Madge's intentions are not bad. Katniss's face falls at the question, anyway. She leans forward, her elbow touching the table, her cheek firmly pressed against her palm. "It's not a day off," she whines pathetically. "I got fired. " She emphasizes the last word, making sure she is heard. "Remind me…," Madge starts. Her back is turned on Katniss, but the brunette can imagine the thoughtful expression that must be plastered on her face right now. "What was the reason again?" Katniss scoffs in disbelief. "You do remember," she points out, narrowing her eyes at Madge. "I arrived one hour and thirty-two minutes late at work." Her boss made sure she heard her mistake multiple times. "One hour and thirty- two minutes late at work. If I were them, I'd give you a second chance," Madge murmurs. "You're not them, though," Katniss grumbles. "They had every right to get rid of me. To tell you the truth, I always felt like Mr. Snow secretly hated me for just working there." There were also those times she wondered why he had hired her as an employee in the first place. After every single time she followed his orders word for word, she would be rewarded with the oddest stare—a stare that looked more like a glare—she had ever seen. It was as if he was expecting her to fall in a trap, make a mistake, be as imperfect as possible. It was as if he was anticipating for the moment to literally kick her out—and that's what he did. He called her an irresponsible, reckless young girl. Young is nothing but an insult, a terrible flaw to him, Katniss realized. "I never liked your boss." Madge has now occupied the stool right beside her friend's. "Manipulative. Tightfisted. He thought of himself oh-so highly." "He wasn't so bad at business," Katniss remarks. As a result, Madge narrows her eyes at her, the silent warning in her blue irises never to be spoken. "You're defending him," she accuses. Katniss isn't sure how to reply. Thus, she simply chooses not to. "Business?" Madge snorts in the process of repeating the word Katniss had used to describe Coriolanus Snow's activities. "He owns a grocery shop, for God's sake." "A grocery shop that ensured Prim and me money." Katniss lets a long, audible sigh slide from her lips. She'd prefer not to talk about her misfortune, but she knows she has no choice—not really. All she has in mind is helping her twin sister complete her medical education in college. It is what their mother did when she was still a student. (Before she became a nurse, she was just a healer in their village, District Twelve. There was no profit from this job other than the simple satisfaction of being an active member in the small society there, but there were also more important reasons for her to stay. Falling in love with Katniss's father, despite any kind of objections and against all odds, was definitely among them.) And now it's what Primrose aspires to do. "You've already given up on so many things." Katniss is aware of the fact. She doesn't need to be reminded and she surely isn't in the mood at the moment. Madge seems to have other plans, though. She continues. "For one, you sold your house in Twelve." "Don't even mention it. That was years ago, when my parents were…" alive . "…responsible for us. It was sad to know I wouldn't live there again, but it's over now." Madge sidesteps Katniss's comments. "You also refused to go to college, so Prim's fees will be taken care of. Furthermore, you are the one taking care of them." "You refused to go to college, too." "That's different. I chose not to go because I don't want to." Because I don't need to, Katniss interprets in her head, even if the meaning of Madge's words is entirely different. There are times like these, when she wants to actually dislike her best friend, but can't. Even though Madge will have anything she asks for on a silver platter without much effort, Katniss neither envies her (how could she? She doesn't need a big house to lose herself in. She doesn't need a mentally ill mother to take care of. She doesn't need a busy father who won't even sit down and talk to her. She doesn't need piles of gold—she wants to believe her father and keep in mind that money doesn't bring happiness in life, no matter what) nor despises her. Madge has a way of being so clever, yet so innocent. She is responsible for nothing bad that has happened to Katniss. No, quite the opposite. "Prim isn't selfish. She appreciates what I'm doing." She has absolutely no idea where the urge to defend her sister is coming from. There was nothing implied—her friend makes sure to confirm the fact. "Of course she does. Anyone would appreciate you, Katniss." She smiles again. "I just might want to help you. I might have a solution for you." Katniss shakes her head furiously. "No." There is no way she's allowing that. "You're not helping me." She realizes the look in Madge's eyes is the one of hurt. She flinches slightly, but adds another sentence after her first one, anyway. "You're not giving me anything." She wants to put emphasis on the last part so badly, though, it would sound too cruel. Katniss can be too cruel sometimes. She doesn't necessarily wish for it, especially when the person—Madge, in this particular case—doesn't deserve this kind of treatment. A spark of recognition flashes in the blonde's eyes. "No, no, I wasn't…" She exhales. "I wasn't talking about offering you anything. I know you're not fond of being confronted this way." I know you're not fond of being pitied. "Right," Katniss mumbles. You're being rude again, she tells herself. "Remember there's not that much you can do, Madge," she says, then her expression sorrowful. "You want to save money," Madge declares. "I do." "And you want to find a way to work, so that you can keep having income." She does. Katniss shoots her a bewildered glance. "But you want to know how to save money first." "You've lost me," Katniss confesses and takes a large sip of her chocolate, missing the burning sensation of the liquid on her tongue (and down her throat) already. It is starting to get cold. "Great." The sarcasm dripping off Madge's voice doesn't go unnoticed. "There really is no easy way of me saying it, is there?" Katniss shrugs, knowing this is the best she can do for now. "We'll start from the beginning," the mayor's daughter announces. "Forget about your job. Forget about Snow, Prim, college, fees—everything." Katniss parts her lips to protest. She is interrupted. "Forget it all just for a single minute." She nods in defeat. "Okay," she whispers, her voice hoarse. "I have a cousin." Katniss cocks an eyebrow. "You have many cousins." "Let's talk about this cousin. He's almost half a year older than us. He turned nineteen just a month ago. He has a house in Twelve." "He does?" Katniss asks indifferently. She really doesn't know what this cousin of Madge's has to do with her problems. She is, however, about to find out. "What about college?" Madge shakes her head. "No," she says. "He owns the bakery there. He had enough qualifications—he used to get straight A's." "Like Prim," Katniss says proudly. So much for forgetting about her… "Like Prim," Madge agrees. "What happened, then?" Madge sighs. "A lot of things happened. He has no problem with finances. In fact, he's truly well-off. He has already helped two of his classmates from his village—well, your village." Katniss had figured this one out by herself. He