Nostalgia Part 1 The sapphire water was placid, and the thin autumn air was crisp with just the right amount of coolness. I had left Peeta in bed this morning, and I went out to hunt. To my dismay there was no game, so I ended up sitting on Gale and I's rock. That only made sour memories resurface that I had no desire to relive. Consequently I moved myself over to lake that only brought me memories of happiness. As I sat there I could almost feel my father cloaking a blanket over my shoulders and bringing me into a bear hug. I can hear his gruff voice whisper into my ear, "Everything is going to be okay my sweet baby girl. You've got what you need, and I'm only a short walk away." I feel him tenderly kiss my head, and then the nostalgia is gone. I lie down onto my back and spread my arms and legs out. I try to soak up the warmth of a sun like a sponge would soak up water. I watch my chest rise up and fall down with my even breathing. I just exist and reflect for a while. I've finally gained some of my weight back thanks to the help of Greasy Sae and Peeta. Peeta has been back for six weeks now, and we've been sleeping in the same bed for two weeks. I don't go back to my house that often anymore, it brings back gut churning memories that I would much rather forget even though I am fully aware that's impossible. I've tried. Peeta's house brings me no memories, except for the ones we make together. Plus his house always smells like some delicious pastry and mine smells like Buttercup. I swear that cat has made it his mission to rub its nasty self on every piece of furniture, even the walls. I tell him that he's stupid on a daily basis, and his reply is a hiss followed by him rubbing himself all over my legs. He knows I hate it, and I'm sure that's why he does it, but when night falls and we are both overcome with loneliness I let him onto the couch and scratch him behind the ears. Even though I refused to let Buttercup into Peeta's house I see him perching at the windows, and Peeta, being Peeta, always lets him in. At first I fight him, but its no use. I want Buttercup in that house just as much as he wants to be there. I would let him in myself, but we are sworn enemies. He can't actually know I love him, and I have grown to love that cat almost as much as Prim did, almost. Peeta still hangs onto the back of the chairs and hangs on until the flashbacks are over. I wake from nightmares of mutts and lost children, but his arms are there to comfort me. I can't even count on two hands the amount of times I have hit Peeta during the night. I'll wake screaming and crying, and he reaches out to touch me and I strike him. Most of the time I am still lost in the world of nightmares, and luckily he knows that. I apologize every morning, and each time I do he just smiles and wraps me in a hug. Those hugs have never turned into kisses. I don't know if they ever will, he seems so guarded around me. Like he doesn't know whether to kiss me, or run the hell away from me. Nevertheless he still hasn't stopped expressing feelings for me, but there is always an underlying tone to his voice. Again, it sounds like he doesn't know whether to kiss me or run the hell away from me. I think, if I were he, I would run away. I'm just about as messed up in the head as they get, I used to be worse, and that was before Peeta got here. I didn't really move, or talk for those four weeks that I was here alone. I rotted in a cell of my own sadness. When Peeta came he unlocked that cell and set me free. He became my one source of happiness. I no longer had to rot in a cell of sadness, when I could see the light. He is my light, and each day when I wake up to him, I smile. I smile because I know, or at least I think I know, that his face is the face I will wake up to for the rest of my life. I don't mind that, in fact I welcome it with open arms. His is the only face I want to see in the dreamlike morning light, and I hope he wants to see mine too. I will never get sick of smoothing down his bedhead hair, or feeling his hands tangle through my own. The thought makes a bashful smile appear on my face. In the distance I hear a few leaves crunch, a sound that could only originate from a person's footsteps. Let them come; I'm too lost in happy thoughts to move. I close my eyes, and keep the smile on my face, I haven't been this happy in months and I don't intend to stop these wonderful ideals from entering my mind. A shadow appears over me, making the sun vanish from above me. I let out an agitated sigh. "If you're going to kill me just do it," I say with a straight face. A low deep chested laugh, that can only be recognized as Peeta bellows above me. A smile, paints out across my face, showing all of my teeth. "Good morning to you too," he says. I shoot my eyes open, "Isn't it a good morning? Come sit with me." "Someone is happy.." he says with an edge of confusion in his voice, and plops himself down next to me. "By the way, what are you doing?" he asks and gestured to the way I'm laying. "Oh, I'm being a sun sponge," I giggle, sit up, and rid myself of the leftover grass on my clothing. He raises his eyebrows at me, "You're being weird what's going on?" "Why is it a crime to be happy around here?" I say and cross my arms. He lifts his hands in mock surrender, "It's not-just you aren't usually like this." "Like what?" I say beginning to get a little agitated. He shrugs, and reaches his hand to my arm. I can feel the warmth of his fingers through my long sleeve shirt. He traces his hand down my arm lightly, tenderly and whispers, "You're acting happy. And I don't ever want it to end." Then he brings his hand to my cheek, and smiles a sad smile. "When you're happy, I'm happy." He takes a deep breath like he's about to reveal a secret, "I think you're beautiful." I scoff at his bluff. He must be blind. He shakes his head miserably, "No. Don't do that. You really have no idea, how beautiful you are to me. You'll never see it, but I see it every morning when I wake up. And you put a smile on my face. Katniss-" He chokes on his words and tries to regain his calmness, but I cut him off before he can finish his final words. "Stop," I choke out. "Why? You deserve to-" "You're going to make me cry," I snap. A smile creeps up on his face, "You don't always have to be so strong." "Oh, but I do," I huff. He shakes his head again, "Not around me. We can cry together." I chuckle a little, but it comes out a bit wrong, more like a heave. "Peeta-" He caresses my cheek with his thumb, and brings his face closer to mine causing my words to hitch in my throat. He hasn't dared to ever show this much affection towards me before today. Of course he still made sweet comments toward me, but I figured that was just him being himself. Now this rush of affection is leaving me dazed, and given me a racing heart. I'm almost positive he can hear my heartbeat as close as he is. He takes a breath, and his exhale tickles my lips. "Why now?" I ask, my words fluttering across his lips. He runs his tongue along his bottom lip, and I take in a harsh breath. "I've been waiting to get this close to you, but I don't know how you feel about it," he pauses for what feels like hours, "How do you feel about it?" I grab his left hand in my own, and bring it to my heart. I let it sit there on my racing heart for a few seconds before I remark, "How do you think I feel?" In reply he takes my hand and leads it to his heart. To my surprise, I think his heart may be beating wilder than my own. "Glad we feel the same way," he whispers and smiles. "Now what?" I ask, even though I feel as if I know the answer. He inches his face closer to mine, so that I can feel the brush of his lips against my own. I'm having a hard time steading my breathing, and an even harder time calming down my thoughts. His lips are just about to reach mine, and extinguish the fire inside of me when a large crash sounds behind us. We both fly backwards, and survey our surroundings. "Did you hear that?" Peeta asks, his breathing extremely uneven. "Yeah, but I don't see anything," I reply and continue to peruse around the area. Peeta stands up from the ground, and wipes his pants off. "I'll go look around and then come back. Stay here okay?" I nod, "Okay." Once he is out of sight, I fling myself onto to the ground, back up, and fight back a scream. He was this close. And life had to go and ruin it. After a few minutes of pulling grass out from the ground, I've managed to bring my heart rate back to normal, and my breathing as well. Now I am staring out to the other side of the lake, trying to picture a life where my sister and father were not both gone. In some insane way, it makes me smile. I paint a picture in my mind of my father, Prim, Peeta, and I fishing by the lake. I would be helping Prim attach a worm to a hook, while she squirms away in terror. My father and Peeta would be talking next to us. My father would be grilling Peeta, making sure he's the perfect match for his little girl. I would look up and smile at him timidly, then Peeta would beam a smile back at me. We would be in love, and more importantly we'd all be happy. I wipe away the idea of Peeta at this little family outing I've created, and call it stupid for ever imagining him loving me. I'm just exiting dreamland when Peeta plops down next to me for the second time today. I don't bring my gaze towards him when I ask, "Anything?" "A deer," he says. "I haven't seen a deer in these woods for years," I remark. He guffaws, "Funny that one shows up now." I roll my eyes. Peeta begins to speak again before I can, "Want to take a walk?" "Where to?" "Town," he replies. "Why?" I say curtly. "I'm rebuilding the bakery, and I want you to see something I did with it." I turn to him skeptically, "What did you do?" He rolls his eyes at me, "Gosh Katniss don't act so eager." He rises from the ground again, and holds out his hand. I gaze across the lake one last time, and a flicker of Prim and my