Christmas Past, Christmas Present Year 1 It was the shrill ringing of the phone, which I never answered, that woke me up. I was finally asleep, really asleep, and the stupid phone just had to ring. Figured. No rest for the weary, or broken hearted. For the first time, well ever, I picked up the phone. His voice broke out through the line, and pulled me from my half-asleep state. "Katniss it's me, Peeta." "I know," I told him. "You always choose the worst times to call. I was actually asleep. You're going to pay for waking me up. This better be good." "I need you." Silence. "I mean I need your help." "Oh," I sighed with relief, "With what?" "Just come down the bakery, you'll see. Goodbye, Katniss." The line went dead, and monotone buzzing overtook my ears. I clunked the phone down on the receiver, grabbed my coat, and jogged out the door. It was just starting to snow, and the ground was covered in its powdery white. Today was the holiday I had been hearing everyone talk about, Christmas. It was a tradition before the Dark Days, and President Paylor was bringing it back. I kind of liked the idea of something to celebrate that didn't involve sending kids to their death. Prim would have liked this holiday. All the cakes, cookies, and lights, I wished I could share it with her, but she was gone. My heart stung. The pain was getting better, less frequent, but it did not hurt any less when it came. I was just about at the bakery that was decorated in white lights with a tree in the all glass window. Peeta had opened it only two months before. He had gotten back on his feet so much quicker than I had, and he had been so much worse off too. I wondered how he did it. I was still trying to pick up my broken pieces, but bit-by-bit I was coming together again. Jingle bells went off when I opened the door. The place was buzzing with people, who were picking up cakes, and cookies and all sorts of other treats. Peeta stopped by every night for dinner, and to relax with me. He told me how swamped he was but I hadn't expected it to be like this. I had to sift through the people to get to the back door, which lead into the kitchen. My arm was stopped as it reached for the swinging door that I knew a frazzled Peeta stood behind. "You can't go back there," a young boy no more than fifteen said to me in his best boss-like voice. "I'm here to see, Peeta." He crossed his arms, and stood up straight. I was still taller than him. "He's busy right now." "I'm Katniss," I told him. His eyes widened, he uncrossed his arms, and he pushed open the door for me. "Oh, I'm-I'm sorry Miss Everdeen I didn't know," he scrambled. "It's fine," I calmed him, "It's fine. Thanks for holding the door." "Of course. Of course," he smiled sweetly. I managed a smile back, and then tiptoed into the quiet kitchen. There he was, totally covered in flour, and swishing a rolling pin back and forth about a mile a minute. "Katniss!" he called out, his voice thick with happiness. "Hi," I said, and watched him, and he wiped his forehead, imparting the flour on his hand to his face. I blushed, and smiled. "What?" he asked almost worried. I walked over to him, and brushed his forehead off. Then my hand drifted down to his cheek, and brushed over his lips. "You had some flour," I said. He chuckled. "Oh, sorry." I shrugged. "It was kinda cute. I like the apron by the way." He smiled. "Me too." It was embroidered with his name in sunset orange, his favorite color; the same color that also happened to be the color of the bakery's insignia. "So why'd you need me here?" "Taste tester," he told me. "Let me get this straight, you called me all frantic and told me to rush over here so that I could be your taste tester?" "More or less." I rolled me eyes. "You are quite the piece of work, Peeta Mellark." "If you don't quit your complaining, I'll give you a real job to do," he stated, holding back a smile. "Throwing around those kind of threats is no joke," I scolded then hopped on the wooden table so that I was sitting in front of him, just a bit above his eye level. "So what can I taste first?" "I'm making a vanilla peppermint pastry for Christmas. It's going to be kind of like a cream puff, except that the filling is going to be vanilla peppermint, hence the name." "Sounds pretty good to me." He grabbed a bowl, and tucked it under his arm. Then he came back over to face me. He handed the bowl to me. "I need you to taste the filling and tell me what you think." I had my finger in the bowl before he even had his last word out of his mouth. Then I raised my finger to my lips, and sucked off the frosting. "Oh man," I moaned, "I'm not really one for peppermint but this is so good." I dropped my head back, still tasting the filling on finger. "Yum." I could tell his eyes were on me, but I was afraid to look. "So that's an astounding yes on the peppermint," I heard him say and then he ripped the bowl from my fingers. "What's next?" I chirped. There were so many bowls set up with different fillings, chocolates, and frostings in them. All for me to taste. He brought them all to me. Each were decadent and mouth watering. He kept saying that there must be one I don't like, but that wasn't the case at all. I couldn't get enough of any of them. They were sweet, but not too much so, and they had the perfect texture that slid down your throat without any trouble. No wonder he was always so busy. Not only did he make these amazing goodies, but he also priced them so almost everyone could afford them. He was the talk of the town. "Okay, this is the last bowl," he said approaching me carefully. "What's in it?" I inquired. "I'm not going to tell you. You're going to have to guess. I think this is going to be your favorite one though. Close your eyes," he commanded. "I can't close my eyes because then I won't be able to see where the bowl is," I told him. "Don't worry about it. Just close your eyes." I did as he said, and waited for something to come close to my mouth. I heard the bowl be placed on the counter and then his voice broke through the air, "Open your mouth." I did, and then the taste of blackberry and vanilla exploded on my taste buds. He was right. This was definitely my favorite. I vaguely remembered my father loving these, but how would Peeta know that? I moved my tongue around to get the rest of the goods, and that's when I realized that I wasn't eating off of a spoon, but Peeta's finger. I opened my eyes. He was biting his lip. "It's good," I said once I was done tasting the savory crème. "Just good?" he asked sheepishly. " Really good." Then as if something came over me in a wave, I grabbed onto the sleeve of his shirt and pulled him over to me. I opened my legs so that he could fit between them. "What are you doing Katniss?" "Shh," I demanded, and then pressed my lips to his. He tasted like peppermint, and gingerbread. I looped my arms around his neck, and forced his body even closer to mine. We had kissed once or twice before but never like this. They had only been pecks. This kiss was so much more. I couldn't take my lips off him. I wanted him all over me. I wanted him to fill every pore of my body. He moaned against my lips, and I deepened the kiss even more. He let his hands travel down the slope of hips. Then he lifted me up, and off of the table. My legs tightened around us as he pushed me against the refrigerator. Something fell. Neither of us cared. He held me like I was as light as a feather, and he started to overtake my mouth with his, letting his tongue venture over my bottom lip. His lips tasted better than all of the sweets I had tasted. He was the first to pull away, and that was only because he had to put me down. His cheeks were flushed, and his lips were the color red of a candy cane. "Merry Christmas," he whispered in my ear. Then he slipped a small box into my hand. "What is this?" I asked. "Your gift." "Gift?" "It was tradition to give the people you loved gifts before, so I got you one," he had a boyish grin on his face, and was rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet. "Peeta, I didn't know that, I didn't get you anything. I'm sorry." I felt my heart sinking into my stomach. "It's okay. That kiss was quite enough." The words tumbled out of my mouth without permission. "There's more where that came from." His eyes widened a bit, and before I could give him the chance to come up with some smooth answer I began to open his gift. I dropped the blue bow on the ground, and flipped over the white leather box in my hand. There was some type of jewelry in it, which seemed odd to me because he knew I didn't like jewelry. I flipped open the cover, and inside lay a silver necklace. What was different about this necklace though was what it had on it. There was no stone, no glamour, just a pearl. A pearl I thought I had lost, but there it was attached to a necklace. I felt the air leave my lungs. "Where did you find this?" I asked. "On the street as I was walking to the train station in the Capitol to come home. I tripped on something, and there it was under my feet. Still perfect." "Oh my gosh." Tears sprang at my eyes. "I love it, Peeta. I love it so much. Will you put it on for me?" "Of course," he said. I gave the necklace to him and spun around. I felt his warm hands gently brush the hair off my neck, and then place the necklace on me. I swiftly turned on my heel to face him, and then mashed my lips to his. That was our first Christmas. Year 3 Peeta was setting the table with the finest plates, and settings we had while I sung along to Christmas songs. Peeta tried to sing too, but it sounded like a dying cat, so he left me to that. He also had a turkey cooking in the oven, courtesy of me, and potatoes along with some rice bubbling on the stove. It was Christmas night, as well as our dinner to celebrate our marriage. Just two days before Peeta and I had shared our toasting. It was simple, but perfect. Just the way I wanted it. I wore a white slip, and Peeta had been adorned in black pants with a white button down. We broke the bread by the warmth of the fire, and then fed the pieces to each other. The next day I went to the justice building and changed my name to Katniss Mellark. I never thought I would be one to change my name, but I kind of wanted Everdeen to die