My Last Day Being Normal AN: (Greetings, Salutations, and please don't kill me.) Gods are real. So are monsters. Now when I say that gods are real, I mean gods as in Greek Gods. That's right, I mean Zeus, Athena, Hades, all of them, like that one Disney movie, except they're not colored weirdly...at least I don't think they are. And I'm pretty sure that Hades doesn't have hair on fire, but then again...nah. But see...that's not the only thing that's real. See, magic is real too. Ok hold up. I should probably back up. Back way up most likely. Let me start at the point that my normal life ended. {¥£€} "Vincent are you doing?" I looked up to see Ronnie looming over me. Ronnie was my roommate at Saint Mary's Orphanage and he was the closest thing I had to a friend. I had been resting under a tree outside the church grounds for a few minutes. Yes I'm a orphan, it's sad I know but honestly? Ten years without a mom and dad wasn't entirely that bad for me, the caretakers at the orphanages I've lived at always tried their best to take care of me. And yes I said orphanages, plural. See I have a tendency for the unexplainable to happen. For instance, three years ago while I was having a nightmare the lights all broke from electricity. Another time I was eating lunch near a fountain, it was the first time I tried hot sauce and the water in the fountain started bubbling. And just two weeks ago I swore I closed the tool shed door closed too hard and cracked it. By the time I came back with one of the caretakers to explain, it was repaired. Thankfully I haven't been taken out of this orphanage yet. Third time's the charm right? Ronnie was two years older than me, the twelve year old holder his arms over his chest impatiently awaiting my answer. "I was taking a nap." I responded as I sat upright. Standing up I rubbed the sand out of my eyes. "You know, if you spent half the time you do sitting around doing nothing working on school you may get better grades." Ronnie commented. I rolled my eyes, Ronnie was a good guy but he was a little nosey. He knew I was Dyslexic, but he pushed me to read one more chapter of a book for school. I love reading, don't get me wrong, but it is a absolute nightmare with the letters getting all jumbled up. ADHD can be a challenge too, but together? I'd rather bash his head in a textbook that I don't want to even look at than try to read it at this point. "Look, you worry about you. I'll worry about me." I replied curtly. Ronnie let out a sigh, "Fine. Go fail your classes. See if I care." he responded nonchalantly. Vincent rolled his eyes, as Ronnie walked away, the young boy looked to his backpack at his side. He was just outside the orphanage, it was actually a large compound like church. The tree I was leaning against was outside the walls near the road. Stared at my bag for a few minutes, "I hate him." I muttered before opening my bag and reaching in and pulling out my English history book. Opening the book, I turned to the page I bookmarked and began reading. I sat there for about ten minutes, having read about six or seven pages in that time, before I started to get fidgety. Usually when in class I would tap my fingers down, focus on that for a few seconds before getting back to reading. For now all I could do was take a minute to listen for any passing cars or something to momentarily take my mind off the work. When I heard what sounded like a lion, naturally I looked up to see what in the world could make that sound. Of course, it wasn't exactly from this world so to speak. Fifty feet away was easily the biggest, meanest, BIGGEST, dog that he ever seen in his life. Now the biggest dog I had seen was German Shepard, this thing made it look like a Chihuahua. It looked like it could wrestle a bear to the ground and kill it with no problem. It had razor sharp teeth, coal colored fur, and I swear it had glowing red eyes. And then it charged at me. I did the only I could think of, I turned around and jumped up to the nested test branch of the tree. Dogs can't climb trees right? My arms loop around a tree branch, I use every ounce of upper body strength j have to hoist myself up onto the branch and started climbing up as fast as I could. I got up five branches before the dog, bear, whatever the hell that thing is, jumped up and slammed it's paws onto the trunk of the tree, the entire tree shook from the impact, making my footing slip up and fall onto the beast's back with my back. My hands grabbed onto the fur out of reflex...very stupid mistake. You know how people go on mechanical bull rides? Well those start out nice and slow and build up to fast, this was fast and violent, plain and simple. It tried to buck me off, causing my ankles to skyward for a second before my gut hit it's snout and causing it to snarl. It threw it's head back, making me go flying off with puffs of hair in my hands before crashing into the ground and tumbling across the ground to a stop as I let out a pain filled groan. "Uggghhh." The snarling sounded like a chainsaw, rolling onto my stomach I looked up to see the dog staring me down with hate in its eyes. Looking at my hands I saw that the hair I had pulled had become black as inland dripped out of my grasp. "how-?" I started before I felt the ground shake from the beast closing in. I looked up and saw it only ten feet away. I lay there frozen with fear holding me down like weights on my back. Just as it's jaws opened, a shadow passed over my head, a pair of boots landed a few inches from my nose. A spear thrust forward into the dog's mouth, the dog liquified into a large back puddle before dissolving out of existence. I laid there staring at the boot that saved me, it turned around to face me. Looking up, I saw who my savior was. She was a girl, she didn't look that much older than I was, she had black hair that went down to her shoulders, her eyes were blue, electricity and they looked equal parts dangerous and beautiful. She wore a black leather jacket with s black shirt underneath, her jeans were dark as well with a few years on them. The full on combat boots completed the punk vibe outfit. What killed the image was the spear and shield she had in her hands. "Are you ok?" she asked, I for the most part was still trying to wrap my mind around what I had just seen. I'll tell you right now, it would not be the last time I did this, not by a long shot. I'll tell you that right now. I couldn't speak, my heart was pounding so hard I could feel it in my head, I felt like everything was in a daze. Like my mind was at half power and every thought was slowed down like when you wade through a pool. The girl crouched down onto a knee, her spear pointing up to the sky with her shield dropping to the ground. "Look, f you saw that thing, that..." "Beardog? Dog bear? What was that!?" I asked, finally finding my voice. "Wait was that the dog from Sherlock Holmes? You know that one with the hound in it?" I asked, pushing myself up into to a sitting position. "I...I'm crazy aren't I? Oh god I'm crazy. Oh god..." I muttered as I covered my eyes with my hands. My brain was hyperactive before, now it felt like it was going at the speed of light. The girl reached over and put a hand on my shoulder and shook me, "Hey, your not crazy. Ok, what you just saw? That was real...me and my friends were running away from it, we lost it but it ran after you." she said, there was some guilt in her voice. I looked at her and found her staring right back at me. I broke eye contact and looked over to where it was a second ago. "Ok...so what was that?" I asked. She seemed apprehensive to speak, "Look, that thing? It just tried to eat me. I'm pretty sure that I'm owed an explanation." I said, somewhat forcefully. She sighed, "Fine, your not gonna belive me but fine." She pointed her thumb back to where I was looking. "That thing? Hellhound, as in a dog from hell. As in the underworld. As in Greek gods and all that underworld." I shit up and listened to her, probably the smartest decision I made today. "You know gods? Like Zeus? Well...he's my dad. And all those other gods? They have kids too, half bloods, half human, half God, all kinds of suck." She toon a breath, waiting for me to call her crazy, deluded, or just pulling a prank. "...ok." It was her turn to look at me with utter surprise. "Ok? Like...ok? Really?" she asked, taken for a loop by my response. "I just saw doc, the size of a bear, with red eyes, razor teeth, and when you killed it, it turned to ink and evaporated." I stated. "If there is some other explanation, please, I'm all ears." I welcomed. She stared at me in compete silence for a few seconds before snorting out a laugh. I couldn't help but smile and chuckle too, it was crazy, but you know what? I just survived what could have been a mix between eating mauled by a dog and s bear attack, so yes I was more than a little delirious. We both say there, laughing to ourselves for a few more seconds before we finally got it under control. "I'm sorry." she said, trying to fight the smile on her face, "I just...usually it takes more convincing you know?" she explained. I nodded, getting myself to just smile, "Yeah I picked up on that. It's nuts, crazy, I mean I'm kinda messed up. Can't even read a book page normal." I admitted. "Dyslexic? ADHD?" she asked. I was shaken out of state of delirium by that, I slowly nodded. She stopped smiling as well, "Same here...ADHD is our battle instincts. And our brains are trying to turn English into Ancient Greek." she explained, her thumb tracing the shady of her spear. "Pretty smart huh?" I shook my head, "Not really. No." I replied as she stood up. Her spear collapsed in size to that of a mace canister while her shield popped out before spinning around and shrinking into a bracelet. "So look...it's not really safe being out in the world and-" "Thalia!" We both turned around to see three other people, one of them was a younger blonde girl, with grey eyes and fair skin, she couldn't be any older than eight or nine years old. One of the boys was clearly the oldest of them, with blonde hair and pale skin he had a sword in hand, which again, simply showed more support to this Greek gods idea. The other boy had bushy brown hair and a slight goatee on his chin. But he was walking somewhat strangely. The blonde boy completely ignored me and approached Thalia, "Are you nuts that hellhound