A/N: Hello! This is what I wrote for the S2SL drive back in February. After I finished it I realised wasn't quite ready to let it go and I have decided to extend it from the original posting. It won't be a full blown fanfic, just snapshots of their lives as their relationship and each chapter could be read on its on or as part of a whole. It won't be updated as regularly as my other fics as my other WIP is my main focus but I am hoping to update every couple of weeks. This chapter is the original posting for S2SL but the next one will be a totally unseen expansion. I hope you enjoy it. Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games or any of its characters. Part 1 I pull my grey cardigan tighter round my body and cross my arms over my chest. It is that awkward time of year in Scotland where it is too warm to wear a jacket but too cold for just a cardigan. I shift about nervously on my feet as I chew my bottom lip and stand on the doorstep of a virtual stranger. This is not a situation I am entirely comfortable with. "Are you sure he doesn't mind me coming? I mean the rest of you are all really good friends. I don't want to be seen as some lame tag along," I ask my best friend who stands beside me. "Don't be silly. Darius says the more the merrier and you have met Gale and Delly before. No one is going to care," Madge replies trying to reassure me. I take a deep breath and nod my head trying to convince myself that this is true. I'm just not good in new social situations. I have a few very good friends but don't really do casual acquaintances. I'm content in having a small group of really good friends rather than a large group of people I only pretend to like most of the time. Coming to a curry and Game of Thrones night with a bunch of people I hardly know is one of the scariest things for me to do. I always end up clamming up and hanging about awkwardly on the fringes whenever I am put in new social situations. But Madge has persuaded me to come to this small get together with her friends from church. I have known her for the last 20 years and after we met as messy 3 year olds at a local play group. Most of my fondest childhood memories involve her. I am not a religious person but that has never hindered our friendship. She has never pressurised me to believe certain things and has largely kept that part of herself separate from our friendship. That was until recently and she developed a crush on her tall, dark and handsome church friend Gale. She won't stop talking about him and has tried to get me to come to more gatherings with her church friends to act as moral support. I have only relented a couple of times and hated every second of them feeling greatly out of place. Some of her friends are a bit holier than now about their religion and look down their noses at me for not going to church. I have never felt comfortable around them. But I agreed to this one because I am a big Thrones fan and don't have Sky TV. I won't get to watch the first episode of the new season if I don't come to her friend's tonight. Still doesn't mean I am looking forward to a night where I get my tongue tied as I hopelessly try to make small talk. Madge's friend, Darius, answers the door with a big smile and a hug for Madge. I smile awkwardly at the freckly, red headed young man and clutch the strap of my bag tightly as I step into the slightly messy hallway. Madge instantly makes herself at home, shaking off her shoes and talking a mile a minute about her love for Darius's home brewed beer. I follow them silently from behind as Darius takes us through to his living room and offers us a beer before he collapses on an old bean bag chair. Madge immediately flops down on one of the sofas and nestles into the cushions while I awkwardly perch on the edge of the sofa beside her. I clutch my bottle of beer tightly as I take a sip to try and calm my nerves. Only one other person has arrived and Darius waves his hand between me and this other stranger once we have sat down. "Thom, Katniss. Katniss, Thom. Katniss is a friend of Madge's from school," Darius says. The Thom guy nods his head at me and I try to smile back in acknowledgement but the muscles in my face don't seem to be working properly and it comes across more of a grimace. However Thom doesn't seem to notice and the 3 of them all begin chatting about some ceilidh their church has coming up to raise funds to build a school in Tanzania. I busy myself by scanning my eyes over the various knick knacks around the room and drinking my beer as I count down the minutes until the show starts and it will become socially acceptable for me to sit back and stay quiet. About 10 minutes later the doorbell rings and Darius jumps out of his bean bag and bounds towards the door. Madge picks herself off the sofa and straightens out the navy dress she is wearing before smoothing her hair back. It is clear who she is hoping is at the door. I hear loud exclamations coming from the hallway and both Madge and Thom walk through to greet whoever it is that has just walked in. Not wanting to be left by myself I get up and follow them through and hover at the back. Madge smiles shyly at Gale, who has indeed just arrived, and he smiles affectionately back at her. There is a smallish, excitable blonde girl with him who practically bounces up and down on her feet as she tells Darius about the latest gossip she has heard. I've met Delly before and although a bit squeaky for my liking she does at least make an effort to talk to me at these things, something that the more pretentious church goers don't do as I am not one of them. Madge's eyes widen though when she catches sight of the other young man with them. "Oh my goodness! Peeta! I didn't think you were coming tonight! I thought you had already left!" Madge exclaims as she wraps her arms around him. "You've not got rid of me quite yet. I fly out to tomorrow. Got to be up at 0320 hours sharp," the man replies tapping at his watch. My heart actually stops at the sight of him. I have definitely not seen him before at any of these things Madge has dragged me to. I would have definitely noticed him if he had been. This Peeta person stands just a few inches shorter of Gale's 6 foot 3 inch frame. He has broad shoulders and strong arms that are perfectly emphasised in his tight fitting white t-shirt. I catch a glimpse of some black writing inked on the inside of his left forearm as he raises his arm to scratch the side of his head. His ashy blond hair is cut short and neat and he has dimples in his cheeks when he smiles. But his most striking feature is his blue eyes. They are the brightest cerulean blue and my breath is momentarily taken away when they look in my direction and catch my eye. The stranger looks at me curiously before giving me a cheeky grin and taking a step towards me. "You're new. I don't believe we've met before. I'm Peeta," he says. "Katniss," I reply. "I'm friends with Madge." Peeta flits his gaze briefly to Madge who nods her head before he turns back round to face me. He smiles at me again. "Katniss. That is a strange name," he says. "No stranger than Peeta," I reply. Peeta raises his eyebrows in surprise before setting his face in a grin and leaning his side against the wall. I don't quite know where that came from. Normally I would have blushed and tried to deflect the situation. But there is something about this man that makes me feel unlike myself. "Well said," he replies still looking at me curiously. "My real name is Peter but my older brother couldn't pronounce his "r"s when he was younger. The nickname kind of stuck." He pauses before looking me up and down. I blush a little at the intensity of his stare before his eyes rise up to settle on my face again. "I didn't mean to offend you. Katniss is just such an unusual name. I have never come across it before," he says. "It's the name of some edible water potato," Madge chips in, making her way to stand beside me. I cringe as my best friend divulges this piece of information. Most girls are named after pretty flowers such as lilies or roses but my father had to name me after an edible water root. Peeta seems to find this amusing and stands up straighter as he gives me a wide grin. "Well Water Potato, it is nice to meet you. Why don't you lead us all through so we can get this shindig started," he says with a smile. I would be offended by his slight dig at my name if his eyes didn't linger on me for a moment longer than they probably should have. My heart beat picks up again but it has nothing to do with nerves this time. Everyone finds a seat in the living once we have walked through. Madge leaves the seat she had beside me to go and sit next to Gale and I don't miss the look of delight in his eyes when she sits close next to him. This leaves Peeta free to sit down next to me and Delly then squeezes in next to him. With 3 of us sitting on the sofa there isn't a lot of space between us and the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end as Peeta's arm gently brushes against mine before he swings it around the back of the sofa. His left arm rests close to my head and I try to peer at the writing on his arm, curious about what it says. "So how long are you going to be out there?" Darius asks turning to Peeta. "They don't know. They said it could be anything from 2 weeks to 9 months. It is kind of depressing when you pack for 9 months and realise that all your belongings can fit into one large rucksack." Peeta replies. Peeta stops and pauses as the rest of the room nod their head in understanding. I am left completely confused about what he is talking about. Delly must see my confusion because she turns to me and leans across Peeta to speak to me. "Peeta's in the army. His regiment fly out early tomorrow morning," she says filling me in. Realisation washes over me as it all makes sense. But then something else appears in my chest. A hint of disappointment. I quickly push that thought aside. I have known him for all of 15 minutes. I shouldn't be disappointed about him going away. "Hopefully it won't be too long. They just need to give us a job. My commanding officer thinks we will be back for the summer," Peeta adds. I grow curious to know more about his job. I have never met anyone who is part of the armed services