A/N: It's good to be back on Mondays! I've missed posting these last few weeks. This latest adventure will have a bit of a murder mystery vibe alongside all the usual Everlark fluff/angst. Let me know what you think! Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games or any of its characters. Chapter 1 "Would the jury please announce their verdict to the courtroom," Judge Lyme states. The lead juror stands up and I hold my breath. Eight months of hard work comes down to this. My client jiggles her foot up and down from beside me and throws a nervous glance to the man sitting on the other side of the courtroom. The juror finds the judge's stare and speaks confidently when he opens his mouth. "Guilty," the juror states. The defendant slumps his head into his hands and begins uttering a string of curse words. But my colleague, Thom, whoops and turns to hug our stunned looking client. She doesn't respond for a moment but I flash her a smile and she soon comes to her senses and lets herself smile also. Once again I've helped justice succeed. "Owen Cray, you have been found guilty of rape and will return to your cell while you wait for sentencing. Court dismissed," Judge Lyme says. The tall and fierce looking judge gets up to leave. Just before she exits the door, she catches my eye and flashes me a smile. My grin grows wider. Cray gets carted out in handcuffs, cursing and proclaiming his innocence. He calls my client the worst names imaginable. I hate it when they kick up a fuss. It's better to go quietly than lose the last remains of their dignity. But I don't focus on the old creep for long. Bonnie, the client, turns to wrap her arms around me. "Thank you for all your help, Katniss. He wouldn't be in jail if it wasn't for you," she says. "You were the one brave enough to speak up. He can't hurt anyone else because of you," I reply with a smile. "Maybe now I'll be able to get on with my life," she says. I give her arm a reassuring squeeze and Bonnie gives me a forced smile. The worst part of this job is seeing the effects on the victims. Bonnie was only eighteen when she started working at the textile factory Owen Cray owned. With her blonde hair and long lashes she was an instant target for the seedy owner. He cornered her in a store cupboard a few months later and forced himself on her. After she came forward a dozen other girls also stepped up to testify. It has just been proved that Cray took advantage of young girls for the last fifteen years. When we first met Bonnie at the district attorney's office she was afraid of any kind of human touch. The fact she allowed both Thom and I to hug her shows how far she's come already. But there will be demons she will battle for the rest of her life. I worked my hardest these last few months to make sure at least one of those demons is behind bars. Bonnie thanks both Thom and I one more time before heading into the crowd and being enveloped by her family. Her mother's tears stream down her face. Thom turns to me with a triumphant smile and raises his hand for a high five. "Another one safely behind bars. It is days like this that make me feel like a superhero," he declares. I laugh as I gather up our papers and shove them in a bag. Thom joined the district attorney's office four years before I did. For the last five years we have often worked on prosecution cases together and are more successful than we are not. His laidback attitude is the perfect complement to my often obsessive eye for detail. We finish packing up our things and walk out the courtroom so we can head back to the office. Thom pops a bit of chewing gum in his mouth and offers me some, but I decline. "Thank God it's Friday. We can celebrate this win in style," he says. "By celebrating, you mean spending the whole weekend in bed with Delly," I say with a sly smile. Thom flashes me a boyish grin as he shrugs his shoulders. "What can I say? The girl is talented. You wouldn't want to leave a bed with her in it either," he replies. "She's not really my type but you enjoy your weekend," I say. Delly is the voluptuous blonde who answers the phones in the office. All the playful flirting worked and Thom has been head over heels in love with her for the last six months. Thom sometimes forgets I am a girl though and often chats to me like we're in a male locker room. He flashes me another smile as we walk out the building. I pull my coat round me tighter as we are met by the brisk winter air. "I certainly will. Thinking of heading up to her parents' log cabin this weekend. There's nothing better than sex in front of the fireplace. How about you? You got anyone to celebrate with this weekend?" he asks. "Just Prim," I reply. Thom sighs as he rubs his hands together to keep warm. "When was the last time you got any? You never share any dirty secrets at work," Thom whines. "I had sex last month but, unlike you, I don't feel the need to broadcast it to the whole office. I do casual relationships and don't see the point about telling you about a guy I'm not going to see after a couple of months," I reply. "Fair enough. But let me know if you ever want a date. Delly is dying to set you up," Thom says. I sigh and shake my head him. He smiles at me before we reach his car and duck inside. We get pats on the backs at the office and lots of congratulations for putting Cray away. Thom immediately finds Delly and the two of them sneak off to find some private corner to celebrate in. I go through to my office and begin unpacking the papers in my bag. I am already thinking about my next case, a bar assault, when there is a knock on the door. I look up to find Alma Coin standing in my doorway. "Can I come in?" she asks. Alma has been head of Panem's DA office for the last thirteen years. She's in her mid-fifties now and wears her hair in a sharp grey bob. She took me under her wing when I first came here, straight out of law school, and taught me the majority of what I now know. She has a formidable reputation. Absolutely ruthless in the courtroom and more convictions than anyone in the office. "Of course," I say, shuffling some papers on my desk. "Do you want a seat?" Coin smiles at me and shakes her head. She steps into the room and closes the door behind her. "I just wanted to say congratulations on your successful conviction. I witnessed your closing statement yesterday and was very impressed. It was very passionate and I am in no doubt it helped get the guilty verdict," she says. "Thank you. That means a lot coming from you. I've often looked to you for inspiration," I say. "You are very flattering. You have come along way since we hired you. You are only thirty years old but I rate you as one of the best DAs in the office," Coin replies. "I wouldn't say that," I say. "Don't be modest. Modesty will get you nowhere. I can see you are ambitious. You remind me a lot of myself when I was your age," she says. "I want to be the best. I don't like losing," I reply. Coin smiles and nods her head. She takes a few steps forward and picks up the picture of Prim and I on my desk. She looks at it for a moment before looking back at me. "I like what I'm seeing, Katniss. The next big case I get, I'd like you to work with me," she says. I fight hard to not show too much excitement. But my heart jumps for joy and I let a smile cross my face. "It would be an honour," I reply. Coin smiles at me again and puts the picture back on my desk. "I look forward to it. Enjoy your weekend," she says. I nod my head and Coin then sweeps out my office. The door barely closes before I grab my phone and call Prim. I push into the apartment I share with my sister carrying bags of Chinese food. I dump everything on the kitchen table and begin unpacking cardboard cartoons of food. "Prim! I got dinner!" I call. I hear shuffling and bumping in her bedroom and moments later she appears in the kitchen with her boyfriend, Thresh, following closely behind. They are complete opposites to look out. Prim's blonde hair and blue eyes are a complete contrast to Thresh's dark skin and hair. His bulking frame almost dwarfs Prim's petite one and yet the two of them always look perfect together. Prim smiles brightly when she sees me and comes over to help me dish up the Chinese. "Yum. Thank God you got some food. I got a little distracted this afternoon and forgot to get groceries," she says. "So I see," I reply, reaching out to flick the buttons on her shirt. "Your buttons are done up wrong, Prim." Prim looks down and blushes when she sees her buttons mismatched. Her hands move quickly to fix the mistake and Thresh and I both laugh. "Don't worry, babe. Katniss has seen a lot worse," Thresh says. Prim grows an even deeper shade of crimson and I try to forget about the time I walked in on her and Thresh going at it on the kitchen table. There are some things you don't need to see your baby sister doing. Prim finishes fixing her blouse and takes the seat next to Thresh. He laughs again but pulls her chair closer to him so he can place a kiss on her temple. "Just think," he says. "You'll be able to tease Katniss just as much when she gets a boyfriend." Prim snorts and shakes her head. "That's not happening anytime soon," she says. There is a short pause as I take out all the plates for dinner. "Can we please change the subject? We are supposed to be celebrating Katniss' conviction." Thresh and I share a grin but both of us love Prim and do as she asks. "It's the biggest case I've had so far. And that bastard deserved everything he got. I'm just mad that it took fifteen years for someone to be brave enough to speak up. Hearing all those girls' stories was not easy," I reply. Prim nods her head as she begins piling her plate with rice. "We had a rape victim on the maternity ward at the hospital a couple of months ago. I thought it was amazing how resilient she had been to love her baby so much," Prim replies. I nod my head in agreement and Thresh finishes chewing on his bit of meat. "Well, this is cheery Friday night conversation. I'm glad I came over," Thresh says. Prim and I both laugh. "Sorry. I know it's the weekend. I'll try not to bring work into it," I say. "What did you do on your day off, Prim? I mean before Thresh came round." Prim flicks a bit of rice at me and he tries to bite back a laugh. "I went to spin class this morning and met Rue for lunch," she replies. "Oh, and then I met the new guy that's