A/N: It's good to be back with a new story! I hope the intro intrigues people and appreciate any feedback. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games or any of its characters Chapter 1 I push into the small kitchen at the back and flip over my page long list of orders. The heat in the room is already beginning to rise and beads of sweat immediately begin gathering on my forehead. The two chefs, Castor and Bonnie, dart between stations, cutting up fries, flipping burgers and simmering macaroni. They don't stop working as I fire off my list of orders. "Two burgers with everything on it, one stack of pancakes and three meatball sandwiches. Mrs Cartwright has gone dairy free so no cheese or butter in her cheese and pickle sandwich," I bark. Bonnie smirks as she straddles an aisle, attending two pots on opposite sides at the same time. "She does know there is milk in whipped cream? That woman always has a creamy cake in her hand," Bonnie replies. I smile. "I still think this fad will last longer than veganism. She only managed that for two days. But she was always on to a losing battle with that one. Her husband is a cow farmer!" I reply. Both Castor and Bonnie laugh and I pin the latest orders to the board before ducking out the sweltering kitchen and re-entering the diner. I've worked in this small town diner since I was sixteen. Back then I was a fresh-faced waitress, hating the fact that my best friend had suggested I wear roller skates while at work. Over the next twelve years I managed to make myself indispensable to Sae, the owner of the diner, by helping set up and maintaining an electronic card machine and running the popular open mike nights. When Sae retired just over a year ago, she kindly handed the diner over to me. I spend most of my day feeding and listening to the small population of Seam. The lunch time rush is in full swing and the poor waitress scurries between the red and black booths with her hair falling out of her ponytail. I give her a sympathetic smile as I walk up to the counter and prepare to serve the patrons there. Haymitch Abernathy sits with his head slumped forwards on to the counter. The smell of white liquor seeps out his body. His long muddy blond hair falls around his face like a curtain and he clutches a small hunting knife in one hand. I lean forward to carefully extract the knife and slam a steaming cup of black coffee in front of him. Haymitch jerks his head back and scowls at me. "Didn't anyone tell you it was dangerous to wake a sleeping lion?" he grumbles. "So I've heard. But I don't think the same phrase applies for a tabby cat," I say with a pointed look. Haymitch grumbles as he wraps his hands around the hot coffee and slurps some of it greedily. However, he then proceeds to burn his tongue. "Fuck, Katniss! That's hot. This needs to come with a health warning!" he exclaims. I push a large glass jar, filled with ones, in front of Haymitch. "That's another dollar for the swear jar," I reply. "This is a family place, Haymitch." Haymitch grumbles again but does dutifully throw in a crumbled dollar note. "I don't know why I bother coming. You always take my cash," he says. "Obviously you come for my winning personality," I say with a grin. Haymitch scoffs and shakes his head. "That and the fact the bar doesn't open until 3pm," he mumbles. He takes hold of his coffee again but drinks it a lot slower this time. I leave him as he starts his cycle of either being hungover or drunk. No amount of company has ever managed to break that cycle for him. Next the baker, Joel, pushes into the diner carrying a tray of leftover cakes. I lick my lips at the sight. "Here's today's helping of slightly stale baked goods. Give them away free to anyone who wants them" he says, placing the tray down on the counter. He then leans in to whisper in my ear. "I did save a white chocolate chip cookie for Ava. I know they are one of her favourites." "I think you may be her favourite person in the whole world. Food is definitely the quickest way to her heart," I reply. "She could help me out in the bakery one day. With all my sons gone it gets a bit lonely," Joel says. "You may live to regret that offer. My daughter is a mini-tornedo!" I say. Joel gives me a broad grin. "At least life is never dull," he replies. I chuckle lightly and then Joel turns to Rooba, the butcher's wife. She sighs heavily as she studies the menu. "Life surely can't be that bad," Joel says. "Here. Have a day old cookie." Joel passes a cookie to Rooba while I pour her a glass of ice tea. But Rooba just sighs again. "A cookie is the last thing I need right now, Joel. Is there anything low fat on the menu?" she asks me, already knowing the answer. "Everything is cooked in grease," I reply with a shake of the head. "I would recommend the salad but the dressing alone is probably close to a thousand calories." Rooba sighs again as she pushes the menu away. "I guess I'll stick with ice tea. I'm trying to watch my weight. I don't want to look like a hippopotamus in a tutu at Bristel's wedding," she says. I shake my head. It's true that Rooba has a few extra pounds around her middle and her breasts are so big that even my dad has been caught staring at them but she's always been like that and I think it adds to her charm. "Nonsense," Joel says. "You were the prettiest girl in our grade at high school and that hasn't changed. If Derek hadn't snapped you up, I would have." I nod my head in agreement. "Joel's right. You looked amazing at the summer carnival this year in that sparkly blue dress. Ava said you looked like Elsa from Frozen . That is the biggest compliment you can get from a five-year-old," I reply. Rooba puts her hand on her chest and looks genuinely touched by what I just said. "She really said that? Bless her little soul. That's made my day, Katniss," she says. I smile warmly back at her and Rooba eyes the menu again. She chews her bottom lip for a moment before slamming her hands down on the counter. "Oh, what the hell! Order me a pulled pork sandwich with a side of macaroni!" she declares. Joel and I give her a big grin and Joel then slaps her on the back. "That's the spirit. Remember, no one in this town judges you for what you eat. Well, apart from judging Mrs Cartwright. Those diets she has are just plain weird," Joel says. Rooba gives him a grateful smile and I jot her order join and send it through to the kitchen. When I come back, one of my best friends pushes into the diner with two little whirlwinds behind her. Madge slumps onto a bar stool, placing her two-year-old son on her lap while her two eldest sons rush between tables firing imaginary guns at each other. "Pow! Pow! You're dead!" her four-year-old son, Aiden shouts. "Whoosh! Whoosh!" his twin brother, Hunter shouts. Aiden stops in the middle of the diner and looks at his brother, confused. Hunter continues to flick his wrists forward and pretends to swing about the room. "That's not the sound of guns!" Aiden exclaims. "I'm not using a gun. I'm Spiderman using my web shooters!" Hunter replies. "That's not fair! You're cheating! Mommy!" Aiden cries. Aiden runs up to Madge and flings his arms around her legs before he starts wailing about his brother. Madge lets out a weary sigh and then turns to face her eldest son. "If you play nicely with your brother I'll get you an ice-cream sundae," she says. Aiden's tears stop immediately and he scampers off to play with Hunter without another word. Madge sighs as she turns back to me. "Don't have another kid, Katniss. I hear them bickering in my sleep," she says. I laugh as I go to pour her some tea but she stops me and shakes her head. "Can I actually have some ginger beer. Feeling pretty nauseous today," she says, rubbing her stomach. I raise my eyebrow at her as I get the cool refreshment. Madge catches my look and nods her head in confirmation. "Gale's got me pregnant again," she says. "I want to say congratulations but I'm not sure you want to hear that," I reply. Madge and Gale were those childhood sweethearts everyone had at high school. The ones that got together as soon as they became teenagers and every other couple inspired to be. Everyone in the town knew they would get married and have kids but Madge has found out the reality of the situation isn't always as fun as it sounds. "I don't even know how it happened! I was on the pill! But apparently Gale has some super sperm that can fertilise me not matter what!" Madge exclaims. "Oh God! He's going to get an even bigger headed after this!" I reply. "It's alright for him. He doesn't have to push the thing out of his vagina. Or get the heart burn and morning sickness. But as long as he gets enough for his baseball team," she says. Madge shakes her head as she sips at the ginger beer. Her youngest son, Dylan, gurgles in her lap and tries to reach for her glass. Madge pushes the glass out of his reach and smooths his blond curls before placing a kiss on his head. I smile at the sight. Madge may complain about her kids a lot but she loves them more than anything in the world. Rooba watches the whole interaction and smiles sympathetically at Madge. "I remember what it's like. I used to lock myself in the bathroom just so I could get a minute's silence," she says. Madge nods her head in understanding. "I can't wait for the little terrors to start school so I have two less to deal with during the day," Madge replies. "I can take the twins for you this afternoon. They can help me take the dogs for a walk," Rooba says. Relief floods Madge's features. "That would be so good, Rooba. This fourth baby is tiring me out," she says, rubbing her stomach. "And bring them to the park later. Ava and I are meeting Prim there this afternoon," I say. Tears begin to gather in Madge's eyes and she reaches out to take my hand. "Thank you. I'll return the favour and have Ava one day," she says. "You know I don't like to share her," I reply with a grin. Madge laughs and Dylan turns his head to her with a toothy smile. Madge smiles back at him before bending down to rub their noses together. Dylan shrieks with laughter and I smile before turning to get back to work. I go back to the kitchen and the radio is on when I enter. The local news bulletin rings out through the room. " And there has been another bank robbery in Hob. This is latest in a series of bank robberies that date back to 2008. The police still have no suspects but speculate that there are two rival gangs involved." I stride over to the radio and abruptly change the station. Some bouncy pop music begins to fill the room instead and Bonnie and Castor turn to me. I ignore them and busy myself filling up the dishwasher.