A/N: This is my newest story and is loosely based on the film The Wedding Date. It will be told completely from Katniss's POV. I have the next chapter written so should be posting that in a couple of days and hope to update every Monday after that. Hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger games or any of its characters. Chapter 1 6 weeks to go…. I can't seem to sit still. I twiddle with the silver watch on my wrist. I untie and retie my hair into a braid. My foot taps nervously on the ground. Boggs called me to his office 15 minutes ago. I hate having to wait. I just want to know if I have got the promotion I have worked so hard to get. I have been working at Panem County Forestry and Parks Commission since I graduated from college 6 years ago. I had interned for them during my senior year and was delighted when they decided to give me a full time job once I graduated. It is pretty much my dream job. I have always loved the outdoors ever since my dad took me on a camping trip aged 5. I was just in awe of the tranquilly and mystery of the places hardly touched by man. I have always been a bit of a tomboy and love spending weekends hunting on my Grandfather's estate. I hate being cooped up for hours on end. With this job I get to spend lots of time in the outdoor spaces I love. At first I was just an assistant who made all the coffee, but soon my passion and dedication for preserving our natural areas became evident and I have moved quickly up the ranks. This has lead to where I am today, sitting outside Boggs's office waiting to discover if I am to become the new Head of Recreational Parks. This promotion would put me in charge of all operations and projects in the town's public parks. I would be in charge of overseeing all maintenance, regeneration and promotion projects. It would be a lot of work and at 28 I would be one of the youngest people to hold the position, but it is a challenge I am more than willing to take on. As I wait I fret about how my interview went 2 days ago. Maybe I should have spent less time talking about ways to attract people to the parks and more time on how I would maintain them. What if I came across as desperate, too over keen? I shake my head to try and rid these thoughts. It's done now. There is nothing I can do about it now. I have worked my ass off to get here. After the heartache after college graduation I have focused on nothing else but work. My social life has suffered a little as a result but it will be worth it if I get this job. I know I am the best person for it. I deserve it. Boggs's secretary, to me left, clears her throat. "Mr Boggs is ready to see you now," she states. I take a deep breath, nod my head at her and try to compose myself. I get up and enter the office as calmly as I can. I sit in the chair opposite Boggs, hoping I don't look too nervous. Boggs has been one of the longest serving employees at the Commission. He, like me, came straight out of college and by now is in his early 50's. He has an almost military look about him with closely cropped grey hair and still muscular body. Some people find him a bit stern but I have never had a problem with him. We have a mutual understanding and respect for each other, probably due to both our devotion to this company. I look at him nervously, trying to gage my fate by searching his features. However he gives away nothing. He is blank. "Well Miss Everdeen, you have been a very loyal and valued employee for us over the last few years. Your enthusiasm and hard work is hard to match. Frankly there was no decision to be made. We would be fools not to promote you," he says. My rapidly beating heart slows as I let his words sink in. "Does that mean I have got the job?" I ask desperately hoping I have not misunderstood his comment. "Absolutely Miss Everdeen. You start your new position in 4 weeks," he replies with a small smile. Relief followed by excitement rushes through me and I have to restrain myself from lunging across the desk and hugging him. I swear the smile on my face can be seen all the way from the moon. "Thank you so much! You won't regret this decision. I won't let you down," I say gratefully. Boggs gives me a warm smile before clasping my hand in his. "I have no doubt that you will do a great job. Make sure you enjoy yourself tonight, you have a lot of hard work ahead of you," he says while shaking my hand. "I will," I reply as I try to contain my excitement until I get outside the building. "Thank you so much again for this opportunity." Boggs ushers me out the door while I continue to grin like an idiot. All my hard work has paid off. He is right. I need to celebrate this tonight. 40 minutes later I push open the heavy metal door to my large loft apartment that I share with my best friend, Madge. I clutch a bottle of champagne under one arm as I place the rest of my stuff on the nearby kitchen table. Madge must be in her room as the living area is empty when I enter. However the sound of my arrival is enough to draw her out and she stares at me expectantly when she enters. "How did it go?" she asks curiously. Unable to hide my excitement any longer I break into a large grin and pull out the champagne bottle from behind my back. "I got the job!" I exclaim as I let my excitement bubble over. Madge's eyes widen in delight and she too breaks into a big grin before making her way over to me to give me a massive bear hug. "Congratulations! I knew you would get it!" she says as I return her embrace. I thank her as we break apart and pull out 2 glasses for the champagne. I pop open the bottle and pour the drink, careful to not spill the fizzy bubbles, and hand a glass to Madge. "To you and your new job!" she exclaims raising her glass and clinking it with mine. We both take a sip and I savour the taste of the sweet bubbles fizzing in my mouth. Madge looks thoughtful as she puts her glass down. "We have to go out and celebrate tonight. You know Johanna will kill you if we don't," she says. I nod my head in response. I don't normally like going out to bars and getting drunk. There is normally work that needs to be done and I don't see the point of making yourself ill in an effort to have a good time. However tonight I am in the mood to let loose a little bit. I am way too excited to stay in. "Definitely," I state. Madge squeals as she jumps on me. I laugh at her enthusiasm. "Great! I'm calling Johanna and Delly. It's been too long!" she shrieks before darting off to grab her phone. I continue to smile. I want to have fun tonight. Madge and I have been best friends ever since I can remember. We grew up next door to each other and our parents were friends in high school. We grew up hopping between each other's houses and we bonded over a shared love for the outdoors and music. As children we were often found shooting arrows at targets or performing duets in my family's basement. She is as close as a sister to me. It was only natural that we moved in together during college. We have been living together since sophomore year and, if it is even possible, we have become even closer. She is the only person outside my family that I truly trust. However I don't know how much longer our current living arrangement is going to last. Things are getting serious with Madge's boyfriend, Thom. I suspect that it won't be long before he asks her to move in with him. I really like Thom and he makes Madge really happy but I am not looking forward to the day he takes her away. It was hard enough when they first began dating. It was the first time I really had to share Madge. We spent so much time together it was difficult when she started to spend more time with Thom. However she is really good at splitting her time between the two of us and deep down I know she is not one of those girls who forgets about her friends just because she has a boyfriend. The only other friend we still have from high school is Delly. Madge and I weren't popular in school, mainly due to our quiet nature and our aversion to the mall. However, although among the popular crowd, Delly is one of those people who is nice to everyone and would always say hi to us if she passed us in the corridor. We became really good friends after she was partnered with Madge in a science project. We just couldn't shake her after that. She would stop and chat to us as if we had all been best friends since kindergarten. It turns out she had always admired our couldn't care less attitude and we enjoyed the new dynamic she gave our group. Madge and I became a bit more outgoing as a result of our friendship with her. Our other close friend is Johanna. We met her in dorms in college. She was roommates with Delly and at first even the ever friendly Delly found her too much. She's pretty loud and unpredictable, but in time we found we had a lot in common with her. She had a shared interest of hunting and other outdoor activities and she soon joined us on our expeditions to the woods. She still tries to intimidate Delly but Delly has got a lot better at fighting back and many of their interactions are quite amusing. I realise that we all haven't all got together in a long time. This is mainly my fault as I have been so caught up in work and this promotion. A girls night out is long overdue. Madge comes back through stating we are meeting the girls in an hour before she drags me through to her room to get ready. Apparently I have the wardrobe of a 40 year old spinster. What seems like hours later and having been poked and prodded by a range of brushes, I stand in front of Madge's full length mirror in a long sleeved, black lace dress. Madge continues to put the finishing touches to my dark hair, curling strands around my face. I don't normally like dressing up and my wardrobe consists of mainly jeans and t-shirts but I feel good in this dress. It doesn't put too much on show and I come across classy and elegant. However I don't know if I will be able to maintain this image if I am going out with Johanna tonight. "Thanks Madge. You've made me look great," I say turning back to look at her. Madge smiles back at me. "No problem, but you don't realise how attractive you are. If you spent less time in your dull work clothes the guys would be falling