A/N: I'm back on Mondays! Excited to share my latest story with you all. It is going to be a long road for Everlark in this story but they are very much the end goal even if things do not start well for them in this story. I hope you enjoy it. As always I do not own the Hunger Games or any of its characters. Chapter One Katniss I reach into Ivy's car seat and adjust her blanket to make sure she is comfortable. I fuss over her socks and smooth down her dark hair as she sleeps peacefully in the small café. She is only 4 days old but my heart is already bursting for love for her. My love for her is even greater than I have for my little sister Prim. She has tethered her heart to mine. I know I will do anything to protect her and ensure she is happy. I have to remind myself that she is why I am doing this. I am doing this for my daughter. To ensure she gets what she deserves. I'm agitated and anxious though as I sit and wait in the cosy café. The café is not one of those up market places that are so common in London and where it costs you £8 for a coffee. It doubles as a book shop and the vintage leather sofas are surrounded by shelves stacked with books. It is reasonably busy with friendly staff that gives the place a nice buzz. But the warm atmosphere is doing nothing to calm my nerves. My foot jiggles on the ground. I braid and unbraid my head. I tuck and untuck Ivy in. I unbuckle and re-buckle my watch strap. I may have initiated this meeting but I don't think I am prepared for it. I order an Earl Grey tea and gulp it down so quickly that I burn my tongue. I place the empty tea cup back down and pour another one. I'll need something in my hands when she arrives. After 15 minutes I finally see her. She steps into the warm café and scans the room cautiously. Only she could look so put together in the middle of a crisis. Her blonde hair has been neatly styled into a high pony tail and she wears a smart, high necked floral dress that shows off her post-pregnancy curves. With her pearl necklace and blue sapphire earrings she looks a bit out of place amongst all the checked shirts and scarves of the hipsters that make up the majority of the customers here. I look down at my own appearance and immediately feel under dressed. With a new born baby she is lucky that I even showered to come and meet her. I wear a baggy green shirt and leggings which I am pretty sure have some spit up after Ivy threw up in the car. But that has always been the difference between Madge and I. She is the polished housewife while I am messy twenty something. Her eyes finally find me amongst the crowd of tables and she stops and freezes for a moment. Then her eyes zone in on Ivy sleeping beside me. Instinctively I reach in to Ivy to nervously tuck her blanket close in around her. This is not going to be any easy conversation. Slowly Madge makes her way over to us and stops at the end of the table. She doesn't look at me. Her eyes have been fixed on Ivy since she has arrived. She stares at my daughter as if she is a hallucination. Like she can't believe she is real. I notice she hasn't brought any of her sons, even if Max is only 5 weeks old. Probably left them with the nanny. I try not to resent her for the fact she has extra help when I have to struggle by on my own. She doesn't say anything for a long time. I look up at her awkwardly and bite my bottom lip. What do you say to the woman whose husband you have been sleeping with? Ivy squirms and stretches her arms out before she lets out a small cry. This startles my attention and I immediately bend over to soothe her. Madge just watches me with shocked eyes as I stroke Ivy's hair and whisper soothing words. Ivy soon stops her mewling and lies quietly staring up at me with her big blue eyes. I smile down at her, momentarily forgetting Madge, as I look at my daughter's adorable face. I don't think I will ever get tired of looking at her. "She has his eyes," Madge states before she pauses. "And his nose." I pull my eyes away from Ivy to look at Madge. I can see the pain in her eyes as she looks down at me with my daughter. I can't imagine what she is going through right now. I still don't know what to say to her. I didn't know what to say to her when I finally called her yesterday and told her the truth. She is the one that wanted to meet today and I am still not sure how she is going to react. I know if I was in her situation I would want to lunge across the table to take a swipe at me. "Do you want anything? I've ordered tea," I say. Madge drags her eyes away from Ivy and takes a deep breath. "Do they have anything stronger?" she asks. I let out an awkward laugh. Madge shakes her head as she finally takes a seat opposite me. "Tea will be fine," she says. She gestures for a waitress to come over and orders a green tea. Once the waitress is gone she resumes her staring at Ivy. "How old is she?" she asks. "She was born on Monday," I reply. Madge lets out a strangled sob. "I assume that's where he was when he said he had that work conference this week," Madge says. I nod my head lamely. Her husband had been there for Ivy's birth. He had been there to hold my hand and cry when our daughter finally made her appearance into the world. "She's only 4 weeks younger than Max. He didn't even have the decency to not sleep with anyone while I was pregnant," she continues bitterly. Max Mellark had been born 4 weeks before his half sister. I had been furious at him when he first told me Madge was pregnant. Ivy's conception wasn't far behind that of his son's. "I didn't plan on getting pregnant. I never wanted children," I reply. Only part of this is true. It's a lie to say the closeness of Max and Ivy's conception is a coincidence but I did never want to have children until I fell pregnant. I had never even wanted to fall in love. My own mum loved my dad deeply and she couldn't cope when he died in a car crash when I was 11. She broke down and now spends her days in a depression clinic. I swore to myself then that I would never get like that. Never love someone so much that they had the power to break me. But then I met Peeta. "But you knew he was married. You work in the office. You knew he had a family. And you still slept with him. How old are you anyway? You look like you have come straight out of school," Madge says. "I'm 24. Heavensbee and Coin has been my first job since leaving university," I reply. Madge sighs and shakes her head. "It's such a cliché. The attractive young accountancy student and the office partner. It's not even original," she says. "How long has it being going on?" I chew on my bottom lip as she waits for me to answer. I can see she is desperately clinging on to the hope that it was just a fling. That our affair meant nothing. "3 years," I admit sheepishly. This shocks her. She had clearly not been expecting the affair to have lasted so long. But it started about 4 months after I started my accountancy traineeship at Heavensbee and Coin. Peeta was the youngest partner at the company and I was instantly taken with him. I had wanted him the moment I saw him. Knowing he was married had only made him more attractive to me. "You must think me so stupid. How could I not know my husband was having an affair? And there I was babbling onto you about pregnancy and childbirth at the Christmas party. The whole time you knew that it was my husband you were sleeping with," she says. I look away from her now. Her last words make me feel guilty. Guilty for having an affair with her husband. "The truth is that I know he has had his affairs in the past. It's not exactly hard to figure out when he comes home smelling of coconut shampoo even though he was supposed to be at a work meeting. No one showers after a work meeting," she says. She takes a pause as she turns to look me straight in the eye. "But I was always content with the knowledge that it was me he came back to. I am his wife. I am the mother of his children. I am the person who puts his dinner on the table every night. Peeta likes the stability of family life. I knew he couldn't let it go. So I turned a blind eye and allowed him to have his fun knowing it would always be me he came back to in the end. But I never imagined this happening" she adds waving her hand at Ivy. I don't know what to say. I know it's true Peeta wouldn't leave her unless forced. He loves his sons too much. But he has another child now. I don't want my daughter to be his little secret. That's why I phoned Madge yesterday and told her the truth about Ivy's paternity. "None have lasted this long. None have resulted in a child," she says. Another pause as she looks at me carefully. I can see the stress in her eyes. This news has devastated her but she is trying desperately hard to keep it together. She knows her marriage hasn't been perfect these last few years but it still hurts her to know she has been betrayed so deeply. "You're in love with him," she states. It is not a question. It is a fact. She can see it on my face. Against all my better judgments I fell for him. I nod my head in confirmation. "Does he love you?" she asks. "Yes," I reply. Part of her breaks now. She hadn't planned for him to have fallen in love with me. She could have forgiven him for everything else but not that. She knows her world is falling apart. She nods her head before taking a deep breath. "I don't think I can forgive this. I don't know why you went after my husband. Though I am well aware of his charm. I suppose you are not the first. Probably not the last. I never imagined he would screw up so badly," she says. The waitress comes back with the tea but Madge just turns it away and gets up to leave. "I don't have anything else to say to you. I don't need any more details about your sordid affair. I have to go home and sort out my family. Find a way to tell my sons that their daddy isn't going to be living with them anymore. This is going to destroy my family," she says. I keep quiet. There is nothing I can say that will make things better for her. Nothing that will stop me looking like a slutty bitch. Madge gathers