A/N: It's time for a new story! This one is very different from the last one but I hope people enjoy it all the same. It is a coming of age story and each chapter title hints at a teenage milestone that Peeta will achieve in each chapter. I'll warn you now, Peeta comes across as a complete square at the beginning, but this just allows his character to grow. Let me know what you think. Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games or any of its characters. Chapter One First Car September The school bell rings at the end of a surprisingly warm September day. There are shouts of delight as the chairs are scrapped back and almost everyone ignores the teacher's calls to get ahead of the work for the year ahead. An excited buzz swirls around the room as plans are made for the weekend. But I carefully pack up my books and make my way to the balding teacher at the front. "That was a great lesson today, sir. I'd be really interested in the extra reading list. I want to have a really full picture of organic chemistry," I say. Mr Latier smiles kindly at me as he shuffles some papers on his desk. He is one of the best teachers at Coriolanus College, the posh all boys boarding school I've attended since I was eleven. He's extremely knowledgeable about chemistry, having studied at Oxford before becoming a teacher, and his passion for the subject shines through in his lessons. Though not everyone finds it as interesting as me. "Don't tell the others, but you have always been my favourite student. Congratulations on becoming Head Boy," Mr Latier says. "I wish everyone was as hardworking as you. Then their fathers wouldn't have to buy them into university. I think you will find some of the research very interesting. I'd love to hear your thoughts." I smile as Mr Latier hands me the list of extra reading. I carefully fold it and place it in one of my poly pockets in my bag. "Thanks a lot, sir. And your secret is safe with me. I won't tell anyone I'm your favourite," I say with a cheeky wink. Mr Latier laughs and then shoos me out the room. "Get out and enjoy the sunshine, Mellark," he says. I smile again before turning to exit the room. My friends wait for me when I leave and Finnick rolls his eyes as I approach. "Don't tell me that you have asked for extra homework already," he says. "It doesn't hurt to get ahead. This is a tough year. I need three As in my A levels to have any chance of getting into Cambridge," I reply. Finnick fakes a yawn as he loosens his tie and slings his maroon blazer over his shoulder. "It's the first week of term. We've got plenty time to catch up," he declares. "I mean this time last week I was on a yacht on the Mediterranean surrounded by beautiful women." I roll my eyes. Finnick's parents are probably the richest out of everyone on campus and live a very extravagant lifestyle. Finnick is always regaling us with tales about parties on private jets and dining with royalty in Monaco. "You got a lot of action then? It looked like you had your pick on Snapchat. I wish I could have got in on it," Marvel says. "Like you know what to do with a girl," Cato replies. "If one comes in a three feet radius you clam up and start doing your Boris Johnson impression." I laugh and Marvel hits Cato on the arm. "Glimmer Heathcote said I was an excellent kisser," Marvel replies defensively. The rest of us all laugh. "Glimmer made out with Washing Machine Mike. Her standards are pretty low," Finnick chortles. Marvel huffs and turns his back to us. Cato and I share a grin before he turns back to face Finnick. "I still can't believe your parents let you have the yacht to yourself. It sounds like a non-stop party," he says. Finnick grins as we turn to walk out into the large school grounds. "I didn't go to sleep for forty-eight hours. The best part was cliff jumping under the moonlight," Finnick replies. Marvel and Cato look impressed but I grow anxious. "Isn't that really dangerous?" I say. Finnick flings his arm around my shoulder and gives me a little shake. "You've got to live a little, Peet. Life's not worth living if you don't take any risks," he replies. Cato and Marvel snigger and I shake my head. We continue to stroll through the luscious grounds of the school. The school has been educating young boys, in the south east of England, for over three hundred years. It is a gothic style building with turrets and arched windows which means it is often compared to Hogwarts in Harry Potter . The grounds are huge with perfectly pruned rose bushes and cherry trees line the pathways and buildings. As it is Friday afternoon many of the boys laze about on the grass or throw rugby balls between them. Finnick raises his arms in the air and breathes in deeply. "This is going to be a great year, lads! We're top of the school and all turn fucking eighteen! The World is our oyster," Finnick declares. We all share a smile. "Fancy a game of cricket to kick the weekend off? Losers have to try and score alcohol later." "Hell yeah!" Cato declares. "Shotgun not with Marvel. I can't get detention again for breaking a window." "That was a fantastic hit! It's not my fault the window got in the way!" Marvel exclaims. Finnick and I snigger. "I think I'm going to pass. I want to write up the notes from Latier's lesson," I say. The rest of my friends look disappointed. "Come on, Peet. Just because you are Head Boy doesn't mean you need to be a pussy. You have plenty of time to colour code your notes later," Finnick replies. I clutch the strap of my bag tighter. It's true that I like to be organised and all my folders have a key inside them to help me sort through my notes. But I would hate to be under prepared. I shake my head at Finnick. "I'll come and join you later. It shouldn't take too long," I reply. Finnick shakes his head and turns away from me. "Whatever, mate. We'll see who else we can round up," Finnick replies. Cato and Marvel smile at me sympathetically and then turn to follow Finnick. I sigh as I watch them go but don't want to be made to feel guilty just because I want to get the best results. I walk back to the dorms and haul my heavy bag on to my desk. Thankfully the dorms are empty due to the good weather so I have peace as I unpack my textbooks. I glance up at the study planner I have pinned to my wall and note I have an hour before I need to meet the Headmaster for tea. I sit down at my desk and pull my notebook towards me, eager to keep on top of things. I never make it to the cricket. Tea with the Headmaster takes longer than I thought and I only have half an hour afterwards before my parents come to pick me up for dinner. Finnick lounges on the bed next to mine when I return and throws a tennis ball up and down in the air. He eyes me warily when I enter. "You missed a good game. Marvel managed to knock Templesmith's hat off the top of his head. He loses the bet for the first person to get detention this term," Finnick says. I laugh. "I'm sorry that I missed it. I can just imagine the look on Templesmith's face," I reply. "He went all red and looked like a constipated pig," Finnick replies with a grin. I laugh again before heading over to my wardrobe to find something suitable to wear for my parents tonight. I pull out a pressed blue shirt and navy tie. "I missed having you on my team," Finnick says. "You and I are the best double act. Cato gets too easily frustrated and throws hissy fits when thing don't go his way." I smile sadly at Finnick. "I'll play next time," I say. Finnick sighs and rolls off the bed. He pats my shoulder on his way out. "There are some things you can't learn from books," he replies. I watch him walk out the room and he shouts loudly to get people's attention. It doesn't take long for a crowd to form around him and plans for the evening begin to be discussed in great depth. I turn away from them as I put on my clothes for the evening. This year is too important to mess up with frivolous distractions. My parents pick me up from school half an hour later. They only live about an hour away from the school and come to see me regularly during the school term. And tomorrow is the school's first rugby match of the season so they've come to spend the weekend here to support me. Mum is as polished as usual in her crisp white designer dress and has her blonde hair pulled back into a bun. Dad smiles warmly at me in his suit and gives me a hug when I greet them. "Good to see you again, son. How's the first week of school been?" he asks. "Interesting. A levels are going to be a lot of work and I have a lot of out of school commitments as well," I reply. Dad nods his head and Mum steps forward to sweep a curl off my face. "You always have this one stubborn curl that refuses to stay in place," she sighs. "Maybe it would be better to cut your hair shorter to avoid it." "That could be a good idea, Mum. I'll think about it," I reply. Mum nods her head before linking her arm through mine. "I know this year is going to be busy for you but Cambridge are not going to accept the average Joe. You need to stand out from the rest," she says. I nod my head in agreement. Mum has always wanted me to study medicine at Cambridge. She expects the best from her sons and she has pushed me all the way to make sure I get the best possible results. My middle brother, Rye, has always resented Mum for this but I have always been happy to comply to her wishes. Cambridge is one of the best universities in the World and anyone would be lucky to get accepted there. "Don't worry, Mum. I've already contacted Sebastian Gloss. He went through the Cambridge interviewing process last year and says he will coach me through it," I reply. Mum gives my arm a little squeeze. "That sounds wonderful. Anything to help you edge out the competition," she says. I smile and nod my head before getting into the car and heading out to the restaurant. We go to the fancy French restaurant in the centre of town and Mum coos over the good service as we are seated. The waiters even place the napkins on our laps and fill our water up without asking. "I feel like royalty every time we come here. Some of the restaurants back home could take tips from this place. Last week Caesar's Kitchen served us white wine in red wine glasses!" Mum exclaims. Dad and I share a grin. Mum lets Dad order for her and the waiter quickly jots down what we want before taking the menus and leaving. Dad turns to me with a warm smile after. "Are you excited about the match tomorrow? I was reading that the team