A/N: Hello! I'm back with my latest story. This one is Romeo and Juliette inspired and is set in a fictional place in the north of England. As I am British myself this story will use British terminology and in particular when I mention that Peeta is a football player I mean a soccer player. I hope this doesn't confuse readers too much. I hope you enjoy it and I'd love to hear your thoughts :) Chapter 1 I stretch my arms out with a yawn before I run a hand through my unruly blonde curls. I rub the sleep out of my eyes as I walk through to the kitchen. The early morning sun streams through the large glass windows that look out over the river, bathing the room in light. My energetic black labrador, Barney, bounds his way over to me wagging his tail and with a roll of my bunched up socks in his mouth. I smile as I bend down to scratch his ears and wish him good morning. One morning hug from my dog and I forget about any sleepiness I have from the night before. "Which of my socks have you found this time? If it another pair of my training socks I swear the boss is going to kill you. The dog ate my socks is becoming a pretty lame excuse," I say as I try to wrangle the socks off Barney. Barney thinks it is a game and bites down on them even harder. I wrestle with him for a few moments on the floor before I eventually manage to yank them free but land on the ground with a soft bump in the process. Thankfully he had found a pair of my regular black socks and I will not have to explain to Haymitch that I have ruined yet another pair of blue training socks. Barney pads his way over to me and sniffs around my face before nuzzling his wet nose against my cheek and sticking out his tongue to lick me. "Okay, okay!" I say gently pushing Barney off me. "I get the hint. Let me get dressed before I take you for a walk." Barney perks up at the word walk and trots off towards the door impatient to get going. I smile and shake my head at him as I get up. I swear that dog knows he has the best of me. 10 minutes later I have thrown on a pair of tracksuit bottoms and polo shirt and clipped on Barney's lead so we can make our way out of our riverside apartment and begin our walk along the river bank. The rain finally seems to be disappearing in the north of England and it is the first time I have been able to walk Barney without a jacket. This early in the morning there are only a few other people out. A couple of runners run past us without a second glance but on the whole I can enjoy this rare warm morning in peace. As Barney drops his nose to the ground to sniff out whatever bit of rubbish grabs his attention today and I enjoy the view of the early morning sun bouncing off the river making it sparkle like diamonds. My eyes drift briefly to the part of the city on the opposite side of the river but I have been taught not to let my gaze linger there for long. The city of Panem expanded rapidly during the industrial revolution. The city is located just south of a large coal field and with the start of the revolution in the late 1700's the demand for coal increased tenfold. Panem was able to capitalise on this demand and the city prospered and grew to become one of the biggest and most important cities in the north of England. However a clear divide between the citizens of Panem arouse depending on which side of the river you lived on. All the mine owners and factory bosses lived on the south side of the river. All the best housing and schools are located there. The miners were left to live on the north side of the river in cramped tenement buildings with crappy sewage systems. The merchants in the south look down on the miners in the north while the miners resent the big wigs in the south. This hatred and resentment towards each other has only grown over the years and been amplified by the two football clubs that are the centre of each community. Panem City was founded by my great-great grandfather in the early 20th century and was the premier football club in the city. However the residents in the north declared that the club was too elitist and pompous for their liking and they decided to rebel against it by founding their own club, Panem United, in the 1920s. Panem United was founded by the Everdeen family, a family of miners that had managed to break the duck and get rich through the invention of a safer coal mining technique. It is no secret that our 2 families hate each other and what they represent and the clubs have one of the oldest and most heated rivalries in English football. I have been taught to hate the Everdeens and United ever since I was born. I have been taught that they are nothing but a bunch of thieving and conniving coal miners who act well above their station. Their underhand tactics and foul play during a football match does nothing to endear them to me. So I flit my eyes back towards the merchant side of town and continue my morning walk with Barney without giving the north side and the Everdeens another thought. I need to be ready for the match tomorrow. On the way back from the walk I stop off in a local café to grab a coffee before I head out for training. The barista smiles at me as he takes my order and I lean back against the counter so I can keep an eye on Barney tied up outside as I wait for it to be prepared. "Good luck with the match tomorrow," the young man says to me as I wait. "Those coal bastards deserve what they have coming to them." I smile at the boy's words. I have been playing professional football for Panem City for the last 5 years. At 22 I am youngest team captain in the Premier League. It is a family tradition of sorts for members of the Mellark family to play for the team. We are groomed to play from an early age and my older brother Rye is also in the team, while my other brother Bran is the team's doctor. Panem City love to keep it in the family. I love the atmosphere around the city during a derby week. All week I have had members of the public and fans come up to me to wish the team good luck and discuss tactics for the game. The royal blue flags of the club fly from countless windows. And this game has added anticipation. United have already won the league cup and knocked us out in the FA cup semis. Going into the last match of the season both teams are tied on 89 points in the league. Whoever wins tomorrow's game will win the Premier League trophy. The whole city buzzes with anticipation and excitement. "We've been hard at training all week to make sure that we beat them. We've been the better team for most of the season. I won't let them walk away with our trophy," I reply. "There will be nothing better than to beat them on the last day and take home that league trophy," an elderly gentleman pipes up from behind me. "I couldn't agree more. I don't want to be the team that has to think about losing to the other for the whole off season," I say. There is a murmuring round the café as more and more people tune in to our conversation and want their opinion heard. "I have a £100 bet with some coal scum at my work. I can't afford for us to lose," someone else says. "Pride in the shirt!" another person declares kissing the badge on his royal blue City strip. I smile and nod my head in agreement at all their responses. There is nothing better than football to bring a group of people together. In this moment I know we are all united with our hatred towards the United football team. I have grown up surrounded by this type of talk and banter. I spent my Saturday's growing up watching City play and being immersed in all the chants. Even as I kid I felt the pride in being part of something big. One day a week half a city comes together to cry and celebrate together. Whatever the result there are people to share your pain or elation with. "I'll see you boys Saturday," I declare as the barista hands me my coffee. "I want to hear you sing tomorrow." The café all cheers in agreement as I smile and walk out the door. I can hear the debates about the game tomorrow spring up round the café as I leave. I smile again. We certainly have passionate fans. I bend down to ruffle Barney's ears and free him from the lamppost he is tethered to. He jumps up at me happy to see me again and I have to watch that I don't spill coffee all down myself. "Watch it boy," I warn him. "Not content with ruining my socks, you now want to ruin my shirts!" Barney continues to jump in front of me as I gather his lead in my hand. As we are about to set off I hear a scuffle from across the street. I look up to see a boy in his teens wearing a red United shirt and a slightly older man shoving the boy in the shoulder. "Did you get lost you fucking prick?" the older man states. "This is City land. Scum like you belong on the other side to the river." I sigh and shake my head at the sight. If you are stupid enough to come to this side of the river at least don't wear a United shirt. You are just asking to be stabbed. Rather than trying to walk away the boy gets up in the man's face and starts making empty threats. I am just about to walk over to break it up when a couple of policemen come over to pry the two men apart. The boy struggles against the arms of the policeman. "Fucking Mercs! Why don't you just all fuck yourselves with your golden dicks!" the boy shouts. I bow and shake my head. The sectarianism in this city is bad. The police have doubled in the street leading up to this match. Scenes like this are a regular occurrence during a derby match week. Red and blue will never get along. I pull up for training in my blue Audi R8 with the roof down and the radio playing softly. A bright orange Lamborghini pulls up beside me blaring out the latest Calvin Harris dance track. I prop my sunglasses on top of my head as I get out the car and pick up my bag. The owner of the Lamborghini jumps out of his car and bounds over to me, plucking the sunglasses off the top of my head and placing them on his own tanned and handsome face. With his sea green eyes and muscular physique he closely resembles a Greek god. "Thanks Peet for letting me borrow your sunglasses. I left mine in Vegas last summer. Haven't had the need to buy new ones since," Finnick says cheekily. I smile and shake my head at him. "You