A/N: As a little Valentine's day treat I've written this outtake from my story Home. It is set before events of that story take place and gives a little glimpse into Everlark's lives before Katniss left Panem. You don't have to have read Home to understand this outtake and I hope many people enjoy it. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games or any of its characters. How can I say no? 3rd October 2004 Peeta grabs my hand as we race round the corner, laughing. Haymitch Abernathy's shouts of annoyance follow us but the old man is too drunk to catch up and ends up tumbling into a bale of hay. We don't stop running though as we leave the old drunk and the sounds of the harvest festival behind. I've already had to endure three hours of this festival and Haymitch's tirade against us is our cue to leave. Peeta keeps hold of my hand until we reach his truck, both of us jumping in and collapsing against the worn leather seats. We're still laughing as we try to regain our breath. "He really hates you for stealing that goose. I don't think I've ever seen him move so fast!" Peeta declares. I turn to Peeta with a glint in my eye as I reveal what I have hidden underneath my arm. "He's gonna be even more mad when he realises I stole his moonshine too," I say with a cheeky grin. I wave the bottle in front of Peeta's face and the liquid sloshes around inside, some of it spilling over the rim of the bottle. Haymitch Abernathy only cares about two things in our small hometown of Panem; his geese and his moonshine. I was already in his bad books after stealing one of his geese and now I have pilfered some of his precious moonshine. I'll be right at the top of his most hated list. Peeta pouts as I take a long sip of the clear liquid and then wipe my mouth roughly with the back of my hand. "Not fair. You know I'm designated driver tonight," he says. I lean back against the seat and turn my head to face my boyfriend. "I might save you some for when you've taken me home," I say, taking another long and purposeful drink. Peeta smiles and shakes his head at me. As much as he would like to join in the fun he would never risk my safety. It's times like this that he acts a lot older than his seventeen years. "Come on. I suppose I better take you away from here. I don't think it's safe for you to be near Abernathy at the moment," he teases. I roll my eyes as Peeta makes sure I'm strapped in and turns the keys in the ignition. Instinctively I lean my head against his shoulder and sigh contentedly as he drives away. Peeta smiles down at me lovingly before turning his eyes back to the road as he navigates his way out of the field. We've been together for three years now and he is still the only person that makes me feel calm in Panem. Most of the time I am desperate to get out of this small Alabama town but whenever I am with Peeta, I can't imagine being anywhere else. Once we've left the fields Peeta clears his throat and I turn my head to look up at him. "All in all I thought the harvest festival wasn't half bad this year. I always enjoy a day where Rye makes a fool of himself," Peeta says with a grin. I roll my eyes as I straighten up to look at him properly. The harvest festival is one of the highlights in our small hometown but when nothing other than farming happens here it's not hard to see why. But the same things happen every year; the local band play the same old country songs, Mr Cray always wins the pie eating contest and one of the teens ends up passed out somewhere in the barn. It's not what I call exciting. "The festival never changes. There's gotta be more out there than barn dances and biggest pumpkin competitions. Wouldn't you like to be part of the tomato throwing festival in Spain or in India for the Holi festival? I'd love to experience something…anything different," I say passionately. Peeta turns to me with a grin. "You'll have to send me a postcard when you go," he says. I sigh as I slouch back against the car seat. I love Peeta but his loyalty to this town is frustrating. There is more to the world than Panem and Alabama. We've been best friends ever since I can remember and there was a time he would follow me anywhere. But as my dreams expand out with the horizons of Panem he seems content to stay behind. "Like I could leave you behind," I mutter as I play with the ends of my hair. Peeta glances over to me and reaches over to give my hand a squeeze. I accept it and relax a little at his touch. Saying anything more will just cause another argument. Instead I change the subject, straightening up in the car seat and pushing aside thoughts of exciting new places. "Can you believe Gale made out with Lorelei? I wish he would open his eyes and see how much Madge is in love with him. He's the reason she got so drunk tonight," I say. My best female friend has been in love with my surly older cousin ever since we entered high school. But Gale is too busy chasing every skirt in Panem to notice my pretty and intelligent friend. Peeta smiles as he nods his head in agreement. "I don't know who is more oblivious, your cousin or my brother. I can't believe Rye broke up with Violet again. All because Mom even dared mention marriage. He spent all night looking lovingly at her. He just needs to grow a pair and accept the fact that he loves her," Peeta replies. "They're both idiots," I agree. "They just need to be more honest about how they feel." Peeta turns to grin at me again and I slide closer to snuggle into him. He wraps his arm around me, keeping one hand on the wheel and placing a kiss on top of my head. "Look at us," I say. "We sound like such a smug married couple." Peeta smiles down at me and tucks a strand of hair behind my ear. "That's because we have the perfect relationship. We don't lie to each other," Peeta says. I laugh as I snuggle in as close as the seatbelt will allow. "We've got it all figured out at seventeen," I say. Peeta gives me the smile that he reserves only for me and my heart flutters. "I love you." "I think you've told me that once or twice," he says jokingly. I pinch him in the side for making a joke when I was trying to be serious. Peeta lets out a little yelp of pain and I look at him expectedly. He finally turns round to face me with a more serious look. "I love you too," he replies. My heart flutters again and I snuggle back into him, now satisfied with his answer. I can't imagine loving anyone more than him. We drive for a while longer until we reach our favourite spot in Panem; the water tower. We've come here since we were eight years old and I dared Peeta to climb it. We may risk our safety every time we climb the rickety metal tower but it has the best view of Panem. It is one of the only places in Panem I feel any sense of calm and it is where we come to escape. It's quiet and beautiful and ours. We both hop out of the truck, Peeta leaving on the headlamps, and walk towards the ladder that takes us to the top. We stop at the bottom and I put my arm out, offering for Peeta to climb up first. "After you," I say with a smile. Peeta raises his eyebrows at me as he shakes his head. He places one hand on a the metal rung and rests a foot against another one. "You just want me to go first so you can check out my ass," he says with a grin. "What can I say? You know I love your ass in those jeans," I say shrugging my shoulder. I then slide in closer to him and smooth down the collar of his denim jacket. "Besides don't try and pretend you wouldn't be looking up my skirt if the situation was reversed." Peeta leans his head in closer to me so that are lips are almost touching and his hand comes up to rest against my hip. His close proximity causes my body to react and my heart begins hammering in my chest as he gives me a cheeky smile. "Gotta take advantage of you wearing a dress. Doesn't happen very often but it sure makes is easier to do naughty things," he says. His hand moves down from my hip until it reaches the end of my floral green dress and slips underneath it. He then skims his hand up my thigh and begins tracing the outline of my underwear. I almost fall into him as the familiar flash of heat appears and my underwear grows damp. I generally only wear dresses when my momma makes me wear them for special occasions, but times like this make me glad she did. I sigh as I wrap an arm around his neck and shift slightly to grant him easier access. However Peeta just grins at me broadly before abruptly removing his hand from underneath my dress. He presses a quick kiss to my lips and then turns to climb the rusty ladder. I sigh in frustration as I look up to see him swiftly climbing up. "Come on slow poke! You're missing out on the great view of my ass!" Peeta declares. I scowl, annoyed that he didn't take things further but then to emphasis his point he wiggles his ass as he climbs and I can't stop the chuckle that leaves from my lips. He can make me laugh so easily and my annoyance disappears as I begin climbing up after him, taking my time to enjoy the view of his ass in those tight fitting jeans. Peeta waits for me at the top with a cheeky smile and I smile as I slide over next to him. I shudder slightly and wrap my arms around myself to try and warm myself up. The harvest festival always marks the start of the colder weather and the nights in particular are quite cool. Peeta notices and removes his denim jacket to place it round my shoulders. I accept it gratefully as I wrap it tightly around my body and snuggle in closer to Peeta. "You'll get cold now," I say as Peeta is left in just a worn white t-shirt. "Good thing I've got you to keep me warm," he says, squeezing me gently and placing a kiss on top of my head. I respond by squeezing him tighter and rubbing my hand up and down his bare arm to try and keep him warm. We are silent as we look out at the thousands of stars that light up the inky night. "This is still the best place to see the stars," I sigh. Peeta smiles and nods. "They're one of my favourite things to look at. I like the thought that there is somebody on the other side of the world looking at the exact same stars. It kinda links everyone together. Languages and traditions may be different but everyone sees the same stars," he replies. I twist my head up