A/N: It feels good to be back with my latest story! I should warn you that this story will deal with some dark emotional matters which may not be easy to read at times but I hope it still keeps you interested anyway. Thanks to my Beta, LavendarVanilla, for her help on getting this chapter ready for you all. Her enthusiasm for this story has really made me excited for the rest of you to read it. Warning: There is some mild violence at the end of this chapter Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games or any of its characters Chapter One Katniss The dusty bar is empty. Sunlight peeks through the cracks in the shutters and creates a striped pattern on the floor. The ancient jukebox stands silent in the corner and the pool table sits like a deserted island in a dark wasteland. The wallpaper is curling and peeling off the walls. Framed photographs of happier times hang on the walls, faded from the exposure to daylight. The chairs and tables all sit empty as the ghosts of previous conversations, arguments and declarations of love float around them. A shiver goes up my spine as I look out onto the lifeless bar. The hour before we open is always the most unsettling time. Eerily quiet and dark. Without noisy patrons to fill the place the decaying nature of the bar is made more obvious. The place is slowly crumbling and threatening to bury the ghosts hidden within. It is the only time I don't like being in the bar alone. But I force myself into the empty space to start my routine for the day. I pull the chairs off the tables and set them out, roll a fresh keg of beer up from the basement and wipe down the counter. This routine is so ingrained into my body that I barely have to think as I go through the chores. Once everything is set up, I go through to the back to find my uncle sprawled and unconscious on the moth eaten couch. His muddy blond hair is plastered along one side of his face and he is drooling down onto his greying beard. His grubby grey shirt is open down the front and reveals his rather unattractive and hairy belly. There is a bottle of whiskey in one hand and a knife in the other. I sigh as I lean over to remove the knife from his grasp. "Uncle Haymitch, it's time to get up. You promised to help out with the bar today," I say, giving him a large nudge in the shoulder. He grunts and rolls over, clutching the whiskey bottle to his chest. I sigh again as I shake my head. I know the bastard can hear me. He's clutching that bottle a little too tightly. But he's been passed out in here for two days now. It's time for him to own up to his responsibilities again. "Uncle Haymitch!" I shout a little louder as I shake his body. He's stubborn though and won't budge from his sleeping position. I let out an exasperated huff as I look around the cluttered room to try and find something to wake him with. As my eyes scan the mess of empty bottles and food packets I spot a jug of water sitting on the table. With a smile I make my way over and bring it back so I am holding it above my uncle's head. "If you don't get up in five seconds, I'm pouring this jug of water over you," I state. I tip the jug forward slightly as I begin counting to five. "One…two…three…" I begin. With each number I tip the jug just that little bit more forward in preparation for giving my uncle a well needed bath. "Four…" I carry on. "Okay! Okay! I'm up! I'm up!" Uncle Haymitch grumbles as he turns round with his hands up in surrender. I smile at him smugly as I pull the jug back and watch him heave himself into a sitting position. He roughly wipes the drool off his face with one hand before taking a swig out of the bottle in the other. "You couldn't just let me sleep, sweetheart," Uncle Haymitch grumbles. I huff again as I shake my head at him. "This is your bar. I'm tired of running it by myself," I reply. Uncle Haymitch squints up at me as he tries to get used to the light in the room. "You just don't like being in the bar by yourself. Too many ghosts," he says. I scowl at him as I cross my arms over my chest. "You're hardly one to talk. You drink yourself into a stupor to forget your ghosts," I snap back. He's already irritating me today. I keep this bar running for him. If it wasn't for me the bar would have fallen into decay and he would most likely be dead in a ditch somewhere. He has no right to slam me for my own painful memories. He senses that he's over stepped the mark and shakes his head. Pushing himself off the couch he stands in front of me and bangs a hand against his chest. A loud belch leaves his lips causing me to crinkle my nose up as the foul smell of alcohol hits my face. "Sorry, kid. Just let me button up my shirt and I'll be right out with you," he says. I raise the jug and pour its contents over his head before he can even look down to do up the first button. The water splashes all down his face and dribbles down his shirt as he looks at me in surprise. "Damn it, Katniss! You said that you weren't going to throw the water over me!" he yells. "That was for the smell. I could smell you all the way from the bar. You are not serving in those clothes. Go take a shower," I reply. Uncle Haymitch grumbles as he pulls off his sodden shirt and discards it on the ground. I stay standing until he makes his way up to the bathroom. Eventually I pick up his shirt and throw it in the washer. I am the one left to pick up his messes. Uncle Haymitch comes down twenty minutes later, his hair still wet from the shower and, at least for now, not smelling of alcohol. He's even managed to find a reasonably clean shirt and a pair of pants without stains on them. It is the most presentable he is ever going to be. Uncle Haymitch has had this bar for the last thirty years. He'll never admit it but he loves this bar. It is a reminder of what he and his wife built together. But he almost let it go to ruin when she died. As soon as I turned twenty-one I took over the bar and made sure he would always have this place to crash at the end of the day. And if I'm honest I need this bar too. It distracts me from the gaping holes that I have in my heart. The bar may be crumbling and out of date but it is the only bar in our small mining town of Seam. Most nights the bar is filled with locals either unwinding after a day spent in the mines or escaping for a few hours from their wives. I know every regular by name and drink order and it's nice to feel like I have some sort of family in the evenings. There is no one waiting for me back at home. Uncle Haymitch is the only real family I have left. My parents were killed in a car crash when I was sixteen. I have no brothers or sisters and I was entrusted in the care of my alcoholic uncle. He also battles demons of lost family and we sought solace from each other as we mourned our loved ones. He may not be much but he made sure there was always dinner on the table and I did my part, hiding the bottles he used in an attempt to forget the past. We may both grumble about each other but we both would be a little lost without the other. Uncle Haymitch pulls out a bottle of vodka as soon as he gets back downstairs. I watch him with a disapproving shake of the head as he fills the glass up and swallows the contents in one go. He bangs the glass down before going to pour another one but I reach over to snatch it out of his hands. "You know, we might actually make a profit if you didn't drink all the stock," I say. Uncle Haymitch leans against the counter as he looks at me. "And you might be more fun if you allowed yourself a drink every now and again," he replies. I sigh as I turn to look at him. "I work in a bar. I see what drink does to people. I don't want to lose myself in it," I say. Uncle Haymitch shakes his head at me before taking a step towards me. He looks at me sadly as he leans in to whisper in my ear. "You've already lost yourself, Katniss," he says. I pull back to look at him and he gives me a sad smile. The use of my real name tells me he is being serious. He obviously believes I'm not myself any longer. We stand staring at each other for a moment before I shake my head and turn away from him. I'm doing fine. I am not as lost as him. The bar is quiet through the afternoon but picks up around 7 o'clock when the miners get in. It's a Friday night so I know we will be busy. I make sure we have enough alcohol upstairs and enough clean glasses to handle the rush. I hardly say two words to Uncle Haymitch throughout the afternoon and he is just fine with that. He's pissed with how I woke him up and I am put out by his suggestion that I have lost myself. I throw him a few angry glares as I see him topping up his own glass more often than the patrons'. It means I am the one left to serve nearly every person in the bar as he stands about laughing with his buddy Chaff. I spend a lot of the day think about pouring all his alcohol away once the bar closes. I am so busy fuming at my uncle that I almost miss the new guy that enters the bar. We don't get many new faces in here so I immediately recognise that he's not from around here. I eye him carefully as he scans the bar before walking up towards Uncle Haymitch. I need to make sure this new guy isn't going to cause trouble. He's good looking, that's for sure. Stocky build, ashy blond hair that falls in waves and a strong jaw. A few of the female patrons turn to appraise him as he walks past. He stops in front of my uncle and orders the cheapest beer we have on draft . Uncle Haymitch eyes him carefully before a smile spreads across his face. "Sorry, can't serve you right now," Uncle Haymitch replies. The man looks confused and turns to look up and down the deserted counter. It's a rare quiet period and there is no one else standing here. "You're not serving anyone else," the man says. Uncle Haymitch just grins again and turns to smile in my direction. "My niece will serve you. Katniss could do with an attractive young man to chat to her. It'll give her self-esteem a boost," he says. The man at least has the decency to blush but I still scowl at my uncle anyway. I don't