A/N: So here's a little bonus surprise for you this week. This is a prequel to my story Cleanse. I thought some people might be interested in how Katniss and Peeta got themselves into such a big mess. You don't have had to read Cleanse to understand this but Cleanse picks up right where this ends. I hope people enjoy it. Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games or any of its characters. Dirty Little Secret I was extremely relieved to finally start my new job the summer after I graduated from uni. It had been a rather taxing summer with a lot of stress and emotional turmoil. My university boyfriend, Gale, had asked me to move in with him after we both graduated. We had been dating for over 2 years by then and he said it was the next logical step. Except that I never wanted to move in with him. I made it clear after our first drunken fumble at a night club that I never wanted a serious relationship. I just wanted someone fun to hang out with and have great sex with. I told him straight out I never wanted marriage, or kids or god forbid love. I had seen how destroyed my mother was after my dad died that I made a vow that I would never let myself love someone that way. I didn't want my whole happiness to depend on another person. I was focused on just being a strong independent woman who didn't need a man to keep her happy. I thought Gale was okay with that. I never told him I loved him and I never held him to all the romantic shit such as Valentine's Day or anniversaries. I was just happy to have a friend that I could fuck. But then we graduated and he told me that he loved me. That it was time to stop screwing around and get serious. We were adults now. We should think about settling down. I walked away after he said that. The 2 months that followed were filled with angry texts, drunk rants and weepy voicemails. He called me a whore and a cold hearted bitch. He cried about why I didn't love him. He declared that I was destined to end up sad and alone. While I just wanted to walk away from it all it seemed that Gale couldn't let it go. But after over 100 unanswered calls he finally got the message and I was glad to start work and put the whole ordeal behind me. I didn't understand why people would willingly allow themselves to fall in love. As Gale proved it only left you broken hearted. I had landed a traineeship at a large accountancy firm in the centre of London. I had always been good with figures and when we got a careers talk on accountancy I knew it was what I wanted to do. Heavensbee and Coin was one of the oldest and most prestigious firms in the country with a reliable reputation and well respected staff. I was delighted to beat out over 150 applicants to get one of the 5 trainee spots. I was looking forward to spending the next 3 years learning the finer points of accountancy and working towards my qualification as a Chartered accountant. On my first day a man in his mid fifties with greying dark hair, stormy grey eyes like my own and a beer belly came and met me and the other 4 students. He introduced himself as Haymitch Abernathy, one of the senior partners and he said that he drew the short straw in showing us round that day. We all followed him like he was the Pied Piper of Hanilem as he started the tour. Everyone was eager to make a good first impression and no one commented on the slight smell of whiskey that seemed to escape from his skin. Mr Abernathy showed us round the office with a bored and disinterested tone. It was clear that he found us an inconvenience and I prayed that I didn't end up in his team. I didn't think his surly attitude was very motivating. He explained that we would all work in teams and report to one line manager and partner. He dropped us off at various teams throughout the tour I was the last one to been dropped off to meet my new team. "Here you are, Sweetheart. Your partner, Peeta Mellark, is out this morning but you will get to meet the golden boy this afternoon," Haymitch said as led me into the room. He scuttled away soon after and I was left with a woman in her late 20's called Annie who had been tasked to show me the ropes. Annie showed me how to log onto the system and how to set up a set of accounts. I was busy inputting numbers into a spreadsheet when he arrived. It turned out Peeta Mellark was a lot younger than I was expecting. Most partners are at least in their 40's but Peeta couldn't be more than 34 or 35. He had ashy blond curls that were neatly trimmed and eyes as blue as sapphires. He wasn't very tall but he had broad shoulders and strong chest. I hadn't anticipated my boss to be attractive. He breezed into the office with a cheery smile and warm welcomes. His eyes scanned the room to see who was in and eventually landed on me. He gave me a big smile, one that was very wide and showed off his perfect set of straight white teeth before he made his way over to introduce himself. "You must be my new student, Katniss Everdeen, right?" he asked. I nodded my head lamely. His smile grew wider. "I'm Peeta Mellark. I'll be your boss for the next 3 years. It is lovely to meet you," he said. He stuck out his hand for me to shake and I accepted it readily. I was not prepared for the unexpected jolt that coursed through my body at his strong and firm handshake. His blue eyes were looking at me with genuine interest and I suddenly got a flash of what it might be like to have his hands gripping me tightly in other places. "Just let me sort myself out and we'll get better acquainted in about 5 minutes. I really hope you enjoy working here," he said. I told him I hoped so too and he gave me another wide smile before disappearing off into his office. I turned to Annie immediately to inquire about my attractive boss. "He's Alma Coin's prodigy. She scouted him right out of the London School of Economics. Only 34 and the youngest partner the firm has ever had. I'll warn you now. He is one of the most charming people you will ever meet. He has brought so many new clients to the firm over the last 10 years. And he is damned good at his job. There is not a safer pair of hands than him," Annie replied. I nodded my head in understanding. Young, driven and charming. That was a dangerous combination. He called me into his office 5 minutes later and asked me to take a seat. He had removed his suit jacket and the sleeves of his shirt had been rolled up to his elbows showing off his very toned forearms. I couldn't help but wonder all that he hid underneath that well fitting suit. He gave me a warm smile as I sat down in front of his desk and waited for me to get comfortable. He had caught my eye the moment I walked into the room and his eyes hadn't moved from my face. Suddenly I was glad that I decided to wear my new blouse and the tightest skirt I owned. "Well I'm here to welcome you properly, Katniss. I am sorry I wasn't here this morning but I had a meeting. I bet it couldn't have been too much fun getting shown around by Haymitch." he said. I laughed. "He wasn't the most receptive host," I replied. Peeta grinned. "No. Charm isn't one of his main qualities but he is still a bloody good accountant," he said. He took a pause before speaking again. His eyes were fixed onto mine "You'll be working underneath me. If you have any needs I expect you to come for me," he said. I was a little shocked by his change of tone. The joking had gone and there was an edge to his words. An edge that hinted at another meaning. He stared at me intently waiting to see my reaction. His stare pierced right through me and I could feel the affect it was having on my underwear. I shifted slightly in my chair and leaned forward so I was closer to him. 2 could play at this game. "I'll make sure you are the first person I come to," I replied emphasising the word come. His smile widened. "Good. I have high standards Katniss. Things might get a bit rough at times. I hope you can keep up," he said with a glint in his eye. My heart began to pound in my chest and the dampness in my underwear grew. I could see his pupils dilating making his eyes almost black. What I would have done to be taken roughly right then and there on his desk. "I like a challenge," I replied calmly. "I bet you do. I look forward to learning all about you, Katniss," he said. I loved the way he said my name. The elongation of the last syllable. Kat- nissss . I swear a shiver went up my spine at the sound of it. From the way he was looking at me I knew he was interested in more than learning about what my favourite colour was. The thrill of having him look at me like that was exhilarating. We exchanged a few more pleasantries and discussed my responsibilities before I got up to leave. As I did I noticed a picture on his desk. The picture showed 2 young and curly blond haired boys. They had big grins and chocolate smeared across their faces. In one corner of the frame a picture of a sleeping new born baby was tucked in on top. I stopped to pick up the picture. "Are these your kids?" I asked. An extremely big and affectionate grin spread across his face as he took the frame off me and stared at the picture lovingly. "Yes. I've got 3 boys. Jaime is 4 and Harry is 2," he said pointing to the picture of the 2 older boys. They had grins just like their father. His finger then moved to point at the sleeping baby. "This one here is my youngest, Charlie. He was born 6 weeks ago. If his screams are anything to go by he is going to be just as rambunctious as his 2 older brothers," Peeta said affectionately. "Your wife must be exhausted running after 3 boys," I replied. It was a test. To see how he would react to the mention of his wife. It was clear he loved his sons. His love for them shone out of his eyes. But he had flirted with me. I was sure I hadn't read him wrong. The smile disappeared from his face and he dragged his eyes from the photos. He looked at me cautiously. "She is. But we can afford a lot of help. She spends a lot of time at her parents," he replied. He eyed me warily to try and gauge my reaction about this bit of information. From the way he spoke I knew his wife wouldn't be a problem. There was a glint in his eye that suggested he got up to all sorts of mischief when she was gone. I smiled thinking about