A/N: This idea for a one shot came after watching Bridge to Terabithia(that movie still makes me cry) and it got me thinking how a boy/girl friendship would change if one of them started dating someone else. This one shot explores the idea of friendships changing once another person has been introduced. I have taken some ideas from Bridge to Terabithia but put Everlark in the centre. I hope you enjoy. They met in science class. Mr Beetee had paired them to be lab partners. I didn't think much of it at the time. There were many classes we didn't share together and I had never paid much thought to who he spoke to when I was not there. I was secure in the knowledge that he would always be there waiting for me at the end of the day. That I was his best friend. But after a few weeks her name kept appearing in our conversations more and more. At first it was just an odd remark about some fascinating bit of knowledge she had on plants. Then it became retellings of something funny she had said. Soon I couldn't get him to shut up about how great the sound of her laugh was, how beautiful she was, how she'd hum when she thought no one was listening. Our evenings in the tree house became a place where he could fill me in about every little detail about her. I had never seen him like this. He was completely smitten. His blues eyes shone and sparkled even more brightly when he talked about her. Her face began to appear in his sketch book more and more. I didn't know how to handle it. It had been just the 2 of us for so long. I didn't know how to react to this intruder in our relationship. I just assumed that it was a crush. He was allowed to have one. He was a 16 year old boy after all. His crush would fade and then things would go back to how they had always been. Just the 2 of us escaping to our sanctuary in the woods. And then he asked her out. I didn't have many friends before I came to District 12. I was the daughter of two writers and spent my days daydreaming of fantastical lands and swashbuckling heroes. My parents only had time for me when they were not writing a book. I had a lot of time to amuse myself. The other kids at school found me too whimsical and strange. They mocked me for my make believe stories and adventures. None of them understood me. I hoped that with a new town and a new school I'd find someone who could share and escape with me into my fantasies. The Mellarks were our neighbours. They lived with their 3 young sons in the farmhouse at the end of our lane. They weren't very rich and their house had tiles missing from the roof and shutters hanging off their hinges. But I was fascinated by the blond haired, blue eyed boy who I spied sneaking into his greenhouse with a flash light in the early hours of the morning. I soon realised that he was like me. He sat alone in class, bullied for being a dreamer and his hand me down sneakers. I often heard his mother ranting at him for spending too much time drawing and not enough time doing chores. I could see in his eyes that he wanted his mother to show him some more motherly love. Just as I wanted my parents to notice me while they were writing. He acted indifferent to me at first. I was a girl to start off with. 8 year old boys were just coming to terms with the fact girls didn't have cooties. And it didn't help that I beat him in a running race on the first day of school. But then he accepted my suggestion to explore the woods behind our houses one day after school. I had always found the woods to be a magical place. With gnarled tree trunks shaped as goblins, murky, babbling brooks and the melodic sounds of song birds even the simplest of minds could imagine they are in an enchanted forest. I raced him to the edge of the forest with my two braids flying behind me until we came to the edge of a trickling stream. A knobbly tree stretched its long branches out over the stream and a rope swing hung from a particularly sturdy branch. I turned to him with an impish grin and dared him to swing across. He was hesitant at first, questioning the strength of the rope but I just rolled my eyes and decided to take the first step. I jumped onto the rope and swung across before he had time to try and convince me otherwise. I landed softly on my feet on the other side and let out a delighted laugh. For a brief moment it had felt like I was flying. Not to be out done by a girl, he caught the rope and swung across, landing a lot more heavily on the ground. He picked himself up and brushed the dirt off his knees. He asked me what would we do next and I just smiled at him before darting off deeper into the woods. He followed closely behind as we rushed through the gently rustling trees. We came to a small clearing where I stopped and spun round with my arms wide open. I looked up into the leafy canopy and watched as the greens above blurred together as one. He stood watching me as I lost myself in the surroundings. I could sense he was a little unsure of me and he stood with his hands stuffed in his short pockets waiting for me to finish. I stopped when I felt something drop on top of my head. I looked down to discover a pine cone at my feet. I touched the spot on my head where I was hit before looking up and scanning the trees to discover my attacker. I spied something small and fluffy jumping from tree to tree as another pine cone was pelted down at us. "Run and hide!" I exclaimed dashing behind a large rock. "The winglemutts are attacking us!" The blond boy looked on at me confused. "Winglemutts?" he inquired. "It's just a squirrel." I shook my head at him from behind my hiding place. "No. They are the evil winglemutts from The Kingdom of Seam. Half squirrel, half dragon, these evil mutts are the foot soldiers of King Coriolanus. They are sent to this magical land to kill the innocent inhabitants of Panem," I said. "Panem?" he asked raising an eye brow. "Yes. The Kingdom of Panem is a magical land that starts just after the stream. It is full of sweet mockingjays whose song is said to be the sweetest sound in all the land. It is said that it can cure any black heart and overcome all evil. That is exactly why the winglemutts have to kill them. They don't want to be cured from their evilness," I replied. I could tell he was still unconvinced. I knew he had it in him to open his eyes and see the things I did. Anyone who doodles as much as he did had the capability to imagine big. I picked up the pine cone and flung it back at the winglemutt. "Take that you evil monster!" I yelled as I threw the pine cone. The winglemutt jumped out the way and I pretended the pine cone had exploded and dramatically fell onto the ground, mimicking being hit by the blast. When I opened my eyes I saw him biting back a laugh. Sensing I was breaking through to him. I got back up and picked up a pine cone up. I walked over to him and handed him the cone. "Close your eyes, but keep your mind wide open," I stated. He looked at me questioningly but did what I said. He took a deep breath as he closed his eyes trying to imagine the things I did. I saw the exact moment he saw what I saw. His whole body relaxed and his eyes fluttered open, now bright with wonderment. He smirked at me and took the pine cone out of my hand. "We need to stock up on grenades. Maybe we can get a few before the trolls come," he stated with a grin. I smiled broadly back at him, ecstatic that he was finally playing along. "Quickly before they get away!" I exclaimed. He smiled at me before we both darted off collecting the fallen pine cones. We threw them up into the trees and hid behind rocks to shield ourselves from the explosions. We spent the afternoon fighting the winglemutts and dodging hideous trolls. At the end of the day we rambled back to our houses breathlessly with scrapes on our knees and mud in our hair. We agreed to do the exact same thing the next day. We developed a routine. Every day after school we would drop our school bags at my gate and rush to our safe haven in the woods. I pretended I was a elfin Princess who was deadly with a bow while he was the master of camouflage. We battled side by side whatever magical creature we had made up that day. A few weeks after we found an abandoned tree house and begun transforming it into our fortress. We rebuilt the roof and he filled the walls with his drawings. We created a flag and flew it proudly above the roof. It became our safe place. A place where we drew up defensive strategies against King Coriolanus's evil mutts and battled our demons. It was a place where we shared our deepest secrets and wildest dreams. Here we could truly be ourselves. At school the bullies still made fun of us. His mother still berated him. I still craved more of my parents' attention. But it no longer mattered. We had each other. And our tree house. Panem became our kingdom. Our bond developed and became rooted in those woods to a point where our lives were deeply interwoven. We did everything together. There was no him without me. And no me without him. He took her for a bike ride and a picnic for their first date. He spent hours meticulously mapping out their route and baking her a copious amount of delicious cakes. I had sat and watched as he worked himself into a tizzy as he tried to plan the perfect date. Being the good friend that I was I helped him decorate the cakes and make the lemonade. I would do anything for him. And if I tried hard enough I could imagine that he was doing all these things for me. I stood watching him cycle down our lane, the massive wicker basket strapped to the back of his bike and a nervous excitement in his eyes. Watching him go made me feel incredibly uneasy. I couldn't shift the feeling that the course of my life had just changed. I went to the tree house while I waited for him to come back from his date. I predicted that he would only be gone a couple of hours. I just had to occupy myself until he came back to me. I was restless in the woods. We so rarely came without the other. I didn't quite know what to do with myself. I tried writing in my notebook, extending our story of the occupation of Panem. I tried to repair the rope ladder to the tree house. I tried swimming in the cool lake. But I couldn't stick at anything for long. I was constantly checking my watch and counting down the minutes to when