Running, the leaves from the forest move noisily from my intrusion but it's nothing compared to the hunters behind me. My pulse is already erratic enough without the added pressure of sprinting for my life. It's crazy what you can pick up in life threatening moments, for instance the smells, the burning of wood is all around me as I try to outrun what I started; what I began, to flush them out, just like the game makers. Even with the burning there's still a smell of fresh wildlife, the trees, the grass the under grow, all of it. They must have heard me, they have to I'm making enough noise but maybe, just maybe they didn't after all they're running for their lives too. That calms my nerves fleetingly, before a new wave of terror rolls in, if they haven't realised I'm here they certainly will when we reach the clearing. I make my decision; I turn left narrowly avoiding a large fir. The direction I'm heading now seems less toxic, there's less fumes from the fire, less flames, the trees pan out they all seem intact , but the snows still melting which means it's near, that I'm still in danger. I carry on, pushing the leaves out of my way, picking myself up each time I fall down. I console myself with the fact that it's not as cold as before. Then suddenly I see a clearing up a head. A large field or something with not a single bush or tree it seems. I run faster, the air thins and the black smoke is left behind me. I break through the trees and bushes to nearly fall into the lake a half metre in front of me, my hands flail about me as I try to catch a branch or stem to stop my fall. I make contact with a vine but it gives and I fall over the edge of the small cliff. My toes graze the surface of the water; I pull them up as close to me as I can while still managing to hold the vine, narrowly avoiding the mutts that inhabit the water underneath as they attempt to attack me. The mutts, like giant overgrown fish with the ability to breathe above water and a longing for human flesh, a tracking system for blood. Deadly, fortunately I had already encountered them less than a week previous, I knew what they were capable of. The mutts started jumping desperate to claim the fresh meat dangling in front of them; one got my ankle and sank their teeth in. There's an almighty scream that has me cowering but I realise it's mine the pain intensifies as rock solid teeth break through the ligaments and cartilage. The darkness brightens, colours formed in my vision and more than once it was white but I forced myself to focus, to shake them off. I succeeded however the mutt did too, at this stage the blood from my ankle was dripping into the water setting them into a frenzy. My time was up, like my father would say 'you have two options, darling, what's it going to be? Sink or Swim?' and just like every other time that question was asked, I find myself with the same answer. Swim, always swim. I grabbed wildly around the tip of the cliff and eventual y found a root of some sort that I could hold onto I yanked on it first to make sure I wouldn't fall to my certain death. It didn't give. Using my upper body strength I pulled up trying to use my one good foot by pushing it against the wall. Sharp breaths and gasps of pain as the mutts' teeth make contact with my useless ankle. I drop the vine and focus all my attention on the root. One last attempt, I just need one, if I fail it's over, I've done my best. But something stirs in me, I can't give up. It's not in my nature to give up. I grab hold of the root tighter than before and pull strongly, my hands slowly inch up the root until I'm completely on the cliffs ages. Panting, gasping for breath and the occasional hiss as I move to better shelter. The snows refreshing now and the freezing soothes the pain in my left ankle. Propped up against a tree I give up on moving and instead I just sit trying to slow my breathing. The snow melts and as I move to push more on my ankle I realise my problem, its slush. I open my eyes glancing around wildly until I chance a look behind the trunk and there it is, the fire forcing its way towards my little haven. I'll have only minutes before the heat and fumes reach me. I rip my coat and tie it extremely tight around my ankle until I can't feel the pain above the added pressure. When that task is done I collapse against the trunk once again and count to ten in my head. A thought occurs to me. This is their fault, my father, my mother, my brothers and sisters. I shouldn't be here, they should. I open my eyes and get to my feet. Nothing's going through my head but yet I thought that. I set my left foot on the ground and wince. No pain, no gain. I chant them four words in my head with every step. It gets easier and I begin a slow run. Skirting the edge of the lake I make my way to the clearing that held the cornucopia. A small splash from the water on my right alerted me to the fact I was being followed, no doubt by the mutts who got a taste for my blood; they were designed to track down and kill when they got someone's blood in their system. The smell of burning still very present now circled the field around me, closing off any chance of escape. Upon entering, one could clearly see the snow turning to slush and the tainted red and pink of blood from fallen and wounded tributes earlier on in the games. I pulled out both my sword and dagger before I made my presence known and ran straight for the opposite side of the cornucopia. I got lucky they had not made it to the clearing but barely a second before I had reached the opposite side did I hear them, coughing and spluttering. "Quick, get more of the weapons; someone's bound to turn up." A gruff voice coughed. I stiffened; he was the one that dealt the final blow to Cade. I didn't dare peek out from my hiding place to see how many there was, they would find me soon enough since all the weapons were on my side of the arena. I stared straight ahead as I listened to scuffling as they slowly made their way over, that's when I noticed him, Hilliard, in the shadows of the burning trees with a cloth over his mouth. He had his trident raised at the ready. I raised my finger to my lips when I was sure he was watching me and raised a trident from the ground in front of me. His nodded his head in agreement. It seemed like we had some appreciation or respect for the other, my money was on him to win. The footsteps got closer but I was no longer in the dark, the shadows from the fire alerted me to their number, four, easily taken out. A cannon shot fired deep in the forest followed by another a few moments later. My plan had worked. They continued their approach and I focused my senses on the person closest to me, District 1. Another step and she was in full view. The trident flew out of my hand before she could even react to my presence. It pierced her, straight through the head. Instant death, the only one I could deal with. A cannon fired signalling her death though blood was still gushing out of her, discolouring the frozen ground around. Instantly, Chayton raised his own sword and aimed a strike at me but I was one step ahead, like always and easily deflected it expecting the blow he was about to go for an under blow when a knife pierced his hand, the weapon falling from his grasp. He cursed and pulled out a trident of his own turning to attack Hilliard leaving me to fight the two remaining tributes, the girl from District 3 and the boy from District 1. Thanks Hilliard, how noble of you, leaves the girl to fight the two masochists. Each with their own style of weapons, I raised my sword and the fight began. I found myself being forced to retreat every so often in the direction of the lake. A direction I was not all that thrilled about. The ground around us changed as a weapons made contact with the intended target sending blood in all direction. I threw small daggers at them at first hitting in the arms and legs mostly, all hitting them causing a good deal of pain and I received winces, hisses and curse after each one. The boy took out a piece of wood from his pocket and threw it in the direction of my head. I tried to duck but wasn't quick enough, it hit me in the nose, resulting in an audible crack and throbbing pain, I felt something else break too. Blood shot out of it like a river. I wiped my sleeve along it but gave up trying to stem it. My sense of smell was cut off. I swung my sword expertly, catching the boy on the leg and forcing it to bend painfully in the opposite direction. A knife shot out of the girl's hand slicing my arm and forcing open the wound I had received on the first day, I ignored it, there were more pressing matters. The metal screeched and scraped as we each attempted to deliver the others ultimate demise. It's amazing how the instinct for survival takes over and I understood how all the tributes could stand in here and deliver the deaths to the others. It was either theirs or yours and very few would openly accept a death without putting up a fight. Besides, it wasn't in my nature to just give up. "Looks like little miss District 2 has some skill." The girl hissed. "Someone didn't want their talent being found out." District 1 grunted, joining in with the taunting. I refused to reply; instead I used their moments of distraction to my advantage delivering each a blow to their abdomen, causing them both to grunt in pain. "You little bitch. Didn't you ever learn to respect your elders?" District 3 growled. I smiled triumphantly. She swung her axe; I ducked instinctively, narrowly missing my head. "Yet she allowed the boy to die for her. What was his name? Oh yeah, Cade." The boy swung his mace and again I only just managed to jump out of the way. These assholes were really starting to get on my nerves. So with a quick flick of my sword I angled the axe in a way that it fell back onto her arm and swiped my dagger from my pocket using the girl as a distraction and lunging for the boy quickly plunging it into his chest. Blood gurgled into his mouth as his lungs filled with blood, until it spewed out uncontrollably. I rolled off him and got to my feet shakily. "Why thank you Miss 2, you just made my job easier. I'll be crowned victor and you will be dead within the hour." That was the final straw for me, how she could pass over death so easily, how she put so much faith in her attack system even though