Summary: Set in the There Be Dragons, Harry Universe, this snippet is meant to be an exploration of the relationship of Hadrian(ACE) and Wikhn(King). It is NOT TBDH canon. Features language, snark and Wikhn + Hadrian being very, very petty. Pairings: Harry Potter x Harry's Bonded Disclaimer: I do not own any Harry Potter anything. That belongs to J.K. Rowling. I just like playing with Harry in my own little world of storyville. I make no money by writing this fanfiction. All original characters are my own. Rating: T/M – Not suitable for children or teens below the age of 16. WARNINGS: Smexy Hints. Slash. Angst. Family. GORE. Blood. OC's. OOCness. TBDH Universe. AU. Other warnings will be added as I see fit. A/N: This is my brain attempting to write something between Hadrian and Wikhn. I was trying to write an Easter fic and this came out instead. Um. OOPS? It's a tad bloody, because this is WIKHN we're talking about and there's a touch of language, because this is HADRIAN, having to deal with WIKHN and they're blunt/rough/dark with each other. I also wanted to try the three-line perspective thing, with Theo/Charlie/Harry glimpses, as they watch Wikhn and Hadrian, with everything playing out. And it's definitely got American spelling/expressions in it, because my brain is fried. Please bear with it! Thanks for reading and your continued support of this dragel-fandom-love-fest ~Scion No one is really sure why it started, because Wikhn is sensitive at best and a downright bastard at worst. Hadrian is a fire-spitting dictator either way and both of them hate to apologize. So. It's no surprise that it drags out for as long as it does, but, quite frankly, no one expected it to be this way. Harry thinks it starts when a sleepy, exhausted Wikhn, drags himself into the kitchen. He's recovering terribly slow from their resting period and Harry's not sure why. He is a bit worried when Wikhn takes the last slice of cinnamon raisin toast and shuffles over to the toaster. Cinnamon-raisin toast is Hadrian's favorite. His absolute favorite. And Wikhn is toasting it. Wikhn who doesn't like raisins or anything else for that matter, in his toast. Either he's lost a bet or he's being nice. Both options are significantly terrifying. It's almost painful to watch his drooping wait until the toaster pops up. Wikhn levitates said toast over to the counter near the different types of butter Quinn has set out. It takes him an extraordinary amount of time to get the whole 'buttering the toast' thing to happen. And then the toast is painstakingly floated into Wikhn's hands, where he shuffles towards the doorway-presumably to wait. Harry watches, cautiously. It doesn't escape his notice that while Wikhn's movements are slow and half-there, he's also perfectly turned out in his new navy shirt, with the ruffled collar and the glittering gems on the shoulders. It buttons beautifully at his slender wrists and tucks quite nicely into his equally slender trousers, highlighting a slim waist and trim figure. In short, lovely. It's a lot of effort, Harry thinks. He hopes it's not wasted. Poor Wikhn is often something of a zombie after resting periods. Preferring to spend the day(or the week!) lazing about in typical fae fashion. He will drink endless pots of tea. Nibble on all sorts of foods and generally curl up like a contented cat in the lap or arms of whichever Bonded will humor him. Generally, most of them will, unless otherwise occupied. A sleepy, cuddly Wikhn is no hardship after all. And most times, the fae is particularly affectionate when half-asleep. This gesture seems angled for the intent of making his 'idiot of an ACE' his personal pillow for a few hours. Harry doesn't think Hadrian will protest, after all-he's given up on understanding their odd relationship and acknowledges that as long as they are fine with it, he'll pretend it makes sense. Even when it doesn't. So Wikhn stands there, awkwardly half-hovering in the doorway, looking as if he's about to fall asleep on his feet, his head faintly tipped to the side, as if listening for something. Quinn taps a spoon against the ceramic teapot at the counter and it draws their attention, in tandem with his mental prods. They hold up fingers in answer, as to how much sugar they want in their respective brews. He'd rather fix them all en masse rather than one of a time-and he's always adding something to the mixture. Invisible fiber. Thin protein. Extra caffeine and even, once, extra chlorophyll. Harry tries not to think of that too much. It's fine until Hadrian rounds the corner at a near run, chasing after a cackling Fred who is holding something that looks like the pair of trousers he should have been wearing. They both collide with Quinn who stepped out into the hallway carry on the long-distance conversation with Dyshoka since this morning. The small serving tray was still in hand, loaded with the promised drinks—coffees, teas and cocoas, but in that instant, Quinn's concentration is only a fraction of what it normally is. He reacts a split-second too late to their presence and everything goes down. In a tangle of legs, arms and yelps, there's an awkward pile on the floor. Of course, that meant things also went flying. Such as the tray. The tray slides and Ethan's spell is a bit late catching up to it. Fred's expression is one of guilty surprise. He hadn't expected that, but he'd only been having a bit of fun. He helps Quinn to his feet, twitching when George appears next to him. Then sudden drop in noise—breakfast chatter—draws his attention. And then Fred is like the rest of them, staring in silent horror as they all take in the shattered teacups and the spilled tea. Shattered teacups. Spilled tea. Among the mess, there's two distinct details. Wikhn's favorite cup. Wikhn's favorite tea. On the floor. ON. The. FLOOR. ON. WIKHN. His pretty navy shirt with the slight circular imprint of a hastily cast shield that—protected Harry—and part of Wikhn's shirt. No one speaks as Wikhn gestures at his shirt, once and then twice—but the cleaning spell doesn't even seem to register. The wet stain remains and Wikhn seems frozen in shock. There is a very long, very awkward, extremely silent pause. Namely, Hadrian has good reflexes-he should have been able to react a bit-faster? Or maybe that was Wikhn. Someone. Anyone. Quinn should've watched where he was going… "... reparo ?" Hadrian offers. He looks just about as surprised to see Wikhn scowling at him as the twins do. There's a round of horrified silence, before Wikhn looks down at the coveted slice of toast in hand. He meets Hadrian's gaze quite steadily and takes a large bite out of the top left corner. Fred chokes. George elbows him. The silence worsens. It's broken when Harry shifts, uncomfortably-drawing their attention to him. He has a feeling something "not-good" is starting here and he doesn't want to be the one to explain it to Theo. Hadrian remains frozen for another beat, then casts an off-handed reparo at the broken shards. The cups reassemble themselves-incorrectly-Wikhn's favorite mug included. Something that might have been a growl, slips through Wikhn's lips. He tears another angry bite out of the slice of toast, before gliding over to Harry and slipping it on his plate. He spits the mouthful out in the garbage can, ignoring Quinn's displeasure. A half-second later, he's stalking out of the kitchen, a heavy tension leaving with him. No one dares to speak for a few minutes. They've all seen the start of Wikhn's temper tantrums before. If they could actually be called that. Normally, it's specific annoyances to his person by two specific people. Hadrian and Fred. Everyone is waiting to see whether the drama will end here or continue on. Harry hopes it ends. He really does have a bad feeling about this. It's only when Hadrian takes a large gulp of his newly restored coffee, that he's sputtering and spitting out something into his napkin-several, fat, unexpected—raisins? There's another pause, this one, significantly more painful than the previous. Hadrian crumples the napkin into a ball and jerks upright from his chair. He stalks out of the kitchen to the curious glances of the Pareya and the worrisome looks from the rest of his Bonded. "This is going to be bad, isn't it?" Charlie ventures. The expression on his face is begging someone to contradict him, because Hadrian and Wikhn's-"fights", for lack of a better term-are hard on everyone and neither is ever willing to give in first. Ethan and George both shoot a look at Fred, trying to guess whether it was the redhead or Hadrian that has ticked Wikhn off. Their dark fae has been moodier than usual, but he's also been practicing quite strenuously for a special series of upcoming duels. Kranten duels. It's taken since last dueling season for him to work up to the level that he's happy with. They've all gamely suffered through his occasional—few that they are—mood swings, from his changed diet and exhausting workouts. Harry sighs. He'll be glad when the duels are over and Wikhn is back to eating, sleeping and working out on a more sane schedule. He also hopes that they are all reading this wrong. Really, really, wrong. But after all this time, he knows better than to think that Charlie is wrong. It continues without pause-when Hadrian takes the last dry towel when they are all in the shared showers. Morning practice has been grueling and unforgivable. They're crowded into their usual spots—with a bit of shuffling, because Wikhn's sharing with their Queen, instead of their ACE. And said ACE is pretending not to notice the obvious snub. Like good Gheyos, the rest of them are pretending not to notice either. But a dry towel warmed and ready, is a nice thing to have. So in retaliation, Wikhn removes the anti-fog charms on the bathroom mirrors and hides Hadrian's shaving toiletries with a notice-me-not spell. The foggy mirrors can't be charmed back and even though Hadrian eventually deigns to let his Prince help, he's not happy about it. They turn out for lunch in a mismatched, disgruntled bunch. Hadrian's patchy scuff isn't as neat as it could be. Wikhn's hair is still wet-and no spell will dry it, for Ethan's tried. Afternoon practice will be deadly and violent today. The other Gheyos are wary and gun-shy. They eat lightly, twitching in their seats-a restless undercurrent of energy keeping them on their toes. They know well enough by now, to stay out of Hadrian's way and leave their fuming ACE to his own devices. They know exceptionally well, to Leave. Wikhn. Alone. Hadrian is growling out orders as he calls them to stand in formation. They're supposed to be working out a new fight plan. Wikhn fairly prowls onto the field, a taunting gleam in his usually pale pink eyes. Pale pink eyes that are swiftly bleeding red as his cursed sword materializes in his hand. He's looking to blow off more than a little steam. "...they're going to kill each other." Harry says, matter-of-factly. Charlie winces. "Probably." Theo rolls his eyes. "Let them." By the time the Gheyos are exhausted-Hadrian and Wikhn look as if they are only just warming up. The others are littered across the training grounds, trying to catch their breath. Their Queen has the presence of mind to shuffle the others somewhere off to the edge of the designated practice area, just as a precaution. It takes a matter of minutes before Wikhn and Hadrian are locked in combat, each of them sporting nasty, bloody wounds, neither inclined to surrender first. They break apart at their Queen's whistle, because the rest of them won't stand for this sort of farce. If the ACE and King want to duke it out, they're