A Road Less Traveled Rating: T for violence and cursing. Disclaimer: I do not own The Lord of the Rings or any of the characters, places, or situations affiliated with it. They are the creation of J.R.R. Tolkien and I have merely borrowed them for my own nefarious purposes. I shall be telling this with a sigh Somewhere ages and ages hence: Two roads diverged in a wood, and I— I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference. -excerpt from "The Road Not Taken" by Robert Frost Chapter One: Of Arrows and Insanity You know, over the years, it has come to my attention that there are simply some things that one shouldn't attempt when one finds one's self in a strange place. Aside from "drink the water," "interact with the locals" is one of those said "some things," and the fact that an arrow hovered approximately an inch from my nose at that moment served quite well to cement that particular impression firmly in my mind. Of course, I'm rather certain that possessing the simple grace to keep my mouth shut upon stumbling into this increasingly foreign world would have proved advantageous. Then again, at first glance, it really didn't seem all that foreign. That is to say, the trees were the same: The surrounding wood consisted of a mix of towering pines, birches, oaks, and various other plants that I had never bothered to learn to distinguish; and the air still carried the heavy scent of loam. Thus, the issue wasn't so much the environment as it was the creatures who presently inhabited it. I suppose that I can't really blame them, though. Really, how would you react if some random weirdo came blundering into your campsite at an ungodly hour of the morning while swearing at the top of her lungs? Certainly paints a pleasant image, doesn't it? And it probably also explained why there was a loaded weapon currently staring me in the face. "Who are you?" Stern and riddled with age, an old man's voice tore my focus away from my assailant, but I caught myself just before I whipped my head around. That was a fortunate thing, too, seeing as any movement on my part was met with an increase in the pressure behind the bowstring while my trigger-happy friend drew it a little farther back. On one hand, one would've thought that it would've occurred to me that it was more than a little odd that this guy had drawn a bow on me in the first place. At that point, however, that little discrepancy was the last thing on my mind: I'd been struck dumb by the mere sight of the being before me. Swallowing roughly, I allowed my gaze to travel slowly across the small expanse that separated me from my so-called "trigger-happy" acquaintance. Wide eyes slid up the arrow shaft and along leanly muscled arms before finally coming to rest on the face of the most striking being I had ever encountered. Long, flaxen hair and finely- chiseled features he possessed: His strong cheekbones, graceful jaw and chin, and elegant brow struck me momentarily dumb. His eyes, though, were the most remarkable part of his visage. They were an incredible shade of blue—like sapphire—and they burned with an unearthly sort of light. He was beautiful: Truly, there was no other word to describe him, though it wasn't a feminine beauty. No, rather, it was exactly the opposite. Even with the golden hair that fell over his shoulders, I could easily tell that he was male. Those glittering blue eyes met mine and, with a start, I realized that I was staring at him like an idiot. My face flaming in embarrassment, I quickly dropped my gaze to my shoes as if the pink and gray New Balance were the most interesting things I had ever seen. In doing so, I ignored the little niggling voice in the back of my mind that inanely noted that the man across from me fell much more so into the category of "intriguing" than did my sneakers. Of course, it might have proven a little easier to admire him had he lowered his bow. Sadly, he didn't seem inclined to do so for the foreseeable future, and I swallowed again in hopes that the voice that had abandoned me would return from its inopportune hiatus. "I bid you, speak quickly," the aged voice called out again. "Your silence does not bode well. Again, I ask, who are you?" The tone held the slightest hint of agitation, and I felt indignation flare up within me. I mean, honestly, I hadn't done anything to him or his companion and I hadn't any intention to, either—unless I was given a good reason. Well, a reason other than the arrow presently poised and ready to skewer me. Now, under normal circumstances, I'm a relatively temperate person. Okay, perhaps that's a little forgiving as I'm quick to anger at times, but those instances are few and far between. Unfortunately for these fellows, the immediate situation was swiftly becoming one of those cases. "Come now. I grow impatient," the old man—or I assumed it was an old man, seeing how I had yet to actually spot him—continued. Heaven forbid , I thought mordantly. And who on earth talks like that? I believe it was this very train of thought that started everything. I hadn't really considered until that precise moment that this was probably the strangest predicament I had ever experienced. There I was, my back against a tree, cornered by a beautiful, bow-wielding man who dressed as though he had fallen out of an Errol Flynn film-granted, Flynn had nothing on him, in my opinion, anyway-; while being verbally harassed by some old geezer. Indeed, if anyone had told me over my morning coffee that I would be subjected to this kind of madness, I likely would have laughed quite loudly in that particular individual's face. And then promptly notified the nearest asylum. Fortunately (for that someone at least) I found myself left completely in the dark and so wondering how in the name of all that is good and green I had ended up in this mess. Needless to say, confusion reigned. "Child…" The hint of agitation in that sage voice had grown into full-fledged annoyance, and I bristled at his tone. I mean, who did he think he was, anyway? At last, I found my voice. "Call off your guard dog and I might oblige you." Good Lord, how I can manage to be both articulate and insulting amazes me sometimes. Really, it does. Okay, so maybe it wasn't the most intelligent thing to say, considering that the alleged "guard dog" stood a good head taller than me and wielded a deadly weapon. What can I say? Living is overrated… Right. The man before me said something in a soft, melodic language that, even to my addled brain, struck me as vaguely familiar, but, for the life of me, I couldn't place where I'd heard it before. Although judging from the scowl that twisted his lips, whatever he'd said most likely wasn't complimentary. All the same, the notion that I had gotten a rise out of him left me feeling strangely satisfied—stupid as that perception might sound. He seemed far too perfect for his own good. Luckily, I was saved from any further foreign oaths when the old man spoke once again; this time in my assailant's strange tongue. "Blondie," as I had taken to calling him in my mind, replied in kind, distrust obvious in his voice. "Stand down, Legolas." The old man slipped back into a tongue I could understand and, even though he'd been less than pleasant thus far, I felt grateful to him, for the bow lowered and my assailant stepped away. Relief was a fleeting emotion, though, as another thought suddenly occurred to me. Wait…did he just call this guy "Legolas?" And that, my friends, is when the shit hit the fan. I just stood there, completely stupefied, before my mouth decided to work of its own accord and dig my hole just a little bit deeper. "Legolas?" The name slipped past my lips as little more than a breathy whisper—in fact, I barely registered that I'd spoken at all—but the words were audible, and "Blondie" whipped around to fix me with a pointed stare. I gazed back numbly as bewilderment flooded my senses. My jaw worked, but no sound escaped my lips as I met his icy stare. I kept up the fish-out-of-water look for a few more seconds before I finally forced my vocal cords to produce some semblance of speech. "No…no way…" With that, I took a fumbling step back and tripped as my heels caught the shallow roots of the tree behind me. I flinched when my back met rough bark. "Legolas," meanwhile, merely watched my display, his face an impassive mask. I gave myself a mental shake. For the first time in my life, I seriously questioned my sanity. Okay, Kel, no more take-out before bed, I told myself somberly and I'd make sure to take stock of that bit of wisdom. That is, assuming that I ever got out of this nightmare; because that's exactly what it was: a nightmare. It's just a dream, Kel. No worries. Liz will wake you up in a few minutes, shouting about being late for class. I took a strange sort of comfort in that idea and drew a calming breath. I'm sorry to say that it didn't help nearly as much as it should have. And, before you ask, yes, I totally ignored that fact that the bark of the tree was rough and cool against my back and the scent of damp earth, burning wood, and cooked meat filled my nose. It's just a dream... Yeah, and who was I trying to kid? My heart still thumping in my chest, I took stock of the clearing, my eyes darting back and forth prior to coming to rest upon a gray-clad figure perched atop what appeared to be a stump. Granted, it could have been a giant toadstool for all I cared at that moment, but that's totally besides the point. Utterly blindsided, I gaped at him. He had to be at least a hundred. A tangled mass of gray hair tumbled well past his stooped shoulders, mixing with the long beard that fell nearly to his waist, and I noted obscurely that he could have tucked it into his belt had he wished. It's funny, isn't it, how the mind strays under stress? All in all, though, the old man fit the description of a wizard to a "T." I had a sneaking suspicion that there was a reason behind that, too, and, growing more unnerved by the second, I ripped my gaze away from him. "You would do well to speak when addressed, girl," "Legolas'" voice tore me from my slightly numb state as my head jerked up harshly and I felt the fire of indignation swell once more. Well, isn't he a right ass ? The thought served to jar me back into a somewhat more stable condition, which, of course, led to my shooting off at the mouth again. "Well, I'd tell you what you'd do well to do, too, but I doubt you'd like it," I spat with much more venom than I thought myself capable. Perhaps whatever strange occurrence had landed me in this mess had temporarily damaged my brain because I think that had I been in the right frame of mind, I might have kept quiet. Sadly, I was neither sane nor silent by that point. Instantly, the arrow returned to its former position: aimed right between my eyes. "Hold your tongue, wench," he hissed. The flame flared. "First, you tell me to speak and now you want me to shut up?" I pointed out