A/N: Hello there. This is my first attempt to write in the Hunger Games fandom and so I would appreciate constructive criticism where needed. This is the story of how Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark grew back together after the rebellion and their return to District Twelve. This type of story has been done before so I'm sure there will be some similarities between mine and other author's versions. However, I hope to keep this as original and canonical as possible. Reviews are ALWAYS appreciated and looked forward to. I love 'em! ;) Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games. All rights go to Suzanne Collins. To Survive Part One: Home Chapter One: Waking Katniss I wake up from my dreams screaming of bombs and fire, mutts and roses. Roses. My stomach clenches to think of the sickly stench of mingled roses and blood coming from President Snow. The paradox those two things represent to me would be comical under different circumstances. The beauty of roses masking the nauseating smell of fresh blood. How fitting that it would be the president of Panem who would be identified with such a combination. Panem itself is just such a paradox. Presented to the rest of the world as a brilliant bastion of lights and technology, progress and prosperity. Roses. But underneath the mask of beauty there was blood, so much blood. For decades, perhaps centuries, the districts were crushed under the iron fist of the Capitol. I think of my father, who was crushed in the coal mines when I was just eleven years old. He was crushed so badly that there was nothing left of him to bury. He was crushed by the Capitol just as all the districts had been since as long as anyone could remember. The Capitol had so much blood on its hands. Blood beneath the roses. And as my mind wanders once more to the thought of roses, my stomach begins to lurch as I remember the brilliant light form the bombs and the noise they made as someone made the decision to drop a bomb on a fourteen year old girl; my sister, Primrose Everdeen. I want to cry. I want to sink down into the couch and never be seen again; to never have to see anything again. The thought of Prim perishing in a cloud of smoke and flame when she didn't even have to be there is just too much. She shouldn't have come to the Capitol; there was no reason for her to go. Who in their right mind would ever send such an innocent child into the front lines of battle where the outcome was almost certain death? It is at that point that the irony begins to sink in for the first time. The only one who could have made that decision was Coin, President of District Thirteen. She's the one who sent my sister to an early grave. After everything that had been done to break free from the Capitol, after all the lengths people had gone through to be different from the people who ruled the country for so long it was the leader of the opposition who ultimately became guilty of the same thing she had accused the Capitol of being so guilty of: Using children as pawns in her games. And that, I suppose, is why I killed her and not Snow. It doesn't matter. I made my decision to shoot President Coin and President Snow had died anyway; either by asphyxiation or by crushing. Either way, they were both dead. And now, sitting here on this couch I begin to wish once again that I had joined the two presidents and simply died. How much easier that would be! If I could just die then I wouldn't have to think about Prim or my mother, who I haven't seen in nearly two months because she can't bring herself to return to the place where she used to have a somewhat "normal" life. I wouldn't have to think about my forced exile in this place where so much of my life was spent in anguish. Of all the punishments they could have imposed on me for assassinating the new president they chose the harshest one of all: Life in District Twelve. Here I have nothing. No father, no mother, no sister; only the memories of the two people I loved the most. Memories of starvation and fear on every Reaping Day; memories of panic and a forced romance to be gawked at by the entire country; memories of finally believing that my nightmare was over, only to be sent back into the Hunger Games where the Capitol was certain that I would die. But no, I was forced to keep living even then. When I was first sent back to Twelve there was almost nothing left from the firebombs that consumed nearly our entire district. Today, some people have come back to rebuild and try to start all over again but it isn't the same. I wouldn't know for sure since I haven't left my house since I got here but how could District Twelve ever be the same after all that happened here? And now the tears come. Tears over all the poor people who died during the attack, who couldn't get out in time. Tears over all the ones who perhaps tried to escape and saw the planes coming in just before they were blown away. There were so many of them. Madge, perhaps the only school friend I ever truly had, who gave me the mockingjay pin on Reaping Day that had become the symbol of the rebellion; she was gone, and her whole family as well. I think of Lady, Prim's pet goat who never stood a chance. The Mellark's, Peeta's father and mother and his older brothers. I remember how Mr. Mellark gave me cookies after I had been Reaped and assured me that he would look after my mother and sister to make sure they were eating. Mr. Mellark had once hoped to marry my mother long ago. He could have harbored resentment against me, the offspring of the man from the Seam who he couldn't compete with. But no. No, he vowed to take care of my family even though I was going in to an arena to kill his son. And at the thought of Peeta Mellark I simply lose it. I can't bear the thought of how he was tortured for months by the Capitol. How the boy with the bread, who saved my life more times than I can count, who loved me unconditionally despite myself, had been forever altered by those twisted Capitol scientists. I knew of course, that Peeta was still alive. But the Peeta I knew, the handsome, thoughtful boy with his winsome words who caused the entire nation to fall in love with him during his interviews, who ensured that I would have sponsors in the 74th Hunger Games by making me seem desirable, who teamed up with the Careers and fought off Cato in order to protect me, to help me win, would never return. No, the Capitol had managed to take him away from me too through their hijacking, the implanting of false memories within his mind that caused him to hate me. I haven't seen Peeta since I had shot Coin. They hadn't allowed me to see him before or after my trial and he has yet to return to District Twelve. I doubt he ever will. I'm vaguely aware of the lightening sky marking the early passage of night to day but I don't care. This day will proceed the same way it has for the last month and a half. Greasy Sae will come over at 8:00 to cook me breakfast and I'll sit there staring blankly at the meal she prepared. She'll tell me that I have to eat and that I ought to take a shower or go hunting, or both. I'll pick at my food and take a few bites to appease her and then she'll leave. Or perhaps she'll do some cleaning since I won't do any myself. Greasy Sae has long since removed any knives, forks, just about anything sharp that was lying around the house out of fear that I might use it to cause some harm to myself. Perhaps Haymitch will stumble over drunk and tell me that I look terrible. When I don't respond he'll stumble out the back door grumbling and cursing about who knows what and I'll just sit on the couch and stare off into space; maybe take a nap and wake up form some other terrifying dream. At 7:00 Greasy Sae will return, maybe with her young granddaughter and cook me dinner. She brings news and the occasional gossip from town. Things like who has moved back to the district or who has moved in from another area. She seems quite interested in this because inter-district travel was forbidden before the rebellion. There's talk of building a new factory in the district that would create jobs and stimulate the economy but I don't care. How could I? I don't need a job; I have more money than I'll ever need and who would hire me anyway? I'm the town lunatic, holed up in her house like some side show. But deep down I wish I could…do what? Talk to someone? Complain to someone? Cry to them? Tell them all my troubles? Perhaps that is what I do need. But who is there? I could talk to Sae of course. She's here every day like clockwork. But could I actually bring myself to speak? There's Haymitch. But he'd probably be passed out or too drunk to be of any comfort anyway. And the thought of Haymitch Abernathy being comforting is laughable even in my deluded state. I haven't answered a single one of my mother's letters or phone calls. I haven't spoken to Dr. Aurelius, the Capitol doctor into whose care I was assigned as part of my treatment and conditions for not being sentenced to prison or death. I should call him. Sae tells me it would help. I think back to a time before all of this mess. Before the war and rebellion, before the Hunger Games. There was a time I carried on somewhat normally. Who did I talk to then? And then my stomach clenches again as I think of his name. Gale Hawthorne. To be honest, I haven't thought about Gale much since returning to Twelve. He and his family managed to make it out of Twelve before the place was bombed and Gale became an integral part of the rebellion. He also might have been the reason my sister was killed, those bombs being very similar to the ones Gale had helped design in District Thirteen. I know he never would have sent Prim into the Capitol and that he had no way of knowing that his creation might be used to snuff out my sister's life; but I can never forgive him for his near indifference to my pain afterwards. What was it he said? "That was the one thing I had going for me. Taking care of your family." I bristle at his self-absorption. How could he be so worried about his romantic standing with me when I had just lost my sister, the entire reason I had volunteered for the Hunger Games and ended up in this mess to begin with? I just wish…and at this point I'm done with wishing. There's nothing realistic to wish for. My family is either dead or never coming back to Twelve, my sanity seems to have perished, my best friend, or so I thought, may have been partially responsible for my sister's death but was too concerned about his own standing to comfort me, and the only person left who I'm sure was always acting in my best