Hey guys! I'm sorry for dropping off the face of the Earth! I have been writing, but I'm just having a really tough time trying to get the words onto paper! I've decided that I should write out the ENTIRE story before I start posting, so that there's not months in between updates. I'm currently about 35,000 words in, and working on it! I figured I'd make a random one-shot so that you guys knew what was happening :) . Oh, and by the way, if you read my last story, A RESTART, and voted on the last chapter, I've decided to pursue writing the first story, so... Yeah. Also, yes I am aware that Halloween isn't for a few more months. Anyways, on with my cute little one-shot (which also took surprisingly long to write :P). "Boo!" "EEK!" It was a gloomy October day in La Push, Washington. As long as the rain held off, it would be a perfect day... for some. For others, not so much. A few months prior, the Chief of the tribe's only son had gotten married. To a white woman none the less. As if him getting married wasn't news enough. Although nobody argued. What could they do? Considering she was protected by nine of the toughest men on the reservation...Yeah, there was nothing they could do. But today was Halloween. In other words, a free-for-all for the nine men mentioned above. Yes, there would be many tricks and treats today for them. And it would all start out this morning to a very unsuspecting Bella Black. "Jacob! You scared me half to death!" The brown haired, doe eyed woman sat up in bed, breathing heavily from the scream she had let out moments before. The large dark-skinned man sitting on the ground next to her was about to pass out from fits of laughter. "Oh my gosh, you should've seen your face!" "Jake, that was not funny!" She pulled the scream mask off of his face and hit him with it. Not that it really did anything because... Oh, yeah. Did I forget to mention that Mr. Black was a werewolf? Oh yes, and the Alpha of his pack to make it even better...Worse? "Hey! That was not nice, Bells." He snatched the mask from her hands, dusting it off dramatically. The small girl just rolled her eyes and swung her legs over the side of the bed. "No, you're right. Because waking someone up by scaring the hell out of them is so much nicer!" "I'm glad that you see my way of thinking, hon'." Both of the young adults stood up and had a squint-off; which if you were watching would be close to comical because the girl was over a foot shorter than the massive shape-shifter. "So Quil and Embry are going to come by later today," Jacob said in the midst of their contest. "Oh, yeah? Why?" "That's confidential." "Are you going to try to give me a heart-attack?" "Pshhhh, noooo," he drawled, unconvincingly. "Uh huh. Well, is Claire at least going to come over with Quil?" (A/N: Claire is Bella's age, and she and Quil are engaged.) "Of course." He grinned mischievously, as if her already had a plan... which he probably did. "Can you at least try not to kill me today?" "No promises," he said with another grin. Bella just sighed and headed for the bathroom to take a shower. Jacob followed her but she put a hand on his chest. "Nope. Not after what you pulled this morning." He gave her his best puppy dog eyes. "Uh uh. It's not going to work, Jake." He started to whine. "Stop it, you overgrown fleabag!" He suddenly growled and jumped at the small girl, lifting her over his shoulder in a fireman's carry. "JACOB BLACK YOU PUT ME RIGHT BACK DOWN THIS INSTANT!" she shouted, pummeling his back with her tiny fists. "Not a chance, Bells," he said with a smile, smacking her butt with his free hand and laughing at her squirming body. After a few minutes of her antics, he set her down on the bathroom counter and spun around to turn on the shower. When he turned back around to face her, she was gone. "Bella?" No answer. "Bells?" Still no answer. Jacob shut off the shower and look in the bedroom. Empty. He went down the stairs to find that the living room was empty as well. He finally went into the kitchen to find it as she left it yesterday. Where did she go? he thought. Meanwhile, said-person was running around in the forest giggling like a goon. She couldn't believe that she had just successfully snuck around Jacob and made it out here! Although she had no real idea where she was going, she knew he would find her eventually, and just that thought was hilarious to her. She stopped running and started to walk, tired from having to sprint away. Suddenly, something cold and wet touched the middle of her back and she shrieked in surprise. She turned around to face whatever had snuck up on her. "Seth! You scared the hell out of me!" Seth whined in response. Sorry. He then cocked his head at her. Why are you here? She looked down at herself. Yeah, she thought, I guess it's a little weird seeing your Alpha's imprint running about the woods laughing hysterically in only her very skimpy summer PJ's (because sleeping with a werewolf was HOT...in both ways...)and unbrushed hair. "It's ok, Seth. Jake pulled a mean Halloween prank on me this morning, so now I'm running away to live in the woods forever." A throaty cackle came from Seth's muzzle as he laughed at the whole prospect of it. He could imagine Jake at home going crazy wondering where she had gone. But he would find her scent going out the door eventually and... Seth had an idea. He lay down on the ground in front of the small brunette and whined at her. "Seth, what are you doing?" she questioned. Seth just whined again and poked her leg with his nose. It then clicked in her mind what Seth wanted her to do. She giggled and climbed onto his back. He stood up and turned his head to the side, flashing her a wolfy grin. Then, without a single warning, he took off, forcing Bella to make a quick grab at his long, sandy fur. Bella squealed in delight at the speed. Jacob used to take her out for rides all of the time, but now that he was Alpha and they both had jobs, they rarely had any time together, much less time to go running for fun through the forest. Being with Seth reminded her of those old times, and she relished in the moment. Seth was having fun, but on the other end he knew he was going to catch hell from his Alpha after he figured out what happened. Although he knew Bella would protect him, once she was gone, all Hades would break loose. But at the moment, the young wolf was just going to go with it and take Bella for a ride on his patrol route. Dude, Jake is going to kill you for this . Jared was running patrols with Seth at the time, and he wanted to watch the train wreck that was bound to happen later. Nah, Bella will skin his hide if he puts one paw on me. Although, Seth did have his doubts. Well, I want to be there for the action. With that, Jared made his way over to where Seth was running farther from the reservation with Bella. Bella looked over at the brown wolf that had pulled up next to Seth. "Hi, Jared!" she shouted, hearing his laugh/cackle in reply. She smiled and buried her face into Seth's fur so the wind didn't whip her eyes. Then Jacob phased in. Have any of you guys seen, Bella? I can't find her anywhere! The terrified voice of their Alpha came through the pack mind and the two pups did their best to guard their thoughts. Uh, nope we haven't seen her. Jared replied coolly. I caught her scent outside of the house and I don't know where she is and I'm freaking out! On one hand, the wolves felt bad for hiding his imprint. He sounded so broken, even in his thoughts. On the other hand, this was way funny. The two wolves were so busy trying to hide their thoughts, that they didn't pay attention to where they were going. They broke through a line of trees and their distraught Alpha was curled up in a ball where Bella had gotten onto Seth. He leaped up at their entrance. Shock, confusion, anger, relief...Sorry; shock, relief, confusion, anger. What the hell is this?! The snarling russet wolf stalked towards the quivering sandy and brown wolves. Bella looked up from Seth's fur. "Seth, what are you- Oh, hey, Jakey!" The petite brunette gave a shining smile at the pissed off canine. Jacob growled in response to her perky attitude. His thoughts were a jumble of ferociousness, and the wolves could barely register anything but protect, imprint, lost, betrayed, Bella, kill, MINE. The only thing stopping Jacob from murdering Seth right there, was that Bella was still on his back and he didn't want to hurt her. "Oh, Jake, don't get your panties in a twist. I was gone for, like, two seconds." The two wolves snorted at her choice of words. Jacob just shot them the death glare. He took another step forwards, and the wolves immediately took a step back in fear. None of them noticed the anger rising in the small girl. The only thing scarier than an angry Jacob, was an angry Bella."JACOB!" All of them jumped at the power coming from such a small girl. " You will not touch a little hair on either one of their skins, do you hear me? It's Halloween and you're not scared of anything except when I'm gone! How else was I supposed to get you back? Plus, I was gone for literally five minutes. This was my idea, and if you punish them in any way for helping me, then I swear to god I won't cook for a week, and I'll use your fur for a rug." The wolf in question lowered his head in acquiescence. A king only bows to his queen. "Are we clear?" Jacob nodded his head, still not looking up at her. Bella slide off of Seth and walked over to him. Seth and Jared left to give the two privacy. She gently weaved her hands into the fur on his head. "Hey," she said softly, trying to tilt his head towards her. "Look at me, Jake." He slowly brought his eyes to hers. "I love you, but you can't be so overprotective. You've gotta let me have a little fun too. Anyways, it's not like Seth and Jared were going to let anything bad happen to me." He knew she was right. He had overreacted. She scratched behind his ear, causing a purr-like sound to come out of his throat. "Let's go home," she whispered. Jacob lowered himself to the ground, and Bella climbed onto his back. She molded into his fur and they started off towards home. ... Claire and Bella were giggling in the kitchen. They were just finishing their Halloween costumes. Rachel, Emily, and Kim would be coming over later to put theirs on. Every year the girls come up with a theme, and this year, they were going with video game characters. Plus, they were all going to go with the sexy versions of the costume for the first time, which they were sure would drive the boys wild. Now, none of them really had the first clue about video games, so they hoped they'd gotten ones that the