"Damnit Haldir! How many times do I have to tell you, NO DYING! Andfor the love of GOD Legolas, stop humping my leg and give me five minutes to get my clothes off and over to the Damn bed!" I shook the oddly humping Elf from my left leg and stormed over to Haldir. I hit him gently on the head and kissed the side of his neck. "You should go home and go to bed." He turned to me mouth agape slighty. "Don't even start with me Haldir, you were with me last night. Tonight is Legolas' night. Don't give me any guff or I will spank you and not in a manner in which you will walk away happily!" I waved my hand menacingly at him and he all but disregarded it. He knocked my hand aside and wrapped himself around me, snuggling his nose deeply into the crook of my neck and swinging back and forth a bit. "I just want to stay with you…" He said nuzzling about. How could I possibly stay angry??? I swatted his butt lightly with one hand and tapped his head with the other. "Get up Haldir, and go home." I kissed his cheek lightly as he pulled away; a sad look in his eye. I knew very well that he was not sad. He was simply disappointed that he wouldn't be getting sex this particular evening. Men… "Ruby are you…" Legolas asked as he walked back into the room to see if I was done changing. "What are you still doing here Haldir?" He stood beside me in a possessive manner and I knew that Haldir needed to leave now before things got heated up. I could see the anger rising in Haldir's eyes. "Ok. Ok. Haldir, really, time to go." I walked over and kissed him on the cheek again and gave him a deep hug. "Come on luv." I took hold of his hand and led him over to the door. "Goodnight Ruby." Haldir kissed me on the forehead and shut the door behind him. "'Bout time." Legolas said, discarding his cloak. "Now. Where was I?" He grinned devilishly at me and started across the room. I wagged my finger at him. "No way I still have to change; and don't give me that look! You can deal!" I walked into the bathroom and began to remove my clothes. "If you change with the door open I cannot guarantee that I will be able to remain on this side of the room." Legolas said shifting back and forth, from foot to foot. "Nice." I said shutting the door. I finished removing my bra and moved on to my pants. Everyone needs time in their lives to reflect upon the day. I was always surrounded… Therefore, I chose this time to do so. I looked in the mirror and wondered: How in the hell had all of this even started. How could one little girl from another dimension cause the generally reserved Elves to act so openly sexual? And even in public. I chuckled lightly to myself as I remembered the first time I had made it to Rivendelle to meet Elrond and the like. I had only been in Middle Earth for about a week and I had a following like never before. The White Queen already hated me and wanted me to die, her husband on the other hand, was contradictorily enthralled by my presence. About half the Elf community of males there are also under some sort of spell seemingly of my doing. Haldir, whom I had literally landed on during my arrival to Middle Earth, had become my devoted follower and shortly after willing slave/ lover. The next day, I had met Legolas and he followed right after me as well. Though there were an innumerable amount of Elves (being the only creatures I had met as of yet…) that wished to be my sexual partner; I had decided that taking on only Haldir and Legolas was the best of ideas. Pulling my shoe off at last I was reminded of how my life had been, at home on "Earth". I had never been a "popular" kid, but not necessarily a social outcast either. I had always managed to make friends with everybody regardless. But there had never been anything overwhelmingly special about me. I was athletic, but not overly. I was decently pretty, but not beautiful. I was a healthy weight, but not skinny. I was by all means an Average person of sorts. But landing here in Middle Earth seemed to have shocked me to my inner core, where supposedly, a tremendous power laid. Whatever sexuality I may have possessed on my home planet was amplified by what could only be described (laughingly by Legolas one evening) as by infinity…. This caused all men around me (or at least 90 thereof) to fall sexually for me instantly, and 100 of the women I come in contact with to loathe me completely. And no, I chuckled to myself, this was no exaggeration. "Are you almost done in there luv? I'm lonely!" Legolas asked knocking lightly on the door. I could see him in my minds eye pacing nervously back and forth in the room in fear that I might never come out of the bathroom and attend to his needs. But what they failed to understand is that I was experiencing the exact same longing for sexual contact. On my home planet, I had been a virgin. By choice mind you! But here… I don't think that I could have remained one if my ever loving life had willed it best it could. So, when I found Haldir, I gave my love willingly. And he subsequently fell in love with me. I may not be the most relationship savvy woman but I am more than capable of noting in both Haldir and Legolas that after the initial sexual act was completed, that the longing and desire that they felt towards me moved to something else. Something that I can only hope, is love. Now don't get me wrong… In no way did they no longer desire me sexually. The same leg humping, crooning, neck kissing, adoration was very much still a part of life for me. "Ruby! Come on! You have been in there way too long!" Legolas cried piercing my thoughts. "You naughty Elf!" I said pounding back on the door. "You will wait as long as I see fit for you to wait!" I could hear him whimper and felt a touch bad for treating him this way. But Lord knows he would ravish me when I made it out there whether it took me ten minutes or an hour. I guess though, that I will have to attend to the rest of this train of thought, at a bit of a later date…. I opened the door and watched as his face flew quickly to a smile. He dove for me and I tried unsuccessfully to block him. He was on me, but thankfully did not drive me into the ground. I had noticed with him that making it to the bed as quickly as possible was the key to not having floor burns on my back…. Haldir was much more slow, with his love making. Not to say that he wasn't equally aggressive; but just to say that he tended to care more for my reactions to his advances while Legolas just cared about attempting to please me without thinking about the individual responses to each of his actions. I know, I know. Who thinks this much during sex? Well, not Legolas…. "I missed you." He said kissing and then licking the crook of my neck. "Missed me?" I said surprised holding onto his shoulders as he continued to favor my neck. "I was gone for mere minutes you fool." He stopped kissing me suddenly. "A minute without you.." I held up a hand. "For the love of everything Legolas, please occupy your mouth elsewhere." I suppose that he misinterpreted this statement as an order rather than a request, because he did busy his mouth elsewhere. He traveled slowly down my neck and across my collarbone. He took hold of the loose night-shirt I had put on and pulled it quickly over my head. "Yerg." I yelped quietly as it roughly bent my nose. Legolas either did not hear me, or simply figured I was ok as I was not crying or hitting him. "I love you Ruby. Your body is incredible." He said licking one of my nipples and taking it into his mouth. As usually his one hand was busily fondling my other breast and his second hand was gripping himself firmly. I don't know where men find the compliments that they do about women. For me, it was almost a turn off to hear a man comment on how "amazing" my body was as I knew it was far from it. But it could be that in his eyes, my body was the epitomeof natural beauty. My large yet firm breasts with large nipples. My long brown hair that only appears so straight because of it's length. My moderate waist, large hips, and muscular thighs. My damaged lip, my gray eyes. Everything that made me who I am, must be what he loves most. I just don't get it. I spent these nineteen years hating it all. Once again, Legolas pulled me from my thoughts though this time I did not object as he slid a hand down and between my thighs. Now on his knees, his mouth was still attached firmly to my breast but the hand that had been occupying my other breast had moved down to grip my hip. And as far as the second hand was concerned I would have been content to allow it to remain there as he pleased, but my brain shot off warning signals when he applied pressure to my hip attempting to coax me to the floor with him. My shoulder blades still hurt from the last time we coupled on the floor… "Legolas my love. This time I shall be on top, and the floor is quite unforgiving." I said petting his face. He looked up at me and then over to the bed as if to contemplate the energy, time, and state of mind it would take to make our way over to the bed. It was all of five feet away. "I do not care. Why can't we do it here?" He reattached his mouth to my breast and I pushed him away. "I will not ask again Legolas. Bed." I pushed his hand off my hip and allowed the other to slide from between my legs as I walked over and sat down on the edge of the bed. "Come to me my pet." I said holding my arms out lovingly. His face gave off a look of hurt, but I knew he just wanted me to come back to him rather than him come to me. He was a bit of a brat in that sense. But he would learn. "Either you come here or I go to sleep. Those are your choices my love." I turned as if to lie down and he sprang up and rushed over. "No! No! I'm sorry! Please don't go to sleep. I'm sorry!" He knelt over me on the bed and kissed my neck and face apologetically. "Ok, ok. I forgive you." Chuckling lightly to myself I took hold of his shoulders and allowed the both of us to fall to the bed as one. Punishment "Good morning pet." I said rubbing my hands up and down Legolas' sides. His eyes cracked open and he groaned. Ever since reaching Middle Earth I have hated sleeping for any length of time. I am to bed early in the morning, and up early as well. I kissed Legolas