Disclaimer- I own nothing. Thank you J K Rowling for creating this amazing and magical world for us. a/n- This is not for the faint of heart. Trigger warns- drug and alcohol addiction. This is a Fleurmione story all the way. If you feel the need to rip my story to shreds, then don't even bother reading it. This is essentially about my life and my struggle to stay sober. I have been sober for 9 years now, but every day is a struggle for me. I had this story just pop into my head and wouldn't let me continue with Friend or foe until it was started. I hope you enjoy. In an upper class neighborhood, at her childhood home Hermione Granger tossed and turned. Just as the pre-dawn light was coming in through her bedroom windows, she sat up screaming. She managed to get a few hours of sleep before the nightmares started. Thankfully, she put charms up so that the neighborhood didn't hear the screams. Slowly the world came into focus and the room stopped spinning. It took her a few minutes to remember where she was. The few moments of relief we quickly wiped away. She was a failure. She may have helped her best friend defeat a mad man, but she didn't protect her parents. The death eaters managed to track them down in Australia. They were tortured, raped, and murdered. The bastards decided to take photos of it all and found a way to send them to her. She broke down at the sight, but couldn't grieve for the loss. They were in the middle of a war. Harry knew she was hurting. He even tried to help. In a way he did. Ron was oblivious to it all, like usual. The best thing he could have done was leave the hunt like he did. It helped her realize that she never cared for him. Sure, they were friends, but that was all. Ron kept trying to ask her in a date, but she would never say yes. There was only one person for her. And that person was married to his brother. Hermione rolled out of the full size bed and stumbled to her feet. She needed a drink. She needed something to take away the pain. She needed something to take away the heartache. She started tossing around the cloths on the floor. What she needed was a fix. There was no way she was going back to sleep tonight. She knew the moment she closed her eyes, she would be right back to Malfoy Manor. She walked over to her desk and poured herself a drink. She sat down and took a sip of whatever it was she chose the night before. She was barely concentrating on what she was doing. She bent her head over the desk and did the first line, throwing her head back as she finished. "How did it come to this" she thought. "Just one more and then I guess I'll head down stairs." One more turned into another, and then another till her whole stash was gone. Hermione finished the glass of scotch and stood to go towards the bathroom. Despite the spinning and dizziness, she managed to get there in one piece. Hermione stood at the sink and just stared into the mirror. She saw the tears begin to swell up and slowly leak over the edge. Suddenly the dizziness turned into her being light headed. She went to turn and tripped over her own feet, causing her to fall and hit her head on the tub. She slowly watched as the blood began to drip down her face. As the world started to become cloudy she heard two voices. "Hermione? Where are you?" She thought she was going crazy when she heard Harry's voice. She heard someone walking up the stairs and a gasp as they looked down the hall into the bathroom. " Hermione! Harry, come quickly!" Hermione saw the outline of a woman with blonde hair and blue eyes, and said, "Are you an angel" before she passed out. In the waiting room at St. Mungo's Harry paced back and forth while Fleur sat in a chair facing to door staring off into space. Neither of them could believe what they found. Hermione was always the sensible one. No one knew her depression was that bad, or even about the drugs. They knew she had trouble sleeping, and that she occasionally would have a drink to help calm her nerves. But she never truly let on that it was that bad for her. They decided not to tell anyone about what happened just yet. The last thing they needed was Molly to be her overbearing self. Hours have passed since they found her. It was luck that Harry placed the alert charm on her. He had a feeling that something was going to happen that night. Fleur has been staying with him ever since her divorce from Bill. It turned out it was just a cover to protect the both of them during the war. Not even the Weasley's knew about the rouse till they announced it at family dinner one Sunday. Unfortunately, Hermione missed that dinner. The more Harry thought about, the more he realized that she was silently calling out for help. Harry was the only person who knew Hermione's secret. He had a feeling that Fleur felt the same way, but was too afraid to admit it. She was afraid that Hermione would just push her away. Fleur may be a veela, but she was still a woman and was worried about rejection like anyone else. A healer wearing green robes suddenly appeared in the door way. "How is she? Can we see her?" Asked Harry. "She was very lucky. If either of you hadn't found her when you did. Well, I don't even want to go there. Are you her family? I can only allow family in to see her." Harry quickly replied, "We are. Her family died during the war. We are all she has left." Harry knew the healer would try to argue, but would eventually give in since he was the hero of the wizarding world. The healer gave a sigh and just shook his head. "Mr. Potter, normally I would not let you in. But seeing as I know who you are and who she is to you, I will allow it. She has a long road of recovery ahead of her and she shouldn't be alone. Is it safe for me to assume that she will be staying with you?" Harry gave a quick nod and said, "Yes. We had her stuff brought over while we were waiting." "Excellent. She will need to see a mind healer a few times a week for a while. The hardest part will be keeping her from drinking and doing those horrible muggle drugs. She was very lucky that I was her healer tonight. I myself am a muggle born, and worked a little in a muggle ED. I will do my best to keep this information from reaching the papers, but make no promises." The healer stopped for a moment to make sure they heard everything he said. "I think that covers everything. If you want, I can show you to her room. I will leave you my card. Please call me if you need anything. You two are the reason I am still alive. It is the least I can do for all you have done and sacrificed." "We would like that. Thank you..." "Healer Fox. But please, call me Henry." The healer motioned for them to follow. Harry was halfway out the door when he realized that Fleur was still sitting. "Fleur? We can go see her now." He walked and gently took her arm to help her stand. She was just as shocked as he was. This was not the Hermione they knew. "Harry, what are we to do?" She quietly asked as the tears she was holding back started to run down her cheeks. "Be there for her Fleur. Just be there." Harry tucked her arm into his and nodded to the healer to start walking. They all walked down to the room in silence. What else could be said? The healer stopped at room number 4131 and said, "We gave her a private room. She should be asleep for the rest of the day. But she is not out the woods yet. The next several hours will be critical. Are you sure you don't want me to contact anyone for you?" "No, but thank you for the offer. Could you please put a restriction on her visitors? We don't want to stress her out. Only myself and Fleur should be the ones to visit." The healer told them not worry about anything and quickly left to talk to the security team. Once the healer left, they moved they situated the chairs on both sides of the bed and did the only thing they could do wait and pray. They sat by Hermione's bed for hours. Each taking turns to grab a bite to eat or a cup of tea, not wanting to leave her alone in case she woke up. Just as the light was fading from the skies, Harry stood up and raised his arms towards the sky to stretch. "I'm going to run and grab a cup of tea, do you want anything?" "Non." Fleur replied. All Harry could get out of her were one word answers. If someone looked at her they only saw a concerned friend. When he looked at her, he saw someone whose heart was being ripped in two. He saw that she felt as if her world was coming to an end. Harry walked over to her and put a hand on her shoulder and tried to comfort her by saying, "She is going to make it through this. Mione is a fighter. Always has been and always will be. We will just need to stand by her and support her like she has for us." Fleur gave his hand a quick squeeze. Before he turned to leave he walked over to Hermione's side and gave her a kiss on the forehead. Before he lifted his head he spoke softly into her ear and said, "We're here for you Mione. You're going to make it through this. Come back to us. We love you." Once Harry left the room Fleur dropped her guard a little. She grabbed Hermione's hand and said, "Hermione, I can't even begin to imagine what you have been through. What you are going through. I'm sorry I have not been there for you. Please come back to us Hermione. You mean the world to Harry. I believe he would be lost without you." Fleur was gently rubbing her thumb over the top of Hermione's hand and fell silent again. How could she put into words what she was feeling? Fleur took several deep breaths to try and gather the courage for what she needed to say. "Oh Hermione, you need to come back to us. I know I said that you mean the world to Harry, but what I didn't tell you is that you mean the world to me. I have so much to tell you. So you see, I need you to come back. I need to tell you that I have loved you since I saw you that first time during the Tri Wizard Tournament. When you showed up at the cottage after… well, after what happened, it nearly broke me. I wanted to take you in my arms and protect you. I still do." Fleur didn't know that Harry was standing in the doorway the entire time. He decided to act like his foot hit the door on his way in so she knew that he was back. "I brought you back a cup of