I wrote and published this story back in 2009. It was removed due to some lemony parts. But I had several fans ask me to rewrite and republish...so I thought why not make the changes I had always wanted to. So here we go. It's AH, Bella/Emmett pairing. CHAPTER 1 BPOV The sun was rising beautifully somewhere close to Seattle as I thought about the last month of my life. It was the end of July, and I was on my way to live with my Dad, Charlie in a small town on the Olympic Peninsula, called Forks. For the last 14 years of my life, I had been a Floridian; my mom Renee and Charlie had divorced when I was 4 and moved us to live near her parents in Jacksonville, Florida. I was 10 years old when she met Phil, they fell in love and were married, Phil came from old money, and had made his own money over the years, and he loved me as if I were his own daughter. They were coming back from a 2 week getaway in Colorado, when they're private plane crashed. Charlie had flown down to help me with the funeral, and to help settle up things in Florida, I was the only "family" Phil had, and he left his entire estate to me, making me a semi-orphan and a millionaire in one day. It was decided that I would spend my senior year with Charlie, and then I was off to college. To say that I was looking forward to Forks would be a lie, it rained there more then any other place in the continental US, and I was used to the sunshine and warmth of Florida. Getting to know my dad better was the shining beacon, we spent 2 weeks together, I went to Forks until I turned 10 and then Charlie would fly and meet me somewhere, and we always went to fun places for our time together, whether it was roaming New York City, or walking the beaches in Ocean City. "Bella, I don't know if I am comfortable with you driving here alone, what if something happens," Charlie said as I was looking at new cars, Renee had bought me a candy apple red ford mustang for my 16th birthday, and I had decided that I was going to trade it in on something a little more appropriate for Forks. "Dad, I am going to be 18, I have the whole trip planned out, I have GPS, AAA, and I will call you everyday and let you know where I am," I really wanted to make this trip, and although I knew he was allowed to be worried, I didn't want to argue with him about it. Charlie flew out the next morning, after making sure I had everything that I needed for my trip, I had to meet with the real estate agent who was going to sell our Florida home, I was keeping the vacation home in the Hamptons and the condo in Aspen for the time being. After a tearful lunch with my friends, I climbed into my new Volvo XC90 SUV, and headed home to Forks. I had planned my trip out to hit a couple different places that I wanted to visit along the way. I arrived in Forks on Friday, August 1st, giving me 2 weeks until I started my Senior year of High School, in a new school full of strangers, what would they think of me, would I fit in? "Bells," Charlie said coming out the door when I was getting out of my car, he ran and gave me a tight hug, Charlie was a man of few words, he went over and grabbed my couple of boxes of memento's that I had brought with me, and carried them into the house. "Here is your room, I had a contractor come and join the two bedrooms together, and build you a bigger closet, and give you a bathroom of your own, its not much but I figured you would like a little more space to spread out in, and some privacy from your dad." He said setting the boxes down. I ran over and hugged him, "It's beautiful Dad, Thank you so much!" He left to let me get settled, and said he would order some dinner. I walked around my new room, the walls were an ocean blue, with cream carpet, the bed was beautiful light colored wood, I could tell that Charlie had tried to bring a little bit of Florida's sunshine and warmth here for me; tears filled my eyes at his generosity. I walked in the closet, there was plenty of room for the clothes that I was going to buy, my Florida clothes had went to Goodwill, because they were to permeable for Forks, I had brought jeans and some other clothes that I knew would be ok, and was going to buy the rest as soon as I got a chance, shopping wasn't my favorite pastime but I didn't hate it. "Do you have everything you need Bells?" Charlie asked when we set down to eat, after the pizza had been delivered. "I need to go get some Forks-Friendly clothing, and I want to get a new computer and some other things, but other then that everything is perfect Dad." I said helping myself to another slice. "Port Angles has some shops but I imagine you would do better in Seattle," he said, I could tell that he was happy to have me here with him. "Dad, although I wish it were under better circumstances, I am very happy to be here with you," I said, just wanting to assure him that I was happy to be here. "Me too Bells, I think that once you get to know some of the kids, you'll feel right at home here, it's a nice little town." Charlie was Police Chief Swan to the local people in Forks. "Dad, would you like to go for a ride with me, and show me around tomorrow," I said as I was cleaning up after dinner. "Sure Bells, that would be great, we can even ride down to La Push, you used to love going to First Beach, and we can say Hello to Billy Black, you used to play with his daughters when you were little." Charlie was very excited about spending the day with me. I was exhausted and ready to settle in to my new home, so I said goodnight to Charlie and we up to my room. I fell asleep quickly, and awoke to a rare sunny day. I opened my windows, and let the breeze come in, while I showered, I dressed in jean shorts and a tight t-shirt and grabbed a pull-over long sleeve shirt in case the warmth was deceiving and ran downstairs. I found a note from Charlie saying he had to run down to the station, would I like to meet him for Breakfast at the local diner; he left directions and a time. I grabbed my keys, and my cell phone and headed out, the trip was short, the diner was on the main drag in town, and looked like the local hangout for everyone. I was walking to the door, when I tripped over a rock, and prepared to crash into the ground when I felt two strong arms catch me and stand me back up. I turned to say Thank you and was speechless when I got a look at my hero, he was tall, very muscularly build with dark curly hair, and beautiful blue eyes. "Thanks," I mumbled out. "Anytime, sweetheart!" he said and winked as he walked back to his friends, I didn't really get a good look at them because Charlie had walked over and opened the door for me. "You ok?" he asked as we walked inside. "Yeah, I just pulled a Bella, you remember how accident prone I can be at times." I laughed as Charlie chuckled and we sat down in a booth by the window. That is when I got my first look at them, they were beautiful. The one who caught me was leaning against a jacked up jeep, talking to another tall handsome boy with honey blonde hair that framed his face, his arms were around a short and small girl with black spiky hair, she was laughing as she smacked the third boy on the shoulder, he was also amazingly good looking, with bronze hair that looked professionally disarrayed, he was holding hands with a statuesque blonde who looked like she just stepped out of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition. "Who are they," I said tearing my gaze away from them and looking at Charlie. "Ah, well the two blondes are twins, Rosalie and Jasper Hale, and the other 3 are Emmett, Edward, and Alice Cullen, they are Dr. and Mrs. Cullen's kids. "I don't remember them from before, are they new?" although I hadn't been to Forks since I was 10, I knew that if I had met them, I would have remembered. "Well the Hales moved here about 6 years ago, and the Cullen's about a year later." Charlie said as he looked out the window at them. We finished our breakfast, and I took one last look at the five of them as we headed to my car. EmPOV It was a typical Saturday morning in Forks, Edward, Alice and I went over to meet Rose and Jasper for breakfast, the 5 of us were always together, we had all moved to town around the same time, and became fast friends. Alice and Jasper became a couple the minute that they laid eyes on each other, Edward and Rose had only been together for the past 2 years, they were both to stubborn to get together sooner. I didn't date a lot, the local girls were all too eager to date me, my last steady girlfriend Irina lived in Alaska now, but we were still friends and talked on occasion. I did wish that I had my own someone, it was hard and uncomfortable when all the PDA started, but we were all best friends. We had finished our breakfast and were discussing the plans for today when it happened, a new shiny midnight blue Volvo XC90, pulled into the parking lot, which being the car lover that I am, I wondered who was driving it, I had never seen it around before. When she climbed out, my heart stopped, she was gorgeous, long shiny dark brown hair, plump red lips, she looked cute in the simple jean shorts and blue shirt she was wearing. I was too caught up in watching her walk, when she tripped over a large stone and started to fall, I reached out and caught her, pulling her back up and close to me, as I stood her on her feet. She turned around and her big chocolate brown eyes found mine, as she said Thank you. "Anytime, sweetheart!" was all I could get out, before Chief Swan walked up and she walked into the diner with him. "So that's the Chief's daughter," my sister Alice said as I walked back over to the group. "She's cute," Rose added. They both looked at me, "What," I said. "I think Em's got a crush," Alice giggled, as Jasper picked her up and put her on his back. "ooohhhh," said Rose laughing along with Alice. "Whatever, I don't have time for that kind of stuff," I said pushing my brother Edward as he started making kissy faces at me. "Football is my priority, I have to play good enough that people won't see you two slacking out there!" I said. We stood there debating whether to go to Port Angeles, or to First Beach since it was so nice out. Alice and Rose were discussing they're up coming