The Chimes in the Wind The west wind had shifted northward and it was turning colder, but the rain was gone. The Lord of the Rings , 'The Scouring of the Shire' -o- Astron had almost passed when the chimes woke Pippin early one morning. The day was still grey and hushed and the firs before his window cloaked in fog. The hollow sting was there as it had been every morning since Merry had gone back to Crickhollow. It pierced Pippin in one frayed breath, out and gone as he looked at the firs and behind to the Northern slopes facing the Great Door. More than a year had passed since they had returned from their journey, more than a year since the Ring had been destroyed. He'd never thought that he could miss the jingling of the chimes. The way they tinkled in the evening when the din of Great Smials died down, and a breeze was rustling through the firs. How the sound sometimes would wake you in the morning when there was a wind coming from the west, up from Tuckborough, and the day was going to be wet and rainy. The way the world turned oddly and unbelievably quiet when the chimes were taken down come winter. How you got used to the silence so fast you didn't even know something was amiss. Not until spring, when one morning the chimes were up again, and jangled and clinked excitedly as if they were telling each other (and every hobbit around) all about how they had spent the cold days stowed away in some shelf or drawer. No, he'd never thought that he could miss the sound of the chimes. Miss it more than the taste of freshly baked grittle cakes, more than Mag's soft humming when she dripped honey into the iron pot over the fire. More even than summer mornings at the Brandywine, buzzing with a flurry of heat underneath the cool quiet that always hovered over the river. But when he had awoken to another day among the Orcs, the sun a misty patch behind dark clouds, with wrists and legs bound cruelly tight so he could not even scratch his nose, it had been the clear sound of the Green Hills' chimes that he had missed the most. Pippin sank back into the pillow and listened to their soft tinkling. How odd it felt, this vague, familiar bother that the chimes had brought him back too early from some unremembered, wondrous dream. Much too early, judging by the grey outside, but how glad he was to be so bothered, to be woken, no matter how early, at home. Here, in the round old room where he had slept for all his tweener years, with the bluish shards of glass a thing he'd barely noticed all those many mornings. Pippin had never really noticed the chimes at the Great Door, either. Not before their journey. But now he knew how the sun caught in the glass, how the hall burst into a swirling dazzle of golds, reds and yellows, then faded to shimmering bits of colour moving over the wainscoting. It was a memory Pippin had all but forgotten, and it had been Merry brought it back for him when they had lain in the darkest of nights. Strapped to the neck of an Orc, the stench of the filthy rags and of his own sweat so strong he had almost lost his senses, Pippin had tried to think of the Shire so hard - safe and fresh and green. The jingle of the chimes was what first sprang into his mind, unbidden but so clear that he could hear the happy tinkling amidst the stomping tread of the Orcs' boots. It made Pippin smile to recall how one day he and Everard got the best of Luci when they lengthened the thin threads with which the bits of glass were fastened to their hooks. Up until nightfall they had the poor maid wondering how it could be that the chimes, which were hung up high to roots sticking out above the windows, had suddenly grown so long that the beasts and - the Hills' glory - the bairns could reach them. That night Pippin and Merry managed to lie close together for the first time since the Orcs had captured them. They talked in voices carrying only breath not sound, for fear that that huge brute Uglúk would separate them again as he had every other night. Later, Uglúk had noticed their whisperings and had them moved so wide apart that Pippin for a whole long night could not even see Merry from afar. But for that short time before they were found out, they could actually talk. Of course Merry had to tell Pippin what a fool he had been to make for a run with a band of Orcs behind him. But Pippin saw the admiration in his cousin's eyes, when he explained about the Elven brooch. Touching the smeared rag on Merry's forehead, Pippin realised that Merry could have easily been killed. He had looked back when the Orcs had carried them away from Parth Galen; he had seen Boromir lean against a thick tree, his face white as ash and black arrows in his breast and throat. Boromir, the tall man from Gondor, was dead, that much Pippin knew. He had not let himself think on it until this night, and maybe it was being able to talk to Merry that brought his memories back to Boromir and to the Green Hills and the chimes. Lor knew, they had more important things to talk about but Pippin whispered the tale of Luci and the low-hanging chimes in Merry's ear, how she tried with a broom to keep the chicken from picking at the fragile bits of glass. And Merry listened with a smile so broad that Pippin could feel, nay, he could see it shine in the dark. When he was done talking about childhood pranks, Merry touched Pippin's fingers. Only then he felt how hard his hands were shaking and he clasped Merry to make them stop. It was then that Merry whispered, 'Did you ever see the sun when it fills the entrance of Great Smials and the light catches in the chimes? In summer, late afternoon or so?' 'I must have,' Pippin answered, wondering whether he had ever really looked at the chimes at the Smials' entrance. He recalled their sound, surely, clinking like the smallest of cymbals whenever the Great Door opened. For Uncle Adelard they jingled happily, almost touching his grey head, for he was the tallest of Pippin's uncles on the Took side of the family. Fairy Queen calls me , Uncle Adelard would say with a curious smile that had always made Pippin hope that one day the Elves would show up right on the doorsteps of Great Smials. When he was as big as Uncle Adelard, he had thought, then the chimes would jingle for him too, but he, he would be going to where the Queen of Fairy was calling him. Lying amidst the Orcs Pippin whispered that tale, too, into Merry's ear, and he could but hear Merry pondering it in the dark. 'In a way you did, Pip,' he then said softly, 'you've gone and seen the Lady Galadriel. There's no greater Fairy Queen in all of Middle-earth, I should think.' And that was when Pippin remembered stepping into Great Smials, its low entrance hall ablaze with burning light. It had been a hot summer day, one you would want to spend at Rustling Pond up in the Hills, or at the Shirebourne where it leaped swiftly over the rocks. He had turned in wonder to see the sun sink over the hills rising up the other side of Tuckborough. Its last rays were caught by the chimes, holding on to the day's light for as long as possible. He almost ran into Merry, a Merry who had been taller than him then, and his voice high like a young boy's. Pippin must have made a noise or moved without care. But that huge brute Uglúk turned his ugly face to them from where he sat at the fire. Pippin felt Merry move away, and already Uglúk leapt at them and screamed in the Orcs' foul language. Of that language Pippin on this whole desperate trip had but learned one word, and that was 'Run!' Which was not what Uglúk was shouting at their tired, unlucky guards. Pippin was picked up at both his ankles. His legs burned like fire from being bound for hours and were still raw from the whip. He couldn't help screaming, and Merry's anguished voice called out in the dark. For the rest of the night Pippin was tied with outstretched arms to a bush, his face to the ground, and two vicious-looking goblins at his side. All that time the Lady's belt had been warm and safe around his waist, and ever so often on their cruel trip Pippin put his hands to its golden clasp. The Orcs had not touched the silver belts, nor even seemed to notice them. Whether some Elvish charm was stencilled into the soft leather, hidden perhaps in the intricate silver pattern, Pippin did not know. But it had given him courage in those long dark nights without Merry at his side, and had held him on his feet somehow during such grey and hopeless days when he'd felt he could not go another step. The fog was lifting from the firs, the bright green tips of their branches stretched towards the light of the approaching day. Still a gentle wind was blowing up from the valley and moved the chimes to sing their brittle tunes. Pippin got up swiftly with the tinkling in his ears. This was the day when he would bring the Hills' chimes over to Bag End where a child had been born a month ago. He put on Galadriel's silver belt in honour of the girl with the Elvish name, its golden clasp formed in the likeness of the flower elanor . Pippin rarely wore the Lady's gift, for all the tales of bloody knife-work the many scratches and stains in the leather told. So like the Elves it was to adorn even a tool of war with such skilful ornaments. The silver paint shifted like mist; the golden clasp shone from it like a star. War was an art to the Elves, that much Pippin had understood when he had seen Legolas fight with such deadly grace. The memory of war bound him to Merry too, closer than any of the Shire folks could know. Such a strange longing it was that Pippin could not rightly put into words, but he had seen it in Merry's eyes as well, when his friend for once had been at a loss for words. There are things deeper and higher. When Pippin closed the clasp and stroked the belt as it stretched over his belly, he wondered about the full meaning of the Lady's gift. Ah, but today he would wear the silver belt for its beauty alone, and in memory of the new-born girl's name-sakes in beautiful Lórien. -o- After a hearty breakfast Pippin walked through the hall. The glassblowers' customary gift lay in his pack wrapped tight in dark-blue velvet. He stopped and looked up to where the chimes were swaying in the air. If he stepped through the door, they would touch his head, so tall as he and Merry had grown on their journey. 'Mother used to tell me how Uncle Paladin brought the Tooks' chimes to Buckland when I was a wee baby,' Merry had told him when they were spending such glorious days in the White City. And Pippin had seen the chimes hanging in a quiet corner in Brandy Hall, right outside a small window that