A/N: Well . . . crap-a-lap-a-ding-dong. This story, which was supposed to take me about six months to finish, is now over a year in the making. It's gone through planning, outlining, two drafts, and some chapters have been rewritten multiple times. I am beyond ready to get this thing posted. I just need to give everyone a heads up before you start. I will be releasing these chapters every two to four days (depending on how urgently I think the next chapter needs to be posted). I am still rewriting/fixing some of the later chapters, and I need time to work on them, so no, I won't be rushing to get this all up in record time. I decided to vary my usual modus operandi and make my chapters shorter but greater in number. There are 83 chapters (that includes the epilogue), so this is a long story. The chapters vary greatly in length, ranging from 970 words at the shortest to maybe 10,300 at the longest. (But I would guess most average 3000-4000.) Each chapter is from either Hermione, Draco, Lucius, or Severus's point of view and I have indicated the POV at the top of each chapter to avoid confusion. Yes, there will be a lot of sex in it. If you've read my other stories, you know my stories are sex-centric, but I did manage to make it through some chapters without anyone getting naked this time. I don't know if that's something to be proud of or not. I would like to state for the record that there are some kinky themes here, and they are not going to be everyone's cup of tea. Please read the tags/warnings for this story before you begin, and if you can't handle my kink heat, stay out of my kitchen. (Or stick around and broaden your horizons, but don't say I didn't warn you.) Along those lines, I'd like to clarify something before you begin, Draco and Lucius are both with Hermione in this story. Together. But they do not have an incestuous relationship. I have nothing against incest stories, and I've read my fair share, but that's not what this story is about. I understand that this can be a squicky situation for some people, so I thought it best to be up front about it. Draco and Lucius have a complicated relationship here, but it isn't sexual. And lastly, I want to explain my chapter titles, quotes, and end notes. In case you didn't notice, the title of this story is Quartet, and I wanted to integrate the theme of music into the story. All chapter titles are musical terms, and I'll give definitions for most of them in the end notes. The quotes are all lyrics that pertain to the chapter in some way, and they're cited in the end notes as well (where I've also got links to the recordings if you want to listen to them). There will occasionally be other tidbits about the chapter in the end note section. (If you are reading this on FF, then please be aware that you can read this on AO3 to get the links.) I hope everyone who ventures forth after this mile long author's note enjoys the story. I love hearing from everyone, and I appreciate all the support I get from my fans more than I can say. Your enthusiasm keeps me going. Much love from me to you. Warnings/tags: Voyeurism, semi-public masturbation, M/M, M/F, threesomes, bisexuality, foursomes, oral sex, anal sex, anal play, rim jobs, enemas, daddy kink, D/s, spanking, caning, butt plugs, sex toys, double penetration (in two holes), nipple play, breast worship, pegging, exhibitionism, fingering, AB/DL, Daddy Dom/little, paddling, riding crops, FemDom, queening throne, Jewlery Fetish, semen play, frottage, finger sucking, deep throating, masturbation, bathtub sex, restraints, leather, cuddling, feels, angst, outdoor sex, pool sex, H/C. 1—Audience "Private Eyes. They're watching you. They see your every move."—Hall & Oates (Hermione) A blissful smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. Yes! More! Her hand skimmed down the leather, her thighs tightening in anticipation. Her hips circled once. Twice. Her clit screamed for a touch. She closed her eyes, pitching back her head as she inhaled deeply. Oh gods. Smell that? Could any scent be more mouthwatering? The most primal areas of her brain lit up like a finale of fireworks. Her juices started to flow. Now. She opened her eyes and leveled her gaze. Mine . Spreading her arms like the Winged Victory of Samothrace, she strutted between the shelves, touching every spine as she passed. Yeeeeeeees ! The dusty scent of decaying parchment tickled her nose. The perfume of periodicals. That smell could bring a girl to her knees. This was a library fit for a queen. And since there were no other females in sight, she deduced that this was her kingdom. These leather and canvas covers were hers to rule. She could open any of them and command their knowledge. Her loyal subjects cheered her reign and begged for an audience with their majesty. Unfortunately, a fine layer of dust covered most of the silent throng, leaving them all dulled in a ghostly haze of grey. She brushed off her fingers and caressed one aged spine, whose lettering had worn away. The Malfoys really should take better care of their books. It would be a shame if something happened to all these rare titles. Draco's library was the main reason she agreed to come to his parties. When he'd started working at the Ministry five years earlier, she had expected him to pick up where he'd left off as the Prat Prince of Slytherin. But the war had done more than smear his family name through the mud; it had sucked away his snark. He'd been nothing but polite and courteous when they shared the lift or passed in the halls, but she'd assumed he was just putting on a good show for anyone who might be watching. But then at lunch in the canteen, he had asked to sit with her, and she'd almost fallen out of her hard plastic chair in shock. Draco 2.0 was a worthy companion. They'd been awkward and stiff with each other at first, but they eventually fell into a comfortable rhythm. She never thought she'd see the day when she'd be joking with Draco Malfoy over shepherd's pie and apple crumble, but time had a way of making fools of even the most stubborn witches. He was still arrogant and sarcastic, he just didn't aim his dispersions in her direction. Hermione found his intelligence appealing, and he was a consummate conversationalist, which was something her brain appreciated. She soon discovered that talking wasn't Draco's only perk. It turned out he had the inside scoop on the entire Ministry. She worked in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, while Draco was in the Department of International Magical Cooperation. He was privy to information that never made its way to her desk, and it didn't hurt that he chatted up every witch in the building. As soon as he turned on the charm, they were all dying to spill their secrets. He was a one man MI5. That came in handy when her lowly division, Creature Justice, needed more money. It was just her and two subordinates—they weren't high on the funding totem poll. But with Draco's inside information, she'd gotten two financial windfalls. He'd done more for Creature Justice than anybody would ever know—including him. Then, two years into their budding friendship, Draco's remaining swagger had taken an even bigger blow. Narcissa contracted a particularly virulent strain of dragon pox. The virus quickly ravaged her beauty with its harsh scarring and discoloration, and then with hardly any warning, she'd died. Draco and Lucius were devastated by the loss, and although Draco came back to work, he'd changed. He had become quieter, and Hermione found him much more thoughtful during their lunchtime chats. They occasionally went out for drinks after work, but Hermione didn't really like to drink; so she just sat with him while he got pissed on Firewhisky. He wasn't a mean drinker, so she didn't mind. Mostly he was a dance-y drinker. He'd down a few shots then find some willing witch to fling around the floor. Hermione couldn't help noticing most of them were blonde. If he didn't go home with one of his dance partners, he came over to her flat and crashed on her couch. She would find him there in the morning, huddled into a ball under her Aunt Geraldine's green afghan, his eyes red and swollen from crying. He always said it was from the drinking, but she knew better. Sad Draco was a much more sensitive Draco. At least to her he was. She had no idea how he treated his sexual conquests. Maybe he was still humping and dumping them. She tried to stay out of that side of his life. To her, he was just Malfoy, her stuck-up friend—who allowed her to fondle his massive literary endowment. In that respect she could see why a witch would want to get her hands on him. But she doubted any of his bed bunnies were doing him for his library. Hell, she wondered how many of them could even read. But that was their loss—and her gain. Each thick volume was hers to stoke and fondle at her leisure, flipping its pages until it ejected its contents all over her brain. So much satisfaction without even breaking a sweat. Not at all like the ham-handed pillocks outside. She wasn't in the mood to fend off their infantile attempts at seduction. How exhausting. Draco was probably out there shagging one of his giggling minions. He liked to stock up on pussy during the weekend to tide him over. While she found all his choices a bit lacking, she couldn't begrudge him a little pleasure. She could do with a decent poke herself. Unfortunately, creature cases kept her busy; and she didn't meet too many eligible men in her line of work. She'd met some smoking hot centaurs, but that was a bit more beastiality than she was comfortable with. Draco's party was crawling with available wizards. Crawling. Like spiders. They gave her the creeps. Most of them seemed to think they were fabulously charming, or they drank until they convinced themselves they were. Quick shags on the Malfoys' manicured lawn wasn't what she had in mind when she imagined getting laid. These books, however, were exactly what she had in mind. That was why she always accepted Draco's invitations. She'd make an appearance at the party then slip inside as if she needed the loo. Everyone would be laughing and chatting outside, swimming in the pool and splashing about. They never noticed her sneaky departure. Except Draco. He was onto her game. After everyone started to leave, he'd usually wander in and find her lost in the pages of some ancient relic. Sometimes he dragged her away, saying she was getting as dusty as her reading material; but other times he just left her there. Twice he'd come in in the morning to find her asleep on the floor, her selections scattered around her like empty bottles after a bender. Once, he had come down in the middle of the night and carried her to the sofa. Her sweet literary enabler. Hermione chose a book at random and flipped through its pages. Potions. She wished there was some order to this library. It seemed everything was just haphazardly thrown together. The next book was on magical house plants. And the one beside it was on . . . holy shit. She flipped back to the cover. No name. She searched for a title page. The Gentleman's Guide to Discipline . None of this looked like anything a gentleman would do. Not that. Or that. And certainly not that. She couldn't