A/N: This story contains graphic sexual situations (including BDSM themes, anal, and oral). You have been warned. Severus closed his eyes and melted into the pliant warmth of her body atop him. They had only just returned from breakfast when she accosted him on the sofa, snaring him with her thighs and straddling him like a thoroughbred. Apparently that wake-up blowjob earlier had been but the tip of the anniversary iceberg. He should have seen this coming. Sexual celebrations were her speciality. Nary a holiday passed without some erotic escapade to mark the occasion. And if the holidays didn't fall fast enough, she made up her own to slake her lust. Fellatio Friday. Sensual Sunday. Muff-diving Monday. No day was safe from her souped-up sex drive. He wasn't complaining. Incessant sex kept him sane. Being in a constant state of sated bliss left him more mellow than a hooka-high Hufflepuff with an ounce of Harmony Hash. He still maintained his gruff demeanor in class—he needed to keep the little buggers in line—but when he was alone with Hermione, he was relaxed and tranquil. Professor Snape never entered their quarters . . . unless she wanted to play Horny Head Girl Meets Professor Paddle. He couldn't believe it had been eleven years since they'd tied the knot. It seemed as though it was only yesterday that she'd been walking down the aisle in her long white dress. How had more than a decade passed in the blink of an eye? Why did the good times go so quickly? She left his lips to kiss her way over to his neck. His attention contracted to a pinpoint of sensation with every peck. The warm breeze of her breath tickled his jaw, and the rest of the room blurred to background static. Every ragged inhale and exhale recaptured his concentration. He would lose himself soon, melding with her moment by moment, drawing out every second of pleasure. Reality would alter, and he would find himself wandering in a haze of lust and sweaty skin, coming up for air only to dive back down into a realm of tangled limbs and gasping sighs. Thank Merlin it was the weekend. They could stay in the rooms until Monday if they became paralyzed by perversity. She pulled down the top edge of his coat and shirt collar to get at his neck. Dammit. Why couldn't she just unbutton them? He couldn't feel her lips properly. This wasn't foreplay, this was titillation torture. He went to undo his coat, but she stopped him, clasping his wrist in her little hand as if she possessed the strength to restrain him. Of course he could overpower her with no effort, but he enjoyed Hermione-the-Aggressor. She was a wicked little minx with some brilliant ideas. Best to let her direct the action. She undid the top two buttons on both his coat and shirt as she nuzzled the line of his jaw. His stomach did a drunken double Gainer before belly smacking into his balls. Undeterred by the dizziness of his viscera, his dick leapt to attention, triumphantly high-fiving his trousers in a flashy celebration of success. Goddamn gloating genitalia. Would you calm the fuck down? She's obviously got some game plan we know nothing about. The first order of business seemed to be a blood draw. If she sucked his neck any harder, he was going to start calling her Vampira. The warm sting of suction and the scrape of her teeth only encouraged his cock to greater displays of rampant jubilation. His jugular was sure to be swathed in rosy ropes of overzealous affection. This was why he continued to wear multiple layers of clothing and concealing high collars. His body was a mangled testament to her ardor. Scratch marks razed his back in rows of red fields. His arse was blotted with finger-shaped bruises. Love bites crept up his neck and down his chest, marking her path across his body. He never healed a single one. They were medals of honor, his reward for years of sacrifice and denial. He wore each medallion with pride—but he couldn't very well expect his students to take him seriously if he paraded about looking like a billboard of debauchery. Once again his most noble efforts were going unrecognized by the general public. While he enjoyed this salacious secret, part of him wanted the world to witness his wife's insatiable passion for him. She was an animal—and sometimes the keeper gets mauled. But what would happen if someone saw the bawdy banners he left blazoned across her skin? Would they think he was a five-star lover or simply a ruthless ruffian in need of an anger management intervention? He knew the answer to that. No matter how many Orders of Merlin he received, everyone would always assume the worst. Her cherry red cheeks wouldn't be signs of a spanking, they would be proof of domestic violence. That was why she always wore long sleeves: to cover the chafing from the restraints. Her skirts and robes hid the rest. No one ever saw the crimson stripes of the cane or the delicate daisy chain of cornflower blue finger-bruises ringing her hips. No one except him. He undressed her every night, kissing each reminder of their last encounter, recalling the exact moment of contusion creation. He would match his hand to each mark and relive every thrust. Reminiscing was a potent aphrodisiac. For both of them. By the time he finished kissing her better, she'd be whimpering and tearing at his hair, begging him to leave a fresh layer of lust across her succulent skin. Sometimes he obliged. Sometimes he let her heal before indulging in his rougher fantasies. Or were they her fantasies? He was no longer certain which one of them was instigating their more rigorous couplings. She was an imaginative witch, and that translated into an infinite number of scandalous suggestions and steamy scenarios. While he was most aroused by the slew of sensate possibilities sex supplied, she was a glutton for stories and dramatic tension. Anticipation was the name of her game. If he even mentioned that he had something wicked in store for her later that night, she'd spend the day working herself to a sexual frenzy. At lunch he might murmur a seductive "you've been a naughty girl" in her ear, and before dinner rolled around, he'd find her stripped down to her knickers with the tawse between her teeth. Another fun game was to leave one of their many sex books lying open on the coffee table, silently hinting at what was in store. Sometimes she didn't even make it until dinner; she'd show up during his Advanced Potions class and request a conference with him in the storeroom. Discussion was never her intent. But most of the time, Hermione took matters into her own hands. Occasionally he was jumped in the halls and dragged to an abandoned classroom for some mutual molestation. Quite often she would absently touch or stroke him while they read together, and things would invariably escalate until they were tearing off each other's clothes like a couple of sex-crazed maniacs. He was never sure if that was her plan all along or just a fortuitous outcome. Maybe she didn't know either. He didn't like to comb her thoughts with Legilimency anymore; he preferred the excitement of surprise and the delectable rush of spontaneity. Right at that very moment, he had no idea what might be next on her agenda. She had obviously plotted some grand orchestration in honor of their anniversary. That x-rated greeting card she'd made him with multiple references to steel had actually been a warning. How foolish of him to think it was just a ribald memento memorializing eleven years of marriage when, in actuality, it was a courtesy card politely informing him he might not be ambulatory the rest of the weekend. Thank God. Severus threaded his fingers into her hair and guided her back to his face. He latched onto her lower lip and gave it a sensual suck before going in for more. Her mouth was madness, her tongue lunging for his and demanding a delirious game of Duck Duck Goose, tapping each of his teeth before lapping his tongue, choosing it as her rival. When she tagged him, he chased after her. Round and round. His tongue pounced on hers and wrestled it into submission. Drawing that slick pink muscle into his mouth, he suckled her in an oral victory dance. A moan of defeat was offered up, vibrating along her lips to his. Yanking her hips closer, Severus claimed his reward. She giggled and ground her crotch into his to concede the race. He growled as her concealed core warmed him with its radiant heat. Bloody hell, she must be on fire if he could feel her through her jeans. Why, in the name of all that is logical, was she still wearing clothes? And why hadn't she unbuttoned his blasted coat yet? Was she trying to sweat him out of it? If she wanted a sodium-rich snack, he was about to cross the threshold from perspiring to salt lick. Oh, blessed Merlin, she was undoing another button. Just a few more, love. Get me out of this sauna. Hermione detached her lips from his with a slurpy pop. A glistening string of spittle connected them for a moment then snapped and sat on her plump petal like a drop of dew. She smiled at him and licked it away, never ceasing her obsessive hip undulations. She was going to dry hump him into an insane asylum. Hoping to inspire her actions, Snape touched her tummy with one finger, just above her trousers, then trailed down the front of her zip, caressing her heated labia through the dense denim. Is it time to eat this pussy? Apparently not. Hermione leaned further back, and arching her spine so her tits were thrust into his face, she peeled up her peach jumper. Severus growled as she revealed the bare skin of her belly—one step closer to nubile nudity. She paused for a moment at her chest—making him wait for it—then exposed her breasts in a graceful unfurling. His breath caught for an instant. My tricky little nymphette. When did you get that? Her tits were hiked up in some lacy green feat of first class engineering. Happy anniversary to me. Much to his wife's consternation, she looked absolutely scrumptious in Slytherin green. It was good to see she'd finally come around on the subject. And she'd chosen such a splendid piece to kick off her new color scheme. How was this even material? He'd seen moth wings made of sturdier weave. Except for where the vertical stripes obscured his view, he could see straight through it. Her nipples looked exquisite, like two pink tinged emeralds bejeweling her breasts. The green overlap made for a murky, but mouthwatering, focal point. Was that him growling like that? Of course it was. It always was. Some primitive part of his brain took command whenever her clothes came off. And a grunt could have so many subtle nuances. For instance, ragged grunting followed by an abrupt mouthful of ephemeral green underpinnings meant "I like your new bra." He nipped her stiff nipple through the fabric just to make sure she got the message. It must have been loud and clear, because she moaned as if to say "Glad you like it. I picked it out just for you." After eleven years they really understood one another. He sucked her deeper into his mouth, soaking her turgid tip in a pool of drool; she had to accept the consequences of such a delicious wardrobe. He felt a fluttering of fingers at his chest and realized she had loosed one more lone button. What was with the infinite lag time? Was she trying to use his own powers of patient enticement