This story contains graphic sexual situations (oral sex). Turn back now if that's not your thing. You have been warned. This story was written for the Quills and Parchment Lemonade Smut Fest One Shot Competition. It won for Best Humor, Best Blow Job, Best Internal Dialogue, and was Runner Up for Judge's Favorite. Disclaimer: All canon character, plots, and situations from the Harry Potter series belong to JK Rowling. I am not profiting from this work. Neville squeezed Luna's hand twice and shifted his palm across her lower back, guiding her in a sweeping circle to the right. Waltzing around teetering stacks of old Quibblers and toe-snagging bric a brac was like trying to tap dance over a land mine, but when Luna suggested they switch on the wireless and turn the sitting room into a dance floor, Neville couldn't say no. Those big grey eyes got him every time. All she had to do was flash that enigmatic smile, and he was like putty in her hands. Well . . . one part of him wasn't like putty. That part was currently drilling a hole through his zipper. Hopefully Luna would be up for some snogging on the sofa later. He'd just have to Scourgify his jeans when they were done. But when the cat's away, the mice will play. Through some Valentine's miracle, Xenophilius had been called away for the week, leaving his eighteen-year-old daughter home alone. Probably not the wisest decision, but Neville secretly thanked Cupid for the prolonged privacy. The song on the wireless faded into a sailing saxophone solo, and Luna smiled up at him, linking her hands behind his neck as he slowed them to a stop. "Oh, I love this song. Don't you?" He nodded. This was now his favorite song. She put her head on his shoulder and hummed the melody under her breath. Neville closed his eyes and rested his cheek on her hair. Shuffling about in a circle was much safer than waltzing, and he preferred the prospect of perpetual hugging. His hands slid around her waist, and he discovered a sliver of warm flesh where her pink jumper had ridden up. Smiling to himself, he brushed his thumb along her back, memorizing the bliss of her bare skin. He always felt he was right where he was supposed to be when he was with Luna; her embrace was home. He didn't have to worry about his Herbology apprenticeship or Gran's hacking cough. She even chased away the haunting memories of the war. A truly miraculous feat. Neville buried his nose in her hair and took a deep breath. His entire body relaxed as her warm scent invaded his brain. Luna curled into him, her belly bumping the carefully concealed bulge in his trousers, which caused him to miss a step in their circling slow dance. Damn. He'd been hoping to avoid any further humiliation that night. Setting fire to the flowers at dinner had been bad enough. Now what would she think of him? Popping a boner during a snogging session was one thing, but this was quite another. This was supposed to be their super-romantic Valentine's night, not a parade of pervification. Personally, he didn't mind pervy; it just all seemed too sordid for someone like Luna. She was so pure—the kind of girl who made love in a field of daffodils while giggling sprites danced a ring o' roses around her. Neville, on the other hand, was the kind of bloke who obsessively wanked while picturing his girlfriend in the shower . . . or spread out on his bed . . . or covered in whipped cream. His right arm was becoming seriously overdeveloped, but in his defense, the whipped cream fantasy was extremely inspirational. Bollocks! Stop thinking about whipped cream wanking! That's what's gotten you in this predicament in the first place. Right. Deep breath. Now just pull your hips away. Luna tightened her grip and did some sort of swirly maneuver with her pelvis, keeping her body flush with his. Neville swallowed loudly and stared across the room. Did Luna just grind on him? Did she know how to do that? It could have been an accident. Or a dance move. Her hand dropped lower, stroking his stomach and coming dangerously close to his trousers. Neville tried to control his breathing, but he just wound up sounding like an asthmatic dragon in a lamaze class. Was she encouraging him to take things further? He wanted to, but his heart was on the brink of myocardial infarction, and he didn't know how much longer he could maintain consciousness with all his blood surging south. Drawing on his Gryffindor courage, he slipped his hand underneath the back of her jumper and glided his palm along the track of her spine. Oh gods. Were his hands too sweaty? Was he grossing her out? She snuggled into him and made the most glorious sound—a sigh that spoke of both contentment and desire. His brain immediately filed it away under "Must Hear That Again." Their dancing had deteriorated to a wonky sway, but Neville barely noticed. How could he with the room spinning so wildly? Luna met his eyes and flashed that smile that lit up his heart like a thousand suns. Without hesitation, Neville leaned down and kissed her. Her lips were warm, and despite the cacophony in his chest, he was at peace. The world faded. Just him and her. Breathing each other like oxygen. Luna spoke softly, her lips moving against his, "I could help you with that." "Help me with what?" "This," she murmured and spread her hand over the front of his trousers. His lower body convulsed, and he squeezed his eyes closed, willing himself not to come. "I'm sure I can do something with it. We could go to my room if you like." "Your room?" he squeaked. "Upstairs?" "Yes, of course. Downstairs is just the cellar, and I hardly think we'll be comfortable getting naked on a pile of Dirigible Plums." Did she say naked? He was almost positive she had. Luna slipped her hand into his. "You want to?" Neville nodded, his voice caught in his throat, which was understandable; there wasn't much room with his heart jammed in there. Her smile bloomed to an excited grin, and Neville's legs went numb. Were they really going to get naked? He didn't want to read too much into her words. She could be planning a pagan Wrackspurt exorcism or something. Luna was full of curveballs. They somehow climbed the stairs without him realizing it; he would have suspected Apparition, but he distinctly remembered the pockets of her jeans bouncing back and forth before his eyes. When they got to her room, he barely recognized it. He'd been in there before, but the surreal circumstances skewed his perceptions; it was as if he'd ascended into an alternate universe. In this strange new world, Luna was kicking off her shoes and bidding him to do the same. Was that the custom here? "Should I take off your trousers, or do you want to do it?" He stared at her. They were very friendly in LunaLand. "You want to take off my trousers?" Luna tipped her head to one side, regarding him with her ever-omniscient gaze. "Are you nervous?" Nervous? He was petrified. He didn't know what the hell to do with a witch in her bedroom. Well, he knew , he just wasn't sure how to go about it. "I'm just a bit . . . dazed. Could I sit down?" Luna smiled and patted the bed. "Sure. But if you're dizzy, we should probably loosen your trousers. They could be restricting your circulation." You have no idea . His hard-on was being cruelly folded into an origami heart by his unyielding fly. Curtailed circulation was right up there on the possibility list along with permanent creases and an emergency trip to St. Mungo's to have the zipper teeth surgically removed from his shaft. Leaning in, Luna kissed his cheek. "You're cute when you blush. What are you thinking about?" A thousand answers came to mind, but nine hundred of them were too embarrassing to say out loud. "I was thinking about how lucky I am to have you." "Were you really? That's very sweet." She double squeezed his fingers in their silent "I love you" signal. "Would you like to hear what I was thinking?" "Very much." In a grappling flurry of arms and legs, Luna was suddenly straddling his lap, her hands in his hair and her lips on his ear. Neville was too stunned to react. "I was thinking," she whispered, "that I'd like to take out your cock and kiss every inch of it." His jaw dropped. "I'll lick you till you're leaking in my mouth then—" "Luna!" "Yes?" "Where the hell did that come from?" "Well you see, when a man nears ejaculation, he emits a clear fluid that—" "No, not that! I meant, where did you even come up with such an idea?" "Hermione lent me some very informative books." Neville didn't know whether to laugh in relief or send Hermione a quick owl for a job well done. Luna began to kiss his neck, and Neville's head went all fuzzy. "Did you really mean that . . . about the licking and all?" "Mm-hmm. I love you so much Neville. I want all of you. Don't you want me too?" His hands trembled on her hips, and he held her tighter to steady himself. "I want you more than anything. I just didn't want to rush you." She pulled back to look at him. "I've been ready for ages." Neville exhaled a nervous laugh. "I got that impression. Maybe in the future, you should just tell me what you want straight away; I'm obviously slow to catch on." Luna rested her hand on his chest and tapped his heart. "I'd like something right now please." "Anything, love." "There're so many choices. I don't know where to start." His erection pounded on his placket and demanded she begin with him. "Could we possibly open my trousers while you weigh your options? I'm dying here." Luna's eyes widened with worry, and her hand fumbled for his zip. "Oh, yes. How thoughtless of me. You must be in quite a state by now." Quite a state might be putting it lightly. Although rigor mortis was technically a state. His zip slid down with a satisfying zzzzzzt , and Neville heaved out a sigh of freedom. That lasted all of one second, and then her hand was wrestling with his wand through a barrier of boxer briefs. "Wait, wait, wait!" he sputtered, grabbing her wrist. Luna's eyes shot to his. "Did I hurt you?" Inhaling deeply, he shook his head. "Not even close. I just don't want to finish before we get started." "Right," she said earnestly. "I'll be careful." "Unless by careful you mean you're going to undress me without using your hands, I think you'd better give me a minute." She nodded and politely clasped her hands together. "I've read all about erections. I understand what you're going through." He didn't know whether to find that arousing or hilarious. Little Neville voted overwhelmingly for arousing, and he was forced to agree. "What exactly have you been reading?" "Oh all sorts of interesting things. I'm quite keen to give it a go." Neville just stared at her, unable to find any suitable words for the moment. "Would you like me to take off my clothes while you calm down?" Well that wasn't likely to help him calm down. Not at all. "Brilliant." Luna gave him a jolly smile and pulled her jumper over her head in one smooth move. He froze, stuck dumb by her beauty. And the partial nudity. All that stood between him and his fantasies was a thin layer of pink lace. Luna skimmed her hands over