Ignorance is Bliss Percy Not many people knew he had a voice that would make most Apollo kids look down in shame. He never sang when anyone could hear him. He never mentioned anything about it. It was personal to him. He didn't want people to know. If anybody knew his past, they would understand, but he never told anyone about that either. . . . He first found out he had a good voice when he was seven. He was in music class. He didn't have any friends. All the teachers thought he was trouble. He could count on his hands the kids that were nice to him. The teacher, Mrs. Vahn, had tried to embarrass him by forcing him to try out for the solo for the school musical. He looked down and slowly made his way to the front of the room by the mic. The whole class was staring at him; grinning at the thought of him failing. Mrs. Vahn, smirking, started playing the first notes on the piano. He closed his eyes and focused on the lyrics. The words flooded out of him, and he couldn't focus on anything else. It felt good. Really good . Before he knew it, Mrs. Vahn had played the last note. He opened his eyes to see the whole class staring at him. Their mouths were wide open. He blushed and looked down at the floor, thinking that he had messed up. The class started clapping. Clapping for him . He was confused. Nobody had ever done anything for him that made him feel good about himself. He walked back to his seat, tripping over his own feet the whole way. He sat down and slowly looked up at everyone. They were smiling at him. At the end of class, Mrs. Vahn came up to him and asked him if he wanted to sing the solo for the school play. He politely declined. . . . He learned to play the piano when he was nine. He always liked the sound of the piano. It was calm. He needed some more calm in his life. His stepdad was treating him badly. His stepdad seemed to punish him for everything he did these days. His mom had told him that she would be an hour late the night before. He had told her it was fine and that he needed help with his math anyway. His math teacher had already left, and he was wandering the halls. He walked past the music room and noticed the door was wide open. He peeked his head in and looked at the piano in the corner of the room. He slowly walked in, and glanced around the room. It was empty except for him. He made his way over to the piano and slowly sat down on the wooden bench. He took slow breaths as he ran his hand over the smooth wood. He looked down at the pearly white keys. He pressed a shaky finger on a middle key. A noise came out from the piano. He pulled his hand away slowly and just stared at the keys. A hand touched his shoulder, and he jumped and scrambled away from it. His breathing wasn't calm anymore. He looked up and saw a middle aged man standing in front of him. The man bent down to his level. "Hello," the man greeted. "What's your name little guy?" "Percy Jackson, sir," he replied quietly, looking down at his feet. "It's nice to meet you Percy. I'm Mr. Preston. Do you know how to play the piano?" The man smiled at him. He started to shake. He was very nervous. His stepdad was never this nice to him. "N-no sir," he stuttered. "Would you like to learn?" Mr. Preston was still smiling. Percy looked up with wide eyes. He gave a small nod and looked back down. "Well then, lets get to it!" Percy looked up and gave a small grin. What Mr. Preston didn't know was that he was the reason for Percy Jackson's first real smile at that school. Even if it was a small one. . . . When he was eleven, Percy started to smile a little more. He had made his first friend at school, and kids weren't as mean to him for a change. He was happy at school for once, but home was a different story. His stepdad was unbearable. He would stay outside until it was too risky to be out of the house. It would be suicide to stay out too late when it got dark in his neighborhood. The music teacher at his new school was nice, and after hearing him singing quietly in class, offered him private lessons during free period. He was very good at singing now. She asked him if he wanted to join the talent show. He politely declined. . . . He didn't think his friends would ever find out. He was sitting in his room on the Argo ll. Leo had made all the seven monster proof Iphones. He had headphones in and was singing along to Fall Out Boy, as he drew pictures at his desk. He paused his music and turned around, intending to get a snack from the kitchen. The rest of the seven were standing at his door, looking at him with wide eyes. Percy's face turned a deep shade of red. He rubbed the back of his neck nervously. "How much did you hear?" He questioned anxiously. "A lot," Annabeth replied. "Sometime since about Rat a Tat." She was looking at him with a slightly annoyed expression. "You never told me you could sing." "I've never really told anyone," he mumbled. He spoke up a little, "um I'm a little hungry." He attempted to move through them, but they all blocked his way. Percy glanced around at them all. Piper and Hazel looked shocked. Frank looked awkward (normal). Jason looked slightly angry. Leo looked dazed, and Annabeth looked, as he noticed earlier, slightly annoyed. Percy's stomach growled. He sighed. "Can I at least get something to eat before you inaugurate me?" Annabeth huffed. "Fine. But I expect full answers." She turned around and led the way to the kitchen, and the rest awkwardly followed. Percy grabbed an apple and sat down next to Annabeth. "Ok," he sighed, "what do you want to know?" Annabeth paused, "why didn't you tell anyone?" "Nobody needed to know." He took a bite of his apple. "Does your mom know?" Hazel asked timidly. "No. Not at all." Percy was suddenly very interested in his apple. Awkward silence. "Do you play any instruments?" Frank chimed in. "The piano. Kind of. I only really played for one year." His expression drooped a little as he said this. "I don't really see why its a big deal." Jason grumbled. Piper scowled at him slightly. "Same." Percy sighed. "Well, I'm going to go back to my room. I was doing important stuff." He stood up and threw his apple away. "Wait!" Annabeth stood up too. "I still have questions!" "Oops." He walked back to his room and made sure he shut the door. He sighed and went back to his drawing. It was basically a bunch of scribbles. He could hear faint arguing from the kitchen. Realizing he had night shift, he decided to go to bed. Taking off his shirt and throwing on some sweatpants, he went to sleep. He didn't sleep well that night. He was thinking too much of his past. He relived all his worst memories from school. When Piper woke him up for night shift, he wasn't fully awake. "Percy," her voice shook a little and she wasn't looking at his face. "You'll have to wake up Annabeth." She rushed out of his room. He looked down and paled. He forgot that he didn't wear a shirt to bed. Stupid he thought to himself. His mom was the only other person that had seen his scars. He just told her they were from falling and other things. He usually wore a shirt when he went swimming because he never got wet unless he wanted to. He threw on some clothes and rushed out of his room, cursing himself the whole way. He went to Annabeth's room and shook her awake. She got out of bed, and he went up to the deck. He climbed onto the railing and stared out at the sea. He felt Annabeth sit next to him. They sat in silence for a while. Enjoying each others presence. He liked that about Annabeth. He didn't have to force himself to try to make small talk. "What's bothering you?" Annabeth asked him quietly. "Don't protest. I can see you're nervous about something." He smiled slightly at her. "Me? Protest? I think you have the wrong person." She gave him a look. "Ok fine." He paused. "Piper… saw… my… scars." He said lamely. Annabeth looked confused. "Ok... Why is it a big deal? Everybody has them." He looked down and fiddled with his hands. "Because… I have… a lot of them." He finished stupidly. Annabeth still looked confused when he glanced at her. "And they aren't from the magical monsters." He looked away from her. "Then what are they from?" She asked gently. Taking his face so he looked at her. He tried to form the words, but he couldn't. He just opened and closed his mouth. "It's ok, Percy." Annabeth said gently. "You can tell me whenever you're ready." Gods he loved her. "I-I just don't know how to say it." He confessed. "I've never talked about it. Ever." He pulled his face out of her hand and stared out at the ocean. He felt bad, but he didn't want to tell her. It was his problem. He checked his watch sometime later. "Shifts up Annabeth. I'll go wake up Frank. You get Hazel." He hopped off the railing, but a loud screech made him freeze and turn around. He was just able to see a dragon grab Annabeth in its mouth. She yelled in alarm and pain. He took riptide, uncapped it, and threw it at the monster attack button on the other side of the deck. It hit dead center. He jumped off the side of the boat, knowing that his sword would come back to his pocket as sirens blared on the ship. A blurred black thing flew out from underneath him. He changed direction of his dive, and managed to catch onto the dragon's tail. He clung on for dear life as it bucked him around. It paused for a brief second and Percy grabbed his sword out from his pocket. He stabbed it higher into the dragon's soft skin next to gaps in the scales. He pulled himself up and slowly made his way to the top of the dragon's head. Annabeth was dangling by her leg and was trying to grab onto anything on the dragon that would help her pull herself up. Percy sliced at it's eye, causing it to veer off course. He stabbed it in the side of its mouth, and it reflexively dropped Annabeth. Percy was about to call upon his fishy powers, but a streak of blonde flew past and grabbed Annabeth out of midair. He sighed in relief, knowing it was Jason. The dragon turned and started flying at the Argo ll. It opened its mouth, and it started to glow a faint orange. Percy brought water up from the sea, and just when the dragon was about to burn the ship, he formed a barrier around its mouth. But, he timed it a second too late and wasn't able to fully surround the dragon's head. The flames bounced back and blinded the dragon and burned him. He screamed in pain. The dragon crashed into the ship and it orange faded into black. . . . Jason Percy and the dragon crashed into the