Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games or any of its characters. The OC's, of which there are many, are of my own creation. Summary: The Mockingjay has been seen. The song has been sung. The Revolution has begun. Now it is up to Mikhail to fight for what he knows and believes is right. Freedom. WARNINGS: HET! (M/F) SLASH! (M/M) VIOLENCE! ANGST! CHARACTER DEATH! Stars Look Down Chapter One It was hot, almost unbearably hot, and yet not a single person shifted from where they were stood exposed in the centre of the main square watching the big screens which had been erected as per usual to broadcast the annual Hunger Games. Despite the fact that viewing was compulsory it was unusual for the square to be so crowded at such a late stage in the Games, for people to be packed shoulder to shoulder, their eyes straining to see each and every detail on the large screens, their hands surreptitiously interlocking at their sides in a silent display of comfort and solidarity. Usually their Tributes were lost during the first few days, either killed during the initial bloodbath or unable to survive in whatever landscape the Gamemakers threw them into. Growing up in such an urban environment had only ever been helpful twice in the history of the Games; during the 16th Hunger Games when a fifteen year old Woof had been able to navigate the maze that was the abandoned city with such speed and agility that his enemies just hadn't been able to keep up and then during the 59th Hunger Games when eighteen year old Cecelia had outwitted her opponents after they'd found themselves locked in the ruins of a train station, using her knowledge of an urban environment to keep herself one step ahead until she only had to take out one Tribute in combat. In terms of survival odds District Eight was ranked right down at the bottom, only just above District Twelve who had only ever had a single winner of the Games. And yet this year the "usual way of things" had been turned on its head. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark, the Tributes of District Twelve were the joint favourites to win even after they'd both suffered horrific injuries at the hands of the Career Tributes and the Gamemakers and Adya Kaminski, who as a "crippled" Tribute should have been picked off during the initial bloodbath, was still alive on this, the eighth day of the 74th Hunger Games, something no other Tribute from District Eight had managed in years. Up on the screens the images suddenly changed, the central screen following what was obviously the Careers Tributes latest hunt while the two smaller screens on either side showed Adya, standing with his arms outstretched and obviously singing despite the lack of sound and Katniss Everdeen sharing her food with the little girl from District Eleven. "Looks like it's time for Bruno to leave the Games, Caesar," Claudius Templesmith announced gleefully as the audience were forced to watch the boy from District Ten stumbling through the trees, his unsteady gate painfully obvious. "And I think it's safe to say that whatever he did to get a training score of nine it didn't include running." "You might be right there, Claudius," Caesars sickeningly sweet voice echoed throughout the large square, making more than one of the large audience flinch or shudder. On the screen Bruno, his eyes wide with fear and his chest heaving, came to a sudden stop at the base of a large tree and the camera switched to show the three Careers pursuing him briefly before focusing on his face as he obviously tried to think of a way out. "What are you thinking, dear boy?" Caesar murmured thoughtfully before gasping dramatically when Bruno threw himself towards the tree, desperately grabbing hold of the available handholds as he began climbing. "Apparently tree climbing is popular this year!" His progress was painfully slow, his withered right leg no help to him at all and all too soon the Careers were stood at the base of the tree laughing up at him. "Where are you going to go, Hop Along ?" Cloves voice was suddenly broadcast around the square as she took out one of her throwing knives and, with deadly accuracy, buried the blade in the branch that Bruno had just been about to take hold of. A choked sob escaped the poor boys mouth as he hugged the thick trunk of the tree for a moment before attempting to continue his ascent, a single tear running down his cheek. "Shame we don't have that bow anymore," Marvel muttered, tossing his deadly spear from one hand to another, his eyes never leaving the climbing figure for a moment. "Would have made this nice and easy…" "What, like last time?" Cato scoffer end loudly, crossing his arms across his chest. "I'm enough of a man to admit that my archery skills are somewhat lacking and I know full well that yours are even worse than mine. And let's not mention Cloves…" The deadly female Career turned to growl at her District partner before throwing another blade up at their target, this time hitting the main trunk beside his withered leg. "I though your aim was meant to be good…" Marvel muttered, obviously unimpressed. "My aim is perfect, asshole," Clove snapped, elbowing him in the stomach. "It's called prolonging the inevitable, not that you'd know anything about that." "Knock it off, Clove," Cato ordered sharply, cutting off Marvels angry response. "Just hurry up and bring him down. We've got more important prey to find." In the end she didn't need to. The gathered crowd sucked in a horrified breath when Bruno's withered leg gave out from underneath him as he was trying to reach the next available branch, unbalancing him and sending him plummeting towards the ground with a terrified scream. Almost as one they averted their gaze, looking at their feet or the sky or even burying their faces in someone else's shoulder rather than watch his body strike the ground, the sound of it happening bad enough as his screams were cut off by a sickening thud. The next sound they heard was the familiar echo of the cannon, followed by the equally familiar sound of Marvels booming laughter and when they looked back at the screen they found the Career Tribute stood oven the mangled body with a bright grin on his face. "And that, ladies and gentlemen, brings us down to the final ten Tributes," Claudius's voice informed them, the audio from the Arena cutting off with an audible click. "What an unusual year we're having, Caesar, full of so many surprises." "I know what you mean, Claudius," Caesar chuckled brightly as their heavily made up face replaced the gruesome image. "Shall we see how our Girl On Fire is reacting to the latest cannon? Or shall we listen to our little songbirds latest performance on a quick playback?" "Oh, let's hear his latest song, Caesar," Claudius agreed, turning to offer his co-host an obviously fake smile. "I'm dying to hear what he's come up with now." A murmur of disapproval spread through the crowd as the two of them descended into almost childish giggles at his choice of words, entirely inappropriate behaviour to anyone in the Districts but completely acceptable if not encouraged in the Capitol. "Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows, Everything that's wonderful is what I feel when we're together. Brighter than a lucky penny, When you're near the rain cloud just disappears, dear, And I feel so fine just to know that you are mine." Caesar and Claudius were cheering, clapping loudly in approval of the chirpy song which was so different to all the others they'd heard him perform thus far in the Games. "His mother used to sing that one all the time," Brandon murmured sadly, resting his hands on his daughter's shoulders as he thought of his old friends. "She sang it to his father." Mikhail sighed, squeezing his mothers hand when she too seemed upset by the song. He was a tall boy, one of the tallest in his year in fact, and he towered over his mother. He'd inherited most of his looks from his father; dark brown hair which turned into a tight abundance of curls if he let it grow too long, light tanned skin covered in a healthy dusting of dark hair, particularly on his broad chest but definitely not enough to be considered "too hairy" by the girls in his year who flocked to gain his attention. Not that he had any cause to care what they thought about him, devoted to his girlfriend as he was and had been since they'd got together when they were both fourteen. His build was definitely something else he'd inherited from his father. Strong, broad shoulders, trim, muscular torso, long, equally muscular legs and big feet. For some reason this last fact had been a subject of much merriment amongst his female peers, including Juno, his girlfriend, and it wasn't until he'd gone to his father for an explanation that he'd finally understood their giggling and suggestive remarks. His blue eyes, however, had obviously been a gift from his mother. Mikhail sighed, squeezing his mother's hand when she too seemed upset by the song. "My life is sunshine, lollipops and rainbows, That's how this refrain goes, so come on and join in everybody! Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows, Everything that's wonderful is sure to come your way, When your in love to stay." On Mikhail's other side his girlfriend leaned her head against his broad shoulder, hugging his arm tightly as she tried to hold back tears as she listened to her old friend sing. Adya had always been prone to bursting into song even when they were little, somehow having a song for every occasion thanks to his mother and could turn even the most tedious day at school into a "spectacular extravaganza" much to their teachers annoyance. He hated the fact that he hadn't thought to search for him after the fire, hadn't wondered why he'd stopped coming to school despite knowing that he had survived, hadn't questioned the fact that with his parents gone he would be all alone. The guilt he felt was like a lead weight in his stomach and, combined with the guilt he felt about not ignoring Adya's logical protest and volunteering in his place, had left him unable to function for the last fifteen days, suffering from sleepless nights and a lack of appetite. "Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows, Everything that's wonderful is what I feel when we're together. Brighter than a lucky penny, When you're near the rain cloud just disappears, dear, And I feel so fine just to know that you are mine." "…there's more?" the boy from District Three who Adya had befriended asked weakly, much to the annoyance of the two Capitol men now dancing on one of the other screens. "Ok, now I completely understand why you need to get that out of your head. That's just…annoyingly chipper and completely inappropriate for the Hunger Games." It seemed as though Adya's sightless eyes were actually fixed on the camera as he smirked, sucking in a sharp breath as he gasped out his response before continuing with the song, "I know, right? My life is sunshine, lollipops and rainbows, That's how this refrain goes, so come on and join in everybody! Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows, Everything that's wonderful is sure to come your way, 'Cause you're in love! You're in love! And love is here to stay!" Silence followed the end of the song in the square despite the vigorous applause coming from one of the smaller screens where Caesar and Claudius were returning to their seats. "Oh, wasn't that just wonderful!" Caesar exclaimed happily, offering the camera one of his trademark smiles, showing off his impossibly white teeth. "I