A/N: I promised myself I wouldn't do another story until I've complete the other stories I've put on hold until know, but I'm known for breaking promises. Besides, the idea was just floating around in my head that I can't help but feel restless about it. It's giving me headaches. It's set in the medieval times and no modern technology in the fictional continent of Olympia with the original characters from PJO universe, though they may be OOC. Here's the must read part: This is sort of an experimental story because I haven't see one like this like, ever. Not even with other fanfics. If you've seen one like this, let me know. There will be some major fourth wall breakage, constantly. And the narrator, which is yours truly, will talk in between the chapters. The characters would pinpoint that they are aware that there is a narrator, that they're in a book, that they're from a different universe. Like I said, fourth wall breakage. And to me, this is the fun part. At certain points in the story, I would ask for your opinion on how that scene should've gone or what ending you guys want. Leave it in the reviews and the most suitable one would be included in the next chapter. So you get to be a part of the story. Make sure to write your name so I know who to give credits to. Without further ado, let us begin the story. Chapter 1 Narrator Hey guys. It's Ai. I'll be here for most part of the story, narrating our character's journey towards the ending that won't be spoiled. How do we begin this . . . The story sets in Olympia, a big island divided in half by a wide river that runs through the middle. Throughout the island, six kingdoms were made. I'll just talk about the highlights. Far up North, where the land is covered with snow and ice, lies the Northern Kingdom, often called the Cold Kingdom. There, the di Angelo family runs things around. They took over the kingdom after Queen Maria, their mother, passed away. Nico di Angelo is the king of the Northern Kingdom and helped by his adviser and sister, Bianca di Angelo. The Cold Kingdom are known to be impenetrable and heavily defended, even though they don't have that much of military forces. But their naval force aren't something to be considered lightly. The Cold Kingdom has the biggest and most powerful naval force in all of Olympia. The next one, lies far inside the Eastern Mountains. Yes, inside. Not beyond. They probably decided to dig a hole on one side of the mountain to make a home and it expanded to a kingdom. As you can expect, they are rich as fuck. They dig to make their home bigger, so they probably stumbled upon a few tons of gold and jewels. The Kingdom of the Eastern Mountains, often referred to as the Kingdom of Gold. They're really unimaginative when it comes to naming things. By they, I mean me, the author. The mountains in the east are like an ant's hill, ruled over by the 'King Ant', Leonardo Valdez. They're not really one for military forces, but their machinery is incredible. While most of their machines are too heavy to be used in an actual war, they make it up by using them for defence. Being the richest kingdom in Olympia, of course they're going to be targeted for their wealth. The machines they build provide safety for the people and for the wealth. You can't even walk three meters past the gate without a hatchet flying at you at full speed and splitting your head in half. Leonardo Valdez was a somewhat genius. I swear I'm not ripping off from Tolkien's book. Next is the must-know kingdom of all of Olympia. The Heavenly Kingdom. Again, really unimaginative. This is probably the most successful kingdom in Olympia. They're doing well politically and economically. Their military are to be reckoned with and they have not yet been conquered and never lost a war. Every kingdom has a weakness. The Northern Kingdom had weak on foot militia and the Kingdom of Gold had no offensive military. The Heavenly Kingdom was perfect. It's like the Minas Tirith from the Lord of the Rings. That's just a weird coincidence that we had the same idea. It's where people go to make a living and live peacefully because there're no crimes there. You get to live in high style as well, if you have the right status and the right amount of money of course. Like every kingdom in Olympia, they have taxes and laws, which some people don't sit well with. The Minas Tirith- Sorry. I meant the Heavenly Kingdom. It's ruled by King Luke and his future wife, Annabeth, the daughter of Queen Minerva. Everybody knows how much of a royal douche Luke is, and Annabeth knew it as well. But like the most cliched movies ever, she's the damsel in distress being kept locked away in a tower waiting for her knight in shining armour to save her. You know the drill. Luke wants more power, he wants Annabeth, she's being forced to marry him, blah blah blah. And now, let's get to the most interesting place in Olympia. There're six kingdoms in Olympia in total, but I'll just highlight the most important three. The other three will be introduced later in the story. Next is a small town called Midriver. Why that name? Because it's placed near the river that runs in the middle of Olympia, as I explained before previously. Midriver spans on both sides of the river in the middle of the island, with the main bridge to cross the river connecting the town and the island. It's impossible to get to the other side without crossing the Midriver bridge . Midriver is a place that's the same category as Tortuga. It's a place free of any kingdom laws and any taxes. Every profit you make in Midriver is for yours to take without any royal kingdom taking their share of your profit. Midriver is also where every royal guard from any kingdom is powerless. Inside kingdoms, the royal guard can abuse their powers and pick on the poor. Here, if a royal guard is beat to death, no one would bat an eye. It's like a normal basis for someone to be killed at least once a day here. It's like the HQ for mercenaries, criminals and bandits. Like I said, it's like Tortuga. A place not controlled by any kingly power. Now that that's done, let's move to our main character of the story. Percy Jackson. A blacksmith in Midriver who works his way from being a complete loser to a king. Yeah. Because other director hasn't beat that dead horse enough. So, here ya go. Percy's POV Thank you, Narrator. Way to take off the hype in introducing me. Hey guys. It's me. Percy. You know me from Rick Riordan's book, so prepare to meet a whole other me in the author's version of me. Which, might I add, is really OOC. Enough of that. If you're reading a PJO fanfiction, you know enough about me. So, without further ado, let's actually continue the story. Grover and I were sitting at our usual seat in one of Midriver's tavern. On the table was two mugs of . . . I don't know. Beer? Ale? Pint? Pumpkin juice? I had no idea what those people drink back then. Use your imagination to conjure a foamy drink that's alcoholic but won't make you drunk. Grover was a friend of mine that visits often, even though he works for the Heavenly Kingdom. He's the royal courier, which is why he visits often because there's no way you can go from one kingdom to another without passing Midriver. Unless you want to take an unusual route there and risked getting lost or ambushed by bandits. Grover delivers packages for His Majesty, King Luke the Douchebag every now and then for other kingdoms, so he comes here often. I helped him one day with his armour and we became friends ever since. Yeah, I'm a blacksmith. So we were there, drinking while ignoring the ruckus that a normal tavern full of slightly drunk people would make. I took a sip of drink before looking at him. "What've you been up to lately?" "Just the usual. Delivering things here and there." Grover said. "I heard you've been doing well at your own blacksmith shop lately." "Well, you heard wrong." I took another sip of my drink. "No one's buying the things I make." "Come with me to the Heavenly Kingdom. I've tested the stuff you make. You'll make a fortune over there." I glared at him. "You know I don't do well with law and order. Plus, the Kingdom of Gold has put a bounty on my head. You know how Leo Valdez is with their bounties. They have millions of gold to spare." "A bounty? What did you do to them this time? "I managed to get a few chunks of gold," I wiggled my eyebrows at him. "And they have a lot. I don't think they really noticed what's missing. They're just pissed someone managed to break their defences." "You are brave and stupid," "Well thank you," I sipped my drink. "Where are you heading off to tomorrow?" "The Cold Kingdom. If you want to tag along, I'll be waiting for you at the gate at dawn," "We'll see," I said. "I haven't been up North in a long time," "Why? Does the North have a bounty on you as well?" "Nah. The Queen just don't really like me that much," "I don't believe you," "Hey, I have a history with just about every royal family in Olympia. Trust me, they'll know me if they see me." I said. "Some would kill me on sight." "Well, if you're coming tomorrow, be early." Grover said as he finished his drink. "See ya tomorrow," Grover flipped a coin on the table, paying for his own drink. I sighed as I gulped down my drink, which left a tingling yet soft taste in my throat. I laid another gold coin on the table before leaving. There are currencies in the world. As usual, they're ranked with gold, silver and bronze, with gold being the most expensive of them all. Think of bronze as cents. A hundred bronze coins make for one silver, equivalent to a dollar. A hundred dollar makes a gold coin. We're all money users, so you should get it easily. In Midriver, I work as a blacksmith, which was supposed to be a profitable job. With the modern medieval world that I'm currently living in, blacksmithing was an essential need to make everything from armour, to horseshoes, to cannons on ships, to metal chastity belts. Don't ask. The author is weird. But nonetheless, I was not living as fancy as an average blacksmith should've. Why? First, I don't really care about fanciness. I care about living and eating to live. Secondly, the things I make aren't really normal. You know how a standard sword should look like. You've watched those movies when humans were still on horses. The straight double-edged sword that every knight wore along with their shining armour. Those are what people demanded. I don't really like it. It's too heavy and long. It felt unbalanced. I made my own kind of swords, with multiple shapes and sizes. They're unique in style. But no one want to use them, because they have no guarantee. The swords I make are either too thin, too short, too flimsy or too bendy to be used. At least, in their eyes. Each sword that I make have a specific style of using. Long story short, being a blacksmith, I was only ordered to do horseshoes and some metalwork