A/N: It's been bugging me since I've thought of it. It's a new idea, so a new fanfic. I'll post maybe a few chapters of it before I continue the Forbidden Love fanfic. It's a clichéd idea, only with a couple of my twists. It's after the Giant war and, well the typical thing. Chapter 1 Percy's POV It's been six years since Percy shut himself out from Olympus, from camp, from his friends and family, including his mother. After what happened, he didn't have any intention in going back to his old life. Now, he had a new life, which had its ups and downs. The worst thing Percy had suffered was the constant nightmares and flashbacks about Annabeth. Even after death, Annabeth had haunted him in his dreams and visions. He'd have flashing images of the bloody Riptide, her corpse lying motionless next to him and those grey eyes that showed so much pain, Percy wanted nothing more than to replace her in her place. After the incident, Percy shut himself away from the Greek world, even though monsters were always after him. In six years of his journey alone, he'd discovered many things, many things that even the gods, titans or even Gaia herself haven't seen yet. It was on that day, his life changed again. Percy was in a tent that he'd made for himself. It was supposed to be a temporary place for him to sleep, but it end up being his home. His only source of food and water was a stream of river nearby. Percy would've never eaten seafood unless he had to. He'd always search for any other animals around before eating any sea creature. He sat down on a log as he started a camp fire. He had gotten better at it after learning that damp wood won't light up. After the fire had started, Percy sat down to enjoy the warmth and comfort that was radiated from the fire. Percy sighed as his thoughts drifted back to his moments with Thalia. He wondered where Thalia is right now and what is she doing. Same goes for Nico and all of his other friends. Six years had passed, and there's not a single day that Percy didn't miss his friends and family. It was hard not to reveal himself to everyone, but Percy couldn't bear to face them after what happened with Annabeth. He didn't know if they would hate him or forgive him. In the years, he'd learn so many things that were even hidden from the eyes of the gods. For example, Percy met a strange boy called Carter Kane and he was some sort of magician. At first, Percy thought he was going to pull a rabbit out of a hat, but apparently, that's not what Carter meant by 'magician'. Gods from the Egyptian and Norse mythologies were real, but some kind of Ancient Law had prevented the three powers from meeting or even discovering each other's existence. Percy managed to discover them and got accepted, but he knew he couldn't stay long. He didn't belong in their world just as much as they didn't belong in his. He'd learn to conceal himself from the gods, but his scent was still just as strong towards monsters or pretty much anyone who could smell him. Then, he learned about the dragons. In a far, mystical place called Hawaii (yes, Percy has been to Hawaii. It's the Labyrinth's fault, long story), he'd met an entrance in one of the volcanoes called Mauna Loa. As Percy trudged deeper into the cave, he stumbled into a cavern filled with some kind of dragon people. They called themselves Draconians. The Draconians were dragons that had morphed into humans so they wouldn't take so much space in hiding. Percy had never seen them in their true form, but after a few close calls with their flaming breaths, Percy believed them. After learning some things about them and following their ways, the Draconians called him a Youngling, which stands for a young dragon. Because that Percy didn't have the strength of a dragon, they gave Percy a sword. It was massive and broad, about the size of a surfing board. The hilt was wrapped in leather while the blade was Dragon Scales, melted down and shaped into a blade. Percy could wield it just fine and it proved useful against the hard skin of a drakon. The reason he'd accepted the sword was because he didn't have anything to defend himself with. His sword, Riptide . . . it brought bad memories. Percy was disrupted out of his thoughts when he smelled something in the air. Yeah, during his time with the Draconians, all of his senses and physical abilities increased incredibly. The last six years he'd spent alone hadn't gone to a complete waste. He trained and improved himself greatly, training slightly with the Egyptians and Norse people. His training with the Draconians weren't finished yet, but since he's not a dragon, it's technically finished since that's all his human body could learn. His nose picked up a weird smell, which Percy figured to be a monster. He stood up, extinguished the flames and took his sword out. The only way to hide his sword was with the Mist, but he didn't need it now because he's hiding himself. Ever since he was alone, darkness had become his ally. He blended in with the shadows, waiting for his enemy to appear. Percy hid behind a tree and steadied his breathing. He listened closely and touched the ground. Footsteps . . . Heavy . . . More than two . . . Weird dog smell . . . There were probably several Hellhounds and Cyclopes around him. Percy glanced around the tree to see if there were any hostiles. He'd spotted a Cyclopes lumbering around, sniffing the air. It had definitely caught Percy's scent and isn't leaving until it finds him. Percy crept up towards the Cyclopes slowly and quietly. "Demigod! Where are you? Let me eat you!" The Cyclops bellowed. Percy pulled his hood over his head and wore a hard plastic white mask that covered the bottom half of his face, so you could only see his top half. He felt like Bane, but it was the only way to keep anyone from recognizing him instantly. Percy lunged forward and slashed at the waist of the Cyclops, catching it off guard and splitting it in half. The monsters crumbled into dust slowly. His nose caught up with another scent. The first ones were monsters, Hellhounds and a few Cyclopes, but the other scents were weird. Percy recognized it, but he couldn't remember what it was. Turns out, he didn't need to remember. "Hunters, take them out." Percy heard Artemis shouted. Without hesitating, Percy ran towards the opposite direction from where the voice came from. Then, he heard another voice. "Help!" A child's voice cried out. From the sound of it, it was a girl's voice and she sounds like a little kid. Percy scanned the area quickly and sees the girl being attacked by a Hellhound. The girl was screaming as she tried to get rid of the Hellhound with a long branch. The Hellhound growled as it slowly advanced at her, waiting to take its meal. Percy was in a dilemma. He didn't want to be discovered by Artemis because he knew, if Artemis was here, so were the hunters and if the hunters were here, that means Thalia's here. On the other hand, Percy didn't want to leave the helpless child alone because he knew he would feel the guilt later on. Then, an image started to flash back into his head. The image of his bloody sword and Annabeth sprawled lifeless on the ground in front of him. Percy blinked and put one hand on his head, trying to get the image out of his head. Percy . . . Annabeth's faint voice said in my mind. He shook his head, trying to put it all aside. "Fuck it," Percy muttered as he dashed towards the girl. Percy took his sword it's sheathe on his back and swung his sword upwards, making the monster disintegrate. Percy looked at the girl. She had a long pink hair, which Percy found adorable. Her eyes were purple in colour. She was crying from fear as she backed away from me. "It's okay, little one. I killed it, see? No evil doggies." "Why should I trust you?" The girl said. When she talked, Percy saw fangs, which was kind of weird. "The other guys tricked me into being their slave. I killed them all." Percy's eyes widened. She kills people? "How old are you?" "I'm twelve." Then, Percy heard the sounds of footsteps just a few meters behind them. "Uh, I'm in a hurry, so, bye." Percy said before he ran. Well, at least he tried to run. "Don't move or we'll shoot!" A voice said, a voice that Percy recognized too well. Percy looked behind him and saw Artemis, the Goddess of the Moon and Hunt and her fellow huntress were all aiming their arrows at him. Percy kept his hood low so they couldn't see his eyes and face. The girl Percy just saved was frightened, but she edged closer towards him. Percy guessed that the girl might trust him more than the hunters, because they were aiming their arrows at both of them. "Who are you?" Artemis asked. Percy stayed silent, because if he spoke, his cover might be blown. Thalia knew him so much that she might recognize his voice when she hears it. Percy simply kept his head low without saying anything. "The goddess is talking to you, boy. " Phoebe snarled, drawing her bowstring a bit further back. The other hunters followed suit. There were probably a dozen of them, plus Artemis. "Who are they?" The girl asked next to Percy. Percy didn't answer but instead, he took his sword out. "Are you challenging us, boy?" Phoebe said with a dangerous tone. I stayed motionless. "Very well. Fire!" Artemis ordered. Volleys of silver arrows were launched from their bows, all aimed at Percy. Percy reacted quickly and stabbed his sword to the ground. Because of the broad blade, it was enough to cover most of his body if he crouched. He pulled the pink haired girl with him and hid behind the sword. Percy heard the clangs of metals against the sword every time an arrow hits it. "On my signal, run." Percy whispered to the girl. "Run where?" "Run away from here as fast as possible." Percy replied. "Hold your fire!" Artemis shouted. The volleys of arrows stopped. The trees and ground around them were littered with silver arrows. Some lodged into the tree trunks and some snapped in half. The instant the fire ceased, Percy pulled his sword from the ground and gave the girl an appointing look. The girl nodded and ran in, whoa . . . As she ran, she left a trail of purple images behind her, meaning she was running super fast. Who was that kid? However, Percy snapped himself out of his thoughts and ran away from the hunters. "After him!" Percy heard Artemis shouted. The hunters moved quickly and swiftly, using the tree branches to their advantages. The training over six years had increased his speed and stamina, but he wasn't as agile as the hunters. Every time Percy had dodged something out of his way, it would slow him down, making the hunters catch up on him. Eventually, Percy managed to outrun them all as Percy left the in the dust. Or so he thought he did. It was not until then Percy stopped dead in his tracks when he saw Thalia in front of him, arrow notched. "Nice try dude, but I'm way faster." Percy knew he couldn't run away from Thalia, because she is fast, even before