A/N: Here's something I haven't seen anywhere else. This is a standalone fic which I added with a little twist. It might be similar to Avatar, with the element manipulation and all, but mine is cooler. Well, nothing's cooler than Avatar (except for sprinkled donuts) but hey, nothing's perfect right? Without further ado, enjoy. P/S: It's a Percabeth. Also, the main character will be an OC instead of Percy because he has too much media attention already. Time for the little guy to step up. Chapter 1 When you're seventeen years old, you thought nothing could get worse other than high school. Well, if you never thought differently, then I envy you for having such normal lives. If your lives are ever normal, which I'm guessing not really. I had a normal life before that black haired guy flew through the window of my classroom and nearly destroyed everything with his bad mouthing punk-haired friend who seemed to shoot electricity from her hands. Before that, I'll start from the very top, okay? My name's Ai. I know, dumb name. I practically live alone since my parents are divorced and gave me a house to live in when I'm old enough to take care of myself. Both of them were too busy with work, so I had to look after myself. They're filthy rich too, which explains why I got a house for me. It's not a big house, but it's good enough for me to live in alone. I also got a high school scholarship, which is rare, so I was a somewhat smart kid. Life was going great. Then, on that fateful day, things went on normally. I was in class, studying and making the most out of life. The teacher, Mr Burke, was in the middle of explaining why Kronos ate his kids when suddenly, the window to our classroom shattered and a guy, probably the same age me, flew in and crashed onto me. The other students screamed and backed away from the guy, who was currently on top of me. "Get off me!" I said, pushing him off. I stood up, looking at him. There was not a single scratch on him, which was weird because from the velocity and way he fell, he should've been wounded somewhere. "Where did you come from?" "An ass whooping," He grunted. He tried to stand up, but he got brought back down by another person who flew in with the speed of a speeding bullet with her feet planted on the guy's chest. That should've cracked his ribs, but he just groaned in pain. "Stay down, Percy. You already lost this duel," The girl said with her hand on hip. "Uh huh, like that's gonna happen," The guy, Percy, moaned. He stood up and tried to run towards the girl, but the girl thrusts her hand out, shooting a bolt of lightning towards Percy and blinded the rest of us for a moment. When my vision cleared, the girl was standing near Percy, one foot on his back with a triumphant smug smile evident on her face. Percy groaned under her feet. Around me, I heard the students murmur. "Flew from nowhere . . . Flashbang from hand . . . Don't look very smart . . ." "Now, do you surrender?" The girl said. "Excuse me but what in the god's name is happening here?!" Mr Burke shouted. "You'd better have a good explanation for damaging the classroom and using live grenades in school grounds!" Wait, grenades? I looked at their hands and I don't see them holding anything. The pair stared at our teacher before the girl poked him, shocking him with electricity. "What did he mean grenades?" I stood up. It was probably not the wisest thing to do, considering the girl just shocked my teacher into unconsciousness, but I was curious. "Kid, maybe it's best if you don't interfere," Percy said. "No," I said with surprising stubbornness that I didn't know I had. "You just destroyed our class, so I think we have the right to know what the heck is going on," The girl's hand started to spark with electricity again. "I'd run if I were you," Percy said as he stood up. "Thalia's not a good negotiator." "I'm not gonna run because I want to know what are you guys doing in our-" I got interrupted when my face met that girl's fist. Thalia, was it? I don't really have the time to remember because I landed hard on the floor, head first. My vision went blurry and the air got knocked out of me, leaving me breathless. I gasped for air as I could hear Thalia walking towards me. She seems to fry the air around her. "Uh, Thalia," Percy called her. "We really shouldn't be interacting with mortals." "I'm gonna teach this kid a lesson," Thalia growled as she glared at me, like I was the one who destroyed the classroom. "Who're you calling a kid, freaking bug zapper," I said. I didn't know where the insult came from, but it felt good to get it out. I half expected them to get offended and start to squish me into a pulp, but instead, Percy burst out laughing. Thalia turned around and glared at him instead. "Why are you laughing? You're supposed to help me!" She growled. "Sorry," Percy said after he's done laughing. "That was just too funny. Nice one kid," They are confusing. At first they wanted to kill me and then Percy was acting like I was his friend. "You guys are being weird," "Please dont' hurt him," A classmate of mine, squeaked. "I'm just going to make him very sorry for interrupting," Thalia summed up. Then, another girl barged into the room. Unlike Thalia, this one actually looked like a normal girl. She's also around my age, with blonde curls flowing down her shoulders and grey eyes that looked like they could kill someone by staring for ten seconds. "Come on guys," The girl said. "We're gonna get in trouble if we stay any longer," "I'm ready to leave, but Thalia's being an idiot," "Shut up, Jackson," Thalia growled. Then, she turned her attention back towards me. "And you," She stepped clsoer. "Why are you pissed off at me anyway?" "You called me a bug zapper!" Then, the blonde girl started laughing. Thalia glared at her as well. "Sorry, that's just really funny." "I know right?" Percy smirked. "Shut up!" Thalia said. Her hand sparked with electricity. "Before I beat your asses as well," I then did something very stupid that god only knows why I did it. I kicked Thalia in the knee, making her fall face first to the floor before I made a run for it. Percy and the blonde girl barely had enough time to react as I jumped through the window of my classroom. As spontaneous that plan had been, I didn't fully thought it through, because I forgot that we were on the second floor. Shit. I landed rough on the ground with my legs. The jolt went up to my body and my legs felt numb. I grunted in pain and tried to stand. I'm surprised that they weren't broken, but it was still very painful. I ran like my legs were retarded. Thunder struck up ahead, even though it was a sunny day. Something bright zipped past from behind me and stopped a few meters in front of me. It was Thalia, and she looked pissed. I didn't know how she got here so fast, but I have nowhere else to run. "I'm going to enjoy beating you up," Thalia said evilly. "Come on Thalia," the blonde said. They got here quick. "Knock it off. He's just a normal human," "Normal people don't survive a two storey fall," Percy grinned. "Maybe he's got potential to be a collector." At that point, I lost track of what he was talking about. "That's because he's good at running away," Thalia glared at me. "Now let's see how he runs from this," Thalia thrusts her hand forward, shooting electricity from her hand and towards me. I don't really know how to describe the pain, so I'll try my best. Imagine every bone in your body vibrating violently with every inch of your skin feeling like it was piereced by teeny tiny needles. Now imagine your body moving like you're having a seizure and that every inch you move, hurts. A lot. That's about right. When it finally stopped, my body felt numb but alive. "That's enough Thals," the blonde girl said. "He had enough," "Suits him for trying to mess with me," Thalia smirked. Isn't that just rude? Here I was, trying to figure out why the fuck they trashed our classroom, and she treats me like I've just killed her grandmother. Anger boiled inside me. My hands felt hot and tingly. For some reason, I could move after taking that amount of electricity. I tried to stand up. "It's better if you stay down kid," Thalia said. "It'll hurt a lot less," "It'll hurt a lot more for you if I stand up," I growled. "What'd you say you little-" Thalia didn't finish her sentence. Instinct took over me. I thrust my hand forward, just like Thalia had. Elecricity flowed out of my hand, smashing into Thalia with full force, sending her flying a few meters back. Her body was smoking and some of her clothes were singed. "Whoa," Percy muttered. "That was insanely awesome," "And Thalia's lightning-proof too," The blondie added. She strolled towards me, where I was having a hard time trying to stay up. "What's your name, kid?" "I'm not a kid," I wheezed. "And the name's Ai." "An Elementalist maybe?" Percy asked. "Maybe," the girl agreed. Then, she turned back towards me. "I'm Annabeth," Then, I heard Thalia coughing and standing up. She glared at me, and she looked murderous. "You're gonna pay for that." Thalia growled. "Thalia, enough," Percy said. "Stay out of this," Thalia said as she crouched down. "Kid, get down!" Percy shouted. As Thalia shot right towards me like a bullet, Percy shot a stream of water towards my legs, making me buckle and fall to the ground. Thalia whizzed above me, missing me completely. Why is she being annoying? Anger boiled inside me again. Instinct took over. I stood up, facing Thalia. She was going to do that move again. I clapsed my hands together and slammed it to the ground palm first. At first, nothing happened. But then, the ground rumbled and spikes made out of ice sprouted from the ground, blocking Thalia's path. Thalia crashed into the ice spike at full speed, destroying it and making Thalia crash onto the ground as well. "Um," Percy muttered. "I swear that wasn't me. I can't even do that," "Knock him out," Annabeth said. Percy nodded and I was too dizzy to register what they had said. The last thing I remembered was Percy walking towards me before I blacked out. Line Break I woke up with a start on an unfamiliar bed. My body was in pain and my brain felt retarded. My vision was fuzzy for a few seconds before it cleared up. When I moved, my joints made unpleasant cracking sound. I groaned in pain when I tried to sit up straight. I looked around, trying to take in my surroundings. I was in a log cabin and was on one of the few bunk beds around. Or more like hospital beds. If I had to guess, this was some kind of infirmary. Several of the beds were occupied. On the bed right in front of me, was Thalia. And she was giving me the death glare. Her head was bandaged and her left arm was in a cast. Other than that, she looked perfectly fine to kill me. I wanted to just pretend I didn't see her and go