A/N: Here we go again... Chapter 1 Percy ducked under Artemis's hunting knife and swiped his leg under Artemis. She fell down to the ground roughly before rolling away from Percy's strike. She swiftly took her bow out and fired two arrows at the same time at Percy. Percy countered and fired his guns to deflect her arrows. Artemis grunted and fired again, but Percy just weaved side by side with ease, dodging her arrows at full speed. Artemis wanted to fire another volley, but Percy's sword tip was already pressed to her neck. Artemis snarled at him while Percy just grinned. He leaned in and whispered to Artemis. "I win," "Fine," She grumbled, clearly unsatisfied. She pushed Percy's blade away and glared at her boyfriend. Percy ruffled her hair affectionately "Hey, it's not every day I beat the Goddess of the Hunt," "In melee combat," Artemis corrected. "If we're limited to ranged weaponry, I would've beaten me," "Maybe," Percy shrugged. Artemis just hit him on the shoulder before Percy kissed her forehead. Then, they heard someone clearing their throat behind them. They turned around and saw Apollo leaning on a tree casually with an amused smile on his face. "Glad to see my sister's finally getting beaten," Apollo said. "Whoa!" He ducked as a silver arrow flew over him. "Calm down sis, geez! I was just kidding," "Are you really joking?" Artemis grumbled, notching another arrow. "Hey, God of Truth, remember?" Apollo grinned. "Anyway, Hestia asked for a quick meeting in thirty minutes." "We'll be there," Percy said. Apollo gave an appreciative nod and flashed away. "Don't you think he's spoiling you too much?" Percy looked at Artemis. "No one is spoiling me," Artemis grumbled. "Well, I do," Percy said and kissed her on the lips. No matter how many times he did it, Artemis still felt like she was melting with sensation. Whenever she kiss Percy, her heart did jumping jacks and her senses dulled. "You liked that," Artemis blushed. "You lips just taste sweet, that's all," "Well, thank you for your compliment," Percy grinned. Then, Lily and Julia came bursting from the trees and tackled Percy to the ground while giggling. "Percy!" Percy grunted. "Don't you know that I am an Olympian god?" "Not to us," Julia giggled. "To me, you're my brother," Percy managed to untangle himself from the duo and stood up. "A big and powerful brother," Percy chuckled and ruffled her hair. "Why are you guys here?" Artemis asked with a smile. "Oh, Trish caught a wild boar, so we thought you might want to look at it," Lily explained. "I'll be there in a minute," Artemis said. The girls nodded and ran off back to their camp. "Don't kill the bunnies!" Percy joked. Julia responded by sending a fireball straight at him. Percy just held his hand out and blocked it. "I swear those girls learn all this violence from you," "They're hunters, what do you expect?" Artemis grinned. "Now, are you coming to camp?" "Go on ahead," Percy said. "There's something I've gotta do. I'll see you at the meeting in Olympus," Artemis nodded and gave Percy a quick peck on the lips before flashing to her camp while Percy flashed to the Big House of Camp Half Blood. As soon as he arrived, someone screamed in surprise behind him. He also jumped n response. He turned around to see Thalia wide eyed in surprise. "Geez!" Thalia exclaimed. "Don't scare me like that, Percy!" "I'm an Olympian god," Percy explained. "Why does everyone address me like I'm their next door neighbour?" "Hey, you're the one who hated to be called Lord and all that, so that's on you," Thalia said. Percy shrugged because she did have a point. "So, why did you pop out of nowhere?" "Where's Chiron?" "I think he's in the archery range," "Can you call Sophia for me?" Percy asked. Thalia nodded and ran out of the Big House. Percy sat on one of the couches facing the fireplace. He waved her hand and lit the fireplace. Soon, he heard the sound of footsteps rapidly coming towards him. He looked towards the door to see Sophia grinning at him giddily and launched herself at him. "Daddy!" She said as she hugged her father. Percy smiled lightly as he embraced his daughter. No one knew of her identity except for him and Chiron. It's been a few weeks after he'd discovered her and he'd visited her often. Usually once a day, or maybe once every two days, but he always visited and because of that, Sophia was happy. She didn't have a father and mother for the last seven years of her life, so it's kind of a big deal for Percy to be there always for her. "Hey there Sophie," Percy chuckled. "Had fun today?" "Chiron taught me how to shoot an arrow," "And how did you do?" "She did well," A voice said from the door. Percy turned around to see his old mentor in centaur form smiling at him. "Surprisingly, she did not posses your talent at being horrible in archery," "Thanks for that," Percy said sarcastically. Chiron chuckled. "Are you okay here, Sophia?" Sophia nodded with a bit of enthusiasm. "Although Annabeth always called me a slowpoke. Aren't you the god of time, daddy?" "Being a descended of time can make you feel lazy," Percy explained to his daughter. "So next time if she calls you slowpoke, just say you have all the time in the world, okay?" "I don't think that's a useful advice," Chiron muttered. "Anyway, I have matters to talk with you personally, Perseus," Percy nodded. "Daddy has to talk with the horse guy for a moment. Go and impress some campers, okay?" Chiron raised an eyebrow at the nickname while Sophia giggled and left the two to talk in private. "What?" Percy smirked when he found Chiron looking at him. Then, the centaur's face turned serious. "Perseus, there's something weird going on around here," "We're living in a Greek world," Percy rolled his eyes. "Everything's weird. You're gonna have to be more specific than that," "The demigods," Chiron sighed. "They often tell me that they have a bad dream and all of them are vaguely familiar. They dreamt of the destruction of the world and a voice that asked them to abandon Olympus and join his forces," "And who is this aforementioned voice?" "I'm afraid that they do not know that. They always gave vague details but there was one thing in common, it's always nightmares." Chiron explained. Percy nodded. "Look after the demigods. Don't scare them and just tell them its just one bad dream. But if things gets worse, report to me," Chiron nodded. "As you wish, Perseus," "Teach Sophia well, okay? I'm going to Olympus for a meeting." Percy said. Chiron nodded as Percy flashed away and arrived at Olympus's throne room. The place looked as grand as ever, but it looked better without Zeus in the council. The prick is still in Tartarus and hopefully, he's suffering. That's a bit mean. Inside the throne room, no one was there yet. It seems like he was the first one to arrive, which was a first. Usually, he'll be the last if Apollo wasn't. Then, Hermes bursts into the throne room. He looked around frantically and saw Percy, who was surprised with his arrival. "Percy! Oh thank gods," "What's wrong?" Percy asked. "Why is everyone late?" "Late? No, you're ten minutes late for the meeting. Everyone else is asleep," Hermes said with panic. "So, everyone's asleep," Percy repeated. "Isn't that a good thing?" Hermes shook his head. "Come with me," Hermes put a hand on his shoulder and flashed him away. A second later, they arrived at what appears to be Hera's bedroom. Hera was in her nightgown, sleeping with a frown on her face. "Are you spying on my sister?" Percy asked. "What? No! I wanted to fetch her for the meeting and well, look," Hermes said. Percy looked closer to see Hera's expression wasn't a frown, but she was in deep pain. Like someone was torturing her in her sleep. "I tried waking her up, but every time I did, she would squirm around as if I was killing her." "Hera," Percy said softly and laid a hand on her forehead. Instantly, like Hermes said, she squirmed and thrashed around as if Percy's hand was made out of hot iron. Percy retracted his hand and Hera stopped moving, but her face was still in a pained expression. "This is bad," "You know what's worse?" Hermes asked. "All of the other Olympians are like this too," "Wait, you mean Artemis . . ." Percy didn't finish his sentence as Hermes just nodded. "I'll be right back," He said and flashed to the Hunt's campsite. When he arrived, the hunters were crowded around Artemis's tent. When Lily saw him, he ran toward him. "Percy! Thank gods you're here. It's Artemis, she's-" "I know, Lily," Percy said and went into Artemis's tent where her hunters made a path for him. Inside, Artemis was lying down on a bed and she was breathing heavily. Her skin was beaded with sweat and she was pale. Pain was evident in her expression as everyone looked at her with worry. "She's been like that just after she got back from meeting you," "Every time we tried to wake her, she was move around in pain," Julia said. "We didn't know what to do," Percy looked at his girlfriend with worry. Whoever's doing this was causing her and the other Olympians some serious pain, and Percy was going to find out why. "Whatever you do, don't try to wake her but keep a close eye on her in case anything happens." Percy said. "You hunters just stay here and guard your mistress, don't let anything harm her, got it?" Aside from Artemis, Percy was the only immortal who could tell the hunters what to do. They nodded. "Percy," Lily tugged at Percy's shirt. "Most of the hunters here had bad dreams every time they fell asleep. It's getting more and more frequent." "The demigods at Camp Half-Blood are going through the same thing," Percy said. "Something's happening, and I'm going to find out what," "We're coming with you," Julia said. "No, stay here and look after Artemis," Percy said, but both girls shook their head. "We're gonna help her by going with you and finding out what's happening. I'm not going to buy the girl who sits around and watches her mistress in trouble. The Hunt can take care of her." Lily said. "And you can't stop us, so let's go together," Julia said. Percy couldn't believe he'd just been beaten by a couple of immortal hunters that were thousands of years younger than him. "I swear some of Artemis's annoyance has rubbed on you. Let's go," Percy said. He put one hand on Julia's and Lily's shoulders before flashing to the throne room of Olympus, where Hermes was waiting in panic. "You're finally here," Hermes said. "Hello, Hunters of Artemis," "Lord Hermes," Both girls bowed respectfully. "How come you're not asleep?" Percy asked. "I'm the God of Messages. I'm always on the roll." Hermes said. "Now, we need to find out what's really happening." "Well, I have one thing in mind," Lily said. "What is it?" "Since everyone is in pain while they're sleeping, why don't we ask the God of Sleep, Hypnos?" They stared at her. "That's actually a good idea," Hermes said. "Why didn't we think of that?" "I really don't want to know," Percy said. "So, how do we get to Hypnos?" "Really dude?" "What?" "You know how to get to Selene, but not Hypnos?" "Hey, I don't have the Olympians Map of Gods in pocket, so you can't blame me, okay?" "But Hypnos is like the easiest god to find and-" "My Lords!" Julia almost shouted. "We have something to do,