A/N: Um, shhh . . . . Chapter 1 Percy's POV As the battle raged on in the sacred grounds of Greece, I tried to stay focused in keeping myself alive. Riptide was being a weapon of mass destruction as I slashed and hacked at monsters without mercy, and certainly without pleasure. I slaughtered monster after monster and still, they seemed endless. The demigods of Rome and Greece weren't doing too badly either. They managed to hold off on their own against the horde of monsters that was enough to wet anyone's pants. I've seen many of my friends fall in battle, but I have no time to be mourning for their deaths with all the battle raging around me. Among the fallen are the Stolls, Clarisse, Katie and both Leo and Frank who died when the Argo II crashed before even arriving here. "Seaweed Brain!" Annabeth shouted somewhere to my right. I glanced over to see her slicing her ivory sword, making her way towards me. We stood with our backs against each other. "Just like old times, huh?" "You're being nostalgic," I said as I slashed at the snout of a hellhound. "Besides, this is way more fun than the last war," "Fun and dangerous," Annabeth agreed. "Duck!" She shouted. I ducked as her sword swung over me, slicing a dracaenae in half. "I love you," I said. I don't know if we'll survive this battle or not, but if we didn't, I wanted her to know that. "Now's not the time, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth said as he stabbed a Cyclops in the gut. "But I love you too," The battle raged on for what seemed like hours. The really annoying thing was that the gods didn't help. Not even a single one of them lent a helping hand. Not even my father. In anger, I stomped my feet as hard as I could, using my power as the son of the Earthshaker. The ground shook violently and the earth starts to split open, swallowing monsters and bringing them into the heart of the Earth. From the earth, I pulled out the currents of water that was flowing deep inside in the earth. I'd only pulled off this trick once in Mount St Helens and I wasn't eager to try it out again. Why? Because the first time I tried it, I almost woke up the Father of Monsters, Typhon himself. By the way, he's a charming fellow, that guy. I dug deep and felt an intense pull in my gut. Soon, a torrent of water sprung out of the crevice that I just made. I swept my hand over the battlefield, sweeping the monsters off of their feet. "Jason!" I shouted, hoping he would hear me. I could see him just at the corner of my eye, floating in the air with his power over the wind. He nodded and struck the enemy with a bolt of massive lightning. At the other side of the battlefield, I heard Reyna shouting as she lifted the legion standards, the golden eagle. "Twelfth Legion Fulminata!" She said it with such ferocity and confidence that our allies' actually rallied and shouted as one, as the golden eagle shot chains of lightning which bounced from monster to monster. Thanks to the water magic I did earlier, the lightning bounced easier, along with Jason's lightning. Monsters were getting disintegrated left right and center at a rapid pace, but it was still not enough to make a dent in the enemy forces. Then, our troubles increased. From the earth, erupted an ungodly roar and the ground cracked. Everyone turned their attention at the center of the battlefield, including me. The earth exploded open, revealing Porphyrion with his brethren of earth giants and his band of world-wreckers. "Fear me!" Porphyrion bellowed. "For I will destroy Olympus and wake Mother Earth!" Surely, the Olympians must come now, right? A tidal wave? A massive thunder? Anything? Nothing? Well, fuck you too then. I moved forward, slashing at the monsters that were on my way. I ducked under the swing of the club of a Cyclops then rolled sideways, evading a dracaenae's weighed net. I sliced off the Cyclops's knee and stabbed the dracaenae in the gut. My reflexes were working overtime and for the first time since a while, my ADHD is keeping my alive. The constant clangs of metal and roars of monsters kept ringing in my ear. I slashed at the ribcage of another hellhound as I kicked another Cyclops in the nose and followed up with a stab at the back of its knee. The Gigantes were making themselves useful as they stepped on their smaller enemies, which happen to be my friends. Although I want nothing more than to drive my blade down their throats, I knew that would be suicide. The Gigantes couldn't be defeated, not without the help of the gods. The battle raged on all around me as my vision turned red. I don't know if I was hallucinating or not, but if I was, I was going to need some help. "They're endless," I muttered to myself. "As if we need more problems right now," Piper muttered next to me. I didn't realize she was there. "Having fun, Pipes?" I grinned as I panted heavily. Piper grinned back. "Are you kidding me? In the brink of death, facing another impossible obstacle, fighting for my life, I couldn't be having more fun than I have now," Piper managed. "I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not," Jason said next to me. "But if you are, than I agree with you." "Percy!" I saw Annabeth running towards me. "Hazel's dead," I gritted my teeth. I can barely control my anger at this point. I know that all of us were at our breaking point. We've been pushed out to beyond our limits. My friends are dying, the enemies are overwhelming, the giants are killing my friends and the gods are not even helping us. This was as far as it goes. "I'll kill Gaia with my bare hands," I growled. "I don't care how, but I will kill her." I gripped the blade of my sword and slid my hand slightly, cutting myself. "Percy, what are you doing?" Jason asked. "Hazel's blood has already been spilt," I muttered. "Let Mother Earth taste my blood as well," I dipped my hand over as a drop of my blood poured down and dropped to the Earth. "Are you sure you know what you're doing?" Jason asked, gripping his gladius tighter. "I'm going to kill Gaia, with or without help," I said, standing with my decision. "We'll stand with you," Piper said. Jason nodded as well. "Let's go kill us an earth goddess," Annabeth smirked. Seconds later, the ground rumbled violently. The most massive earthquake was occurring here, in Greece. It was stronger than any other that my dad had ever conjured up, and he is the Earthshaker. A womanly laugh erupted from the ground, as if the earth itself was laughing, which is kind of true. Percy Jackson, Gaia said. Never would I think that you would change sides at the last minute. "I didn't," I shouted to the earth. "I wake you up so just I could kill you myself," Gaia laughed again. Then, at the far distance up on a singular hill at the foot of Mount Olympus, a figure rose from the earth, towering up to forty feet tall. She had black hair, a somehow brownish complexion, matching the dirt completely and a serene smile, which twisted into an evil grin as soon as she saw us. Her green dress was made out of something that looked like the earth's very energy. If I didn't know that the bitch was Gaia, I would've thought that she was Hera, which was equally bad. "At last, we meet," Gaia bellowed. Surprisingly, her forces retreated, leaving us behind. I looked over to my side of that battlefield and I didn't enjoy what I was seeing. Out of the hundreds of demigods, both Roman and Greek, that came marching into battle, now it looked like only a few dozens were spared. "Oh gods . . ." Piper muttered. Everyone was shell shocked at this point, but we don't have the time for grief now. The Earth herself, Gaia, has risen, and it's up to us to face it. I mustered every single of our forces and stood in front of the thousands of monsters that stood in front of us. Along with the survivors were us, Reyna, Thalia, some Roman and Greek campers, a few nature spirits and a few of the hunters of Artemis. There' couldn't be more than seventy of us, but it didn't matter. We looked weak that moment but at the time, we looked like the line of the bravest and the strongest demigods ever. "So, it's just us," Reyna grimaced. "What will you do now, demigods?" Gaia mused. "The Olympians haven't come to your aide, your forces are reduced to nothing and your only hope of survival is to surrender." "What's it going to be, mortals?" Porphyrion bellowed, victory was obviously in his hands. "Guys, I don't want to be insensitive or sentimental," I gripped Riptide tighter. "But it's been an honor fighting with you guys," Jason actually smirked. "Never fail to put a smile on our faces," Jason said as he tapped his sword with mine. "That's Percy for you." "As a Roman," Reyna said with a smile etched in her face. "It was a privilege fighting with you guys," I stepped forward. "WE WILL FIGHT!" I shouted at Gaia. "WE WILL NOT SURRENDER!" "Such brave efforts," Gaia said almost sympathetically. "Alas, to no avail," "YOU WANT SOME?" Jason shouted next to me. "COME GET SOME!" "WE'LL TAKE YOU ON!" I shouted defiantly. The monsters roared in a mixture of disbelief and anger that they were challenged like that by a group of puny demigods. "I've been meaning to ask you this," Annabeth muttered to Reyna. "But where's Nico?" Suddenly, something appeared next to us. On cue, Nico popped out of the shadows panting. "Sorry, I was a bit late," "A bit late?" Piper stared at him incredulously. "I was going back and forth, trying to get my dad to help out, but he locked himself in the palace and won't let me in," Nico said. "So, I decided this." "What?" Jason asked. "You know what, fuck the Ancient Laws." Nico said. He had his Stygian Iron sword at one hand, and the Diocletian scepter on the other. He smacked the scepter onto the ground. At first, nothing happened. "That was anti-climatic," Annabeth grumbled. But then, the winds picked up and rippled across the battlefield. Gaia had a frown on her face while the monsters were getting restless. "What's going on?" "All hell breaks loose," Nico muttered. In the center of the battlefield, where the empty ground stood between us and the enemy, were thousands of humanoid figures, all armed and ready. They all looked alive and well instead of being ghostly like I would expect. "What the-" I stared at Nico. "I broke the Ancient Laws," Nico said. "These guys are from the Underworld. They're from Elysium, Asphodel, Fields of Punishment and several other places that I would not rather mention. I offered them one more chance to prove themselves in battle, and they will be re-judged by the time they return to the Underworld." "That means . . ." Nico nodded. "Luke, Beckendorf, Silena and everyone else is here. The ones that are in Elysium will stay in Elysium, so don't worry." Porphyrion laughed, which caught all our attention. "You think an army of puny ghosts will stop us?" He bellowed. "You don't have a god on your side. We can't be stopped!" Gaia regained her composure and stared at us with her earthly eyes (what does that mean?). "Your efforts are brave, but useless,"