A/N: Attention all of Aix98's readers . . . Hehe . . . It seems he's unconscious and I'll be taking over his account for now. Don't worry . . . Aix and I have the same name, and . . . the same body . . . hehe . . . We share the same body, so I'll just use this time to maybe kill his reputation. I don't need to tell you what chapter this is, do I? As Zeus cast the remains of his father, Kronos, to Tartarus, the gods cheered triumphantly. They had won the war with the Titans after several years of fighting. Their mother, Rhea, was running away from her children. Although it's true that she was the one who ordered Zeus to slay his own father, Rhea had to flee. She didn't want to involve herself in this any longer, as all her children would just cast her out. Well, almost all of them. In her arms, sleeping peacefully was a male child, just born after Zeus had matured enough to battle with his father. In her arms was the seventh child of Kronos and Rhea, the youngest of the future Olympian. Rhea had vowed to herself that she would raise this child on her own, for the child had the powers of his father. He is a godling, which makes him equal to his fellow siblings. "Do not worry, my child. I will keep you safe." Rhea muttered to her child. Line Break Rhea fled to a cave in Mount Ida, the same cave where she'd hid Zeus from her husband. There, she lulled the baby to sleep, and the baby fell asleep to the sweet and soothing serenade of his mother. The mother had never done this to any of her children, even Zeus because Zeus was taken care by other people other than her. She'd vowed to take care of this child by herself, and she will do it. "Sleep well, Perseus." Rhea said as she kissed the forehead of her son lightly. She'd decided to call her son that because it seems like a good name for a young god. With both of his parents being Titans and immortals, he himself was an immortal with the powers of a god, which is yet to be determined but with certainty, he inherits some powers of his father. Rhea smiled at the sight of the only son she really loved sleeping. Rhea knew this couldn't go on for long because eventually, she's going to fade and her son will have to face the world all by himself. The least that Rhea could do was train him, take care of him and love him as a mother should. Time Skip Perseus had grown over the millennia, maturing and grown into a fine immortal. Rhea and Perseus had grown really close to each other, despite his father being the one who devoured his brothers and sisters. Rhea and Perseus had together watched the gods ruled the Earth with Perseus's brother, Zeus, being their king. His fellow siblings did not know about his existence because their mother had told Perseus to keep it a secret until the right moment for him to reveal himself. Perseus honours his mother's wish and had never intend to break it. Perseus's power over time is little compared to Kronos, but he still has it. Rhea had offered him the title 'God of Time', but Perseus refused. He explained that he didn't want to be remembered just because he's the only child that had his father's powers. He wanted to be a god of something else, a different domain other than time. Besides, Perseus had vowed to her mother that he wouldn't use his father's powers, because he didn't want them to know he even had them. Perseus resented his father ever since Rhea told him the story on how he ate his siblings. It's not like Perseus cared about his siblings, well, maybe except for a few of them, but Perseus doesn't like the fact that his father would eat his own children just because he was afraid they might dethrone him. Well, it happened anyway. Perseus woke up with daylight streaming out of his room. They followed with the times, having a house and using Rhea's powers to make them as comfortable as possible, living with a family. For Perseus, he didn't care if he even lived on the streets. As long as he had his mother, he couldn't be any happier. "Perseus, my child, are you awake?" Rhea called. "I am now, mother." Perseus smiled. He woke up and went straight to his mother. Even after over a thousand years of living with each other, Perseus had never grown tired of his mother's company nor her voice. "Good morning, mother." "Good morning, Perseus." Rhea said with a smile. Perseus smiled back and embraced his mother, giving a kiss on her forehead. "You haven't aged a single bit." "Is that supposed to be compliment?" "It's a fact, mother." Perseus said. His mother chuckled. "That is sweet of you, my child." Rhea said. "Perseus, after your training with Achilles, I want to talk to you about something." Perseus smiled at his mother. "We can talk about it now." Rhea pursed her lips. "Later, after your training." Perseus was worried because his mother looked worried. His mother would never worry about anything unless it concerns him. "As you wish, mother." Perseus said, kissing his mother on the forehead once again. Rhea sighed. Today would be the day that she'd tell him the truth. Gaia had warned that this would happen. There's a reason why Rhea insisted on hiding Perseus's identity from everyone, including her other children. Gaia had warned her that should Perseus be kept alive, she'll have to fade. Why? Because where there is death, there will always be death. Meaning, Rhea had exchanged her soul for the sake of Perseus. Perseus wasn't supposed to live, heck, he wasn't even supposed to exist, but he did. Now, for some reason Rhea would not like to question, Rhea had to give up her existence so Perseus could live. Rhea doubts that her son would like this. Rhea had tried so hard to be far away from her son as possible so this parting would be easier, but she couldn't. Rhea loved her child too much. She loved him more than his other brothers and sisters because he was the only one who looked at her as a mother. Her other children just looked at Rhea as the wife of the Titan who just ate them. Unconsciously, a tear slid out from her eye and streamed down her cheek. She found herself smiling at the memories that she had spent with Perseus. Every single pain, hardship, bitterness, enjoyment and happiness that they had experienced together as mother and son. Now, she has to do what's best for him. Line Break "Mother, I'm home." Perseus called. Rhea was silently crying in her room. "Mother?" Perseus called. Perseus looked everywhere for his mother and eventually, he found her, weeping in her room. "Mother, what's wrong? Why are you crying?" He knelt next to his mother and wiped the tears. Rhea looked at her son in the eyes. For some odd reason, unlike his father, he had sea green eyes instead of golden. Then again, all of his siblings had different eye colours. Rhea would never forget the beauty of his eyes. Without warning, Rhea embraced her son tightly. "Perseus . . ." Rhea whispered in her son's ear. "Yes, I'm here mother. There's no need to cry." Perseus rubbed her mother's back soothingly, reassuring that he was there for her. That just made it harder to let him go. "Perseus, there's something I need to tell you." Rhea said, trying to regain her composure. "What is it?" "I-I . . ." Rhea tried to speak, but no words came out of her mouth. "It's okay, mother. I'm here for you." Perseus said with a smile. "I'm going to die, my child." Rhea whispered softly. That moment, the world seemed to slow down. "Mother, if this is your idea of a joke, it is not funny." Perseus said seriously. Rhea shook her head. "It's not a joke, Perseus. I wish it is a joke, but . . ." "What are you saying?" Perseus asked. "You're a Titan. You're immortal. You can't die. You can't leave me!" Rhea shook her head. "My child . . . It's not my wish to leave you." Rhea started crying again, but she kept on. "But I'm doing this for you." "What do you mean?" "The Fates have ordained it. You should have not be allowed to live. You weren't supposed to exist, and yet here you are. They were going to take your life, so I had to intervene . . ." Perseus's eyes widened as realization dawned to him. "You took my place? Why? WHY?!" Perseus had tears coming out of his eyes. "Why would you leave me?!" Despite the shouting and anger Perseus showed on his face, his mother smiled. "Because I do not wish to see you, the only child I've ever loved as a mother, taken by the Fates. I'm so happy to have spent my time with you, making all those happy memories that I certainly would not forget." Rhea cried as the smile on her face became more sad and sweeter. "I remember when you were just a little boy." "Mother, please . . ." Perseus pleaded. He grasped his mother's hand tightly and cupped it into his cheek. "I don't want to lose you." "You won't, Perseus, for I will forever be in your heart." Rhea smiled. "I want you to live your life and bring joy to the world as you brought joy to me." "But I want you next to me." "I have lived in this world long enough, my child and luckily, I've lived long enough to have raised you into a wonderful young god." Rhea smiled. "Let it remain in your heart that I will and forever love you, Perseus. I know you would do well by your own." "No, please . . ." Rhea kissed Perseus's forehead one last time then leaned to his ear. "Be a good little boy and promise me that you will treat others with respect. Promise me, you would not cry." Perseus nodded. "I promise, mother." Tears were streaming from his eyes as he listened to his mother's final words. He glanced over to his mother and saw that she was already fading. "Now, give one little smile for me." Rhea said sadly. Perseus's lips were trembling from the sadness he was holding back. As his lips curved into a small, sad smile, his mother smiled also. Rhea ruffled his hair and it turned messy. "I love you, Perseus." Perseus watched as his mother fades into the sky. "I love you too, mother. I will and forever love you." The last thing Perseus saw was the smiling face of his mother before it faded into the sky. Perseus's hands trembled. His mother was gone . . . He couldn't take it anymore. He cried himself to sleep. A bit sad, eh? Don't worry, there's more to this chapter. Line Break (Present Time) (A/N: Before TLO) Perseus stood at the very, very top of the Empire State Building, the antenna. He overlooked the New York City landscape and smiled at himself on how much things have changed in just a few millennia. Perseus followed the flames of the West, where it resided here, in the mortal city called New York. Perseus was still a vacant god, which meant he could choose any domain that he would see fit. The Fates have yet declared what god was he supposed to be, and he didn't even care. All that he knew was, he was a powerless immortal with amazing combat abilities. Three millennia