Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of the characters. CHAPTER ONE: TURBULENCE "Always remember that you're absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." - Margaret Mead BELLA POV : "Mike, you need to stop with that crap." I chastise, failing to keep my curious eyes from seeking his out. He seems to be back to his degenerate hobbies again, and I already don't like the mood that dealing with these drugs has put him in. "Shut up, Bella." He hardly gives my censure any mind, spreading the small baggie of weed out on the coffee table that separates us. His tone is undoubtedly irate. I watch the way his brows scrunch in frustration. "This is some fucking bullshit." "What's wrong?" I ask, surveying the crumbles of greenery as if I could spot some type of fault in the quality. I know less about marijuana than I even know about the reason why Mike wastes his time with the stuff. It is incredibly potent. The distinct aroma lingers in the air and will alert his mom of her son's debauchery as soon as she walks through the front door. Though the quality seems correct, there is something else that has obviously upset him. "I paid thirty-five dollars for this." Mike looks up. His brows are still strained with displeasure; an unmistakable violence awakens within his eyes. "I knew that bag felt light. That bastard ripped me off." "Who'd you buy it from?" There are a lot of people who dabble in the art of selling and buying drugs. I tend to stay clear away from that crowd. Partly because my father is chief of the town's police department, but mostly because they are the type of people you just don't want to get involved with. They're ruthless, and violent, and can't be trusted. Every time you look around someone is getting mugged or beat up by someone who runs with that bunch. They're always getting arrested and causing the town chaos. Gang violence is one of the number one reasons for crime in Forks now. "Eric sold it to me yesterday." He snatches the baggie off of the table and begins scooping the bits of weed back into its plastic concealer, taking great care not to knock any of it onto the floor. His parents would have a fit if they were to catch him. They are both well-off lawyers and expect nothing less than exemplary behavior from their prodigy son. I think that's one of the reasons Mike tries so hard to rebel. He hates living the structured life-style his parents have mapped out for him. "Do you still have his number in your phone?" He wonders curiously. I nod my head, allowing the faintest hint of apprehension to dance across my facial expression. "Text him and tell him to come over here." Mike shoves the baggie back into his pocket, casting me a wry sideways glance when he sees my hesitation. "And don't tell him that I'm here. Tell him I went to the store or something." I'm slightly lost for words. My mouth opens to decline his request, but nothing actually comes out. Mike's anger intimidates me. Being his girlfriend does not warrant me with special treatment from him. I've learned that just going along with what he wants is best, but sometimes I have to put my foot down and draw a line somewhere. I don't want to be the pawn between him and Eric. Taking on that role will only weaken the ties that I have with Eric, and he happens to be one of my really good friends. Besides, I'm not the one who has an issue with Eric. If Mike wants to confront him, then he should take the initiative to do so on his own. "Well, what the fuck are you waiting for?" He asks impatiently, focusing his steely, ice-blue eyes on me. The intensity inside of his gaze makes my moral determination falter quite easily. I want to do the right thing, but the truth is, I'd much rather see Eric on the receiving end of Mike's wrath than myself. "Are you going to do what I asked you to do?" "What are you going to do to him when he gets here?" "Why are you so concerned about Yorkie?" His eyes narrow slightly. It's hard not to notice the frightening possessiveness within his stern expression. "Is there something you want to tell me? Are you fucking him, Bella?" I scoff at his crude accusation. It's completely absurd. No one in Forks has enough gall to even look at me the wrong way. Everyone knows that I belong with Michael Newton. They respect him and they respect that fact. Eric is quite possibly the last person he has to worry about straying my attention away from him. He's spineless. I guess that is something we both have in common. "You still didn't answer my question." He grabs my face between his hands forcibly, putting zero effort into making his actions gentle. I think he likes to see people cower underneath him. It gives him a power surge, an ego boost, a sense of self-worth. "Are you forgetting that your pussy belongs to me?" I close my eyes, hoping that when I'm forced to reopen them, Mike won't be staring into my soul so indignantly. He wasn't always like this. I remember a time when Mike was sweet, and innocent, and endearing. We'd been infatuated with each other all the way through grade school and junior high, but we did not officially start dating until we became freshmen. At the beginning, he was the perfect boyfriend and all the girls resented me for his faithfulness. He didn't become this frightening person until the middle of sophomore year, and I have absolutely no idea where the transformation came from. It started with him missing significant amounts of school, then the thing with him frequently losing his temper began, he got into smoking and going to parties, and before I knew it he was a completely different person. "Tell me." He demands, and I am slightly taken aback by his tone. "Tell me that it's mine." "It's yours." I mumble quietly, barely even audible against the silent background that encompasses us. I do not like being objectified by Mike, but I've also learned that it's not at all about what I like. Keeping Mike happy is first and foremost. "No, open those pretty, brown eyes." He insists, running the back of his hand along my warm cheek. His touch is soft and it forces my heart to beat rapidly. "Look at me and tell me that it's mine." Mike and I are not so different. I've come to understand that our similarities are what attracts us and not our opposites. My mother and father divorced when I was a little girl. Renee moved back to Florida with her mother and Charlie got us a comfortable home in Forks. Over the years, he's kept a very good eye on me. School and responsibilities have always come first, values and abiding the laws are my oaths, and living above the influence has been stuffed down my throat since I hit puberty. I guess growing up in such a strict household has made me crave thrill in some way or another. I'm not allowed to go to parties, I'm barely allowed out on school days, and Church is a must every Sunday morning. While I don't appreciate Mike's domineering behavior when he takes it too far, I have to admit that knowing he can easily dominate me gives me an adrenaline rush like no other. My cheeks deeply redden, the tingly feelings in the pit of my stomach spread through me, and my eyes lock onto his accordingly. I peer up at him coyly and through a fringe of dark lashes. I can tell he likes this because the corner of his mouth twitches. "It yours." I say this surely, relishing from the way he can make me feel so alive. "That's a good girl." He commends me in an appreciative tone. His lips press into mines for a brief kiss. "Now, do what I told you to do." With an effortless release, my will is gone. "Alright." He is a manipulator and I know I'm probably only valuable for his entertainment. But that doesn't stop me at all. ... An hour later Eric is knocking on Mike's front door, unaware of the wrathful boy that's awaiting his well-anticipated entrance. Mike is on top of me, disheveled and aggressive. He's attacking my mouth with a ferocity that has to be stemmed from his previous irritation. We're sprawled out across his mother's snow-white sofa, and he's nestled right between my legs where I want him to be. The knock on the door distracts Mike and he pulls away from me. I am immediately disappointed and I want to pull him back. I have better sense than to complain about it though. The door is unlocked and Eric finds his way into a situation he had not been prepared for. "Hey Bella." He sees me first, sitting on the couch breathless and swollen-lipped. Mike is on the other side of the wall waiting for him to take the first few steps into the house. "What did you call me over fo..." Eric does not get to finish his sentence before Mike has rushed into him and knocked all of the breath out of his lungs. Mike shoves him against the wall violently. They're supposed to friends but I see no evidence of this now. Eric is pinned against the wall by Mike's strong arms, winded and unprepared. He tries to shake his head, but his uncomfortable position limits his movements. "Bro, what the fuck did I do?" "Give me back my fucking money." Mike snarls viciously, widening Eric's fearful eyes even more. "Or I swear to fucking..." "I don't have it!" Eric says quickly, casting his panicked eyes in my direction. It's obvious that I helped Mike set him up. There isn't much accusation on Eric's face however. I think he knows how domineering Mike can be when it comes to getting his way. I still send him a very apologetic look. "What do you mean you don't have it?" Mike shoves him into the wall harder. Eric's back welcomes the hard, granite wall warmly. A whoosh of expelled air follows the brute impact. "Who the fuck did you give it to?" "I got the weed from Jasper Hale." He explains quickly, innocently shaking his head. "I gave him the money." "So, Cullen and his boys are up to no good again?" The mention of the name "Cullen" immediately sends an alarm off in my head. Mike may have a reputation of being a trouble maker, but that is nothing compared to Edward Cullen and his gang. Edward is the most volatile person that I've ever known of. He's hot-tempered and explosive, he has mercilessly beaten people who've approached him the wrong way, and he's from the deep burrows of Kirkland, Washington. Kirkland is one of the most dangerous parts of Washington, where the crime rate is uncharted and steadily rising. Only the most daring of people venture out of the safe boundary lines Forks has set to meet up with the risks Kirkland provides. Forks is the wealthier side of Washington. It is where all of the doctors, lawyers, and real estate agents live. This is where the kids from Kirkland would live if their lives were just a little bit less misfortunate. Edward Cullen and his gang go to school in Kirkland. However, since most of the high schools down there are losing their accreditation, the two towns have made an agreement to let some of Kirkland's students attend Fork's High for half a day. This makes sure they'll have just as equal of a chance to graduate in the spring. "I've got a few words for