Run. It's what I did. Hunt. It's what I do. Kill. It's what I've done. There are things I wish I hadn't of had to do. But I did them a way to survive. But that's the thing isn't it. Few are willing to do what it takes to survive no matter what. Do Thats what I was doing now. But that's what brings me to now. Running. I sprinted down the slope, my lungs on fire and my legs burning. I didn't know how much longer I could keep on going. That's when I burst into a clearing. I ran to the other end before I realized there were people there who hadn't noticed I was there. No! I turned around right when I noticed this. That's when the Cyclops entered the clearing. He saw the girls and instantly swung his club at the nearest one. The girl had just noticed the Cyclops and it was to late for her to move. I using the last of my energy I sprinted to her and pushed her out of the way. The Cyclops hit me dead in the chest, violently throwing me into a tree. Pain exploded in my chest and back. I slumped forward and passed out in pain. I managed to open my eyes in time for me to see the Cyclops above me about to hit mg his club down on me. Right when the Cyclops brought his club down on me it exploded into golden dust. Every tiny movement of my head or any other part of my body sent massive waves of pain all throughout my body. "What should we do with him?" I heard one of the girls ask. "Put him down." I heard a much older voice say. I look to see Artemis with her bow drawn pointing at me. I smile and lay my head back and whispered, "Please, I'll take joy knowing you killed me." I closed my eyes right when she released the arrow. At that same moment there was a bright flash then I heard Apollo scream. "No!" but that was all I heard before I blacked out with the arrow piercing my chest. Apollo pov. How could he do this! He knows his time is limited but this is just stupid! I have spent the past few hours searching for him. Suddenly I found his signature and I didn't like where it was. He can't be doing this. That would just be cruel of him if he did that. I flashed in right as I saw Artemis release her arrow. "No!" I screamed out and Artemis had a smug look on his face. But that went away when the arrow pierced his chest. I immediately rushed over to him and started to heal him, hopping I wasn't to late. It took me a few minutes but I knew he would live. That's when I turned around and saw Artemis. She had a look of intense pain and sadness yet at the time immense anger. But it seemed that her anger was winning out over her other emotions. "HOW DARE YOU SAVE HIM! HE IS A MISTAKE THAT SHOULD BE KILLED. HE SHOULD NEVER OF EXISTED. HOW COULD YOU HAVE BETRAYED ME SO MUCH AS TO SAVE HIM AND REMIND ME OF THE PAIN THAT NIGHT!" She shouted at me enraged. "I didn't save him. He survived on his own for years before I found him. He was half starved and nearly dead at the time but I knew he deserves to be saved. To have a chance in the world." I said to her. "No! He doesn't deserve to live. He is a mistake that needs to be corrected." she said with less confidence. Suddenly there was almost like a blast of power yet it was pure emotion. You could feel the sadness and pain behind it. I looked behind me to see him standing and looking at Artemis. "Guess I know why now." he said softly but we all heard him. He looked so broken, like the world was weighing him down. His eyes seemed to be shattered glass, liquid pools of sadness that you couldn't help but cry when you saw them. He turned around and left, running off into the forest. I knew exactly what he was doing and Artemis knew it too. "You're the goddess of children! Yet you can't even accept your own. How pathetic." I said to Artemis before turning around to go after jax. Artemis had a look did pure defeat on her. He shoulders slumped and eyes tearing up. "You want to know what his life has been so far!" I said to her again instead of going after jax. The only way to fix this was to get her to accept him. Artemis just shook her head. "He was taken into foster care where he was best every day for no reason until he was 8. That's when he ran away only to be captured and taken prisoner as a sex slave for the next four years." Artemis was balling by this point. "He managed to escape only to live in the street for the next 2 years where I found him starved and half dead." I walked up to Artemis and crouched down beside her. "Please stop." she barely managed to whisper in between sobs. "And when he was finally well enough to get around by himself it was Christmas time so I asked him what he wanted. He didn't ask for some robot toy, or a pony or car. Not a computer or TV. No, do you want to know what he asked for?" Artemis shook her head but I leaned down and told her anyways. "A mother." I whispered to her ear. She was full on balling even harder now. The sobs wracking her small frame making her shake. Zoe came over and comforted Artemis until she calmed down enough to talk. "Where is he?" she asked in a small voice. "Where does one go when meeting the end?" She looked absolutely shocked at what I said. "What do you mean." she asked "What i mean is that because you never accepted him and neither did his dad, the godly energies Inside his body are right each other. It's killing him and he doesn't have much time left. When he just heard you say what you said, he lost that last little bit of hope that he would of been accepted. And saved." I whispered the last part. She gasped. "So where does one go when meeting the end?" I asked again. "Where it all began." she whispered then she was off. Jax pov. I barely managed to get there before I collapsed on a rock. My ribs and back hurt immensely but it didn't matter now. I looked out over the cliff into the ocean as the moon rose above the horizon. At long last I will have peace. The ocean and moon, the two halfs of me that will finally be at peace. I painfully raised my hand in front of my face. Slowly what looked like just stardust slowly started to dissolve from my hand and head to the moon. The energy is returning to where it came from. Then suddenly I felt her presence. Right behind me. "What are you doing here. I thought you said I was a mistake" I asked resentfully. She approached and didn't say anything. I wasn't that resentful or even angry, I just wanted to be accepted. She sat down next to me and didn't say anything for a while but the energy flowing from me stopped. "I'm sorry." she finally managed to say. "I'm so, so sorry." She said with tears in her eyes. She leaned over some, picked me up and put me in her lap hugging me. I groaned in pain when she did this but I didn't mind to much. I tested my head in the crook of her neck while her tears ran down my neck. "Thank you." I whispered. "Your welcome... My son" she said. And suddenly I felt at peace. The two powers inside of me finally not fighting but instead actually working in harmony. Peace at last, just not in the way I had imagined. We Had sat there till dawn not moving at all. It felt nice in her arms, her warm embrace making me feel things I had never felt in my life. I fell asleep and the next thing I know is in being woken by Artemis. "It's dawn now and we must go." I nodded my head. "I cannot walk." I said looking down in shame. She took took my head in her hands and turned me to meet her gaze. "Do not feel ashamed. You are injured. Very injured at the. Apollo only managed to heal just enough so you would live." She told me. "I will carry you back." she said as she lifted me from the ground. "Aaahhh!" I screamed. Pain shot through my back and chest as I was lifted. Black spots appeared in my vision as I almost blacked out from the pain. "I'm sorry but I Will try to walk as carefully as possible so it doesn't hurt to much." much to her word the walk back wasn't too bad. She walked into camp carrying me. Apollo rushed up to us ready to heal me some more but I turned him down. "I'm going to heal naturally like I always have before." Artemis, still carrying me, took me over to a tent I didn't notice before. She pushed the flap aside and walked in. Inside it was much larger than the outside with a queen sized bed in the center. A bathroom off to the side of the room and a chest of drawers off to the other side. The bed had a bunch of furs on it making it look ultra comfortable. "Before I get in bed I need to go to the bathroom." I asked awkwardly. The next few minutes were full of fumbling of me trying to go to the bathroom and Artemis not looking. Finally I had made it to bed where I laid down( and relaxed. "Sleep, I will be back later with food." and so sleep I did. I woke tied up in the floor somewhere in the forest. The moment I moved pain shot up all over my chest and back. I groaned out in pain. "Oh look, the boy is awake." I heard someone say. A girl with black hair walked into my vision. She leaned down till she was crouching by my head. "So boy , what have you done to our mistress!" she said. When I didn't respond she kicked me in the ribs. "Tell me!" she said again. Behind her I could see a few other girls all looking at me. Suddenly I was kicked again and more pain shot up everywhere. "If you don't tell me then I will set a stampede of stage after you." she said, her words seething with venom. When I said nothing she spit on me and said filthy mail then nodded to another girl. All the girls dispersed and Suddenly the ground started shaking. Then all of a sudden I was being kicked and thrown around by a stampede of stags. I blacked out from the pain real quick, it being too much for me to handle. Next thing I know is in being picked up and taken somewhere but I was to incoherent to comprehend anything. Then I blacked out again. I woke up in my bed later, how long I didn't know, with bandages all over me making me unable to open my left eye. That's when I noticed someone next to me. I looked over and saw Artemis laying there. She woke up Suddenly and saw that I was awake. She clearly had been crying before because her