Here is a story that has been floating around in my mind for awhile. The title is taken from Justin Moore's song 'Bait a Hook'. I listened to copious amounts of Justin Moore, Luke Bryan, and Kip Moore while writing this story. Friday Evening about 6pm JPOV I rolled over on the bed to the sound of pounding on my bedroom door. I really didn't want to deal with this. 'What!' I yelled. 'You need to get up and out of this house. NOW!' 'No. Go away, Peter.' I swear my brother was alive to annoy me to death. One year older than me and he thinks he knows everything. And has to tell everyone his opinion, whether you wanted it or not. The door opened and my brother walked into my room. I watched as he walked up to the bed. 'You need to get up, shower, and get back to the world. This mopin' and layin' around is ridiculous.' 'Why do you care?' 'Why?! Cause you're my brother. And people are startin' to talk. I can't be known as the handsome devil with the crazy ass brother. The ladies will talk and I can't have my reputation tarnished because you're an idiot. ' I rolled my eyes. Ladies. Please there was only one lady in Peter's life and he knew it. 'You know Char would have your ass if she heard you talkin' like that. ' He chuckled. 'Don't I know it. Now get up and take a shower because you stink and let's go to the game tonight.' 'I don't want to go. She will be there with him and I don't want to see them together.' 'It's your own fault about that situation. You thought it was okay to forget your anniversary and just shrug it off when she got mad. No wonder she got with city boy the following week. He treats her like a princess and dotes on her all the time. Aren't you worried that you lost her forever?' That was million dollar question. But I knew the answer. City boy, aka Edward Cullen, had moved to our town last year with his parents and sister, Alice. His father, Carlisle, was the town's new doctor and his mom, Esme, stayed at home. Edward walked around like he was better than all of us that had been born and raised in this town for generations. He also drove a Volvo. What man can call himself a man and drive that prissy car? 'Nah. I ain't worried. ' 'And what reason?' 'He can't bait a hook.' 'What!? That ain't a good reason. You need to be talkin' to her and tellin' her you're sorry and showin' her that you love her. Beggin' for forgiveness.' 'I do love her and I am sorry but all that other stuff ain't me and it definitely ain't us. I know Bella better than she knows herself. I have known her since she was born. All that fancy shit ain't important to her. He won't last long with her and then I'll come in afterwards and we will be back together.' 'You know that sounds crazy.' 'Yeah, but it will work out. I guess I better get in the shower. Can't keep those Swan sisters waiting, now, can we?' My brother laughed and nodded. The Swan sisters, Bella and Charlotte, were twins. Although, they didn't look alike physically; they both had a feisty personality that kept Peter and I on our toes. Peter and Charlotte, or Char, had been together forever. Bella and I were best friends for the longest time and then a month after my sixteenth birthday we decided to become the couple everyone in town knew we were goin' to be. 'No sir. Those Swan sisters are dangerous when pissed and I love to keep all my parts in the right places.' 'All right. Let me get ready.' Peter walked out of my room and I got up and walked over to the bathroom and started up the shower. Peter was right. I did stink. I took about 15 minutes to clean my body and hair. I turned off the water and got of the shower, grabbing a towel to dry off with. I wrapped the towel around my waist and walked into my room to grab some clothes. I got a pair of boxers and socks out of my dresser. Then I got my dark wash jeans and navy striped button down with a white tee underneath it. I pulled the towel off and got dressed. I pulled my boots out and got them on. Last thing before I left, I grabbed my phone, wallet, and truck keys. I would let My Bella know what she was missing. Peter was waiting for me in the living room. Our parents had already left for the game. Football in Texas was big even if it was high school. The whole town would be there. We left the house and got in my truck. I started it up and we headed out to the school field. This late parking was goin' to be difficult and my truck ain't exactly small. Bella had helped my parents pick it out for my sixteenth birthday. It was all big, black, and chrome. I loved it. 'Hey, tomorrow we are goin' to the lake. You in?' The lake. Perfect place to see and watch Bella. Granted she would be with Edward but I would be able to watch them and show her I was the better man for her. Only problem. 'Who else's is goin'?' 'You know the usual. Me and Char; Bella is bringing Edward and his sister; I think Emmett is bring Rose. I don't know who else. What does it matter?' 'It matters if the Slut sisters are there. You know they have been all over me since Bella and I broke up. Like I would touch them at all.' I shuttered. 'They might be there. It's a public lake. And so what if they are. Just ignore them. I'll sic Char and Rose on them. ' 'I guess. It would be good to go out. Maybe do a little fishin' while I'm there.' 'Now there is the brother that has been missing from my life. Game tonight and the lake tomorrow. Operation Get Bella Back is a go.' I laughed. My brother is an idiot but he will always have my back. With that I pulled into the school's parking lot and took the first spot I could find. We got out of the truck and walked over to the bleachers looking for our parents. I spotted them half way up on the end. We walked up and I sat down next to my Ma with Peter on my other side. I leaned over and kissed my Ma on her cheek. 'There's my boy. I knew you wouldn't disappoint me and not show up. I can't be known as the mother of the boy who never leaves his room. People would talk and they already talk about Peter and his shenanigans.' I shake my head. First Peter and now my Mother. Like any member of the Whitlock family cares what anyone in this town thinks of them. 'Well, I didn't want to ruin your standing in the town so here I am. Have you seen her yet?' I watched my Ma shake her head and grab my hand. Here comes the guilt trip/lecture. 'You listen to me, son, and stop this foolishness. Apologize to that sweet girl and get her away from the fool. Get over your pride and stubbornness and just tell her how you feel. Then it will all be better.' 'Listen to your mother, son.' My father spoke out from the other side of my Mother. 'She is a smart lady. I knew it the day I met her and did everything I could to get her to be mine. And I haven't let her go since that day.' My father leaned over and kissed my mother. They were so in love. I envied them for it and wanted it for me and Bella. I knew I messed up but I thought I would give her some time and space and then I would make it up to her. Should have known City Boy would swoop in and snag her. He had been eyeing her since the first day he arrived in town. 'She standin' over by the players' benches and talkin' to her father.' Peter spoke pulling me from my thoughts. I looked in the direction he pointed in and saw her. She was so beautiful. I watched her talk to her father, who was one of the football coaches, and then I watched that pansy-ass Cullen walk over to them and put his arm around her waist. She leaned in to his embrace and then he looked over in my direction and smirked. That's it. She Mine and I'm kickin' his ass. I turned to Peter. 'Tomorrow at the lake. It's on.' He chuckled and slapped my back. 'Alright, cowboy. Time to watch the game.' Time Skip Saturday Midday Still JPOV Peter, Char, and I arrived at the lake about noon and I pulled into the lot next to Emmett's Jeep. I looked out onto the lake and saw everyone, minus the Slut sisters, already in the water. We got out and I walked to the back of my truck to get the coolers out. Peter joined me and we dragged the two coolers over to the covered tables, where everyone had dropped their stuff off before heading into the water. I dropped the cooler and peeled off my shirt. I walked back to my truck to grab my fishing gear. I headed over to the dock on the far side of the lake. I could watch everyone and just show her what she was missing. We use to go fishin' all the time. I sat down on the edge of the dock and cast my line into the water. I knew I wouldn't catch much but just sittin' here and makin' her remember our history together would be enough. I watched everyone goofin' off and splashin' around in the water. About an hour later, I pulled my line out of the water and set my reel on the dock. I got up and walked over to the tables to grab a drink out of the cooler. I pulled two bottles of water out and opened the first drinking it down quickly. Emmett walked over to where I was standing and grabbed a towel off the table. 'You gonna come in the water or you just plannin' on sittin' on the dock for the whole day.' 'I might go in later. I just want to fish right now.' 'Riiigggghhhttt. And I'm getting the Nobel Peace Prize. You ain't foolin' anybody. You're just starin' at Bella. Just get her alone and tell her…no just kiss her and get her back.' 'I will when the time is right. You runnin' to pick up the food?' 'Yeah. I'll be back in 30 minutes. And when I get back you better have a better plan than fishin' to get your girl back. I mean, just punch him in the face and grab her and kiss her. Then you both hop into your truck and ride off into the sunset.' 'Man, you got stop standing so close to the microwave when it's on. I think it's fried your brain.' And with that Emmett was off to his Jeep and pullin' out of the lot to get the food for us. I guess it would be good to go for a swim. I put my bottle of water down on the table and walked to the edge of the water. It felt good and I was hot from sittin' on the dock. I walked in the water til it was waist deep and swam out towards everyone else. I ducked