Laus Saint Julius Summary : A.K.A how Harry was adopted and raised by a squib, and take the Wizarding World by storm. Follow his story as he entered Hogwarts as one Henry Julius Prewett, the power of smiles shall prevail! The fun has just started! A/N : This little thing has been stuck in my hard drive for ages, but I only have one chapter done before I completely forgot about it. As you can see, this is an AU which will diverge from canon, starting with a small difference. See the end of the chapter for more notes. Disclaimer : Guess what? This is a non-profit, fan-made parody. I would never be Rowling no matter how hard I tried to dye my hairs blonde. Even so, I hope you enjoy the story as much as I write it. Flames will be used to roast marshmallows, yummy! Chapter 1: Just Another Wednesday "Mr. Henry J. Prewett. Second Bedroom, 5 Herons Rest, Riverside, Staines Upon Thames." Henry 'Harry' Julius Prewett looked at the letter his mother had just recently picked up from the mailbox. Judging from the cobwebs on its surface, it has been sitting around the mostly unchecked mailbox for quite some time. His mother had made it clear that she is just not the type to check the mail regularly, she found the task to be rather troublesome. Besides, what is the point of emptying the mailbox when it will be full again sometime in the nearby future? "A boarding school for wizards, huh? I always knew you have it in you, your grandfather would be proud!" Said his mother cheerfully, unable to contain her excitement. She pulled Harry to a hug, much to the annoyance of her husband whose presence has been mostly ignored up until now. The issues that Harry is a wizard didn't come as a surprise to the family, his father has explained everything to his mother on his first accidental magic that caused his hairs to turn all red and he couldn't change it back to the way how it was supposed to be before. "Have any of you seen my shoes? I couldn't find them anywhere." Asked the bespectacled man with messy red hairs, years working tirelessly in the front of a computer screen certainly didn't do wonder to his eyesight. He changed his job frequently, but most of them still put some strains on his eyes. "Why don't you just take a day off and spend the rest of the day with your family for once? I'm sure you'll die of overworking one of those days." The blonde beauty has been in a delightful mood after learning the fact that magic did indeed exist, and it seemed like nothing could change that at this moment. Her father was a performing street magician who could make any sort of thing vanish after all, but her husband keeps insisting him to be a con artist with an unhealthy fondness for using cheap tricks. Whatever the old man actually is, Harry still viewed him as his inspiration and respected him dearly. It was him who brought Harry from the orphanage and placed him in the care of his current parents. There were nothing wrong with the orphanage, the matron is nice and she often told him he is special, but he simply couldn't call the place home for one reason or another. Especially if it was in the middle of nowhere managed by a creepy matron with a crackling laugh who somehow managed to remove his 'possessed' scar using a method that hurts him a lot. Harry decided to forget about that and shifted his focus back to the present where his father is arguing with his mother again. "Is that letter... the one I'm thinking about?" "The one you never receives when you're younger? Yes, what about it? Didn't expect it to be delivered to one of our children instead?" "You never received it either, I guess we're even in this one. Listen well, Harry. Whatever you do, remember everything I told you about wizards. It might save you from dangers there, or not." Harry nodded and reminded himself of what his father said about the Wizarding World, that wizards are stupid and everything is still trapped somewhere in the mixture between the Middle Ages and the Victorian Era. His father's explanation only made the place more gloomy and daunting, but it only served to motivate him further to enlighten it. Magic should only be used to entertain people and make them smile, not to hurt them and threaten their lives. His grandfather had pointed him how the world would be a wonderful place if everyone heart is connected to each other and understanding could be made. It was a hard concept to grasp for a child of Harry's age, but the main point is that smiles brought the best of people. "I promised my old man to change the world one day, maybe I should start with the Wizarding World. It's smaller than the world we lived in, right?" "The world is already a small place, dear. A small place with a lot of possibilities, but I believe you could do everything as long as you tried. Nothing is impossible, do keep it in mind." "Thanks, mum, you're the best mum ever!" It was a known fact that Harry is pretty good in making people see the light. Smiling is the cure to everything, even a war-torn world could use some laughter to fix things other couldn't do. Other than that, he seriously thinks his father has an issue against wizards in general, the older man's mood always went sour whenever magic is brought into the conversation. "Look at what spending too much time with your grandfather did to you, good luck with that, son. At least you're not always chasing after me like your sister. You should tell your daughter to stop bothering me, Leticia. The missing shoes are clearly her fault." It was clear from his tone and choice of words that his father is upset, Harry doesn't need to be told to be silent to understand what to do in this situation. Things always ended with his parents snogging after they were done arguing, he only needs to close his eyes when that time come. His parents have a strange way of expressing their love, that is by arguing over an everyday thing. "Excuse me? Mafalda is our daughter, you are also responsible for anything she does. Speaking of our daughter, why hasn't she awake yet?" "She was up all night doing girls stuff, I believe." Harry wasn't quite sure if hiding all of the shoes in the house and some important-looking documents related to her father's work could be considered a girl things, girls are just weird and all of that. He wouldn't understand how their thought process worked, his sister is a fine example of how complex one of those girls could be. "I know I promised our daughter to play with her just for today, but I suddenly remember I have this important presentation to do. I asked my mother to come over so she could have someone else to play with instead." "That's too bad, you know? I was certain that someone wouldn't have to sleep on the couch for breaking his promise again. Don't mind us, Harry, go and wake your little sister up." His common sense warned him to not go against his mother's order and do what he was told to do. Doing something to displease his mother when she is dead serious is a big flat no, especially if all hint of warmth left her voice and her eyes is a blaze of red. For most people, it's one of those days where the sun went hiding and the birds dared not to chirp, but to Harry, it's just another Wednesday. "Right, it's just another Wednesday. What else could go wrong?" "Maf, are you awake yet? Mum and dad are at it again." He opened the door leading to his sister's bedroom when said sister didn't respond to his knocking and faced the sleeping form of one Mafalda Prewett, the Prewett's signature red hairs clashing with the bluish bed cover. She looked so peaceful for that moment, causing Harry to feel guilty to disturb her from her slumber. Harry had learned the hard way that waking his sleeping sister is like waking a hungry tiger, the girl always throws a fit whenever someone interrupted everything she is doing, and Harry still didn't develop any resistance to her tantrum. And so, he decided to just wait and hope until the girl wake up on her own. When her sleepy scarlet gaze met Harry's green, he knew something bad is going to happen to him sooner. His reflex kicked in and he stepped back before the girl could pounce on him in an alarming speed. "What are you doing on your little sister's room? Pervert! Do you like watching me sleeping in my pajamas that much?" "I just went here, I don't even notice your PJ's are unbuttoned until you were awake." Harry picked up his words carefully, not wanting to cause any more trouble. It worked, somehow. The wide smile framing his sister's face is the proof of that. Even so, the sheer feeling of wrongness emitted from the smile didn't make Harry's feeling at ease. There is just something about that smile causing him to tread the conversation carefully, he didn't want to give his beloved sister another reason to be mad at him. "Alright, then. Since I'm in a good mood today, I will let it pass. Do you know what day today is?" "It's just Wednesday, what about it?" "Think again, you're better than that." Her devious smile turned into a grin at that statement, Harry doesn't like the look of that. "The day our grandmother visited us?" "I grow tired of this, wrong answer. Today is supposed to be your eleventh birthday! That's why I did all the necessary preparations to make sure father will play with us just for today." "About that..." "You can't tell me anything would go wrong, I'm smarter than any of you!" Harry wouldn't deny that because he couldn't. His sister corrected a teacher the other day because what the teacher said is wrong and he doesn't know or just embarrassed to admit it. As for Harry himself, he wasn't sure if being able to use magic and a few tricks could make him considered smart for someone of his age. A person either born talented or practiced hard to achieve the level of their expertise, and Harry falls into the criteria of the latter. So unlike his sister who was born a prodigy and loved to impress, Harry only showed his skills whenever it was needed. For example, on any of his friends' birthday or when someone is sad. Meanwhile, Mafalda's grin subsided, replaced with a noticeable frown and her expression darkened. She really reminded Harry of her mother when she is looking like that, ready to petrify anyone unfortunate enough to saw her in that state. "...It's not working, isn't it? Father is going to leave us again, isn't he?" "Get dressed and be prepared, kids! We're going to a wonderful place!" An unmistakable feminine voice echoed from outside of the room, leaving the two silent for a little while. "I told you, grandmother is visiting us." "The crazy one or the funny one?" "The funny one, our father's mother. Don't you want to meet a real witch and see what she can do?" This time, it was Harry's turn to grin. Knowing how well his little sister reacted with magic, she always has some interesting questions waiting to be answered. Maybe she would finally leave him alone and go bother her grandmother with myriads of questions left unanswered, all about magic and how it works. Harry felt sorry for the woman,