Gollumchased after the hobbit, but it was no use. Bilbo was gone and so was the Ring. In frustration he cried "Thief, thief, thief! Baggins! We hates it, we hates it, we hates it for ever!". He slowly turned around and crawled back to his cave, hearing the sounds of the Orcs in the distance. After nearly five hundred years he had lost his precious. Gollum muttered as he went, "Precious, oh my precious why did you leave uss? That ssslinking Baggins, he's a cheater and we hates him." As he reached his cave he lifted his head and sniffed the air. Yes, a slight forest like scent hung in the murky air. Gollum knew that it must be that of the hobbit. It would stay with him for the rest of his life. The poor wretch cried "Oh now we could find him, yes precious we could! We can track him and bite him and take back what he ssstole." But then he remembered why he had stayed in the gloomy dark for several centuries; he hated the sun and feared most of the creatures under it. He plodded over to the water and peered at his reflection. Gollum saw a long, gangly creature with thin white limbs. He had changed so much from his days as a hobbit. Oh yes, he had once been very much alike to the Mr. Bilbo Baggins that had stolen his precious. Just the thought of him made Gollum mutter and spit into the water. He could never admit it to himself but the Ring was evil and it had changed him into the pitiful being that was reflected in the water. Gollum was forever changed by its influence and control. He got into the boat that he had made to take him to the island in the middle of the lake. In the darkness he said "We hates him precious, we hates him my love. He's ssstinkier then those filthy Orcses and slyer then those elvses. We will find him and kill him, my love, we will kill him and find the precious!" Gollum said this as he paddled, but in what remained of his heart he knew it to be impossible. He could never venture out into the place with the terrible sunlight. Gollum reached the bank and climbed out onto the muddy shore. He was very hungry and he knew that the fish would be easy to catch. He went over to the place with the overhang and waited for his chance. His keen eyes penetrated the water and spotted a nice, juicy, fish. Quick as a wink he reached into the water and snatched it. The fish struggled and wiggled but Gollum brought it up to his mouth and bite it in half. He thought that the fish must be the nicest food that he had eaten in a long time. Gollum retreated to his little hut in the center of the island and finished the fish muttering "Yes, fishes are nice precious, but they can't compare to you, my love. We will find you and take you back!" The fish made him sleepy and he soon dozed off, dreaming about what he would do to "the tricksey Bagginses" when he caught him. Months passed and Gollum remained alone in his dark home. He spent his days crying over his lost Ring and dreaming about hunting down Bilbo. He ate fish when hungry and slept when he was tired, as different days hold no meaning in the dark places of the world. As time went on Gollum grew more and more desperate. He had to get back his precious and soon. Yet he still could not force himself out into the dreaded sun. Gollum would sit and argue with himself about who was really responsible for the Ring's departure. "The hobbit cheated and ssstole the precious, yes but the filthy Orcses let him esscape. They could have killed the Bagginses before he left the mountainsss." "What's it saying my love, that Orcses can see invisible hobbitsss?" "Orcses can smell!" "So can you my love, and you didn't catch him!" This always ended in fits of weeping and moaning over Gollum's lost Ring, but eventually he decided that the "Orcses" could have killed the hobbit thief. One day, nearly three years after Bilbo left his cave, he caught a whiff of roasting meat in the air. He left his island and carefully went up to the entrance of his cave. He could hear Orcs feasting and drinking a little farther up the passage way. He muttered "What's this my love, have the stinky Orcses found something to eat? Well, we can change this my precious." After three years of isolation Gollum decided to leave his cave and seek revenge on the Orcs. He went farther up the passage until he could see four Orcs roasting a wild boar on a fire and celebrating some wild occasion. Gollum was tired of eating fish and he thought that some boar would taste very good. He found several rocks and threw them down the passage toward his cave. This startled the Orcs and they follow the noise to see who or what made it. Gollum had crept back into the shadows when the Orcs passed and none saw him. He went after them silently down to his cave. "Probably that little slinker that lives down here" said the biggest Orc, "He is always creeping about." The others agreed, but they still went into the cave and into Gollum's trap. When Gollum saw that they had taken his bait, he whispered to himself "Now you'll see, my love we will kill them and take our revenge!" The Orcs had went to the shore of the lake when one said " Boss, I don't see anyone." "That's because you are a rotten, blind maggot who couldn't see a sword if one was sticking through you!" The Orc roared with fury (they are stupid things, and easily antagonized) and charged the others. It was soon an all-out brawl which Gollum watched with pleasure. "My precious, we have them!" He crept up to one and bit it on its neck. The Orc stumbled and fell over while Gollum raced back and hid again in the shadows. A few seconds later the other Orcs noticed that their companion was dead. "What did you do that for, you idiots?" cried the leader who blamed the others. This started another fight and Gollum was able to creep back in and kill another before they noticed. The two remaining Orcs looked at each other, each thinking that the other had killed him. "You fool, the Boss is going to have your hide for this!" yelled one. "Me! Your the one who killed them!" cried the other. They continued fighting, this time to death. As one fell down with a knife stuck in him, Gollum crept up and finished the other. "My love, we've done it! The filthy Orcses are dead!" Gollum went back to the boar and ate the entire thing with great pleasure. As he had eaten nothing but fish for many years, the boar made him feel very sleepy and slightly sick. He fell asleep, not knowing that the sun would soon shine on him through a crack in the mountain. Gollum awoke several hours later and he felt the warmth of the sun on his face for the first time in centuries. Surprisingly, it didn't burn or hurt him, but was warm and pleasant. He made soft noises in his throat and said, "The sun didn't burn uss, my love! We could leave the mountain and go find our preciousss! If we hide during the day, the nassty men and elvses won't find uss and we can find you! Precious, precious, precious you will be ours once the thieving Bagginses is dead!" Gollum capered about the cave in joy, realizing that maybe the outside world wasn't so terrible after all. "We shall leave as soon as the sun goes away, so the filthy Orcses don't sssee uss leave my love!" The thought of finding the precious occupied him for the rest of the day. That night, as the sun fell down, Gollum left the Misty Mountains for the first time in years. He ran on all fours out of the tunnel that Bilbo Baggins had used three years ago. He couldn't believe the things he saw and the way he felt when he entered into the world again. Gollum looked at the trees, the stars and moon that cast a pale light over his new surroundings. The wind blew gently against him and rustled through the trees. Gollum thought that he had been born again. He sat there in the forest, listening to the sounds that trees and creatures make at night. He tried to remember what lay to the north, south, east and west. It had been many years after all. He said "Yes, yes precious it is best to go sssouth towards the plainss and the woodss." Gollum couldn't know that Bilbo had gone directly east, and then passed over the Misty Mountains to go back to his home in the Shire (hundreds of miles north and west),with the Ring still in his pocket. With his mind made up, Gollum bounded away into the darkness. He traveled many miles that night along the edge of the Misty Mountains towards the great forests; Lothlorien the home of the Eldar Elf Galadriel, Fangorn the home of the Ents, and Mirkwood which lay mainly to the east. Gollum was joyful with his freedom and he only stopped moving when he was starving or too exhausted to go on. After years of wandering (his path wasn't a straight line but moved from side to side across many miles and he soon slowed down as he was out of shape from staying in his cave for so long) he reached Lothlorien, the home of Galadriel and elf with power that could affect the minds of creatures like Gollum. When he was several miles away from the forest, he could begin to sense the power that lay in the trees and he stopped, too scared to move. He whispered "Oh my precious, what things lie in these woodsss in front of us? Why do they hate poor Gollum, what has he ever done to them?" Though the elves were kind and good beings, Gollum couldn't know that the Ring had been made by the ancient Dark Lord Sauron who was the great enemy of the elves. The Ring was made to control them, and because Gollum had carried it for so long, it's power affected him and caused the elves power to affect him too. Against his will, Gollum's body crept forward as it was drawn closer to Lothlorien. Terrified, he cried "Precious, oh precious why are you doing this to us?" as he tried in vain to escape from the pull. It swept over Gollum like the tide over the beach and it caused his mind to return to the day when he found the Ring. He was on the banks of a river in which was lined with trees and covered by a sunny sky. His name was Smeagol and he was fishing with his best friend Deagol. Gollum the wretch wasn't alive yet and Smeagol the son of a wealthy hobbit house was in his place. He was a curious hobbit, always peeking and looking under things and in them. He delighted in placing a worm on a fishing hook as he liked the motions the worm made when stuck. Smeagol and Deagol were trying to catch the one big fish that had eluded them all summer. They were drifting in the middle of the slow, lazy river when Deagol felt a slight tug on his line. "Look Smeagol, I've got one!" cried Deagol in excitement. "Go on, pull it in!" said Smeagol who was equally excited. Deagol yanked