A/N: I was emphatically not happy with how Nico was outed in the House of Hades. So I've decided to write my own version of events; how I'd have preferred things to go. This is written from Hazel's perspective, and is as canon-compliant as I could make it. It's meant to take place in the middle of the book, so it is going to read like you're coming into the middle of a story. Fair warning. Yes, the title is not creative. Still, I felt the need to emphasize the lack of being forced out in this fic. Reviews are appreciated. Nico's Decision Jason and Nico returned to the ship. According to Nico, they'd chased a ghost around Croatia, but they hadn't been able to catch up to him. "We're running out of time," Jason stressed. "No duh," Leo said. "And you guys have no idea who he was?" Piper asked. Nico's expression darkened, though no one but Hazel seemed to notice. Probably, she thought, because they think he always looks like that. It was true Nico's expression never varied much; it could be hard to tell it varied at all unless you knew him. Apart from herself, there were only two people Hazel thought might really know her brother. There was Bianca, his other sister, who was dead. And their friend Percy, who was in Tartarus. Percy...Hazel didn't know him as well as Nico, but she missed him. She could hardly imagine what that meant Nico was feeling. This voyage hadn't started off well, with New Rome being blown up and all. And now, since Percy and Annabeth had fallen, no one ever looked cheerful. But after having spent such a long time in a jar, being rescued only to watch people you care about fall to their presumable doom...Even by demigod standards, that was harsh. Judging by his expression, Nico had an idea of who the ghost was, and he didn't like it. He obviously didn't want to talk about it. But they had to find this guy, or they'd never get Diocletian's scepter—something which both Jason and Nico agreed would be important to their quest. Hazel still wasn't sure how she felt about Jason, but she trusted Nico. "It's getting late, and nobody's eaten yet, right?" Hazel glanced around the deck, trying to make eye contact with everyone, to pull all their attention towards her. "Why don't we break for dinner, and then make a plan to find this ghost. Nico and I are children of the Underworld—maybe together we can figure this out," she said pointedly, looking in Nico's direction. Nico got the message. "Hazel's right," he announced. "You guys should eat. We'll figure this out." "Well, I'm starving!" Leo agreed. "Fine by me," Piper consented. Frank glanced between Hazel and Nico, obviously uneasy. "You sure you're gonna be all right?" Hazel resisted the urge to roll her eyes. Frank was always so protective of her—Nico was her brother, he wasn't going to harm her. He'd protected her the same as Frank after she'd been poisoned by those cow monsters...Being scared of him seemed ridiculous, at least to Hazel. Couldn't everyone see he was on their side? "I'll be fine," she told him, patting his arm reassuringly. Frank didn't seem reassured, but he took one last glance at Nico, and then followed everyone else to the Mess Hall. "Shall we?" Nico indicated the way to Hazel's room. Hazel nodded, and let him take the lead. Nico stood with his back against the wall, while Hazel plopped down onto her bed. The door was shut, which was as good as a Don't Enter sign; Hazel always kept it open, unless she was changing. "I think I've seen that ghost before," Nico began, in answer to Hazel's unspoken question. "In my dreams." Hazel raised her eyebrows. Dreams, for demigods, were usually not just dreams . She waited for him to continue. "And...the thing is...Hazel, I don't think that guy was actually a ghost. I think he was a wind god." Nico stared at her through his bangs, like he was afraid making direct eye contact would make the god appear. "In my dreams, there's a man with wings, sort of like an angel. He keeps telling me that his master is expecting me. If he's who I think he is, there's only one person his "master" could be." Hazel waited, but Nico didn't go on. She didn't like the look in his eyes. It was the same as when he'd been rescued from the jar—part hollow, part terrified, like he wanted to die right then and there but his body wouldn't let him give in. There was something distant about his expression, as if he were still in Tartarus, rather than in Hazel's cabin. "Nico," she said carefully, "who are they?" They must be powerful, she thought, if Nico's afraid of them. For a second, Hazel almost regretted asking. She wasn't sure she wanted to know. But they had to find this guy, or his master, or whoever, if they wanted to save Percy and Annabeth. This was one thing she couldn't allow Nico to keep to himself; not just for the sake of the quest, but because it wasn't fair to Nico. She could tell it was killing him, trying to swallow his fear of whoever this guy was. Who, in the name of the gods, could possibly be so bad? Hazel had always thought Nico was the most dangerous person she knew. She loved him, sure, he was her brother. But there was no denying that he could take care of himself. Yet now he was shaking; it wasn't too visible, just a tremor in his hands. He was obviously trying to control it. But until now, Hazel couldn't have ever imagined a Nico who looked like he was about to wet himself. "The wind god who's been visiting me," —he said "visiting me" like he meant "punching me in the face"— "Is probably Zephyr, the West Wind. You'd know him as Favonius." "He helped Psyche," Hazel recalled, "Cupid's wife." Realization dawned on her. "Cupid... That's who has Diocletian's scepter? That's who we need to go see? That shouldn't be a problem, then—" Nico balled his hands into fists. "You don't understand...We can't just...I mean, you can't just go see Cupid. You have to be escorted to his court by Zephyr, and he won't see just anyone. It's not like we could just send Piper or Jason—I mean, he has to...He has to want you there. You have to be of interest to him. He's not like Aphrodite, he doesn't care about meddling with people who already have ...you know...He's like the clean-up crew. His job—" "He makes people fall in love, right?" Hazel interrupted. Nico didn't meet her eyes. "Not...exactly. He can do that, on Aphrodite's orders. But what Cupid actually does ...He's not just a love god, like Aphrodite. He's like...the literal embodiment of love. Being in Cupid's presence...It does things to you." Hazel considered that. "You mean like, when you're around Mars, and your mood changes and you suddenly want to start a fight?" Nico nodded. "I think so, yeah. Except with Cupid, your... other ...emotions get riled up." "You mean, like, you get the urge to confess who you're in love with, or something like that?" Nico nodded again. "I've been having nightmares," he admitted, "about confessing in front of everyone. And after what happened, I don't think I—" "Wait," Hazel raised her hand, "what happened? With who? Nico, you like someone?" Well, she thought, that was unexpected. She didn't think Nico had ever spent enough time around anybody to really befriend them, let alone develop a crush. Nico took a deep breath, like he was mentally preparing himself for what he was about to say. "You have to promise me you won't tell anyone," he managed. "Not yet." Hazel smiled, a little amused. "Sure." "The guy I like..." Hazel startled. "Guy?" Nico glared. "Is that a problem?" Hazel shook her head hastily. "No, Nico, of course not...Just...oh my gods, no wonder you didn't want...I understand. Sorry, you were saying?" Of course she understood. How could she not? Nico and Hazel had grown up around the same time. Homophobia might be bad in the present day, but it had been even worse back then. Whatever the stereotypes were about Italians, Hazel guessed it wasn't easier to be queer in Italy than in the United States. Even if they'd mostly adjusted to present times, it was hard to get over the fear of old prejudices—especially when they weren't as gone as you'd like. Being African-American, Hazel understood that better than just about anybody. "When I was younger, Bianca was the only one who knew. When I babbled to her, she warned me to stay quiet. She told me it was like being Jewish—not a bad thing, but dangerous during the war." Hazel nodded sympathetically. "When we left the Lotus Hotel," he continued, "Well, it was a new era. There were a lot of kids at Westover Hall who were, you know...And I didn't really think I was weird, but Bianca was always scared for me. I know she was always afraid I was going to get hurt; I don't know if she was afraid I'd get beat up for liking other guys, or if she was just afraid I was going to get killed by monsters." Nico had started talking with his hands, the way he did when he was caught up in his thoughts, like facial expression and tone of voice couldn't possibly convey enough meaning on their own. Hazel had noticed that Pluto had that habit, too, when he was Hades. She wondered if it was a Greek thing, having too much energy; maybe part of the reason Greek demigods usually had ADHD, and Romans almost never did. "Going to Camp Half-Blood...Well, the Aphrodite girls immediately tried pairing me up with girls from the Hephaestus or Hermes cabins, as a joke. They thought I was a loser, and that watching me be rejected by "repulsive" girls would be hilarious. One of their brothers, I think his name was Mitchell, got Silena—she was their counselor at the time—and she got them to knock it off, but...Mitchell had figured out I already liked someone, and he had a hunch it wasn't any girl in the camp." Hazel watched as Nico's face contorted as he described the memory; usually he was good at keeping his expression neutral, but now he was a bit flushed with embarrassment, and his nose was all scrunched up, like he was annoyed. "The Stoll brothers—sons of Hermes—caught wind of it, and they kept making fun of me. I tried to tell them I was distracted because my sister was on a quest, and I was worried about her. It was mostly true, too. But for the most part, I think it was really obvious that all I could think about was..." His face turned so red Hazel thought he was going to pass out. She was about to ask if he was okay. Was he even still breathing? But before she could say anything, he continued speaking. "...Percy. I just...I thought he was the coolest guy I'd ever met. He was my favorite game—Mythomagic—come to life! A real demigod...with powers, and magic items, and a sword ," —he said the word "sword" reverently, like he was an excited ten-year-old kid again, and not a thirteen-year-old with his own blade dangling from his belt— "And he'd shown up for me and Bianca. He wanted me and Bianca to—he told us we were demigods too, and he was going to take us to a safe place...I was sure he was going to be my best friend. Since we came to America, I'd never really known anybody besides Bianca...And in the Lotus Hotel, you don't really...talk to people. You just play games. I was ten years old, and...I know it's stupid, but...even