Betrayed and Forgotten 3rd Person (Percy pov.) AN: so this is my first fanfiction and I had this idea I know the whole being abandoned and crap is a well used Idea, as well as the asshole of a half-brother, but he kind of needs to leave somehow, and seeing as his fatal flaw is loyalty I don't think he would be going willingly. However, unlike other stories, I am going to make Marcus (that's the evil half-brother) something like a Heracles, he's a good fighter, but an ass. This will make him one of the many obstacles Percy will have to face on his journey. Eighteen year-old Percy Orion Jackson, Son of Poseidon, Savior of Olympus, and Hero of the Giant War, was the happiest man alive. Not only had he managed to convince Athena, after many quests, one of which involved defeating a certain hundred- headed dragon named Laden, to give him the okay to marry his beloved Annabeth, but she had even been kind enough to have Hephaestus forge the perfect ring. ' It's a dream come true,' he thought to himself as, after six long months, he returned to his old home, Camp Half-Blood. As he came up the crest of Half-Blood Hill, Percy paused to admire his old summer camp; the place hadn't changed a bit. He could see the Apollo cabin heading for the archery range, while what looked like the Hermes and Ares cabins entered the arena. He could see canoes sailing across the lake, as nymphs laughed and played with the rowers, some even capsizing the boats as a prank on the unsuspecting campers. In the strawberry fields Demeter, Persephone, and Dionysus cabins harvested the fruit along with the Satyrs. Just then, an explosion came from the Hephaestus cabin, followed by several of the soot-covered kids rushing out as black smoke plumbed into the sky. Percy laughed, shaking his head at the misfortune of the disheveled demigods before running down hill to make sure they were okay, and to see what crazy gizmo they had been trying to make. He waved to some of the old campers who greeted him and was met many confused looks from the newer ones. As he came upon the coughing heroes, Percy laughed at the faces of Leo, Jake, and Lilly. Why was he not surprised, the trio where constantly up to something, whether it was making a new gadget, or inventing some new device… and coincidentally had the world record for "the most things blown up in your face". "Hey Perce, how's it going man, and what the hell have you been doing?" Leo asked as he wiped the soot from his eyes with a handkerchief. When the Greeks had first come to the Camp Jupiter, Leo and Percy quickly became friends often plotting unique and new pranks to mess with the much-hated Octavian. "Oh you know, hunted a few drakons, slew a Nemean Lion, nothing major; except I got Athena to let me marry her daughter." Immediately the twinkle in Leo's mischievous eyes dulled, and his expression became one of sadness. "Yah, about that Perce… uh… you see… she's kind of with someone." Percy stood there looking at Leo, praying that he'll just laugh and say it was a joke, but he just looked back at Percy with the deepest of sympathy. How could Annabeth do this to him? After all their time together, all that they did, and she just goes out with someone else? Did he mean so little to her? Percy didn't know where he was going, nor did he care, too wrapped up in his own mind as he struggled to accept Leo's words. He barely registered other's greetings, nor did he answer any of their questions. He just walked, where he did not know, and denied with everything he had what his friend had said. The universe however was apparently conspiring against him; he heard a voice, the one voice that drew him out of his stupor, and the one voice he did not wish to hear. "Oh Marcus… yes… that feels so good ." Annabeth. Although he tried with all his will to resist, Percy looked towards the sound to see a sight that horrified him. Partially hidden in behind the foliage of the forest, was Annabeth, his Annabeth, up against a tree without her shirt while making out with some other guy. Percy looked on with horror as the bastard groped her beast with one hand as his right slipped between her pants. "Ooooh yes, Marcus… oh yah," Annabeth leaned against the tree "you're so much better than Percy, yes… yes… yes!" Tormented by the words he heard and the sight he saw, Percy ran for the beach, as pain the like of which he had never felt before, far worse than the river Styx, threatened to rip him apart at the seams. Then he tripped and fell face planting him on the beach with the tides of the lake washing over him, comforting him in its embrace. He felt petite arms wrapping around him, pulling him into their caring hold. Percy looked up into the face of the nymphs and the naiads of the lake and smiled, the nature spirits of the water had always cared for him, though it was unclear whether this was because of his personality or because he was the son of Poseidon, and were always there to reassure him when he was nervous, or sad. Seeing their worried faces, helped to ease the pain he felt at this betrayal, but it did not heal it completely. He felt fragile, as if the slightest pressure could shatter him into millions of tiny pieces. Still it helped; he heard a whimpering whine as one very special friend nudged his arm. Mrs. O'Leary, the gentlest hellhound in the world, had become Percy's much beloved pet after he had met the loyal creature one fateful day at camp. The tale of their friendship was a long one, involving several close calls with death and quite a few giant chew toys, but it ended with the two becoming nearly inseparable. Wherever Percy went, the tank-sized hound was not far behind unless he specifically ordered her stay; she even had attempted to sleep in his cabin once resulting in quite a few smashed beds. Now, sensing her loving master's pain, Mrs. O'Leary laid down next to him as he sobbed into her fur, her heart combined with the soft voices of the nymphs served as a lullaby, gently lulling him to sleep. A man once said that when you wake up after a pain-filled day like Percy's, there is a moment when you don't remember what happened the previous day. When Percy woke up the next morning, he wanted to find that evil bastard and brutally beat the shit out of the guy for daring to give him such false hope. His sleep had been haunted with visions of Annabeth and that Marcus, and they continued to torment him now that he was awake. Sighing, he woke up the nymphs, thanking them for being there before heading to the amphitheater for breakfast. When he got there, Percy sacrificed some of his bacon to his father. After praying to him for guidance, Percy walked back to his table to eat in silence. Gasps could be heard from the campers as Percy sat down to eat, at first he thought it was just astonishment that he was the son of Poseidon, that is until all the new demigods went into an uproar. "How dare you sit at Marcus's table?" "Yah, who do you think you are huh?" "I bet ten bucks Marcus kicks this guy's ass!" "You better run home to mommy big boy!" That one hit him hard. His mother, Sally Jackson, had died along with her boy friend, Paul Blowfis. They had been caught in a gunfight with two rival gangs; neither had made it to the hospital. Percy stopped eating, and slowly turned to look at the offending kid. He wasn't surprised to see a son of Ares looking at him smugly. One wolf-stare from Percy though, made the boy wince. He opened his mouth to speak, but was cut off by a shout. "Hey you, what do you think you're doing at my table?" Once more, Percy turned to look at the speaker, his wolf-stare deepening with rage. In front of him stood a kid with sea green eyes like his and brown hair. He looked at Percy as if the veteran should bow down to him, and that wasn't even the cream of the cake. The real thing that angered him was that draped over his arm, rubbing his chest as if it was the most magnificent thing ever, was Annabeth. " This is the guy you cheated on me with?" Percy asked Annabeth in disgust, completely ignoring the now enraged boy. "Hey I asked you a question!" " This is Marcus?" By now, the Marcus in question had become so furious he looked like he was going to burst. "I am talking to you punk!" "AND I AM NOT LISTENING !" Silence hit the room, as Percy exploded at Marcus, the sky darkened overhead and the earth shook, as Percy's rage loosened its self through his powers. A hurricane took form over the Amphitheater even though the camps borders shouldn't have allowed it to occur. The wind picked up as Percy's rage continued to mount. Rain blinded everyone, the wind sent dishes flying in every direction. And then, it ended… the rain stopped, the sky lightened, and nature calmed as Percy's rage simmered. "You must be this Marcus I hear so much about." "Y-yes," Marcus stuttered before regaining his composure "yah, I'm Marcus son of Poseidon, I slew five sea monsters with no help and little training." Percy just shook his head, at Marcus's boasts. This kid kills a few monsters and suddenly he thinks he's the grace from the gods? Then Percy remembered what he said, Marcus is the son of Poseidon? ' I have a Heracles for a half-brother, well that's just great!' Percy thought searching for a silver lining. "Who are you pipsqueak?" ' And he's a moron; could my life get any worse?' "Baby, come here." Annabeth said before giving him a heavy make-out session right there in front of everybody, as Marcus hand went to her breasts. Percy's heart broke at the sight, but he stayed strong and did not cry, refusing to let these bastards see his weakness. ' Oh, I almost forgot about that,' Percy mentally growled when he saw where her right hand was he almost went on a rampage 'Di immortals is she giving him a HAND JOB? This is making me sick! What did I ever see in this slut?' Unable to remain in such proximity of the two, Percy left and walked straight out, dumping the rest of his food into the hearth. He wasn't the only one as Travis, Connor, Katie, Leo, and surprisingly Clarisse La Rue along with most of the Ares Cabin all left at the sight of the two demigods. They all tried to talk to him, but he simply remained silent with an expressionless mask, as he departed for the beach again. Once finally there, Percy let down his barriers and cried once again. As with the last time Mrs. O'Leary and the nymphs came to comfort the broken-hearted Demigod. He sobbed for a whole hour into the fur of his hound before the pain mercifully relented. As Percy came out of his grief, he heard the soft patting of footsteps, and looking over saw Marcus and several of his followers coming closer. Putting on his expressionless almost bored face, Percy motioned for the Nymphs to go back into the lake, not wishing for them to get hurt. Telling Mrs. O'Leary to stay, Percy walked up to Marcus and his lackeys, pulling out his magic pen Riptide.