Rise of the King Chapter 1 Olympus Has Fallen A lone man sat in front of a crackling fire, his perfectly tanned skin bathing in the soft red and orange glow of the hearth before him. Hunched over, the man let the warmth bathe across his skin. His eyes the deepest shade of black possible, stars and galaxies twinkling deep in his irises, an occasional fiery comet shooting across his eyes. His hair matched the darkness of his eyes, perfect raven black hair that fell loosely to just above his eyes. A smile graced his features, radiating his perfect cheekbones and chiseled jaw. His perfect grime less white teeth shining so brightly they should have come with a warning label. Outside the fire was an enormous room, if it could be called that. It was ten times the size of a football stadium, all that resided in the room currently were twelve giant thrones jutting out of the sleek white marble and the man in front of the flames. After a few still moments he rose and stood away from the flames. His normal, human sized stature started to glow into a bright light before a fifteen foot tall man was there. He walked to the center of the thrones that formed a U shape, a large seat that matched his eyes like the night sky, littered with stars and glowing with galaxies. He lounged in the chair lazily and closed his eyes briefly for a moment. As if a silent prayer was coming across his mind, his eyes fluttered open a second later as eleven bright flashes of light appeared in front of him, revealing the forms of eleven giant immortals. The Olympians as the Greeks called them. The twelve mightiest gods and goddesses of the entire Greek pantheon, unmatched by the others gods and goddesses. His dark eyes flickered to each god and goddess standing before their thrones. To his right were Hestia, Demeter, Hera, Artemis, Athena and lastly Aphrodite. On his left were, Hades, Poseidon, Zeus, Apollo and Hephaestus. Those were the Olympians, but there was an issue. While the twelve gods and goddesses being labelled as Olympians hardly mattered to most of the council, there were some that believed the title of Olympian made them more powerful and better than the rest of the pantheon and there were certain gods and goddesses that were not Olympians that were pushing to become Olympians. Notably Dionysus, Ares and Hermes. All three of these gods were children of Zeus which was interesting to the man who sat directly in the middle and very suspicious. As if Zeus was able to fool him, he was far older and certainly much more wiser than the Lord of the Skies. He had led the armies of Olympus and stormed Mount Orthrys, when all three of his brothers fought his father simultaneously and failed. He had been the last hope to topple the King of the Titans from his throne and he had defeated the Lord of Time and his father. He wielded his fathers own scythe and cut Kronos into pieces, his siblings watched as he threw the pieces into Tartarus. He was hailed the King of the gods. But he did not wish to be King, he did not rule over the Olympians or unjustly demand his laws to be followed. Under his guise, they voted in a completely democratic system that mirrored the city of Athens. He watched as Zeus rose from his throne, the other gods and goddesses becoming silent as he did so. His voice boomed and echoed throughout the large throne room. "Perseus," The King would have been a fool to not have noticed the venom and hatred that was hidden in his littlest brothers voice. "As King," Again, the vile and bitterness in his tone was overwhelmingly obvious he was greatly surprised that none of the other gods or goddesses could catch Zeus' tone. "You must call a vote on the matters at hand." Perseus merely raised his right eyebrow at his youngest sibling. Watching with silent satisfaction as a vein started to pop on Zeus' forehead. "For what exactly am I calling vote?" He asked Zeus with fake curiosity, he of course knew what Zeus wanted and was calling for. But Perseus really did not want to have to deal with this right now. Zeus growled, the air around him beginning to crackle with electricity. He caught the whiff of the smell of ozone and he knew his brother was angry and about to bring out his massive sparkler and either threaten him or something else that would ultimately result in Zeus being humiliated. The bright electric blue eyes of the youngest son of Kronos and Rhea exploded with lightning and he glared harshly at his eldest brother. While he knew his brother was powerful, from the domains that he had control over. Zeus believed he held a greater power and deserved to be the King of the gods, he had been the one to purge his siblings from their fathers stomach. Despite Perseus never being swallowed by his father due to being far older than the rest of them. His voice was a dangerous hiss, "You know exactly what I am calling for." He snarled angrily. Perseus rolled his eyes, his gaze then sweeping across the throne room and drinking in the sights of how bored the rest of the Olympians were. Artemis was twirling a silver arrow in her hand, Apollo was doing the same but with a golden arrow. The rest either were just sitting there dazed or Aphrodite who was changing her features rapidly, either trying to find the most comfortable form or the prettiest. Perseus hardly cared anyways. Hades and Poseidon were just staring at their youngest brother. A typical council meeting, although Zeus was being far more aggressive than he had ever been before. Perseus had not seen his little brother almost hurl his master bolt at him, but it was not that much of a concern. Zeus was always riled up but he never acted on his anger for fear of the council and Perseus himself striking him down in the process. However, little did Perseus know, this council meeting was going to be far different than the rest. "Little brother," Perseus said through narrowed eyes. "Your request is denied." Zeus sneered and rose from his seat, a super powerful electric bolt appearing in his grasp. Crackling with electricity and immense power, he stared at his brother with hatred, with anger. Perseus and the rest of the council just stared at Zeus and his master bolt with tired eyes. Either not surprised or not in all fearful of what was about to happen. Perseus however was staring at Zeus with anticipation and surprise, this being the first time Zeus has ever threatened him with his weapon in a council meeting. "You're a tyrant," Zeus snarled angrily, his eyes flashing. At his words, most of the council rolled their eyes and groaned. A topic that the Lord of the skies had brought up very often and many disagreed with his words. "You control the will of the council and are a traitor to your family..." Perseus had, had enough. "ENOUGH!" Perseus bellowed, effectively silencing his red faced little brother and drawing stunned looks from the rest of the council. None of these Olympians had ever seen Perseus so enraged and angry since his battle with the Titans on Mount Othrys. He had never lost his temper with anyone, even Zeus himself despite all of the badgering. "Do not presume," He hissed with bile. "I don't have any clue to what you are doing." The eldest Olympian rose from his throne, his body pulsing with a pitch black color. The room began to grow colder, the other Olympians shivering in their thrones and staring at Perseus with wide eyes. The golden light of Olympus beginning to fade as darkness began to suffocate the room. Zeus shivered along with the rest of the gods and his plan would fail if Perseus continued his anger. The power and aura he was emitting was powerful enough to vaporize mortals just for being in his presence. "You wish for your children to be included on the council, many of your children so favor nearly always sides with you." He sneered pointing a finger straight at Zeus. "You plan to control the council and you call me a tyrant?" He asked with a menacing hiss. The wide blue eyes of Zeus stared at his eldest brother in shock, along with the other ten Olympians. He hesitated for a moment, fearful of what Perseus was going to do. Especially with the power he was basically glowing in. He then launched his master bolt right at the King of the gods. The other Olympians jaws dropped at the audacity of Zeus. Lightning crackled and thunder boomed as the bolt flew through the air and just before the master bolt reach Perseus, the darkness surrounded the bolt and the master bolt disappeared into thin air. Zeus' jaw dropped as he watched his master bolt melt into the shadows. He sputtered and stuttered, trying to form words as he watched his symbol of power being taken from him. He glared harshly at Perseus. "Give me my bolt." He hissed. "No." Perseus snarled. "You're breaking the ancient laws." Zeus outraged. Perseus rolled his eyes. "As if you don't break the laws daily." He growled before he raised his hand into a curl of shadows and pulling out his brother master bolt. Holding it in his hands lightning began to crackle around him and his black energy began to glow a slight hue of blue. He sneered at the bolt and threw it to the floor at his feet in front of his throne. "Retrieve your bolt, brother. " He spat with contempt. The power in his voice shaking the ground beneath his feet dangerously as Zeus waved his hand returning the lightning rod to his hands. "Listen here, and listen well." The King of the gods spoke in a dangerously low voice. "I am sick of your petty attempts to usurp me from this throne, from title as king. I don't want to be king, I hate it, I despise that I am called the very same that our father was called. A tyrant, I am sick of your lies Zeus and sick of your childish attempts to gain power. You go behind the back of your wife many times and are unfaithful, having many children with others and you do this to unbalance the gods and raise your own status." At this point Zeus paled slightly as Hera began to glare harshly at him, either in betrayal or anger. But what threw Zeus for a loop and angered him to no end was the fact his brother was King of the Olympians and did not want to be their King. "You are done asking for your children to join the council, should they be allowed to join..." He paused and waved his hands at the other Olympians, "Then the rest of the council must agree on it, I do not control the council and if you wish to vote on these trivial matters then by all means, go ahead." He waved his hands carelessly as he sat back in his throne and lounged rather lazily, he was tired of being annoyed by his little brother. Zeus seemed shocked and surprised before he sat down in his gloating and magnificent throne, feeling the power rush through him he smirked with delight. His brother was letting his guard down, he was working in the right notion. "I challenge you for your throne." Perseus sat up straighter and stared at his brother in surprise, "Are you truly that foolish?" He asked in a slow tone. While yes, it was prideful and arrogant of him, he and the rest of the Olympians all