WARNING: Originally written for the Seven Deadly Sins Contest, I didn't manage to get it finished in time and so I am sharing it with you now. One of the rules of the contest was that, as the sins were 'deadly', death was permitted. And so, just this once, here is your 'major character death' warning. Thank you to my friends, loopylou992, for keeping me motivated, and my beta, mxpi1970, for her ongoing support. Written for Sara L Black – I finally made good on my promise! As Night Steals the Day It began the night that Carlisle, being the kind and caring man he was, brought home the stranded woman he had so gallantly rescued. I remember thinking at the time that had it been me in her position, I would have been a strung-out mess of worry and panic, yet she was calm, almost serene. Carlisle had come home late that evening, our anniversary, a message on my phone telling me he had stopped to help a passerby. I had dinner warming in the stove, the table laid with a white lace cloth and the best china, when the door opened to reveal my handsome husband laughing at something said by the woman following him into our kitchen. I was startled and tried to hide my immediate unwelcome thoughts at this late intrusion into our evening plans. Carlisle kissed me, just like always, and stepped back to introduce the blonde beauty. "Sweetheart, this is Rosalie Hale. Rosalie, this is my wife, Esme." "Pleasure." She inclined her head, a slow blink the only other movement that I could see. She extended her hand in a graceful, yet deliberate movement, and I found myself fighting the urge to recoil from her presence, an eerie feeling of unease rippling down my spine. Her hand was cold, and at my gasp, she and Carlisle spoke in unison: "Bad circulation." Their simultaneous words accompanied by her girlish laugh set my teeth on edge, and I struggled to rein in my dislike of this woman that had done nothing to deserve such a violent reaction. Listening to Carlisle tell the story of her rescue from the roadside, I nodded and forced a smile in all the right places, making coffee and enquiring how Rosalie liked it. "None for me, thank you so much, Esme. I don't care for it." Hearing my name from her lips sent a shudder of revulsion through my soul, yet I handed Carlisle his mug with a smile and a subtle nod to the table. Seeing his eyes widen in recognition, it surprised me when Rosalie spoke. "Your husband tells me that tonight is a special occasion. I am sorry to crash – it's unforgivable. Could I call a cab from here? I'd like to go home before the weather worsens later tonight." I saw his decision before he made it, his personality so noble that it was a forgone conclusion how he would react. "No need; I will drive you home. I insist." His tone brooked no argument, and she nodded her consent with a dazzling smile. My first thought was: Round one to Rosalie. ~xXx~ He was gone a little over 45 minutes, and by now dinner was on the critical list. I paced the kitchen, sipping coffee and waiting for headlights to flash across the kitchen blinds. When they finally came I sagged with relief. He walked in, looking apologetic and remorseful, and of course I could not be angry with him. It was his nature to help others less fortunate, and being a doctor he would not allow another person to suffer when he had the means to make their lives better. It was one of the reasons I had fallen in love with him – his altruistic nature. We ate our ruined dinner together without complaint, drank a glass of celebratory wine, and made our way to bed, the hour late. Despite the hour, we made love, although I was somewhat distracted by the evening's events. I don't believe Carlisle noticed, and I'm sure that any comparison to our glamorous interloper from that evening was entirely in my own head. The morning came, and Carlisle was out of bed bright and early as always, showering and heading off to the hospital, leaving me with his customary kiss and a wink at the door. My smile tugging at my lips, I watched him go before starting the day's chores, starting with last night's dishes. My favourite radio station kept me motivated, and before long the carpets were vacuumed, the bed made, the flowers in the dining room checked and any showing signs of wilt were removed. I loved our home, modest but comfortable, and took pride in its upkeep. My own work was less demanding – I sourced furniture and furnishings for a leading home style magazine – and I loved the thrill of finding the perfect piece for a shoot, knowing that a new designer's career could be launched by that one mention in glossy print. Settling down to work, I heard a scream some distance away, that made me start. No doubt it was children playing, or maybe a wild animal calling to its mate, and I tried to shake off the frisson of discomfort that sat on my shoulders. Eventually I gave up trying to work, feeling on edge and watching the clock for Carlisle's return. It was foolish to feel so rattled by nothing, and yet... The hot water sluicing down my body helped to calm me, the comforting aroma of lavender surrounding me in the shower steam. Squeezing out the water from my tresses, I wrapped myself in a fluffy towel and padded through to the bedroom to dress. It was the work of moments to find a pretty dress that I knew my husband was fond of, my hair drying into its customary brunette waves down my back. Outside the sun had set, early evening creeping across the windows, and I stood up to close the bedroom drapes against the encroaching darkness. My breathing caught in my chest, my fingers gripping tight to the window ledge when I saw a flash of something cross my vision. It was so fast that I could have imagined it, yet something told me I hadn't. To my overactive mind it had looked like blonde hair. Tearing myself away from the window, I ran downstairs to start on dinner, trying to shake the ridiculous thoughts from my head. By the time Carlisle came home I had gathered myself enough to serve the al dente pasta and bolognaise without my hands shaking. All was well until, whilst washing the dishes, I saw the bright flash again out of the kitchen window. My muffled scream was drowned out by the smash of the plate hitting the tile and shattering into tiny shards. Carlisle came running and found me shaking on the floor, my finger sliced open from trying to pick up the sharp, splintered shards with my wet, bare hands. "Sweetheart, what is it? You're shaking. Come sit down and let me tend to this." I sat down, feeling him check the cut before applying cream and a band aid. I watched him sweep up the tiny pieces of china into a dustpan, checking the floor for any last tiny fragments before wiping up the spilled soapy water. I could see he was perturbed by my silence, the aura of fear I was no doubt generating which defied explanation. Twice. How could that be my imagination? Something wasn't right. It sounded crazy to me in my own head and yet... and yet I felt I was being watched. ~xXx~ A couple of days later, I made my regular trip to the market for the weekly groceries. I was doing just fine, my list almost complete, until I turned a corner and came face to face with a blonde haired woman. In my shock I almost crashed my shopping cart into a display of soap powder. I apologised far more than necessary to the woman I startled, backing out of her way and headed off toward the bakery before my unsteady legs could buckle. This was ridiculous. I needed to snap out of this – after all, I would never see that woman again. I did not allow myself to think of her name for fear it might just enable her to manifest. So very foolish. So very naive. Carlisle came home that evening with news of a conference he was to attend in Washington. He told me all about it over dinner; it transpired he would be gone overnight, travelling with Dr Gerandy, and picking up a new locum en route. I knew that he would enjoy the event, but also knew my husband well enough that he would rather be home. I packed for him, his hands, so precise and delicate in surgery utterly useless when packing a simple shirt without creasing it. We talked about the trip and I saw his concern about leaving me; I reassured him with having lots of work to keep me occupied in his absence. Closing the case, he sat down next to me, pulling my hand into his. "I hate leaving, you know that. Are you sure you're going to be alright? How about asking Bella over to stay? Have a proper girls' night – a bottle of wine and a catch up might be just what you need." His loving eyes were full of concern, and I smiled in spite of myself. "That's a great idea. I'll give her a call. I know she's been a bit low since Jake left her. It's been too long since we've spent time together." His smile lit up my world just like it always did. "Well, I hope you have fun. Not too much – remember to think of me all alone in my sad little hotel room... missing you..." I grinned then, unable to resist his sad, puppy expression. "Let me give you something to remember until you get home then..." We giggled like naughty teenagers, falling back on to the bed, lost in each other in seconds. Beyond the window, far out in the trees, an animal snarled. ~xXx~ "Bella? It's Esme!" My hand smoothed the coverlet in an absentminded movement when my friend picked up the phone. "Esme? Hey there! How've you been? How's that gorgeous man of yours?" I heard the smile in her voice and an involuntary blush coloured my cheeks. "Still gorgeous and wonderful, I can't lie. That's actually why I'm calling. He's away for a couple of days and I thought it'd be a great chance for us to catch up. It's been too long." "It has – a couple of months at least. When did you have in mind? Tonight?" I smiled; happy we were on the same page. "That would be great. Bottle of wine and an old movie?" "You're on! How about Dirty Dancing?" We sighed in unison. "Patrick Swayze..." "Done deal. I can grab some wine and be there about seven?" "Looking forward to it, Bells. Let's put the world to rights." "I think that'll take at least two bottles, a chocolate binge, and a sleepover." I laughed, relaxed and happy. "Bring your PJs, girl. Let's do tonight in style." Saying our goodbyes for now, I hung up and set about getting some work done ahead of my evening of takeout food, old movies, and good company. Eating a light lunch while I worked, I barely noticed the passing of time until shadows fell across the kitchen table. Stretching my arms and neck, I pushed back the chair and made a fresh pot of coffee, one eye on the clock. Bella would be here in less than an hour, so I reached into the cabinet for two wine glasses, plates and a bowl for the popcorn. When the phone rang, I reached over, expecting it to be Bella on