Let the Rain Come Down Summary: Rejected by the world around them, they lead lonely, isolated lives, focusing solely on basic survival. All it takes is one single act of kindness to open the door to their new tomorrow... together. Pairing: Jasper/Edward Written as part of a picture prompt competition for the Slash Writers' Workshop. Rated M for physical abuse and slash content. Disclaimer: All characters owned and created by Stephenie Meyer. ~o.O.o~ Jasper's POV Standing on my regular spot, I waited for the anticipated afternoon rush. Things were a little slow, and I paced back and forth to burn off excess nervous energy. Even after all this time, I still waited with trepidation for what might drive around the corner looking for me. Gazing down the street, my eyes caught a tall boy in an oversized and shabby coat, rummaging in a trash can for a discarded carton that still held a few fries. Watching him, and the way he wolfed down the stale, cold fries, I could sense the desperation rolling off of him like a choking, oily cloud. Against my better judgement I tried to attract his attention, but the lad was easily spooked and ran off. I didn't have too much time to think about the boy as a customer pulled up shortly afterward; for the next half hour I was too busy servicing the man in his car. Back at my spot, my mind reflected on the dishevelled lad I had seen earlier. I wondered if he was okay, and if he had somewhere safe to sleep that night. I didn't kid myself – I knew the probability was low. Calling it a day, I made sure my money was safe in my pocket. I was fortunate that I had reasonably good looks and a lithe body that attracted regular, well paying customers. I kept myself clean in every way, using the clinic for check-ups and condoms. My place was a small room with the luxury of lights, a small heater and running cold water. I knew my life couldn't go on forever like this, but I was caught in a loop, unable to find the escape window. Every day I would go to my spot, display my body to the passersby who used this street for no other purpose, and I did whatever they asked of me for a set fee. I was living hand to mouth and I knew it. The money I earned each day went towards the weekly rent. With what little I could scrape together after that, I would go to the market daily and buy the reduced food about to be discarded. I ate reasonably well, depending on my day's takings. That night, as I lay in bed wrapped in blankets, I thought about the boy and hoped he was safe. ~o.O.o~ The next day I saw him again. He was closer this time and I saw the gaunt cheekbones, the haunted look in his eyes. It was the face of someone who had given up all hope of ever understanding why society had abandoned him. I called out again, raising my hand tentatively in greeting. He looked at me and then all around to be sure. I beckoned him over and watched as he approached warily, apprehensive of the stranger calling to him. I understood that innate suspicion – life on the streets did nothing for a person's trust. When he was within earshot, I called out to him. "Are you hungry? If you meet me here in an hour, it's when I go to the market. We can get some food." He looked nervous, but the promise of food appeared to switch on a light in his eyes that he couldn't disguise. The boy's voice was rough, as if he hadn't used it in a while. "You're not some weirdo, are you?" His eyes were constantly on the move, darting along the sidewalk to see if anyone else was around. I held up my hands in a peace gesture. "I'm no weirdo, just concerned. I've seen you around and wanted to help. It's no bother if you aren't interested. Just asking, that's all." I watched him hesitate, seeing the internal war going on between his hunger and sense of self preservation. "What would I have to do in exchange? I couldn't do what you do." I shook my head. "I do what I have to do to survive. I have a room near here, it pays for that. What about you? Where do you stay?" He shrugged narrow shoulders swamped by a too-big coat. "I was sleeping in an alley, not too far from here. Not many people use it so it's okay; I mostly got left alone." "Mostly?" His eyes widened at a memory he clearly didn't wish to relive. "It was only once, and they didn't come back." "What? Who?" But he wouldn't be drawn any further. The jittery, flighty stance he had adopted worried me. It started to rain, the sky darkening ominously. I reached behind a low wall and retrieved my coat, shrugging it on gratefully. It was getting too cold to be out here in just a thin shirt, but I got better customers if my body was displayed. Customers didn't care if I was shivering, as long as I looked enthusiastic. I had learned early on that my comfort and warmth didn't attract trade. "I won't get any more business in this rain. Come on, let's go get warm. Then we can go to the market. You have to time it right to get the max amount of food for your dollar." I looked at him closely. "When did you last eat? More than a few fries, I mean." He swallowed. "A few days ago; someone threw away nearly a whole burger in the trash. I fished it out." I felt for him. I'd been there and I knew his stomach was gnawing at him; he was most likely dizzy and dehydrated too. Reaching into my pocket, I pulled out a battered apple and some water in a plastic bottle. Holding them out to him with a nod, he approached me like a skittish horse, fearful of trickery. When he saw I wasn't going anywhere, he took them and ate the apple in five bites, chasing it down with the water. "Better?" He nodded. "Come on. We can get you a drink then we can eat." I fastened my coat against the fat raindrops and headed back to the small room I called home. When I looked back, he was following me. ~o.O.o~ He took in the room, my bed, chair and tiny bath where I washed my clothes as well as myself. It was clean and tidy, not a difficult feat as I had no real belongings as such other than a few clothes and a couple of pans and plates. The room had a single hotplate that served both as cooker and somewhere to boil water for washing and bathing. "Sit yourself down." I indicated the bed and the small chair in the corner. "It's not much, but its home." I noticed his hands were clenching, probably from the cold. "There is a small electric fire, but it's expensive to use; I mostly just wrap up in layers and blankets when it's cold. I need all my spare money to eat. Heating is a luxury." He nodded mutely. I fetched him some water and he drank it straight down. I wondered if he'd been drinking river water as it would have most likely made him sick. I'd drunk out of hosepipes and supped rainwater out of trash can lids in my time – whatever it took. Sitting down across from him, I could see he was a major flight risk and kept my distance. "I'm Jasper, by the way. Although to my customers I'm just Blondie. What's your name?" I saw his jaw tighten and his hand clench on the mug he still held, his nails whitening. "You don't have to tell me, it's okay. I could give you a new name if you'd like. Hmmm, you look like a Red to me, especially with that hair." His voice was nervous, but firm in his conviction. "Edward. My name is Edward." "Pleased to meet you, Edward; are you warm enough? I have blankets and fresh clothes if you need them. We're about the same size, I think." He shook his head firmly, and I didn't press the issue. I would have to hope that he would ask if he needed anything. Now that my business was over for the day, I shrugged off my coat and added a thick sweater before replacing the jacket. Now I could be warm, my body hidden away from greedy eyes. Not sure what else to do with the fidgety boy in front of me, I made a decision. I reached under the mattress and retrieved the few dollars I had stashed there, adding them to the day's takings. "We should go and get some food. I've borrowed a little extra from the rent money, but I've got a couple more days before it's due so that's okay. You hungry?" Knowing the answer, I headed for the door, a twitchy Edward following me. I took the familiar route to the market on my daily pilgrimage to find cheap food to fill my aching belly. I mostly ate just once a day as takings weren't enough for me to be frivolous with money. The apple I had given Edward had been a snack I'd planned to eat on the way to help curb my appetite when choosing my meal. The hungrier I was, the more I wanted to buy, not ideal when the few dollars in my pocket had to last. If the bad weather set in, I might not eat for a couple of days or more, surviving only on tap water. I had a system. A couple of the sellers saved me bruised fruit to buy for a few cents and so I always went there first – that way I at least had something fresh. My cooking facilities weren't great and so I could only make soups and stews in a pan, heat up tinned food, or fry stuff. No way could I make a balanced meal easily on my hot plate. I checked in with Tony first and collected some more damaged apples along with some wilted leafy vegetables and carrots, all on their last legs. I was hopeful that I might find some cheap meat, maybe a little chicken, but no luck. Then I spotted a small bag of off-cuts on the butcher counter, barely enough for a cat much less two grown guys, but I grabbed it as if it were gold. It would do for tonight. Edward watched me curiously, keeping his distance, but not too far away. The last item on my shopping list for tonight was bread, and I found a bashed up loaf that looked like it had been stepped on. Most might refuse it, but it was in a sealed bag and so I wasn't about to complain. Holding my haul, I turned to Edward. "Looks like we'll eat well tonight. Come on – let's go back and get cooking." The smallest smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. I realised in that moment that, given the chance, he'd have probably eaten most of it raw where he stood. He barely spoke on the way back, but his step was a little lighter as if the promise of food was all that propelled him forward. Opening the door, he followed me in and I elbowed the door shut behind us, dumping the bags on the floor. Taking my only sharp knife, I prepared the vegetables while the water boiled. I had planned to make a stew, but Edward looked close to fainting if he didn't eat soon. I opted instead to boil the