" Hi," The new reporter shyly extends his hand, dreamy sky-blue eyes twinkling behind the lenses of his thickly-framed black glasses. He has military-cropped golden-blond hair and a smile that makes the scar on his upper lip stand out. He looks like a Roman statue come to life, except for the well-fitted navy blue suit that showed off his broad shoulders and muscular frame. He looks like he belongs on the runway or on TV, not here in the drab, gray office of a news company . "I'm Jason Grace." "I'm Nico di Angelo," Nico takes his hand and – oh the gods – feels the spark of electricity dancing from the man's fingertips to his. He looks up, startled, to see the new reporter smiling down at him. Nico huffs, turning to walk back to his cubicle. Yes, Jason Grace does look like a supermodel, but he is Nico di Angelo – dammit – the news anchor of the Daily Olympus! It is his job to chase after Olympolis' most famous superheroes while they chased after the monsters that were attacking the city. It is his job to crack them down and break them in. Super-people aren't new to him! Nico presses his fingers to his forehead. He has dealt with superheroes before. He has handled that (gorgeous) annoying Aquaman and that pesky Yellow Archer time and time again. Why should one lowly, new reporter give him a hard time? " Wait!" Jason calls out after him, hand reaching out to pull him back by his elbow. "The executive editor, Mr D. said you'd show me the ropes!" Nico curses under his breath. There was that damn spark again. Tall, dark, and super man He puts papers in his briefcase and drives away To save the world, or go to work It's the same thing to me. "So you know nothing about him?" Nico asks again, sighing. He had been sitting in this coffee shop for four straight hours, calling out all of his contacts for any information on the newest superhero in town – Superman , a blond, blue-eyed dreamboat who suddenly appeared the other day and began zapping the dracanae terrorizing Othrys Boulevard with his thunderbolts. The women swooned, the men clapped, and Superman was flying away before Nico could snap a single picture. "Nothing at all?" " No, nothing. I don't think he's from around here," Yellow Archer shakes his head, his shaggy sun-kissed hair falling around his blue eyes. He is dressed in a Hawaiian tee and shorts, his surfboard leaning on the wall behind his chair. He isn't wearing his trademark yellow mask, nor does he have his trademark yellow arrows. Today, he is just another person sitting across another person in a coffee shop. "But if you want to hang out again, I don't know, maybe we could – " "Yes, Will, I'll call you again, okay?" Will smiles, picking up his surfboard. He makes his way out of the coffee shop, looking back over his shoulder at Nico. Nico waves at the hero, before he resumes tapping his notepad with his pen. Well, four hours, twenty-five minutes, seventy-eight contacts, eleven cups of espresso, and what did he have? Nothing. Nico has no other choice. He scowls at his phone, imagining all of the regret he knows he is going to feel later, and dials his number. Minutes later, the door to the coffee shop swings open, and Nico cringes when he smells the familiar scent of the salty ocean. He tries to relax himself, as the hero Aquaman came to a stop before his table and took up the chair Yellow Archer was sitting in a while ago. " What's up, Nico?" Aquaman smiles. He looked like he always did, sea-green eyes you could drown in, dark hair shot through with streaks of emerald. Like Will, he isn't wearing his trademark superhero suit. Instead, he is wearing cargo pants and an Ocean World shirt. Nico's heart is skipping beats and he hates it. When Nico had first been promoted to news anchor, Mr D. had assigned him to then-rising star Aquaman. Nico had made it his job to learn everything about the hero – what he liked to eat (blue pancakes), what his hobbies were (swimming and more swimming), where he liked to go (the ocean). Aquaman taught Nico how to swim, showed Nico his underwater castle, introduced Nico to his hippocampi. Before Nico knew what was happening, he was in love. And then Aquaman got married to Wonder Girl. Nico almost quit when Mr D. assigned him to cover the super wedding and the super reception. But of course he didn't, no sir, he was Nico di Angelo, news anchor of the Daily Olympus, so he picked himself up and held his head high as he stomped into the building (designed by Wonder Girl herself!) where the reception was held. He interviewed the groom and the bride as professionally as he could (which wasn't much), he nitpicked every single detail (Why is everything blue? Why are you wearing your masks with your wedding outfits?), and when his job was done, he got so wasted he passed out on his way home. That was how Yellow Archer found him, drunk and hysterically crying by a dark, back alley two blocks from his apartment. The two had been friends ever since. Unfortunately for Will, that was also the night Nico vowed not to get too close to any superhero. " Let me guess," Aquaman tips his head to the side, snapping Nico from his reverie. "You want to ask me about that Superman." "I'm sorry to bother you, but I've asked everyone else about him," Nico sighs. "And I've got nothing." " I've never anything like him before. I mean, did you see what he did at Othrys Square? BOOM. BOOM. Thunder everywhere!" Nico laughs at Percy's 'thunder' noises. Pretty soon, the hero is laughing along with him, their chuckles bouncing off the walls, and Nico can't help but wonder why Percy hadn't chosen him. He squashes the unbidden thought as soon as it came to his mind. He's over this. " I haven't seen you around, you know," Percy suddenly says, his voice serious and a little bit lonely. "My friends miss you." "By 'my friends,' do you mean the dolphins? Because I don't really think they like me that much." " Well yeah, they think you're scary and all," Percy shrugs and the action looks strangely forced to Nico. "But I miss yo – " Percy stops, his eyes fixed on a spot above Nico's head. Before Nico has a chance to turn and look, there is a hand on his shoulder and electricity is running down his spine. He shudders involuntarily. " Nico," Jason walks up to their table and smiles. "What are you doing here?" "I was trying to get info on Superman," Nico motions to Percy, who stares curiously at Jason. " You want to know about him." Jason's face stretches into a wide, triumphant grin. "Of course! If I get this scoop, it's going to be big!" Jason laughs at that. He turns to Percy, extending his hand for a handshake, and stops. For a tense moment, there is silence as Jason and Percy lock eyes, as if sizing up each other. Nico opens his mouth to ask what the problem is, but his phone rings. "Hey, Hazel," Nico answers the phone. He hears the voice of his fellow reporter on the other line and his eyes go wide. He casts a discreet glance Percy's way. "Basilisks have appeared along Ithaca Street. Got it." Percy nods his understanding and takes off, bumping into a few people on his way out of the coffee shop. To Nico's surprise, Jason, too, suddenly runs out of the store. Nico chases after the blond, stuffing his notepad and pen into his sling bag. "Where are you going?" He shouts after Jason. " To – uh, I… um, I'm getting this scoop!" And then Jason disappears into the crowd of people on the street. Nico stops for a minute and curses loudly. He wraps his bag around himself tighter and begins running to Ithaca Street. When he gets there, the women are swooning, the men are clapping, and the basilisks are dead. Everyone is looking up at the sky. Nico follows their gazes and sees a man, wearing a red cape, flying away from the scene. Moments later, Aquaman arrives, looking as confused as Nico. Tall, dark, and beautiful He's complicated, he's irrational But I hope someday he'll take me away And save the day. " Good job, Grains," Mr D.'s voice is dripping with sarcasm. He slams his glass of Merlot on his cherry desk and throws a couple of photographs to the floor. "You got a thousand photos of the monsters and none of the hero. The people are going to absolutely love this." " It's Grace , sir and, um, Superman flew away before I could… uh, take a photo." Jason scratches the back of his head. Mr D. turns to him and Nico tenses, waiting for the executive editor to blow up at him. The scolding doesn't come. Instead, Mr D. brings up a bottle of Chardonnay from inside his table and dismisses them with a wave of his hand. "What were you doing? I thought you said you were 'gonna get the scoop!'" Nico hisses at Jason when they are finally outside. "We're lucky Mr D. didn't kill us!" Jason merely laughs and walks off to his office. When he turns, Nico notices a bunch of weird-looking white spikes attached to the back of the man's suit. Now, where has Nico seen those before? He goes to his desk and opens his laptop. He looks up basilisk on Google and the suspicions start forming in his head. Something in his deep, brown eyes has me saying He's not all bad like his reputation And I can't hear one single word they say. When Nico finally gets the chance to meet this Superman, it's because he's about to die. A few days after the basilisks' attack on Ithaca Street, the Ketos Troi or the Trojan Sea Monster appeared on the Aegean Sea. Booster Bronze had arrived on his mechanical dragon, Festus, to confront the beast, but he had been defeated. Percy swam halfway across the world when he heard. He called Nico and asked him to help evacuate everyone along Aegean Street and warn everyone to stay away. Nico did as he was told, before he ran right back to where the Ketos Troi was . Nico knew he was an idiot, doubly so for being worried about a hero , but he didn't care. This monster brought down Booster Bronze. Who's to say it can't do the same to Aquaman? The streets are mostly empty now. The winds are strangely strong and it feels like a storm is coming. Here and there, billboards and posters are getting torn down. Nico keeps on running, his hair whipping around his face. Finally, he gets to the edge of the street. He leans over the steel railings and gasps. The ocean is tossing and turning, the huge waves making it impossible for him to see anything. He shields his eyes. He can make out the faint shadow of the sea monster, the long, silvery, slippery body trashing about, threading in and out of the water. "Percy!" Nico begins shouting, overcome with worry. "Percy!" His reply comes in the sound of the crashing of the waves and Nico feels fear squeezing his chest painfully. He places his palms on the railings and stands on his toes, craning his neck to see anything. Instead, he sees a wave thirty feet above sea level, about to crash into where he is standing. "Oh gods. " Nico is rooted to the spot. He closes his eyes, unable to do anything else. This is the