Hey guys! This is my first Twilight fic. I liked the idea of a Twilight gender reversal, and I couldn't find any that I actually liked that were any longer than five chapters. So I decided to write one, simple as that. Now I must warn you, my story will begin like the Twilight book, but will probably end up being completely different. My major characters are already looking markedly different from Stephenie Meyer's, especially Brax (my male Bella) and Amanda (my female Edward). My vampires are also markedly different from Mrs. Meyer's. They are not pale or cold, do not sparkle in the sunlight, can enjoy human food to a degree, and are generally not bothered being around humans except when they are very thirsty. They do have perfected features, great physical strength and speed, and in some cases psychic abilities. They are somewhat weakened by sunlight, and are vulnerable to fire only. They can fly and shapeshift at will into regular-sized bats. I don't really own much of anything, and I make no money from this. Hope you enjoy! November 7, 2014: First edit already! "You know you don't have to do this, Brax," said my mother for the thousandth time as I attempted to say my final goodbyes to her in the terminal of the airport. Outside, it was warm and sunny and cloudless, just like it should be in Phoenix, Arizona, even in January. "Mom, really," I reassured her. "It's okay. This is something I want to do." "All the same," she placed her hands on my shoulders (why do mothers with sons like to do that so much?). "I want you to know that you can come home anytime you want - I'll be right back as soon as you need me." "Mom, I'm a big boy," I said. "I'm going to be okay." "I know, I know," said Mom with a sigh and a fond smile. "Say hi to your father for me, and remember you're still on the hook to practice two hours every day, you hear?" "Yes, I know," I said. My airplane carry-on was my old violin, which I had had since I had outgrown my half-sized one at seven. I did want my mother to get some time alone with her new husband Phil. It was just that I wasn't particularly keen on moving out. Maybe Phil and I weren't thick as thieves, but he had left me alone and I had left him alone and things had been fine how they were. But Phil was a baseball player by profession, and so was gone much of the time. Mom would always stay at home with me. She never complained, but it was obvious to me that she wanted to be with him. What newlywed doesn't? For that reason I made my choice - to leave home so she could be freed up to travel with Phil, and to move in with my father. My father lives in Forks (no really, that's the name), a tiny town which sits in the Olympic Peninsula in northwest Washington State. On this little town it rains more than on any other place in the United States of America. No joke - it's statistically proven. I had actually been born in Forks, though my mother had fled away from its never-ending shade with me when I was a few months old. I had also spent my summers there until I was seven years old, when I had been diagnosed with asthma. Every summer after that my dad would vacation somewhere else with me. Cold and wet - great for my asthma. That was exactly what Phil had said when I had made my proposal to him and Mom. But, as I pointed out, it wasn't as if I was going to die, and it would only be for a year and a half at most. After that I'd be off to college - definitely someplace warmer and drier - and they wouldn't have to worry about my health. Mom had not been altogether comfortable with the arrangement, at least in the beginning, but she and Phil had accepted it in the end. So, in fact, had my dad. He was really very good about the whole thing, I remember, though I'm sure he must have wondered what would drive me to make such a decision. My mother had made no secret of her distaste for Forks, and my health was sure to suffer somewhat while I was there. My first flight - from Phoenix to Seattle - was four hours long, and my second flight - from Seattle to Portland - was only an hour. Then my dad rendezvoused with me in Portland to drive with me for another hour to the old house in Forks. He caught me automatically as I stumbled, stiff-legged and disoriented, off the plane, and gave me an awkward hug. "It's good to see you, Brax," he greeted me. "God, how you've grown! How's Renee?" "She's great," I panted, trying to right myself. I already felt like I was trying to inhale steam, and my breathing sounded unnaturally loud. "Good to see you too, Dad." I had only one large suitcase and my laptop bag. The few articles of clothing I had consented to own back in Arizona were for the most part not warm enough for the Olympic Peninsula, and so Mom had had to take me shopping for just about everything before my departure. I hauled my one suitcase, laptop bag, and violin case into the trunk of my dad's police cruiser. He happens to be the Chief of Police to the good people of Forks. My primary motivation in buying a car, despite the scarcity of my funds, was that I had no desire to ride around a town as small as Forks in a police cruiser. "I found a good car for you, really cheap," my dad commented as soon as we were both strapped in. "Really? What kind of car?" I asked, trying not to read too much into the words "good car for you." "Well, it's a truck actually, a Chevy." "Where did you find it?" I was, to put it lightly, not a car-savvy guy. "Remember Billy Black down at La Push?" La Push is the small Native American (I refuse to call them Indians, that was Christopher Columbus' mistake) reservation on the coast. "Not really," I said truthfully. "He used to go fishing with us during the summer," Dad prompted. That would explain why I didn't remember him. I seem to be very good at blocking painful, unnecessary things from my memory. "He's in a wheelchair now," Dad went on. "So he doesn't drive anymore, and he offered to sell me his truck cheap." "What year is it, then?" From the change of expression on his face I could tell that this was the question that he had hoped I would not ask. "Well, Billy's done a lot of work on the engine - it's only a few years old, really." "When did he buy it?" "'84, I think." Oh no. '84 as in 1984? "Was it new then?" "Well, no," he looked a bit sheepish. "I think it's actually from the early sixties - or late fifties at the earliest." A forty, possibly fifty year old truck. Come on, Dad, really? "Uh, Dad, I really don't know the first thing about cars, and if anything went wrong, I couldn't really afford a mechanic - " "Really, Brax, the thing runs great. They don't build cars like that anymore." I stifled a sigh. "How cheap is cheap, exactly?" The price was, after all, the one thing that I really couldn't compromise on. He glanced hopefully at me out of the corner of his eye. "Well, I kind of already bought it for you. As a homecoming gift of sorts." Translation: Free. I resisted the urge to scratch my left ear, a nervous habit of mine when I'm embarrassed. Gifts as a rule embarrass me, but I had learned by that point that a gift is almost always a gesture of love, and the appropriate response is to thank the giver and try to enjoy the gift. And I never looked a free truck in the mouth. Or the engine. "Wow. Thanks, Dad, I appreciate that." "Well, now, you're welcome," he mumbled, equally embarrassed by my thanks. We exchanged a few more comments on the weather, which was wet, and that was pretty much it for conversation. Nether I nor my dad were real talkers. We stared out the windows for the majority of the ride. Eventually we reached the house. It was the very same two-bedroom one-bathroom house that my father had bought with my mother in the early days of their (admittedly very short) marriage. There, parked on the street in front of the house, was my new (!) truck. It was a faded red, with large rounded fenders and a bulbous cab. And, wouldn't you know, I loved the thing - it was one of those solid iron affairs that never seems to get damaged. I could just picture it at the scene of an accident, paint unscratched, surrounded by the pieces of the foreign luxury car it had destroyed. "Dad, this is perfect!" I cried. "Thanks a bunch!" "Glad you like it," said Dad, embarrassed again. It only took one trip to get all my things up the stairs to my room - the west bedroom that faced out over the front yard. The room had been mine since I was born and really hadn't changed since then - the rocking chair from my baby days was still in the corner. Only a bed had replaced the crib and a desk had been put in a corner as I grew older. On the desk there now sat a second-hand computer with the phone line for the modem stapled along the floor to the nearest phone jack. I could only guess that my dad hadn't known beforehand that I was bringing my own laptop. One definite advantage of living with my dad is that, like most dads, he doesn't hover. He left me alone to get unpacked, something my mother could never have done. It was a relief to be alone, to not have to try to act pleased to make someone happy, to stare moodily out the window at the rain. Not that it wasn't beautiful outside, more so than I remembered it being. Everything was lush and green, even in January. Forks High School had a grand total of three hundred and fifty-seven students - or three hundred and fifty-eight now. To put things into perspective, my junior class alone back in Phoenix had had over seven hundred students. All the kids here in Forks would have grown up together - their grandparents would have grown up together. I was going to be The New Kid from The Big City, a curiosity to be stared at. Maybe if I looked the part of a kid from Phoenix, I could work this to my advantage. A boy from Phoenix ought to be big and muscled, a sports player with a good tan to boot. Blond and blue-eyed too, probably. But I was all overlong bony limbs and overlong brown hair, obviously not an athlete, even if I had possessed the hand-eye coordination necessary for playing sports. In spite of living in the valley of the sun, I somehow managed to be pasty and frail-looking. All these things were in and of themselves nothing to really complain of; my only real complaint was of course my asthma. When I finished putting my clothes away, I took my bag of bathroom necessities and trudged off to the bathroom to get cleaned up after my travels. I tried hard not to look too hard at my face as I dragged the brush through my tangled, wet hair. Perhaps it was just