They saved her. One thing Illy could never deny. But, Illy found them, the Cullen's. Most thought it was the Cullen's who took her out of foster care, which is true. Illy though, well, she knew she had to be saved because she was dying. Not from a disease, but from herself. She was broken past the point of hope. She knew she couldn't be completely saved, but maybe repaired. There's always a light at the end of a tunnel. Like an day at the hospital, it was busy. Though Carlisle was immortal, it still took a strain on him. Walking down the hallway, he ran his hand through his hair and let out a sigh. Though it was unnecessary, he had to keep up the act of a human. "Dr. Carlisle?" A voice from behind him said. He turned around with a smile on his face. "Yes?" "You have a patient on level three in room 298." Callie, a new nurse, informed Carlisle. He grabbed the folder with the patients information from Callie and headed the elevator. Reading through the folder, which only contained about one document, he learned the girls name was Iliana Lenick and she was 16 years old. She seemed very behind on getting her shots and rarely ever goes to the doctors. Carlisle arrived at the room and knocked on the door and entered. There, in the hospital bed, laid a frail girl. Carlisle how her skin clung to her bones because she didn't seem to have muscles. Her skin almost resembled his, but in an ill way. She stared at him as he approached her bed, her ice-green eyes sad. "Hello, Ms. Lenick, I'm Dr. Cullen. How are you feeling?" Carlisle asked while grabbing the clipboard from his pocket. "Fine." Illy said in a small voice. If it would have been human talking to Illy, they would have asked her to repeat herself. Illy picked at her nails, no longer making eye contact. Looking closer, he noticed the girl had a faded black eye and bruised lip. She had a small scar from stitches along her hairline and she had a bit of a crooked nose, not that a human could ever tell. She wore long sleeves so Carlisle couldn't tell if she had bruises on her body, but he imagined so. "So, according to my papers, it says you're in here because of a possible concussion. Is that correct?" Carlisle asked, switching his eyes back and forth from her to the paper. "Yes." She whispered again. Carlisle grabbed his small flashlight from his pocket and held his finger up in front her face. "Look at my finger and follow it with your eyes but don't move your body." Carlisle clicked on the light to watch her eyes and moved his finger. The girl closed her eyes after 10 seconds, saying the light hurt her eyes. Clicking his flashlight off and returning to normal position, Carlisle scribbled down that the girl had a slight concussion. "Well, Iliana, you have a slight concussion. I suggest plenty of rest and no physical activity. I'll have the receptionists fax your school saying that you should have no interaction with computers for a few weeks. If your head starts hurting from focusing too much, take a break. You'll heal soon though." Carlisle gave her a reassuring smile. Taking a seat in the chair next to Illy's bed, Illy knew what question would be next. "How'd this concussion happen?" Great. Illy was never a good liar. She just couldn't. Think, Illy, think! "I slipped and hit my head on a table." "You told the nurse it was from getting hit in the head with a ball." Carlisle said, concerned. "Well, I did that too. That's how I got the concussion was from those two things." Illy recovered quickly. "Where are your parents?" Carlisle asked, scribbling away on his paper. "I'm a foster kid. I live with a couple and five other foster kids." Illy responded. Carlisle's seen these cases before. Foster children come in banged up, lie and say it was an accident when really they're abused. "Are you sure that's the truth?" Carlisle asked, looking Illy in the eye. Illy looked away from the doctor's topaz eyes. "Yeah, just a little accident." "Okay. I'll send a nurse in to discharge you. Pleasure meeting you, Iliana." Carlisle politely said, sticking out his hand. Illy cautiously shook it, flinching at how cold he was. "Sorry, my hands are usually freezing. My mistake." Carlisle said with a sincere smile and Illy gave a fake one before Carlisle left. As a nurse walked towards Illy's room, Carlisle stopped her. "I think she's an abuse victim." Carlisle said as he handed the nurse Illy's folder. "You stupid bitch!" Carter yelled as he smacked Illy across the face. Illy fell down hard, her head bouncing against the wood floor. She didn't let out a cry, just winced hard. She knew crying would only make it worse. "Carter, leave her alone." Amy, their foster mom, said meaninglessly from the couch. Amy could care less about Illy, just the money she came with. Last time the social worker came and saw the bruises on Illy, Amy and Vick were threatened to get the kids removed. Now, Illy has to wear long sleeves to cover up the truth. "Whore." Carter spat at Illy. Illy slowly got up, her head throbbing. She quickly got up, which was a bad mistake and quickly went to the bathroom. She stumbled, since her balance was off. Grabbing the counter before she fell, she slammed the door shut and locked the door. Her hand flew to her nose, which was bleeding. Illy grabbed a handful of tissues, pressing them to her nose and winced again. She was sure her nose was broken from two weeks ago. Making her way to the kitchen, she grabbed a bag of frozen vegetables. A hand flew to the back of her head as she sat down at the table and she growled. "Don't touch me." "I can do what I want." Vick said as he walked over to the sink. "What happened?" "I fell." I lied, knowing he knew what actually happened. "And if the social worker comes over soon, that's what you tell her." "If I don't?" Illy tested, turning towards Vick. "Trust me, you don't want to find out." He said with a malicious wink, and left the room. Going up to her room, which literally only could fit a bed and a dresser, Illy passed Naomi, who purposely ran into her. Naomi and her both get the shit beat out of them by Carter, but sometimes Carter treats Naomi kind. Never with Illy though. Illy locked her door and laid on her bed, her whole body in pain. Like usual, Illy found herself thinking. She'd been in foster care most her life, after her mother left her on the door steps of her grandma's house. Illy's grandma raised her until the age of five when sadly she passed. Illy had been in approximately 20 foster homes, 90% bad. Though she thankfully never had been sexually abused, a few of her foster siblings had been. Then the kids would get removed from the house once one of them would speak up or neighbors would start noticing screaming at night. The two families that Illy liked living with made Illy feel complete. Though at one home there was thirteen kids, the mother and father had loved each and every single one of them. Illy and the six foster kids living with them got removed due to the excess amount of kids. The second family, the father was accused of sexually abusing one of the girls, so all kids got removed but was later proven non-guilty, since the girl was mentally ill and also a compulsive liar. It was too late though, Illy had already been living with a different family. Illy had always been told she could make it as something big in the world. With her wide, beautiful eyes and her gorgeous, thick blonde hair with natural brown lowlights, no doubt was she considered beautiful. She had full pink lips, dark and long eyelashes, beautiful cheek bones, and an oval face. She was 5'8" with long legs but being as she barely ate, she always looked gaunt. She usually stayed hidden in school, trying to blend in with the crowd. She didn't possess any friends, in fear she'd get to close and have to move. She always kept up outstanding grades, since she needed scholarships to be able to go to college. For a long time, she wished for a better life. Now, she accepts it. She knows that if she wants better she's going to have to do it herself since no one is this household is ever going to help her. "Anna! Get down her!" Amy yelled from the living room. Slowly but surely, Illy got up. "It's Illy!" Illy called back down to Amy as she descended from the stairs. One of her foster siblings pushed her to move faster. "Get moving! Sadie's here!" Roberts, her other foster brother, yelled as he pushed her quickly down the steps. Sadie was the social worker that checked in spontaneously on the family. Everyone was tidying up the house and Illy quickly put some of her sister's coverup on and threw away the bloody tissues. Her nose had stopped bleeding and she used a cotton swab to get rid of the dry blood around her nose. Illy went back into the kitchen and put back the pack of frozen vegetables. The whole sat in the living room, Illy taking a seat on the love seat next to Naomi. Amy answered the door, pretending to be all sweet and bubbly. It disgusted Illy. The first thing Sadie was concerned about was Illy, since Sadie mainly only cared about her. Sadie looked at Illy right as she stepped through the door, noticing Illy looking away from her and out the window. "Greetings, everyone." Sadie said, as she took a seat in front of everyone on a foldout chair. The usual things were discussed, like how everyones feeling, how school is going, and any concerns. Sadie always prayed Illy would speak up but she never did. "Carter, how are your anger problems coming along?" Sadie asked the oldest foster kid, who was almost 18. He flashed her a smirk. "I don't have anger problems." "You've been removed from seven foster homes due to violent behavior." Sadie said, unamused by his blatant attitude. Carter just scoffed at the woman and slouched further in his chair with his arms cross, his brown eyes angry. "I'm fine, I'm practically the nicest person in this house." At that, all the other foster kids made faces to prove Sadie's suspicions true. Sadie scribbled down on her note sheet to find a more structural foster home. "Okay. Naomi, how's high school going?" "I think I'm pregnant." The whole room went silent. "What?" Naomi said harshly. "He's almost 18 and he promised to care for us." "Being that he's in high school, probably not." Roberts snapped at Naomi. That only added fuel to flame. "I want out of this shitty foster home! Illy and I get beat practically every fucking day and you assholes of people just sit there and watch!" Naomi now was standing and panting. If Illy could hug her, she would but Naomi was too angry right now. Sadie's eyes casted over to Illy. "Is this true?" Illy couldn't find the words, she just looked away. But that response right there just showed that Illy agreed. Roberts on the other hand was furious. "Of course, the girls get all the special attention. Don't you even care about the rest of us?" "Roberts, would you like a new foster family?" Sadie asked him with a sigh. "Yes!" He yelled, obviously furious. "Don't forget about Maverick!" Illy spoke up. Maverick, the eight-year-old, was