Sabrina was not the most organized of elves. To be truthful, she was an odd one. She looked like an elf, walked like an elf, thought like and elf, but still, she was odd. Sabrina could be loud and boisterous. She could curse like a dwarf or get into mischief like a gnome. She was young, at two thousand-one hundred and thirteen years old she was barely an adult. Sabrina had tried to hang around the males as a young little elf, as the females cared only for dresses and jewels. Sabrina wanted to romp and play, not to walk through the lilies in pretty dresses. Now Sabrina was on her own, and she was late to a very important date. Her father had ushered her out the door with her pack full of sketchings and plenty of blank paper for more sketching. "Off you go!" He had said, patting her bum like he would a child as he rushed her out the door, "To the council! You do not want to be late to such a great honor do you?" Sabrina did not, so she ran out the door, with her father yelling for her to be careful. Sabrina ran through Rivendell, stuffing papers into her pack as she went. She was so preoccupied she did not spy the other blonde elf running from the other direction. They collided, sending Sabrina to the ground rump first with an, "oof!" and the free papers she had been trying to stuff into her pack fluttered about the leaf strewn ground. Sabrina blinked, confused, now what had happened? Had she struck a stone wall? Looking up revealed she was wrong. No, she had merely struck the most handsome blonde elf she had ever seen. The elf looked down at her, "Oh! I apologize! I suppose should look where I am going!" He bent and offered his hand. Sabrina held up a finger, asking him to wait a moment while she gathered her papers. Once they were in the pack she took his hand. "I was not watching either, I am late and was in a hurry, trying to get my sketching paper in my pack." Sabrina slung her bag over her shoulder, "I am Sabrina," Sabrina declared, offering her small hand for a shake. The elf took it and gave it a firm shake. "An odd name, I am Legolas." Legolas said, smiling as he drew his hand back and situated his traveling cloak better. "It's not odd, my real elven name is Merenwen, Sabrina is Merenwen in common tongue. I like Sabrina better." Sabrina explained her speech was clipped and almost ran together in an eccentric manner. She started in the direction of the Council. Legolas followed her, apparently he was headed in the same direction. "Merenwen is a lovely name," Legolas commented, "but I suppose you should be called what you enjoy hearing. My name would be Greenleaf, in common tongue, not a very good nickname." Sabrina nodded, "Yes, my name just translates to another name which I suppose is odd in and of itself" Sabrina contemplated, scratching her chin as her emerald eyes traveled to the sky, as they often did when she was thinking. Finally they reached the council and quickly took their seats. They were indeed late, but Elrond did not seem to notice, as he had yet to start, he was still discussing something with an old man, dressed completely in white with neat white hair and a trimmed white beard. Sabrina got out some blank parchment and coal and began sketching the remainder of the fellowship. Sabrina had been here on the very first council of the ring some years ago. She had been a visual record keeper, drawing those that had joined the fellowship. She suddenly realized that Legolas had been apart of the fellowship and that she had sat next to him in the first council. How could she forget him? As Sabrina finished up her sketch she noticed the fellowship was only missing one, Boromir. That was a true shame. Sabrina had admired Boromir's spirit, they had exchanged a few words before the fellowship left, and she had been excited to make a friend from the lands of man, but he had not returned, and she was sure he had perished. Even Aragorn had returned, and he was now known to be king of Gondor, the returning king. Here, however, he was dressed has he had the first time. In ranger clothing. Sabrina shook her head and drew a little floating crown to acknowledge the king. Elrond finally turned to the chattering council, "We have gathered here, as we have before, years ago, but today is different, today we are not debating how to handle the fate of Middle Earth, but thanking, and giving respect to those who have risked their lives to save us all. Please, let the fellowship stand, and let us all thank them." Legolas rose from Sabrina's side, as did Gandalf the White, the four hobbits, Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin. Gimli, the dwarf, and Aragorn, the king. Sabrina quickly got out another piece of paper and began sketching the scene as everyone stood. Sabrina stood as well, from respect, but continued to sketch in the awkward position. Elrond gave a prayer to the fellowship, and the council repeated. Sabrina looked up from her drawing and spoke with the group, taking in the sight of the fellowship. All of them looked tired, beat up, and worse for wear, but happy to be home. They all seemed to have survived, save Boromir. Sabrina looked down at her paper and felt her eyes sting. She drew the barest of a light outline of the man from Gondor. She felt he should still be apart of this, if only in spirit, then so be it. Sabrina let out a long breath as Elrond finished his speech. The gathered council all bowed their heads in respect as the fellowship sat back down. Legolas regained his seat beside Sabrina and chanced a quick peek at her drawing. Sabrina noticed and flushed bright pink when she saw his little smile. She hastily replaced it with a fresh sheet and began drawing Elrond as he said farewell. Sabrina drew quickly, so when Elrond dismissed them she had most of him drawn in…she could do the rest from memory anyway… Sabrina stood with the other, trying to carefully stuff her papers into her bag. She was so busy she hardly noticed that Legolas lingered. When she finally looked up and noticed him standing there she gave a start and blinked at him for several moments, tilting her head slowly. "Hello again." She said in a way that made Legolas chuckle. "I apologize for startling you, but I could not help but notice you were quite good." Legolas replied, making Sabrina's blush return. "Oh…yes, I suppose I am good enough for Elrond…I mean, he invited me here, to draw the council for records, but there are sure to be more skilled then I." Sabrina said modestly, carefully placing her pack on her back and doodling in the dirt with the toe of her boot. Legolas nodded with a thoughtful look on his face. "Yes, good enough for Elrond indeed…perhaps even good enough for my own father." He mused, pacing a little with his head pointed slightly up to gaze at the sky. "We live underground, for the most part, I'm sure my father would appreciate some fine art to decorate…" Sabrina paled slightly, King Thranduil? "Oh no, I am not good enough for such things, and for an underground home monochromatic drawings would not help, he needs color…I cannot paint well." It was true, whenever Sabrina tried to drabble in things such as color she always seemed to butcher her poor art. Legolas turned about in a small slow circle, still thinking. "Then we shall get you a tutor! Your sketching skills paired with a painters talents would be a wondrous thing to see." Sabrina gulped, it didn't look like she was getting out of this so easily…She supposed it was her job…but she really just wanted to stay home. Sabrina was disorganized enough as it were…If she were to travel so far she would be an absolute mess! She chewed her bottom lip in thought, keeping her emerald eyes to the ground, her loosely plaited blonde hair falling about her shoulders. "Let me think on it…for tonight…and I shall give you my answer in the morning." She finally said, lifting her head to see the prince looking at her with his intense blue eyes. Legolas looked at her for a few moments, then gave his head a single nod, "alright…shall I meet you were we ah…ran into each other before? Say around…high noon?" He suggested with a small smile, laughter in his eyes. It had been awhile since he had been able to joke with another elven being. Sabrina let out a breath, "that sounds just fine." She agreed, adjusting the strap to her pack. She slowly turned to go and when Legolas did not seem to need to talk to her further, she hurried away. When she was out of eyesight she sprinted home, ready to be back to her cozy little home. Sabrina finally arrived at the little cottage, nestled in a glade of the tranquil forest. She burst in the door, finding her father reading one of his very favorite books. Lenwe did not even look up from his reading as his daughter burst into the door, causing their pet birds to flutter frantically in their grand bird cage. Enelya took a glance form the adjoining room briefly before turning back to her cooking. The elders were used to their daughter's rather…eccentric ways, and had ceased trying to help her be more lady like and graceful…and slower. "Am I safe to believe you made it on time?" Lenwe asked, finally setting his book down to look at her with a small smirk across his lips. The way his daughter rushed about he was almost positive she had made it in the nick of time, but he liked to tease her after all. "Oh, yes of course Ada!" Sabrina assured him, nodding her head sagely. "I did quite well, I think." She took her pack off her back and handed it to her Ada, who picked out the few pictures she had managed to draw while she was there. Lenwe looked over them and nodded, a smile creeping over his face as he realized a similarity between the ones she had drawn of the fellowship. Sabrina noticed immediately and wandered what her Ada was up to, "what? What is it?" She demanded, feeling the flush creep up her neck to her cheeks, staing them a soft pink rosy color. Lenwe turned the two pictures of the fellowships to his daughter so she may see. "My dear Merenwen, you seem to be paying exceptional attention to a certain male!" Lenwe pointed out. Sabrina's cheeks grew steadily darker. She had not noticed that! She snatched the drawings away and hastily retreated to her room. Lenwe only chuckled and set her bag down beside his chair. Enelya came in from the kitchen, wiping her hands on a towel. "How you torment our daughter!" Enelya chided gently, handing Lenwe a small plate of a baked treat. Her husband took it and chuckled, shaking his head. He was about to reply when Sabrina burst back into the room, eyes wide. "Oh Ada a almost forgot to tell you!" Sabrina began excitedly, already having completely forgotten about her father's teasing. Lenwe raised a brow and sat back with his hands folded and his plate resting on his thigh. "Do go on Merenwen!" he said with a wide smile. Enelya tutted and went back to get Sabrina a plate, not doubt the little elf was hungry. She was all over the place she was! Sabrina sat in a chair next to