Part 1 : Juniper McRiver is in Hogwarts '' Gryffindor '' called the Sorting Hat. The Great Hall exploded with another wave of applause. A little girl with very untidy, wavy, reddish brown hair got off under the hat and walked towards to the last table happily and sat down between a black haired boy and a blonde girl. The sorting ceremony was going on, the feast hadn't begun yet. She started watching the Hall. The rest of the first years, most of whom looked a little scared, was lined up before the tables. Behind them was the teachers' table. An old, tall man who had half-moon shaped glasses on his crooked nose was sitting in the middle of the long, rectangular oak table. '' This must be Albus Dumbledore '' she thought to herself. Of course, she had had heard a lot about the most powerful, the brightest wizard of the century. She had always admired him, since her mother had started telling her about his adventures. She remembered the tired but patient smile that appeared on her face when she made her tell for the fifth time about his duel against Gellert Grindelwald… She had dozens of Dumbledore cards ( coming out of the Chocolate Frogs ) hung by thin, colourful ropes from the chandelier in her bedroom. So coming to Hogwarts meant for her, more than anything, meeting him at last. Being able to look directly at him gave her a great pleasure. But his eyes were concentrated on another point. She followed his looks and stopped on a first year boy. He was one of the most anxious looking ones waiting in the line. He was rather thin with black, untidy hair and round glasses. She wondered what made this boy so interresting that Dumbledore couldn't stop gazing at him. '' Potter Harry '' called the tall, severe looking witch who introduced herself as Professor Minerva McGonnagal. Dumbledore and the whole Hall : almost every student, teacher and ghost were now looking at this little boy with amazement. She was growing curious, being sure that she had heard this name before, but just couldn't remember where or when. After a minute or so, the old Sorting Hat cried '' Gryffindor '' and there was yet another applause, but the biggest of all. Whole Gryffindor table was cheering, congratulating each other for having '' got '' the Potter boy. As he walked towards the table, she said '' Where ? Where did I hear his name before ? '' to herself. '' Are you kidding ? You mean Harry Potter ? '' said the black haired boy, sitting on her left, looking unbeleivingly. '' Oh, hello. '' she responded, feeling a little shy in front of this unexpected reaction. '' Is it so weird that I don't know him ? I mean i know that i heard his name before, i am pretty sure of it but still… Anyway, as you clearly know him, could you enlighten me ? '' '' Wow.. How ?! I mean everyone… Even the 3 years old kids ! '' he continued ravingly, his light blue eyes wide open. '' Well, will you stop this and tell me about him ? '' she said, angry against such despising talk. '' Er..Sorry, i was rude. You must be a muggle-born, so it isn't such weird that you don't know about him. Still most of the muggle-borns hears about him this way or another before they come here as he is even mentioned in some of the school books. It is really rare to find anyone that has never heard of him.'' he said apologizingly and added '' By the way, my name is Morgan Leather. And you are… ? '' '' I am Juniper . Juniper McRiver. And i am not a muggle-born, both my parents belong to the wizarding community. '' '' Really ? Can't be ! Where were you living, on Jupiter ? How come they didn't tell you about him ? Or how come nobody told you about him ? '' '' Well, actually, our house is on the edge of a forest where neither muggles nor wizards pass usually. Both my parents are researchers. They send articles on their discoveries to the magazines or sometimes guide interesting trips on command for adventurists, like to the land of giants etc. But they never take me to those places, they say it's too dangerous.'' added Juniper seeing the look of deep amazement on Morgan's face. '' So it is usually just the three of us, months pass and i don't see anyone from the wizarding world, except for a few old friends of my parents who call on twice a year or so. And when they visit us, it is mostly the subjects like the werewolves, giants, best trees for wand making etc. that are talked about. But i passed most of my time reading so i know quite a lot of things about our world. I just didn't hear much about recent wizarding news. Dad always told me that i would be able to talk and hear about all that '' rubbish '' when i come to Hogwarts. He was right, no ? '' she finished, smiling at the funny expression on Morgan's face. '' So.. you are telling me that your family and you shut the doors to the outside world so tightly that you don't even know the most famous wizards of our age ? '' '' No, it is not like that. Yes, we lived out of the wizarding community but they told me about the great wizards, the wizard families and the history of magic. I just don't know much about the recent events. And let's return to the point ! Who is Harry Potter ? A child rock-star or what ? '' she said in a defending way. '' Rock-star ? How can you claim that you know the history of magic when you have no clue about the one who defeated, when he was just a baby, You-Know-Who ? '' said Morgan and added doubtedly '' You know You-Know-Who, right ? The darkest wizard ? '' '' What ? You mean Voldemort ? Of course i know about him. '' Morgan trembled and whispered : '' Don't say his name ! You don't even know that rule ! So if you know him, haven't you ever wondered what caused him to disappear ? '' '' I have been told that he just lost his powers during one of his evil actions. When i asked what kind of an action it was my parents just told me that i didn't need to know the details and made me promise that i wouldn't dig it anymore. Actually, i always thought it was strange that they made me promise such a thing, as they always encouraged me to research. But you know, a promise is a promise. '' '' Yeah it is strange, indeed. Why would they do such a thing ? Everyone else knows what that '' evil action '' is. He was trying to kill Harry Potter. He murdered his parents but when he tried to kill him too, he lost all his powers and disappeared, leaving no more damage than a scar shaped like a lightining on his forehead. This is why Potter is so famous. He defeated one of the darkest and the most powerful wizards of the world, when he was just a little baby. '' '' What ? Really ? '' asked Juniper in amazement. She couldn't believe that a baby could survive and cause Voldemort, the most feared wizard of their world, to disappear. '' But how did he make it ? '' '' No one knows. There are just rumors. Some say that Potter himself is a powerful dark wizard. ''. '' Hmm… he doesn't seem like one, that's for sure.''. said Juniper gazing at the boy who was chatting happily with a red-haired boy, a few seats away. Juniper's very first week in Hogwarts was advancing without any problem. Even though she hadn't had much company while she was growing up at the edge of a wild forest, she proved to be confortable enough around other kids. She slept peacefully in her dormitory room with four other girls on whom she was keen and spent many beautiful, chatting-playing time with her new friends, espcecially with Morgan, who happened to be one of her class-mates, with whom she had already become good friends. Next to the lessons she was attending enthusiastically, she learned from him too a lot about the wizarding community : sort of things she had never talked about, like the famous bands and useful tips about the teachers. Morgan, growing up in a rather outgoing wizard family, knew a lot about those stuff. Indeed, that day, waiting in front of the classroom in the cold dungeons for their first Potions class he said to her : '' Our first time with Professor Snape. Eh ! You know what my elder brother Jack told me about him ? He said Snape was the toughest of all, particularly for those from Gryffindor. He is head of the Slytherin House and clearly doesn't like Gryffindors a lot. He told me McGonnagall was at least fair, being that strict, but Snape favoured Slytherins over the others. He is one of the most hated tachers, of course except for his own house. '' . '' I wonder which one was him. I can't remember faces of all the teachers from the feast. '' said Juniper vaguely. '' Hah ! I know, you were busy with adoring Dumbledore. I saw you doing it before we started talking. ''sniggered Morgan. '' Whatever, he was the one who had black hair and a hooked nose. Remember ?''. Then a man who really had black hair, a hooked nose and cold black eyes opened the door of the classroom and waited silently for them to enter. Juniper and Morgan, upon the choice of the latter, found themselves seats in the back of the classroom. Once everyone is settled, Snape began to take the roll call. When he came to Harry Potter's name, to Juniper's surprise, he paused and said : '' Ah yes, Harry Potter our new-celebrity.''. A few boys from Slytherin laughed at this remark, but most of the class stayed silent. Usually, the teachers seeing Harry's name on the call, happily welcomed him but Professor Snape seemed to take pleasure of making him feel uncomfortable. He asked him some questions that nobody in the class, except for Hermione Granger – a hard-working witch as Juniper observed – seemed to know the answers. After he is done with Potter, he asked them to seperate into pairs and start brewing a cureboil. So Juniper and Morgan lit a fire under their cauldron and began following the instructions that had appeared on the board with a tap of wand. Nobody dared to talk much while Professor Snape wandered between them, criticising every one of them, except for some Slytherins. Juniper, while she was chopping some ingredients, wondered why he was particularly cruel to the Potter boy as he had done nothing wrong and, considering his situation, most people tended to behave him really nice. She, herself, didn't know him much but had a few opportunities of communicating with him. He seemed like a modest, nice kid not like how Professor Snape showed him. Every time they saw each other he always greeted her and stopped for a little talk. Juniper had already start liking him and his friend Ron. While she was thinking these, Professor Snape came next to her and without even looking at them he said : '' If you keep at this speed, the potion will be ready before the sunset, if we are lucky .'' and continued walking. The rest of the class passed by merely following step by step the instructions