A/n (Warning: novel length): First things first, I would thank EVERYONE who read and reviewed "Wasted Daylight." Without you guys, I would have never been motivated to write this! I would also like to give a very, very, very, VERY special thanks to Small-she-wolf for putting up with my tardiness and overall motivating me to write. If not for her, this wouldn't be possible. She's funny, compassionate, brilliant, and incredibly helpful. She's my best friend. An absolute angel , whose every word I hang onto whenever I write! I can't even begin to express how grateful I am for her continued support! I know it took me FOREVER to post this, I apologize for that, but I'm a procrastinator… which is why everyone should be as grateful as I am that Small-she-wolf was here to motivate me. Otherwise, this might've never been written. (If you have the time, show her some love for me!) For those unawares, Small-she-wolf's going to be posting this same story in French! (And, in case you didn't know, she has already translated "Wasted Daylight.") Overall, I couldn't ask for a cooler person to be helping me with this story, nor could I ask for cooler and more patient readers! It's been a demanding process—one that I suspect will only more difficult the more I write—months of filling up notebooks and staying up all night coming up with ideas. Months of going in and out of writer's block. Months of not knowing what I wanted to do with the story, constantly revising it. Months of being happy one day and deeply depressed the next—of writing a whole chapter's worth of stuff, and then being unable to do more than write a sentence before I lose my resolve. After all the ups and downs life's thrown at me, I can say that I have something to show for it. And I'm ecstatic; overwhelmed with gratitude to everyone who has taken the time to leave me reviews; to PM me to ask about the story, or just to ask how I'm doing; to favorite, or follow "Wasted Daylight." The amount of positive energy is overwhelming and I just want to say " thank you " to everyone for being patient. Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! (So, before we get onto the story, to cover the basics : This story takes place in an Alternate Universe: there is no camp half-blood, no divinities of any sorts, no items imbued with magical properties—just regular people, and regular stuff, with the occasional unexplainable occurrence that everyone ignores . Characters are older . ( E.G: Percy is almost 19 …) Characters will be OOC. (It's AU…) * This is a dark story with dark and mature themes . This story isn't labeled as romance because—though, Luke and Percy do eventually become involved—bear in mind that the relationship in which they find themselves in is NOT healthy. (More Stockholm Syndrome and less Romeo and Juliette) Outside of the realm of fiction, I do not condone any of the behavior I write about. This story will contain kidnapping, coercion, dubious consent, burglary, substance-abuse, excessive swearing and offensive language, psychological trauma, strong and sometimes graphic acts of violence, graphic sexual content, mentions of child-abuse, and past physical and sexual abuse of a minor. Overall, this story contains content that will offend. However, to abide with site rules; nothing explicit will be posted on here. The story in its entirety will be on my AO3—link to it on my profile page; although, it will probably update slower on there than over here. At no point during the read, if you are made uncomfortable should you continue. In fact, I implore you to utilize the back button if you find upon something that doesn't bode well with your principles.) If I missed anything, do let me know! This has taken so much time to write out that I'm just dying to upload it. Probably over the weekend I'll check it for imperfections, for now it's un-beta'd. Sorry! The longer Percy stared at his book-report, the less sense it seemed to make and the more his head began to pound with the beginnings of a really bad migraine. He was trying―Percy really , really was―to write this damned paper for his Art History class. In all honesty, however, Percy knew nothing about anything in the course. Not because he didn't know how to learn; Percy just couldn't be bothered to read the old and over-priced tomes he was assigned, as well as two heavy textbooks, and a PDF. File big enough to crash even the school's computers. To be brief; for one class, it was all too much to read in the short time remaining in the semester. Besides, there weren't nearly enough pictures of naked women to keep him interested. Not that he was some freak that got his rocks off in class... it was just that, Percy wasn't in the least bit interested in Art History; something he demonstrated on the regular basis whenever he fell asleep during a lecture or review. To be frank, the only reason the youth agreed to take Art History was because his Guidance Counselor promised it would be an easy " A ." Gnawing at the remnants of his mechanical pencil's eraser, Percy re-read his thesis statement and tried to process the multitude of names of the artists he was writing about and their respective pieces. Most of the words were written in languages he'd barely begun to understand, Percy realized. Glancing over them again and again, eventually he gave up on remembering how everything was supposed to be pronounced. The other half (Percy's own muddled words) was written in what the youth hoped the instructor could discern as English. However, given the way his dyslexia was choosing to act up that night, Percy was probably going to get low marks on his spelling... as usual . Percy was pretty sure the professor hated him... Gah, why'd he let himself be signed up for this course? His step-father was a powerful man; he greased the palms of every academic superpower known to get Percy admitted into this school. The terms of Percy's enrollment were simple; his step-dad had said that Percy could take any course he wanted, so long as he got passing-marks in it. Percy knew full-well that he wasn't let in for his smarts. The only reason his step-father had even considered sending Percy to college (and to this university in particular) was because the teen had an innate-talent for swimming and the school's swim-team hadn't won anything in years . Being an alumni, it was only right that Paul try to help his former-school out. All he needed was a passing grade … it didn't even matter what class. So, why the hell did Percy let himself be talked into Art History ? Surely, studying Human Sexuality in Mrs. Fairfax's psychology class was infinitely more interesting. Even with his ADHD, Percy was more than sure he could care more for and excel in, any subject that wasn't art— still and boring art . Calculus had a practical application; knowing the hidden message in Da Vinci's "Last Supper" didn't. Plastic cracked under his molars as Percy furrowed his brows and threw himself back in his chair. The sturdy wooden-legs scraped loudly against the floor, the chair moaning at the abrupt shift of his weight. Percy's dorm-mate, Grover Underwood, stirred ever so slightly but did not rouse. The older man was so hurt off the Special-K he'd been tricked into taking by Clarisse that he couldn't have awoken if he wanted to. Percy glanced over his shoulder, spitting out chunks of his pencil as he regarded Grover with cautious sea-green eyes. Grover Underwood had been his friend since he enrolled. Laid-back and honest, he reminded Percy of his life before his mother had gotten hitched to New York's most well-renowned media magnate. Grover was a shaggy-looking dude with hand-me-down clothes and a mangy-looking goatee. Most of the time when Percy and Grover hung out, the older man was experimenting with drugs or already buzzing from the effects of his last hit―if his dealer didn't come through, then Grover spent most of his time hitting on girls. Not that he had much luck with them, aside from Juniper; his on again off again girlfriend. Despite being good people, the narcotics were obviously rotting Grover's brain; his grades were so bad, it was a miracle he hadn't yet been put on Academic Probation… or expelled . Percy always wondered how Grover got into the university in the first place when (as far as he could tell) the older man was, to be frank , a stereotypical recreational drug-user. Sighing, Percy straightened out in his chair and kicked his legs up onto the desk. He was going nowhere with this paper. Hopefully , Annabeth could salvage it for him before class. Leaning back in his chair, Percy closed his eyes and tried to clear his mind. Inhaling slowly, he let his mind wander. Easily enough, Percy found himself imagining that he was floating on the surface of the ocean. The gentle waves rolling underneath his splayed form; how the water would find its way into his ears, making it hard for him to hear anything but the blissful churning of the sea. The sunlight warming his face and chest; a contrast to the cool, green-blue waves lapping at his back and lulling him into a trance-like state as he gave himself to the will of the surf. Thinking of the smell of seawater, Percy sighed deeply; feeling weightless as he dared to lean back further and further, until only the corner of his chair's hind-legs were touching the floor. Percy adored the ocean―it reminded him of his dad and a simpler time. A time before his dad disappeared from the picture and his mother was forced to raise him by herself. The summers he spent in his early childhood, on his father's fishing boat seafaring were some of the best of his life. The charter bobbing on the waves as fish leapt from the ocean like torpedoes, sending water high into the air as they broke the surface of the churning sea. Thinking of the ocean used to make him want to tear something apart with his hands. It used to make him want to cry and scream until his tears dried, and his eyes stung, and his voice stopped working because his throat was hot and raw. It used to make Percy's chest tight with guilt. Misplaced guilt ―but, guilt nonetheless because, back then, his mother wasn't ever happy after she received " the call " from his father's fishing company. The memory grew fuzzier around the edges with each passing day, but Percy could still remember the way his mother had frozen when she answered the phone and was immediately met with the company's owner. The way her eyes glossed over when she was offered condolences for a loss that Sally hadn't yet realized she'd suffered. How her usually rock solid resolve crumpled and how she fell apart in gasping, hysterical sobs. Percy was so young back then; too young to understand what had just happened. He only knew that his mother was crying and that he wanted her to stop. He'd tried to help her. Percy tried to cheer her up, telling her that Dad would come home and make things right. She didn't smile at him like she normally did; in fact, she only cried harder. Pulling him into the quavering cage of her arms, Sally had sobbed into his hair until she could pull herself together enough to kiss him on the crown of his head and send him to his room. When he asked why, his mother almost broke down again. "Mommy needs some time alone. Go play upstairs..." She'd said through hiccups. And it was like this for a while; his mother