He probably thought I was sleeping. My breathing was constant and slow, but I was so aware of him leaning his stomach against my side under the covers. I clutched a pillow to my right, thinking feverishly about things I shouldn't be thinking of. Edward had recently agreed to start trying again, after I'd assaulted him that night and had no new bruises the next morning. Even better, he was content and I'd realized a hobby. Better than snorkeling, hiking, swimming, or playing chess—just a few activities that had been repeated during the first week of our honeymoon. Practice was all it was. I liked practicing. But I was feeling daring tonight. It was late, and I was wide awake with wonder and desire. I wanted to drive him crazy. I'd never seen him very vulnerable before. He was always so perfectly in control and he always got what he wanted. I was prepared to make him beg. Just picturing him biting his lip and scrunching up his face and groaning as he was tortured in the best kind of way made my stomach flutter with excited tingles. So quickly I could be sure he would know what I was doing but be be overwhelmed, I climbed on top of him and spread my legs around his, locking myself to him. "Bella," he said, surprised. His voice was velvety and soft. "Are you—" "I'm awake," I giggled. "Don't worry. I'll warn you about my plans to seduce you, this time." A blush colored my cheeks. That sounded bad. He raised his eyebrows. "Oh?" "Unless you don't . . ." I made my face fall. His eyes widened. "No, Bella, it's fine!" He eased my body closer to his, his hand brushing my jaw softly. He smiled. "I'm yours." I smiled. He thought this was going to a gentle affair. I started writhing my hips against his hips, panting breathing heavily as my body rocked in time to the thrum of the ceiling fan. His hands responded, going to my underside and feeling around to where the bottom half of my teal-colored lingerie was. I grabbed his fingers and held them away, twisting his arm up to encircle me. I could feel his cold body temperature turn less chilly as he responded eagerly, trying to even my movements with some of his own. But as soon as he would try to touch me, I pinned his arms down and forbid it. I knew it would be hard for him. I kissed him passionately, my breathing accelerating for real this time. My tongue slipped out and wet his lips, and his hands tried to escape my grasp. He was so much stronger than me, but something about the way we were tangled up made his muscles turn to Jello. I pushed myself against him, still grinding with my stomach and hips, getting excited myself. I needed to dial it down. I propped myself up on my elbows to watch him, still retraining any urge for him to put his hands on me. I knew he ached to as much as I ached to let him, but I was trying to teach us both some self control. It would be worth it. As soon as he got the message and kept his hands up by the headboard without my hands tying them there, he realized that it was almost as good for me to touch him. The palms of my hands were slick against his smooth skin, going underneath the fabric of his shirt. My fingers massaged into his stomach and dropped lower, skimming his clothing. He groaned as he lifted up to kiss me. A thrill shot through my veins. I allowed it, my tongue slipping out to contribute. I wasn't gentle as I slammed his arms back onto the mattress when they insisted on removing my clothes. "What's the rush?" I breathed hot air into his mouth. "Just thought you'd like to get this show on the road." I could tell he was bitter because I hadn't allowed him to do what he was used to. Not bitter, exactly. More like annoyed because he wasn't satisfied, but trying to be persuasive because I was the one who could provide what he longed for. And I knew it. It wasn't like he didn't also have what I wanted, but it wasn't about me right now. I played dumb. "Huh? We have all night, Edward. Plenty of time." I thought I heard him whimper, and more adrenaline washed through me. At least I could do something right. "Are you okay?" I whispered, blowing on his face unintentionally. "Of course." His voice was unsteady, but he laughed. "Are you? You're being unintentionally funny tonight." I narrowed my eyes. "How so?" "Your suddenness, the way you attacked me. . ." his eyes sparkled with dark humor. "Your brusque sexiness . . ." I almost laughed myself, but I ignored his jibes. "Yes, I'm fine." "Hm." He seemed to be playing with me on purpose. "If you say so. Be warned . . . That might not last long." I grinned. "You dare to challenge me?" "Any day of the week," he whispered back through perfect teeth. "Take it away, pretty boy," I whispered back menacingly. I had no idea where this was coming from. But I loved it. I allowed myself to be flipped over, landing on my back as he pressed unto me from above. Simultaneously, he started to kiss me, being as urgent as I was. His lips forced mine open and grazed my mouth with an intensity that I'd never felt from him before. So this was a competition, then, of who could make the other lose it first. I was't going to let him win. I told myself that, but already my legs were weakening, my fingers absentmindedly curling in his hair, moans starting to make their way from deep in my chest. No. That wasn't happening. I attempted to roll over again, but he locked down on me, refusing to give in. There was no way I could fight with his strength, so I brainstormed other strategies. When he kissed me, I kissed him back harder, knowing if he reciprocated, I would get hurt—and he wouldn't do that. It was wrong to use his protective nature—his brute urge to keep me safe and unharmed—against him. But I doubted he would mind in the end. I sucked on his neck, holding his head back with my hands so it was too late for him to reach mine. The taste of his skin enveloped all my senses, it was so strong and delicious. His eyes started to close. I slowed my movements, my lips smoothing his skin and my body writhing beneath his. But when I reached for his jeans, he woke up from the trace with a jolt and grinned. "Nope," he growled. He was suddenly all instinct, and I was happpily fearful. His hands were faster, easing off my sweatpants and running his fingers against me, creating a pooling wetness that I couldn't control. I blushed wildly. Not fair. He started to kiss my neck, thrusting his hips without achieving reward. I ached for him, clawing my hands on his back, pushing him hard against me. It was sad that one touch was all it took. Screw the competition. I groaned into his mouth, and he hesitated, wobbling, which was unlike him. I probably should have been concerned, but I seized the opportunity to get his jeans off. He lifted his hips up for me and kicked them off, and since I couldn't reach a certain part of him with my mouth I started to stroke him, leaving his boxers on and waiting for the begging to ensue. He allowed me to continue for a minute before reaching to help me out of my shirt and then removing his. I was as distracted as he was, and we both forgot everything for a moment. I snickered, and he raised his eyebrows. "Bella," he whispered. I grunted in reply as his hands ran down my body, starting from my chest to my stomach, resting on my hips. What he did next shocked me. He didn't start to touch me where I knew he wanted to in the way that I thought, but instead shifted himself down a few feet. Before I could cry out or smack him or gasp, his head was between my legs and I knew what real torture felt like. It was too late, I thought desperately. I lost. And then he licked me through the fabric. My fingers yanked his hair roughly, and I thought of apologizing before I realized he probably didn't feel it. I started to lift up, grinding myself against him. But his hands held me down firmly, pressing into my waist and thighs. Oh God. "Edward, I—" I hissed, not knowing what I was going to say. I needed to unleash some emotion somehow. "What?" He blew cold air against me, and I tingled everywhere. "Um, maybe you should give me a chance to do what you're doing," I tried to say as seductively as I could when he gave me the chance to rebound. "But, you know. . . on you." I wished I could reach to stroke him, show him what I meant, but he was too far, his hands holding my legs down. "I don't think so," he crowed. I gasped when he pulled down my underwear so fast I didn't know it happened until his mouth dissolved every thought I'd ever had. I was so glad I married him. Of course I would have never had the thought, but he really was the best at everything . His tongue swiped in between my folds, and he pressed into me, adding to the moisture that was almost too much for me to bear. His lips felt suddenly warm, kissing so gently that I forgot where I was, I forgot that I was supposed to be winning, and I forgot that I was not allowed to be slipping away so easily. "Mmm . . ." My lips parted involuntarily. His long fingers slipped in to contribute, rubbing my sensitive areas and coating themselves in wetness before pushing inside. "Tell me to stop and I will," he whispered, making sure I knew he still cared over-excessively, even in times when my mind couldn't remember much. There was no pain, like the first time. I didn't feel much in that spot, except for my muscles contracting, squeezing around his finger to allow him inside comfortably. He sighed, perhaps imagining it wasn't his finger inside me, but something else more desirable. He started sucking again, softly humming to cause vibrations that coursed through me like fireworks. I rocked back and forth, adding to the friction that would help me orgasm. So close. I rocked harder and gritted my teeth. He pulled away. Of course he couldn't allow that just yet. I felt like screaming in frustration, my eyebrows furrowing. He crawled back up, kissing the creases away in my forehead. I allowed myself the opportunity to grab his hand and ease it back to where I wanted it. He restrained, so I pressed my warm lips against his ear and whispered, "Please, Edward. Please touch me." The last part came out as a groan, and he mimicked the sound as the words reached him. He sounded as urgent as I felt, but he was under better control. Of course his longing couldn't have been that strong yet. I casually slipped my hand down his stomach to check. I barely needed to brush him with my fingers to feel the firmness. "Careful," he said. "No," I growled. I took a deep breath, trying to make my voice gentle and "sexy" again. "I want you," I murmured. "Now." "I want you, also. But you admitted it first, so are you giving up?" He grinned mischievously. "Forfeiting?"