To celebrate my 2nd fanfic-nniversary, here's another naughty Lumione! Hope you all enjoy! More other updates to follow now that I'm home again! All characters and canon situations belong to J.K. Rowling. Hermione's eyes lit up with excitement as Ron nudged a red envelope her way across the table. Throughout the dinner, she thought he had forgotten their fifth wedding anniversary, but this proved that he hadn't. Her hands worked quickly, feeling giddy from the wine she consumed; she felt certain that this was something special. Two tickets fell into her palm, and when she read them, the young witch was left speechless. She looked at her husband with baffled eyes and turned them over, seeking some clue that this was a ruse or a joke. However, there was nothing. Nothing, but the two tickets to the exclusive Knockturn Alley establishment called the Velvet Serpent , or the last place she ever wanted to visit in her life. "Well?" Ron asked in eager tone. "Surprised?" "Definitely." Hermione looked up at him and frowned. "Tickets to a swingers' club, Ron? Are you serious?" She was inwardly aghast at how nonchalant he appeared to be by her lack of enthusiasm. Didn't he know her at all? "I thought we'd just get out to check it out for fun. You know, have an adventure for a change." Hermione rolled her eyes. "This is hardly what I'd call an adventure, Ronald. You just suggested we'd jump into bed with other people, and you know I'm not into that! I wasn't aware we had an open marriage," she said dryly, but her insides painfully contracted. Ron heavily sighed. "I never said we'd participate. I just thought we'd see what's it all about and have a little fun. If anything it might spice things up. Don't you get tired of the same old routine every day? We don't have to do anything, just go and see what it's all about." Unsettled by his tone, Hermione blinked back the tears that stung her eyes. Some anniversary. But maybe ... maybe he had a point. When they first got married, they were so passionate and alive with the possibilities of what the new chapter in their life would reveal. And lust. That had been so present in those early days. Now between busy work schedules and a two-year-old Rose, the physical connection waned and cooled. But that was part of growing up, wasn't it? They couldn't go on as two carefree newlywed teenagers. Hermione watched Ron's defeated expression on his face as he awaited her response. The silence began to feel stifling. While a sense of predictability and boredom had slowly been creeping into their marriage, Hermione admitted it to herself for the first time that night. He wanted this, she realized. She felt her resolve crumble despite that every part of her wanted to fight this stupid idea. "Since you got the tickets, we might as well go and see what it's all about," she finally said. He grinned at her. "Are you sure?" She shrugged and kept her tone light, "Why not? Like you said, it could be a fun adventure for us, just to say that we've been somewhere like that." Hermione's apprehension shot through her body as they walked down Knockturn Alley toward the club complex. When they came to a set of wrought iron doors, Ron handed their tickets to a masked wizard, who waved them through. Much to her surprise, the interior of the place looked impressively elegant and upscale under the pale green lights. Soft classical music provided the perfect backdrop to the murmur of relaxed conversation from the mingling patrons. With various cocktails in hand, the couples looked relaxed and fairly normal. It all looked relatively harmless compared to the orgies Hermione's mind conjured up on the way over. After a few drinks, they joined a pack of couples on the dance floor. The music washed over them, igniting Hermione's sense of blissful euphoria as she moved against Ron, closing her eyes and breathing deeply. What had she been afraid of? This was harmless. Several hours surged forward in what seemed like minutes. They danced and talked to other couples. Hermione felt like they were reconnecting again as a couple, not just parents. When Ron went to get another cocktail, she lost temporary sight of him. The moment her eyes found him again, he was talking to two women, who were sitting on the chaise longue on the fringes of the dance floor. Her usual response would have been to join them, to insert herself into the conversation, and claim her territory, but something made her pause. Her pulse quickened as she saw her husband lean in to the exotic brunette and whisper something in her ear. The witch's hand was on his arm, and Hermione sensed that the woman was paying him a compliment. Jealousy sliced through her insides. The brunette stranger was definitely sexy. It was too deem to make out her exact features, but with her long flowing hair and the kind of curves that Hermione often envied, she was what any wizard would desire. The other witch turned to talk to someone, then stood up and walked off toward the bar area. Hermione her attention back to Ron. He didn't seem in a hurry to move away from the lady. Hermione wondered if the drink was getting to him. Flabbergasted, she watched him ask the lady to dance. Ron turned and guided the beauty around the floor. As he made eye-contact with Hermione, he winked at her. Hermione felt short of breath as blood began to pound in her head. Pure instinct drew her away from the ghastly scene. She rushed past languid bodies, eventually finding a place in the corner of the bar. If only the barman could brew a drink or a potion that would erase this whole wretched night. Some anniversary! Ron promised it was all going to be innocent, but now he was ignoring her and dancing with another witch. Just how far did he expect this so-called adventure to go? She sniffed, feeling even more pathetic as she couldn't capture the bartender's attention long enough to order anything. Never had Hermione felt so utterly miserable in her life. Perhaps she should just go home and deal with Ron when he deigned to come back. "Come now, no tears are allowed in my establishment. That sort of behavior is bad for business." The refined notes broke through her silent thoughts. Hermione looked up and froze when she saw her speaker. Towering over her was none other than Lucius Malfoy. He gave her a hard once over. Her palms began to sweat and she was suddenly engulfed by nervousness at the overwhelming sexuality he exuded without speaking a word. Had her skin not been holding her together, she would have melted from the intense scrutiny of his eyes. The room turned dangerously still and quiet, yet activity seemed to go on as before. With an effort, she snapped herself out of it. "I-I-I'm s-sorry. I was just ... leaving," Hermione croaked out. The former Death Eater shook his head. "It was a joke, Miss Granger." "Oh. Okay." He motioned at the bartender, then looked back at her. "Name your poison." "I-I don't know. Red wine, I guess." "A raspberry Rossini," he smoothly ordered for her, ignoring her request. It was rather embarrassing to sound so un-cosmopolitan as to not be able to name any cocktail. Hermione looked down and murmured her thanks, her humiliation complete. She took out her purse and rummaged through it for change, when Lucius Malfoy cut her off, "On the house." Lifting her eyes back to his face, she looked him over. He seemed rather different, not as disdainful or arrogant as Hermione was used to seeing him. The eyes, however, conveyed the biggest change, she supposed. There was something different in them, but she could hardly name what. What did someone like him do in this place? He said it was his establishment, so he owned it. She'd never thought Malfoys would ever set a foot in such a place, much less run. She saw his sensually molded lips move, "May I join you?" His question took her completely off guard. She had only expected to exchange a round of greetings that common courtesy demanded, nothing more. Still, Hermione gave a quick nod; she needed company. At least, any conversation between them would help take her mind off Ron. "So, this is your club, Mr. Malfoy?" she asked, uncertain how to make small-talk with a wizard like him. "Yes. What do you think?" "I never thought you'd be into something like this," Hermione admitted, sipping at her sweet drink. His eyes danced in amusement and a hint of a smile was visible on his lips. "Business is business, and the business is good, as the saying goes. And what is wrong with it? I am open to any constructive feedback." "Nothing. It's just this swinging thing is not for me. My husband talked me into coming here, but he seems more keen than I am to partake." "Too bad. Honesty, safety, and good communication are the key for participating in this lifestyle," he drawled. "Forget being 'talked into', explore new things because they provoke interest and curiosity from you on their own merit; don't try something to please another person. The whole point of this place is to provide an escapism from the dregs of reality. Here, fantasies come to life. Here, nothing is forbidden. However, the caveat is that both partners have to be on the same page about their expectations." "No offense, but to me it's nothing but sanctioned infidelity," Hermione bluntly stated. He pursed his lips. "I happen to disagree. In fact, I believe my club is the antidote to the myriad problems that may lead to infidelity." A loud laugh erupted from her. "This one I've never heard! All right, I'm intrigued. Tell me how swinging can be an antidote to adultery." Lucius leaned in closer. "Think about it. When one or both partners are unsatisfied, for whatever reason, it's easy to stray. Then each party has to deal with repercussions and unnecessary melodrama such things typically involve. This," he gestured around them, "is a way for discreet fun for all and none of the drama. You come, you play, and then you go back to your lives. No one is lying or sneaking around; it happens under the same roof. The problem with our modern society is that we have unrealistic expectations in a marriage. Everyone expects their partner to be all things to them, but that's impossible. If people are romantically involved for years, things will get stale, tastes will change. None of those reasons are good enough to break up a family and a suitable marriage. So what does one do? Stay unhappy, commit adultery, or find a mutually beneficial solution for all? "This is what Velvet Serpent provides. Everyone can come and play, then go home. No need for couple's counseling, or trying out useless sex manuals. You get the rush of being with a new partner without any complications or consequences that come from infidelity. At the end of the night, everyone goes back to their lives all the happier for it." Hermione absorbed his explanation, still uncomfortable with the whole aspect. "So what happens here, stays here?" "Exactly. You keep it inside; nothing and no one from here follows you home. All play happens under this roof. With adultery, no one can give you such guarantee," he said. She wrinkled her nose. "But I still can't get over the whole sex with other people aspect. I'm good enough to be married to and have a child with, but I'm not enough in bed? It's insulting." "That's because you're taking it personally. Your husband doesn't suddenly see you as less than before. But we all have certain needs. This