Fire and Ash A/N I have changed Katniss and Peeta's Age by one year making them both 17 by the 74 th Games and Prim's age is reduced by one year making her 12 by the 74 th games, also I do not own the songs they are owned by their respected owners and companies. The 69 th Hunger Games are vastly approaching and in District Twelve life is about to get tougher for the Everdeen family as Ash Everdeen an average eighteen year old boy from the Seam faces his last ever reaping, Will he make it through the turbulent times ahead. As a brave girl once said "Fire is catching" and for Ash he will walk into the smoke and come out completely changed. Capitol "So this is your first year as Head Gamemaker, do you feel nervous about living up to the expectations from your predecessors?" Caesar Flickerman asks with dyed hair and make-up on his face as he looks across at the seat where Octavian Bleake in a chequered rainbow coloured suit with his neatly trimmed beard and comb over hairstyle is sitting back relaxed basking in the attention from the live-audience and from the rest of Panem which is now focussed solely towards him. "I believe that this year we will see the tributes face adversity with many unique elements being added to this year's games, to answer your question I don't feel nervous as I have waited for this moment my entire life and now that I am here I plan to give you a games that no one has ever seen" Octavian finishes waving at the audience and bowing at the screaming fans waiting for Caesar to excuse him so he can exit to go to another capitol show to give pretty much the exact same answer. "There you have it folks! Please show our appreciation for our new Head Gamemaker, Octavian Bleake!" Caesar shouts out to the audience whilst bursting into his traditional laugh. He quickly recovers and shakes Octavian's hand before letting the Head Gamemaker off the stage. "What did you think of that ladies and gentlemen? This year's Hunger Games seem to be looking bound for extraordinary scenes. All that's left are for the tributes to be reaped and the arena to be finished and we will begin the 69th Annual Hunger Games!" Caesar finishes with another loud laugh which sets off the rest of the audience in to a fit of applause and screaming. District Twelve: - Ash Everdeen Today was possibly the worst day of any kid from the Seam in district twelve, even more so for the older kids. Despite this being my last eligible year my name was in the reaping bowl more times than I'd like, 42 times. The odds were not in my favour as our illustrious district escort Effie Trinket would say. It was currently early morning and I was sleeping on what remained of our rather seasoned couch in the living room/dining room/kitchen of our home when I heard my little sister Katniss scream in her shared bedroom with my smallest sister Prim who was currently out like a light bulb in our district. I abandoned the couch, quickly stretched my aching limbs and went to my sisters joined bedroom. I saw Katniss sitting up with a look of pure horror and sweat matting her hair and forehead, I quickly went over to her and wrapped my arms around her as she rested her head into the crook of my neck; Silently stroking her head until she spoke to me. "It was me, I was reaped" she said sobbing a little whilst trying to remain what little composure she had left after being woken up from an experience no child or adult should ever have to encounter. "I know Kitty-Kat but it isn't and won't be you, your name is in there once out of thousands. Besides whose going to look after little Prim if it's you? No my little rascal it won't be. You will be fine" I say jokingly whilst rubbing her back gently successfully calming down my sister. "Can you sing to me like pa did, Ash?" Katniss asked giving me the wounded puppy dog eyes, I sighed internally. This little girl had me wrapped around her finger and she knew it. "Sure thing Kat but you must get back to bed" I said whilst tucking her back in to her bed. Thinking about a song that wouldn't remind her of our father, he died earlier this year in a mine accident along with the Hawthorne's who live a few doors down. Life is hard in twelve between mining accidents and the devastating hunger in harsh winters evens our population at around 10,000 a very small amount compared to others so we are told in school. District eleven is supposedly around thirteen times bigger than ours. " I remember tears streaming down your face When I said, I'll never let you go When all those shadows almost killed your light I remember you said, don't leave me here alone But all that's dead and gone and passed tonight Just close your eyes The sun is going down You'll be alright No one can hurt you now Come morning light You and I'll be safe and sound Don't you dare look out your window Darling, everything's on fire The war outside our door keeps raging on Hold onto this lullaby Even when the music's gone Gone Just close your eyes The sun is going down You'll be alright No one can hurt you now Come morning light You and I'll be safe and sound Just close your eyes You'll be alright Come morning light, You and I'll be safe and sound..." I finish the song to see that Katniss is successfully asleep; I close my eyes and wipe the tears away from them. That song always makes me cry as that was the song that Pa would sing to mom and then to me when I would get scared or nervous especially when the reapings were fast approaching I would find the necessary courage to keep going and to look strong after the song for my family. I look outside the window briefly seeing the sun on the horizon which means that I should probably prepare to go and get some early morning hunting done so I can make sure that mom, Katniss and Prim all have something to eat if I don't make it back from the reaping and am sent to the Capitol to be slaughtered for their amusement, I sigh to myself when will the barbarism end? When Snow dies? When the Districts rebel again? No there's too much at stake for another uprising and we couldn't fight and expect to win without losing the land that we live on. I leave my pondering and move to the table grabbing Pa's old hunting jacket finding it fits perfectly around my six foot two build and quickly move out of the house towards the meadow on the edge of the Seam, which is surrounded by an electrified fence which is rarely on as power is a rare commodity in our district and is only supplied to our district when the Hunger Games are being broadcasted. I have atleast until 10am until the power is restored to the fence. I move out of the meadow to the weak spot in the fence and I crawl through it just snagging the wire, I push the loose part of the fence so I won't catch it on the way back. Especially if I have game with me, I move into the woods that expand and surround twelve and onto the lightly trodden path that leads towards the secretly stashed weapons that Pa made. I look up and into the trees admiring the beauty of nature, this serenity allows me to connect with myself and feel at peace. Also allowing me to connect with my inner hunter and move to the hollowed out log to retrieve my hunting spear and my bow which is alongside my Pa's, looking at the bow brings back the memories of us out in these very woods hunting. Shaking the thoughts away I move onto the tree across the small clearing to get the arrows from inside the tree. I move through the trees breathing in the unpolluted air which is a stark contrast to the gloomy dust filled air of the Seam, people say that if someone were to create a big enough spark that all of the district would go up in flames. Its rubbish but it scares the kids not to play with fire and in a community where all of the houses are made of wood it's a good thing that kids aren't given an incentive to try, not that any of the children from the Seam could actually get hold of matches... they were too valuable. I looked at the surrounding area and looked at the forest floor and saw tracks and took off in that direction carefully placing my steps so I would make as little noise as possible, I flew through this part of the forest knowing that in here I was free and I was the predator searching for its prey. The only types of animal that I considered to be a threat were bears as I had been attacked by one once when I was younger, they were powerful animals and also lightning fast as I learnt the hard way and was rewarded with claw marks on my back. Luckily I had found this old spear on the ground which I had picked up and miraculously speared the creature through its heart killing it instantly, my father had come bursting into the clearing and gripped me so tightly I thought I would be crushed. The bear had fed us for a few weeks and we even made a bedcover with its thick fur which was placed over Katniss and Prim at this point in time reminding me that I would have to protect them. I stopped when I couldn't see the tracks as they had gone almost as if the animal had leapt over the thick bush atleast 6 feet in front of me which kept me hidden from what was behind it. This was a good sign; the only animal that could leap such a height in a sprint would be a deer. If worse comes to worst then atleast I could get enough money for my family not to need to take tesserae. I peered around a tree just to the side of the bush and saw a deer grazing with its side shown to me, I could easily hit a vital organ and kill it. I grabbed my bow from my back and slowly drew an arrow from the quiver, placed it in the correct position and drew back slowly making sure to even out my breathing and slowly stop. I aimed for the deer's neck and then it looked up as if startled by a distant noise; I hid for a few seconds making sure to keep an eye on the animal. It slowly went back to eating as if cautiously waiting for a threat to immerge from the trees, carefully I placed my bow against the side of the tree and took aim so I was sure the arrow wouldn't miss not that I have for a long time. Before any other interruptions could scare the deer into bolting, I let the arrow fly and before the deer had time to react it was far too late the arrow had pierced the neck of the deer cutting the main artery into the head of the deer. I now made my way towards the deer to quickly claim the kill before another animal came and took away my hard work, the way of the world out here is far different than that of Panem.