I just finished BOO! I read Percy Jackson and the Olympians when I was in 6th grade, and a month ago I came back to America and found out he released a spin-off! I was so surprised when Nico admitted he was gay, but happy because I love seeing LGBTQA+ represented in things like this, especially something that was so close to my childhood. I was happy because, I am a gay girl, and it made me feel more accepted. Enjoy guys! These chapters will release daily or semi-daily if I get backed up. I am a college student after all. Close this book right now, Reader. Because I'm not going to live up to your expectations. Let's be real. I inherited cabin seven out of sheer seniority. My oldest brother, Aaron, left Camp Half-Blood, and marched his demigod ass straight to Camp Jupiter, and enrolled in 'University of Olympus' as did many other of our older campers. All leaving to pursue their dream of having a sense of normalcy that they might find in a college student life. "Take care of things around here, Will." He had said."I'm leaving her to you." He patted the large cabin, like she was an old friend, and he was forced to leave her behind. The funny thing was, the cabin wasn't a friend, and nobody was forcing him to leave. If you are sensing a bit of hostility in my voice regarding my brother leaving than you have keen senses, friend. I huffed at my brothers 'wise' words and crossed my arms. I didn't want him to leave, but I certainly didn't want his hand me down counselor position. Looking out over the water towards Poseidon's cabin, thinking briefly of how easy Percy had it by not having to look after 12+ siblings or make sure everybody was in their bunks by lights out, and all the kids were up for breakfast. It was a hard job, being the oldest. "Sarah, pick up those playing cards. Noah, make your bed, Jean, stop pounding on the bathroom door!" I yelled to all my siblings. Trying to navigate my way through the morning routine. I had been Head counselor for two weeks now, and mornings still haven't gotten any easier. Jean turned to me in frustration, her towel slung over her shoulder, and her long blonde hair held up in a loose bun with her shower headband. "Quinn won't get out of the shower! She has already used up all her time!" Jean argued. "Quinn get out of the shower!" I yelled, hitting the door with my fist. "Jean is lying! I've only been in here for five minutes!" Quinn's voice came through the oak door. I groaned and ran my hands through my hair in frustration. "If you two can't work out your shower problems, I'm taking it away from both of you!" Jean gasped in front of me. "For a week!" I emphasized. Jean grumbled and went to her bunk to retrieve clean clothes. "Five minutes everybody!" I shouted and took the time to walk to my bed trunk, and fish out a clean pair of khaki shorts, and an orange t-shirt that sported my camp logo. One of the few privileges that came with being cabin counselor was that you got a sweet ass bed. Most of the beds in our cabin were small, twin sized beds that stacked upon one another to save space. However, the head counselor got the only queen sized bed in the cabin, along with their own closet, and bed trunk. No sharing required. Once I was fresh clothes, I walked toward the front door. My thirteen younger siblings were lined up in a hardly legible line in front of the door, and the entry way was a mess with loud voices, complaints of hunger, and laughter at terrible jokes. "Single file line, guys. Let's do this." I said taking my place at the beginning of the line, and leading my siblings out the door, across the green, and toward the pavilion for breakfast. While I was catching my breath, and realigning my sanity from the morning antics I watched Nico di Angelo throw his cabin door open and stumble out onto the porch. His younger sister wasn't with him, and he took his time stretching from his clearly uninterrupted sleep before hopping off the porch and began walking across the green. I scowled Another fine example of a camp member without responsibility. I amused myself for the rest of the walk by imagining a camper like Percy, or Nico handling an entire cabin full of kids, all hungry, all hormonal, and never attentive. When we arrived at the Pavilion I sat my siblings down at the table, pulled myself out of counselor mode and tucked into my meal. My siblings voices filled my ears, and a few of the younger ones insisted that I cut up their food for them. I obliged, and glanced across the pavilion and noticed Nico had arrived, and took his seat at the Hades table. He had no brothers or sisters, besides Hazel, and usually sat alone. Most days I envied him for his constant peace and quiet, but today I watched him as he grabbed a plate from the front and made his way to his chair. For a second, he glanced up and looked around him. Watching all the kids interact with their siblings, and friends and he looked sad. Like it was something he will never have, and can never obtain. Eventually, his eyes glanced away from my line of site, and he took his seat. Soon the pavilion filled up with the usual crowd of cheery half-blood kids, and their cabins. Each grabbing a solid gold plate from the front, and taking their respective seats, but not before stopping and giving a portion of their meal to their parents. The fire engulfed whatever sacrifice it was given. Be it half of a kids meal, or a spoonful of oatmeal and an apple slice. "Will." My younger brother, but only by a month or two, elbowed my side gently. I glanced at him in question. "Will, look at the sun." He said in a low voice, almost like he didn't want to alert any of the other campers. I followed his line of sight and glanced into the clear blue sky. Few clouds polluted the skies. The sun shone bright and bold at the top of the sky. It's blue rays stretched the vast expanse of camp, and it's brightness would be offensive to anybody other than a child of apollo. "What about it?" I asked, shoving a spoonful of oatmeal into my mouth and chewing thoughtfully. My brother glanced at me as though I had grown a second head. "Will! It's eight in the morning." He said as if it was obvious. It struck me as weird that the sun was perched so high in the sky when dawn was only two hours ago. "You're right... What in Hades..." I muttered. Before I could ponder the situation any further Chiron took his position at the front of the pavilion and began the morning announcements. As one of the Head counselors, I wanted to stand, and ask if he had noticed the odd raising and setting patterns of the sun. But as I thought it over, I realized this is Chiron we are talking about. He was probably the first to notice before even the children of Apollo. After breakfast, I was informally released from my Head counselor duties. The more warrior prone kids went on to their swords and spear classes, and I made my way to the infirmary. I had inherited the title of 'Head Physician' after Aaron had left. Which meant that I usually ran the morning infirmary shift alone now. It was about a ten minute walk from the open aired tent-like building from the pavilion, but it was the first time that morning that I wasn't followed or bugged by a bunch of kids that shared my hair and eye color. I walked up the wooden steps, and into the infirmary. It was still early, and it would be about an hour before kids began stumbling in from spear accidents, and falls from the lava wall. I whistled a tone as I pulled my white doctors coat off from the hook by my desk, and pulled it over my shoulders. I wrapped my stethoscope around my neck. It was a gift from my father, and had a lot of useful applications. However, since I wasn't a big 'quest camper' it mostly served as a really powerful way to take kids heart rates. I picked up the medical reports that Kayla, my assistant, had left on my desk last night when she had agreed to start working the night shift. I was about halfway through leafing through the report when somebody cleared their throat, and I looked up in shock. Nico Di Angelo stood in the middle of the infirmary. One arm wrapped around the other, and partially hidden in the shadows. "Woah." I said, feeling my cheeks heat up in embarrassment from not realizing I wasn't alone. "I didn't see you there." Nico nodded. "What can I do for you?" I asked, motioning for the boy to sit down. I pulled up a swivel chair, and sat in front of him. Pulling out a blank medical form, and clasping it onto my clipboard. "Chiron sent me,". Nico said, awkwardly sitting on the bed behind him. "He said all campers need a basic check-up before they can partake in camp activities." I nodded. I can't believe I forgot about that also. Had I remembered, I would have pulled Nico aside myself and reminded him to come into the infirmary soon. I discarded the medical report that was clipped onto my board and pulled out a standard medical history report. One that each camper had. "So we are just going to do some regular check up things, and I'll ask you some questions regarding your medical history. Some of them can be pretty invasive. I'd ask if you are okay with that, but you don't have much of a choice unless you want to sit on the bench during 'Capture the Flag'." Nico scowled slightly at me, as if he wanted to scare me from further antagonizing him. It didn't work. I pulled my stethoscope off from around my neck, and wheeled my chair around gracefully around Nico's bed, so I was facing his back. "Take the shirt off." I said, putting the correct ends of my stethoscope into their respective ears. "What? No!" Nico protested. I rolled my eyes. "What do you think you have under their Di Angelo? Tentacles? Even if you did, I've seen worse. Now come on. Off with it." Nico grumbled before grasping the hem of his shirt, and pulling it over his head. The neck hole briefly caught on his hair, and pulled it straight upwards. Leaving him with an adorable bed head look. I almost chuckled, but I'm a professional. Professionals don't chuckle at goth boy bed head. I pressed the scope to the small of Nico's back, and requested he take a deep breath in, and out. After a few breaths I scribbled down 70 BPM onto his heart rate box. After a few more standards tests of checking blood pressure, temperature, BMI rating, flexibility, and a blood test I asked him when his last immunizations are. Nico grimaced for a second, and began counting on both his hands. "About 65 years ago." Nico said with an edge of finality in my voice. I laughed dryly, and without humor. "Funny." I mumbled pulling out a few pre packaged syringes, and a couple medical bottles out of the glass cabinet behind me. I expected Nico to laugh at his own stupid joke, but he simply shrugged. I quickly updated his shots, and turned the page on his