"Though this might just be the ending of the life I held so dear, I won't run; there's no turning back from here." -Within Temptation, 'Stand My Ground' When the cannon struck again, I jumped, and Rue, who was sound asleep and snuggled next to me, stirred a little. I watched the sky and wondered who it was. Earlier in the day four tributes went down. One died in the explosion I caused, as he was coming back to see what the trouble was. Then when the rest came back, the guard who survived had his neck broken. Among the Careers there's apparently no patience for error. I didn't know what happened to the other two. For some reason it troubled me that I didn't know; there was a compulsive urge to find out what took them, just so I could document it in case I need to avoid whatever mistake they made. But I couldn't think about that, because of the girl at my side. I needed to decide what to do about her, and soon. There were only five tributes left, and only one victor. There can only be one victor. I didn't want to think about that, but sooner or later it will come down to a breach. Alliances are only temporary. Haymitch may have perpetually soused, but my mentor was right in that at least. He kept drilling it into me that an alliance can only last for so long. I wished I'd listened to him now. When Rue had appeared out of the treetops, giving me the hint of what I needed to do to get rid of the four tributes who had treed me after a forest, I'd been impressed, and glad. At that point I'd been running around the arena for almost three days. When you spend three days alone knowing that anyone you encounter may kill you, it makes you horribly lonely. Wary and nervous, yes, but the loneliness of being constantly hunted is almost worse. In normal times, in normal places, you can count on people to help you, support you. Here, in the arena, when you see someone, you have to run. And so when I saw someone who was trying to help, I accepted it. I was so glad to have someone beside me, someone human who could help remind me that the world was more than children killing each other, that I never thought about the rules of the world I was in right now. Here in the arena, children do kill each other. They have to. Easing Rue away from me, I sat upright and stared at the trees. If she woke and asked me what I'm doing, I was keeping watch, I decided. And my decision on that lie made what I was actually doing all the worse, since I was trying to decide if I should kill her. On the one hand, I had to get home. I was the only one who brought food home consistently enough to keep us alive. I knew the black market, I knew who bought, and I knew what rules the Peacekeepers would bend and which ones they would enforce. My younger sister, the one for whom I stepped into this place, didn't know how to hunt. I didn't want her to have to know. I didn't want her to have to feel like the only way she could leave was by hiding and running. I was hoping, back home, that she might have a chance at something better. I was hoping that once I got past Reaping age, I would be able to give my family something better and stronger. If I go back home now, I'll be able to give them so much. The Victor's spoils are enough to keep my family in good living for as long they're alive. But then I thought about getting rid of Rue. I think about raising my bow, aiming down the shaft of an arrow, looking into her large eyes and gentle face that reminds me so much of my younger sister, and shooting to kill. The thought makes my stomach turn. Perhaps I could leave. If I slipped off quietly, she would know that I'd ended our alliance. It might be better to do that; sneak off in the night like a thief. After all, I'd finally paid off my debt to her. She saved me from the tracker-jacker stings, when I was going half-mad from the venom, and earlier today I had saved her life when she was caught in a net that the Careers had rigged near their supplies. One of the Careers, a powerfully built boy who obviously expected to go home a winner, had come up to the net with his spear. He should have known an arrow is faster than a spear. Wincing, I shut my eyes at the memory. I received credit for the death of Glimmer, another Career, after I crashed the tracker jacker nest. But I was hallucinating by that point, and don't even recall the incident clearly. I wasn't even thinking about killing any of them; I'd just wanted to escape the trap I was caught in. That boy earlier today was different. He was the first death I'd wrought with full intention of killing. I'd set my sights, aimed, and shot to kill. I didn't regret it, but the image wouldn't go away. I didn't remember falling asleep, but at least the picture of the boy collapsing didn't follow me into my dreams. When I opened my eyes, the sky was unnaturally bright and clear. Rue was awake and watching me. She was munching the remnants of some of the game I had caught the previous day, and I found myself wondering if she was thinking of how fragile our alliance was. Perhaps she was going to wait for the right moment to stab me in the back. In a perverse way, I almost wished she would do just that. It would be easier, take the decision out of my hands. Though that would be a pathetic end for the tribute who had been dubbed "The Girl on Fire," I found myself liking that possibility more and more. I wouldn't have to blame myself. I wouldn't have to live with myself after all this had ended. As we crept through the woods, I kept trying to find a way to break the silence. I had to let her know that we would have to split, that this partnership simply could not last. Every time I opened my mouth, the words stuck in my throat. If I split from her now, I was leaving her to the Careers. It would be good as killing her, and it would be a cowardly thing to do. It might also be the only way to avoid killing her myself. The sharp crack of a stick caught my ear, and I spun around, nocking an arrow. Rue had frozen for a split second and then slipped behind a nearby tree trunk. I turned slowly, waiting. A flash of movement in the corner of my left eye came accompanied by the clumsy cracking of underbrush. Whoever was following us must have come upon us suddenly; there was no way someone so clumsy could be much of a tracker. The sound was within a few feet of me, and almost behind me. I dropped to my knees, caught a glimpse of a heavy hooked scythe raised high, took aim and loosed the arrow. The attacker dropped without a sound, and the cannon announcing tribute deaths boomed. Rue stared with wide eyes, and then gasped. "Oh, Katniss." I moved forward, slowly. When I saw the tousled blond hair and staring blue eyes, I felt as though I'd been punched in the stomach. I'd just shot down Peeta. Peeta was from my home district, but had joined up with the Careers very early on in the Games. That had stung a bit, since part of his act in the Capitol had been that he had had a crush on me, had been in love with me. I had been of two minds about whether or not that crush was genuine, but I guessed I would never know now. I looked at the weapon in his hand. Had he been attacking us? On the run? I nocked another arrow and looked around. Rue was still staring, and I knew she was afraid, and confused. She had seen the interviews, heard the angle of "star-crossed lovers," and I think she had wanted to believe it, just a little. She was young enough to hope that there could be love in a place where killing was the only rule. Since no one else emerged from the woods, I slowly lowered the bow and arrow. I could only assume that Peeta had been trying to attack us, since there was clearly no one on his trail. I wondered what had prompted that. Desperation, maybe, the wild notion that he could take me down quickly in one stroke, and thus save himself later pain. I didn't blame him, if that had been his train of thought. I couldn't blame myself too much either. If his stroke had landed, Rue would have been left alone. Even as I thought that, I felt ill all over again. Every kill I'd made had been made with Rue at my side, and thought this latest one had been from instinct, and would probably haunt me later, I knew that I was killing with at least the subconscious idea of keeping Rue safe. Then the sky darkened. I shivered, and Rue drew closer to me, her small hands trembling. "Katniss," she said slowly. "Katniss, listen." I did. There were faint cracking sounds in the underbrush some hundred or so yards away. Immediately my arrow was back on my bow. I scanned the trees, my heart pounding like it wanted to explode out of my chest. It was the aftershock of killing someone I knew, I supposed, but I could not let it touch me now. For now I had to deal with the threat that was approaching. A growl seemed to fly out of the shadows, followed by an animal like nothing I'd ever seen. It was like an enormous deformed dog, with huge heavy shoulders and a low-slung head, short stubby legs, and vicious tiny eyes. It was as though the creature had come out of the ground. I waited until it was running at me, so swiftly that it could not possibly change course, then fired. The arrow went straight through the eye, and the creature fell, landing in a huge nightlock bush that stood some feet between me and the mutt. I stared at it. Since I knew almost every form of predatory wildlife from the woods back home and this didn't fit any natural animal, I knew this had to be some sort of Capitol creation. Turning back to Rue, I heard another snarl, this time some distance away in the trees to my right. "Katniss, we have to go!" Rue's eyes were wide. "Come on, we need to get into the trees and climb!" My first thought had been to go back to the Cornucopia, which we had skirted only a few minutes ago, but Rue was most likely right. A scream came from the Cornucopia, and somewhere in the distance, I could hear more cries. Rue and I sprinted into the woods. She glanced around wildly and then began to shinny up a tree almost as quickly as a cat, her dark eyes darting from branch to branch. "Over there!" she hissed. "See, that split tree by that huge knobbly one! You can climb that!" There was a large oak that forked in the middle and leaned sharply to one side. I would have to brace myself between the trunks to get to the point where I could grab the nearest branch,