Title: Love of my Life. Author: Morgana. Main pairings; Elrond/Lindir, Erestor/Glorfindel and Elladan/Orophin. 'Side' pairings; Glorfindel/OMC (Magolion) Elrohir/Magolion, Haldir/Legolas, Rumil/Mithrandir and Thranduil/surprise. Rating: NC-17. Summary: Like most couples who are together for some time, Glorfindel and Erestor are facing some commitment issues, which are made worse by miscommunication and the arrival of Erestor's not so nice brother Magolion. Problems follow. Taking a break from the relationship (and not by his choice) Erestor decides to visit Lothlorien to find some peace of mind there. Elladan accompanies him. But during their stay in Lothlorien disaster strikes; Erestor and Orophin are taken prisoner by Orcs. Glorfindel realizes the huge mistake he made in letting Erestor go. But can he still turn the tide and rescue his beloved from his terrible fate? A fellowship eg is formed and they are sent to rescue the poor chief advisor. Disclaimer: Not mine, Tolkien's. Hum, I guess Magolion is mine… And so is Remmen… Warning: mpreg, angst, graphic violence in later chapters, AU. I failed to get the times lines correct. The story wouldn't work otherwise. Author's Note: Beta read by Sulien. All remaining mistakes are mine. FB is always welcome, but flames get send to Sauron! Love of My Life Love of my life you've hurt me You've broken my heart and now you leave me Love of my life can't you see Bring it back, bring it back Don't take it away from me Because you don't know What it means to me Love of my Life, don't leave me You've taken my love, you now desert me Love of my Life, can't you see Bring it back, bring it back Don't take it away from me Because you don't know What it means to me You will remember When this is blown over And everything's all by the way When I grow older I will be there at your side to remind you How I still love you, I still love you Back, hurry back Please bring back home to me Because you don't know What it means to me. Love of my Live Lyrics by Queen. Part 1 Erestor walked among the tall and ancient trees, which set this part of the forest apart from Elrond's private gardens. He had come here to find some peace of mind, as he needed to sort out his thoughts. His relationship with Glorfindel could be called strained at best, and he could think of no reason for the rift between them or what he may have done to cause it. Placing the palms of his hands against a friendly oak tree, he leaned in closer, until his brow also rested against the tree's trunk. Soothing energy seeped into his hands, traveling down his arms until it finally warmed and cocooned his entire body. "Thank you for this gift," he whispered softly, grateful for the tree's selfless act. It could probably feel his loneliness and melancholy. His long, dark hair tumbled forward, shielding his features, and hiding the first tears that were building in his eyes. Why were Glorfindel and he drifting apart? What had he done wrong? The air's consistency changed, alerting him that someone was approaching. He released a deep sigh; he had hoped to find some peace here, but his restless mind was unable to unwind. "Erestor? My friend?" Lindir approached slowly, giving Erestor a chance to grow aware of his presence. "Why are you here all by yourself?" Erestor had always hated solitude and would always prefer having company to walking the woods by himself. "Is something wrong?" He came to a standstill behind Erestor and rested one hand on the dark-haired Elf's shoulder, squeezing it reassuringly. "I hope that you know that you can always talk to me." He also felt the tree's gift, the tranquil energy that now coursed through Erestor. Erestor composed himself, determinedly wiping away his tears and brushing wayward strands of hair back behind his ears. After drawing in a deep breath, he turned around to face his friend. "Lindir." Erestor's tone revealed much to Lindir, who promptly reacted by burying his friend in a tight hug. Rubbing Erestor's back, Lindir said, "Talk to me." Maintaining his hold on Erestor, he guided the raven-haired advisor over to a bench, where they sat down. "What is causing you such distress?" Erestor's swimming eyes made him swallow hard. Making an educated guess he said, "Is it Glorfindel?" Erestor whimpered softly. "You told me not to become his lover, but I ignored your advice." Lindir and he had quickly become friends when they had first met in Lindon, preparing to accompany Elrond to Imladris. The minstrel and advisor had found they enjoyed each other's company and the trust between them had deepened these last few millennia to the point where they confided unconditionally in each other. He had never achieved such trust with Glorfindel. "I should have listened to you back then." Lindir sighed deeply and used one hand to cup Erestor's chin, forcing him to look at him. "Tell me what is wrong." "Glorfindel and I have been lovers for a thousand years now, but…" Erestor briefly closed his eyes as his heart twitched with pain. "I think 'tis over between us. He no longer desires me in that way." "What makes you think that?" Lindir tried to listen, instead of offering instant advice. When Erestor had first come to him with the news that Glorfindel wanted him as his lover a millennia ago, he had advised against accepting that offer, but Erestor hadn't listened. Erestor had been in love – utterly and passionately in love – and the advisor had instantly accepted. Lindir however, had had doubts. He had been afraid that Glorfindel, a warrior who delighted in making conquests, would quickly tire of his lover and it seemed he had been right. For what was a thousand years to an immortal Elf? "What did he do this time? Or what did he fail to do?" Erestor raised swimming eyes and met Lindir's knowing stare. "He won't touch me any more. When we go to sleep at night, he turns away from me." "Ai," whispered Lindir, realizing how hurt Erestor really felt. "And this has been going on for how long?" "A few months." Erestor leaned back against Lindir, enjoying the close contact. "He is either away patrolling the borders or training with his guards. There are nights when he doesn't come to bed at all and I wake up alone in the morning. His tone toward me is always civil, but clearly lacks affection and enthusiasm. He has tired of me. You were right." "I never wanted to be right," mumbled Lindir, "I wanted the two of you to be happy." Still rubbing Erestor's back, he realized how heavily the advisor was leaning against him and he instinctively tightened his hold. "I should have known something was amiss when he did not want to officially marry me. The one time I mentioned binding ourselves, he pretended he hadn't heard," said Erestor in a saddened tone. "What did I do wrong? I don't understand. I always tried so hard to please him." "Maybe you tried too hard and lost part of yourself?" suggested Lindir carefully. "I saw you change throughout the years. You changed your ways to fit in with his." "That is how a relationship works," said Erestor, frowning. "'Tis about giving and taking." "But maybe you gave too much and took too little?" Lindir had mentioned this to Erestor before, but back then the other Elf had denied it. "You live for him. You try to read his every wish from his eyes. And yet you seldom ask – or get – something in return. Glorfindel is a warrior. He thinks and acts in ways different from ours. When you are fighting a battle you don't have the time to consider consequences, advantages, or opponents. A warrior acts first and thinks later. With us it is the other way around. We think too much." Erestor pondered Lindir's words, realizing there was some truth to them. Glorfindel and he were opposites in many ways and for them to remain a couple he had changed many of his ways. "Do you think that makes me less attractive in his eyes?" After all, he was no longer the same person Glorfindel had fallen in love with. "I don't know about that," said Lindir thoughtfully. "But you giving in so easily can have something to do with this loss of romance between the two of you." "His patrol should arrive before midnight; maybe I can talk to him then?" Erestor sought out Lindir's eyes. "Maybe we can still work this out?" "I hope so," said Lindir honestly. He didn't want to think of what would happen if the two Elves couldn't work out their problems. Erestor was a kind and gentle soul and deserved someone who loved him. It would pain Lindir to see his friend alone again, for he knew that Erestor loved Glorfindel from the bottom of his heart. "Take small steps, Erestor, or you might chase him away." Erestor nodded once and then rested his head against Lindir's shoulder. "And how about your beloved, my friend?" Lindir nervously cleared his throat and blushed. After three millennia, he still managed to blush every time Erestor addressed this matter. "He is busy, as he always is. I relish the rare evenings when he calls for me to sing for him." "I still think you should probe Elrond's feelings. Celebrian sailed for Valinor many centuries ago and you know how lonely he is. He might not let it show, but he is. The mere fact that he seeks out company – be it mine or yours – should tell you he doesn't want to be alone." "Erestor, we discussed this before. Elrond is far beyond my reach. I am a mere minstrel and he is the Lord of Imladris." Lindir had resigned himself to loving Elrond from a distance many millennia ago. When he had first met Elrond in Lindon, it had been love at first sight - for him. But Elrond had chosen Celebrian as his mate and she had given him three beautiful children, whom Lindir loved as if they were his own. "I have learned to find my happiness in the evenings when we sit together and I sing for him, whilst he plays the harp. That is all I can ever hope for. And don't you dare tell him!" "I promised to keep quiet," Erestor reminded Lindir, "And I always keep my word." Their gazes locked and both read the longing and loneliness in the other's eyes. "Wish we had fallen for each other. That would have made things much easier." But there had never been any passion between them, just a deep sense of trust and belonging. They were as close as brothers. "Erestor, you still have a chance to find out what is troubling Glorfindel and to work out your problems. Talk to him; make him open up." Erestor nodded, realizing he had more than Lindir would ever have; a lover… /Do I still have one? Or did I already lose him?/ Erestor couldn't sleep. For hours he had tossed and turned in bed and he was now wondering if Glorfindel would join him at all. He had seen today's patrol return hours ago and he had hurried back to their rooms to wait for Glorfindel so he could properly welcome him home. But Glorfindel had apparently remained with his men, preferring their company to his. /What am I doing wrong?/ Pulling the blanket up to his shoulders, he pulled his knees toward his chest and wrapped his arms around them. His eyes – filled with immense sorrow – fastened on the full moon, whose silver rays illuminated their rooms. Well, strictly speaking these were Glorfindel's rooms. He had moved into them when they had become a couple and he had quickly felt at home