Title: The Haunting Author: Morgana Author's Email: morganalebeau Web page: .nl/avalon Pairings: Elrond/Celebrían and Glorfindel/Erestor Rating: G Summary: The twins accidentally set fire to Glorfindel's rooms and Glorfindel has to temporarily take up residence in another suite, which has a dreadful history. Disclaimer: Not mine. These characters belong to Professor Tolkien. No copyright infringement is intended. I'm not making any money out of these stories! Warning: AU of course. Beta read by Patricia and DA, thanks sweeties! All remaining mistakes are mine. The Haunting "It was an accident, Ada. Really, we did not do it on purpose!" Elladan clung to his brother and big, fat tears dripped from his lashes. It wasn't fear that had reduced the Elfling to this pitiful state, but guilt. "We did not think anything bad could happen!" Elrohir nodded his head in a way that resembled Elrond's way of nodding – solemn and thoughtful. His eyes were dry and he gazed at their father with more confidence. He knew that Elrond wouldn't discipline them for making a mistake. They hadn't started the fire on purpose. Elrond sighed deeply and sat on his heels in front of his offspring. Celebrían stood behind him and placed a hand on his shoulder to give him strength and patience. Dealing with their sons' antics was never easy. The Elflings always meant well, but sometimes things went wrong. And everything had gone horribly wrong this time. "Elladan, you *know* that you are not allowed to carry an oil lamp with you. They are dangerous and should stay on the table or window sill where the adults put them." Elrond raised his right hand, reached for Elladan, and gently wiped away the tears. It had been Elladan carrying the oil lamp and the Elfling felt guilty for accidentally dropping it. "What were you doing in Glorfindel's rooms at any rate?" Elladan tried to stop crying, but the tears continued to flow from his eyes. "We wanted to play. Glorfindel always makes our play exciting and we wanted to ask him to spend time with us. We did not know he was away on patrol." Elladan's gaze shifted from his father's face to Glorfindel's. The flaxen-haired Captain was searching for remnants of his personal belongings. Most of his possessions, including his wardrobe, had been burned to cinders. There was nothing left to salvage. "We are sorry, Ada," Elrohir said, speaking for his brother because Elladan felt too choked up to address Elrond again. "We know we made a terrible mistake. We are sorry, Glorfindel." Glorfindel momentarily stopped searching what remained of his personal belongings and raised his head to look at the twins. Although he was upset because everything had been burned to ashes, he couldn't find it in his heart to be cross with the Elflings. His features contorted with sympathy as he saw Elladan tremble. He covered the distance between them and, after Elrond stood, Glorfindel lowered himself onto one knee. Reaching out, he placed one hand on Elladan's head and stroked the dark hair. "You made a mistake and you learned your lesson, so now we will move on." Glorfindel hoped his words would calm Elladan, who was still sobbing softly, but they didn't, so he added, "When I was your age I made mistakes too. I did not cause a fire, but it also took me a while to understand that the adults told me 'no' for a reason. I always challenged them, insisting I was old enough to do things, but I was not. Elladan, we will fix my rooms, paint them, order new furniture, and the tailors will be busy making a new wardrobe for me. It is not that bad." Elrohir wrapped his arms around his twin and pulled him close. "Glorfindel is right. We are only six years old, Elladan. We can not do much on our own yet. We should listen to them." "But it was a mistake! An accident! I did not do it on purpose! It was dark in the corridor! That is why I took the oil lamp with us! I am scared in the dark," the Elfling blurted out, feeling quite embarrassed because he had to make that admission. "Even when you are there, I still feel scared, Elrohir, and you know it!" Elrohir instantly soothed his brother. "I know you are scared in the dark, but I will protect you." Elrond exchanged a look with his wife, who was smiling at their sons. He had intended to discipline his sons for burning down Glorfindel's rooms, but since Elladan continued to sob and Elrohir was hugging his twin so tightly, he couldn't punish them. Besides, they had learned their lesson. But one problem still remained. "You are homeless, Glorfindel," Elrond said in a thoughtful voice. Elladan, who had calmed during Glorfindel's speech, began to cry harder again. "I never wanted to set fire to your rooms!" Elrohir slowly rocked his brother in his embrace and rested his chin on Elladan's shoulder. "Do not worry. Ada will fix it." As far as Elrohir was concerned, Elrond would make everything right again. "You have a point," Glorfindel murmured as he pushed himself to his feet. He playfully ruffled Elladan's hair in the hope that the gesture would distract the Elfling. His heart ached as he saw Elladan weep and heard him choke on his sobs. "I have no place to live." Looking about, he frowned at seeing the devastation. Not even his books, scrolls, or drawings had escaped the fire. Nothing but ash remained. Celebrían carefully cleared her throat and by doing so, drew Elrond's and Glorfindel's attention. "One suite in the family wing is empty." Elrond grew pale and he slowly shook his head. "Surely you are not suggesting Glorfindel moves in *there*?" His wife was right: one suite was uninhabited and it was a spacious suite with a lovely view of the gardens and the waterfall. But those rooms came with a history and there was a reason why Elrond had not offered them to anyone before. They were haunted. But Glorfindel didn't know that. The Captain had joined them five years ago and had never heard of the tragic death that had occurred in that suite. Elrond frowned; maybe it would work, since Glorfindel didn't know about the rooms' ghastly history. Glorfindel would be unaffected and not bothered. It might work. Celebrían gave her husband an impatient look. She also knew about the curse that haunted the rooms, but the same thought had occurred to her – if one didn't know that the suite was haunted, one wouldn't be affected by it. Also, they were kept in a perfect state because the phenomena would worsen if the rooms were ignored by the household staff. There were fresh linens on the bed and the rooms were always ventilated. "It would only be for a few nights." They would start working on fixing Glorfindel's rooms the next day. Glorfindel was aware of the fact that Celebrían's idea didn't exactly thrill Elrond, but felt too dazed by what had happened to question the half-Elf's original reluctance to follow his wife's advise. "I do not mind where I sleep, Elrond, as long as the room has a bed." At that time, Glorfindel had no idea that those words would upend his life. Glorfindel gave Elrond a grateful look. "Thank you for allowing me to borrow some of your robes. It feels odd having none myself." Glorfindel wondered about the unease that radiated from his friend's gray eyes. Ever since they had entered the chosen rooms, Elrond had started to act jittery and it was clear that the half-Elf wanted out. "Is something wrong with these rooms?" Glorfindel took in his surroundings. The suite had three rooms plus a luxurious bathroom. There was a study, a bedroom, and a living area, and all were lavishly furnished. Tapestries hung from the walls and drawings brightened up the bedroom. The walls, bed linens, and rugs carried different shades of brown and green, which made him feel very much at home. So why was Elrond anxiously plotting his route over to the doorway? "Elrond?" Elrond felt trapped. He wanted out of the suite. The atmosphere in there was suffocating and he didn't know how much longer he could bear being in there. "Elrond? I asked you a question. Why are you so pale? And why are your hands shaking?" Glorfindel walked up to the half-Elf and gathered Elrond's hands in his. They were clammy, cold, and shook. "You look terrified." Elrond broke down. He couldn't lie to his friend and had to warn him. "Come, stay in the guest wing for the next few days. These rooms are not suited for you to live in." He pulled free of Glorfindel's hands, walked over to the bed, and collected the robes which he had lent to Glorfindel. "This suite is just fine. There is no reason for me to move into the guest wing. I like it here. I will stay." Elrond wrung his hands and seeing the half-Elf do so puzzled Glorfindel. "You want me to leave… Why? What is amiss with these rooms?" "Oh, I can not lie to you!" Elrond flung the robes back onto the bed and nervously looked about. He felt like he was being watched. "You should not stay in these rooms because they are haunted! Celebrían and I believed that you would not be affected because you do not know what happened in here, but I can not allow you to stay here." "Haunted? Did you really say haunted?" Glorfindel arched an eyebrow. "Elrond, there are no such things as ghosts!" There was nothing wrong with the rooms! "Oh, do not say that! *He* might hear you!" Elrond looked about again, feeling nervous. "Must we discuss this now? Can we not do this in the guest room after you settled down there?" "Nay, I do not intend to move out. These rooms are fine!" Glorfindel cocked his head, only just realizing what Elrond had said. "Who is *he*?" he asked curiously. "The Elf who once lived here...Erestor," Elrond whispered the name, afraid *he* might hear them and make his presence known. Glorfindel might not believe in ghosts, but there had been sightings and inexplicable occurrences which had frightened the household staff. Maids had been seen running out of the suite, pale and shaking from fear. "Erestor? I never heard that name before." Glorfindel grew curious and seated himself on the bed. The mattress, filled with feathers, was soft and he knew he would sleep well on it. He loved soft mattresses. "He died a few years ago." Elrond continued to scan the bed room. Glorfindel patted the space next to him, but Elrond shook his head. "I do not wish to stay." "That is a pity, for I intend to stay. And I will not let you leave before you have told me the rest of the tale." Glorfindel was determined to stay at least one night in the haunted rooms. "What was Erestor like? How did he die? How come he haunts these rooms?" Elrond swallowed hard. "I sense his presence." Elrond normally wasn't easily intimidated, but he felt cornered at the moment. "Come now, Elrond. Sit down and tell me this tale. I promise to protect you from Erestor's ghost." Glorfindel's voice was a mix of both teasing and genuine warmth. Elrond gave in and cautiously sat on the edge of the bed. "We should not be here. He does not like it when strangers invade his privacy." "You are speaking of Erestor?" Glorfindel opened his mind and let his senses go, but couldn't pick up on anything foul in the room. "Aye, I speak of Erestor." Elrond realized that Glorfindel would insist on being told the entire tale and he resigned himself to telling it. "Erestor was my best friend, Glorfindel, a comrade in arms and my confidante. We met during the Battle of the Last Alliance.