A/N: This story is only for Mature adults. It contains disturbing language and imagery. Please read with caution. 5:30 AM Wake up 6:00 AM Running and exercise 7:00 AM Shower and get dressed 7:30 AM` Eat breakfast and Misc. 8:30 AM Arrive at office 12:00 PM Lunch 12:30 PM Answer personal emails 5:00 PM End workday 5:30 PM Errands 6:00 PM Watch television or play X-Box 7:00 PM The Bella Hour 8:00 PM Dinner and reading 9:00 PM Morning preparation 9:30 PM Feed the fish and lock up 10:00 PM Sleep EPOV She's waiting for me in the parlor when I arrive. I don't bother taking off my jacket, instead choosing to walk up behind her and put my fingers where they've been dying to roam all day. Her insides are already scorching and damp for me. Isabella Swan is like the finest Absinthe-good going down but will drive you mad. We don't talk much outside of the needed commands. As I bend her over, I notice she has on the long blonde wig today. I prefer her natural brunette bobbed hair. I never complain, because what we have is too perfect to screw up by being picky. Sex, lust, fear. Isabella takes the initiative and moves her garters aside. She's wearing black lace, which always drives me crazy. The bright lights in the room illuminate her porcelain skin-a perfect contrast to the darkness of the lingerie. Before I can begin, I have to taste her. Slowly, I insert my middle finger deep inside her. Isabella wiggles a little, but she doesn't moan. I slide my finger out, lick the wetness, and insert it again. This time I use more force. When my finger can slide in easily, I stop and unbutton my pants. Usually I change before coming over for the hour, but today I come to her still in my work suit. I know Isabella secretly likes it when I dress up for these meetings . I've seen the way her eyes devour me in the rare occasions I wear something formal. I carefully fold my pants and put them on the antique footstool in the corner. My jacket, tie, and button-down are soon to follow. Bella's parlor is fancy-like stepping back into the nineteen-forties. She meticulously collects fashionable furniture from all around the world to display in her home, although, I'm the only one she invites over. "Edward." The one word goes straight to my fully erect dick. She rarely speaks my name, but when she does I feel like I'm going to burst on the spot. I have so little self-control with Isabella. With trepidation, I place my trembling hands on her shoulders to help turn her around. She raises her chest a little so she can wrap her full, red-painted lips around my cock. I know she wears that color-stay stuff women use to make sure their lipstick doesn't rub off. I'm not worried. As Isabella's hot, little mouth engulfs me, I look over at the large round vintage clock. We have a little more than forty minutes left. The pendulum almost swings in time to Isabella's soft sucking noises-it's oddly comforting to me. Time is the only thing I can control , I think warily. Isabella is always very determined. She bobs her small head up and down on my thick shaft. I hold her head down and feel her gag on my cock. I know I am large, and it can't be easy for her to fit my girth in that small mouth. All too soon, her eager hands join the party. She relaxes her throat and lets me thrust deeply. It's the best feeling in the world. I tense up as I feel her manicured nails slowly scraping my danglers. She notices and pulls back, licking the long vein so I can catch my breath a little. It isn't long before I'm leaking into her mouth. Without warning, she engulfs me again; this time humming a little as she goes about her task. I like the way she coughs and sputters as I go deeper down her throat. She is nasty. As my balls tighten, I fight the urge to whimper. Soldiers do not whimper. I will not give her that power over me. It is bad enough I have to use an hour in my schedule to see her every day. I hate her for reducing me to this baseness. At exactly seven-thirty-seven, I begin to orgasm. Isabella gathers the cum on her tongue and shows it to me. I wince and look away. She is always so vulgar at the end. I prefer not to see these things. "Delicious," she says before swallowing. A few minutes later she tries to stand, but I put pressure on her head while swiveling her around. She groans a little and spreads her legs for me. She's in the same position she was in before the blowjob. Watching her shapely ass up in the air makes me hard again. I stroke myself while looking at the clock. We don't have much time left. Isabella does not care about the time, but I will not break my schedule for her. I reach and pull her black corset down until her small breasts spill from the top. I do not remove the garment completely, because I like the way it shrinks her waist. She knows my preference and doesn't argue. "I'm going to enter you now," I state coldly. Isabella holds her breath until I am all the way inside her slickness. Then, she wiggles a little and adjusts until we're both comfortable. I hold on to her hips as I begin long, deep thrusts. Soon, I am sweating and groaning like a stuck pig. I hate her. I hate her. I hate her. The only thing keeping me rooted to the Earth is the pendulum of the clock. I have to finish quickly, or I'll leave Isabella wanting. As much as I loathe her, she does not deserve that kind of torture. Leaning heavily on her back, I begin stroking her clitoris. It's hard and protruding, letting me know that she is so close to her rapture. I press down and pinch it as I roll my hips around. She makes a dying noise as her muscles clench around me. Sweat beads on my forehead as I notice the clock hit six-fifty. Desperate now, I lift her a little so that I can pinch her nipples with my free hand. The force of my pounding is so strong it makes Isabella's wig slip. She has not secured it tightly enough. "Fuck," she screams, pushing back against me. I do not acknowledge that word. At exactly seven-fifty-six, Bella falls apart. I close my eyes as her insides tighten and trigger my own release. I do not like coming inside of her so I pull out, letting my cum coat the expensive dark lace of her corset and underwear. When I am done, I hastily throw on my clothes. Isabella keeps her body bent as she struggles to catch her breath. I loosen the corset a little to help her along. She gasps and inhales. I do not wait to see if she okay, because our time is up. As I walk out the door, I gaze at the pictures of her adorning every wall. Isabella is a famous Burlesque dancer. She is here in Forks to clear her head and kick her addiction to pain medication. The only way I know this information is because even I can't avoid all the town gossip. At eight on the dot, I arrive back at my own home. One of the reasons I can do this is because we live very close. We have no other neighbors this far out in the woods. Isabella and I both have modern mansions. Most of the other townspeople live in old houses nearer to Main Street. I go upstairs and clean up a little before making dinner. Tonight is fish and vegetable night. I do not taste the food going down, but I trust that it does its job of nourishing me. My dinner beverage is always lemon water. As I eat, I read the local newspaper. There is some trouble with young people trying to start local gangs but nothing major. I have several guns and even a few grenades; therefore, I am well protected in case something goes wrong. Former Colonel, Edward Cullen can handle anything. Those days are over. I am now a civilian. While I load the dishwasher, I let my phone voicemail play out loud. I know I don't communicate as well as I should anymore. The Bella Hour is the most social thing I get up to these days and even we are strangers. The first message is from my mom Esme, " Edward, dear, please call to let me know how you are doing. Alice, Jasper, and their kids are coming this weekend. I would love it if you joined us for dinner. Call me, sweetheart." I press delete and start the next message. It's from my father. He's saying the same words as my mother, but I can tell he doesn't mean them. Carlisle will never love me again, because I failed to save my baby brother from the harshness of war. I can see it in Carlisle's eyes when he looks at me. The rest of the messages are unimportant, so I delete everything and close the dishwasher. My mind tries to wander, but I keep myself focused. The dinner hour is over. At nine, I begin getting my briefcase and notes ready for tomorrow. I'm meeting with a Russian firm that needs security for their Forex trading website. I own and manage a successful high-level internet security company. It's the only job I've felt qualified to do since I left the military. Don't think. Half an hour later, I go down to the den and get out the fish food. My Angelfish are awake and swimming happily. Their tank takes up almost the whole wall. The fish are one of the few luxuries I allow myself. Riley loved Angelfish. Pushing the thought out of my head; I go back upstairs, lock the door, and get ready for bed. Before I close my eyes, I open my oak nightstand and take out Riley's Silver Star. It was awarded for Gallantry in Action . I miss my brother, but at least he died a true American hero. Sighing, I put the medal away and close my drawer. I do not deserve to look upon my little brother's greatness. Sometimes I wonder if Isabella knows about my failure, though, we never talk about things like that with each other. ~~~TBH~~~ Wednesday morning and the routine begins again. Before long, I am in my office eating a bland protein bar as the tedium of the day wears on my fraught nerves. My firm is one of the biggest employers in Forks, so I know everyone. Women flit through my office throughout the day bringing various things for me to sign. I know they often wonder if I'm gay, into kink, seeing someone, or a psychopath. I let them think whatever they want. Today I can't concentrate on hacking and codes. I crave Isabella. It makes me sick to need her so much. For a minute, I even consider breaking my schedule and going to see her. I know she will not refuse me, but I do not like showing weakness. By six, I am a wreck. I spend the whole hour pacing the floor instead of watching the evening news. Tonight, I'm wearing jeans and a tee shirt. I don't want Isabella to get spoiled into thinking I'll always dress up. At five minutes to seven, the door opens. I go still as she enters the room. She is wearing a sixties style beige dress with a red belt around her waist. I can tell that