The tale of Rosalie saved Emmett. How Emmett joined the Cullens. And how they fell in love. One-shot. RxEm. REVISED. My take on this xoxo—ei Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended or accepted. Lovely I was dying. And for some reason I wasn't panicking. Well, I was squealing like a stuck pig because it hurt a hell of lot more than it should have been hurting for someone teetering on the brink of total inexistence. Calling it a "chest wound" wouldn't do my injury justice. Fact of the matter was I was basically trying to keep my organs from spilling out of the huge gash in my torso. So, at this point it was a matter of minutes. And I wasn't frightened at all, how odd. Well, I was , but not of dying. What came afterwards was more disconcerting. I didn't like the idea of eternal hellfire and icy-cold brimstone. Of course, I knew it was inevitable; I'd enjoyed my life a little more than I probably should have. And the giving of my soul to the devil, being unavoidable as the matter was, was what frightened me the most. Well, that and the fact that I would never make it home to my mother's for Christmas pie and turkey. Who else was going to polish off the leftovers that wouldn't fit into the pantry? She was going to be devastated . The pain was growing exponentially now. Like the stupid grizzly couldn't have just swiped my head and been done with it. But nooooo , it had to maul me to make damn sure National Geographic would fulfill its yearly quota of bear attacks. I turned my head slowly and watched my blood mix with the water of a stream a few feet away, turning the current crimson. It was no almost-naked model, but the sight normally would have made me whip out my camera and snap a few dozen pictures. I wasn't screaming anymore. The pain felt very final, and I was too far gone for any number of transfusions. My whole body felt heavy and my muscles resisted any movement I could have tried. I was too far gone to be saved. It was silent now, except for the occasional drip of blood into the water. I heard the quiet pitter-patter of approached footsteps. Another bear? Or worse, a scavenger? With my bones picked clean, how would I ever be identified. Oh, the humanity! A few seconds later, a pair of bare feet danced into sight — I say danced for lack of a word more apropos. Whatever she was doing, the way she moved was pure ballet. From what I could see of her legs, they were gorgeous. I wanted to whistle but couldn't work up the breath. Emmett McCarty, flirting with girls on his deathbed. That's what my tombstone should read , I thought. Weren't dying people supposed to be full of sudden wisdom, and yet all I could think was how it would feel to kiss her. The woman knelt down next to me, gasping. Dying with a stranger was better than dying alone, and man , was she the woman to die with. From this position, without her face a foot away I could see that…she was…pretty. Pretty , my ass . She was amazing…beautiful…I couldn't think of words to properly describe her. The words simply didn't exist. Was I already dead? Was she an angel? That made sense, she was almost glowing in the sunlight. Or maybe she was a demon, sent to torture me. But it was hard to believe someone so incomparably gorgeous could have been a demon. She had to be an angel. My angel. I was dying after all. She took my head in her hands. "You're going to be all right. I promise!" She was comforting me; futilely, but I welcomed it. I wanted to kiss her out of gratitude, and out of a few other things, too. "Are you real?" I tried to ask her, but all that came out of my mouth was a wheezy gush of air. And then, we were moving. I wouldn't have believed if I hadn't see it with my own eyes. She was carrying me and sprinting at warp speed; me, Emmett McCarty, who on an odd day weighed closer to two-hundred pounds than not. And this smoking hot, petite blonde, who couldn't have weighed more than a hundred-twenty on her worst day had just tossed me over shoulder like I was a Raggedy-Ann doll and sprinting at a speed I couldn't really even comprehend. I couldn't even wrap my head around it so I gave up on trying to understand the hallucinations of a dying man and settled into her arms, trying to enjoy the view for as long as I had left. Her face was contorted; beautiful, but pained and agonized. Her lips and hands were trembling and her eyes were almost aflame with emotion. The pain, meanwhile, had grown a hundred-fold and I was writhing uncontrollably, wrenching my lips closed so I could act like a man for the last time. My vision was almost gone and I was supremely angry that this last miracle was being taken from me. Finally, she came to a stop and laid me tenderly on the ground. "Carlisle!" Another man joined appeared at her side. "Save him, please ! Don't let him die." I looked up into the tawny eyes of the man. I frowned to myself. Knowing my luck, this was probably her boyfriend. And he was a looker; I had no business competing with him. " Please , Carlisle." Then I couldn't see. My vision was gone. Death was here, and he was knocking. "You could have done it yourself, you know," The man said quietly. "I would have killed him if I'd done myself." Cold hands stripped away my shirt. I felt her lips against my ear and she whispered, This is going to hurt. A lot . But in the end, at least you'll live. I hope you can forgive me." From the other side, I felt the man lower his mouth to my neck. I could feel him breathing on — he bit me ! The guy bit my neck. What was he? Some kind of vampire? I was NOT that kind of guy! I was no fruit, and I'd prove it here and now with this gorgeous specimen, you know, if I wasn't out for count at this point. I opened my mouth to protest. But instead, a jolt shot across my body. I was no longer speechless or blind. In a moment I was screaming louder than ever. I felt as if someone had poured salt into wounds that had suddenly erupted across my body. Agony so sharp I could never have imagined it to be so. So intense it was that I lost all control of my body. My back arched, and the scorching, white-hot sensation spread further. I scarcely noticed when the man bit my other wrist. Every moment that advanced induced flames that consumed me. I felt like a hot hand of iron was being fastidiously applied to every square inch of my skin, like lava was being poured onto my chest. I began to claw at my own skin, anything to make it stop! Put out the fire! Meanwhile, blondie had started to weep. She took my hand and whispered, "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry," in a desperate mantra. She kissed my forehead and amid the throes of my agony, the cool touch of her skin soothed me. The night passed in a similar way but when morning came, I began to vomit, spilling the contents of my stomach. Blood. Bits of skin from my stomach. Acid that scorched my throat. "Water…" I said hoarsely. Blondie quickly placed a glass at my lips and helped me pour the cold liquid down my throat. It felt nice. I gulped back as many mouthfuls as I could before giving the glass back. "Rosalie, no!" Shouted the other man, rushing into the room. How had he heard? "No! It's going to come back up now!" He hissed at her. I realized we were inside a house. When had we moved? I suppose during my fits, they had moved me to some sort of hospital. I closed my eyes and let my head go limp in her hands. Just one moment of peace, please. Then, almost immediately, I pulled myself from her arms and threw up again. Water and stomach acid. It was awful. Was this real? Or was this a hell I'd been sent to for atonement? "It's working…" The man said almost sadly. "The venom. Your body is trying to reject all the things it doesn't need anymore…" He whispered. Blondie — Rosalie — got a rag and drenched it with ice-cold water before wiping my face clean. I was covered in sweat, blood, and vomit. The excruciating agony that coursed through my bloodstream only got worse as the hours went by. I was so consumed by the inferno that many a time I tried to push my self out of her arms. But she continually drew me back for what little pacification she could offer. I screamed so hard I thought my vocal cords would snap. She covered my body with her own and pressed my face to her neck. I jerked about, unable to control myself over the spams of my body. I was sobbing so hard that my body shook. There was no release. Pop . Silence. I could feel wetness by the sides of my face and I realized my eardrums had burst. My throat was closing up from the tension in my muscles, making it impossible for me to swallow; I began to choke. She gently opened my mouth and held me at a tilt so I could spit all of the accumulated blood and saliva. Then the seizure passed, I threw my sweat soaked face against her chest, exhausted, yet begging for the cool, icy touch of her skin. Rosalie steadied my face with her hands and pressed her forehead against mine, kissing my forehead. I couldn't help it. I pressed my face into her chest and wept, all traces of my masculinity abandoned. My eyes burned now to the point where I couldn't open them. My stomach released acid again, all over the floor I vomited. Millions of white-hot needles pricked my arms. I clutched at my chest, clawing at my throat, drawing blood. I writhed, scratching so hard, I was sure I was going to tear my throat right open. I couldn't breathe. I imagined that the airways of my throat and nose seal up completely. She seized my hands and held them securely in her. Somehow, despite the fact that I was so much bigger than her, she enveloped me in her arms, pressing me against her body so that I wouldn't hurt myself. That was the first time in my life I ever wished for death. Instead of lopping off my head like I'd hoped, she lifted my chin and said, "I'm sorry, it had to be this way, but I couldn't let you die. You will survive and it will have been worth it. Listen to me: I need you! You can't die on me." • • • I didn't dare open my eyes. I heard footsteps approaching and remained motionless and pretending to still be unconscious. The pain seemed a memory, a horrible dream perhaps. I wasn't exactly sure what happened, but I knew the man had something to do with it and I didn't want him injecting me anything else. "He's awake." That was the man.