Disclaimer: I still do not own anything, though I wish I did! Then Aragorn would be all mine. A/N: I just wanted to experiment with the idea of Legolas's death and the effect it would have on Aragorn as well as everyone else. I don't know how long this will be, yet. We'll see. Please Review! The cold, biting wind blew harshly against the tear stained face of the broken ranger. It seemed that ever since the death of his best friend, winter decided to make its presence known much sooner so as to remind the mourner that the icy chill would be nearby for longer than desired. The nights were worse it seemed as they only stood as a constant reminder that the feeling of warmth was always going to be overshadowed by the frigid darkness, and these days, it seemed that only in this darkness could the ranger seek refuge as if it understood what he was feeling. Clutching his cloak tighter to his body, the ranger rose from the place where he was silently sitting, turned his back to the rising sun, and numbly walked away. After a short time, the Last Homely House was slowly coming into view. The ranger's footsteps over the trodden path were soon surpassed by the rising sound of morning songbirds and other creatures. As Imladris drew nearer, horses could be heard off in the distance accompanied by shouts in elvish of the morning hunters. It seemed that the world was still in motion as though nothing had occurred. Everyone and everything seemed to have found that time stops for no one and that life moves on regardless of circumstance. Despite all of this distraction, the ranger remained unaffected, turning a deaf ear to all that surrounded him as he found himself falling into an endless abyss that was soon swallowing all reality. He did not want to move on…he could not move on as everyone else had. "Estel?" a concerned voice asked loudly enough to penetrate the occupied mind of the young man. Pulling himself ever so slowly from his daze, he looked up with empty eyes, barely seeing the dark haired elf in front him. It seemed that Elladan had finally discovered where his brother was disappearing to ever night. Aragorn was always able to return home before anyone came to summon him for breakfast (which, of late, was always left untouched), or at least he thought he was improving his abilities to stay undetected. A deep sigh escaped his lips as he realized that nothing could ever go unnoticed in Elrond's house. "Estel, father is terribly worried about you. You barely eat. You disappear every night leaving you with little chance to sleep. I know that Legolas' dea--" Elladan's lecture about his brother's well being was suddenly ended when a fist connected with his jaw. Surprised blue eyes met cold gray ones. Aragorn had yet to utter a single syllable, but his feelings were heard loud and clear. Without another glance at his fallen brother, Aragorn continued walking down the path leaving an absolutely speechless elf behind him. His pace seemed to have quickened since his confrontation with his brother. Why couldn't his brother see that nothing he said or did would help him? Only his best friend could do that but he was…no, he didn't want to acknowledge what had thrown a hole so deep within his soul. He ignored anyone who came bearing sympathy for his loss. After a while, it all seemed so meaningless since no amount of pity on Middle Earth could assuage Aragorn of his despair and guilt. Aragorn was so preoccupied with his thoughts that he lost track of time completely. It wasn't until he looked up to see the worried eyes of his father and his other brother at the breakfast table that he realized where he was. "Estel, ion nin, please sit," Elrond asked politely though Aragorn knew it was more of a demand. Wordlessly, Aragorn pulled out a chair at the opposite end of the table, and sat down. He braced himself for the lecture he was sure to hear from his father. It seemed that the same dialogue arose everyday. Constant worry and eager understanding laced every conversation as Elrond pleaded with his son to see that death was not an end but a beginning, and that he needed to take better care of himself before he was beyond the point of any help. Much to Aragorn's surprise, though his face remained impassive, those words did not come. Instead, Elrond began the morning differently. "Estel, hunting, as you know, has been very difficult as of late, because of the early approaching winter. It has come to my attention that your help would be very much appreciated. Elrohir and Elladan plan to depart early tomorrow morning. Would you like to accompany them?" Aragorn could not help but let his eyes show the astonishment at his father's request. It had been three months since Legolas' death and no one had been able to say anything besides a few condolences and speeches about his health. In those three months, Aragorn barely voiced a single word or thought leaving everyone to believe that he had finally succumbed to grief, letting his spirit wander while an empty shell continued living. However, Elrond knew better. He knew that with enough time his son would heal, but he also knew that empty words of comfort would not help his son move on. He learned that well whenever his meager sympathies met deaf ears. Elrond understood that a change in tactic was much needed so by treating Aragorn like a normal person, instead of a fragile vase that might break with the weight of a feather, he hoped that his son would find his way past his grief. A small voice in Aragorn's head was telling him to take the opportunity to escape for a short time, that it would do him some good to accept change in his daily routine. However, his heart refused, making the man realize that by leaving Imladris he would be leaving his friend behind. Leaving meant moving on and Aragorn was not ready for that just yet. After a few silent moments, Aragorn listened to his heart and shook his head, turning down the request. Despite his refusal to accompany his brothers on the trip, Elrond believed that he was making progress. A few months prior, Aragorn would have become angered at the idea and fled from the room. Now, he seemed to at least contemplate the notion of living his life and accepting his loss, at least that is what Elrond hoped his son's hesitation meant. A few minutes passed as silence enveloped the room once again. Without saying anything to excuse himself, Aragorn rose from the table and walked away from his family, leaving them worried for his sanity, as it seemed they still could not make him utter a single word to them. " Please, listen to me, stubborn human. Sleep tonight. I will take watch." The conversation began the same way every night for the past week since Legolas was injured, though he would be ashamed to admit that the cause of his injury was his own horse. Many jokes resulted from that incident as Aragorn could hardly ignore the fact that an elf's horse was spooked. Since that time, Aragorn insisted on his friend resting, as he stood watch in his place, much to Legolas' dismay. However, unlike most nights, Aragorn finally yielded to Legolas' pleas of rest. This only attested to how exceedingly exhausted the human was. As the veil of night crept into the forest, Aragorn at last allowed sleep to overcome him as he lay beneath the brilliant stars… …Aragorn jerked awake suddenly as a strange feeling washed over him. He could not quite understand what had brought him out of his restful slumber. He looked around to see Legolas a little ways away, attentive and crouched, eyes looking around in the darkness of the trees. Aragorn instantly knew that his friend sensed a looming danger. The fact that he wasn't awoken immediately meant that Legolas was not sure that they were personally threatened; at least, that was what Aragorn wanted to believe despite Legolas' impeccable perception. However, in his heart, Aragorn knew that Legolas wanted him to have as much uninterrupted sleep as possible, even if it meant protecting him alone. Suddenly, the air hissed and dark projectiles shot from the woods. Seeing his friend awake, Legolas instantly moved towards him and pinned him to the ground, covering his body in protection. Simultaneously, heavy footfalls could be heard pounding the soft earth as grunting orcs came rushing out of the woods, weapons in hand. Aragorn made a move to rise, when he found that the weight of his friend refused to move. Adrenaline and worry fueled the human, helping him to wiggle out from beneath the blonde elf. When he made it to a sitting position beside his friend he noticed a black arrow embedded in his back near his heart. He wanted to aid his friend who lay half conscious, panting on the ground, but he knew that if he had any chance at all, Aragorn needed to dispose of the orcs first. Renewed energy aided Aragorn in his upcoming battle. He met each orc with a fierce spirit as the need to defend his friend enhanced his drive to stay alive. One particularly large orc was getting the better of him, each blow more forceful than the last, until Aragorn could barely stay focused. He silently cursed his past stubbornness, as his fatigued body grew even weaker. His attention was so focused on the orc before him that he did not notice the orc coming up behind him holding a rusty axe overhead to break Aragorn's skull. As the blade was being brought down, he finally was able to defeat the large orc in front of him with a stab to the side and a final slash that decapitated him. He turned suddenly, catching the movement behind him. Before he could register what had happened, the axe finally came down, only Aragorn was not touched. Blonde hair flashed in front of his eyes as a weight leaned against his chest… … Legolas, with a last burst of energy, launched himself in the orc's path with both knives drawn. He would not allow his friend to die so easily, especially by being stabbed in the back, so to speak. With both knives crossed, he caught the axe just before it reached his friend. His injured body almost refused to hold the weight causing him to lean heavily against the body behind him. With Aragorn's support, he was able to successfully fend off the attack and push the orc back before collapsing to the ground. Aragorn quickly took his sword and ran the orc through without a second thought. Finally the battle was done. Bodies littered the ground, black blood shining in the light of the moon. Aragorn looked around in disgust, his thoughts racing, barely comprehending everything that had just happened. His gasping friend brought his mind back to reality. " Legolas, mellon nin," Aragorn cried desperately as he knelt down holding his friend's body in his arms. Blood from his back streamed down Aragorn's supporting hand. The arrow was broken, as the man's fingers ran across the splintered wood. It must have broken when he fell against his chest defending him. " Estel…" Legolas could barely speak as his breathing grew shallower and shallower. Blood began to seep from the corner of his mouth as the elf coughed. It was obvious that the damage was fatal and that even an elf could not escape death. His body was slowly shutting down. " Legolas, no! Do not leave me here. You cannot. I will never forgive you if you do." Tears ran down Aragorn's cheeks as he tried desperately to staunch