A/N: I left this story for a long time, but I couldn't quite let go of the idea. I also realised that I really enjoyed writing it, and while I couldn't get over my writer's block for the old version, I decided to revamp it into a new version and take the story in a slightly different direction. It is also no longer written in diary format, but I hope none of Alice's personality gets lost because of that. Also, after an edit, Alice no longer lives with her dad, she lives with her mom. As the chapters progress, it will become apparent why :) Disclaimer: All characters belong to Stephanie Meyer. Alice's Manhattan world belongs to Gossip Girl. Chapter One The sounds of banging and clattering, broken up only by the occasional cuss word, woke me on the first Monday of my junior year. I pushed myself upright in bed, blinking to get my bearings. My room was the same as it had been when I shut my eyes last night – sketch pads strewn all over the floor, battered easel standing lopsidedly in the opposite corner to my vanity table – except that my little sister, Cynthia, was perched on the edge of my mattress. "Do something, Alice," she stage-whispered. "Mom's trying to make waffles." Immediately, I threw back my duvet and leapt out of bed. My feet had barely touched the floor when I took off running for the kitchen. Our loft apartment was open-plan, which meant I had an unhindered view of the impending culinary catastrophe the second I yanked my bedroom door open. "Mom, put the waffle iron down!" I exclaimed. She glanced up at me with surprise – and yes, a little bit of sheepishness – in her kind brown eyes. "I just wanted to make something nice for you girls starting back at school today." The snarky retort I had been about to utter died on my lips. She was a total mess – plaid shirt splattered with waffle batter, caramel curls in a wild tangle and sticking out in every direction – but she was as well-meaning and optimistic as ever. She was trying to make everything normal, as she had been all summer. I didn't have the heart to berate her for her efforts. "Thanks, Mom." I took a seat at the breakfast bar, eyeing the congealed mess she was attempting to scrape onto three plates. "It smells… interesting." She grinned at me. "Interesting is the word for it." There was a movement in my peripheral vision as Cynthia pulled up the seat beside me. She glanced down at the lumpy goo as Mom set the plate down in front of her and then back up at her with dismay. "Oh, what the fuck is this?" "Cynthia!" Mom and I chided in unison. She only turned thirteen in spring, but she had already developed the fantastically bitchy attitude of the Manhattan teenager. She shrugged unapologetically and poked at the 'waffles' with her fork. "How is it burnt and undercooked at the same time?" My eyes flashed to my mother, who looked as though she were caught between the desire to laugh and the desire to scold. Amusement won out when she caught my eye, and both of us cracked up laughing. "Okay, so I'm not winning Masterchef any time soon," she said. "I'll buy you a bagel on the way to school." Cynthia looked at her like she'd just confessed to murder. "You mean you're walking me there?" "Cyn, don't be a bitch," I put in. "But people will see!" she protested. "I'm in eighth grade, not kindergarten!" "You're still as much of a pain in the ass as you were in kindergarten, if that helps," I told her. She glared at me with a matched set of the brown eyes that we'd both inherited from our mother. "Allie, why would you ever think that that would help?" Mom asked, bewildered. I shrugged, sliding off my stool. There was no way I was going to attempt to eat Mom's waffles, no matter how sweet the gesture was, and I needed to get ready for school. School. Sigh. "Where are you going?" "To get ready." Cynthia snorted. "You have a uniform, why does it take you so long to get ready in the morning?" "You wouldn't understand," I replied. "Why, just because I don't go to Constant-Bullshit?" "Cynthia!" Mom reprimanded, but this time I almost laughed. I fixed my sister with a pointed look. "Have you been hanging out with Seth again?" Seth, my best friend since we were pre-schoolers, had begun calling my fancy Manhattan prep school by that derogatory name sometime during my freshman year. Its real name was Constance-Billard School for Girls, but considering that the students were the entitled, uber-rich children of the Upper East Side's elite, the nickname suited it better. I was the only scholarship kid in my junior class, which meant that I didn't just have to put on a uniform before I went to school each morning. I had to put on fucking armour. Kids can be cruel. Rich kids, on the other hand… they can be monstrous. "Yeah. Trust me, if you go out for the scholarship then you'll see exactly what I mean next year." With those parting words, I wandered back into my bedroom. It took me thirty-one minutes to get ready – my personal best – and I hurriedly blew my mom a kiss on the way out of the door. It was a short walk to the subway. The morning train was packed with commuters to the city, and I found myself sandwiched between a man in a polyester suit and a guy whose music was turned up way too loud in his ears. When the train doors slid open and I finally could spill out onto the platform at my destination, I almost felt relieved. Emerging from the subway station and into the Upper East Side, my relief dried up like a puddle in July. Most people that I spoke to were excited about starting their junior year of high school. It was a big deal. Something to look forward to. Me? Not so much. Constance-Billard shared a grand old building with our male counterpart school – St Jude's. Essentially, we were one and the same institution, aside from the separate halls for our lockers and gender-segregated classes. As I stood on the sidewalk outside the impressive iron gates that led to the entrance, a boy in a yellow shirt and navy blazer nearly mowed me down. "Watch it, freak!" he snapped as he swerved at the last minute to avoid me. I didn't recognise him, which meant he was a freshman. Even the younger boys treated me like shit. Age may come before beauty, but apparently money comes before everything else. At least in this part of town. A town car pulled up on the curb beside me as I righted myself, and the back door swung open. I barely had time to hoist my bag securely onto my shoulder before a tall figure stepped smoothly out of the car. I tried not to stare. I really did. I, Alice Brandon, like to think that I'm above all that teenage schoolgirl swooning crap. For the most part, I am. Except when the guy standing in front of me was Jasper Whitlock. With his honey-blond curls and his deep blue eyes, he was Adonis in a blazer. He was also the richest and most talked about guy in school. His father owned half of Manhattan. The nice half. I'd seen him every day since I was fourteen, and I would've bet every cent of my meagre savings that he didn't even know my name. He stepped to one side, and another, smaller figure got out of the car. She was as dark as he was fair, and she wore her Constance uniform in a way that managed to look both virginal and stylish. Maria de Lucia, Jasper's long-term girlfriend. She slotted her hand into his outstretched one, and the two of them headed for the gate. Maria stopped short when she saw me dithering in the entryway. Unlike her boyfriend, she knew exactly who I was. It had been her personal mission to make my life a living hell since our freshman orientation. She was a hundred and ten pounds of girly evil, and she was very, very good at it. "Oh my gosh," she enthused, stretching her dark eyes wide. "Alice Brandon. Don't you look…" Her full lips curved upward into a cruel smile. "Interesting." "Good to see you, Maria." All my energy went into attempting a smile. "How was your summer?" "Paris was wonderful. You should really go sometime. You know, if you can save up enough money." The words sounded innocuous enough, but Maria's delivery made it very clear that they were meant solely to put me down. "But it's so great to be back." "Isn't it just?" I muttered. "Well, see you in class," she said, grinning widely, before tugging Jasper through the gates and up the steps without a backward glance. Jasper hadn't even looked at me for the duration of our snide conversation. "And cast in the role of the invisible woman, we have Alice Brandon," I sighed into the empty air. "Invisible?" A low, musical voice asked from my right. "Not with that pink stripe in your hair. I'd say that's an attention-grabbing statement." I spun around in astonishment. The speaker was another tall boy, this time with messy bronze hair and eyes the same green as the emerald scarf he wore open around his neck. Edward Cullen, son of the best and most expensive plastic surgeon on the Eastern Seaboard. He was another junior, and another member of the elite. He was also, as it happened, Jasper Whitlock's best friend. Unconsciously, my fingers brushed over the vivid stripe of colour I had dyed into my long black hair over the summer. I'd done it on a whim when Seth and I had been bored late one Friday night, and had never bothered to get rid of it. Seth said it suited me. "Um…" "You're a junior at Constance, right?" Edward Cullen asked. "I remember you." "Yeah. Yes. I'm Alice." He inclined his head. "Edward." "Yeah, I know." I bit my lip, cursing myself for speaking the moment the words were out of my mouth. Edward didn't seem to mind, though. He just gave me an awkward half-smile. "You're going to attract a lot of attention this year with your blatant disregard for uniform regulations, Alice," he teased, green eyes sparkling. "I hope you don't really want to be invisible." "It's not so much a want as an occupational hazard of being the scholarship kid." I shrugged. "I doubt the hair will make much difference." "You'd be surprised," Edward responded. He looked as though he were about to say something else, but the chime of the bell from inside the school caught his attention. "See you around, Alice." He ducked his head in a nod of farewell and set off up the front steps. I blinked after him for a moment, too surprised to move. Edward Cullen had just introduced himself to me. Maybe junior year wasn't going to suck as hard as the two years before it after all. Junior year, as it turns out, didn't suck as hard as the two years before it; if the first day was anything to go by. It sucked harder . Maria and her bitchy hierarchy of cronies made my life miserable yet again, with snide comments and pointed whispers and deliberate ostracism. Four of my teachers forgot my name. My geometry teacher called on me when I had the wrong answer. I ate lunch by myself in the quad. After school let out, I jumped the train back to Brooklyn, got changed out of my uniform and headed to Java Jones. I