A/N – Hey guys! You may or may not have read my fic, New York, I Love You, but this is a companion to that, from Edward's perspective. I suppose it works as a story on its own as well, so you don't necessarily have to read both to understand what's going on. Hope you enjoy it! As always, I own nothing but my dirty imagination ;) One "Are you telling me that you're not even a little bit excited?" Alice's high soprano voice pipes through the speakers at the side of my computer, and I pause in my pacing in order to throw an incredulous stare in the direction of her pixellated image on-screen. "Excited? Excited ? Ali, I'm moving to Texas . Not just Texas, but small-town Texas! I'm going to be living in Hicksville; population – who gives a flying fuck!" I curl my tongue over my teeth, trapping my tongue bar in-between them and chewing on it. It's a nervous habit I have, and my mom always tells me I need to cut it out, or I'll chip the enamel on my teeth. Of course, she also suggests – in that polite-but-actually-pissed-off-deep-down way of hers – that I should never have gotten it pierced in the first place. My dad agrees, but seeing as they're adamant on raising me to be 'My Own Man' they don't make me take it out or anything. Alice frowns at me from the computer screen for a minute. "I really don't see the big deal about moving to Texas. You're talking about it like it's Mars or something. Don't be such a drama queen, Teddy." I bristle – both at her calling me a 'drama queen' and at her re-iteration of my long-despised family nickname. Teddy . Ugh. It's Edward or it's nothing. Unfortunately, trying to get that through my cousin's little English brain is next to impossible. As is trying to get her to cooperate with anything she doesn't want to. I'm 'Teddy' for life. "Don't call me a drama queen," I mutter. Then, louder, I say, "I'm not being overly-dramatic. I won't fit in down in Texas, Alice, and you know it. D'you think the Daughters of the American Revolution and their kids are gonna welcome the punk-ass Yankee who also happens to be homo?" "I dunno, Ted. Maybe they'll surprise you." Alice stretches across her bed, arching her spine like a cat. Her dark eyes meet my green ones – or, at least, the image of my eyes on her laptop screen – sternly. "Or maybe they won't. Either way, it's no use whining like a little bitch over the whole thing. What's done is done. Uncle C has to move for his new job, and Auntie Es, you and Mags are all going with him. End of story. You should try and get on board with it like Maggie has." Maggie, my little sister, is climbing the walls with excitement about the idea of moving away someplace new. She's never lived anywhere except the city, and she finds the whole process of relocation endlessly entertaining. Of course, pretty much everything is entertaining and novel when you're six. I, being twelve years her senior, am a lot more reticent. I've done this whole 'starting fresh' thing twice before; first when we moved from Chicago to Philly when I was nine, and then the second time was the move from Philadelphia to Manhattan a year later. This time would be so much worse. I'd liked Philly only so-so, but New York City is my home. It feels right. This is where I belong; in our loft apartment in the Village, surrounded by subway stations and bodegas and fast-paced, ever-changing excitement. I belong here, in the greatest city on Earth. And yet, I'm kissing goodbye to Knicks games and poetry readings and hanging at the coffee house with my friends. No more of Seth dragging me to Bloomingdales on a Sunday morning because there's a sale on. No more being woken up at five a.m. by phone calls from Leah or Jake or Colin slurring drunkenly and incomprehensibly at me. No, instead, I'll be sitting on the bleachers on a Friday night watching the whole town as they show up en masse to the high school football games, like they're actually important. Sigh. "I suppose you're right, Alice." I hear myself saying, although I don't actually believe the words. "Maybe I should give it a chance." "Besides," she says, holding up one skinny index finger. "You might find a cute boy you like." In response, I just raise an eyebrow at her. "What?" she demands. "You might've met Victoria…" Victoria is Alice's current on/off girlfriend. They met when she moved from Manchester to London when she started university a year ago. "When you moved, but you went from one big city to an even bigger one. I'm going from metropolis to the sticks. I'll probably be the only gay kid around." Ali rolls her eyes on-screen. "Okay, Mr. Negativity, I can see that I'm really not going to win this argument or convince you of anything. I've gotta go, because Vicky and I are going out to see… um…" She furrows her brow, like she's trying really hard to remember something. "Oh, I dunno, some show or something. I wasn't paying attention when she told me. And you, my darling baby cousin, need to pack your shit. You leave in less than a week, and judging by the state of your room behind you, you've done bugger all so far." I smile. She's right. That's nothing unusual; the little pixie is always right. "Alright, Ali. Love you." "Love you, too, Teddy. And call me when you get to Texas. Bye." My computer beeps as she disconnects and the Skype chat closes down. I walk over and shut down the whole thing. Then I engage in a brief staring contest with my reflection in the blank monitor. My haywire copper hair is sticking up in every conceivable direction today, and I look a little peaky from my nerves. "You got this, Cullen," I tell myself firmly, and for a moment, I almost believe it. The trees flash past the car window, occasionally expelling a bird or two from their dense foliage, and all the while, I stare back at them sullenly. There's so much nature around here. Not a graffiti tag or towering skyscraper in sight. I hate it already. Instead of voicing my displeasure yet again, I simply slide further down in my seat and yank on the wire to pull my earbuds out my ears. I shut off my iPod and toss it onto the seat beside me, nearly hitting Maggie as she snoozes against the opposite window. Usually, the steady pounding of classic seventies punk music – in this instance, The Clash – calms me down and cheers me up. Not today. I don't think it's humanly possible for me to cheer up. I'm in fucking Texas, and I wanna go home. "Isn't it pretty around here?" Mom gushes when we eventually hit what passes for the town in this tiny place. I look at all the quaint, colonial buildings and shrug noncommittally at her. Truthfully, it is pretty. Very pretty. But I don't want to admit that, because I really don't want to give her the false impression that I'm actually okay with living here. I'm not. "It's gorgeous, darling," Dad says, patting Mom's knee with the hand that isn't gripping the steering wheel. "You made a great choice when you picked it." In Dad's posh English accent, anything sounds charming, and even this tiny bit of praise has my mother blushing like a schoolgirl with a crush. I roll my eyes at them both. They're disgustingly in love, still, after twenty years of marriage. I've never felt what they have, so I don't know what it's like, but from an outside observer's perspective, I kinda want to brush my teeth after spending too much time in their company. I doubt I'll ever act that way with someone. "Ted, what do you think?" Mom twists in her seat to check my expression. "Do you think you'll like it here?" About as much as I'd like an appendectomy without anesthesia, I think, but I say, "I dunno, Mom. Maybe. Maybe not." Her brow furrows, and she looks kind of upset. "Oh, Edward, please try to make the best of this, won't you? I really want us to make this work." Her voice is so earnest and hopeful that I feel the tiniest twinge of guilt over being such an unbearably moody ass. "I'll try, Mom," I promise. She beams at me, and her eyes – the same bright green as my own – light up. Just then, Maggie wakes up with a start, and begins to complain loudly that she's "super-super-extra thirsty" and we need to stop off somewhere for a drink. I don't see the point, myself, considering we're ten minutes away from our new house, but my parents agree instantly, insisting that it'll be nice to 'get a feel of the neighborhood'. I sigh and resign myself to the idea that I'll have to put on a brave face for a few hours longer. We stop at the only diner in town, and I'm totally dismayed to see that it's packed full of people. An exorbitantly enthusiastic waitress seats us at a booth, flashes me a toothy grin, and then bounces – and I do mean bounces – off to get us some menus. Mom and Maggie are engaged in a game of 'I Spy' and Dad is checking out the surroundings with benign interest. Me? I just stare down at the table, wishing I could just be left alone to wallow in my misery. I get up to go to the bathroom, just for something to do, and I'm just walking past a table full of girls my own age when one of them calls to me. "Hey." I turn. The girl who has spoken has wildly curly dark hair, and is sort of pretty in a country kind of way. She grins at me when I nod a greeting to her. "I'm Jessica," she says. "What's your name? Don't think I've seen ya round these parts before." Wow. She actually talks like something out of Dukes of Hazzard. Her accent is so thick that it takes me a second to actually process her words. "Um, I'm Edward." I turn to walk away, but Jessica reaches out and actually grabs my wrist, locking me in place. My head swivels in her direction again, and I raise my eyebrows. "Ain't ya gonna come sit down?" she asks. "I'm here with my family, sorry," I say. I don't want her to think I might actually be interested in her. It'll only lead to the awkward 'I'm gay' conversation, and that's not something I'm looking forward to in such a conservative, Christian town. "Oh. Well, okay. Are you in town just visitin', or…?" "No," I say. "I just moved here, actually." "Oh!" Jessica's eyes go all wide. "Well, in that case, you should come to Lauren's party on Saturday." The girl sitting beside her – a blonde – nods enthusiastically. I assume she's the aforementioned Lauren. "Would be nice ta get your life story 'fore school starts up again." She and I clearly have conflicting definitions of the word 'nice' but I'm not going to offend her by saying so. I smile and nod. "Sure." She reaches over and hands me something. Her phone. "Put your number in there, Edward, and I'll text ya 'bout Saturday." I comply, handing her back her cell and giving her a semi-convincing grin. "I guess I'll see you around?" "For sure." She beams at me again, and I can't help but wonder if she's really as nice and friendly as she appears. When I take my seat back at my booth