A/N So, the idea for this fic just popped into my head, because I was rewatching Gossip Girl and couldn't shake the idea for the story. Disclaimer: I own nothing. All characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. The Upper East Side, including Constance Billard School for Girls and St. Jude's School for Boys, belongs to the wonderfully bitchy and entertaining world of Gossip Girl. January 21st Dear Diary, So, I decided to start keeping you. I don't know how long I'll stick to it, exactly, but hopefully it will last. See, the thing is, you're the only one I can really talk to – unless you count Cynthia, which I don't, because she's only twelve and still in middle school. I suppose that I should really introduce myself. My name is Mary Alice Brandon, but anyone who calls me Mary gets a verbal beat-down, and fast. It's just Alice. Not that I really have much of a chance to give anyone a verbal beat-down, because nobody has bothered to talk to me in the three years I've been at stupid Constance. I'm the art freak who customizes her own uniform. I'm also the only one who takes the L train. It blows being the kid from Brooklyn when you go to school on the Upper East Side. I do it, though, because my dad has worked his ass off to get me into that godforsaken school. He's determined that him being poor won't stop me from getting into RISD. I want to make him proud, particularly because he's managing to single-handedly run an art gallery and raise two teenage daughters since my mom bailed on us. I have a routine, so that he's none the wiser to how miserable I am. Whenever he asks me how school was, I lie and say it was great. I help Cynthia with her homework. Then I lie some more and say I'm going out with my friends from school – of which I have exactly zero – and head down to Java Jones to meet Seth. And only then do I let my real feelings out. Seth gets it. He's not a scholarship kid at a rich prep school, like I am, but he's my best friend, and he's got his own drama. His mom is a total good Samaritan – a nurse who works at the free clinic – and she's been devoted to a thousand different causes ever since Seth's dad Harry died two years ago. His sister, Leah, is the golden girl in her mother's eyes; she's at NYU studying journalism, and is a hardcore activist. Sue and Leah are two peas in a pod. Seth, on the other hand – he just wants his band to make it big. Seth's mom doesn't get him. Like, at all. It's not to say that she doesn't love him, but she's always going on at him to have a plan, or a bit more direction in his life. I feel bad for him, but at least he likes public school. Today was like most other days. I caught the train home, dumped my bag in our loft, and was about to head out. Cynthia was off doing… something… with her friends. Because she has more than one, because the torture of Constance hasn't been inflicted on her yet. I like to hope that it might be different for her when she starts in the fall. I'm kidding myself, though – those rich, elitist brats can smell the Brooklyn air on girls like me, I swear it. Like I'm wearing some special perfume. Eau de poor. Lovely. Dad was on the phone when I found him, propped up against the kitchen counter and arguing at length with whatever art dealer he was speaking to. I signaled to him that I was going out, and he nodded. He looked tired, I noticed. Like he hadn't slept in a month. He probably hasn't. Not properly. There were dark circles under his eyes, and his black hair was rumpled from running his hands through it in frustration. I grimaced in sympathy as he rolled his deep brown eyes – exactly like mine – at whatever the person on the other end of the phone was saying. Blowing him a kiss, I left. I got to Java Jones to find Seth, looking harangued, dutifully wiping up the last few tables before he finished his shift. A couple of girls were staring at him appreciatively, I noticed. Seth is incredibly cute, with his russet skin and his messy dark hair. He spotted me across the crowd and dimpled a grin in my direction. I hurried over. "Hey," he greeted, shifting the mug-laden tray in his arms and pulling the cloth off his shoulder to wipe the table. The tray wobbled slightly, and I reached out my hands to steady it. He relinquished his grip on it to me as he leant across the table. I studied the back of his head, frowning. "I didn't think you were working this late," I muttered. He stood to his full height – I'm only tiny, so I found myself craning my head back to see his face – and gently prized the tray away from me. "I know. I stayed for some overtime." We walked back to the counter together, and Seth deposited the tray before leaning up against the bar. I spotted yet another girl giving him the look, and me the stink eye. She thought we were together. As did most people. "You work too much," I fretted, pointedly ignoring the daggers being drawn my way. "Naw," Seth shrugged. "It's cool. I can handle it." I narrowed my eyes. He's just like my dad. Biting off more than he can chew all the time. But he looked so damn exhausted that, instead of chiding him, I let out a defeated sigh. "The blonde behind you is checking you out," I informed him, and his eyebrows shot up. "Where?" "Don't be too obvious." But Seth was never obvious. With a surreptitious glance to the side, he appraised the girl silently. She caught him looking, and he shot her a wink. She blushed. I rolled my eyes. "How was school?" He asked me, hooking his foot around a bar stool and dragging it out for me to sit on. When I didn't, he patted the stool impatiently, and I hopped up as he rounded the counter to the employee side. "It sucked," I said honestly, propping my slightly pointed chin in my hands. Seth made a sympathetic noise. "Those rich bitches still giving you a hard time?" I shrugged noncommittally. Truth be told, I was more ignored than I was picked on. "They're just too snobby to bother speaking to me." "You say that like it's a bad thing. Honestly, would you want friends like that?" Probably not. But it would make my life a lot less lonely. I told him as much. "Think of it this way, Al," Seth said. "You've got what? A year and a half left to endure. You're two thirds of the way there." I couldn't decide whether that was uplifting or depressing, so I changed the subject. "I saw the news." "It's on every day," Seth replied with a smirk. I leaned across the counter to thump him on the shoulder. "I know that, jackass. I meant, I saw Leah on the news." "Oh," Seth grinned knowingly. "Right. Her 'don't tear down the community center' spotlight piece. She's been harping on about it all week." " I think she was great," I offered. " I think she sounded like a pretentious ass, but I appreciate the cause all the same." Just then, we were interrupted by a booming voice from the door to the kitchen. "Clearwater?!" It was Aston, the manager. Seth and I called him Assface behind his back. His tone meant business, though, and Seth was still on the clock, so he rolled his eyes and muttered, "I'll be right back." I watched him vanish into the kitchen, and then cast my gaze around. People-watching was one of my favorite things to do. I would sometimes sit in the park with my sketchbook and draw them, just random passers-by who caught my attention. A red-faced jogger. A harassed mother with three kids. An old man falling asleep on a bench in the afternoon sun. Sometimes, I would make up stories to go along with it – what their lives were like back home, what they did for a living, what they lay awake at night thinking of. I could spend hours doing it. My eyes landed on a girl sipping a latte and nervously glancing at her watch every five seconds. She was quite pretty. Spanish-looking. She reminded me a little of Maria, the queen bee at Constance, only she wasn't sneering. My fingers itched to draw her; the tense set of her shoulders, the way she kept chewing her bottom lip. I imagined that she was waiting for someone. A date, maybe. She didn't think he was going to show. Her eyes went wide in relief when the door opened and a tall, handsome guy sauntered in. He looked Spanish, too. I wondered if maybe I'd been wrong, if maybe he was her brother. He bounded across the packed coffee shop and scooped her up in his arms before planting a loud, enthusiastic kiss on her lips. Not her brother, then. "Eleazar, you're late," the girl said breathlessly, and he leaned down to give her an Eskimo kiss. "Got held up at work, Carmensita," he murmured. I turned my eyes away to give them a private moment. That's when the door opened, and my gaze fell on the last person I had ever expected to walk through the door of a coffee house in Brooklyn. Edward Cullen. He was instantly recognizable by his tousled bronze hair, even if he was dressed in an Armani sweater and dark jeans, instead of his St. Jude's uniform. I'd never seen him out of uniform before. Edward was part of the 'in' crowd at St. Jude's, the boys' counterpart to Constance. We shared a school building, a headmistress, a quad, and assemblies every morning, but apparently we were two different institutes. Edward Cullen was the elite of the elite, the richest of the rich. His father, Carlisle Cullen – well, everyone's heard of him. He's the most renowned plastic surgeon on the eastern seaboard. I heard a rumor once that Edward was adopted. I didn't know why, but that made me like him more, despite the fact that he was as aloof and untouchable as the others. Maybe it was because, like me, he didn't really belong in that world. Maybe we were the same. Deep, deep, deep down, that is. His eyes flashed around the room, scanning for an empty seat. He found one, at the table just to the right of where I was sitting. Casually, he strolled across the room. I observed his walk – it was laidback. Carefree. Most of the Constance girls would be clutching their Marc Jacobs purses to their chests in terror if they were in this neighborhood. Edward was… unfazed. It was odd. After a moment, he seemed to sense that I was staring at him, because his bright green eyes flickered up to meet mine. There was a question in his expression, like he recognized me, but didn't know how. I thought he'd look away, but after a second, he spoke. "Do I know you?" Unsurprisingly, I felt myself flush. "Um, no?" He nodded, but then frowned. "Wait… yeah, I do. You go to Constance." My eyebrows went up, astonished that he'd made the connection. "Yeah. I'm Alice," I offered, and then realized that he hadn't actually asked for an introduction. He didn't seem to mind, though. "Edward." He pointed at himself unnecessarily. "I know." I cringed as soon as the words were out of my mouth, but