Chapter 1 I thought it was obvious. Your gifts have appeared. This makes things much more interesting! My eyes wide, I turned to Jas, who didn't seem to realize he was emitting his emotions until he felt mine. I'm guessing that's what happened, at least, because he started again and turned to me. I couldn't help myself; I started laughing. We knew what was happening from the rainbow fog, as I would forever call it. So we weren't all that freaked out, just surprised, maybe marveling at this new part of ourselves. We'd seen Edward and Alice work their powers, but this was different. We'd had it before, but not in this life, so to experience it firsthand felt crazy. Jasper joined in my laughter, the emotions coming from him changing to a giddy sort of humor. Yeah, I thought to myself. This does make things more interesting. We calmed ourselves down, wiping tears of laughter from our eyes. I recalled all my previous experience with my gift and managed to get the shimmery layer of whatever backs into my head. Jasper calmed himself down and got a handle on his emotions, which stopped his projecting. If I remembered my stuff correctly, he actually usually could only project when he was trying to, unless his emotions got the better of him. I checked to make sure Em and Rose weren't affected, but aside from sleepy grins, they seemed too out of it to really experience anything. We sat together, thinking of the past and how to understand our gifts better. I kept going back to my past life, as I had been the closest to having everybody therefore gaining more knowledge about this weird juju. It was also the clearest; the farther back the life, the more blurry and hard to remember. I didn't exactly delve in, as that would cause unwanted side effects, but I did skim across the surface, like a collection of little thumbnails of video and sound. It was kind of cool. It was really cool. Wait. Doesn't this mean I can copy gifts if I want? Well, it depends. Ugh, here we go again. I would so ditch if I could. Anyways, you're still human, so the gift isn't as powerful. So you might not be able to do all the things you could as a vampire, or just not as well or as thoroughly. Whew, at least that one was a shorter one. But I should still try, stretch my limits, develop the power, experiment, and try it out, right? Sure, I guess. Actually, that's a good idea. If you develop it more as a human, then when you are Changed, it could make you more powerful. I'm glad you agree. But, seriously, you talk about my Changing into a vampire as if it's inevitable. Isn't there the chance that I remain human? I mean, nothing against being a vampire, but I'm perfectly happy being mortal right now. Isn't it ultimately my choice, up to me? The reality is you probably will end up a vampire, sweetie. Of course you think you're fine now, but wait until vampirism. You get a whole bunch of upgrades. I guess it is your choice, technically, but from what I know, it's your destiny to be a vampire. Especially now that you've met your friends and will meet Pete and Char again soon. Oops. Wasn't supposed to say that bit. Anyhow, it could be that you meet some hungry vamp and they Change you, in which case it'd be their choice. Who knows? Wait, did you say that I'm gonna see Pete and Char soon? When? How? What do you mean? Like I said, I wasn't supposed to tell you that part. Let's just leave it be, 'kay? I've said too much already… Fine. I'm only letting this go because I'll get it out of you eventually. No comment. But isn't that a comment? … Okay, nothing? Give me time to think of a good response, okay? Sometimes my genius takes a while to kick in. Uh-huh. Oh, don't pretend like you can always automatically think of a comeback. I live in your head, remember? I know the truth. Uh-huh. What? No! Shut up! Uh-huh. Okay, I know you're trying to annoy me, but it won't work, so shut up! Uh-huh. You know what? I'm just going to be the better person…voice…whatever I am…and step away from the situation. Metaphorically, of course. Uh-huh. Grrr. I contained a laugh. Usually Skydd was the one annoying me, now the tables were turned, I gave her a taste of her own medicine, and all that. I'd have to say it was much more fun being on this end. This was very entertaining. I might have to antagonize her more often… Don't even think about it, buddy. Uh- -And if you say uh-huh again, I will…I will…do something…sabotage you in some way with my hold over your mental faculties! Ha! Uh-huh. I heard Skydd snarl in frustration, then retreat back into my mind. Again, mental laughter. But soon, I grew curious about my gift and tried to test it out again. From what I could gather, the shimmery, vibrate-y bit was my physical shield. But what about mental? I searched my mind and came up with an interesting part of it. There was a veil, kind of, or a thin bubble. It was transparent and gossamer, but felt surprisingly sturdy. I tried my best to expand it, and while it leaped over around Jasper with little effort, I couldn't get it to grow any larger. I grew frustrated, and put that aside, deciding that I wouldn't get anywhere further with that right now. I heard Edward and Alice's footsteps start over, and frowned. The clock showed that it wasn't time for rotation yet…oh. Edward had been expanding his radius, and found that he could dim the thoughts in his head so it didn't bother him too much, but he could also tune into a specific person like a radio channel. His radius was big enough to cover the whole house now, and since he could deal with it and tried to give us as much privacy as possible, he didn't feel the need to try to shrink it. So when my shield cut Jasper's thoughts off, he must've felt the absence. While Jasper's mental voice was still quieter, Edward apparently tuned in more subconsciously since they were brothers. Mine was still silent, and now I knew why. Curiously, when Em and Rose were like this, if Edward tried to tune in to them, he'd just get some weird feedback mixed with white noise and confusing bits and pieces, as we'd discovered earlier. Poking their heads in to make sure we were alright, Edward and Alice looked relieved that we were. "Hey, sorry, it's just, Jasper's thoughts…" Eddie seemed confused and slightly worried, still. "My fault. Our gifts kicked in and I was experimenting." We'd explained our past-selves' and now our present-selves' gifts as best we could to everybody after the ordeal with James and Victoria. "Congratulations! Now Emmett has to stop calling us the Magic-kids. That was so annoying." Alice rolled her eyes at Emmett, who was still unconscious on the floor. As if on cue, his nose twitched. I stifled the urge to laugh, again unnecessarily. Huh. Am I really going to be this easily amused? Well- Don't. Just don't. That was a rhetorical question. Oh, so you're allowed to annoy me, and I'm not allowed to annoy you? Uh…yeah…I would like it that way… Too bad. I'll let it go this one time, but don't expect it in the future. I know. We spent the rest of the time waiting for our currently unconscious friends to wake up by experimenting with our individual gifts. Mostly Jasper's, and mine since they were the newest. Jasper would try to influence Alice and Eddie-boy, and I would try to block them. Sometimes, though, Jasper would subtly change their emotional states and see if they could tell the difference. He wanted to be able to make his synthetic emotions feel as natural as possible in case he needed to sneakily influence anybody in the future. It took him a few tries, but soon, he could slowly manipulate their emotions without them even knowing. Which made for some entertaining scenes. I also played a bit with my physical shield, noticing that I could make the shimmery bit disappear for more covert mojo. I could seal it close to somebody like a second skin, and even use it to lift or trap people. The latter had a weird effect on my perception, like the world was vibrating a little. Remembering that bit from my most recent life, I felt assured. That aspect was still there, although I couldn't do it as easily as I had before. I could only lift things at most only a slightly heavier than I could in real life, although it seemed people were easier than objects. It made me feel slightly woozy afterwards, and I learned not to strain myself too much or I'd exhaust myself. I didn't push myself, realizing this fairly early on. I was still left feeling the effect of lethargy, even if it wasn't too bad. It was a little after midnight when Rose started to stir, coming up slowly and looking a bit confused for a second before sitting up. She looked at Emmett lovingly, then at the rest of us. Blinking, she just kind of sat there until Emmett emerged. Unlike Rose, he sat up suddenly, eyes snapping open. They grinned at each other, kissed, then surprisingly broke apart and looked at us. "So…what's up?" Emmett grinned, before twitching, his eyes going blank. He shook himself out of it, though, and remarked, "Whoa. That whole merging-personalities thing takes some getting used to." Rose nodded. She seemed focused on keeping herself on track. I sympathized with them, remembering how my thoughts had run off in all different direction, many foreign and not what I would normally think, at all. The patterns and personalities were different. In fact, they were still a little off sometimes, another lasting effect of James and Victoria's horribleness. But Alice and Edward had merged completely and successfully, so Em and Rose should be fine, soon. We didn't get much sleep that night, filling each other in on what had happened in that period of time. Em did indeed pout at the loss of the moniker for Edward and Alice, but quickly got to work thinking of something for all four of us. That little bit of normalcy got us all more relaxed, spending the night both talking and laughing, only a little off put by the brief lapses in Rose and Em's personalities. That morning at school, we were all tired. To compensate, we were all a bit grouchier, touchy, and snarky. To put it simply, we weren't very social. Of course Lauren picked that day to make another attempt at bugging us. Which, to say the least, didn't go very well for her. Again, we were at lunch, although we weren't eating very much. Em was asleep on the table with his arm serving as a pillow, and the rest of us were not far off, although Jasper and I still tried our best to stay vigilant. Our gifts had taken a lot out of us, though, and while we made sure it didn't affect our ability to perceive immediate threats, I wasn't as aware of the entire room as I would've liked. All the same, I spotted Lauren coming as soon as she got up, groaning and putting my head in my arms. It already took a lot of my restraint not to hit her, knock her out, or kill her as is. Her seeking us out when I was particularly cross was not going to help my restraint. I calmed myself, but still found my mind slipping into a