BLOSSOM If people were seasons, he'd be summer. This will be the last time he'll listen to Bianca – ever. If he weren't allergic to one particular flower, then the place would actually be perfect. The lighting is low. The sun rarely comes up on his side of the wall. The windows are slightly small. The walls are painted a dark shade of blue, and the design is very minimalistic. His father wouldn't mind paying the monthly rent of this place, and from the looks of how his business is going, he probably wouldn't even give it a second thought. That, and Bianca is hard to resist, especially when she's being persuasive. She picked this place a month ago when Nico decided to move to New York. He's starting college in six weeks, and he wants to be closer to the campus to check it out. He's not exactly following Bianca. His sister is studying in another university. But it's nice to know that she's not that far away. Even after a year of frequently seeing her, he's still not used to her absence. However, her judgment ended up being his downfall. Turns out, a flower shop just reopened in the building. What's worse is that it's located on the first floor, and Nico's room is on the second. So, the moment the black haired teen opens his window, he gets a fresh wave of flowery goodness coming from the streets – and he ends up sneezing every few seconds. He's not allergic to all of the flowers. In fact, he actually loves one of them. He finds it rather beautiful, but he can never figure out the name. Unfortunately, he still hasn't found the one flower that's making him sick. If his allergies don't go away soon, Bianca will have to relocate him to another place where there isn't a flower shop. Nico has never been completely comfortable in a home, but the place is utterly neat. He can't bear to part ways just like that – especially not when the room comes with the new HDTV, complete with a brand new Sony game system. Where else can he play with that? Nico hears a loud from the windows. He peers out. There is a delivery truck parked below. Workers are carrying boxes of flowers and plants. Nico narrows his eyes. Every time a delivery truck is there, his allergies only get worse. To prove his point, his nose starts to get itchy, but before he can cover it with his hand, he forms a loud sneeze. He hangs his head in defeat. "Time to buy flowers again," he mutters to himself, slamming the windows close. As stupid as it is, his solution to his problem is buying a bouquet every damn day, just to find out what the hell is making him sneeze. He's already bought lilies, gardenias, daffodils, and three other flowers he can't memorize the names of. But he still has no clue as to what specific flower is affecting his health. He glances at the oriental lily on the dining table, tucked neatly inside a vase. "It looks beautiful, at least." He stares at it for a minute more. "Nah." He bangs the door as he exits. "Gloomy face is here again," Katie announces when the door opens. Will hears her from the cashier and immediately looks up from counting the change. True to her words, he sees the same young man with black hair, a startling onyx shade of eyes, and an Italian tan. The man is roaming around the area, glaring at every flower he comes across. It almost looks like the flowers are cowering under his gaze, and from the look on his face, he could have just burned the flowers right then and there. "Why do you think he buys flowers, anyway?" Will asks, smiling. The guy has been coming here everyday for the past week. He's been buying all kinds of different bouquets. If Will hadn't known any better, he would have thought the man was collecting them. And he did thought of that, until the teen blatantly shoved the flower in the trashcan right outside the store. Apparently, his hatred for flowers is horribly substantial. "Beats me." Katie shrugs, as she carries a vase of violet tulips on the counter. She elbows Will on the side. "Why don't you go talk to him and find out?" "Nah," Will replies, putting the money back in the box. "He doesn't really scream, 'I'm friendly, talk to me.' And just look at him! He looks like he wants to burn the place." The man roughly grabs a few flowers from the box and scowls when his face gets too close. Will shakes his head. "I don't even know why he's here." "Ah, but you like it, don't you?" Katie teases. "Will has a crush!" Despite his attempt to tamper down the blush forming on his cheeks, he only goes redder. "I do not have a crush on that guy. I bet he'll burn all the flowers here if he can." "Yeah, well." Katie pats Will on the back, glancing at the man walking over. "He's coming here, so I guess you have no choice." "Oh, yeah. Great. Thanks." Will ducks his head, pretending not to notice the presence of the young man in front of him. The teen clears his throat, grabbing Will's attention. Will glances up with a bright smile, taking in the other's appearance. His hair is messy, and the bags under his eyes don't really help. He looks like he hasn't slept in days. But what really jumps out at Will is the man's pink nose. Either he's planning to become Rudolph early in the summer, or he just has a stubborn cold. "Good morning! What will it be?" The man frowns, sliding a bouquet of red tulips on the counter. Will blinks. He hasn't worked in the shop for very long. His father just decided to reopen it for the summer to help Will earn some money. If he manages the shop, then he'll get a rather decent salary. Since he has nothing else to do in the summer, he agreed to the proposal. But he had absolutely no knowledge about flowers or how they work. He ended up killing them before they could even bloom. He might be a good enough doctor assistant, but he can't heal nature. Fortunately, Katie volunteered to help. They'd been selling flowers for almost a week now, and the business is pretty good. "Are you going to let me pay, or are you just going to stare at me?" The man shifts uncomfortably, glancing down. Will shakes his head, furrowing his eyebrows in confusion. "Sorry," he mutters. He grabs the tulip, checks the tag, and accepts the teen's payment. Before he offers him the change, Katie pokes him on the small of his back as she passes. She eyes him, inclining her head in the Italian's direction. Will bites his lip, pretending to busy himself. "So," he says, swallowing the nervousness in his throat, "red tulips. Are you courting someone?" The man lifts an eyebrow. "What?" he asks, his cheeks starting to turn pink. "No! Like Hades, I'd court someone." Will raises both eyebrows in surprise. "Oh," he says, trying not to sound too happy. "So, why are you buying flowers?" He accepts the change and grabs the flowers. He looks down, his expression unreadable. "No reason." Then, he leaves, the door clanging behind him. Katie suddenly appears behind his back. She places her arm on his shoulder and rests her chin. "Very smooth, Will Solace. I'm pretty sure he likes you now." Will follows the man until he turns the corner and disappears. He closes the cash register and looks at Katie with a dry smile. "Whatever." He gently shoves her hand away and walks to the storage room, his heart beating louder and louder. The cashier is not cute, he tries to convince himself once he places the tulip in another flower vase. He puts a good amount of water inside and decorates it on the coffee table. Then, he slumps on the couch, trying to ignore the strange hammering sound his heart is making. He drapes an arm over his eyes when he leans his head on the headboard. "The cashier is not cute," he says again. But he knows fully well that no matter how many times he tries to deny the fact that the cashier is very much aesthetically pleasing, his effort is futile. He's not even going to ignore it, anymore. Will Solace – Nico found that wonderful prize on the blond's nametag – has a smile that can burn forests. He's wondering how those flowers can even survive him for that long. His eyes are warm and gentle. And his hair is the color of the sunrise. Which he actually hates. He hates the heat; it makes his skin sticky. "I hate it," he says softly, groaning. "I hate it so much." He does, but that doesn't explain why he's there the next day. This time, his eyes don't go immediately to the awful flowers making his head spin. He looks directly at Will Solace, and Will Solace looks directly at him. He definitely hates it. "Are you trying to build a flower shop or something?" Bianca decided to visit him a week later. She's sitting on the couch, inspecting his flat. When she came inside, she gave everything a second look. Her confusion only started growing when she noticed that the entire place had a flower vase in every corner of the room – from the living room to the bathroom. And he's not kidding. It takes all his self-control not to bathe in flower petals. "No," Nico says firmly, sitting on the other chair. He folds his legs on the seat. "You know that there's this flower shop on the first floor, right?" "Yeah," Bianca replies hesitantly. "What about it?" Nico huffs. "Well, there's this flower that's been making me sick lately, and I'm trying to figure out what it is." She draws her eyebrows together as she surveys the room again. Realization dawns on her face. "You're buying every bouquet known to man just to find out what it is?" Nico nods. She covers her mouth with her hand, muffling a laugh. "Are you serious, Nico? That's going to take you a whole month! The flower shop will probably be close by then. Why not just ask the owner on what kind of flowers will make you allergic?" He shrugs. "I don't know anyone there." Except for the cute cashier. It's been one week since then, and he still doesn't know anything about Will Solace, except that he likes smiling at every person who comes in. The blond is always at the cash register, and he makes small talk every time Nico is buying something. But Nico can never say worth talking about, so Will is usually the one who conducts the conversation. Unfortunately, Nico leaves immediately after he buys a bouquet. "Well, that explains why you look like Santa Claus' reindeer. Seriously, Nico, just go ask someone." "I only know Will." The statement exists his mouth before he can stop himself. He blinks at Bianca, hoping she didn't hear. "Will," she repeats. "And who is this Will?" Nico shrugs again, trying to act indifferent. He swallows the lump in his throat. "No one. Just this guy who works at the cash register." "He doesn't sound like no one." "Well, he is." "Oh my gods, Nico." She gasps slightly, reaching out to touch his knee. Nico looks away, raising his collar to prevent Bianca from seeing his neck redden. "Is he cute?" He tilts his head. "I guess . . ." Bianca draws her hand away. Nico visibly relaxes, releasing a sigh of relief. Hopefully, Bianca will let it go. The gods know just how persistent she is when she has her