Tomboy101: Ok, please no one get mad at me. I know I should be working on The Nightingale's Song but I couldn't resist when this idea popped into my head. Tell me what you think and in exchange I will update my Nightingale story, I promise. Thanks! I set the last of the boxes on the already cluttered kitchen table. Sweat rolled down my back and I let out a deep sigh. I'd forgotten how muggy the air could get here in La Push after five years away. In her second floor bedroom I could hear my seven year old daughter Alivia already unpacking her toys. I smiled. Regardless of the circumstances under which my baby girl was born I love Ali with everything I have. I'd gone to college after I graduated from the La Push Tribal School so I could give her a better life. Now at the age of twenty-three I've moved back to my small hometown to reopen the book shop I'd inherited from my grandparents when they'd died two years ago. It was called Ravenwing Books and situated on the main drag in La Push. I sat down on one of the wooden chairs around the table and propped my cowboy booted feet up on another. "Momma!" Ali yelled. Well that peaceful moment didn't last long. I sighed and I set my feet back on the wooden floor with a thump. "Yeah baby?" I called as I walked over to the stairs. "Momma can you come 'ere please?" I smiled. "Coming sweetheart." I went up the stairs and took a left. The house was a small, compact two story cabin-style place with the first floor consisting of a living room, kitchen, study and half bath. The second floor was three bedrooms, two bathrooms. The master bedroom was at the end of the hall; the other two bedrooms let out into the hall across from the banister overlooking the living room and connected to each other by a bathroom. Ali's room was the one closest to the master bedroom. I walked up to the open door. Ali sat in the middle of a pile of half empty cardboard boxes on the gray carpet floor, various toys and other such items scattered all around her. Next to her, not looking all that thrilled, was our brindle pitbull-boxer mix. I bit my tongue to keep from laughing. Ali had fitted Trix with a hot pink ribbon around her neck and our loyal dog had let her. Quickly I fished my camera out of my back pocket, held it up, and snapped a picture. I've always taken pictures of anything and everything Ali does; I don't want to miss a thing. Ali made a face at me. Her mahogany hair was pulled back into a waist length braid and the fringe over her forehead fell into her expressive hazel eyes. She takes after me in the looks department with her high cheekbones, full lips, and caramel skin, classic Native American, which is good. I don't know what her rapist of a biological father looks like and I really don't want to. "Momma!" She groaned. "Alivia!" I mimicked. Ali glared. I laughed. "What's up buttercup?" Ali quickly got over her irritation and pointed gleefully at Trix. "Look Mamma! Don't Trix look pretty?" "Doesn't," I corrected automatically. Ali rolled her eyes. " Doesn't she look pretty?" I entered the room, smiling at Ali. "Trix looks gorgeous," I said as I sat down Indian style next to our dog. Trix stuck her big head in my face and licked my cheek, and not the sweet dainty lick dogs on TV give, oh no. Her fat pink tongue got me from chin to temple with copious amounts of slobber included. "Oh yuck, Trix!" Trix grinned at me, lips pulled pack and tongue lolling out happily. I wiped most of the slobber away with the long sleeve shirt as my traitorous daughter giggled madly at my misfortune. I shot her a look and her eyes went wide. "No Mamma!" she squealed trying desperately to scoot away. "Don't—" Too late. I pounced. Ali squealed and giggled, trying in vain to wriggle and squirm out of my clutches as I tickled her mercilessly. Between peals of laughter she managed to shout, "Trix! Help!" Instantly Trix jumped to her feet and barreled her way between us, using her wide shoulders and surprising strength to push me back. Planting herself firmly between Ali and me she wagged her tail nervously. I laughed. Typical Ali, use poor Trix for defense. "Alright big girl," I said, holding my hands up in peace, "alright." Trix woofed and grinned her doggy grin. Ever since we had brought Trix home from the shelter as a one-year-old two years ago she had been protecting Ali. It was amazing. I hadn't even had to train her to protect my daughter she just did. When Ali was home Trix couldn't be pulled from her side for anything which was a great comfort to me. Ali hugged Trix. "Good Trixy," she crooned as she rubbed Trix's ears. I shook my head and looked around the room. Ali's walls had been painted lavender per her request and her furniture had been set up by the movers last week, all she had left to do was put her clothes and toys away—which had yet to happen. I frowned at my daughter. "Ali," I said. Ali looked up at me with big, innocent hazel eyes. She knew that tone and thought if she turned up the cute I'd be less irritated. Not gonna work this time, sorry kiddo. "I thought you were supposed to be putting all your stuff away, not playing with your toys." Ali quickly averted her eyes. "Sorry Mamma," she muttered. "It's alright, honey, just get it done then we can go out to dinner, okay?" Ali's head shot up. "Dinner?" I nodded. "Yep," I said, popping the 'p'. "There's a diner in town and they serve Mac n' Cheese and chocolate shakes and French fries…" I don't think I've ever seen Ali move so fast. One minute she was hugging Trix, the next she was dashing around her room stuffing things into drawers. Trix watched her, turning her head this way and that to keep Ali in her sights. I smiled and shook my head. "Let me know when you're done," I called over my shoulder as I exited her room. "Yes Mamma!" Still smiling I went back downstairs to the kitchen. The majority of our worldly possessions had already been properly placed in our new house. The kitchen was organized, our massive DVD collection was already in the glass door case by the TV, and the other such knick knacks we'd collected over the years were already set out. The only thing left to do downstairs was hang up pictures, organize the kitchen, go shopping for groceries to fill our fridge—something I intended to do tomorrow—and haul the last box of my clothes up to the master bedroom. I grabbed the box I had set down earlier and took it upstairs. As I passed Ali's room I peeked in. She didn't seem to have lost any steam as she continued to unpack but Trix had gotten out of her way by jumping up onto her bed. I shook my head and went to my own room. My room had the same gray carpet as Ali's but the walls were white. My bed was a king made out of dark red wood covered in a sky blue comforter. A chest of drawers and a bookcase, both made of the same dark red wood, were pushed up against the wall on either side of a large curtain covered window and on the opposite wall a marble topped vanity area had been built into the wall next to a good sized walk-in closet with more room than I actually needed. On the other side of the vanity was another white door that lead to the bathroom. This bedroom was bigger than the room I'd had while I was going to school, a lot bigger. Back then Ali and I had lived in a small two-bedroom apartment. Now we had an entire house all to ourselves. I mean, it wasn't as spacious as the house I had grown up in with my grandparents but we had an extra bedroom in case we had guests! Not to mention Ali would go to the Tribal School starting Monday—it was now Saturday—where she wouldn't be made fun of for being the only Native kid in a hundred mile radius. Needless to say I was all kinds of excited. I set my box down next to four others at the foot of my bed and started in on unpacking all my junk. It was mostly clothes, accessories and other such fashion items, including make-up, with a few framed pictures and a lot of books. The clothes went in the closet and drawers; my accessories and make-up went to the built-in vanity, I'd organize it later; I hung or set the pictures out; and the books filled my bookcase. Two hours later I was almost done when Ali came running into my room, followed by a barking Trix. "Done!" she yelled. I was crouched next to one of my boxes and had turned on my heels when she came in only to be caught completely by surprise when I was suddenly knocked over. Ali sat triumphantly on my stomach and beamed down at me. "Gotcha!" she cried. Trix pranced around us whining. "Oh yeah?" "Yeah!" I reached up and poked Ali's ribs. She squeaked and squirmed away. "Hey! No fair! I got you!" She poked me back which made me squirm. Yes, we are both very ticklish. "Alright, alright," I held my hands up in surrender, "you got me." Ali grinned. "So you're all done unpacking?" "Ah huh." "You sure?" Ali nodded. "I guess you want food then?" Ali nodded again. "Mac n' Cheese and a chocolate shake and French fries!" "Well if we're going into town you need to get off me and get changed into some clean clothes." Ali quickly scrambled off me. I sat up with a grunt. "Go on," I said, "go get changed and I'll meet you downstairs." I watched Ali run out of my room before getting up and rooting around in my newly organized drawers for a pair of jeans and a clean shirt. I grabbed out a pair of dark jeans with white double stitching, a black lace-edged tank top and a blue and white flannel shirt. As I dressed my mind drifted back to the last time I'd been in La Push. It had been four or five years ago back when the Pack had just started growing. Oh yeah, all the Quileute legends about being descended from wolves were true and so were the ones about the treaty with a coven of Vampires. It was a closely guarded secret in the tribe, only the wolves, their Imprints, and the Elder Council knew. The only reason I was privy to such a big secret was at the time the boys started phasing I was in training to eventually take over my grandfather's position as Medicine Man, only I would have been the Medicine Woman. Of course, I was eighteen at the time, getting ready to go to college—no, my grandfather was not happy about that but as I was of legal age there wasn't shit he could do to stop me, especially since I'd just come into the trust my parents had set up for me before they died—and the mother of a two-year-old. With all that insanity going on I wanted nowhere near all the danger. Not to mention that whole Imprint situation. Granddad had told me about Claire, the two-year-old Imprinted on by Quil Ateara. No offence to Quil, I'm sure he's a really nice guy, but I'm selfish and didn't want to