A/N: Okay, so I was going to sleep a few nights ago and I decided I should write a new fic and as I contemplated what it should be I got this image of Percy and Annabeth and Nico and Will going on a double date, and I was like yes so here we are. WARNING: Okay, so this is a really strong T rating. Like really strong. So strong I almost gave in and rated it M. I'm telling you, there's really strong language and way too many sex references. Also one too many sex toys. But there's no smut or anything, just a lot of references to it. Proceed with strong caution. And if you think I should change it to M, let me know and I will. Thanks. edit: I added an extra bit to the fic because the ending was just way too rushed. Thanks to the reviewer who suggested I do so! I hope you enjoy! Nico didn't exactly know how he ended up here. Well, he did. But it was quite a long story, a story that was definitely, one hundred percent not worth retelling. Actually, it probably was. He just really didn't want to. So, okay, there was no way that Will could have known that going on a double date with Percy and Annabeth would end this way, but Nico had. Boy, had he known. Because how would such a date end besides on the side of the road in God-Only-Knows-Where, New Jersey, covered in water, paint and slime, and holding rainbow striped dildos? Well, Nico's were rainbow striped. Will had a pink and a black and Percy had two blue ones. Annabeth just looked angry. Maybe he should start at the beginning. [One Week Before] Nico was peacefully sitting with Will inside the Hades cabin on a nice early September evening. The sun was bright, the birds were singing, all the crap and whatnot. Will was telling Nico about one of the new members of the Apollo cabin, his expression and hand motions filled with excitement and Nico was probably giving him the worst heart eyes known to man. Like Supernatural levels of heart eyes. Dean and Castiel at the end of The End in season five kind of heart eyes. The really gross stuff. Anyways, Nico was perfectly content to sit in his cabin for the rest of forever, exactly like this. Will talking, Nico staring, it was absolutely perfect. So of course it had to be ruined by a loud knock on the door. Nico gave an over exaggerated eye roll, his heart eyes effectively ruined, and began to remove himself from his perch on the couch, grumbling under his breath. It was probably Jason, here to tell Nico to "use protection" or whatever and throw condoms in his face again. Nico was only fifteen, he honestly didn't know what Jason was expecting from him. Or where he got the condoms. Will smiled up at him and pulled him down for a quick peck on the lips that Nico kinda really wanted to just melt into and kiss Will for days and days but another knock sounded from the door. Nico pulled away with another over exaggerated eye roll and headed towards the door. At the door was not Jason—which Nico was really thankful about—but Percy—which Nico was not thankful about. Before Nico could say anything, Percy was sliding past him and into his cabin, not even waiting for an invite. Nico turned toward him indignantly, basically ready to gather all his strength—he wasn't gonna lie, he is pretty scrawny—and remove Percy from the room, but Percy had a grin on his face. The grin. The I'm-About-To-Ruin-Your-Life-And-Probably-Get-Us-All-Killed-But-Hey-It'll-Be-Fun-And-Make-All-Sort-Of-Memories grin. Nico's eyes widened and took that as his cue to get the fuck out and scurried towards the door, feeling only a little bad about leaving Will, because hey, every man for himself and all that, but Percy was already in front of him, closing the door and standing in front of it. Nico gulped. Percy's smile widened. "Nico, you've always been like a brother to me," Percy began. This could not be good. Not at all. Not if he was going to try and sweet talk Nico. "So?" Nico snapped. Anger was his only defense. Maybe his only way out. "So, I care about you. Like a lot. Like an older brother cares for his little brother. Which also means that I firmly do not care that I am not you're type, by the way." Percy's grin dropped slightly when he said that, but he peeked back up almost immediately. "So, as a big brother, it is my job to evaluate those who are you're type. Once again, not me. Because I am your brother. And brothers are not brothers' types." Nico did not like where this was going. He definitely did not like where this was going. In fact, he would almost rather tear apart the fabric of time at that exact moment so he could avoid the rest of what Percy was going to say. He really did not want to know. "And?" Nico asked carefully. He had to remain cautious at all times. Things were going to explode any second now. "And," Percy parroted, his grin becoming so wide it looked like his face was going to split in half, "I want you and Will to go on a double date with me and Annabeth!" Nico looked at Percy blankly. "No." Percy's smile fell. "Yes." Nico frowned. "No." Percy's eyes narrowed. "Yes." Nico fixed Percy with his best death glare. "No." Will jumped in then, seemingly realizing that this was going to go on for a while and said, "We'd love to." Nico turned his death glare on Will. He couldn't believe this. Betrayed by his own boyfriend . You couldn't trust anyone these days. Percy's grin returned, and he chuckled under his breath, muttering, "Excellent". Nico found it oddly foreboding. That was the beginning. [Five Minutes After Percy Left] "I can't believe you agreed!" Nico huffed, crossing his arms and plopping down on his bed. This was probably the worst thing to ever happen to him. Will rolled his eyes and placed a hand on Nico's shoulder. "C'mon, Nico, how bad could it be?" Nico's eyes widened and he jumped so badly he toppled off the bed. From the floor he shouted, "You jinxed it!" "What?" Will reached down to lift Nico off the floor. If Nico hadn't of been so distressed, he would've taken time to be amazed at how strong Will was and probably would've done something embarrassing like swoon. But not was not the time. "It was going to be bad before, but now you've just made it worse!" Nico explained desperately. He fisted his hands into Will's shirt. "Do you even know what you've done?" Will just looked completely perplexed, if not a little frightened, but Nico continued, "We're gonna die. That's it. This is how it's going to end. I had hoped I'd go out in a blaze of glory, but no. No. I'm gonna die from Percy accidentally launching his fork across the table and impaling me in the neck. A fork, Will. A fork! I'm going to be killed by a fork!" Nico let out a deep breath. Will still look confused, but pulled Nico into a hug anyway. He brushed his hand soothingly up and down Nico's back. "You won't be impaled by a fork, Nico," Will assured him. Nico put his head on Will's shoulder and muttered, "You don't know that." Nico was absolutely positive his gravestone would say " I told you, Will. And also, fuck you, Percy " on it. There was no other possible outcome to this. [17 Hours Before] Nico was not going to wear a tie. Will was standing in front of him, dangling an ugly ass tie and giving Nico the worst puppy dog eyes ever. Nico didn't really mind ties. Sure, he was more of a T-shirt and jeans kinda guy, but dressing up didn't really bother him. As long as he was wearing black, it didn't really matter what the article of clothing was. But this, this was not black. It was a garish green color with blue and red flowers on it, entwined with each other all over the tie. It was literally the ugliest thing that Nico had ever seen and there was no way in hell Nico was going to put it on. Absolutely none. Definitely not going to happen. "Please?" Will whined, wiggling the tie in front of Nico. His pout became more prominent and his eyes widened slightly. Nico rolled his eyes. This was not happening. He didn't care that Will was giving him basically the most adorably sad face ever. It didn't matter. Not at all. "No," Nico snapped, turning away. He shrugged on the black suit jacket that was lying on his bed. Nico didn't understand why Percy insisted they go to a fancy restaurant. They're literally a bunch of reckless teenagers, fanciness and them didn't mix very well. And also, it just felt really ridiculous. As Nico struggled to button up his jacket—the buttons were small, okay, that's not his fault, it's the friggin' suit company's fault—he felt Will's arms circle around his waist and his face burrow into his neck. "Please, Nico," Will murmured, placing kisses along his neck. Nico squirmed slightly—he had a ticklish neck—and let out a sigh. He was doomed. "I'll even let you wear the aviator jacket." "Yeah, okay," he finally agreed. He hoped his father wasn't seeing this. He would be so disappointed in him. He could feel Will's lips form a smile against his neck, and let Will jerk him around and loop the monstrosity around his neck. Alright, fine, Nico was going to wear a fucking tie. [16 Hours Before] As Nico and Will waited in the Hades cabin for Percy and Annabeth, Nico stared at Will. Like blatant staring. No, Nico was not being weird or anything, he just couldn't believe how attractive Will was in a suit. And how much he wanted to take off said suit. Nico internally smacked himself in the forehead. Not gonna happen, he chastised himself, you're fifteen. Call me again when your twenty. Okay, nineteen and a half, but that's as low as I'm going, you hormonal baby . Nico cringed when he realized his internal voice sounded just like Jason—he did not need flashbacks of The Talk Jason had given him—and Will gave him a funny look, but didn't comment, only taking a second to smile appreciatively at the godawful tie around Nico's neck. Nico wanted to be mad at that, but the smile was just too fucking cute, like what the fuck? How was this boy so cute? It made him angry. Will must have noticed Nico's frown, because he leaned over and planted a light kiss between Nico's eyes, right where his skin wrinkled when he frowned. Nico could feel a blush crawling up his cheeks and wanted to tear his hair out. This was unbelievable. Nico was a son of Hades, he should be able to withstand this... this... this... seduction! Will took Nico's face in his hands and kissed him, his thumbs brushing along Nico's cheeks as he did so. Nico was pretty sure he was going to melt, or swoon, or both, but the door burst open with a loud, "They're not going to be doing anything, Annabeth, they're practically babies!" Will pulled away, which Nico definitely didn't want, so he—embarrassingly, he might add—latched on to Will's wrists, holding them in place on his face. Percy was grinning wildly like he knew exactly what he was going to be interrupting, and Annabeth was glaring furiously at Percy, a slight blush on her cheeks. Nico dropped his hands like he had been burned and stumbled away from Will, tripping on one of the books he had strewn on the floor and