Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction that contains characters and songs written and produced by others I greatly admire. I hold no claim to either just to the plot and story line. The hyperlinks you find with in the story are meant to be listened to over the course of reading the scenes they are connected to. This is a mash up of a normal fanfiction and a song/singing fanfiction. I hope my readers great enjoy it. Magic Reincarnated By: Litha Rose Raine In a world where fairy tales and adventure stories lull our young to sleep The lost and forgotten words are often mistaken or unheeded This tale I weave is one of truth, forged in a long forgotten past A story meant to be listened, heeded, and up kept For in its words are our history, and creation of all we hold dear Now my dears, listen well For in these words hold the truth to which magic has become real Chapter One: October 31, 2016 The winds blew across the wild hills of northern Scotland as the rain belted the cloth covered figures that raced across the muddy earth towards the looming darkness spreading across the open fields below. The six warriors followed their leader without thought or regret as the seven black stallion nightmares soared over the land as if they had wings. The hood fell from the lead rider exposing a lush porcelain face with nearly glowing emerald eyes to the open storm. Her raven black hair flowed from her cloak to soak in the silvery drops of water, as it did they seemed to take on a spark and crackle of a unknown substance. This world knew nothing of what was contained inside the seven bodies racing towards the shadows. Magic was but a fairy tale to this world. A quick pull of the reigns the beautiful girl and her six hooded companions came to harsh stop atop of hill just overlooking a tatter spire and remains of an old castle down below. A movement to her left made her turn as the tallest of her guards came forward and tossed his hood back, the same raven colored locked lay plastered to his cheeks and neck, but the softly tanned skin showed vibrant blood red eyes under dark lashes as he broke the silence. "My Lady this is reckless. We should not be here, this world is not ours and we have no authority over it. I understand that the darkness is breaking the cardinal laws of magic by interfering in this world development but so are we now. We have to find a way back." He spoke as his unit nodded in agreement. "I know what is happening Sir Tom but it can't be allowed. This darkness was our problem, and we allowed it to become a new world's without remorse. My father may have allowed that but I cannot. You all have guarded me gallantly and I will always be honored about that but this is my choice not your and you should not have to suffer for it. Please go back to Aurora and be at peace." Princess Lady Harriett spoke as she snapped the reigns and galloped forward down the hills and into the vast pooling shadowy mass covering the castle remains. Tom watched with a look of horror on his face, soon the other walked to stand side by side throwing their hood back. Two other men sat atop nightmares Sir Draconis and Sir Severus, beside them were three lady knights Dame Hermione, Dame Luna, and Dame Daphne. The all head shocked and hurt looks, they had been dismissed by not only their princess but the one woman they all agreed they would love as their secret true loves. "Are we truly going to follow that order Tom, please say it is not true" Hermione, the truly studious and law abiding of them asked. Tom looked on before gripping the reigns of his mount. "We followed her here, and I will follow her through even death" he looked into the eyes of his fellows, all seemed to agree. "For the people, for this worlds future, and for the lady we loved" Tom screamed into the storm before all six kicked their mounted into gallop and entered the darkness. Within moments the darkness was littered with flashes of color and sparks flaring throughout, soon the storm was a blaze with a dome of magic the color of pearl and snow white, the darkness trapped as the dome slowly enclosed in. With a scream of anger from within the dome shattered leaving nothing but the castle remains behind and what was once there was not sealed below the ruins, and what happened to the valiant princess and her knights well… Lilly softly closed the book of legends and smiled down at her softly sleep one-year-old girl. How she loved her bed time stories. She slid the book into small trunk was the filled with clothes, toys, letters, important paper work and a ring of an unimaginable number of silver and gold keys. Tomorrow was the day they would move to a more secure safe house. As she sealed and locked the chest once more so only herself, James or Harrie could open she left closing the door. A shout caught her attention as she raced to the top of the stairs and looked down to see her husband James with his wand drawn and pointed at a figure cloaked in shadows. "Lilly take Harrie and run, he has found us!" but anything else was silenced as she watched her husband fall in a point of sickly green light. She turned and ran towards her sleeping baby, once the trunk was shrunken and slipped into her baby's night gown pocket she turned towards the door, but it was too late for there stood the shadowed figure. "Give me the child Lilly" it's voice was gravely and horse "No need to waste such a talented witch as yourself over a stupid child. It is only James's blood line I want ended." Lilly stood tall in front of crib her emerald eyes aglow with the fire of love and remorse, because she now knew she would never see her baby girl grow up. Her head turned to give one last smile towards her baby girl as the same sickly green light engulfed her and she collapsed lifeless to the floor. The shadow cackled as it approached the crib, sneering down at the body littering the floor. "Stupid woman and her ideals" with that said a wand appeared from the shadowy cloak and a blast of green headed towards the baby hitting dead on. The whimpers and struggled breathing of the dying child seemed like music to the murders ears as it seemed to flash away in a cloud of smoke. What it did not see was the seven misty cloud like tendrils of magic that curled out from a small locked trunk stored inside the baby's clothes. This mist flashed bright white before the babe was taken from the mortal world. Across the world other factors where coming into play at that exact moment and some not even from the same time line in which the spell began. The second tendril of silvery white mist broke through a small pin hole in a time gap leading to a small bedroom of an orphanage in down town London. Inside was a small boy no older than eight laying in a small bed coughing and holding his stomach curled in a ball. The winter storm outside lay ravaging the city. So many of the children of this place had fallen ill. The year was 1934 and a pneumonia epidemic had fallen on the orphanage. The sister could not afford the medicine for everyone, and the little boy baring ruby red eyes was one of the forgotten ones. He swore with in his mind that they had done it on purpose, so many thought him the child of the devil because of his eyes. His tiny boy could take no more and slowly his breathing started to stop, but before it was final the soft glow of the silver mist engulfed him in its warmth and his body slowly disappeared with it in the void of time. The third tendril, like its predecessor traveled through to the past. This time it emerged in the year 1968. The magic followed the signs through the tall elegant mansion. The walls were littered with paintings of regel witches and wizards. It stopped its movements at the bottom of an elegant stair case just as two resounding thumps where heard. For laying at the base of the stairs lay a women and young boy no older the eight. The women's eyes were wide and vacant of life, the fall being too much for her battered body to stand. The boy however lay prone, his breathing heavy and the splatter as his small frame coughed the blood filling his lungs out. His pearl black eyes stare up at the man who had beaten and killed his mother before turning on him. "Severus you are such a disappointment. How could I have fathered such a freak…like his mother. This mortal world with be better off without you two freaks in it" his father spoke before he walked from the manor and their slowly leaving lives. Severus could not speak or move much, but he slowly reached for his mother's cold hand. Which he felt instead was the warmth as his slowly darkening eye sight caught the flash of silver just once before all went black. The last four remaining tendrils that slowly danced from the truck stayed in the time frame in which they were summoned. The raced across the land in swirled speeds along the wind. The fourth entered a rather normal looking home, though the normalness seemed shattered by the broken door, the dwelling's belongings seemed in different degrees of shattered, broken, and stolen. A man and woman lay knocked out in the kitchen where the robbers had taken them by surprise. The babe that had been playing in a small crib in the living room lay bleeding from a garish head wound. Her brown locks splattered red as she whimpered and cried for her parents. The silver magic swirled around her in a comforting hug as her chocolatey eyes closed in pain. The fifth wove through the trees to a small cottage out in the middle of a vast forest. There a woman mixed, fiddled, and added small unusual ingredients into a boiling cauldron. She hummed softly to the small infant that lay nestled in a soft bed just on the other side of the room. She went back to her mixing noticing too late that something had gone terribly wrong. She raced across the room as the cauldron boiled over and an explosion was heard. The house lay in a shattered mess, the body of the woman nowhere to be found. Upon the lawn lay the body of a small infant, her skin blistered and red, unmoving but for the small tiny breaths it struggled to create. The whisper of silver magic curled around her to sooth the pain and seal the fifth bound into place. The sixth tendril made it's may north of the fifth to a large manor just outside the city limits of London. The large mansion was home to a very affluent family. The lord of the house lay snuggled into his bed while his wife slipped from the sheet with a scowl. How she hated being married off to such a lousy husband, worse yet as she looked to her body ravaged by the birth of her brat. Her beauty was scared forever because of that man and his need for an heir. She walked from the room and down the hall to an ornate nursery. The brat in question lay silently sleeping.