An image of Katniss is on the live feed to a small screen in the wall. Peeta wouldn't have agreed to leave the production booth if he couldn't keep an eye on her. She's singing some damn thing about a bridge that's falling down. It's gone on for five verses now, and I don't think it's stopping any time soon. If Plutarch is feeding this to the court, she'll be free in a day. Except that they're crazier than she is. I'm not sure the rest of us are any better. Katniss is busy trying to starve herself to death, Peeta's having long and involved conversations with himself about what's real and what's not, Haymitch is drunk (not that this is anything new), Beetee's tinkering with a wristwatch like it will make a difference to anything, and Enobaria is Enobaria, which has never been the world's best recommendation. Ironically, the only one here other than me who seems halfway sane is Annie Cresta. Odair, whatever. This is her house, or at least will be while we're all in the Capitol, and she's got it set up nice and calm. We all come here, except Peeta, who's been living in Plutarch's control room and listening to Katniss sing for a week. All of the victors... and about a dozen teenage prostitutes that she's taken in and fed and dressed in something other than their business clothes. She's teaching them to weave nets, and thinks they'll come down to District Four with her later and all become fishermen. Okay, I take it back. I'm the only sane one left. Anyway, the pros are gone for the evening. Annie believes they are actually taking food down to the shelters. And who knows? Maybe they'll stop there on the way to their actual destinations, but I guarantee they'll show up flush at the end of the night. It's just us victors. Haymitch bangs his bottle down on the table hard enough to startle Peeta into looking up for a second, then says, "All right. Let's get down to it." He points at the screen. "I don't much like Plutarch's plan, in case you haven't guessed. I've been trying to get in. Peeta's been trying to get in. Gale's been trying. Ruth Everdeen's been trying. He's bound and determined to make her as crazy as he can make her." "To get her off the assassination charge," Enobaria says. "Isn't that a good thing?" Annie nods toward the screen, where Katniss has finally finished the bridge song and moved straight on to a maudlin ballad about the plague. "Does that look like a good thing to you?" Enobaria shrugs. "What else is there to do?" Beetee asks. "I certainly don't want to see her in prison." "Justification," Peeta says vaguely, then looks back at the screen. He hums along with her. "Johanna?" Haymitch prods. I shrug. "She did shoot the bitch. With a few million witnesses." "But just the six of us to say what happened before it." "Do you think she decided to do it at the meeting?" Beetee asks. I roll my eyes at him. "No, Beetee. She missed at point blank range and accidentally shot the wrong president. Also, she really thought her sister would love to bet on a new set of Games." "I thought she meant it to be revenge for her sister." "Prim spent a lot of time looking after me while Katniss was away from Thirteen. She'd come back from the dead just to slap Katniss silly for that vote. I knew something was wrong when she said it. You did, too, didn't you Haymitch?" He nods. "I had a pretty good idea what she was up to. And if she hadn't done it, I would have. I don't know about the rest of you, but I didn't go through this whole thing just to switch from one psychopath in charge to another." "I didn't know," Peeta says softly. "I didn't notice that at all." "That's 'cause your brains are still pretty scrambled," I tell him. "She's right," Annie says. "Katniss voting for the Games matched your false memories." He nods. "I guess." "What about you?" Annie asks me. "Were you planning a secret assassination when you voted yes, too?" "Hell, no. I didn't really give a damn if she wanted to throw Snow's granddaughter in an arena. We all had to do it." I go on before she, Beetee, Haymitch, and Peeta all attack. "But I guess that probably wasn't the saintly thing to think." "No one's asking you to be a saint," Haymitch says. "And I doubt they'll be making statues of me any time soon, either." "So what are we doing here?" Enobaria asks. "Plutarch wants to get her off on an insanity defense," Haymitch says. "But I'm with Peeta. Justification. Coin walked in the room talking about how her political enemies were lined up to be executed, and reminding Katniss that at least three of you were only alive because she'd kept her side of the deal. Then she gave us a choice between killing about a million people in the Capitol or starting the damned Games again, and made it pretty clear which side her political friends would be on." "Which should have been a matter for the courts," Beetee says. "I would have gone home and put together a brief-" Enobaria lets out a snort of derision. "Yeah, that would've gone over well. Do you think she'd have had you hanged or shot?" "Shot," Peeta says suddenly. "She had people shot. Caesar Flickerman's brain landed on the camera lens. She woke me up to watch it." He blinks, the clarity fading away, and looks at the screen again. Katniss's plague ballad has reached a place where the lone survivor is standing in the ruins of someplace called Adelaide, and sees the transport waiting to fly him away. Peeta had been doing better before Katniss shot Coin, but I guess watching her murder someone made him start questioning her angelic nature again. "So," Haymitch says into the uncomfortable silence that follows this, "here's what I propose: We all agreed on it." "What?" Beetee asks, and I seriously think that his mind has not even processed what Haymitch said. "Agreed on what?" "Killing Coin," Enobaria says. "She left, and we all looked at each other and said, 'Let's kill her.' And Katniss was just the one who ended up with the arrow. Is that about it, Haymitch?" "Pretty much." "Not real," Peeta says. "I wish it had been real." "You?" I ask. "Yeah. I shouldn't have left her out there alone." "You didn't," I tell him. "You were the only one who ran up there and kept her from offing herself." I don't add that she is probably not thankful for this right now. She was, after all, screaming for Gale to shoot her, and he's pretty sure she meant it. He was going to do it, too. He told me so. He just couldn't, when it came to it. I was somewhat less than shocked by this development. Beetee is tapping his small screwdriver on the table. "I don't like this, Haymitch. You're talking about perjury. And I would not have been in on a plan to assassinate President Coin." "Perjury?" Enobaria repeats. "I saw you fry four people deliberately on national television, and you're going to scruple at perjury?" "We're not in the arena anymore. Isn't that the point here? That the arenas are gone?" "Annie?" Haymitch says. She sighs. "Finnick would do it in an instant. But... I would argue. Plutarch's plan to get her free is more likely to work, and it doesn't involve perjury. Besides, it might end up getting that poor girl some help." "And we wouldn't have to tell the world what Coin was up to," Beetee adds. "That's the point!" Haymitch thunders. "To tell people." "You need to sober up," Beetee says. "We just finished a war. If we start running around agitating against our own side, the whole thing will start up again. Baize Paylor isn't going on with Coin's policies, and she'll need a relatively calm populace if she's going to get a decent footing. If we start trying the leader of the Rebellion for war crimes just to keep Katniss safe..." He gestures with one hand to indicate that the conclusion is obvious. I shake my head. "Paylor'd be for it. She's had Gale going through Coin's papers. We only knew a little of what she was up to. Paylor wishes she'd issued arrest orders herself. Which I have no way of knowing, since it's all classified, by the way." "Exactly," Beetee says. " Arrest orders. " Annie takes a deep breath, and covers her ears. I think this is just a habit now; she doesn't seem to be listening to anyone not present. I figured losing Finnick would leave her broken, the way losing her left him. But she's pregnant, and I guess she's decided that it's time to toughen up. Of course, I've heard her say it's because Finnick's with her all the time now, so I may be overstating her mental health. "We don't have to decide tonight," she says. "Let's all think about it." "It won't work if we're not all in," Haymitch growls. "And I want to get her out of that room." He points at the screen. Katniss is now singing some kind of children's song about monkeys and weasels. Between that and screaming for Gale to shoot her, I'm sure that she'll make a fine example of modern sanity in Panem. "Can we agree not to talk about it with anyone else?" Enobaria suggests. This is a given. Matters among victors have never been for public discussion. We agree to meet tomorrow night. Haymitch gets Peeta's coat and leads him out, back to the production booth, where he'll watch the girl he loves get conspicuously crazier by the day, unless she succeeds in her clear intention to kill herself. Beetee tells Annie, "You know this is wrong, right?" then leaves when she doesn't answer. "That leaves just us girls," Enobaria says, turning up the volume on Katniss. "Shall we have a sleepover? We've already got a soundtrack for it." "Go home, Enobaria," Annie says. Enobaria goes. I start to follow, but Annie stops me. "Wait. I want to talk to you." "About this?" "No. I think we all need to think about it on our own. Or with a friend who's an exception to the no talking rule," she says, raising her eyebrow at me. I ignore this. "What then?" "Do you have room to take in some of the children?" "The... wait, you mean the... ?" I gesture at some of the questionable clothes her houseguests have left around. "Yes. This place is getting full." "Annie-" "Finnick was helping them. He sent them food when he could. He... he was one of them. That's why they came to me." "Yeah-they figured you were an easy mark, same as he was." "If you think Finnick was easily conned, you never knew him." I grind my teeth. "I knew him." "Johanna, it helps to care about something. It really does." "Yeah, I can see how much it's helping Katniss." I nod at the screen. "She's getting better." "Oh, really?" "She's remembering who she is. That's what I had to do. And I have to remember who Finnick was, too, for the baby. That's why I'm helping these kids." "I don't know what you think I can do." "Well, maybe when Gale heads for Two, he could find work for them. Real work." This is a turn of conversation I am not interested in. Annie has her tragic love story. Katniss and Peeta have their ongoing melodrama. I am not interested in joining the ranks of the victors' circle of saccharine. I prefer my relationships to border on farce, which is exactly what my friendship with Gale is. It