Part One: Prisoners Chapter 1 I stay in the shower until someone decides to cut off the water supply. Even after that, I sit there in the corner, finding bits of the soap and scrubbing at my fingernails. I imagine I can still see some of Brutus's blood there, though it's probably my own at this point. The aides in the hospital scrubbed me before they even let me come here. I don't know how long that was after they pulled me out of the arena. It was late at night when we landed on the roof of the Training Center. After that, there was time in the victors' hospital. I had a few minor wounds. I was cleaned. I think there was a Peacekeeper shouting questions at me, but I couldn't think. There was a fire. I already knew it, though I'd only seen it once at that point. I wanted my father. I remember asking for my father and the Peacekeeper said something awful, and I struck out at him, then there was pain in my head and things went blank for a while. I think it was sunset again when they pulled me through the door of our apartment, because I got a glimpse out the window toward the lake, and it seemed to be on fire, and I thought again of District Twelve, of my family, of everything I ever knew. Vanished. Has it been a day? It's possible that it's been a day. I've taken four showers, giving the hot water time to come back in between, and the sky outside the windows is dark, though the apartment is lit by firelight and flickering videos of blood and horror. I think about Brutus's blood on my skin, and I grasp at the taps, trying to force them to start running again, so I can scrub my hands a little more. I know it's crazy. It's okay that it's crazy. I murdered someone. I think that pretty much means I'm crazy anyway. And it's better than looking at the small, waterproof screen that's set at the top of the shower. In the past, this has projected information about the various bath products available to me. Now, it's showing firebombs falling on District Twelve. It's on a constant loop. It doesn't respond to any commands. I have seen my brother Ed and my father set on fire a dozen times. I've seen my brother Jonadab and my sister-in-law running madly from the square, Sarey carrying my niece in her arms. A building falls and they are engulfed. My mother is frozen on the steps of the bakery when a second bomb lands in front of it. She doesn't have time to burn. She is just gone when the flames clear. There is a charred thing on the ground which I have so far been able to not look at directly. I try not to see it all in my head. The images in my head are much clearer than the videos. It all happened while I was on a transport, breathing through a mask. I was confused. I remembered calling to Katniss and hearing her call my name, and I remembered the sky above me turning to fire. I felt the electricity of the lightning storm, but I wasn't hit. My arm was out of joint from the Peacekeeper grabbing it and dragging me up into the transport, but I was counting myself lucky. Johanna Mason was shackled to the wall, and someone had knocked her unconscious. Her arm was bleeding, and no one had bandaged it. I tried to, but they pushed me back roughly and pointed a gun at me. Johanna managed to come to for a minute at the noise. She shook her head at me, then passed out again. Then the broadcast came on, and I saw it all for the first time. The bombs falling. Snow saying it was retaliation for Haymitch and Katniss's treason. I didn't see everything in that first viewing. It wasn't the one that was tailor-made for me, clipped together carefully from bits of Games production footage (before their production center was incinerated, of course). They must have had cameras on my family, trying to get interviews about the confusing, fiery end of the Quell. There's also security footage from the hovercraft. I can't remember that first reel now, not without all of the grotesqueries they added for my benefit. I sit on the floor of the shower until my skin and hair are dry, then pull myself out. Every part of me hurts. My arms are stiff from the fight with Brutus, my shoulder on fire from the repaired dislocation. My throat is sore from all the screaming. My head throbs. My natural leg is scratched; I don't even know when I did that. My artificial leg is sending weird little signals up the thigh it's attached to, like it's being bitten by rodents too tiny to see. Over the last year, I've gotten at least a little bit used to the way my brain tries to interpret the foreign signals the leg sends up my nerves, but this one is new. I don't know what the leg thinks happened to it. I wonder if they are going to take it away. It's arguably Capitol property. I hate it, but I don't know how I'm supposed to go around without it. I doubt they'd give me a peg to replace it. A crutch, maybe. I could learn to balance on a crutch. It's my stupid hand side, so maybe I'd even be able to stand at an easel and paint, though I'm not sure how I'd hold a palette. For a long time, I don't bother getting dressed. I lurch to my bed and lie down. On the screen, Jonadab looks back and forth between Dad and Sarey, and Dad yells, "Go!" I can't hear him, because by this point, the power in Twelve is off and the feed is coming from the bombers, but I know what he's saying. It's what I would say, though it doesn't do Jonadab any good when he finally goes with Sarey. Every now and then, there is a flicker in the picture, and a frame or two of Katniss aiming her arrow at the forcefield. I'm probably not supposed to be actually registering this. Delly Cartwright and I read a story once in literature class about someone who started to believe crazy things because of images he didn't even realize he was seeing. It made sense to Delly, but I didn't understand it. "That's because you see everything," Dad told me that night. "You always did. I don't know if that's something to be thankful for." I don't know what he meant by that. I feel like there are a lot of things I don't see, and a lot of things I see wrong. I was sure that when Katniss saw the picture of Gale that she'd understand that she didn't owe me anything, that she could go on living. That I wanted her to. Instead, she was suddenly in my arms, and I felt like I was her whole world, something I never thought I'd feel. I don't know what I see there anymore. I thought I saw her loving me last year, but it turned out to be nothing but a ruse. I don't know if it's different now. It feels different. But that was before I was a murderer. There's that to remember. If she loves me, she loves the me who she was so sure wasn't a killer. I didn't see that in myself either. I paid lip service to the idea that I'd kill if it came down to it - aren't we all just men of the world? - but I envisioned it as a last ditch attempt to save my life or hers, or a time when I had no choice, like with Kersey Green from Eight last year, when she was dying in agony and I helped her escape it. I didn't see myself just grabbing Brutus from behind and slitting his throat. I didn't see that at all. But I guess Dad's right - he was right - about seeing little physical things like this. I always used to finish first when the teacher handed out games where we were supposed to spot the differences between two pictures. Sometimes I found ones that weren't on her list. Katniss was amazed at how accurate the paintings I did of the arena were. I was frustrated that I only got about half of what I remember. So I see the little glimpses of Katniss raising her bow in the middle of my family's deaths. I register them as consciously as I register anything else I see. The message is clear enough: Katniss Everdeen killed your family. I'm not supposed to realize that it's hidden there. It's a wasted message. I know why they burned District Twelve and killed my family. It's because there's a rebellion. There's a rebellion because Katniss held up a handful of poison berries. Which she did because she decided to save my life. If I'd died like I was supposed to, no rebellion. My family would be alive and as crazy as usual. Katniss most likely would have won the Games anyway, once they sent her the burn ointment and she got the bow from Glimmer. After that, I didn't do her any good. Cato should have killed me, and then she'd have been free to win the Games in whichever way made sense to her. No rebellion. No burning of District Twelve. But here I am. Even now, still alive. I have no idea why. I pull on a pair of shorts. It's all I have the energy for, but I know I'm on camera somewhere, and I've had enough of people looking at me. I go out to the living room and pour a cup of tea, which I set down and forget about. The tape loop starts again, and I see my brother Ed in the stocks. He is watching the area where I know the big screen is set up. He looks disgusted. So does my father, who is standing beside him. In a few minutes, Katniss will blow out the forcefield, which means that they must have just watched me murder Brutus. In the distance, tinny and mad, I hear myself screaming. In another shot, my mother covers her eyes. My sister-in-law looks terrified, and holds the baby close to her. The Games microphones are still on them, and Jonadab whispers, Come out of it, Peeta, you had to do it. Back at the stocks, Ed is shaking his head in negation. I hear my father sigh, Oh, Peeta. His voice is full of pain and disappointment and love. He always called me his "good son." He loved all of us, and was proud of us for different reasons. He was proud of me for being good. And I've just murdered a man in front of him. It is the last thing he will ever see me do. Brutus hadn't even turned on me yet. He would have, and he probably would have killed me if he had, but I didn't even try to get away. All I could think was that he was slowing me down, that I had to get back to the rendezvous point and find Katniss. And that he'd said I was nothing and I could never have won the Games on my own, which didn't hurt any less than it did when my mother said it. And that he'd killed Chaff, of course. Chaff, who was Haymitch's friend, who'd just spoken to me in my mentor's voice, ordering me to leave. Who'd taken on Brutus to give me time. My knife was in my hand. I should have thrown it away. I should have thrown it into the jungle