"I've got a piece of advice for you," Haymitch says, going to the window and looking after Katniss as she runs toward her house. Apparently, leaving through the front door wasn't showy enough. "Are you listening?" "Don't tell me," I say. "'Stay alive.' You already gave me that advice." "Which is why it's not what I'm telling you now. I'm telling you this because I actually like you, for some reason." I roll my eyes. "What is it?" "Get over it." "What?" He points at the window. I can see Katniss at her door now, disappearing inside. "Get over it. This thing. For someone who was willing to die for her six months ago, you don't seem real willing to actually deal with her." I consider arguing with him. Katniss is the one not dealing with me. She was the one who lied about how she felt. But it's not worth it. Haymitch may like me. I think he might even love me a little, as much as he's capable of loving anyone. But if Haymitch were a sixteen year old girl, he'd probably be Katniss Everdeen. Which means he always thinks she's right. I shove the bread at him across the table-I've been trying to make sure he consumes something other than white liquor-and leave without saying anything else. He can clean himself up for the cameras. I wonder if they'll send him his own prep team. Probably not. He'll likely share mine, since my prep doesn't take as long as Katniss's. Some shaving, a little polishing, and a shot. At least I assume there will be a shot. There was last time. They said it was to keep my beard from growing in. Dad guesses it has other effects, and I kind of think he's right. Then they're free to try and make something of Haymitch. I head over to my house, walking slowly because I still haven't quite gotten the feel for the leg they wired up to my nerves. One foot feels cold like it always did; the other sends messages to my brain that it's tingling, like it's caught in a mild electrical field. It doesn't always catch the lay of the land, either, and I've taken more than one spill when I'm not on flat ground. Still, it's pretty impressive, and I don't need the cane anymore. They blended the plastic with my skin tone pretty well, and from a distance, I look like I still have a whole body. It feels, it twitches. The foot is even ticklish. I hate it. When I get home, my brother Jonadab is there with his wife, Sarey, who is so pregnant that she's uncomfortable to look at. She has occupied herself with decorating my dining room for the cameras-her parents keep a restaurant, and she knows what people will want to see. Mom, Dad, and Edder haven't come yet, but they'll be expected to be here for the reporters. They put on a pretty good show themselves. I've seen the interviews. In fact, when I first got back, I watched the highlight reels Effie sent us almost obsessively. There's more in them than they showed us on the stage. All of the home interviews, training footage... all there. Katniss refused to have anything to do with watching it, so I saw it alone. I saw her. I saw her take pity on me, and then I saw the way she started playing the game. It was my fault, I guess, starting it in front of the cameras. I've stopped watching now. Instead, I paint. I pull the images out of my head and put them on canvas and try to see where my mind went so wrong that I started to believe it all. Jonadab is arranging the canvases in my studio when I get there. He and Edder and I took the attic apart and built it into a serious art studio (Mom and Dad did the kitchen, which Dad says he's jealous of). When we took out the walls, we found a few bugs, and accidentally destroyed them. Since the Capitol doesn't admit that they bug houses in the Victors' Village, and they couldn't do anything about replacing them without sending in very conspicuous crews, the studio has been left alone. I spend most of my time in it now. I paid for almost everything here, but when I got back from the Games, I found a wooden paint box waiting-nothing special, with just the basics in it. Mom, who watches every coin with a jealous eye, had bought it for me at the height of the Games, when everyone sane thought I was as good as dead. That was why Dad had forgiven her the thing she said at the justice building-telling me that I wouldn't win, and Katniss was the survivor. That's why I forgave her, too. It's still not easy, and we get on one another's nerves, but we're working on it. So are Mom and Dad. "You know they'll want to see the Katniss pictures," Jonadab says, moving a canvas into a collection he's made at the front of the room. "At least some of them-how many did you paint, anyway?" I blink and look around the room, and suddenly, I realize that she's everywhere. Looking at me from my own canvases, gray eyes wide and... something. I should get rid of some of these. Let everyone see that I'm no more in love with her than she is with me. That it was all a game. "Just pick a few of the good ones," I say. "They're all good, Peeta." "I think they'll all get the idea that this is still going on. How stupid is that? We're sixteen. Why would anyone think it would last? Even if she did actually care about me." Jonadab raises his eyebrow. He and Sarey have been together since they were fifteen. But he doesn't say that. Instead he says, "Peeta, you're an idiot." "What?" "You heard me. You're an idiot. I'm tired of this wounded routine. That girl saved your life often enough that I lost count. And anyone who saves my baby brother's life is permanently in my good books, no matter what he's trying to convince himself he doesn't feel about her." "Thanks for the wisdom," I mutter, and look for canvases that don't have Katniss on them. "You know they're not going to let you drop it. Even if you actually wanted to." "I do want to." Jonadab doesn't even bother arguing with me about this. Instead, he lines up a series of my canvases. She is in trees, in the cave, hunting, holding out the nightlock berries. There is one that isn't from the Games, an attempt I made to paint her that long-ago day in the rain, eyes like the gray clouds in the sky itself turning to look at me. She remembers that day because of the bread. I never thought much about the bread. But I do remember that, when she looked at me, I had a sense that she actually saw me, which, weird as it sounds, made me feel closer to her than I felt to most of the people I saw and talked to every day in school. Or at home. I felt like that girl understood me. I realize now that this was insane. She didn't know me. I still think she doesn't. I don't think the painting is very good, but it was the best I could do. And there's something about her the eyes. They're almost right, almost what I see when I dream. Finally, Jonadab places a series of paintings I did not make from memory, but from the tapes. These will definitely be removed before Haymitch or Katniss sees them, as both of them think I'm crazy for having watched. They show her pounding on the window, screaming my name as I'm taken to surgery. I watched that a lot at first. I still don't understand it. I don't think she even knew they were filming her. "I don't know whether she's in love with your or not," Jonadab says, "but don't you dare say she doesn't care about you." "I think I'm a little closer to this than you are." "And I think you lost your mind along with your leg if you don't know that this girl is your friend. Your real friend, not just one of those people you can charm for a few days and forget about later." My mind flashes back to the arena, to chatting up Glimmer, talking sports with Marvel, even trading a quip or two with Cato. The girl from Four was Charlotte, but after a mishap with the cooking fire, we called her Char-Broil. Even Clove, once she got over the humiliation of being disarmed at the Cornucopia (well... sort of got over it), could laugh now and then. Jonadab's wrong if he thinks I forget about people. But truthfully, if things had gone the way they usually do in the Hunger Games, they'd have kept laughing while they killed me and each other. Katniss, on the other hand, who I never saw laughing until we had some fun at Effie Trinket's expense, risked her life to find me, take care of me, get my medicine, and stay with me. There are a lot of people I get along with-I've always found that easy-but most of them come and go without any of us being changed by it. I was changed by Katniss. I'm just not sure it was for the better. And I have no idea if she changed at all. I don't actually know her. I shrug. "It's not my friend she was pretending to be." Jonadab smacks the back of my head, the way he used to when we were little, and says, "No, it's your friend she was actually being, puff-brain. So return the favor, and stop acting like Mom sniffing Dad's overcoat for imaginary perfume." "I'm pretty sure it's not imaginary." "She's also not your wife." Jonadab shrugs and reaches for another set of paintings. "Give her a break. I spent some time with her sister during the Games, you know-Prim says Katniss always said she was never going to have a boyfriend. Now she's got two of you, and both of you have definite ideas that she might not share, and that don't match each other. So give her some space. You owe her that." "And what does Gale owe her?" "Gale has his own brothers to knock sense into him. He's not my business." There's no time to discuss brotherly duties any further, because the Victors' Village is suddenly filled with cars. A long convoy approaches Katniss's house, and a smaller one parks in front of mine. Katniss's prep team rushes into her house, looking like doctors on their way to an accident scene. I can see Cinna and Portia, hanging back by a long truck that I assume contains our costumes. My prep team is disembarking out front. I sigh, and head downstairs to let them in. Claudia, my hair stylist, leads the way, grinning broadly. "Peeta! Oh, you wouldn't believe it..." And she launches into a tale about boys in the Capitol coming to her to get their hair done like mine. Apparently, they think she personally created every curl. "I didn't, of course, but I remember every curl, so I can give it to them. It's quite the rage!" By the time she's finished, I've been manhandled into the bathroom and stripped down. Sergius, who seems to be in sole charge of the condition of my skin, tuts at the seam mark where the artificial leg joins the real one, and suggests getting skin grafts stretched over the whole works, but Valentine shushes him and says, "No one is going to be seeing that seam anyway. Maybe when it's warm." She examines it. "Yes, when it's warm. I