Part One: Nightmares Chapter 1 There's a golden mean about drinking, somewhere between the place where it numbs you down enough to think through the nightmares and the place where you get too numb to think at all. Sometimes, I can find it for days in a row. Then the line moves without any warning, and I have to find it all over again. And sometimes, I don't care about it. Sometimes, I don't want to think. Sometimes it's better to just be numb. I stayed sober for weeks after the last Games. It didn't make any difference, and too many things started coming into my head. It takes a lot more liquor than it once did to make me numb, but what the hell? I can afford it. There is not enough liquor on the planet to deal with Effie Trinket today, not the way she is now. Frankly, if there's a good reason to drink, it's the way she is now. The bright, decent, pretty girl that came to my door almost sixteen years ago has been entirely buried under the painted up, hyperactive, strident robot that's standing there now, blinking in the morning sun and wrinkling her nose at the smell of my house. When I'm sober, I make up elaborate games of make believe, about how she's really still in there someplace, and I can still see her under the façade. I'm a little more honest with myself drunk. It's my fault. I know it's my fault. But that doesn't make it any easier to deal with her like this. " Hay mitch!" she screeches, pushing her way into the kitchen without asking. "Oh, no, this won't do, we can't film in here! It's a dis as ter!" "I didn't invite anyone to film in here," I tell her, and reach for another bottle. She grabs it before I can and sweeps it out of the way. "There's been quite enough of that. We'll get you sobered up and do your interviews on the train. Obviously, we can't shoot them here." Her eyebrows draw together, an action which causes her nostrils to flare in order to balance it. "Really, Haymitch, you knew the reporters were coming. You knew that. It's a Quarter Quell this year, and you're the only Quell victor we have." "Lucky me," I mutter. "But isn't this the Victory Tour? Shouldn't the cameras all be pointing at our happy little couple next door?" "We have to reintroduce you to the viewing public." "Oh, they remember me. You were the one who said they'd remember me, remember?" This causes a moment's confusion to cross her face. She has her own golden mean these days, and she's obviously been tending to it as diligently as I have. She shakes it off. "They remember you for groping me and passing out into the audience at the Reaping." "That's just you, sweetheart. Everyone else remembers that I mentored two tributes who both got out of the arena a few months ago. You're the one fixating on being groped." "They remember Peeta and Katniss winning. They'd have applauded anyone who walked out on that stage with them. If you show up on television looking like you just crawled out of a gutter and are looking for a way back in, they'll forget everything else." She purses her lips, then signals to Peeta's prep team. "See what you can do with him. I'll..." She looks around my kitchen distastefully. "I'll call ahead to the train and make sure there's a lot of coffee." She walks off, her heels clicking importantly, her hips swaying sharply side to side like a very attractive metronome. I watch her walking until she actually disappears into the kitchen to start her compulsive "straightening up." Claudia, Peeta's hair stylist, wrinkles her nose at my hair, then decisively marches us all upstairs to the bathroom, where she tells me to strip. I have not missed this about my own prep team. Walking around naked in front of judgmental strangers isn't one of the highlights of my life. I know that they're not going to let me alone, though, so I put up with it. I've spent the better part of the last twenty-five years as a public figure, but this year's going to be different. The kids are more popular than I ever was, but I'm their mentor, and that's going to mean being in front of the cameras to talk them up and tell everyone stories like I'm some irascible uncle. If Snow allows that much. It looks like Effie is assuming that he will. The skin guy, Sergius, starts scrubbing me down. There's another woman, too, Valentine. She's a medic, and I can see that she's got a syringe in a case. I know that syringe. I guess they've decided to add it to the Victory Tour festivities since my tenure. Maybe it's because of my tenure. Anything's possible. "Don't even think about it," I tell her. "What?" "That shot? That's not happening. I'm not a horny seventeen year old, and no one's filming me that closely. So you can keep your hormones in their needle." She gives me a frustrated look, and puts the case down. "Fine. It's not like you've needed it for a while. The booze seems to be working just fine for keeping you out of that kind of trouble these days." "Hey!" She shrugs. "It wasn't for you, anyway. It's empty. We came straight over from Peeta's." Sergius finally manages to brush off a layer of my skin, then dumps me unceremoniously into the bathtub. He starts fussing at my nails while Claudia washes my hair within an inch of its life. "Don't tell me," I say. "Time for a haircut?" "Just a little one," she says. "People like you rakish. We have to make you look like you don't bother with your hair." "That could be accomplished by not bothering with my hair," I try. "Not if we want to avoid turning the stomachs of the Capitol and most of the Districts. I bet they even wrinkle their noses out here." She's not wrong, but I don't confirm her guess. I've gotten used to wrinkled noses over the years. I give up and let the preps do their business. Valentine gets rid of the hormone syringe and comes back with some pills roughly the size of my thumbnails. "These'll get you sober enough to handle reporters," she says. "I'll see what else we can do for the rest of the tour." "I thought they decided I couldn't have my pills without a constant doctor's supervision. Did they change that to include a medic?" She shakes her head. "These aren't the neural blockers you used to be on. These are new, over the counter, for the party crowd. Instant de-tox. Almost instant, anyway. They absorb toxins already in your bloodstream to sober you up quickly. You could even drink with them. You just won't get drunk." She must see me looking a little disturbed, because she quickly adds, "They also have some of the same chemicals that your brain is looking for when you crave a drink, so you shouldn't go into withdrawal." I start to argue, but decide that it might not be a terrible idea. It's been hard finding the golden mean just lately, and this isn't a great time to get loose-lipped. It could get me in trouble, which doesn't bother me that much. It could also get Katniss and Peeta in trouble, and that does. "Fine," I grumble, and chew the chalky-tasting tablets. The bath is the longest I've had since I was a tribute myself. That first one was unpleasant. My own team scrubbed me nearly raw trying to get the coal dust out of every crevice in my body, some of it in places that weren't too comfortable for scrubbing. Later on, during interview prep, someone else took charge of my teeth, and pulled three of them, replacing them with false teeth that I still have. My mentor, Albinus Drake, looked at me like I was lower than dirt, even after the scrubbing. Of course, that year, Drake looked at everyone like dirt, though he thought Maysilee was particularly attractive dirt. To add insult to injury, our stylist immediately decided to artfully re-apply the coal dust for the tribute parade. They've done this almost every year - Effie's first year, the only way she could rescue the kids from being completely naked was by entirely covering them in the stuff - and it's never struck me as anything other than stupid. Even in District Twelve, we've managed to master the art of washing our faces after work. Peeta's team finally finishes with me, leaving me naked in my bathroom while they scrounge for clean underwear outside. I wish them luck. Effie, as usual, saves the day. She has lived through fifteen of the last twenty-four Games with me - no, sixteen; seventeen if I count the year she spent on the prep team - and knows what to expect. She's probably the closest thing I have to an actual friend outside the circle of other victors, which only makes her more irritating on days like this, when it feels like someone has switched on an old subroutine that allows her to access the time when we were close, but doesn't actually let her feel it. She goes out to the car she came in and comes back with a garment bag and box full of new underwear. She hands all of it to me without comment, though she does give a disapproving look to my expanding waistline. "Who evaluates you, sweetheart?" I ask. "The entire nation of Panem," she says. "I try to be prepared for it." With that, she swishes away, and I get dressed. The suit Effie brought has Cinna's label, but it's not one of his more remarkable pieces. Fits like a glove, though. I run my hands through the pockets for messages - Finnick was supposed to send him something coded with a suit order - but don't find anything. Effie comes in to inspect me. She doesn't look pleased, exactly, but she seems satisfied. "If I leave you alone for a few minutes, will you promise not to get drunk or wreck your clothes?" "If you promise not to send in the scrub-patrol again." "It's a deal," she says. "I'm going to go over to Katniss's and make sure she's not running late. I know she and Cinna get to talking!" It occurs to me to tell her to have Katniss lay it on thick with Peeta. I can trust him to sell their love for each other, even now when they've been frigid with each other for months, but she's a different story. She may need to be reminded about a few facts of life. The Capitol wants her in love with Peeta. No... they want her infatuated with him. The way Katniss actually loves people will be of little interest to them, as it tends to be very practical. She'll be safe as long as she can sell it... and not just from the political fallout. As long as her great interest to the audience is her maudlin love for Peeta Mellark, they won't tolerate either of them suddenly being seen all over the Capitol with new lovers. Snow knows this. He can't spoil their image any more than she can without fanning the idea that she was making a political statement with those berries. I hope it gives him ulcers, thinking about all the deals he can't make. And if I even suspect that he's trying to find a way out of his dilemma, I'll assassinate him. I'm not sure when I made that decision, exactly, but I'll happily toss Plutarch's negotiations and schedules in the trash if I so much as smell Snow's cronies near either one of the kids. I'm pretty sure Finnick