Part One: Mandatory Viewing Chapter One Late night viewing of the Hunger Games isn't mandatory, but it's available and it plays constantly in the square, though the volume is turned down somewhat. I can see the light flickering through my front window every night, and, if I twist around just right, I could actually watch from my room if I wanted to. I don't. If things are bad enough to be watching through the night, I don't want to be alone for it. Instead, when my parents and my brother go to sleep, I get dressed again and slip outside. The square is more crowded than it has been for a couple of days. After the explosion this afternoon, they're down to eight tributes, and Peeta and Katniss are still among them. That means that the reporters are back on the trains now, rushing out to interview us. While there's still time. Because as of now, Peeta is delirious with fever, lying in a mud bank by a wide creek. Katniss is curled up in the leaves, bleeding from her ear, oblivious to everything around her. The other six are engaged in little more interesting than napping, though little Rue from District Eleven, who's allied with Katniss - smart girl - is searching for her desperately. Every now and then, they cut to her, singing her song to the birds. The boy from One, Marvel, has set several noise traps, but she sees them and steers clear of them. Earlier, he climbed a tree and secured something in it, but either the Gamemakers don't know what it is, or they're saving it for one of their rancid "surprises." Most of the programming is recaps and analysis at this point. After the first night, the Capitol tries to make sure nothing much happens at night, while citizens are asleep. There's filler coverage from time to time. Tonight, it's mostly about the Capitol Games parties, where the fan clubs for the various tributes celebrate their favorites. Katniss's fan club seems to be eagerly awaiting a reunion with Peeta. Peeta's fans are more subdued, but one girl is speculating that he's faking his illness, and means to suddenly emerge like an avenging hero. She has helpfully made a cartoon about it. It's terrible. Every now and then, they show the mentors. Haymitch seems to be meeting with a lot of people. Mr. Mellark says that he's actually a very good mentor, no matter what the district thinks. I hope he's right. "Delly?" I look up at the sound of my name, and find Primrose Everdeen sitting alone on a bench. She is watching the screen with wide eyes. She's been there since this afternoon, when Katniss fired an arrow into a sack of apples and blew up most of the supplies the Careers had been hoarding. "Any news?" I ask her. She shakes her head. "I don't think Katniss can hear at all. The birds have been close enough that she should have woken up, but she didn't even turn." Prim bites her lip. "Maybe it's just ringing. Sometimes we have miners come in after explosions, and their ears are ringing. It passes." She doesn't look hopeful. I budge her over a little and sit down beside her. I don't have anything comforting to say. The blood doesn't look good. "But no one's near her?" Prim shakes her head. "They were way out in the woods looking for her." She quiets as the screen switches away from the commentators and back to the arena. Rue has climbed a tree beside the lake and is squinting into the darkness. She moves along a branch and climbs to another tree, further into the forest. "No, stay," Prim says to her, miserably. "You're almost there." But Rue can't hear Prim any more than Katniss can hear Rue. She unknowingly moves back toward the Careers' night camp, where the crazy girl from Two is on guard, sharpening her knives on a flat stone while the two boys sleep. They quickly show the others. The redheaded girl from Five - Finch - who, like Katniss, has been sleeping in trees, is warily awake, looking down into the grassy valley. The boy from Eleven, the huge one called Thresh, has fallen asleep beside a trap he's made for anyone who thinks of coming after him. And then there's Peeta. His eyes are open in the moonlight - the camera catches the glint of them - but he isn't awake in any meaningful sense. He's muttering something that might be either "Katniss" or "Kill me." No one responds to either. I am waiting for the blow to fall. That is why I can't sleep. I don't want to be sleeping comfortably, then wake up to find out that my best friend, a boy I used to pretend was my brother, died alone in the mud overnight. I'd never go to sleep again. "He needs medicine," Prim says. "Mom says he'll need antibiotics. And someone to give them to him. Do you think Katniss will find him?" I don't answer this, either. We both know that one of us, at least, is going to end this in mourning. Instead, I say, "How much would it be, do you think?" "More than we can get." Prim looks anxiously at the screen again. "Mr. Mellark said he'd mortgage the bakery to sponsor Peeta and get him his medicine - on the sponsor boards, you know?" She nods toward the booths, hardly ever used, where people can communicate from the Districts to the mentors about sponsorship. District Twelve's are usually pretty pristine, but this year, they've managed to get a little bit together. For Katniss. Prim sighs. "But Haymitch said that what he could get wouldn't cover half of it. I was there when he called." I frown. "Why?" "I found the right medicine in a Capitol magazine. He wanted me there in case he read it wrong. He didn't." "I mean, you've been spending a lot of time with the Mellarks." "I just… I feel better when we're all together in this. Don't you?" "Yeah. I guess so." "Anyway, Haymitch told him that it wouldn't matter if he sold the bakery. The truth is, you could probably sell all of District Twelve, and they'd make sure it wasn't enough." "Haymitch got medicine for Katniss. Maybe - " Prim shakes her head. "The burn ointment is cheaper than what Peeta needs. I've been watching the boards. It was expensive, but not that expensive." What she doesn't add, but we both acknowledge, is that Haymitch has seemed more interested in helping Katniss than helping Peeta. I hope this is because it's what Peeta asked him to do. The commentators return to the screen, after thoughtfully watching the live feed of the Tributes. Claudius Templesmith, who must sleep less than I do lately, says again, "There you have them. Our final eight tributes. Two from District Two, two from District Eleven, and two from District Twelve... very unusual, wouldn't you say?" The skinny announcer who helps with the graveyard shift tells him nervously that so much of the final pool being made up of outlying districts - not to mention in intact district teams - is, indeed, unusual, and suggests that we in Eleven and Twelve must be beside ourselves with excitement. Then they go into another recap of the romance angle that Peeta has been using. The Capitol is eating it up. Capitol citizens at late night viewing parties are interviewed, and all gush about Peeta's true love, and how they hope Katniss will realize her true feelings... which have so far been expressed by dropping a tracker jacker nest on him, but that doesn't seem to stop the speculation. A few women express a hope that Katniss will become pregnant (presumably sometime after her ear stops bleeding and Peeta manages to wake up from a near coma). "Then if she lives, it could be like they both lived!" Claudius reminds the audience that, unfortunately, certain things are medically prevented inside the arena. "I'm sure that's exactly what they're trying to prevent," someone says bitterly behind me. I turn to find Mr. Mellark, looking exhausted, carrying his valise. He has been staying with his oldest son Jonadab since the first wave of reporters left. There was no screaming fight, and he goes in to the bakery every day for business, but he and Mrs. Mellark aren't speaking. Of course, only their closest neighbors and their sons would notice the difference. Edder says it's because Mrs. Mellark said something bad to Peeta on his way out of town. Edder's opinion is that his father is overreacting ("as usual - she probably didn't mean it in a bad way"), but he won't tell me what she's supposed to have said, which tells me that it had to be pretty bad. From what I can tell, Jonadab isn't speaking to his mother, either. Prim gives him a sad smile, and he returns it. She says, "No news, Mr. Mellark." He nods. "No news is good news. The reporters will be coming back tomorrow." The bakery door opens and Mrs. Mellark comes out, dressed in her nightgown and bathrobe, a night-wrap around her hair. She stands quietly on the porch, with her eyes cast down, then takes a deep breath and comes down to stand beside her husband. "You're coming back?" "They'll want to know how he became such a romantic," Mr. Mellark says, not paying attention to Prim and me. "So you and I are putting on a good show." With that, he goes into the bakery. Mrs. Mellark stays with us for a few minutes, not talking, then slowly unwinds the wrap from her hair and lets it fall loose in the pretty blond curls she passed on to Peeta (which are the bane of his existence). She takes a deep breath and goes inside after her husband. Prim and I don't know what to say to each other after this, so we just watch the huge screen for a while. Rue eventually gives up her search for Katniss and curls up in the branches of a tree. Everyone falls asleep, including Prim, who leans against my shoulder, looking young and pale. I wake her and start walking her back to the Seam, but halfway there, Gale Hawthorne, looking frantic, finds her, and says that her mother woke up to find her gone and is half out of her mind. He carries her the rest of the way home, and I go back to the square. The rest of the night is just another recap of the early parts of the games, including the Tribute Parade (with the inevitable cut-in shot of Prim jumping up when she sees Katniss and yelling, with fierce pride, "That's my sister!"; it is apparently another favorite of Capitol viewers). Sleep finally ambushes me while they're replaying the death of the boy from District Ten - a horrendous fall on a steep slope that he'd have been hard pressed to control even if he hadn't been lamed. I see the beginning of the fall, but am out completely before he hits the rock. I dream I am in a mine somewhere, and Peeta is lost. Katniss is trying to find him, but he's hiding from her, which makes her very upset. She gives me a hardhat with a light on it (a flame, like the old ones they have in the coal museum) and sends me down into the depths to find him for her. I'm still calling for him when I wake up. There is a warm hand on my shoulder, and it is Mr. Mellark. He still looks tired. I sit up. "News?" He shakes his head. "No, Delly. No news. But reporters. They're here. They're talking to Mrs. Mellark and me first. But they'll want to talk to Peeta's friends. Do you think you could gather up a few?"