The Tesserae Coaltion I try to keep quiet when I go down the hall to the bathroom, but Edder still curses at me for waking him up. It's his last Reap Day, and he figures that his seven entries are putting him in a lot more danger than my five, so he shouldn't have to bake this morning. I ignore him until he goes back to sleep. What he doesn't know won't hurt my dad, annoy my mother, or put a stop to Madge Undersee's plan. The Peacekeepers can only pretend not to recognize us if our parents aren't running down there screaming. There's not much work for Edder, anyway. We'll only be open for a few hours before the Reaping, and Dad and I can handle it. Dad said he'd handle it alone if it weren't for Cray's cake. Cray ordered it especially, and it's big and expensive, and he wants it before the Reaping. He orders one every year-a big sheet cake, decorated with a Hunger Games motif, as gory as I can possibly make it with sugar and frosting. There's a lot of business on Reaping morning, but most of it is for the small rolls and breads that District Twelve families can sometimes afford for their feasts, and Dad can make those in his sleep. He once suggested that we ought to give them away on Reap Day-just one per family, of course-and Mom nearly fainted. Instead, he accidentally misshapes about half of them while they're rising, and regretfully has to sell them or trade them at very low prices. Mom has caught on, of course, but I guess she figures she can compromise one day a year, and she can't stop him, anyway. I wonder about them sometimes. My parents, I mean. I did the math and I know they got married because of my oldest brother Jonadab being on the way-Jonadab got married last month and is going to make them grandparents this winter-but you'd think that would at least mean that at some point, they liked each other. I don't think it works otherwise. And they did have two more of us. So they're not strangers. They just seem like they are. Dad is already at the cooling racks checking on Cray's cake when I get to the kitchen. I am not surprised. I don't think he's slept the night before Reaping since Jonadab turned twelve. He just sits in the kitchen with our photographs, and writes out lists of things he hopes we'll do with our lives. He doesn't show us the lists. It makes me feel kind of bad about what Madge and Delly and a few of the others of us are doing. But he's not the only parent in District Twelve who loves his kids. He gives me a tired-looking smile. "I think it's cool enough for you to start. Do you have a design?" I nod and fish around in the drawer for my sketch pad. It's a huge expense, but it's paid for itself. Not many in District Twelve can afford my cakes, but the Peacekeepers have told their families at home, and I get orders from a lot of different places. I keep the sketchbook wrapped in plastic so it doesn't get greasy, and it takes a minute to free up. "Hope we've got a lot of raspberries," I say, and hand it to Dad. He looks at my design distastefully. He'd prefer we refuse to make these cakes, but the money is too good, and we barely break even on anything else. The first year, when I was eleven, Cray had come in asking for a cake decorated with bodies and body parts. I'd seen Dad recoil, so I said that it was impossible to make something like that look real with the things we could frost cakes with. It's not-it's actually not even hard-but Cray doesn't know this, and settles for bloody weapons. This year, he'll get a pile of knives, an axe, and, running diagonally between them, a bronze spear. Raspberry blood will seep out from under the knives. Dad hands it back to me like it might be infested with weevils and tells me to get to it. We talk while we work, which is one of the reasons I like baking (and probably one of the reasons that Edder and Jonadab never did; Dad's stories bore them). I like history. So does Dad. No one really teaches much of it, but Dad's father taught him things from the family, and his father before that, and so on. Dad doesn't talk much to anyone else, but he really is a good storyteller when it's just us. He tells me about his grandfather, who was supposed to have been a rebel in the Dark Days, and about how the family, a long time earlier, came from a land called Ireland. "We were called 'Mullarkey' then," he says. "And they got away from the plague back home, two steps ahead of it, as the tale goes, coming here. Apparently, there was a long history of coming here when there was hunger in Ireland." "Guess they didn't do much better here," I say. "No one was doing well," Dad says. As he puts the first batch of bread into the oven, he goes on to a story about his cousin Briddy, who ran away with a Peacekeeper-a scandal for both of them, and no one ever heard what happened, but Dad always liked him. I ask him about Katniss Everdeen's mother, and he just says, "Peeta, I've told you everything there is." Dad knows I like Katniss. At first, I think it made him happy. Then I think it started bothering him, and he told me once that he should never have mentioned Mrs. Everdeen to me. I don't know why he did. I just remember that there had been another big fight in the house the night before school started, and Dad was in one of his faraway moods. I shrug, and start building up a pile of sugar knives that I carved last night. I'll frost them in silver, with the handles in chocolate. "What about Mom?" I ask. Dad looks surprised. "What about her?" "Do you have stories about Mom?" He thinks about it for a long time, then says, "Did you know she was going to be an actress? She used to do our commercials. She had a scholarship to go to the Capitol and learn all about acting." "But she didn't go." "They wouldn't wait until after Jonadab was born, and we weren't all invited, at any rate." He blinks slowly, then says, "She chose to stay, Peeta. She chose to stay with us. It's important to remember that." The conversation is interrupted as the bread finishes up, and someone with uncanny timing shows up at the back door. Dad comes back with a squirrel and starts fishing around on the cooling rack for a good loaf. I look out the window and see Gale Hawthorne, a boy from Edder's class. I know Edder doesn't like him much, and once they had a fight out by the slag heap. Edder still says Gale cheated, but that's probably because he lost. Quick. Everyone who fights with Gale loses. I decide to take the bread out myself, thinking I might ask him to say hello to Katniss Everdeen for me, but in the end, I lose my nerve. It's probably not a good idea to ask another man to say hello to his girlfriend for you, once I think about it. He already doesn't like town kids much-I guess we look pretty safe and pampered to him. If I start asking questions about his girlfriend, I might end up the second Mellark he's beaten up. Instead, I tell him, "Good luck today," and he nods at me coolly and takes the bread. As he walks away, I see him stick an arrow into it for some reason. When I get back to the kitchen, Dad is inspecting my cake. His nose is wrinkled. "Is it wrong?" I ask. "It's what the customer wants," he says. "And you did a fine job with it. This is an abuse of your talents. I'm sorry, Peeta." "It's good money," I tell him. "So your mother reminds me every year." He sighs. "We need half of it for supplies and shipping and taxes. But I want you to keep half, Peeta. Buy paints. Use your talent in a better way." I smile and nod. By the time I get back, he'll have realized-or Mom will have realized-that we'll need sugar soon, and sugar is not cheap. There's also a bread pan that's cracked, and, a flour bin with a seal on it that's getting a little questionable. Paints are not going to be on the budget. I spend the next half hour putting finishing touches on it. Cray likes his bloody weapons to look as real as I can get them. I get the cake ready to transport, and put it onto a little hand-cart that I use for deliveries in town. I can lift quite a few cakes, but if I get off balance, it's worth more than my ego if I drop them. Dad helps me secure it, and checks the wheels to make sure the cart won't overturn. The whole operation takes a good deal longer than it ought to. "After I deliver it," I say, "do you mind if I head over to the mayor's? Madge Undersee's having a little get-together." Dad looks at me steadily, then, out of nowhere, embraces me. "You're my good son," he says, and I can tell by his voice that he's crying. I am not surprised when I pull away and find that his face is wet. "Dad, I-" "Just go," he says, and turns back to his breads. And it strikes me that it's possible that we haven't been as careful as we thought. That my father knows that my name isn't in the Reaping Ball five times, but twenty. That he's realized where the mysterious deliveries of tessera grain and oil to the community home and some of the poor old people have been coming from. I want to tell him that I still have fewer entries that a lot of people, that I'm probably perfectly safe, but we all agreed not to tell our parents. If even one of them starts a stink, the Peacekeepers will have to start checking to see that the tesserae are going to the families they are assigned to. Instead I say, "I love you, Dad." He says something in return that might be "I love you, too," but it's pretty choked up. Mom isn't choked up when I pass her in the living room, where she's doing the books. She tells me to make sure I slop the pigs before I put on my good clothes for the Reaping, because she can't afford to have Mrs. Hawthorne clean the same clothes twice. I promise her I'll do it. I hate the pigs. They were a wedding gift to my parents from Aunt Rooba, and I guess they've covered a few bad times financially (pigs are good at nothing if not making little pork chops), but I can't even walk by their sty without thinking about throwing them perfectly good bread while a girl-my favorite girl in the world-starved in the freezing rain not twenty feet away. I gave her the bread as soon as Mom looked away. I've thought since that I should have given her one of the pigs. I guess Mom would have noticed that, though. I got a black eye for the bread. I'm guessing I'd have been kicked out to live in the sty if I'd given Katniss a pig. Dad might have saved me-he doesn't stand up to her often, but he almost kicked her out of the house when he saw