Part One: Temperance Chapter One "Euphemia Trinket?" "Yes," I say, and hand him my credentials. I am trying very hard not to notice the room beyond the front door, but the smell makes it difficult. Caesar Flickerman warned me that Haymitch Abernathy does his best to be off-putting, and he is succeeding admirably. He's turned a fine house in Victors' Village into something that looks like a garbage pit and smells like an abattoir. He doesn't do much better with his personal hygiene. I know he's a good looking man. I saw him before he let himself go, and I've helped clean him up in the Capitol. But here at home, he greets me the day before the reaping unshaven, filthy, and wearing long underwear that looks like it might be able to walk off on its own. Judging by the smell, he's seen more of the inside of a bottle than the inside of his shower, and his hair is sticking up in greasy black clumps. He seems to have made a passing attempt at shaving in the recent past, but it's uneven, and there's a large spot along his jawline that was missed entirely. I watched his Games on the way out here. He looks better than he did when he was holding his spilling guts in… but it's a pretty close thing. He squints at my credentials. "You're the hair girl, right?" "I was on the girl's prep team, yes. But - " "What are you, fifteen years old?" "I'll be eighteen next month. I know I'm young, but -" "This says you're my escort. Glass on to bigger and better things?" "He was transferred to District Four." "Four?" He frowns. "Why Four?" "I don't know. They just called me in to say I needed to replace him." He looks at me for a long, long time. Usually, when men do that, I have some idea what they're thinking about, but he doesn't have that look about him. "You're the one who cleaned me up last year. Before Glass stuck me on television." "Yes." "And they didn't fire you for it?" "No. That's why Mr. Flickerman promoted me. He said I did what I was supposed to do. That the escort is there to help the mentor. I'm here to help you." In fact, he told me that he'd been trying to get rid of Mr. Abernathy's old escort, Ausonius Glass, for years, and that it was Glass's attempt to have me fired that led to the final blow-out, but I decide that Mr. Abernathy doesn't need to know about that. It's all settled now, though by the sound of it, Mr. Flickerman was annoyed that he still couldn't just fire Glass. I don't know why. I can't imagine anyone doing less of what he was supposed to do. "Here to help," Mr. Abernathy muses. "That'd be a first. What are you really supposed to do, Euphemia? I know Caesar's got an agenda, but I don't know what it is." He tips my folder at me. "Says here, you did six years in Capitol Dreams before you joined my preps. And you quit school?" "I tested out," I say. It's not his business that I just couldn't stay there any more, not after the… the thing they did with my wig. Not after they posted pictures of it all over the walls, with me crying and bloodied. That's not anyone's business but mine. "I did graduate, you know. I have my credentials. Well, you have them at the moment." He looks at my file again. "Credentials in hair and fashion." "Yes. And I took a math class once, even though it wasn't required." There's no response to this. I lower my eyes. "Well, Mr. Flickerman said you might want to know that." "Did you take any history? Literature?" "Those are more of college school sorts of classes. I was in practical school. We take things we'll be able to use in a job." He sighs. "That sounds familiar enough. I had to take mine safety." He shakes his head. "Well, I'd invite you in to say hello, but you look like you're about to faint out on the porch. Gimme a second. Want a drink?" "No. Thank you." "Your call." He shuts the door, leaving me on his porch, which should be a pleasant enough space, but somehow isn't. I sit down on a delicate ornamental bench that I am reasonably certain was never purchased by the man behind the door. It's not that he has his mess out here, or even the faint smell that comes through from a slightly open window. It's certainly not the view, which is quite pretty. District Twelve is full of trees and dense grasses, and the green in the Village is beautifully kept. I think it's just those eleven other houses, the empty ones, staring back with their blank window eyes. Maybe I'd drink, too, if they were staring at me all year. I shake it off. Medusa - the boys' hairstylist - warned me that districts could be a little spooky sometimes. They seem too quiet, she told me. Things are as still as the grave. "That's why the district kids are so strange," she said. "It's like they're on ice all the time, and never get a chance to move around. There's nothing to stimulate the mind, and they just sort of… stew out there. It must drive the smart ones crazy. That's probably why they rebelled. Here in the Capitol, we know how to keep people busy." I suppose this is true. In the Capitol, I'm never bored. I don't have a lot of friends, but there's always a party to go to, or a club, or an amusement complex. If I start to get bored, I can go out and do anything I want. I was on the carousel at the lakeside when I got the call to come to Games headquarters three days ago. After that, there was a crazy shopping binge - escorts have to have better clothes than preps, and I got a very nice stipend for it - and then packing and workshops about what I'm supposed to do. Now, everything has just… stopped. Even the train ride out here was maddening. It was comfortable, of course - they spare no expense for the tributes - but being trapped in the same place for so many hours was maddening. I was glad for the television, and a small game room they have for the wardrobe staff, and a good selection of magazines… but none of those are meant to take as much time as there is to dispose of. One of the District Six transportation staffers suggested that I look out the windows, but I don't know what I was supposed to be looking for. All I saw was a big expanse of grayish land so flat that it looked like someone took an iron to it. I was glad when we started to approach District Twelve. At least the mountains were something different to see. The door behind me opens. Mr. Abernathy has put on clothes - expensive, high-quality ones that he somehow manages to make look like rags - and possibly even run a washcloth over himself. He sits down beside me, but doesn't look at me. "So they sent you to pull the names. Some job you have here, Euphemia." "They sent me to take care of the tributes." "They all die, you know. They don't come back. You're calling them to die." I don't answer. He finally looks at me. "What, no speech about how death in the Games is noble? How they're glorifying their lives by dying bravely? Isn't that the line from Capitol Dreams?" I was going to say something like that, but I don't. Looking at all the houses, the houses looking back at me, I guess it doesn't seem all that noble. But it's a chance . And I have to be positive. That was the one thing Caesar insisted on. He said that they'd take me away if I let it get under my skin. I'm not sure where he thinks they'd take me. Apparently, the whole reason they let him hire me was that my parents put me in Capitol Dreams when I was nine, which means I've had a lot of experience with the Games. I decide to leave it alone. Before I came to work for District Twelve last year, Miss Meadowbrook at Capitol Dreams warned me that Mr. Abernathy would try to "push my buttons." She used to date him, and still seems quite fond of him, though she laughs about how very seriously he takes everything. ("He actually used the word 'love' on our first date," she told me, rolling her eyes. "Before we even tried each other out. And don't get him started on the Games.") "Nothing?" he asks me. "No comments?" I shrug. He takes a drink. "So, unless I missed a day, the reapings aren't until tomorrow. What are you doing here? I know they schedule the trains especially for the Games, so it's not the only time you could catch one." "I don't know anything about District Twelve," I say. "I thought I should find out." He raises his eyebrows. "Wow. You've been here five minutes, and you're already a better escort than Glass. What do you want to know?" "Could you show me around?" "In that get-up?" he asks. "What's wrong with me?" "Nothing, if you're riding around the Capitol. In District Twelve? It's not going to work. And if you think you're going to make friends around here, you may as well give that up. All you'll ever be in District Twelve is the one who calls the names." I look down. "I'd like to try , Mr. Abernathy." He's quiet for a long time, then he finally says, "I believe you. And it's Haymitch. I think once you've seen me in my underwear, we're on a first name basis. And while we're on names, what do they really call you?" "Euphemia." "No, they don't. What do your friends call you?" "I've asked the people I know to call me Euphemia." He wrinkles his nose. "What about your parents?" "They used to call me 'Effie,'" I admit. "See? That's a real girl's name." "It's a little girl's name." "I think a grown-up lady could wear it well enough, and it's a whole lot easier to say." "Fine. You can call me Effie. But not to other people, all right?" He shakes his head in disbelief and says, "If that's what you want. Where do you mean to stay tonight?" "I have a room at the inn. I don't really know where it is." "I do." He sighs and stands up. "Come on. It's way across town from here, so I hope those heels don't hurt you much." "Do you have a car?" "I couldn't drive it if I did." He sways a little and sits back down. "And probably shouldn't. Most people in District Twelve walk places. Let's give it ten minutes. The guy who does the gardens has a little cart. Maybe he can take you in." We end up waiting a little more than an hour. I prod him into telling me at least a little bit about the district, though after a little while, he stops talking. I get more from the gardener, Merle Undersee, in the ten minute trip across town to the inn. Undersee is much more positive about the town. He points out the little shops, and tells me about his wife and his little baby girl. He talks about the coal production issues, and where the prettiest flowers grow. "And don't let Haymitch fool you," he says as we pull up to the inn. "He grumps about the place a lot, but he's as much District Twelve as the rest of us. And believe me