Part One: Recovery Chapter One There is no time inside the delirium. I am a child, a tribute, a mentor. I'm Effie Trinket's cruel crush, and Hazelle Hawthorne's thoughtless lover. I am Katniss's poor replacement for a father, and Finnick's fallen idol. I am drunk and sober and crazy. Katniss claws my face over and over, her eyes burning with hate. Hazelle turns her back on me. I run through Effie's apartment screaming her name while her cat stares at me from under the television. Bugs swarm out of the jungle and engulf Jack Anderson in a living shroud, while Johanna is yanked into a Capitol hovercraft, screaming profanities into the night. The hospital walls often seem to open up into District Twelve, and I walk through the fiery streets. Ed Mellark burns in the stocks, and Danny throws himself in front of a bomb in a last, futile effort at protection before being wrapped in a sheet of white flame. The shops fall in. I see my mother and Lacklen and Digger in the frantic crowds, and I see their faces in the charred cobblestones outside the bakery. Effie reaches out to me, then disappears into the smoke. Most often, I see Peeta, ripped from our grasp by the Capitol. I see him pulling back Brutus's head and cutting his throat, the blood spilling over Chaff's body. I see Peeta backing away, covered in blood, screaming, and I see him dragged up into the Capitol craft. Other things are imagined, I know, but I believe them. I see him in a cell, bloodied and beaten. I see him cursing me, and I know I deserve it. I don't know if all of this is withdrawal, or if I've actually gone crazy. If I have, it's long overdue. All I know for sure is that I'm in a constant nightmare, and no matter what I try, I can't seem to wake up. Finally, moments start to come when I know where I am: a hospital ward in District Thirteen. I managed to make it half a day after the refugees arrived before the bugs started crawling out of the walls. Primrose Everdeen took one look at me in line for dinner and called for two young men from the Seam to get me down to the hospital as fast as possible. For a long while, I felt ridiculous lying in a hospital bed with an I.V. in my arm, then I passed out, and after that, the nightmare started. I don't know how long ago that was. Twice, they've had to do something to me because of medical crises, but I don't know what they did or what happened to me to make them do it. Once, there is a great commotion nearby when a Capitol spy is found and arrested. I don't know what happens to him. Prim is sometimes there, tending the cuts on my face and asking doctors if they can't do something about the shakes. Ruth is there frequently, but she doesn't talk to me. Once, I come to the surface and see Hazelle reading a book of poetry in the chair by my bed. I think she rescued it from my house for some reason. She smiles faintly at me, then the reality goes, and the ceiling is a burning firestorm above me. Katniss never comes. I guess I don't expect her to. The moments of sanity get longer, start to string together like a pearl necklace, and I know the worst is passing. I am off-balance and when I get up to walk to the bathroom or clean myself, I feel like I'm on a storm-tossed ship, but my mind is back. I wish it weren't. I sleep a lot while the last of it passes, and when I finally wake up completely, I find Ed Mellark's girl, Delly Cartwright, sitting by the bed. "You feeling better?" she asks hopefully. She is dressed in something gray and dull, and her curls have been tamed into a braid like Katniss's. All of the girls here, if their hair isn't cropped very short, wear simple, practical styles like this. It doesn't do Delly any favors. She has the sunken look of someone who's lost a fair amount of weight quickly, and her eyes have a kind of grief-haunted look to them. But she smiles. "Mrs. Everdeen thought you'd be coming around soon," she says. "She thinks the crisis is past." "I'm around," I say. "Do you need anything? Other than a drink, because I can't do that." I think about it. "Where's Katniss?" I ask. "Is she all right?" "I hear she's getting better. She's out of the hospital and living with her family, anyway. I haven't seen her, though. She's not in school. I've just been talking to Prim." "I didn't know you were friends." "We made friends during the Games last year. Worrying about them together. She's been checking in on me. We're worried about Peeta now." I close my eyes. "Me, too. Any word?" "Not that anyone gives me, " she says. "I promised Plutarch Heavensbee I'd let him know when you were in shape to talk. Are you in shape to talk to Mr. Heavensbee?" "Very rarely," I say. "But you go ahead and get him. You don't need to look after me, Delly." "I need to look after someone," she says. "You'll do." But she goes off to a communication station and presses a button. I hear Plutarch's voice come back, officious and slightly prickly. "Is there news?" "It's Delly," she says. "Haymitch Abernathy is awake." There is a pause, then Plutarch says, "I'll be right down." Delly gets me some water, then says, "I'm sorry about your friend Chaff. I always saw you on television with him. I just... I'm sorry he died." "Me, too," I say. "I'm sorry about Ed. I wish I'd known him better." "Thank you. I miss him a lot." I try to think around this. I used to watch Ed - along with Jonadab and Peeta - when they were tiny, when Danny and Mir were busy. But I feel like saying that out loud would somehow be claiming an ownership on grief as deep as hers, and the truth is, I hadn't seen Ed in years before Peeta was reaped. I'd barely seen Danny. I let them fall out of my life. What right do I have to mourn for them now? "I should've told him not to pass messages. He wouldn't have been in the stocks. I-" She shakes her head. "Ed was in the stocks because Rhea Squires slapped me across the face. Which she did because I told her to lay off Madge Undersee. And Madge was in trouble for throwing rocks again. Which was because... you know. It just keeps going. Ed punched Squires in the face because of me. That's what ended him up in the stocks. But it's not my fault, either. I think it was Thread's. And President Snow's." That much, I can agree on. Absolutely none of this would have happened except for Coriolanus Snow and his sadistic need to project power. There's nothing more to say on the subject. Delly gets me a cool cloth to wash my face, and we don't say anything until Plutarch arrives. He sends her away. She gives me a little parting smile as she leaves. "Is there news about Peeta?" I ask. "Delly said she doesn't know." "I can't imagine why she would. " "She was his brother's girl. They were friends." Plutarch doesn't bother trying to process this. "The news isn't good," he says. "We know Peeta was taken to a studio attached to the presidential mansion the day after we destroyed the arena, but nothing has aired yet. The next morning, he was taken from the Training Center. We believe he's in a maximum security wing of the prison, along with Johanna Mason, but no one has been able to get in to see them. Well, none of ours. Apparently, Caesar Flickerman has been there several times." "Caesar said he'd look after anyone left behind." Plutarch looks up sharply. "You... discussed the matter with Caesar Flickerman?" he asks. "No. Caesar guessed something was going on, and promised without any prompting." Plutarch swears under his breath, then goes on. "At any rate, we don't know what's happening to Peeta. He was in the hospital for a few days, and he was seen on the roof of the training center - again, in Flickerman's company - and then he disappeared." He shakes his head, bothered by this line of conversation. "It's Katniss Everdeen I need to talk to you about. She's refusing to act as the Mockingjay." "Did you show her Cinna's designs?" "Cinna was adamant in his will - a document he put in my care before the final interviews - that she not be shown anything until she agreed to do it without knowing he was involved. Apparently, he didn't want her to feel pressured." Plutarch wrinkles his nose. "If she doesn't get in line soon, I may have to disregard his wishes. There's a lot of pressure on Fulvia and me to get the propaganda shorts filming. Thirteen took a lot of risks to rescue her, and it was on our say-so. They would have preferred to rescue Peeta. They don't realize what an impact Katniss's image has in the districts." I frown. "Why, exactly, is Katniss not cooperating?" He waves his hand impatiently. "She's still upset, of course, but you'd think that with Peeta in Capitol hands, she'd want to be doing everything she can!" "Upset? How do you mean, upset?" I hear my voice getting louder. "Do you mean she's still like she was when we first got here, and you're pressuring her to shoot propos?" "She's much better than she was. She's talking. She spends time with her friend Gale. She'd still be in the hospital if she wasn't better!" He waits, at least having the decency to look somewhat ashamed of this fairly blatant lie. Finally, he sighs. "She demanded to be allowed to go to District Twelve and see it for herself," he says. "They're out there now. She's got hovercrafts covering her from every angle. It's a huge expense, as I'm reminded on an hourly basis, and she still hasn't given us any promises. I need to get through to her." "Good luck with that." "You know how to reach her. You could talk to her." I point to the healing scratches on my face. "I think she made it pretty clear what she thinks of me these days. I can't blame her." "Then what could I say? Or Gale?" "Gale's in on this?" "He's assigned to Command. President Coin is impressed with him. But he says we can't pressure Katniss, too." "There's a conspiracy talking about getting Katniss to do something, and Gale is in on it." I shake my head. "Here's hoping she's more forgiving of Gale's conspiracy than mine." "What can we say to her?" "Not a damned thing. She has all the facts. She'll make the call when she's ready to make it." "Haymitch, we no longer have the luxury of waiting until you decide she's ready! The war is happening. We need a rallying point." "Get Peeta back for her. That's the only thing that will make a difference." But this is a dead end. I have been urging everyone who sees me to send a party to the Capitol to collect Peeta, along with Johanna Mason and Annie Cresta, since we got here. At the height of the delirium, I think I offered to go myself, since I could see them right through my walls and it wouldn't take but a minute. Thirteen's command structure has decreed a mission too costly. When I snapped that it wouldn't be so costly if they hadn't bungled the rescue in the first place, I was met with