Happy Gadge Day! I owe a huge thanks to Callmehux who beta'd this fic for me. She did such a brilliant job, and I really appreciate all the work she did to help me. Thank you! This fic is obviously inspired by Persuasion by Jane Austen. I've tried to keep true to the time period as best I can, but I have no doubt there are historical inaccuracies and anachronisms. Please overlook them. I have played around a little with the ages of the characters and some of the familial relationships, in particular the Mellark family. I've included a guide to the characters to help explain them. Characters: The Undersee Family Miss Margaret 'Madge' Undersee [26] – Our heroine. Sir Henry Undersee – her father. Lady Euphemia 'Effie' Undersee – her stepmother. Lady Maysilee Donner – her aunt and godmother, twin sister to her late mother. (Lady Maria Undersee née Donner - Madge's deceased mother and Sir Henry's first wife.) The Hawthorne-Boggs Family Captain Gale Hawthorne [28] – Our hero. Admiral William Boggs – his stepfather. Mrs Hazelle Boggs (formerly Mrs Hawthorne) – his mother. Mr Rory [22] and Mr Victor [18] Hawthorne – his brothers. Miss Josephine 'Posy' Hawthorne [14] – His sister. Misses Charlotte [14] and Louisa [12] Boggs – his stepsisters. The Mellark Family Reverend Peter 'Peeta' Mellark [26] – Madge's cousin, and heir to Bakerville estate. Mrs Katniss Mellark [26] – his wife, and cousin to the Hawthornes. Miss Anna [5] and Master Peter [3] Mellark – their children. Mr Charles and Mrs Anna Mellark – Peeta's parents. Miss Annie [21] and Miss Primrose [19] Mellark – his sisters. Miss Delly Cartwright [24] – a ward of the Mellark family. (Mr Richard Mellark – the deceased eldest son of the family. [25]) Other Friends & Acquaintances Captain Finnick Odair [30] – a friend and colleague of Captain Hawthorne. Mr Heavensbee [32] – A nephew by marriage of Lady Effie Undersee. Mr Haymitch Abernathy – Lawyer to the Undersee family. Locations: Panemberly – the ancestral home of the Undersee family. Now rented by Admiral Boggs. Bakerville – the ancestral home of the Mellark family. Bakerville Vicarage – where Peeta and Katniss Mellark live with their family. Seamby – a seaside village some 16 miles away. Capilton – a town known for its natural hot springs, where Sir Undersee rents a house after they leave Panemberly. One Though his friends and neighbours would happily agree that Sir Henry Undersee of Panemberly was indeed a fine and distinguished gentleman, with a great many virtues, none could say that economy or prudence were among them. He had been most fortunate, and (some might say, uncharacteristically) wise in his choice of first wife. The late Lady Maria Undersee had shown great financial moderation in her running of his household and estate, and kept her husband within his income. After her death, he was constantly exceeding it, and all hopes of him learning restraint were dashed upon his second marriage to Mrs Effie Trinket, a woman who in all her thirty-nine years had never yet encountered a bonnet she didn't immediately purchase. There came a time when Sir Undersee could no longer conceal or deny his massive debts and instead was forced to face them. Such was his desperation that he called on his closest friends and his daughter Miss Margaret Undersee for advice. Sensible and clever, like her mother, Margaret, known to both her intimates and her acquaintances alike as Madge, devised a scheme of careful retrenchment which would see her father clear of his debts within seven years. However, her father could not be prevailed upon to forgo what he deemed necessary for a man of his rank in the county, despite all of Madge's entreaties. Nor could he endure the suggestion of selling any part of his estate as counselled by his lawyer Mr Haymitch Abernathy. Finally it fell to his sister-in-law, the twin of his first wife, Lady Maysilee Donner, to persuade Sir Henry to acquire a tenant for Panemberly, while he took a smaller house elsewhere. Madge hoped for a small house in the country, somewhere close by where they could still enjoy the company of her beloved aunt. Effie, to whom Sir Henry was infinitely more inclined to listen, argued for Capilton and so Capilton won the day. With serendipitous timing, Mr Abernathy soon after received a letter from the widow of an old friend who had once lived in the neighbourhood and was hoping to return, and sought his assistance in finding suitable dwellings. A second marriage to a widowed naval admiral had raised the fortunes of the lady from when Mr Abernathy had known her and he knew they would find no finer tenant for Panemberly. Mr Abernathy hastened to tell Sir Henry at once. "His name is Admiral William Boggs. He's highly decorated and made a great fortune in the wars. I only know him by reputation, but I am pleased by the marriage, as his wife is a most excellent lady. You might know her perhaps, she was formerly Mrs Hawthorne of Seamby." Such news would surely have been met with great delight in other quarters, but not at Panemberly, where Sir Henry could not contain his abhorrence at the suggestion, Effie was quite distressed and even Madge had visibly paled upon hearing of their prospective tenants. Sir Henry had paced the floor of the drawing room, quite agitated. "I cannot say which is more repulsive to me, that I should have a fishwife from Seamby as mistress of this house, or a sailor as master! Who is this man? Who was his father? Was he a sailor too? Such degradation. A sailor in Panemberly. The very idea is outrageous. You know my feelings about the navy - an abominable organisation that allows any man of inferior birth to rise in rank and fortune. It was a sorry day for this country, the day the navy was conceived." "The navy has done much for this country," Madge said, her voice quivering as she spoke, for she seldom argued with her father. "There are many fine, intelligent, brave officers in the navy and if they are not gentlemen by birth, they are by manner. They have shown great fortitude and selflessness during the war, and they have earned the right to claim the all comforts and privileges a home such as Panemberly can offer. I cannot think of a finer tenant for you than a naval officer. As for his wife, the Hawthornes were a respectable family, greatly admired by all who knew them. Mr Abernathy can attest to that. I am sure that has not changed now that she is married to an Admiral. And I have heard that Seamby is a fine town, though it does not have all the amenities and advantages of a place such as Capilton. In any case, character is more important than address." Lady Donner and Mr Abernathy endeavoured to persuade Sir Henry that Admiral Boggs in particular was indeed a suitable tenant for his estate, and at any rate the only person willing and able to afford the rent. They were most fortunate that he had been found and was amenable to the terms of the lease. Effie was satisfied that the Boggs' could pay the rent, which won over any further objections she had. At length, and following great discussion, Sir Henry reluctantly conceded to allowing Admiral Boggs and his family to become the new tenants of Panemberly. Madge listened attentively to the rest of the conversation, though contributed very little, and immediately left the room on its conclusion to seek fresh air in the garden. None of the others wondered why she was so pale, nor remarked at the length she remained in the garden. If they noticed she was red-eyed from crying on her return, they attributed it to being upset at having to quit her home. It was not until hours later, when she was in bed and reflecting on the day's events that Lady Donner realised the true reason for Madge's distress. It had nothing to do with leaving Panemberly, nor with the naval officer who would soon reside in her home. Madge's distress lay in the name Hawthorne. Mrs Boggs, who had once been Mrs Hawthorne, had four children. Eight years ago, her oldest, a son who served in the navy, had for reasons she could not now recollect spent some time in a village close to Panemberly. By chance, he and Madge had become acquainted and very quickly fell deeply in love. After three months, they had become engaged. Naturally, Lady Donner and Sir Henry had been against the match. That beautiful and accomplished Madge, the daughter of a Baronet, would throw herself away at nineteen to a young man without rank or fortune, would marry a sailor so far beneath her and at a time of war too, was inconceivable to them. Sir Henry had not expressly forbidden the match, but had met Commander Gale Hawthorne with great coldness and indifference, leaving no doubts regarding his feelings on the matter. Lady Donner had applied great pressure, advising Madge that it was foolish, improper and doomed to failure. Madge might have withstood her father's ill-will but not Lady Donner's more gentle counsel. It was only by convincing her it was as much to Commander Hawthorne's advantage as her own that Madge had been persuaded to break the engagement. She had not told her aunt of the details of their final parting, but Lady Donner knew it had been quite painful for her. Lady Donner had bitterly regretted that Madge had suffered. It distressed her that Madge was still unmarried now at twenty-seven, though there had been other offers, better offers. Still, she did not doubt that after the shock of hearing his name again after so long a time had passed, Madge would be unaffected should she encounter Commander Gale Hawthorne again. Eight years was more than long enough to recover from a broken heart. Two Madge had thought she might postpone her departure from Panemberly for a little while longer by staying with Lady Donner who lived close by, until her godmother left Capilton in the Autumn as she did each year. However, Lady Donner had engagements elsewhere that would take her away from Panemberly for most of the summer so with a heavy heart, Madge had resigned herself to spending the summer in Capilton. Then, three days before they were due to depart, an unexpected reprieve came from surprising quarters, her cousin Reverend Peeta Mellark and his wife Katniss. The Mellarks, cousins to Sir Henry, were the second most important family in the county, and, Bakerville, their house, the second finest. The eldest son, Richard, had been very troublesome and hopeless until he had died at five-and-twenty and, though his loss was lamented by those who had loved him, privately those same people were relieved that their second son Peeta would be the heir to Bakerville. Shortly after coming into his great and unexpected fortune, Peeta had proposed to Madge. Although there was no great attachment beyond cousinly affection on either side, it was what both families had most desired, and everyone but Peeta himself had been shocked and disappointed when Madge had politely declined. Their relationship remained unchanged. Seven months later, Peeta had announced his engagement to Miss Katniss Everdeen and the couple now resided in Bakerville Vicarage, close to his parent's home. Shortly before the Undersees had been due to leave Panemberly, Peeta had been attending to a dying parishioner in the middle of the night and taken a stumble, resulting in a broken leg. 'With two young children, a third on the way, and now an injured husband, it was too much for Katniss in her altered state', Peeta had written, and 'would Madge be so kind as to spend a few months with them'. Katniss Mellark was a most capable woman, and