Ron knew he wouldn't sleep tonight. He never did. This day rolled around once a year, and not once had he slept. Unless you counted the time he got so drunk that he passed out, but since he hadn't even been able to pass out until nearly four in the morning, Ron didn't count it. It was the same every year. This was the tenth, but it would be the same on the eleventh, and the twentieth, and the hundredth. He got quietly out of the bed, trying not to wake Hermione. She was tired; this was a long day for everyone. He slipped on his dressing gown and padded toward the bedroom door, sparing his wife one more resentful look. It was all so easy for her. She decided to move on, and so she did, because Merlin knew that once Hermione made a well-reasoned, logical decision, it would happen. She never seemed to have to wrestle against this pressing darkness that overwhelmed him once a year, not to mention at the other odd moments that took him by surprise. The house was quiet right now, for once. He crossed through the living room and sat down in the window seat where he could look out into the back garden. He pressed his head against the cool glass of the window and sighed. It felt nice, soothing somehow. He closed his eyes and just let himself sense everything: the smooth coolness of the window pane, the enveloping darkness, the unnatural silence. The absence, the heavy pressing absence of someone who should have been there. He thought about Harry, wondered if it had ever felt good to him to press his scar against a cool sheet of glass, to ease the ache. He had never asked. He curled up his long legs under him and leaned back in the window seat. He'd had to kick off a toy broomstick and a trick wand, but that wasn't unusual. There was barely a surface in the house that wasn't taken over by toys, crayons, hair ribbons, or odd shoes and socks. It drove Hermione spare; she was always yelling that if they'd just put things in their proper places they'd be able to find them the next time they went looking. He wrapped his dressing gown closer around him. Hermione hadn't yelled much today, but he was bad company. He had been moody and brooding all week; he knew it, and he was sorry about it, but he couldn't do anything about it. The memories were so dark and heavy on him. He had snapped at the girls, he was impatient and sullen with Hermione, he had barely spoken to his parents. The darker his mood got, the more determinedly cheerful Hermione got, and he wondered how she could be happy today, of all days. That made him resentful, which made his mood worse. And then there was the trip out to the cemetery. Ron took a deep breath, then pressed his long fingers into the bridge of his nose. Why did he let them talk him into that, every single damn year? The whole damn family had to go, and they made such a production of it. Why did he let Hermione give their daughters flowers to put on the grave, why did he let Fred and George tell them the story time after time, tell it as though it were some goddamn fairy tale, as though glory and memory and sacrifice were adequate exchanges for friendship and life? A sob hitched in his chest, and he took another deep breath to try to control it. He didn't quite manage, and it came out a shuddering exhalation that shook his upper body. He hated today. He hated hated hated hated hated this stupid stupid day. Clenching his fist against the pain he lashed out and punched the stone wall in front of him. Then he swore, because it hurt, but he was darkly glad, too, because it took his mind away from the ache inside. As he put his throbbing knuckles into his mouth to suck on them, he heard a sound somewhere to his right, just a slight scuffing of a footstep on a rug. He dropped his bruised hand and peered into the darkness. He could barely see the top of a strawberry blonde head on the other side of the couch. One of the girls was up. He sighed guiltily; he hoped he she hadn't seen him punching the wall. "Janie?" he said in a low voice. "Daddy?" came the anxious voice back. "Where are you?" "I'm in the window, sweetheart," he answered quietly. "Why don't you come over here?" He smiled faintly as he heard her little feet shuffle toward him. After a moment in which several toys got kicked or stepped on, Janie came to stand in front of him, arms raised over her head, blankie dangling from one small hand. He reached down and picked her up easily, then took the blanket and wrapped it around her slender little body. With a sense of what he might have had to describe as desperation, he held her to him and snuggled her up in his arms. God, he loved these girls. He pressed a kiss to the top of her head, squeezing his eyes shut against the wave of love and grief and gratitude and bitterness that washed over him. Nothing made him feel the awe of being a father more than cuddling a sleepy child. But it didn't keep out the other pain...it didn't bring Harry back. He drew Janie even closer to him, having some idea that if he could bring her close enough, his love for her could shut out the still-sharp grief he felt for Harry. Harry would have loved this girl. She was his quietest child, mystical, almost like Luna in some ways. Harry would have loved how she and Luna talked about fairies and elves and spirits-not to mention all the things that only Luna and Janie knew about-as though they were in the room, as though very many of those things lived in either of their houses. And Janie could see into people; she always knew just the question that needed to be asked. Harry would have loved that Luna was Janie's godmother, since the two of them had souls that were exactly the same. Another one of those sobs gasped out of him, and he clenched his jaw against it, telling himself he didn't want to disturb Janie. There was so much he wanted to tell Harry through the years, so much he wanted to do side by side with him. Harry should have been his best man at his wedding, but he wasn't. Charlie had been his best man instead, and nobody had said anything, but they all knew who should have been standing there. Harry should have at least as many kids with Ginny as Ron had with Hermione, but he didn't. The pureblood Potter line died out on that day. "Daddy?" Janie's voice was drowsy, but her eyes were wide open as she looked at him. "Yeah?" he asked, clenching his stomach muscles against the next sob and stroking Janie's hair. "Why are you sad?" "It's okay, sweetheart," he whispered, pressing her head back down to his shoulder. "Go to sleep." He should have known she'd ignore him. She was a peaceful and biddable child, more than the other girls, but she was as stubborn as any of them in her own way. Her head popped back up and she gave him a disconcertingly direct look, her brown eyes shining in the moonlight. "Is it because Uncle Harry died?" Ron stared at her. Janie simply gazed up at him, her brown eyes dark and serious. Then Janie's eyes began to fill with tears, and to his dismay, so did Ron's. When the first tear spilled down Janie's cheek, Ron felt one overflow his own eyes and drop down his own face. For a heartbeat, he simply looked at her, tense and still. More tears flowed from Janie's eyes, and more flowed from Ron's, then another sob rumbled up from deep in his gut, and before he knew what was happening, he was grasping his daughter to his chest and weeping like he hadn't wept in ten years. Janie wept, too, her arms wrapped around her father's neck, her tears soaking the collar of his dressing gown. Ron pressed her close to him, and for once let himself feel, deep down, what he had lost. The sobs continued to wrack both of them, until he was gasping for breath and his stomach muscles burned and his throat ached. "I'm sorry, sweetheart," he murmured into Janie's hair, when he finally had breath enough to speak. His nose was running, and he sniffed, then reached a hand into his pocket for a handkerchief. He spared a moment of wry gratitude; Hermione had put that in there for him. He never would have thought of it himself. He blew his nose on the cloth, then tapped it with his wand to clean it, and used it to gently dry Janie's eyes. "Feel better now?" Janie nodded. "Yeah, but will you tell me about Uncle Harry?" "Oh," Ron hesitated. But somehow he felt stronger, he felt like maybe he could talk about him. While he considered it, his eyes raked over the clock over the fireplace, and he winced. "Yeah, I will tell you about Uncle-Uncle Harry," he said, his voice catching a bit. He took a deep breath and began to feel calm, the warmth from his daughter's body as soothing now as the cool glass of the window had been earlier. "But not tonight, all right? You have to go back to sleep." "Just tell me one thing, Daddy?" Janie wheedled, giving him her best how-can-you-resist-me smile, which was only slightly marred by the yawn that followed it. "One thing about Harry?" Ron asked, raising an eyebrow. Janie nodded. Ron thought. One thing about Harry...one thing that wouldn't take all night to explain. One thing that wouldn't scare a child or make her cry again. One thing about Harry... "He was my best friend," Ron whispered hoarsely. "Harry and Mummy and Daddy were the three best friends that ever lived." "Is Mummy sad, too?" Janie asked. "Because Uncle Harry died?" Ron frowned. "Yeah, I'm sure she is." God, he was an idiot. He was an inconsiderate, thoughtless clod and she should make him sleep on the couch forever. Of course Hermione was sad that Harry died. He had been so stupid. "Come on, sweetheart," he said, standing with Janie in his arms. Suddenly he wanted to be back in bed with Hermione more than anything. He stepped over a half a train track and a doll's headless body, then walked up the stairs to the small bedroom Janie shared with her younger sister. Janie was already sleepy again, and she snuggled down into the mattress as Ron laid her gently in the bed. He covered her with her quilt and bent to kiss her. "Janie," he whispered against her forehead, "you have a good heart. Uncle Harry would have loved you." Janie smiled faintly but did not open her eyes, and after a moment her regular breathing told Ron she was asleep. He stood straight again and crossed the room to lean into the crib and check on Ginevra, whose little bottom was sticking up in the air. He gently turned her over onto her back, then covered her up, knowing full well she'd have turned over again as soon as he left the room. The Healers could say what they wanted about proper sleeping positions, but little Ginevra was as stubborn as her namesake and preferred to sleep on her stomach, knees drawn up, bottom in the air. He groped his way down the dark hallway and opened the door to the room shared by his older