Summary: Glorfindel is in a pensive mood and Erestor decides to see if he is well. A conversation ensues, most of which flies over Erestor's head. Not to worry, though. Glorfindel told him from the start he would not understand, but Erestor loves answers. Disclaimer: I own nothing of Tolkien's world. I wish I did, but it all belongs to the Tolkien Estate. I make no profit from these ventures of delving into the Master's legendarium, and I also do not own the uploaded "book cover" for this particular story. It is owned by "The-Nightmare-Escape", whose depictions can be found on deviantArt. If this is ill-suited for any purpose for anyone, I will gladly take it down, all you need to do is ask. But please inform me so before rudely going to delete/report my story without warning. Thank you. A/N: This story was written for a reason that will be explained at the end of the fic, and it's the reason I'm somewhat deviating from my present interests for this – I've been in the Silmarillion and will be staying there for the foreseeable future. :) The title of the fic is Sindarin for "brothers of the heart", in simple reference to the friendship between Glorfindel and Erestor that I consider headcanon. I'm also taking somewhat of a break from the Tolkienesque flare for this fic. I needed one. :) Thank you in advance for reading and, as always, any reviews are appreciated. Imladris, 150 TA Erestor approached Glorfindel and stayed his steps at a respectful distance away, awaiting Glorfindel's acknowledgement of his presence. The Balrog-slayer was sitting in a chair upon one of the roofed parapets of the House, looking out unto the eastward waterfalls of Imladris. It was quiet here, nary a disturbance, and lay away from the Elves going to and fro about the House. Erestor looked at his golden head, knowing Glorfindel sought this place for its solitude, and for that reason waited. The wait persisted for only a breath or two. Glorfindel turned his head only so slightly in his direction, though never laying his sight on him. "Erestor." "Glorfindel." He stepped closer and stood along the Elf dressed plainly in a silver tunic and dark leggings. He was unarmed, or so he appeared. Erestor tilted his head. "Do I disrupt you? I will leave, if so." Glorfindel shook his head, gesturing to the other chair alongside him. "Not so, Lord Counselor. What troubles you?" He sat up straighter in his own, seeming to shake himself from whatever solemn musing had been so occupying his thoughts. "Nothing." Glorfindel gave a small smile, a glint of amusement in his blue eyes. "I have had many a quiet moment before and the seldom times you disrupted me have been for a sound reason, though I would not deny your company if otherwise." He gestured mildly with both hands. "So?" Erestor huffed, moving to sit in the chair and sighing as he relaxed into it, despite its make of solid wood. "I speak truthfully, my friend. I have just been thinking." "I was unaware you ever stopped." Erestor glowered at him, though the spark in his eyes belied it. "Nonetheless, a trail of my thoughts has been for you. I name it not concern, but you have me curious, though I hesitate to discuss a subject ill to the peace of your heart." Glorfindel looked at him, his eyes bright and far too perceptive. "That has never stayed your speaking of such things before." He gave a disarming smile. "Come now, Erestor. Stalling and sparing me the candor of your tongue is unlike you, and I am unsure if I approve," he added in feigned disapproval. "Locking away thoughts to the isolation of your particular brain can be dangerous." Again Erestor sent him a dark glower, but his expression transmuted into one solemn and grave. "The deaths of Eregil and Duilion a fortnight ago." The names stirred no reaction from Glorfindel, who looked on unflustered, but Erestor had not expected them to. "I know their scouting the foot of the High Pass was mere routine and that their deaths took you by surprise, though more due to their being waylaid by a band of wandering Orcs when Sauron has been no more for nigh two hundred years. It took us all by surprise." Brief confusion flitted across his face. "And you came to see if I am well?" Erestor shook his head, his gaze moving from Glorfindel to stare out into the Valley, the rays of the setting Sun casting warm hues upon his fair face. "No. You are no novice warrior and know more intimately than most the cost of wearing those warrior braids. And I know you in truth, my friend," he added with a soft glance to him. "You regret not arriving to their aid in time, but do not take on a layer of ice or shouldering of guilt at what those novice warriors would perceive as failure." He looked fully to Glorfindel, dark eyes narrowed in thoughtful observation. "You have been quiet, and while I do not necessarily support the idea of solitude in mourning those you knew, I do respect it." Glorfindel nodded, though his brow was still slightly furrowed. "Then why are you here? You do not do too well at speaking in circles." Erestor opened his mouth and closed it, looking away with his own frown. He gave a nigh indiscernible sigh, grasping for the right words to speak, but they eluded him and with a shake of his head, he looked to Glorfindel in chagrin. "I suppose I did come to see how you fare. On the matter of death you have a unique perception, but I had long ago noticed you speak not of it when you are yet undoubtedly the most at peace with it among us in Middle-earth." He gestured uncertainly, inwardly cringing that the words did not come forth in the manner he wanted. "You never speak of your time in Mandos, and nor would I expect you to, but always you become…withdrawn when comes the death of someone you knew. I know not what to think, and just…." He floundered again, the cringe this time making it to his face. "Are you well?" "Ah." The confusion cleared and Glorfindel flashed a fond smile at the Counselor before leaning back in his chair with a deep sigh, looking for all the world as a content feline. "You need not be concerned for me," he assured, looking back out to the beauty of the falls, and Erestor could see his eyes soften at the sight. "Because of that unique perception of death, as you say, I just prefer the peace of solitude in my mourning for those honorable ellyn than appearing to have a cold face to others whom mourn just as greatly." Erestor regarded him with confusion. "What mean you by that?" Glorfindel shrugged, absently running his fingers along the carvings of the armrest. "I have not shed a tear since coming upon the bodies of Eregil and Duilion and I would not people think me heartless. It hurts to see their lives taken, particularly when I had trained them myself only to learn that such training had not been enough to save them. I know they are at peace, that one day they will be Reborn, but I cannot let it be a blade upon my fëa." He looked at Erestor with raised eyebrows, though his gaze was grave. "It sounds cold even unto mine own ears, but suffice it to say that I am guarding my heart more closely amid this second chance at life." A small smile upturned the corners of Erestor's lips. "I noticed," he said. "Your face is full of joy and speech full of cheer in truth, and I remember the beacon you were to both Elf and Man when first you came to Lindon out of the West. But I have noticed you tend to guard yourself from becoming close with others in the intimate way you have with only a few." Glorfindel looked as though he were resisting a chuckle, for his eyes crinkled in humor. "You know you are one of them, no?" Erestor stared at him with a bland expression. "Of course," he spoke, his words slow and deliberate. "How else would I know you as a book? Albeit one of the most complex books I have read," he conceded, adjusting in his chair to cross his legs. Glorfindel did not respond, but his expression spoke it all, and Erestor nigh rolled his eyes at the merriment that always seemed to exude from the golden-haired Noldo. He sobered his expression, refusing to be sidetracked. "Though you survived dying you refuse to speak of it, not that you must. Though we know where we would go if slain, the experience of death itself is of the unknown to Elves, and thus feared even if they would go marching honorably towards it. But for you," he went on, "it is a known factor, and your reticence against answering questions of it since your return led me to believe that…well…." He sighed again in mild frustration as words failed him, and the principle of it happening at all rattled him. Erestor stared in silence at Glorfindel, who sat there as the epitome of patience with a small smile as he waited for Erestor to find the correct words. He was always smiling, Erestor reflected grudgingly. He sighed again, giving a dismissive wave of his hand. "Nevermind. Just your reaction to people asking you, however polite, is the reason why I myself have never questioned you on it." Glorfindel's face cleared as his smile grew in full, looking even more relaxed than before as he leaned his head upon the chair's top rail. "I see now where your curiosity lay." He lifted an eyebrow. "I never knew you desired answers from me also. More curiosity?" "I am a loremaster. I like answers." Glorfindel chuckled, and though his face grew more serious, his eyes were endless reflections of peace and contentment. "Mandos is not a fractious memory for me, Erestor, if such may have been your suspicion," he reassured, his voice soft and deep. "Though such memories in the Halls are yet difficult to wholly recall, they are some of my best, to be honest." Erestor stared at him, unknowing of what to say, and Glorfindel chuckled again at the expression on his face. "If you would indulge my own curiosity, why ask you of it now after so long a time?" It took Erestor a moment for him to find his grasp on words again as his mind tried to reconcile with what Glorfindel just spoke. "I am not," he came to answer. "Though I do wonder as everyone else, I believe it not to be my right to know when still among the living. That, and I presume you would little appreciate being pestered with those same questions by one you call a friend." Glorfindel huffed in amusement. "Mayhap I would answer you, or Elrond. But in truth, you just spoke the reason why I am silent." He looked at Erestor, contemplative. "It is not necessarily a matter of the knowledge of death being or not being the right of any Elf, but rather that they will not understand, not even a little, no matter how well I might go to describe it. The Reborn in Aman are not small in number and will continue to grow as more are restored to Life, but Mandos was often just another topic of conversation among even the Amaneldi who had never died. I and fellow Reborn often spoke with smiles and in merriment of our times in Mandos, comparing our experiences and offering our most vocal opinions on the competency of Lord Námo's Maiar." Erestor's eyes widened, unable to hide the incredulous expression, and Glorfindel appeared again to suppress