Summary : "Elrond stood there, hopeless, as he watched him endure the pain of all pains. He was in anguish for his friend, but this time…this time he could do nothing, for nothing could be done…." Have you ever thought that there was more as to *why* Oropher had led the charge early? Or do you settle for the common belief that he was simply a prideful idiot who defied Gil-galad's order out of spite? Here, below, is one interpretation of why Oropher advanced before he was instructed to do so. And this story's information *is* in accordance with canon. :) And Elrond receives the misfortune of having to witness just how Thranduil reacts to his father's demise. Disclaimer : I own absolutely nothing of Tolkien's world. The character Aearion belongs to Tori of Lórien and I thank her for letting me borrow such a noble character. The character Cereg is mine though. I also do not own the uploaded "book cover" for this particular story. If this is ill-suited for any purpose for anyone, I will gladly take it down, all you need to do is ask. But please inform me so before rudely going to delete my story without warning. Thank you. A/N: Well, this story took a little bit of time and thought. I have to right now say this; this is absolutely no slash whatsoever. Okay, got that off my chest. :) Though we all love reviews, I am personally asking you to review because this is my first attempt at this "type" of fic, so any feedback will be greatly appreciated, whether it be compliments or concrit. Seriously, I truly want to know your honest opinion of the story^^. I'm praying that you don't become bored by this because, as you know, I can go on with words. :) And even though this is centered on one or two topics, I don't do that literal reiteration ten times over. There's a point to everything. And not to worry! Though this could be seen as a vignette, there are a host of characters (literally) and dialogue. And this was, once again, another inspired story, this time by an image used in "Riptide", a coming story by Tori of Lórien . So thanks once more! But for this story, please review! :) I welcome all words, including concrit. Happy reading! Dagorlad, 3434 SA There was a numbing silence in the camp of the army of Greenwood. The most that could be heard was the crackle of the meager flames of campfires, the whispering neigh of a horse, or the soft footfalls of the few Elves walking about. No one spoke; no one was encouraged to speak. No one was motivated to speak. But if there was a numbing silence in the camp, then there was a deadening silence in the royal tent. Well, almost a full silence there was. Aearion stood guard at the entrance, this time to prevent any of the Silvan Elves from entering. But none dared to even enter its vicinity. Thranduil sat inside, on the ground, utterly defeated. His posture held no confidence, for it only showed a broken spirit. Next to him, lying on the low cot, was Oropher…and his eyes were closed. Thranduil sat there in silence, washing the blood off his father's chest with mechanical movements. It was as though the blood screamed out to him, shoving reality in his face, mocking him with it and he could not stand it. He had to get rid of it. But against his will, against every fiber in his being, the scene of what happened flashed in his mind, mocking him with its horror instead. And unlike the blood, he knew not how he could wash this vision away. The sounds of battle were deafening to the ears. The belligerent shouting, the dying screams, the clashing steel of all Orcs, Men, and Elves were overwhelming. The pressure of the Orcs coming down on the Silvan forces was like the rapids pulling one down to the bed of the river. One could not breathe. One could not think. All one knew was to kill to survive, and to survive only to kill again. The battlefield robbed them of all emotion save their natural born hatred for the Orcs. One just fought to survive. Nothing else mattered…until the tragedy struck. He fought valiantly next to his father and king. His muscles ached and adrenaline rushed through his body like no tomorrow, but, like his people, he was driven onward, keeping his father in sight at all times. But then he faltered. Oropher had led his people into battle like the true king he was, but the enemy knew how to identify a leader. The Úlaire could identify the leader and indeed went to eliminate both of them. The attention was on them, and he faltered. He remembered how he was shoved, shoved so viciously to the right with such a force that nearly sent him to the ground. He had spun on his heel to see who had shoved him aside and felt his blood run cold at the sight that greeted his eyes. Everything seemed to have reduced in speed. As the prince saw his father tumble to the ground, the parade of Orcs weighing him down and falling around him, time felt to have stopped. When only mere seconds had passed by, Thranduil had stood there, immobilized, unconscious of all activity around him, as he saw the black sword be raised by that demonic hand, the thrust of the blade down. The black hilt went higher and higher and then it stopped. He felt the world freeze in place and all sounds became muted as that sword plunged down within a heartbeat, slicing through the armor as butter, and pierced his father's exposed chest. The prince became deaf and dead to his surroundings as he saw the surprise appear in those wise eyes, his mouth opening as he reflexively gasped for air, choking on his own blood. And after only a moment, the choking ended and he saw his father's golden head fall lifelessly to the ground as the surprise disappeared from his eyes to be replaced with nothing. His right hand, clad in a gauntlet, fell limp about the hilt of his sword, resting on the dust of the field, never to be raised again. His mind spun as the horror and fear magnified like a flame would with oil. He heard screaming in the distance. Yet, he knew that it was he that screamed. He knew it was his voice that was shouting the agony and torment of what he just witnessed. It was his voice that was bellowing the infinite crushing weight of anguish and denial. Only seconds had passed since his father stood beside him, but those few seconds now felt to be eternity. He could not tear his eyes away from the limp body, praying with insentience, with every fiber of his being that he would move. He felt himself being dragged away with forceful hands and he submitted to their demands as his vision of his father's body was obscured by the encroaching royal guard. He was taken back, and every step away from his liege was a further step into the world of torment and agony. He knew the reality, but he wanted to deny it unto the ending of the world. His father was dead. And as much as his heart and being screamed for it to be false, he knew it to be true. Even though he had been whisked away within seconds after their king fell, he knew he was gone; he had been close enough to see it – as he had seen the surprise appear in those aged eyes, he had also seen the light die from them, doomed to remain empty and lifeless forevermore. His heart, his noble and valiant heart had stopped beating, destined to never again beat in Middle-earth. The King of Greenwood the Great had fallen. The last of the blood finally removed, Thranduil dropped the tainted rag into the lukewarm water beside the foot of the cot. He withdrew his hands, which had a noticeable tremble to them, evidence of both his physical and emotional exhaustion. He stared down at them, an overwhelming sense of isolation blanketing him as he looked down at the dust covered by the blood of his father's body. Thranduil shook his head in absent denial, a searing pain compressing his chest, making it difficult to breathe. It should be his blood covering his hands, he thought despairingly, not his father's…not his beloved king's…not blood that had gone cold. He looked back into his father's expressionless face and felt tears swell up quickly; he knew that those eyes would never again open. Never again would he be able to see the heartwarming love that Oropher always reserved just for his son. Never again would he be able to see the wisdom and pride always seen in those insightful eyes. Thranduil took a deep shuddering breath and, despite how he tried his mightiest to prevent it from happening, the tears fell down, leaving tracks through his dusk encrusted cheeks; no matter how many millennia he had lived, somewhere deep down in the Elf there always resided the little Elf-child whose world was embellished by the persona of his father. Despite his meager desire to remain strong, the dam finally broke and Thranduil collapsed, falling across his father's chest, grasping onto him with a death grip as he released his grief into the corpse of his king. His ada was gone. And there was no comfort that could be given to him. As quickly as a candle had been snuffed out, darkness had fallen upon his heart and a great emptiness had come into his world. It was a darkness that no shadow of the deepest places could match. That one part, the part of promised infinite security and love, of endless guidance and wisdom, of an eternity of friendship and companionship, of a lifetime of fatherly embraces…that one part was now gone, only to be replaced by a residence of an endless wound of searing pain. And it was a pain that he knew would never leave him, for it was now the only remaining physical embodiment that was his father. There was no comfort to be found in the stars, for that spirit-lifting consolation that all Elves received from the starlight was gone. The day became dark as the dark became an endless walk of sorrow. The tears fell from Thranduil's eyes, soaking the royal raiment clothing his father. He felt like an child concerning the heaviness with that he wept. A part of him desired to remain strong. A part of his mind, the logical part, knew that his people needed a strong leader…a strong king…to hold them together, to not let all the grief overcome their strength. Yet a part of him did not even care anymore. He simply felt lost without that familiar security and the cloak of comfort his father had always provided. But Thranduil was in despair. He could not do it. He just could not. How could he ever find his way home again? How could he ever find his coming place in this fallen world without that guidance that had ever been by his side? It was gone, stolen away as quickly as one's breath could be. In times of war, particularly this one, all had that unconscious preparation that this might be the end, that this would be the day that their fëa was to be claimed by the Doomsman. But that preparation had been solely for them. What could ever prepare a person for the loss of a loved one? But there was no preparation. And now, after seeing the light of his father fade into the shadowy grey of death before his very eyes, he had never felt so alone. He