Summary: Canonical gap-filler. Elrond seeks out Círdan to find out why the Shipwright had decided to give Gandalf the Elven Ring Narya. After all, the Three Rings were made for the Elven race, so by what reason should a Maia possess it? Will Elrond believe what happened? Disclaimer: I own nothing of Tolkien's marvelous world. I only own the character Ëarhín and the Fëagaer. I also do not own the uploaded "book cover" for this particular story. It is owned by "celebrusc" on tumblr and I have been given said artist's permission to use it. All of my sources for all canonical facts, should you question their accuracy, are listed at the end of the story. A/N: I can't believe how long this chapter ended up becoming! What I put for the genre, know that I'm using them lightly. I just don't know what else to call this. Anyway, this story, I guess, can be considered as a possible gap filler. I don't know – it's up to you to decide. This piece does contain a flashback and, like one of my others, it will be noticeably divided by a large – not small – large marker. Because the flashback is so large I didn't want it to be distracting by being all in italics. So, a large dividing marker marks the start and end of it. Though the goal of this story is to answer the question stated in the summary, of course, this fictional piece is also intended to be an exploration of Círdan's character. What exactly possessed Círdan to give up Narya the Great? Let's find out. And thank you, Tori of Lorien , for your help! One last thing – I know that the people of Mithlond are rightfully called the Grey-elves. But, for the sake of making it less confusing, I'll be referring to them as that and also as the Sea-elves because the Grey-elves are not only in reference to Círdan's people, but also other Sindar such as Celeborn. So, to narrow it down, I'll be using both names. Hope you don't mind. Enjoy the story! I just remembered to include this at the last minute. They're just a couple of sailing terms that will be used in the story that you might want to familiarize yourself with first. I didn't think of mentioning them until I remembered how confusing it was for me to get them all straight all those years ago when I first learned them. If you already know them, awesome! You get a cookie. :) If there are any others I didn't mention or something you don't understand, feel free to PM me. port/starboard = left side of the ship/right side of the ship bow/prow = front of the ship stern = rear of the ship (if someone says they're turning astern, it means their turning the ship around in the opposite direction) mast = upright spar of the ship that carries the sails masthead = top of the mast bulwark = section of the ship's side above the deck gunwale = "railing" along the top section of the bulwark hull = body of the ship keel = spine of the ship tiller = handle for the steering oar telltale = the pennant that indicates the wind's direction reef = to bundle parts of the sail in against the yardarm to reduce the sail area trim = adjusting the sail to a certain angle to insure efficient sailing stay (back/fore) = the heavy ropes that support the mast (back/front, pretty obvious, right?) yardarm = a wooden pole, or spar, that carries the sail when hoisted up the mast I hope you enjoy the story! I certainly had fun writing it. Happy reading! "My soul is full of longing for the secret of the sea, and the heart of the great ocean sends a thrilling pulse through me." ~ Henry Wadsworth Longfellow Chapter 1 Mithlond, 1001 TA Glorfindel, swaying to the gentle trot of his mare, gave a sly smile. "You are doing it again." Elrond's mind snapped back to the present, hearing the amusement in his Seneschal's voice. And then he gave a wan smile, shaking his head in self-admonishment. "I cannot help it and you know it," he said, though he couldn't find it in himself to sound angry or irritated, for far too content he was. "Ever since I was little this sensation has always persuaded me to drop my guard and become utterly relaxed." Glorfindel chuckled. "How sweet," he teased. "You are letting your inner child break through for all to see." Elrond sent a glare to him and he chuckled again. "You also make an easy target to tease when you are like this." He saw Elrond open his mouth, no doubt to quickly refute that statement and prove it false, and he gestured lightheartedly to let it drop. "I know, Elrond," he said, equal content obviously present in him as well. "You need not explain it to me. Out of all the long years I have lived, in both of my lives, I have never become used to the sensation you speak of, or of how it lifts my spirit each time." Elrond unconsciously nodded in agreement. He couldn't imagine anybody not being able to agree to that. And, once again, his mind started to drift off. He didn't necessarily think of anything. He simply allowed the bliss to seep through his being and become fully relaxed again, teasing Elda beside him or not. He relaxed on the back of his horse, tilted his head towards the sky, enjoying the feeling of the warmth of the Sun, as he took a deep breath. His sense of smell was overwhelmed with the power of salt in the air. But it was a small sense that he could quickly dismiss at the sight of what lay before them. Mithlond was a Haven unimagined. He and Glorfindel had just passed through the inland homes of a large part of Mithlond's population. They were comforting shelters – cottages, some great and some small, but each quite easily represented the utter contentment the Sea-elves possessed. And now they were passing through Círdan's open gates – there was no immediate threat, after all – all the while making sure to rein in their mares' trot down to a slow walk. There was a constant stream of traffic moving in and out through the gates, people carrying bundles on their backs or in carts, taking them to their various homes before settling for the evening. But they passed through, returning the brief nods of welcome from the guards stationed on either side. Both Elrond and Glorfindel were familiar faces in the Grey Havens, he knew, and were, therefore, seldom barred from the gates with the formulaic command to be recognized. But now they entered the heart of the city, an elaborate stone labyrinth that extended for miles across the land and up both of the north and south coasts, becoming incredibly busy and haphazard at the mouth of the River Lhûn, people meandering about across the cobblestones. But it was an architecture that had a beauty of its own, a beauty that no other Elven realm could possess and that was the beauty that age defined. The stone that crafted the city was worn smooth and stood with an ancient delicacy of its own. Rather randomly, Glorfindel's words came back to him and he looked to him in slight confusion. "Wait, Glorfindel, you say that you are not used to it? Out of all the time you spent with the Elves in Aman, not to mention here?" Glorfindel smiled. "That is different, Elrond. These Elves are different." Elrond had to concur with that, for the sensation that Elrond so eagerly welcomed was wrought by the Elves of the Havens alone. The people here were more content, more at peace than any other Elf in Middle-earth, for the city had never been plagued or tainted by the evil hand of Sauron. But more than that, Círdan and his people remained distinct from all other Elves in many ways, which was why Elrond and many others found the aura they emanated very foreign. It was a different living of a different folk, an indescribable something that he wished the people of his own realm would be granted, for Mirkwood and the forests of Lórinand to be granted, for he truly believed that it would provide them a better living, to be more at peace in a world gone awry. But no; that something came only hand in hand with Círdan's folk, unfortunately, for they were so apart from the inland Elves that they could seldom be understood or a bridge ever formed with them. And their voices, Elrond thought absently. In all the years he had been living and across all the lands he had traversed in Middle-earth he had heard many Elves sing and they had sung many tunes. But no Elf, of any place, he had learned, could sing more beautifully than the Sea-elves. Even now, as he and Glorfindel lead their horses closer to the harbor, they could hear a few Elves here and there lifting their voices together. But it always sounded as though their voices were being borne on the wind instead of coming from their own persons. Ever since his childhood, he had always equated their voices to be carrying the sound of the waves. And in the tales he had told his children, it had been the vast Sea singing itself, for, in their voices, one could always hear the yearning they burned with for the Waters. Though, hearing that harmonious sound again, he didn't believe he was far from the truth. Glorfindel's voice, once again, interrupted his musings. "Do you know what to speak about with him?" he asked lowly, cautious of the people that could overhear. Elrond glanced at his serious demeanor and sighed. "There is nothing much to speak of, my friend. It is all very simple. I only hope that Círdan will be able to answer it. You know how vague he can be." Glorfindel nodded. "Vague to the point of frustration, correct?" "Correct." If he answers at all, Elrond added silently. Approximately a year ago, Elrond and his House had been graced by the visit of a rather strange, old Man. Or, at least, he appeared to be a strange, old Man, Elrond thought. Mithrandir, he had said his name was. And the old being, whatever he was, seemed to get a great thrill in being extremely vague and mysterious himself whenever he had the opportunity to be. While becoming acquainted with him, Elrond received the impression that he was rather amused by it as well. But what alarmed him to no end was when, in the privacy of his own study, this Mithrandir presented his hand before him and the red-stoned Ring on it. Narya. Elrond was still flummoxed to no end why Círdan had decided to give the Elven Ring to a stranger. Sure, Mithrandir was kind. He was wise. He was strong-willed, but…why? Mithrandir had provided no answer, of course, save for the amused twinkle in his eye, which, for some unexplainable reason, disarmed him. But – "Stop thinking about it, Elrond." Glorfindel's voice interrupted him yet again. "You will get your answers soon enough." Elrond rolled his eyes at that and said nothing. But he didn't have to. They finally reached the harbor; the many graceful ships moored against the docks that extended at least twenty meters and Elves going to and fro, the port proving to be as busy as ever. Even now, a ship, sails reefed, was coming into port, the Elves on the dock waiting for those on deck to throw them the mooring lines. The drawbridge, to which they were heading, elevated high above the water, was massive. The four towers, two on either side and reinforced by iron, were linked by heavy rope