Take My Hand Summary: A great fear has blanketed the Elves of Lothlórien. Haldir, amidst his worry, wonders why Galadriel is certain it will pass. It's certainly not because of any far-seeing or wisdom, but something far different... Disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing of the marvelous world of the revered Tolkien, save Tordren. I also do not own the uploaded "book cover" for this particular story. If this is ill-suited for any purpose for anyone, I will gladly take it down, all you need to do is ask. But please inform me so before rudely going to delete my story without warning. Thank you. A/N : In this story, I decided to explore a side of Galadriel that is rarely seen in fanfiction, at least I rarely see it; the role of a wife. In this one-shot there will be a flashback. I don't want such a large section of this one-shot to be all in italics so it will be noticeably separated by a marker. That will be when the flashback begins and likewise when it ends. I know that having it in italics for as long as it would be will make it hard to read, so I wanted to avoid that as much as possible. It's not all melancholy and gloom either. There is some humor at the end. So bear with me! :) And this story was inspired by something that was said by Tori of Lórien . So thanks for the inspiration! Whatever it was. And thanks for all the help you gave me. :) I hope you all enjoy and please review! I welcome all words of both comments, critics, questions and any concrit is a definite welcome. Just no flames please. Happy reading! Galadriel rushed down from the talan that she shared with her beloved husband as quickly as her feet would carry her. The cover of night enveloped the woods of Lothlórien, but as ever, a peaceful veil settled over the inhabitants with a promise of a peaceful night's slumber, the air wholesome and the woods feeling as a pristine bubble of the Elder Days. But not for her lady. Galadriel swept across the cool grass even quicker, her focus solely on her destination. She could feel her heart flutter in her chest as she fought away the last remnants of sleep. She could feel him. Distance and meager and thin the connection was, but she could feel him. And that was all that mattered, for it meant that the fëa of her love had not yet fled to the arms of a being of higher power. But she could feel that it was by a miracle's intervention that he had not yet. He was alive and she felt both relief and alarm flood her senses at that. There were few Elves about and those that were seen were among the Galadhrim, remaining faithfully at their posts despite the news they had just received. Word spread fast after all, even under the cover of night. Wishing to retain her dignity, Galadriel managed to refrain from running, but resigned to make it a very quick walk. But in all honesty, she didn't care at the moment what the few Elves about thought of her quick trot. Some might think that she would maintain her poise, her elegance and serenity even in the direst of times. But this was her husband; all that mattered now was getting to the healing ward, which normally only a couple hundred steps away, now felt to be a wild trek in her worry-laden mind. The Elves of the Galadhrim watched their lady fly right past them, her urgency to reach her destination evident. Despite their concern, they had to commend her – in all actuality, they were surprised that she wasn't running. It had been well past the mid of night when they had spotted a hand-maiden ascend their lord and lady's talan and, only a moment after, descend back to the cool earth. After a quick inquiry, they quickly became informed of the desperate situation. How they wished they could have been there to protect him - to die for him. Their respect and loyalty to their lord was unending. How they wished…. Galadriel reached the healing ward and weaved her way through the meandering healers outside the entrance. None dared to get in the way, not of a worried lady, but of a fretting wife. It certainly wasn't their right to, after all. Before entering, she gently touched the shoulder of one of the assistant healers. "Which room does he lay in, young one?" she asked. Her voice remained steady, but the worry clearly shown in her eyes. The young maiden, who couldn't help but feel compassion at seeing such prominent fear, pointed through the doorway. "He was taken to the last room at the end of the hall, my lady. That is all I know." Galadriel gave what she hoped was a reassuring smile. "Thank you," she said quietly, and within ten seconds she was in the room indicated. It was quiet. Very quiet. She swiftly entered the room and felt her feet freeze in place and her heart stop. The room was illuminated by only a lowly lit lantern and the curtains were drawn back, the sheets of the bed pristine and light. Towards the opposite wall was the master healer, cleaning and organizing the healing supplies on the table before him. His countenance was grim and not at all reassuring as he worked with rigidity, as if the cleaning of blood off his tools was a routine his hands were accustomed to. Next to the bed was a hard wooden chair and sitting on it was Haldir. The lord and lady had such faith in this guard and were humbled by his loyalty to them and they were waiting with impatience to announce his promotion to marchwarden. But his loyalty was proven now; he was off duty, yet here he sat next to his lord. But he was silent. Not one word passed from his lips and his worry could be seen with every contour of his body. But Galadriel saw none of it. Frozen in the doorway, her eyes were locked on the being of her beloved. Elves in general were pale, but he seemed to have taken on the paleness of a corpse. Shadows surrounded his closed eyes and his lips were white. Covering his body from the shoulders down were two sheets, but spread all along the top of the sheets were several pounds of crushed ice. He was visibly shivering and his breathing was audibly erratic. But what terrified her was the tension of his countenance, as if he could still feel the pain, even in sleep. He looked to barely have a grip on life. Celeborn…Ai Elbereth, I beg of you not to take him from me . "My lady…." As if being shaken out of a daze, she turned her attention to Tordren, their head healer, who looked at her with a compassion that only a healer could have. Though she maintained eye contact, she couldn't help but noticed the blood stains on his robes and the weariness of his features. She moved closer to Tordren and tried to stay focused instead of rushing to her beloved. "Tordren, please, tell me what happened," she said quietly. Her voice still remained calm, but this time there was a noticeable shudder in it and Tordren could see the light line of tears rimming her eyes, the kind of tears that are derived from the panicked alarm racing through one's body. He nodded with a small sigh. He was truly exhausted. "He has severe head trauma," he said quietly, in an attempt not to break the concentrated muse of Haldir. "There is a laceration on the left side of his head that luckily avoided the temple and it required eleven stitches. The skull around the wound is fractured and the pressure inflicted to cause such a wound would explain his unconsciousness. Captain Haldir informed me that the skirmish involved a group of Men and that it was they who attacked Lord Celeborn. Their blades had already been stained with the Orc blood when they wounded him, thrice in the torso. Thus, a heavy infection has set. I am sure Captain Haldir can inform you of the events that happened. He has lost an alarming amount of blood and he currently has a low grade fever, but I am very concerned that it might escalate to being very dangerous. That is why I have him covered in ice. Six others of the patrol were wounded, but they are well on their way to recovery." He couldn't help but feel a sense of empathy for his lady as she once again looked at her husband, the fear and terror evident in her eyes. From the strain of her body, Tordren could tell that she was doing her best not to rush over to him. "My lady?" Galadriel snapped her gaze back over to Tordren and bowed her head apologetically and took a deep breath to calm the nervousness. "I apologize, Tordren. You can understand my fear." He nodded and she glanced back over to her unconscious husband. "Will he be well?" He gave what he hoped was a reassuring smile. "Lord Celeborn is strong, my lady," he said, his voice laced with indemnity. "I am confident that he will respond well to the medication. My main worry is the head wound and his fever." He gestured towards the door. "There will be a healer placed outside. The ice must remain on him until his fever breaks. If he begins to sweat, I have informed the warrior Haldir that he is to notify the healer to come and get me. Likewise, should he wake I told him that I want to be summoned. Worry not, Lady Galadriel," he stressed again. "That he will fully recover I believe with full confidence." Galadriel nodded. "Thank you, Tordren," she said. "Is there anything I can do for him in the meantime?" "To be honest, my lady, the best thing you can do is to return to your rest," he said. "You will be informed of the slightest change, for better or for worse." Galadriel was already shaking her head adamantly. "My place is beside my husband," she said, her glare daring him to deny her this. "I will not leave him." Tordren nodded in understanding. He knew it was practically pointless to separate any bonded couple in a time of need, but he knew it was worth a try. He then turned his attention over to Celeborn with a thoughtful look. "There is nothing you can really do, my lady. The best thing you can do is wait and inform me if there is any change." He glanced worryingly at Haldir before taking a step closer to Galadriel. "There is one more thing you should be informed of, my lady," he murmured in a low voice that, even with elven hearing, was hard to pick up. "From what he has told me, I am able to conclude that Captain Haldir feels guilty for what happened to my lord. I know not the details of the attack, but I am confident that the guilt is misplaced." Galadriel looked over Tordren's shoulder to Haldir and suddenly understood the rigidity that he sat with. "Thank you, Tordren," she said. "I will speak with him." As Tordren made his exit, Galadriel took up the other hard chair and placed it beside the bed. She could feel the cold of the ice as she leaned over her husband to spy the injury to his head and she couldn't help but cringe. It was ugly. The darkness of the stitches was such a contrast to his fair hair and skin. The wound had been cleaned, but all around the laceration was deep bruising and discoloration that traveled from the corner of his