'Bout to disclaim the shit out of this... I don't own any characters you recognise. So blame me not for this shitty personalities...Though I take full responsibilty for the OOC craziness you are about to witness. You have been warned. Beta'd by the darling Petersgirl. CHeck out her stuff on here. . Act I . Renesmee. No, she refused to be called that. What were these beings thinking, giving her such a title? Absolutely not. Being merely two minutes, thirty seven seconds old didn't mean she wasn't allowed to give herself a name. Obviously she would need one that would strike fear into the hearts of her prey. Something powerful! "Who's a pretty baby?" The light haired female was cooing at her again. Bitch, of course I'm pretty! Instead of voicing her annoyance at this infernal female, the hybrid child made adorable gurgling noises to appease the female's insistent rubbish mumblings. This was rubbish. Her present situation was complete rubbish. She was hungry. Very hungry. The female that birthed her was the perfect first meal, it was her purpose after all. She was going to eat her as soon as she was placed on the female's bosom. But then she saw the dark haired female's eyes. There was emotion, affection maybe, in her eyes. Thus, upon her first bite, she decided to give the woman a chance at a new life. They would change her. Make her stronger. Then the woman would be a suitable companion for the future. The baby sensed the power in the female. Remarkable. Like the female's blood. And now she was even hungrier. She moved her eyes up to stare into the dark eyes of the female holding her. The female cooed again and lifted her up in the air. It was exhilarating for the wee infant. Another presence. She looked up and saw the male who'd managed to earn second place on her shit list. 'Throw it out the window.' A small growl left the infant's lips, but for the adults it sounded like a giggle. Or they were just in denial. The male stared into her eyes and fell to his knees. The baby felt a foreign presence, an entity she deemed malicious, attempt to attach itself onto her. NO! She pushed back. The female who birthed her had given her another gift. Shield. Protect. Defy this magic. The man gasped and choked, falling backwards to land on his ass. The female carrying her spun to glare at the male. Good, the baby thought, one less person to kill immediately. "What's wrong with you dog? Need a flea bath?" the light haired female hissed. The man seemed to gain back some coherence, he returned to his feet and snarled at the woman, "That thing killed her!" Thing. He may have just moved up her 'Must eat' list. The first was the being that helped in her creation, only to want to end her the moment he was aware of her existence. "So what?" the light haired female hissed, pulling the infant into her chest in an act of protection. The infant hissed. She was ignored. This female wanted her, what was the word—mother—, dead. The male growled deeply and crouched. A shimmering in the air made the infant stiffen. The female attempted to shield her, but she bit down on the female's arm, cracking the marble like skin. Sweet velvet liquid seeped into her mouth and down her throat. Marvelous. It was better than the red liquid of her mother. Powerful, invincible. Addictive. Air rushed pass her ears. The female was running. From what? She didn't care much. The taste of the life fluid was too good to ignore. More. The female hissed and lagged in her running. The baby bit harder. More liquid flowed. The female finally stopped and fell to the ground. "Renesmee darling. Stop." The female pleaded, trying to pry the infant away from her shoulders. No. It's too delicious. Growls. Howls. Noise that disturbed her feast. The female succumbed. Slumped to the ground and lay stiff, her skin looked…dead. Pale, but there was no life. Grey and hollow. Her face was sunken in, her eyes wide open but no life remained. Another growl. The baby pulled away from the cadaver of the light haired female. She sat up on the female's chest and looked around. Silver liquid dripped from her chin. The face of an angel. A howl. She bared her teeth, her eyes narrowed, taking in the new prey. Three—now five large canines surrounded her, watching. Confused. Stronger. So very stronger she felt. The large black canine moved closer, its teeth bared. Her eyes shifted. They were no longer brown. They took on an animalistic green and amber combination. Her pupils morphed into cat-like slits. She licked her lips at the scent of the animals. They smelt like that male. Prey. Strong prey. They would make her stronger. She licked her lips again, her small baby hands moved up to her mouth. An innocent image. An innocent baby harmless. The canine stepped closer and sniffed. The baby let out a little giggle. The wolf back peddled. Impossible. There was no way that this infant could possibly be a newborn. It was too big. But only minutes ago when Jacob had phased and sent him a mental message, this infant was tiny, barely able to sit up. How? Spawn! Demon! All those words seemed so distant. Looking into the child's cat-like eyes. Innocent. Pure. Beautiful. Until it smiled. Fangs. Long and sharp, perturbed the infant's mouth. Inked with the silver venom of the vampire it had just fed on. A creature that fed on vampires. Impossible, but there plain as day. An ally. Something to help in their fight against the cold ones. No, kill it. His brothers shouted. Dangerous. Unknown. Deadly. If it could take down a vampire, what would it do to them? The decision was made when Jacob bounded forward, jaws wide to snap at the child. Gone. The child was gone millisecond before they could process it. Jacob tumbled over the stiff from of Rosalie Hale. A giggle resonated through the trees, "Bad doggie." The voice of a sweet angel, a child in the midst of playtime. It spoke. The wolves didn't have time to react. The Cullens were there, fighting, attacking as if in war. Edward Cullen was missing. Chaos reigned as the wolves and vampires battled. The child, now somewhat smaller than a toddler sat naked in one of the trees. So many prey. She giggled. The rustic brown wolf looked up at her. She clapped her hands when it tried to jump to her level. Looking around she accessed the situation. She couldn't attach with this level of chaos. She was still a suckling. Her size could be used at an advantage but it was a risk. Lead the wolf away. Ambush it. She bounded from tree to tree heading back towards the structure that held her mother, knowing that the wolf was following on the ground. Sliding down the tree, she crawled into the clearing of the back yard seconds before the wolf tumbled out of the trees. It saw her and rushed. Her eyes, still in slits, zeroed in at her prey. Closer. Large canine teeth, covered in drool obstructed her vision for a second. And then she was on its back, her tiny fists full of brown fur, holding her in place. The creature rolled onto its back in attempt to get her off. Her hands tightened. A low rumbling growl was heard, followed by a whine when she started pulling its fur to expose the skin underneath. She bit down, hard, and a howl filled the air. While the venom of the vampire was cold, sweet and thick, the blood of the shifters was warm and savory. It went down like silk, tickling her throat with its warmth. The wolf yowled in distress and rolled onto its back, but she held on. Her fangs embedded into the thick skin, her hands gripping fur tightly. She would not let go. Not until she had her fill. He went limp, much like the vampire female. Her saliva was working as a paralyzing agent. Good, now she could drink in peace without its trashing about. The body shimmered, morphing back into its human form, but she was still latched onto its neck. Her prey went dry all too soon. She crawled off the body and sat beside it, staring into the lifeless eyes that had tears running down to the cold dirt. She heard the battle in the distance. It was moving closer. Something else grabbed her attention. The sound of heartbeat. Her mother. On hands and knees she crawled up the stairs, thankful for the boost the fluids of her prey give her. Through the door, up the stairs, into the room she knew held her mother. No one was here to look over her. To protect the woman through her change. Irresponsible. The beings of this group were irresponsible. They were battling the large canines. Looking for her, maybe? She climbed into the bed and laid across her mother's chest. The smell of blood was inviting but she was sated. The wound were she'd emerged wasn't healed, but the scent of venom permitting the room meant that her mother would change. Change into prey. Weak prey. The venom in her was weak. No, her mother had to be strong. Stronger than prey. But not stronger than her. She brought her tiny fingers to her mouth, her fangs elongated. A prick to the finger allowed a droplet of her dark blood to come forth. She reached forward and stuck her finger into her mother's mouth. It would be enough. Her mother would be prey, but not prey. Her mother jerked slightly, causing the infant to sit up on her chest. It was working. She knew . It was hard-wired into her to know everything about her existence. She was the ultimate predator. Someone entered the room. She turned and met the golden stare of the tall, light haired man. Scars adorned his skin. Powerful. Strong. Worthy. Like her mother. Calming, but dangerous. Special. Like her mother. "Renesmee." The male spoke, she snarled, exposing her fangs. His eyes went wide, but that was the only indication of surprise. He stood stoic, staring at her. His eyes moved to her mother. She leaned in, her eyes still on him and touched her mother's cheek, "Ma." That invoked a reaction. He exhaled loudly and nodded, "Yes. She is your mother. Do not harm her." The baby giggled and shook her head, "Ma stwong." "…" "You stwong." She pricked her finger again and held the hand out to him. He needed to be strong like her mother, if he was to protect her. She couldn't do it. Not yet. There was a world she needed to see. Prey to hunt. He stared at her hand, his mouth hanging open. He didn't move. It annoyed her. "Dwink!" she ordered in her angelic child-like voice. "No." He said firmly and took a step closer, "Renesmee." She growled and pulled back her hand, the small wound already healed. Her plump cheeks vibrated cutely, but the meaning was obvious. She was annoyed. "You don't like that name?" another step closer. She shook her head and pouted. He was now standing beside the bed. His eyes accessed both her and her mother. He sniffed and frowned, "Not enough venom." He whispered to himself. The baby nodded in agreement. He moved to pick her up but she jumped, right off the bed and onto the floor. She pointed to her mother, "Fix." He blinked. He was being ordered around by a baby. A baby with fangs and cat-like eyes. No, scratch that, they were brown again. Now the baby was glaring. It make him cringe, he felt ice go up his spine. What the fuck is happening here? He didn't