Crimson Chaos Summary: Blood, Blood, Blood…Why is that the only bloody thing I think about? There I go again…Sometimes I wish those freaky cloak wearing douche bags had killed and drained me instead of turning me into this parasitic monster! Actually, I find myself loathing the fact that they didn't. They're fooling themselves if they think I'm going to stay here! Characters description: *Ashley Turner aka 'Ash' – 19 yrs, 5'9", thick in the right places, silver white long hair, purple eyes, olive skin tone. Has a strange strain of albinism which gives her hair and eyes their color but her skin isn't affected. *Tyler – 20 yrs, African American, tall and muscular. *Sandy – 21 yrs, Red hair, hazel eyes, pale, short and thin *Suki – 19 yrs, Japanese decent, long pink hair, brown eyes, tall and thick *Nekei – 19 yrs, southern bell, brown hair, green eyes, tall and lean. *Jasco – 20 yrs, mixed East Indian, African, Italian and Portuguese, black emo hair, brown eyes, tall and muscular Chapter 1 Some time before… Summer Break bitches! Yeah you heard me. And where's the best place to be during summer break? ITALIA! Siena, Italy, to be precise. Another next best thing about this summer is that I'm here with all my favorite people (besides my grandparents) my preeminent friends ever. This summer is to celebrate the end of our first year at college. And we deserve this. After all, having to make your parents proud by going to an Ivy League college like Yale can have its toll on your adventurous side. So now to the introductions. My name is Ashley Turner. I'm currently 19 and three quarters, 5' 9", thick (^_^) in the right places (sorry I'm not into sick looking skinny. I love my firm ass and round corners), due to a strange strain of albinism I have long Silver white hair, purple eyes, but oddly my skin isn't dead pale, I can tan, so therefore I have a natural looking olive skin tone. I tried dying my hair but it didn't keep. Thankfully my ear brows weren't the silver color, so it wasn't obvious that I had this strain of albinism. My best friends as I mentioned before are Tyler, Sandy, Suki, Nekei and Jasco. Tyler and Sandy are…pretending that they don't like each other when everyone in our inner circle knows the want to shag each other, Suki and Nekei on the other hand have no problem displaying their strong feelings for each other (personally I think they're made for each other) and then there's Jasco, who by some miracle hasn't run for the hills with all the couple drama in our group. He's also my best friend; we grew up together, so we've seen each other in our worst moments. Our true relationship is…complicating. We just got to the hotel where we're staying during this two week vacation. Thanks to Tyler's links in higher places, we got the penthouse, which conveniently had three rooms so Sandy and I, Suki and Nekei, and Tyler and Jasco will be sharing the rooms. While unpacking I heard shouts coming from outside. I jogged out into the relatively large living space, only to find my idiot friends on the balcony shouting happily as they all leaned over the balcony rail. I rolled my eyes but went out nonetheless, "You fucking idiots! What are you doing? People will think we're a bunch of crazy ass American psychopaths and call the po po!" They stopped their screaming and turn to look at me in sync but it was Suki who answered, "They'll be doing a civic duty." I laughed besides myself, "Too true. But we can't have the Italian men thinking that now can we?" I grinned. Nekei squealed, "Fuck, you're right!" Suki narrowed her eyes at her and I just giggled. After propping myself up on the balcony rail, I turned back to my friends who were now busy caressing each other, sans Jasco. He came over to stand beside me, resting his hands on my legs. "So what are we doing tonight?" Jasco asked the general crowd. "Let's go swimming!" Sandy chirped as she bounced on her heels. We all just stared at her with vacant expressions. "Pass, I like my toes." Suki joked as she poked Tyler in the side. He flinched and scowled at her. Suddenly an idea hit, so I shot my arms in the air, forgetting that they were keeping me steady on the balcony. I began to fall backward but Jasco grabbed my waist and pulled me off the rail. I carelessly wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist and did not let go. My eyes were still wide with shock as the adrenaline from me almost falling off a thirty story building began to fade. I ignored the cussing coming from my friends and just released Jasco from the tourniquet my limbs created around him. After my feet landed on the ground I giggled sheepishly, "Whoops!" Jasco glared at me and hit my forehead with the palm of his hands, "I promised nana I'd get you back in at least two pieces, not in a mush!" I frowned and rubbed my forehead, but didn't have time to soothe it because my other friends began to hit me. I eventually shoved them all away and shouted, "FUCK! I had an idea of where to go dammit. Stop hitting me." I breathed to calm myself. "Our pause is your cue to tell us where…" Tyler rolled his eyes. I flipped him the bird. "A night club. There's one pretty close to here." I said rubbing my chin as I thought of an outfit suitable for European clubbing. "How do you even know that?" Nekei asked suspiciously. She was convinced that I was a spy for the government, for whatever reason. "Unlike you morons, I read the guide and I googled night clubs in Siena." I smirked as I strutted back into the penthouse living room. They followed me like the little bitches they were. "I'm confused…we are her friends right?" Suki asked someone, I assumed it was Jasco. He probably nodded. "Ok…so why does she always cuss us out?" she asked again. "Because I love you…" I chuckled as I went back to my packing. Later that night… After dressing appropriately in a short tight metallic dress, black platforms, bronze make up and my hair let down in all its silvery glory I grabbed my clutch and strutted out to the living area, giving Sandy some time to get ready. "Ash. I need your help!" Jasco shouted from his room. I groaned and walked into the bedroom. "WTFDYW?" I asked in a 'like what' voice. "Huh? I don't speak retard." He raised an eye brow. "What the fuck do you want?" I asked in a glare. He held up two shirts, one a dark blue and the other a silk red. I plopped down on the bed and looked back at them. I pointed to the red one. While he was buttoning up the shirt, I couldn't help but admire him. "When did you get so hot?" I asked in a yarn. He looked over to me swiftly and I could see the panic in his expression. I threw myself back on the bed in laughter, "You look like I just panty raped you!" He groaned, "What the hell is panty rape?" I continued laughing, "Stole your underwear…while you still had it on!" I rolled over to lie on my stomach, so I was backing him. "Honestly woman, what the hell?" he laughed. I shrugged nonchalantly and rolled back onto my back, looking up at the dark ceiling. He chuckled darkly, which made me look up at him, only to see him run forward and jump on top of me. But his strong arms stopped the rest of him before they crushed me. I squeaked out my protest as both his arms were at either side of my face and he leaned in a bit too close. I tried pushing against his chest to get him off, but he leaned in closer, an evil grin playing on his lips. "So you think I'm hot?" his warm breath hit my face. I narrowed my eyes at him as he angled his lips closer to mine. Fucking dick was playing with me, and not in a good way. So I brought my legs between his, he opened his a bit wider, probably thinking it was something like an invitation, and I kneed him in the pleasure region. He let out a painful grunt as he collapsed on me, being the little tom boy that I am, I easily pushed him off and got off the bed. "I'm fucking sick of you and your games Jazz. Make up your mind, do you want me or not?" I shouted exasperatedly and stormed out to room, only to see a curious Tyler peek out the bathroom. I couldn't take it anymore, one minute we're best friends, the next we're complicated exes who can't seem to move on…It gets tiring. Anyways, due to Jasco's immotile state, he had to stay home, while everyone else went clubbing. CLUB TIME! [Knock em out by Lily Allen] Cut to the pub on our last night out, Man at the bar cos it was his shout, Clocks this bird and she looks OK, Caught him looking and she walks his way, "Alright darling, you gonna buy us a drink then?" "Err no, but I was thinking of buying one for your friend..." She's got no taste hand on his waist, tries to pull away but her lips on his face, "If you insist I'll have a white wine spritzer" "Sorry love, but you ain't a pretty picture." [Chorus] Can't knock em out, can't walk away, Try desperately to think of the politest way to say, Just get out my face, just leave me alone, And no you can't have my number, "Why?" Because I've lost my phone. Oh yeah, actually yeah I'm pregnant, having a baby in like 6 months so no, yeah, yeah... "I recognize this guy's way of thinking..." As he comes over her face starts sinking, She's like, "Oh here we go.." It's a routine check that she already knows, she's thinking: "They're all the same." "Yeah you alright baby? You look alright still, yeah what's your name?" She looks in her bag, takes out a fag, tries to get away from the guy on a blag, can't find a light, "Here use mine" "You see the thing is I just don't have the time." We elegantly made our way into the club, after almost tackling the bouncer and the skank with the 'guest list'. The bitch knew that my name was there but she had to make me take off my shoe to beat her. Thank you Suki and Sandy for holding me back. So we stroll into the club and surprisingly their playing songs that I actually know. Edward Maya is a beast! After getting several drinks, occupying a booth and my ass getting numb for all the sitting I ran to the dance floor and got my freak on with some random hot ass pale guy with red contacts. For some reason my mind is screaming at me to back away from this guy, but I don't. I didn't even pay attention to his face, a glimpse told me he was handsome, but he could move, so I ignored the subconscious pleas for me to get away. They guy barely even touched me but when he did I felt a cold emitting from his skin. And then the dark angel pulled me closer, I was backing him so my back was facing him. He wrapped cold hard hands around my waist and leaned in and sniffed my hair. Creeper much. He made a throaty sound as he inhaled again. "What's your name?"