Leo Valdez tried to rub the oil from his brow just to smear it across his face. "There had to be a leak now?" He groaned. "Leo?" A voice called. "Time for dinner." "Be right up Pipes," he tried to sound cheery. With a few more twists on the screws it was firmly in place, the new pipe sticking out brightly from its stained neighbors. Testing every inch of it he took out an equally filthy rag and tried fruitlessly to wipe of his face. "Leo!" Percy's voice rang down the hall. "I'm coming!" The latino stood, shoving his tools back in his belt and ascended the stairs. "Yikes," Percy grinned. "You look like the inside of a grill." "I feel like one," Leo tried to wipe his hands but only succeeded in making them darker. "I'm going to change." "Smart plan, see you in a bit," Percy waved, walking down the hall. An oil stained shower, four charred looking towels and a brand new set of clothes later Leo looked more like a human being. You could still see the oil hiding in the roots of his hair and the gentle creases in his eyes. But whether they were smile lines or frown lines no one could tell. The most of the disaster was gone however and he was satisfied with himself. Unfortunately he couldn't find a bandanna to keep his unruly mess of hair back. Finally giving up on the dark mop he headed to the dining room where his crew mates were finishing of the last bits of their dinner. "What's up?" He grinned, swinging into the room, hand on the door jam. "Leo!" Piper smiled, relieved. "We were starting to think you'd drowned in the shower," Jason chuckled. "You should've seen him!" Percy kicked a chair away from the table for the shorter boy. Nodding his thanks Leo took the chair. "I wish I could argue," he smiled. "You shouldn't work so hard," Annabeth frowned. "You know I'm always willing to help." "Just an oil leak," Leo pulled a plate toward him as a large burger and a massive side of fries appeared. "I could've still helped." Leo took the burger in one hand and waved her off with the other. "Looked worse than it was," he swallowed with difficulty. "Think you bit off more than you can chew?" Hazel eyed the plate. "Never," Leo grinned. And indeed he managed another one and finished off all the fries within a few minutes. "Where do you keep it all?" Frank turned from his conversation with Annabeth to stare at his plate. Annabeth's jaw dropped a little. "I thought Percy ate a lot." "I resent that," Percy kissed her cheek. She smiled and took his hand while Leo's cheeks burned with jealousy. He knew a certain island girl who he should be doing that to. Struggling down his motions he summoned a few more fries. "Leo..." Piper leaned back in her chair and ran a finger across the back of his ear. "How'd you manage to get oil there?" "Must have been from earlier," he shrugged. She shook her head. "You work too hard." "That may be," he pushed his clean plate aside and leaned his head on his arms. Piper's lips pursed. "I have to agree with Piper," Annabeth said. "I can always help." Leo made a small noise of disagreement. "I need you on deck while I'm below. With Hedge gone I need you steering." "That doesn't mean you have to run yourself ragged," Jason chimed in. "Yes daddy," Leo yawned. "Come in," Percy rolled his eyes. "You're like fifteen. We may be on a death quest but you don't have to act like an adult." "No time," Leo's eyes closed, his voice softer. "I've got to get this thing top notch by the time we land." The ship creaked with Festus's opinion. Making an extremely rude gesture at the ceiling both Frank and Hazel gasped. "Leo!" Piper was mortified. "If you want me to stop acting like a kid, stop acting like my parents," Leo's voice was so tired. "I can't decide if he's three years old or thirty," Annabeth rubbed her temples. The only answer was the Latino's gentle snores. His tiny outburst had drained him of whatever energy he had left and he'd dropped to the table, fast asleep. Piper's horrified expression melted into one of sisterly love. "Jason. Will you help me get this nut job into bed?" Jason nodded and lifted Leo onto his back. He was lighter than expected and he had no trouble setting Leo down into his bed. Piper stood by and watched as he curled into a ball on top of the covers, face buried in his arms still. Her smile was kind and almost motherly. "What's with the look?" Jason asked, draping his arm around her waist. "I don't know," Piper set her head on his shoulder. "I guess I was just thinking." "About?" "Leo. The others are right. He really doesn't act like a kid." "He's right though," Jason looked to the floor. "We don't really have time on this death quest." "Don't you dare call it that," she reprimanded. "And on that topic we all see to have time to stand here and talk, have a good dinner, take showers even. That leaves time to act your age. So why is Leo, out of all of us, down in the engine room all day?" The child of Jupiter had no answer. "That's what I thought," Piper shut Leo's door softly. Breakfast was normal for them. The night had been quiet the only problem being a heard of whales which had been quite loud. But other than that... nothing. No monster activity. For new demigods or inexperienced ones most would have thought of it as a blessing. But those in the dining room knew better. No one would admit it but everyone's teeth were on edge. Annabeth walked into the room with a strained smile. "I have the ship on autopilot for a while." "Did you see anything?" Frank asked. "No, clear skies all around and not a monster in sight," the daughter of wisdom sat next to her boyfriend. "Maybe the goddess Tyche is feeling kind today." "Doubtful," Jason shook his head. "Oh gods Jason," Piper smacked her boyfriends arm playfully. "Don't look a gift horse in the mouth." "I'm not looking it in the mouth," Hazel wrung her fingers. "But I'm still inspecting it." "Huh?" Piper tilted her head. "What Hazel said," Frank chimed in. "Doesn't anyone think it's strange that we haven't had at least a run in with any monsters?" "I know," Percy's brows furrowed. "It's a bit of a personal question but did anyone even have nightmares last night?" Frank shook his head. "Not demigod ones anyway. Just a stupid one about being chased by scissors." "We didn't need to know that Frank," Hazel sounding comforting while suppressing a giggle. The rest shook their heads as well. "So..." Annabeth rubbed her temples. "We haven't had any nightmares, monster attacks or bad weather. What's going on?" "You guys can't accept a good thing," Piper sighed and stood. "Maybe Leo had a nightmare and you can all relax." "He's still asleep?" Hazel asked. "He never sleeps in this late." "Busy day yesterday," Jason shrugged. "I mean, he fell asleep at the table." But Piper didn't hear the rest of the conversation. She walked down to the farthest room from the dining hall. The door remained firmly shut. Now that she thought about it Piper hadn't even seen him last night when the whales passed. "Leo?" She knocked loudly. "Time to get up." The only noise she heard was a soft yawn. It didn't sound like Leo. "Come on," she knocked louder. "Up!" High pitched whimpering could be heard from inside. "Leo," she sighed. "I'm coming in." Turning the knob she entered the uncomfortably warm room. But she couldn't see Leo. The lumpy form of the fifteen year old boy didn't seem to be there. Struggling for the light she flipped it on to be greeted with a terrifying sight. Shrieking in surprise she shot back down the hall, skidding to a stop in front of the dining room. "Piper?" Jason stood. "What's wrong?" "L-L-L..." Her face was pale and her billion color eyes were spread wide. Hazel walked to her and put her hands on the older girl's shoulders. "Piper, we need to know what happened." "Leo..." She looked like she was going to be sick, or pass out. "Is something wrong?" Frank came to join them. But Annabeth didn't wait for Piper's answer she pushed her breakfast away and ran down the hall, her quest mates close on her heals. They all paused outside the door, to worry about what they might see. "We've faced down titans, giants and monsters but we're all scared to open a door," Percy tried and failed to smile. Piper walked slowly behind them, mouth shut tight. Finally Frank took a deep breath and pushed open the door into the brightly lit room. Five of the seven glanced into the room. None of them knew what they expected. Maybe to see an injured boy, maybe he was choking, or bleeding, or maybe he just wasn't there at all. But whatever had been running through their heads instantly ceased at the sight. Inside, lying on the bed in a bundle of blankets was a small figure. It was no longer than Frank's lower arm and about as wide. Large doe brown eyes fluttered open and a tiny toothless mouth spread into a smile. Tiny tan hands rubbed curly brown hair out of its eyes before reaching up from the blankets, begging to be held. Hazel's gaze wandered to the floor where a pair of shoes, socks, pants and boxers sat. Blushing furiously she looked back to the tiny baby. It was wearing an oversize camp half blood tee-shirt. "L-Leo?" Percy managed. "Gah!" The baby wriggled joyfully hands reaching up to the son of Poseidon. "But... How?" Annabeth was a mix between disgusted, confused and terrified. "This can't be logical. How did it happen?" "I don't know," Frank looked nearly as red as Hazel. The bundled baby reached higher, his tiny fists clenching and unclenching. "What do we do?" Piper squeaked, finally making a noise. "Well we have to take care of him until we get him back to normal," Jason said, making no move to pick up the baby. It hiccupped, looking around at the others. Everyone jumped back, not sure what exactly to do. Suddenly its face screwed up as if he were in pain. "What...?" Hazel flinched. Then he began to wail loudly. "What do we do?" The question was asked again but this time no one was sure who said it. Percy bucked up some courage and, sitting on the bed lifted Leo from the blankets. One strong hand supported his tiny head as the baby laid in Percy's arms. He stopped crying almost instantly, smiling happily up at his protector. "Hey Leo," Percy cooed. "Gods Annabeth," Piper choked out a giggle. "He has more motherly instinct than you do." "I was at camp since I was seven I don't know babies." "Same here," Jason said. "I've been around kids but I've never had to look after anyone younger than eight." "My mother was known as a witch," Hazel said quietly. "It's not like I was asked to babysit a lot." "I lived in the middle of the woods," Frank eyed Leo carefully. "I babysat once or twice but not little kids." But Percy seemed to have to problem as he gently bounced the child back and forth; earning a giggle from the baby. Hesitantly, as if Leo might lash out, Annabeth sat down next to her boyfriend. Leo made a noise of excitement and held his arms out to her. Percy chuckled. "I've been outdone by a pretty girl. Smart plan kiddo." "Geeee,"