Many Meetings : Legolas' POV As I rode under the setting sun through the trees and fields towards Rivendell, in the distance I saw a single elf running towards me. I should've guessed Lord Elrond would've known of my coming. I rode to meet the stranger. He looked typical of the Rivendell elves, hair as dark as the blackest night, and piercing green eyes, as he came closer I saw the long white knife at his belt, and the warrior braids not unlike my own, but black not blonde. I dismounted and greeted him. "Mae Govannen, I am Legolas son of King Thranduil of the woodland realm. I come with important tidings." The dark haired elf smiled and replied, "greetings Legolas son of Thranduil, I am Lindir of the House of Elrond. My lord informed me of your coming, I will show you where you may rest and wash, there is to be a gathering in the Hall of Fire tonight, you will be most welcome." We began to walk along the winding paths to Rivendell, amongst the trees and the birds, down into the hidden valley. I had heard many tales of Imladris, but never before had I visited the last homely house myself, preferring to stay in the forests east of the misty mountains. "Lindir", an elven voice called. As my companion and I turned, I was suddenly faced with the greyest eyes I'd ever seen, hard, but somehow beautiful, stormy on the surface, but below a clear night's sky, I could see the whole universe in those eyes. The light of Eärendil himself shone deep in the glowing orbs that I was unknowingly staring into. I was strangely reminded of the tale of Beren and the Silmaril. As the object of my gaze blinked, I was shaken out of my daydream, and panicked. I should've been acting like a proper Elf-Prince should, and not like a young, awe struck Elfling. I was quite embarrassed. At last I became aware of two others, of remarkable likeness, Elrohir and Elladan, I remembered the twin sons of Elrond, and indeed I finally noticed the body attached to the eyes I had been, and still was captivated with. He stood tall, though not as tall as I, and my Elf kindred around us, he was clad in a forest green traveller's cloak, and high leather boots. As my gaze again rested on his face, I at first only saw a weather beaten man, and yes, he was most definitely a mortal. As I looked closer, taking in every detail of his worn, tanned face, I saw 'those' eyes, again making me feel quite breathless, framed by impeccable, arched, 'manly' eyebrows. A straight nose split his symmetrical features, and patchy stubble on his chin and upper lip surrounded a pair of perfect pink lips. Shell pink in fact, "ahhhhh," I thought, "I'm going mad," those lips, those EYES, indeed, I though I was going to faint, when I heard Lindir call my name. "W-what?" I stammered, startled. "Legolas," he repeated, "you have met Elrohir and Elladan." I nodded dazedly in their direction, they smiled almost ... knowingly at me. I turned my eyes away from their gaze. I was trying to act normally, like I should, but looking at the twins' expressions, I was obviously not succeeding. In truth, I was about to pass out. I only hoped the human hadn't noticed. "And Legolas, this is Aragorn, son of Arathorn, a ranger of the north, he dwelt here once, and is always our friend. We call him Estel, though he has many names." "Estel, Estel, Estel," squeaked a very annoying voice in the back of my head, "lalalalalala," I could only wonder if being immortal makes you go insane, when thinking of Elrond and Galadriel as examples, I could only think, "ILÚVATAR HELP ME!" I'm definitely going crazy. I was very worried. Suddenly the human, Estel, yes Estel! moved towards me, I shrank back. He extended his hand out to me. "I'm very pleased to meet you Legolas Thranduil's son," evidently while I was fearing for my sanity, Lindir had introduced me. I was stuck for words, what was I going to say to the beautiful man? I took his hand, trembling, and shook it, but I could not look him in the eye, not those eyes, lest I should faint. I finally opened my mouth, and instead of answering him in his tongue, which was the polite thing to do, I blurted out a load of elvish, none of which made any sense. Elladan chuckled. I blushed, and still, despite my centuries of language lore and reading of my father's books, I could not seem to utter a word of the common tongue. I cursed at myself under my breath, then took my chance and mumbled, "elen sila lumenn omentielvo, Estel." To my complete surprise, he understood, and answered me in Elvish, "Mae Govannen, Legolas." He smiled. I gaped at him in shock. With the last shred of dignity I possessed, I picked my jaw up off the ground, declared, "namarië," leapt on my horse, and rode off as fast as I could in the direction of the house of Elrond. On the way I was cursing myself, wondering if it was possible to shoot oneself with one's own bow, it seemed like a good option at the time, until I realised that it was quite impossible. As I rode into Imladris, a familiar face appeared in front of me, "halt, son of Mirkwood." I dismounted, "Arwen!" I smiled at my friend, we had met many summers ago in her grandparents' land of Lothlórien, where the golden mallorns grow. "How wonderful it is to see you again Prince Legolas," "likewise, my lady," I replied. "I will see your father soon, and I have already been invited to the gathering, but I ask you to please show me to my rooms, as I have ... lost my guide." Arwen smiled, "come, Legolas." Aragorn's POV After making sure that Frodo was safely in the care of Elrond, I made myself at home in, well, my home. After some days, a message came from the twins, who wished to see me. I immediately went to meet them. Of course, it was nothing important, as it always is with those two jokers, I mean, I knew elves were light-hearted, but those two are crazy, I wonder if being immortal makes you go insane, hmm, Elrond, yep, definitely insane. After wandering around the valley for a bit, making jokes, and play fighting (?) Yes, play fighting, (I was like, "I know you're only 2879 years old, but please try to act mature,") we saw two other elves, one leading a horse, a lovely grey mare. When we came up behind them, I recognised one of the elves, "Lindir," Elrohir called. Both Lindir, and the other elf turned around, I barely stifled a gasp, before me stood the most beautiful elf I'd ever seen, yes, he was male, I had to keep reminding myself, he was male. I had gotten used to Elrohir, Elladan, and Lindir, their looks indeed being slightly feminine, as is true of all male elfkind, but this elf was, exquisite. His hair, long, perfectly in place, even after his journey, blonde it was, so different from the twins', and Her's. His pale face, smooth and unblemished, how I itched to touch it. His lips were slightly parted and I ... no I HAVE to stop thinking like that! He was clad in Elven garb of brown and green, with beautiful patterns of silver covering the shoulders and arms, a brown leather belt about his rather small waist, and a brown cloak elegantly trailed the floor behind him. He was the picture of elven beauty, but the leather gauntlets on his arms, warrior braids in his hair, and bow, quiver and knives on his back reminded me once again that this was no delicate Elf-Maiden, but a hardened warrior, an Elven-Prince of a distant land. I looked him in the eyes, and was surprised at their depth, bright blue they were, and though they told the tales of many winters, there was a sparkle in them, of youth, despite him maybe being older than the twins. I suddenly realised the Elf was staring at me, startled, I blinked. He looked away, and seemed to be in a daze, only just acknowledging Elrohir and Elladan. Lindir introduced us, I stepped forward, offering my hand out to him, anticipating his touch, I greeted him, and he looked like he was trying to speak but couldn't. He took my hand, he was trembling, and both our hands were sweaty. He let go first, to my disappointment. He must've been very shy. At last he spoke, but it didn't make any sense, something about Beren wearing shell pink. I looked at the Elf questioningly. I heard Elladan chuckle, Legolas -the prince, the beautiful one, the lovely, gorgeous elf of my dreams, ahem, got a bit carried away there- blushed. How ADORABLE! After another few moments of silence, Legolas finally replied to my greeting, though in Elvish, perhaps he didn't speak the common tongue, strange though, for a prince, anyway, I replied with, "Mae Govannen, Legolas," and smiled. I thought the Elf was going to fall over from shock, he obviously thought I could not speak his tongue! I smiled to myself, he looked so cute, standing there gaping at me. Before I could say, or do anything, he had gracefully mounted his horse, said goodbye, and raced off to Rivendell. After he left, I sighed happily, forgetting the other three elves were still there, they stood around me, looking accusedly, Lindir said, "what do you think you're playing at?" I was worried that they might tell Her, but then Elladan laughed and I sighed again, relieved, Elrohir grinned at me, "Prince Legolas was a bit nervous eh?" Lindir chuckled, "yes, I wonder why?" They all looked at me laughing. "What!" I cried helplessly. Lindir looked back the way Legolas had gone, "there's no point in following him now, even if I was sent to guide him. In which case, I can join you three." He grabbed my arm and led us off to who knows where, to play fight some more, and no doubt, to tease me about the beautiful prince. And so, I was led off like a lamb to the slaughter. Ilúvatar help me. Legolas' POV After recovering from my earlier embarrassment I walked down the steps from my rooms, heading for the Hall of Fire, where songs would be sung, and tales be told. I sighed, tales of old of our immortal kin. Tales of woe, of the kinslaying, of the sacking of Menegroth, and of love, of Elwing and Eärendil, Beren and Luthien. Elves and Men, yes Elves AND MEN. I am an Elf, and Estel is a man! Oh shut up Legolas, you stupid elf! Forget about the human! I stepped into the hall, and went over to greet Elrond. After, I joined some of my fellow Mirkwood elves, who had departed from our home five moons ago. I sat, content with my surroundings, sitting with ELVES, in an ELVEN hall, with no MEN. As my friends discussed the troubles in the east, I looked around. Elrond sat on his grand seat at the head of the hall, clad in robes of blue and gold, talking to Glorfindel standing by him. Arwen sat to his right, deep in thought, her mind was troubled, I could see. In the corner was an elf-child, dangling his legs from the stool he sat. Nay, my eyes deceived me, for this was no elfling, yet he was smaller than dwarf or man, I will speak to Elrond of this strange being. Curly was his silver hair, and he had no shoes, I wonder. Puzzled, my eyes drifted back to Arwen, now she leaned forward, talking to a