Hey y'all :):):) This is the first FanFiction of written for Lord Of The Rings, so I hope it's not too bad :P I don't have a beta so all mistakes are regrettably my own I own nothing (unfortunately) - the wonderful world of Middle-earth belongs of course, to the masterful to J.R.R. Tolkien, and to Peter Jackson for his brill LOTR Film Trilogy Summary: Shadows can only claim victory when all hope is lost. Trust that your light will never fade should you wish for it to remain... When Legolas is captured and horrifically tortured, will his light fade of will hope come to save him? One-shot ;) Elvish Translations will be at the end of the story (I did my best with them :D) "..." - speech '...' - thoughts large amounts of writing in italics - flashbacks Anyway, I hope y'all enjoy it!!! Legolas struggled weakly as before, but it was futile and pointless. The chains that kept him suspended from the ceiling held him fast, his toes just scraping the floor. He panted tiredly, his biceps straining with the small slither of strength he still retained as they attempted to relieve the weight on his arms. He closed his eyes as a sharp stab of pain flashed behind his eyes and his whole body shuddered. Cuts, most still sore and bleeding, covered the entire length of his fair naked body. His pale skin was much too pale and sweat trickled from his brow: his whole image reflecting true agony. Each breath sent searing flames licking through his chest, devouring all in their paths. It was so hard to breathe… The trembling Elf drew in a wavering breath, eyelids fluttering as he fought to hold onto consciousness. He feared death, he feared the unknown places that lingered behind last breaths and dying words, the place where no-one could join him. " Saes, " he whispered to the empty room, knowing there was no-one there to answer. And even if there was, no-one would pay heed to his broken pleas. A sharp backhand forced the Elf's neck to crack back painfully, blood spurting from his cracked lips as it did so. He held back a whimper, partially wishing that the hit had been either too weak to faze him or incredibly strong: hard enough even to break his neck. He'd die before they managed to break him. Rolling his head on his shoulders, he managed an exhausted glare at the creature across from him, its hideous face contorted in a smirk of victory. "Not so tough now, are ya, Elf?!" Legolas narrowed his eyes, then arched his neck forwards, spitting out a fountain of blood upon the foul Orc. "Ulund! " he cried, malice striking out in the confinement of the disgusting, dark room, " Ulca nyaro!" The Orc snarled in rage, lashing out with a strong punch to the Elf's muscled abdomen. Legolas wheezed, sagging forwards, dangling weakly from his restraints. Coughing, blonde hair falling in a cascade over his flawless face, Legolas tried to control his breathing, stilling his cry of pain. 'I will not give them the satisfaction!' he declared to himself: his own silent vow. A coarse hand gripped his chin, wrenching his head upwards. Legolas brow furrowed, his eyes glinted dangerously and with a level of hatred that many would have run and cowered from. " Don't speak yer foul tongue to me, Elf!" the beast spat, sharp and rotting teeth bared in a growl. The Elf felt close to laughing at the irony. Elvish was the purest and most beautiful language throughout all of Arda – the least foul of all speech. Whereas, the Orcs fittingly spoke the Black Speech – a language so cruel and evil that it often hurt the Elves' ears to hear it spoken. The fingers released Legolas' chin and he instinctively jerked his head backwards in defiance. Breathing as calmly as possible through his nose, he watched as the Orc retreated back into the furthest corner of the room, the shadows hiding him from the Elf's keen sense of sight. " My orders," began the revolting creature conversationally from the darkness, "were to get ya to tell us all ya know – 'bout the Elves, 'bout everythin'." The sound of shuffling from his hidden spot immediately made Legolas tense and he tugged experimentally at the chains, trying to see if they would grant him a miniature chance of release. " But ya see," as the Orc emerged from the shadows, Legolas' sapphire eyes widened, his steely expression somehow managing to hide the rising fear he felt at the sight of the blunt instrument in his captor's hand. Seeing this, the Orc raised it slightly higher, appearing to admire its gruesome barbs, dripping with what Legolas could only deduce to be poison. Lowering its dark eyes back to the now stiffened Elf, it stepped closer, grinning maniacally, "I wasn't told how I should do it…" A whimper rose from Legolas' throat as he swung limply from the chains, his body broken. His ethereal light had almost faded: his figure hardly even visible against the gloom of his cell. Sickly looking ribs jutted out against thinly stretched skin, the signs of his drastic weight loss all too apparent. His body listed slightly, still suspended while his dull eyes struggled to stay open. Dark shadows hung beneath the Elf's eyes, making them appear drained and sunken, his cheekbones stood out starkly on his face while strands of matted, dirty hair fell across his face, his warrior braids long since destroyed. Inhaling painfully, his head thrumming with the abuse, his life ebbing away with each wasting second, Legolas stared ahead, hoping that at any moment the wooden door would swing open and his rescuer would enter, head held high. "Estel," he murmured, before coughing horrifically, blood trickling from the corners of his mouth. For that, he should be grateful – the poison's varied attacks were much more devastating. Finally escaping his coughing fit, he clenched his biceps, attempting to pull himself up once more, but with little avail. " Saes, Estel . Tua amin… " He broke off as a familiar sense of burning spread through his limbs, forcing them to twitch erratically. Legolas hissed, biting hard on his lip, continuing to suppress the screams he had not yet succumbed to. The poison was renewing its attack. The fair Elf groaned under his breath as the whip lashes down hard upon his back, ripping down through skin and muscle, reaching to the bone. A lone tear fell from his eye as the hooks on the weapon were withdrawn, ripping away flesh with a sickly squelch. Legolas wanted to scream, to break down in a pit of despair and never choose to resurface. But he couldn't and he knew it. His pride, his stubborn pride, wouldn't allow it. He was a Prince of Mirkwood, a warrior and archer of Eryn Lasgalen – he could not succumb to this. And so, even with the inhumane agony tearing at his being, his fëa fading with each attack on his beautiful body, he steeled himself, storing away the waves of agony away for his moments in complete solitude. As the hour went on, each strike became more and more vigorous, warranting other Orcs to switch in to perform the punishment, it ended. Legolas slumped, finally released from the protective tension his muscles had forced him to hold throughout the torment. He could hardly breathe, the tendrils of darkness creeping into his mind and attempting to pull him over. He shook his head, trying to clear his jumbled thoughts while he focussed on his racing and erratic heartbeat. He barely even heard the sound of footsteps as the Orc walked around his hanging frame, admiring his handiwork across the Firstborn's torso – an intricate design of criss-crossed cuts and burns. " Elf," it began, drawing that one word out with distaste, "as much as I enjoy torturin' ya, it'd be in yer best interest to tell me what ya know." Legolas laughed breathlessly, his muscles trembling with exertion at merely staying conscious. Raising his head, golden locks, bloodied and yet still shimmering and fair, falling past his shoulders, he replied spitefully, "And what would that possibly earn me?" " A quick an' painless death." Anger rose across the glowing face and he roared, " Antolle ulua sulrim! " The Orc backhanded him hard, sending his whole body flying backwards. He was stopped abruptly by the restriction of the chains and screwed his eyes closed as he felt his shoulder pop out of place. Biting down hard on his lip so that he drew blood, Legolas tried to alleviate the pressure, holding himself up precariously with his other arm. Noticing this, the evil creature chuckled cruelly, quickly clamping a gnarled hand upon the wounded appendage and squeezing hard. Legolas held his breath as agony flared from his shoulder and he kept his mouth firmly closed, only his glazed over eyes revealing any signs of the hurt he felt. " I told ya, don't use that speech with me!" The Orc gave a sharp twist of the Elf's shoulder before releasing it and stepping back, studying his victim. Legolas, he noticed, seemed to be struggling to draw in even breaths and he was beginning to perspire. His whole body shook with painful tremors, all a remnant of either the physical torment or the poison in his blood stream. But, the dark creature realized in annoyance, the Elf still proceeded to defy him, even now he glared with all his being, the look deadly enough to bring down an entire army in one glance. With a decisive nod, the Orc turned around, returning to the shadowed corner: the area Legolas had come to fear. The young Prince swallowed involuntarily as he watched the Orc disappear into the darkness, already rummaging around for what he wanted. ' What now?' he asked in his head. 'I can't… I cannot endure this for much longer.' And as much as he'd have liked to deny the statement, he knew it to be true. His faithful body was now betraying him after days of near-constant torment. " I thought I could hold on," he whispered to the dark, just out of earshot of the lingering monster. "I thought I would make it until you came… amin hiraetha, mellon-nin. Díhena nin… " " Sayin' yer prayers Elf?" came the taunting voice as the hunched figure returned from the darkness, holding a knife in its hand. Legolas squinted at the object, afraid as his Elven senses began to fail him, and he gasped, desperately trying to pull away. The knife was laced with a viscous black substance that the Elf instantly recognized. The Orc smirked as it stopped directly before Legolas' fighting form. He twirled the weapon experimentally along his fingers, enjoying the discomfort he was causing. "Don't like this, do ya Elf?" Legolas didn't reply, his gaze locked on the poison as it dripped steadily to the damp floor, saturated by his blood. "Maybe if I give ya a bit more of this, ya might start tellin' me what I wanna know instead of speakin' in that damned language!" And with that, the Orc drew back its arm before stabbing the knife viciously into Legolas' thigh. Before he could stop it, a choked sob escaped him, but he hurriedly silenced it, allowing his mind to draw him away from the unbelievable pain. " So ya are capable of voicin' pain are ya?" The Orc twisted the bloody knife cruelly before wrenching it out, silvery blood splattering the floor. The Elf's chest heaved as he held back his cries, his leg pulsating as more poison entered his blood. His arm jerked painfully and he grimaced, knowing what was coming. Already, he could feel the poison's effects, increasing his agony tenfold, igniting flames through his fragile bones. His head spun, dizziness taking hold of him, the image