A/N: So my first foray into the world of Harry Potter and I figured I'd go the cliched root of writing a time travel fic (sorta). I am hoping that I can put my own spin on it though. This is un-beta'd and I am looking for one since my grammar is horrible and I'd like to have someone to bounce ideas off of. Pairing: Tom Riddle/Harry Potter/Lucius Malfoy (I do want to add Snape and/or Rabastan but I'm not sure yet. Lemme know what you all think.) 7/29/16 Now being beta'd by Vampygurl402. Every beta'd chapter will have this note with the date, if you have already read this chapter not to worry there are only minor grammar changes. Disclaimer: I am much to perverted to own this. Chapter 1 September 2515 Green eyes, once glowing with life and power, now dull and lifeless, looked up at the cloaked figure hovering above his bed. He had seen what was beneath that cowl once, their first meeting; horribly beautiful and terrifyingly kind. The being was a contradiction of all things. "I won't be able to see you or talk to you, right?" "No Master." The being's dulcet voice was a lure to what should be his final rest, but that was not meant to be. "You're sure they will come back to me?" His question was filled with doubt; Death had been his constant companion for so long that to know they were parting, even if it was temporary, was terrifying. "There is a reason only you have been able to collect and hold on to all of my Hallows and since I am only rewinding time and not sending you elsewhere you will collect them again, however there is a possibility that it may be sooner this time. Now, stop stalling you do not have much time left." "I'm sorry. I will miss you my friend." He replied sadly and looked down at the plain black book in his frail hands. The book was almost an exact replica of a diary he had destroyed long ago, that was the reason he had chosen it for this. A pale hand landed gently on his shoulder jolting him from his thoughts. "Just because you will not be able to see me does not mean that I will not be there; I will check in on you as often as I am able. However, I will not be able to interfere until you have all of my Hallows within your possession but you will have Magic and Fate to guide you on your way, you have only to ask for assistance." "Thank you for everything, my friend. I will look forward to our next meeting." And with those final words he took the innocuous looking book between both hands and closed his eyes. He gathered as much of his failing magic as he could and pushed it all into his hands and the book. "Mother Magic hear my plea. Help me with this last matter so that I may undo all the wrong that has been done unto you." Tears leaked from under closed eyelids as Magic gathered around him. She was so weak. My Child. She 'spoke' and Her 'voice' was a soothing balm to his troubled mind. I thank you for your sacrifice. You already know what to do. Gather it all; your memories, knowledge and feelings. I will seal them along with your conscious mind and embed them in the book. To release the bind you just need to say, Solvo Mentis Intra. Are you ready Child? He took a deep breath and prepared himself for what was to come. It was only a matter of minutes before Magic gathered enough strength to do what she needed. A bright blue-green light lit the dim room and the book fell from limp hands. The cloaked figure picked up the book and tucked it into his robes for safekeeping until just the right time. The man was now a clean slate and the cloaked being could now safely rewind time without the worry that all of his precious knowledge would be lost. He looked down into blank eyes and began to unravel time back to the start or end depending on how you looked at it. Death stopped time, appearing before the small white door to the cupboard under the stairs. He passed through the door and knelt next to the mattress that held a small child. He waited for just the right moment before dropping the small innocuous looking book in his lap. Death watched the child startle and turned to leave. "Until next we meet." He whispered as he disappeared. July 1990 A little boy lay on a hard mattress covered only by a thick blanket; he stared into the darkness above his head and waited. Soon he would be 10, a few more minutes and he would be another year closer to leaving his relatives behind. He always stayed up and waited until midnight the night before his birthday, it was his tradition and he had been doing it since he could remember. He always lay in bed and daydreamed about the life he would have when they were no longer around. He was startled from his daydream when something landed on his legs with a dull thump. The boy sat up carefully and reached down for whatever it was cautiously. Calloused fingers met something warm, smooth and rectangular. He blinked in surprise, it was a book but it was unlike any book he had ever picked up before. The pages were thick and it pulsed almost as if it had a heartbeat. He clasped one hand around the book and levered himself up off his dingy mattress with the other. He was lucky they hadn't locked the cupboard door; he pushed it open quietly and stuck his head out, listening for anyone who might happen to be awake. When he was met with complete silence he tiptoed to the kitchen to get a better look at this book that appeared from thin air. It was a small, leather bound book with blank pages; like a diary or journal. He frowned down at the seemingly average looking book. No matter what his so called family said, he wasn't stupid; too many odd things have happened to him and the way his relatives look at him and call him freak, and he certainly knew how to add. Now he just had to figure out what exactly was he supposed to do with a blank book that appeared out of nowhere. Well, it was blank so that meant that someone was supposed to write in it. He shrugged his shoulders and figured he'd give it a try: the worst that could happen was nothing. So he grabbed a torch from under the kitchen sink and a pen from one of the drawers and scurried back to his cupboard, making sure to close the door quietly behind him. He turned the torch on and laid it to the side, pointing to the wall nearest him. Lying the book down in front of the torch light he opened it to the first blank page and paused. What was he supposed to write in the bloody book? He hadn't thought this far ahead. He chewed on the end of the pen while he contemplated what he was supposed to do now. He sighed and just wrote. Why did you come to me? He rolled his eyes at himself. It wasn't like the stupid book was going to answer him. Then something decidedly odd happened. The words seemed to melt into the page and he jerked his hands back afraid that the same thing would happen to him. Then words began appearing just below where his faded. Hello Harrison. That is a very simple question with a very complicated answer. Harry just stared at the newly appeared words trying to figure out what just happened. When he thought the book wouldn't answer him, he was being sarcastic. Now he was very confused and a little scared to be honest. My name is Harry and how is this happening? Harry is short for something. Anyone with a pureblooded parent wouldn't name their child something so mundane. As for how this is happening, that's part of the 'complicated answer'. What? Oh I suppose I went on a bit of a rant there. It has been so long that I had forgotten how we grew up and on top of that you're only 10. Well, I guess the best place to start would be…I'm sure you've noticed all the odd things that happen to you, well that is because you are a wizard Harrison. As for me, I am a magical book with the knowledge, memories and magic of another person. I would like to say I don't believe you but I am talking to a book. Who and why do you have all that stuff from them? We don't have the time for me to answer that question tonight. As it is you are going to be tired tomorrow and you have a lot of chores to get through so you should get some sleep and I will explain all when you next go to bed. I don't think I'll be able to sleep much. Who could when they have a magical book and was just told they were a wizard? I am sorry and I know you have many questions but I don't want you to lose anymore sleep because of me. I promise as soon as we have more time I will explain everything. Okay. Goodnight Book. Goodnight Harrison. Harry closed the book, shut off the torch and hid all three items under his mattress. He place his glasses in a safe spot and laid back down forcing his mind to clear so he could get a little bit of sleep. ... Morning dawned very bright and much too early for Harry. He was startled from sleep by loud banging and his Aunt's shrill voice yelling that he had 5 minutes to use the loo and then he needed to get started on breakfast for everyone. Harry scrambled from his cupboard and rushed to the bathroom to do his business before scurrying to the kitchen. He had half his mind on the cooking while he thought up a dozen different questions for the book. The rest of the day was spent doing his long list of chores, the worst of which was gardening; between the heat and lack of food Harry had to stop often and for very short periods of times so that his Aunt wouldn't catch him slacking off. He was finally able to take a quick cool shower after making and serving dinner for the Dursleys. For once he was excited to get back to his cramped cupboard. The light from the sitting room dimly lit the small space so he had no reason to pull out the torch just the book with the pen tucked between the pages. Do you have a name? I can't keep calling you book and since you hold the memories from a person I am guessing that you do. Yes I have a name and I am going to explain a few things before I tell you what it is. The person who made this book was a wizard from the year 2515. Why? Magic is dying Harrison and with the help of Magic and Death the wizard used the last of his own slowly draining core to create this book. What happened to him? And how did he get the book to this time? Well, the wizard poured everything but his soul into this book so after Magic bound it all together and he became a clean slate; almost like a baby just before it's born. After that Death rewound time. Why didn't he just keep all that stuff if Death could rewind time?