This was my entry for The Ruggeddom Contest. It won 3rd Place Judge's Vote, Judge's Pick by LayAtHomeMom, and Judge's Pick by Robsmyyummy Cabanaboy. Thank you to the Host, Jonesn, and all the Judges and everyone in between. Congratulations to all the authors! All of those entries were amazing! Thank you to my PTB Betas: shouvley and wandofhawthorn. And mega loves to my darling friend and pre-reader: Ali OMalley Cat. I can't seem to turn it off. The crying. These tears just keep coming, blinding my vision so that the dirt and sky become one poorly done watercolor of mixed paint. Gray. Brown. Black. So lifeless. So dark. Matching perfectly with the world we live in. The beauty of color has lost its meaning when all of it can be associated with death. As red as Mom's blood leaving her body from the slits in her wrist. As blue as Dad's face when he was crushed between the hoards of panicked people. As orange as Rose's hair burned when the flames of our camp destroyed the last of my hope. Green. Beautiful green. That's the only color that hasn't been tampered by the gray. He grieves in his own way. Setting up the sound traps. Hauling my bag from my shoulders when we've walked too far. Determined to make camp before nightfall. Pulling me from the jaws of death. Wiping the coagulated blood from my face. Through it all so silent and strong, as he leads us through battle after bloody battle. "Are you okay?" he asks. His once carefully maintained scruff is now spiraling out of control in tiny rusted ringlets, so close to my face, smelling faintly of the dirt and woods we've been living in. I nod, trying to shake the nerves from my limbs. "Yeah." He hands me back my gun, lost in the leaves at the beginning of the attack. "You need to keep a better hold on this." I try to brush away the shame as I push at the straps digging into my shoulders, rubbed raw from walking all day and the jerk-jerk of the Gray that just tried to make me his meal. His greens, my only reprieve from the monotonous, follow my movement, watching as my fingers brush against the sensitive skin below my tank. "And have more coverage," he says, his fingers twitching at his side. "Then you won't have this problem." "It's too hot right now," I reply, shaking my head, mesmerized by the black blood flying from my skin, disappearing amongst all the dirt and leaves. I can tell by the way his greens shift, so disapproving; those short rusted curls move with the press of his lips. I hate it when he looks down at me like that, as if he expects more. It hurts my heart to know that I've disappointed him yet again. He turns away, planting his boot across the Gray's nose as support, the bone crushing beneath his weight as he pulls the arrow from its head, avoiding the splash of brain that follows the pointed tip. I grab his elbow when he retreats. "Thank you. Again. I don't know what I'd do without you." He nods, briefly glancing my way. "We'll stay by the river tonight. So you can wash up." I won't argue with him just for that little reprieve from dirtiness. The bank he chooses is new, but the river is not. We've been following it for days. We get to work, wrapping the sound traps of metal-on-metal around the edge not protected by the water and steep banks. He doesn't look at me as he finishes it off, tying the battered ends of the rope to the nearest tree. "I'm going to hunt. Clean up while I'm gone." "All right. Be safe." All I get is the back of his hand as he waves his crossbow in the air, his rust disappearing beyond the tree line with every step he takes away from me. I shiver, searching the area, trying to be all-nonchalant as I throw my pack to the ground, carefully setting my gun next to it while rubbing at the red that burns across my exposed skin. It's always a little unnerving when he leaves, as if I need him to survive. In a way, I guess I do. The water is cool when I wade into it barefoot. Balancing precariously on the shifting rocks, I watch as the current swirls around my dirty flesh. Stripping one article of clothing at a time, I give it a quick wash before throwing it toward the shore where it lands with a wet flop. Goose bumps trickle across my body as I splash the river water up, washing away the dust and grime from days worth of travel through the woods. Brown eyes reflect back, and with the ripples flowing through their murky depths, they almost seem alive. Like that naive, young girl that once found beauty in every color, every shade. It hurts when I slap the water, my palm stinging with the impact. There it is. The truth underneath all that falsely mirrored hope. The scars. The wear and tear of my body. Bruises and calluses. Signs that show the last two years haven't been kind or easy. But the water, so refreshing and cool, slides down my stomach, along the inside of my thighs, bouncing as it hits the surface of the river, tickling that special place between. That reminds me of what I am. Human. Not a Gray with silver eyes and a hunger for flesh, so mindless and dead, despite the way they still stay on their feet. Just a girl who once had dreams and hopes, whose body hasn't adjusted to the times, who still craves the touch, the desire, the passion, of partnership. Every day, seeing his hands hold that crossbow as he guides us, looking for safe passage, for the next camp, the new hope. The feeling as he holds me close at night when it's too cold, combating my shivers with his body heat. His breath against my neck when he shushes me in the face of danger. His fingers holding my trembles within as he waits for that one moment of opportunity. My strong man. I shouldn't, but I can't help it because it all turns me on so good, that companionship, that protection. Even though he once belonged to Rose, who is now wandering the woods looking for her next meal. Even though he shared a bed and sweat and lust with a sister I held so dear. My attraction for him goes beyond the surface. It always has. Even before, when he deemed me too young to know what I was feeling. So when my hands ghost along my breasts and then down across muscle and hair and into warm, wet heat, I'm not surprised by that or the twirls and swirls and the soft little sighs that leave my lips. It seems they know me better than I do. I close my eyes, thinking of green and flannel and that tiny smile beneath rusted curls, as a voice, so deep it resonates across my skin, leaving his mouth, whispering, encouraging, loving. "That's it, baby," I'm sure he would say. "Let go. Feel it all." The slosh, slosh of down there sounds just like the slosh, slosh of the river, wetter and wetter as my fingers move so good across a desire that hasn't been placated in so long. So when I come so hard my face hurts, with his greens and whispers against my closed eyelids, I can't help answering him. "Yes! Edward! Yes!" It's the rustle behind me that has me diving into the water, my arms coming up, protecting my naked body from any wandering eyes, not that Grays care about naked breasts. But it isn't silver I see. Green stares back at me. His hands are by his side. One is holding his crossbow. The other is holding dinner. My ears grow hot. "Hurry up," he says, turning his back, walking up the dip where he's already collected kindling for the fire he'll start. I finish, stumbling up the rocky bed to my backpack, pulling out extra clothes and throwing them on, not caring how they stick to my wet skin. He ignores me when I join him. "So…" I swallow. He tilts his head but says nothing. I clear my throat. "What did you catch?" "Squirrel." It isn't until night has fallen and we're picking the last of the meat from the bone that he finally turns my way. "I saw a sign." "About what?" "There's a camp up ahead. Called New Cheney. They take in survivors." I nod. "Are we going to go?" "Yeah." He pauses and then says a moment later, "It'll be a good place to drop you off." I freeze, listening as the fire crackles, waiting for him to take back his words, to admit his mistake. We settle into the silence that permeates the air, the intensity making my skin crawl with fear. "Drop me off? What do you mean?" He pokes at the fire, his greens lighting up in the dark with flames of red and orange. "It'll be good for you, Bella." I swallow, my throat heavy and dry. "You're going to leave me there?" He glances over when my voice catches, ending in a high note of fear and desperation. "I can't do good for you. This is for the best." The tears sneak up on me again, overflowing down my cheeks. "Don't say that!" "Bella…" "You can't leave me! Please! Don't leave me alone." "You won't be alone." Even he sounds hesitant. "I'm sure there will be someone for you there. Someone like Rosalie." "Nobody can replace Rose." My voice cracks, ending in a whisper. "Just like nobody can replace you." Can't he hear my heartbreak? Crackling right along with the burning fire. He might as well throw me into the blaze. Being burned alive wouldn't hurt worse than this pain, this feeling of loss. He doesn't answer, standing up, so close to the raging red as if he's contemplating jumping in himself before turning his back and heading toward the water. "Go to sleep, Bella." "But…" "We'll head out in the morning." I can't fight it, not with him walking away, disappearing into the night. The only evidence he hasn't abandoned me yet is the sound of the riverbed splashing as he wades into it. I curl up against my bag. My still hungry tummy. My parched throat. Edward. Not here. Only the sounds of the nearby woods as my company. All reminders of how my life has turned so bad. Losing Rose was hard enough. Now I'm going to lose him too? What's the point of living? Of carrying on? The pain is too much. So I muffle it all against my backpack, the polyester wet and cool with the night air. His footsteps are light against the ground, clothes rustling as he changes into a new set. He pauses when I sniffle particularly loud but then continues on. Silent. Strong. Always strong. I hate it when he settles on his side of the fire. One more moment wasted before our separation. I cry harder. "Bella?" It's barely a whisper. I almost miss it over my own sad heartbeat in my ears. "Are you okay?" I shuffle, pulling my knees up to my chin, ignoring his green gaze on my back and trembling shoulders. Seconds? Minutes? Hours? I don't know much time passes before he says, "Bella?" "Just leave me alone." This time there is no hesitation. "I'm sorry." His voice, his normally powerful voice, holds his own sadness, his own desperation because he's human too. And that thought, that feeling that he doesn't want to leave me as much as I don't want him to leave me. That's anguish. He's suffering just as much as me. The polyester can barely