This was my entry for the Seven Deadly Sins Contest. It won Judge Cejsmom's Favorite Award. Thank you to the host and all the judges, and congrats to all the authors! Those were some amazing entries! Thank you to my betas at Project Team Beta : shouvley and thir13enth, and the bestest, estest, pre-reader ever, Ali OMalley Cat. This started out creepy and became even creepier because of them. All. Their. Fault. Warnings: Stalking, obsession, sexual situations, and squicky actions. You can't hear me, but I can hear you. Soft moans and whispering fingers. Slosh. Slosh. Slosh. After years of practice, you're so quiet, and your roommates are none the wiser. Except me. I know. I've always known. Remember those first tentative nights? When everything was still so new? You couldn't relax, but you were so desperate, your body needing relief so badly. So you snuck your hand down, past your perky little tits, across that slender waist, beside those youthful hips, and then…right there. Warm and wet. So slick. So tender. You were more hush-hush back then. Not quite sure what your roommates could and couldn't hear. So you breathed through your nose, your hips didn't move, and you came so stiffly I thought I could've snapped you in half. Perhaps I could have. Things were so much less satisfying back then. Now you're relaxed. Your surroundings, the noises, the people sleeping in the room next door are all familiar. The rustle, rustle of the sheets is barely heard over the harsh breaths that leave your lips, and even those disappear into the night. I know your roommates can't hear, because I wouldn't have been able to tolerate it. Your moans and sighs and that tiny little gasp you always let go when you find just the right spot…all of those are mine. I refuse to share with anyone. Look at you go. Your body awash in moonlight. Your sleep shirt, so big around your tiny frame, pushed up to underneath your chin, almost chokes you, but you don't care. Nothing matters outside of what you see behind those two fluttering eyelids. What are you thinking about? What's turning you on? What's making you so wet I can see the glistening of your fingers even way over here? Your hips push and pull, up and down, so fast that your sheets have all tumbled to the side, held precariously to the bed by your tight fist. Tug. So sweet. Tug. So young. Tug. So beautiful. And then there it is. Your back arched so high. Your legs spread so wide. Your body held up by only your feet and shoulders as you silently scream. First into the air and then into your pillow where you once again begin breathing. Short pants. In and out. In and out. As you relax. Wait…right there. There's that smile. It was a good one, wasn't it? If I were next to you, lying at your side, feeling the heat come off your body, I would lean over, brush my lips against the sweat in your hair and the cuff of your ear, and whisper, "It's going to be good for me, too." There it is. I wish you could see me paint the side of your house with my satisfaction. This is my favorite time of day. You leash up your precious dog and walk the trails along the river. Always dressed in running pants and these skin-tight shirts, you take your leisure exercise away from the prying eyes of the crowd. Unconsciously, I know you do this for me. There I can watch you without any walls or glass between us. It's all open afternoon air and just a few feet of dirt that separates us. I don't walk the beaten path as you do, and I find I prefer the secret. You're not ready to know of my love, of my obsession with you, of how I hunger to have your sweet, sweet body all to myself. You're so young. Just verging on the line between teenager and adult. But soon. That day grows closer yet, and then and only then will you know how much you fascinate me. I will admit my actions are also guided just a tiny bit by fear. I am much older than you are. I've been married twice. I have two children, young in comparison to you, but whom I adore. What if you don't accept me? What if you are afraid of this thing between us? Don't worry, my sweet little girl. You will grow to crave me like I crave you. You will feel this intensity between us. It's as inevitable as the day I first saw you, when my heart stopped, when all else ceased to exist…but you. Most will not come to accept our relationship, but you just pay them no mind, sweet girl. You're so smart and beautiful. You wouldn't fall prey to society's standards. What we will have? It will be exquisite. You will be my lover. My wife. The body I use to satisfy my urges and needs and that I will take pleasure in making come countless times. You will be the mother of my children. The one I will grow old with. Die with. When it's time, we will both go together. That is why she left me. She couldn't handle it. She packed up her things and took our children and moved far away. I hardly see them, let alone talk to them, anymore. She has spared my children of my daily activities, but as a result she limits my time. But don't you worry. When you come to me, when we become a family, I will get my children back, and we will take them to a place where no one can find or disturb us. You steer your dog along the trail. She happily follows, stopping every now and then to squat, and while she does her business, you wait, briefly looking around. Sometimes I think you see me when your eyes travel past the spot from which I watch you. You never acknowledge me, but that doesn't stop you from fingering the bear spray on your key chain. "Hurry up, Rose," you say to the dog. You love her so much. I know this. You bought her when she was just a puppy. She has never taken too kindly to me. Something we will have to change, sweet girl. Consider that a warning. If you have to choose between me or her, you will choose me. I will let nothing come in between us, even your love for this dog. You chat on your phone as your dog finishes up. She freezes as she comes up from her squat and looks at me, a low growl leaving her. That's when I know I've come too close. You stop talking and look around before reprimanding. "Be quiet, Rose! There's no one there." If you only knew. You turn back to your phone conversation, saying, "Sorry. My dog is going crazy over nothing." You finish the walk and make your way back to your house, leaving your dog to run around in the backyard. I see you from the large bay window as you disappear down the hallway. Your bedroom door remains shut, so you must be in the bathroom. None of your roommates are home yet. They all have jobs, but you, my sweet girl, you're too precious to waste time away at a work place. Your parents pay for everything. "Take care, little princess. You know we're only a phone call away," your dad said to you on that first day of college. But soon you will be my little princess. I will be your provider. I will give you what you most desire. You will be sad when you have to say goodbye to everyone and everything you've ever known. I know this. You are too sensitive and sweet not to be affected by the loss you will experience, but I will be there for you. I will be the shoulder you lean on. I will dry your tears. I will make love to you until you forget about all those in your past life and remember only me. Your present. Your future. You've left the front door unlocked, so it's easy to get into the house. The rooms don't feel unfamiliar to me anymore. I've walked through them so many times in the past that I know exactly where I'm going. That I know exactly what I want. I am correct in my earlier assumption. The bathroom door is slightly ajar while steam finds its way out, fogging up the picture frames in the hallway. I'm fine with that. Those soulless 2D eyes have no business watching, judging me. What I do is for you and you alone. You're singing when I slip into the bathroom. How your voice sounds so wonderful echoing across the tile. I'm eager to hear it echo with your moans while I eat your pussy, fuck you from behind, make you feel pleasure like you've never felt it before. One day. "Every bond you break. Every step you take." That's right. I'll be watching you. I can see your silhouette against the shower curtain. Your body, so beautiful and alluring, calls to me, and I can't help myself when I tiptoe closer. My fingers have a mind of their own as I run them down your shadowy face and then comb through your shadowy hair. Your neck, so slender, doesn't lose any of its grace, and your breasts are so plump I can practically feel them through the curtain. And then there's that dark V, that special place between your legs. How I ache to rub and thrust my fingers against it as I do against the plastic. You would love it. I'm sure. My dick is so hard for you, straining against the zipper, trying to break out. How it wishes for your hot, hot cunt to slide against, and not my hand that has kept it company these past few years. But beggars can't be choosers, right? So when I slide my zipper down and pleasure myself while you sing your soft tunes, it—my dick—sprays with joy. Literally. Do you see it? My gratification slipping down the curtain and into the tub? Your clothes are haphazardly thrown around. I fight the urge to clean your dirty ways. Know this, sweet girl. I expect a clean household, and you will take care of me as much as I take care of you. My urge gives in and I shift through your things, and that's when I see it. The small bloodstain across your cotton panties. My smile cannot be contained as I pick them up, rubbing the side that sat against your most precious gift, first against my fingers and then my nose and finally my lips. I inhale your special scent, and when my tongue peeks out, I taste the remnants of your life's liquid. So sweet. So tantalizing. I need more. I practically skip to the garbage can. This is my favorite time of the month. "Anyone home?" I silently curse. My excitement has made me forget my surroundings. I move quickly and as quietly as possible. I glance out the door and see the shadow of your roommate walking down the hallway. It's too late for that route. "I'm taking a shower!" you yell back, so I push and shove and hoist over the windowsill. I've just barely made it out in time. The door slams open. "Yo! What's the window doing open? Any old creeper could see you!" "Fuck! I didn't realize! Close it for me, will you?" The glass shuts me out, and then the blinds block my view, but that's okay. I've something even greater than a shadowy body. I wait until I get home to open up my treasure. I can't help when I let out a