OK hey this is my first annie fan fiction. Please comment, and give me constructive critism. I appreciate it. Sorry if I don't post again soon, been crazy busy with school. So hopefully this is long enough for you. :) I wake up to the sound of my mom yelling at my little brother, for what I decided I do not want to know. I roll out of my bed, my feet searching for the cold hard wooden floor. I sigh annoyed and nervous for what today might bring. Today is the reaping day, the day where we decide who will fight to the death. District 4 has only had 2 winners that remain alive. Otto Raney died last summer of old age, the man managed to make it to 75 without craziness killing him. Mags and Finnick Odair are the only alive survivors of district four, something we pride ourselves on. I for one am not a big fan of the games, but I feel as if I may enjoy it if district four ever made it into the careers, but even then I am still unsure. I slowly make my way downstairs watching carefully as to avoid my mother. I slip into my parent's room and grab the dress I was to wear for the reaping. The same pale yellow dress I wear every reaping year. I pick up the dress as my mind rushes with memories from last year. My best friend's older brother, John was reaped, and forced into the foggy trap that was the arena. Alone he managed to live until there were just half of them left. John was fishing in a small oasis, little did he know about the careers sneaking up behind him ready to spill some blood. The girl, quick and strong grabbed her friends sword and sent it sailing through is head. He barely had time to recognize what was happening as his body fell silently into the oasis. The sound of the canon echoed in the arena. John's head spilling blood, barely attached to his body. The careers left in the same deathly silence that they had came in. Their faces plastered with vicious grins, ready to kill another innocent child. I slip into the bathtub that my mother had made for me. The water was cool not warm, not freezing, just like the ocean. I let my head sink back into the water, as my worries were washed away. "Annie, hurry up. We have to go soon!" I hear my mother's urgent voice call from behind the dark wooden door. I lather my body in the soap my mom uses on special occasions. The smell of lavender filled the room. I rinse myself, and then dry my skin. I look into the mirror. My brown hair wet matted down onto my head. It was never as beautiful as my mothers, although she always cared about her looks. Painting her face in all the makeup, all of the in things in the capital. She was always wearing the new in clothes, and tattoos. She never let me though, said I was too young to ruin my beautiful face. I stare at my face. My chin pointed, my ears too big, my eyes, that was the only piece that I loved about myself. The only thing I would ever come to love about myself. I I brush my hair the knots worse than the knots that we use for fishing. Out of the corner of my eye I spot a small box. It was a wooden box, with carved figures of fish, and the sea, so interracially done. Every scale had its own pattern on the fish. Each wave had its own design. I carefully open it, inside was my mom's makeup. Small plastic boxes, with different color powder for various parts of your face. Gingerly, I take out the rosy pink powder box, opening it as if it were glass. "Annie!" I whip around the box still in hand to face my mother. Her face was widened in disbelief of my misbehavior. "Sorry" I say. I quickly look down at my hand and set it down with an apologetic smile. "You're beautiful just as you are. Now let's go, your father will meet us there with your brother." She says kissing my forehead lightly. I nod to her, and follow her out of the house. We walked to the justice building in silence. A tradition done every year. I grabbed my mom's hand out of habit, but also because I was so scared. We filed in with everyone else joining them on the nervous walk to the reaping. I see my father and I run to hug him. Once a year he willingly hugs me. He never hugs my brother, but some nights you can hear him showing his affection for my mother. He smiles at me. The one smile I know like the back of my hand, so warm so comforting. I pull away from him as he turns and shakes hands with my brother. This was the last year my brother would ever have his name in the reaping. I can see how happy my parents are for this. For me I have 3 more years of this. I hug my mother long and hard until I see the streets emptying. I nod goodbye and take my place with the other 15 year olds. Up comes the mayor, drawing out on why we are here today. Soon he is replaced by a perky young women. "May the odds be ever in your favor" she chirps, her voice ringing over the crowd. She smiles cheesily her sky blue hair hanging wildly around her shoulders. She wobbles over to a glass bowl and dips her hand into it. On the other side of the stage, handsome Finnick Odair holds old Mags hand in in momentarily prayers. "Annie Cresta," she says. I wait there waiting to see the unlucky girl walk to her death. Suddenly I feel a push from behind me. I turn, a girl in my class with a solemn face nods to my left. I look over, they moved out of my way leaving an open path. "Annie, come up dear. Show your face." The woman with blue hair says. Me. I am reaped. I am going to fight to my death. I slowly walk up biting back the tears that sting my eyes. I glance at the image of me on the large screen above me. My brown hair flowing behind me, my face pained and surprised. I make my way to the blue woman's side. She smiles at me encouragingly; I muster up a nod for that is all I can manage. "As for the boys," She says as she goes to the bowl beside the girls. She dips her hand in there, her long manicured fingers spidery snatch up an unlucky piece of paper. "River Pollen," she coos. I scan the crowd for the face of which the name belongs to. I recognize the name, but from where I couldn't place. A tall boy appears from the 18 year old section. The same section as my brother, he must have been in classes with him. His hair was gelled back, and he wore a suit top, and ironed dress pants. His hair mousey brown was blowing slightly in the wind. He makes his way beside me escorted by the peace keepers. "Ladies and Gentlemen give a warm round of applause to this year's 70th annual Hunger games tributes." The blue haired lady says into the crowd. District four claps in false enthusiasm, their faces pained and worried, like they are every year. Soon we are led in slience to two small rooms. River in one, myself in the other. The room is nice, a couch to sit in, a wooden table nicely made. Windows that looked over the glimmering ocean. White lace dreams laid atop the window. The trim of the window is painted white, and the walls itself is a light blue. "Annie!" I turn, my family bursts through the door and embrace me. two hugs from my father in one day, probably the last hug I will ever get from them. "I love you, I love you, I love you." I croak, my voice suddenly gone. "You are my daughter you will fight and stay strong." My father says, I smile back as they are forced out of the room. I am only given a moment to compose myself until my best friend Aster bursts through the door, the one whose brother died the past year. I fall into her arms, and start crying, letting all my emotions come out. "You'll win, you're sneaky, lovable. People will sponsor you." She whispers in my ear. I nod the only thing I have been capable of doing since I woke up this is the last time I'll ever see her, we all know that deep down. Even River is stronger than myself. "I'll make sure your family does alright. Espiceially your brother in school. I know you can do it, you have the advantage of-" she is forced out of the room, leaving me alone. I sigh as I wipe my tears from my face, and get myself ready for Panems view. I wait for the Peace Keepers to come and fetch me. The next few hours are a complete blur. One second I was in the Justice building, the next in the car to the train station, boarding the train and waiting quietly. I stare at the floor of the train car, my mind unable to process what was happening. Suddenly Finnick followed by gold old Mags saunters into the train car. They take a seat across from River and I. I can feel Finnick watching me, waiting for an expression to cross my face. "We are going to die…" River says after a few moments. I shoot him a glare of complete hatred. "Way to think positive." I growl. "You guys can do it, in the next week Mags and I can give you enough information on how to survive. I am already a few steps ahead of you," He pulls out two decks of cards. " Note cards, tells you the difference between edible plants and not edible plants." He says happily. Mags taps him and hands him a pile of papers that she had stuffed in her bag. "Day. Plan. Tell." She says. Finnick grins and kisses Mags cheeks as he grabs the pile of papers. "Thanks," He turns his attention to us. His stunning green eyes glittering in the pale light. "These are your exercise schedules, so you won't be out of shape when it is time to get into the arena." His voice falters as he looks at me, he quickly looks back at River handing him his sheet. "For you River, you are tall and lean like myself. You will be a fighter, you will fight with your hands. With time, and… steroids"He says under his breath "you can gain muscles like me too, so we are going to make you pretty much like me. I mean let's face it, who doesn't want to be like me?" He turns to me, his voice much softer "As for you, you are small, and graceful. So you will be relying on your looks, and I assume you have the capablibites for outwitting people." He says, "You seem like the type." "No," I say. "I am not graceful, I am clumsy. I cannot outwit people never have, never will." I keep my eyes fixed on his magnificent green eyes, they were so stunning. Her heart skipped a beat when he smiled at her. "I think we can fix the clumsy, it looks like your shoes are too big."He points down the shoes I have on. Black flats, which sagged around my feet. "A little too much wiggle room in there