Disclaimer: Please note that Twilight and all characters related to Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer. I do not own any of it. This one-shot takes place after the Tyler incident. My story was inspired by an episode of "Saved By the Bell". Hope you enjoy it. The Auction - EPOV Weeks. It had been weeks since I had last spoken to Bella. It was for the best. At least, that's what I kept telling myself. I couldn't let myself get attached to her. But if I was being honest with myself, I was already attached. Since the incident with her truck I had no choice but to keep my distance as best I could from the irresistible Ms. Swan. She was growing too suspicious and she was far too observant for her own good. She could never find out what I truly was. But deep down a part of me wanted desperately to tell her, hoping beyond all hope that she would look passed the monster that I was, and love me the way that I have come to love her. Because there was no denying anymore that I was hopelessly in love with Isabella Swan. It tortured me to no end to see her every day and to not be able to speak to her, or hold her, or to be there for her in any way. I would be there for her even as a friend, if she chose to have me no other way. But even that could not be. To see how my indifference towards her affected her was like a stab to the heart. It was painful to have to ignore her, especially when she would try and speak to me. I wanted more than anything to respond to her beautiful voice. But if protecting her and my family meant keeping my distance, than so be it. From what I gathered from her friend's thoughts, she believed that I hated her. To an outsider that's how it would seem. But that most definitely was not the case. How could she know that I was so addicted to her that if she wasn't near me I would seek out the minds of those around her, just to catch a glimpse of her face? And of course she would never know that every night since that fateful day, I have secretly spent in her room watching her sleep. She was my life now, my one reason for existing, and I couldn't bear to be away from her for a second. But she would never know that. She could never know that. I was at my happiest while watching her sleep. She was so peaceful in these moments. She looked like an angel. She was without a doubt the most beautiful creature I had ever laid eyes on. No one rivaled her beauty, vampire or human, and I longed for her to be mine. I don't think I have ever wanted anything more than I wanted her. I wanted her in every way. Not only did her blood sing to me but her mind and body did as well. She conjured human emotions in me that no one ever has before, and I'm certain that no one ever will again. I would sit silently in her rocking chair, as still as a statue, just listening to her even breathing and the gentle beating of her heart. My nightly visits helped to tame the beast that her irresistible blood stirred within me. It made it easier to be around her during the day. Often, she would talk in her sleep. I found it absolutely adorable. She would often complain about the rain and how green it was here in Forks. She worried about her mother too. She was obviously the adult in that relationship. And as for her father, she took care of him as well. I found Bella to be a rarity amongst humans. She was a truly selfless creature, always more concerned with others than herself. On occasion she would say my name. And I have to admit, it pleased me to no end to know that she dreamed about me. The first time I heard my name fall from her lips it was like nothing I had ever experienced before. Just the tiny whisper of my name made me feel like my dead heart was beating again. Eventually her whispers of longing would turn to begging. In her sleep she would plead with me not go, to stay with her and never leave her. The agony in her voice was unbearable. It shattered my cold heart into a million pieces. I would do my best to soothe her during those times. I would gently stroke her face, careful not to wake her, hoping in vain my small attempts would help. I would whisper to her of my undying love for her and assure her that I would always be there for her. It seemed to alleviate some of her fears, as she would then settle into a restful sleep for the remainder of the night. I inwardly cursed myself for being able to hurt her even while she slept. I told her that I would always be there for her, and I would. I promised myself that. Whether I could be with her or not I would always be there. Watching her. Looking out for her. Protecting her. After all, she seemed to be quite the danger magnet. I marveled at how one person could be such a danger to one's self. But that was Bella for you. She was an anomaly. I would settle for watching from a distance since I could never be with her. She would grow old and have a family. She would live a long, human life, and I would hide in the shadows looking out for her. And she would never even know I was there. So here I was, in Biology class, waiting for my torture to begin. Soon Bella would arrive, most likely escorted by that vile Mike Newton, and I would have to endure the entire class without speaking to her or even acknowledging her presence. This was the hardest part of every day. Though I longed to be near her, it was pure hell being this close to her yet not being able to touch her. I smelled her intoxicating scent even before I saw her coming. Just one of the many perks of being a vampire, I thought. I immediately reverted into my usual position. With my body slightly turned away from her chair and towards the window, I fixed my gaze on nothing in particular. My eyes may have been elsewhere but my mind was entirely on her. From my peripheral vision I saw her take her seat and quickly steal a glance at me. She did this every day and every day it made my heart leap. It gave me hope that perhaps she did care for me the way that I cared for her. I knew that I affected her somewhat since she called my name in her sleep, but I had no way of knowing what her affections for me were. Did she like me? Did she care for me? Did she love me? Who am I kidding? Of course she didn't have those feelings for me. I was a monster. I was unworthy of her love. She was an angel. And an angel and a monster could never be together. I found that over the weeks my resolve was slowly beginning to fade around Bella. With every passing day the wall that I carefully constructed between us was gradually starting to crumble. And I didn't know how much longer I could resist. I didn't even know if I wanted to resist anymore. Whether Bella knew it or not, she had completely and utterly captivated me. I was hers and I always would be. After letting her eyes linger in my direction a little longer than normal, Bella realized that I would not soften my demeanor, so she settled herself in for class. I chanced a glance in her direction, a stupid move, I know, but I couldn't help myself. The moment I turned to her she looked up, like she was attuned to my every move and knew exactly what I would do in that moment. Our eyes met but neither of us said a word. We just sat there, willingly getting lost in each other's eyes. Here eyes were pools of dark chocolate, matching her silky hair; which I had to restrain myself from touching at this very moment. Her orbs transfixed me, and I couldn't look away if I wanted to. Not that I did. The saying goes that the eyes are the windows to one's soul. In Bella's case it is entirely true. Her eyes are the only means to which I can ever read her. Her face and behavior never gave away to what she was truly feeling. It is only her eyes that tell me everything she cannot say. She has the ability to convey any type of emotion through them. I could not read her mind, but at least I had her eyes. I was lost in them, in her, and she in me. Her lips began to move, to speak to me no doubt, and this time, I told myself, I would most definitely answer her. Where had my resolve gone? But just as the words were about to leave her lips, Mike Newton showed up. Damn him! I should snap his neck right now. "Hey Bella." I saw her slightly cringe at the sound of his voice and I inwardly cheered that she seemed to detest him as much as I did. Reluctantly she turned to face him. "Oh, hey Mike. What's up?" She was faking enthusiasm for his benefit. And not very well I might add. I had to stifle a laugh. Luckily they didn't seem to notice. On the outside Mike seemed calm and collected. He had a smile on his face and showed no signs of distress. But I, with my special gift, knew better. In his mind he was cursing me. What the hell was that I just walked up on?, he thought bitterly. Did Cullen finally decide to start noticing Bella? Damn, he better not try anything. She's mine. A growl rumbled in my chest, too low for anyone to hear. Yes, I most definitely was going to snap his neck. Oh, if only he knew how close he was to a furious vampire. "So, Bella, Angela told me you volunteered for the auction." He had a mischievous glint in his eyes. Wait. What auction? Was I missing something? There's an auction? "Y-yeah," she stuttered. "I didn't really want to, but it's for charity so..." she trailed off. I had no idea what they were talking about. What auction? Then, suddenly, it occurred to me. I had been so preoccupied with Bella that I completely forgot about the date auction during last period. And I most definitely did not know she would be in it. Great. The school would be auctioning off dates for the dance in order to raise money for a local charity. And now my Bella would be on display for everyone. That's right, I said my Bella. She may belong to another man one day but she would always be mine. Because she would always have my heart. When it was just the dance I had nothing to worry about. I knew Bella would never go with anyone, if she went at all, and I took great solace in that knowledge. But now she was auctioning herself off as a date. That was typical Bella for you. She was so selfless, always putting others before herself. She never ceased to amaze me. She was unlike anyone I had ever known. She only proved that, when she kept her word about the Tyler incident.