Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Hope you enjoy this little bit I wrote. It's rated M for a reason. To all concerned, I'm still working on A Tortured Soul. My beta has the next chapter. As always, thank you icrodriguez for all your help and support. :-) Edward sped through the lush forest eager to get back home. It had been over two decades since he was last with his family, and he was anxious to see them again. He had left after the loneliness had become too much for him to endure. He had spent the better part of sixty years in the company of happy couples, and though it pained him to admit this to himself, Alice was right. He needed a mate, and being around so many mated vampires only made the sting of bachelorhood that much worse. After traveling the world thousands of times over and meeting vampires from all across the globe, he was ready to go home again. Edward leapt over fallen tree trunks and darted around overgrown branches as his legs brought him closer to the home he and his family had occupied many times before when their charade as humans brought them back to Forks. The structure had changed many times over the years, but the many pieces of furniture they had collected during their lifetime had remained, memories of so many days gone by. As Edward picked up the scent of water nearby, another more intoxicating aroma overwhelmed him. It was a vampire, somewhere close by from the potency of the smell, and a female vampire at that. Her scent was simply heavenly, and the closer Edward got to the water, the stronger it grew in potency. He slowed his pace in anticipation. The scent was more powerful by the lake for some reason and as he came upon it, he came to a sudden halt as his eyes landed on a naked woman in the water. She stood waist high with her back to him. Her skin sparkled and shimmered in the sunlight and reflected off the water around her. She positively glowed. He gasped at the sight of her and the sound made her turn. She looked at him over her shoulder and smiled radiantly. She turned to face him fully and her long mahogany hair fell over her shoulders and over her breasts, hiding them from his eager eyes. He felt his slackened jaw fall open and his eyes widen as he raked them over her face, taking in her uneven lips, small upturned nose and delectable skin. She was stunning. Never before had he seen anyone so utterly breathtaking. And Edward had been all over the world, met many people. Her beauty was unmatched by any. As he stood there speechless, her smile only deepened as she dipped below the water. Just a moment later she resurfaced from beneath the dark lake near the shore, her warm topaz eyes shining vibrantly. He trailed his eyes down the column of her neck and as the swells of her breasts began to emerge from the lake, Edward abruptly turned around. He was gawking. The gentleman in him told him to avert his eyes, but the deprived hormonal teenage boy inside begged him to turn around and take a peek. He was tempted, so very tempted to give in to his desire to see her. He heard the rush of the water as she moved through the lake, and listened as her feet brushed through the blades of grass the closer she got to him. But as he stood there, listening to the sounds around him, he noticed something surprisingly absent. Her mind. Why could he not hear her? He tilted his head further in her direction, careful to keep his eyes focused ahead of him as he strained with his mind to read her thoughts, but he came up empty. He was getting nothing from her. That had never happened to him before. How was that possible? He was suddenly very aware of her as she stopped behind him, his skin beginning to tingle. She affected him so profoundly that he could practically feel the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. His body thrummed with an otherworldly electricity at her close proximity. "I…..I'm sorry for staring like that," he said breathlessly. "I didn't mean to intrude." Her tinkling laughter caught him off guard. "Don't apologize. I'm the one prancing around naked in the open woods." Edward swallowed, nodding his head. His throat was suddenly very dry. "Yes, I suppose so," he said letting her decadent aroma fill his senses. He smelled freesias and just a hint of lavender, and maybe vanilla. Edward didn't know what else to say and he most certainly didn't know what to do with himself. Was she just going to stand naked behind him all day? "Would you mind handing me my clothes?" she asked, breaking the silence that stretched out between them. Edward looked down at his feet and noticed the pile of clothing sitting there in the overgrown grass. He hastily picked them up, nearly stumbling as he did so. He held the garments out to his side. "Of course. How rude of me." The mystery woman took her clothes from his hand, brushing her fingers against his as she did so. A spark ignited where they touched, setting his entire body aflame. There was still nothing coming from her mind, nothing to give any indication of what she was thinking, but her gasp told him all he needed to know. She felt it too; felt the spark, the electricity between them. He cocked his head to the side as he listened intently for the sound of her dressing. There was none. He heard her clothes suddenly fall to the grass, and the sound of heavy breathing from behind him filled his ears. Edward turned around, slowly bringing his eyes up the length of her magnificent body. She was still naked, tiny beads of water peppering her skin. Her breasts were round and perky, her nipples hard and taunting him. Her chest rose and fell in hurried pants as she watched him watching her. His eyes wandered further down her body, her taut stomach so smooth looking, her waist dipping in before her shapely hips. Her legs were long and lean, the curls at her center dripping with water. "You're not dressed," he said lamely, his body responding instantly to the sight of her. She shook her head. "No, I'm not." She looked into his eyes, her gaze as hungry as his. "Does that bother you?" It took him a moment to respond but when he did it was a breathless, "No." And with that one word, he was on her, his fingers digging into her hair, his lips attacking hers with wild abandon. She kissed him back, her lips exploring his mouth, her tongue reaching out to his, her hands clawing at his arms trying to draw him closer. He groaned as their lips danced, his arms wrapping around her and bringing her naked body flush against him. Her breasts pressed tightly against his chest, and he could feel the hard peaks of her nipples through his shirt. He was desperate to rid himself of his clothes so that he could feel her naked body against his. Edward didn't know what had gotten into him. He was a virgin for crying out loud, often fending off advances of women, but he couldn't seem to help himself. He needed to touch her, whoever she was, to feel her. He needed her badly; it was a desperate ache inside him just to hold her. He slid his hand up her side and she shivered against his touch, her lips attaching to the base of his neck furiously. She bit down gently and he moaned loudly, his eyes rolling to the back of his head. She continued to lavish attention to the skin of his neck and his hands gripped her hips in response. Losing himself to the sensations coursing through him Edward cupped a hand around her right breast and kneaded the soft flesh, rolling her nipple between his fingers and eliciting the tiniest whimper. She threw her head back, eyes closed, and moaned loudly. The delicious sound bounced off the surrounding trees and shot straight through Edward's body, going directly to his groin. He was already impossibly hard and the sound only made it worse. He was straining against his jeans and he knew that if he didn't remove his pants soon he would burst right through the denim. With her head back, Edward took the opportunity to nuzzle his face in between her glorious breasts, licking and kissing her skin savagely. Her fingers found their way to his hair, burying themselves in the messy strands and tugging in appreciation, trying her best to pull him closer. His mouth found her breast and he pulled the hardened peak into his mouth. He was rewarded with another moaned and he grunted in response, flicking the pink pebble with his tongue. She hooked a leg around hip and bucked uselessly against him, a silent plea for more. Her fragrance intensified with her arousal, the potent aroma emanating from where Edward wanted to be the most. The scent overwhelmed him as he realized it was all for him, that she was responding to his every move, his every touch. That alone had his head spinning. Holding her nipple between his teeth, he bit down gently, both his hands finding purchase on her ass and squeezing forcefully. She hissed at the sting, but it only seemed to arouse her more. He instantly soothed the bite with his tongue, eliciting a small growl from her lips. The woman's wild eyes met his, lust deepening the color to black. Her fingers grabbed at the front of his shirt and she pulled, the buttons popping off and landing all around them. Her mouth and hands were on him instantly, all over him, pulling and tugging on his skin. He groaned loudly as she drew one of his nipples into her mouth, repeating the same action on him. He fisted a hand in her long mane of curls, and as she bit down again, a loud, guttural moan left him. He pulled her up to eye level and kissed her roughly, pushing his tongue into her mouth and attacking hers wildly and without restraint. When he pulled back they were both panting. "Who are you?" There was a touch of awe in his voice as he spoke at her. He couldn't believe this woman wanted him. Her lips pulled up in one corner. "I'm yours," was her only reply. He groaned. She was his . This woman was a complete stranger, yet he couldn't help the rush of excitement that coursed through him at her words. And she was his. Of that he was certain. He'd never felt anything so deeply before, wanted anything so badly. And he was hers. Of that, there was no doubt. She would have all of him, she would have everything. He caught her lips again, dipping his tongue into her mouth and swirling it around inside, touching every inch of her he could get to. She tasted so damn sweet and so fucking perfect. Her hands trailed over his chest and down his stomach, coming to the button of his pants, her fingers tickling the hair above the waistband. One hand smoothed down over the fabric, covering his dick and cupping it in her tiny palm. She rubbed him and he nearly exploded on the spot. "Shit," he ground out between clenched teeth, his head falling to her shoulder as he fought to control himself. Her hands worked the button quickly, her nimble fingers sliding the zipper down with ease, and he sprung free. A sigh left him when he was finally released, the cool air a stark contrast to the