All in the Family Hermione Granger Potter was busy at work on supper in the kitchen when she heard the sound of a wheelchair pulling up behind her. With eight years of practice, Severus Snape was getting accustomed to moving about the house in his chair. Although he had taken partial paralysis very hard in the aftermath of the snake attack, and spent copious amounts of time feeling sorry for himself, he was doing much better with time. "What intriguing concoction are you conjuring up this Valentine's Day?" he queried with raised eyebrow. "It always comes down to potions for you, doesn't it, Professor?" she twitted, lifting the lid of a steaming pot to stir the contents. "Life itself boils down to elements mixed in such and such a fashion. A witch of your training should know that well enough." "I know," she relented. "And now you're going to lecture me on overcooking vegetables, correct?" "More specifically carrots," he clarified. "They turn to mush quite easily if not handled with professional care." Hermione rested one hand on her hip. "Remember the last time you complained about my food?" "Vividly," he concurred. "It had to do with some very lumpy mashed potatoes." "And what happened to said potatoes?" "They…were flung in my general vicinity." His eyes sparkled knowingly over her outbursts of temper. "Well…I did help you clean them off afterwards," she noted. "Yes, but still gave me the silent treatment for the whole weekend." "Until you read me that book." She looked tickled by the memory. "You came into the kitchen while I was cooking, and said –" she cleared her throat and assumed a Snape-like monotone – "Mrs. Potter, I believe I have come upon a book which you may find edifying; would you be disturbed if I were to read you some of it while you cooked?" "It's the only voice I've got, Mrs. Potter, don't wear it out," he grumbled. Hermione giggled. "Well, I did like your book, in spite of myself. Harry is a literature teacher, and he doesn't read me poetry like that. Makes me think you're a far more sentimental man than you want to believe. Comes out when you read, especially John Keats." "I…I was trying to…set things to rest between us," he explained. "I knew that." She smiled over her shoulder. "You seemed to think I was going to kick you out of the house or something." "No one would have blamed you if you wanted me out of your home, the way I was acting." "You just can't help yourself. But I think we've grown rather used to each other, don't you think?" He looked at her softly. "I…I know I haven't always been particularly fair to you. But…you've proven yourself to be a capable, independent-minded woman who excels at both her pharmaceutical career and as a wife to the heroically incompetent wonder-boy and mother to his hyperactive brood." Hermione made a snort-laugh. "Well, nice that you managed to compliment me and insult my whole family in the same breath." "Still," he continued, "you do a good job with them. Potter needed someone like you to keep his head on straight, no two ways about it. And…you've shown yourself to be a far better soul than I, putting up with…this manic-depressant, oft-times ungrateful, cynical bastard pinned into a mechanical contraception for the rest of his days." "Now it's not all that bad," she sighed. "You're just…you." "It was all that bad when I first got in this thing, and you know it." He squeezed the wheel of the chair indicatively. "You've…helped me a lot, in and out of it, over the years. And I was markedly unkind to you in the beginning. I must have called you every name in the book…" "Not every name," she corrected him. "Well, no," he conceded. "I'm not the type to make the exact same mistake twice in a row." She shook her head indulgently. "You just redoubled your efforts to knock me down to size from potions class. But in case you've noticed, I wouldn't be knocked." "No, you wouldn't be," he agreed. "To your credit." He met her gaze honestly. "When Potter offered to share his room and board with me in the muggle world as opposed to my living in squalor on a measly pension or landing in Azkaban in the wizarding world, I didn't want any charity. He told me I could contribute to household expense by writing out chemistry manuals if it would make me feel better about it, but I imagined the situation would not go over well with his wife. Being a burden is the last thing pride can allow and I knew…the venom had left me…in a state of requiring some assistance, although I wanted none of it. And on top of that, I knew I would never be a particularly docile patient." "I'll agree with that," she tossed in teasingly as she sprinkled some more spice in her cheese sauce, stirring it thoroughly. "But nevertheless, you've handled it with grace. I've waited for you to have Potter evict me, tell him to abandon his foolish notion of taking me in to begin with. You've been more than willing to tell me off during my…phases. But you have yet to threaten throwing me out." "Of course not," she confirmed. He was quiet for a long while, and then asked simply, "Why is that?" "Because," she started softly. "You just…don't throw out family." Snape blinked. "I'm…I'm not…" "People don't have to be related to be connected that way," she assured him. "Just like people don't always have to get along to care about each other." She folded her arms. "Now…what is it you wanted to ask me?" "What…?" "Stop beating around the bush; I know there's something you want." His eyes flickered nervously. "I heard you're having Minerva McGonagall over this Sunday." "Yes, isn't it exciting? I've been dying to see her again. It's been ages…" "What I wanted to ask is…I…I don't want her to see me like this. It's been eight years since she laid eyes on me…at the end of the trial, when I was acquitted…and I was in a stretcher then." He breathed out through his nostrils, remembering how ashamed he had been as people gawked at him lying there. Even though he had been cleared of the charges laid against him for death-eater activity, he knew that he would always be seen as a slithery pariah, an untrustworthy collaborator, and perhaps a somewhat fascinating freak. Then he had seen Harry Potter hovering over him, and angrily ordered the boy to make everyone stop looking at him as if he were dead and stuffed in a museum display. The ordering soon melted into anguished pleading as all those eyes seemed to bore into him like knives and he felt claustrophobia close in on him. He had realized in that terrible moment, that no one else intended to help him after that point, that he might just be left immobile on the street like a nasty, injured cat no one wanted to bother with. And no matter how much that cat might scratch and hiss in the beginning, if it found itself cruelly kicked into the alley, hurt and twitching and curled up, the broken creature would start mewing, like any kitten that found itself dying alone without warmth or food or a comforting hand or the ability to help itself. The prospect had frightened him enough to require Potter and Professor McGonagall both to calm him down, and promise not to leave him to the tender mercies and dehumanizing glares of the onlookers. And now…he'd be seeing her again… "Would you…help me into a regular chair or a sofa or something before she arrives? Otherwise, I can just…stay down in the basement until you're done entertaining…" "Don't be ridiculous," Hermione huffed. "Of course I'll help you get settled into wherever you want to be before she comes." He looked down shyly. "Thank you." "Really, Professor, you make too much drama out of everything. It's no trouble at all." She turned and dished out a spoonful of her noodle casserole onto a plate. "Since you're going to complain about it one way or another, you might as well do it now." He took the plate and fork she was handing him and gazed at it thoughtfully. "From potions master to poison tester…just my luck…" "Oh, stop with the whining, and just eat it!" Reluctantly, he shoveled a forkful into his mouth…and then felt like his throat was on fire. "Water is required…" he rasped. "That's not very complimentary!" "Fact of life…water needed…fast…" "Alright, here," she sighed, filling up a glass at the sink, which he quickly gulped down. When he had recomposed himself, he blurted, "What is it with you and setting things aflame? You've been at it since first year, as I recall…a regular little pyromaniac…" "You're never going to let me live that down, are you?" He glared at the pan of macaroni, and his brow knit with suspicion. "Are you sure you're not pregnant again or something?" "And what's THAT supposed to mean?" she retorted, hand on her hip. "The record proves that when you're pregnant, your cooking becomes…heated." "I like to add spice to life!" She smiled from ear to ear, and Snape started to look her over with an analytical eye. "You are pregnant, aren't you?" he queried pointedly. She swatted at him with her apron as she took it off, but her blushing cheeks told all. "Now don't you go telling Harry before I get the chance. It's my little Valentine's Day surprise for him." "Is it so surprising?" he challenged. "You two must be engaged in… regularity , as you've been reproducing like rabbits." "What a diplomatic way of putting it," she clucked. "I know what's coming now," he lamented. "You'll get out one of those giant name books from the library, go through every single one of them, force me to divulge some opinion or other, then dismiss it altogether and name the child after someone who is decidedly deceased." "Well, I think it's a good way to remember everybody that deserves remembering," she explained. "Besides, you made it in as a middle name for one of the boys, and you're not dead." "Lucky me," he exalted. "But this time round, if you're stricken with yet another male offspring, you're going to name him after that sock-obsessed house elf and your husband's owl, I know you will." "Dobby Hedwig," she pondered. "Hmm…it does have a nice ring to it at that…" "I refute any and all responsibility for it," he stated in earnest. Hermione wagged her finger. "I think your problem is that you just can't bear to think of your least favorite students populating the next generation." He shifted in his chair a little. "Actually, you…were one of my top pupils." He bit his lip as if the admission was physically painful, and Hermione's jaw fell open. "So…now you regret letting your Slytherins get away with making sport of me all those years, and not letting me answer all those times when I raised my hand in class?" "On the first count, judging from Draco Malfoy's experiences with you, I do believe you were capable of holding your own." "You mean that time I punched him?" "That…is a fair example. And as for the questions and answers sessions, if I had let you have the floor as often as you wanted it back in your know-it-all days, I do believe we'd still be trapped in that wretched course for time and all eternity." She laughed out loud. "Well, I'll grant you that it's just possible you scared a lot of us into passing those semesters when we ordinarily might not have, like you scare the poor boys into behaving better around here." "Those 'poor boys' of yours seem most undeterred in their efforts to root up