Another Spark-The 93rd Victor Chapter One. Ryez's point of view Story Dedication: Music . And . Fanfiction . Rule Summary: The rebellion never happened and the Hunger Games are still going. This year, it's the 93rd Annual Hunger Games. Who will you root for? The sly, underdog from District Nine with a tragic past? Or, the cocky and brutal Career from Four, who everyone expects to win? What about the other 22 innocent children who are forced to fight to their deaths? May the odds be ever in your favour. Yeah, so that's the summary. I couldn't fit the rest of it on the thing, so I put it here. This will be my own version of a Hunger Games following two characters, with some alternate POV's if I feel like it. I know these types of stories are common, but hopefully you guys will like this. Disclaimer: Unfortunately, I don't have the pleasure of owning the Hunger Games, but this story, characters, and plot are all my own. Authors note: Hello my awesome readers! (If I have any... Hehe) I would just like to thank you for clicking on this story. Just you reading this means the world to me. Hopefully, you won't be disappointed. This story is a little like my previous story, which is now deleted, called 'The 93rd Hunger Games'. If you have read that you will know that it isn't great, and that I am re-doing it to make it better. The character, Coral, and some of her background and events that have happened will be included in later chapters, as I have now changed it to alternate POV's. Also, Coral will be facing major changes, including a name change and maybe even a gender switch, as two girl point of views probably wouldn't be as interesting, but I haven't totally made my mind up about that. I hope all of you previous Coral fans will adjust to that and enjoy my other character, Ryez. Hopefully this version will be much improved. This chapter is quite long, I agree, but if you could persevere that would be great. The most important bit is at the end you see. Reviews are always welcome, as I will always take your opinions and criticisms into account. Remember, reviews make every author happy, and I would just love to hear from you! Big thank-you to Squintz who edited this chapter! She is a really talented writer, so I advise you to check out some of her stories. Without further ado, I give you the first chapter of Another Spark! "What do we have here?!" He taunted, that malicious, murderous glint filling his sharp, grey eyes. I didn't have time to feel scared, and I didn't have time to run either, for that matter of fact. He slammed me into a tree, the impact took my breath away, and I found myself gasping for breath before I could even register what was going to happen. A sharp branch, which could have easily impaled me, fortunately missed me by less than an inch. I was condemned and paralyzed with fear, and thinking of this outcome was only making it worse. His not surprisingly strong, muscly arm pinned me against the tree, and he cackled whilst I squirmed, terrified, and tried so hard to break away from his strong grasp. As much as I wanted to, I couldn't scream out for help. And trying to escape clearly wasn't an option, due to his scarcely strong grasp. My whole body seemed to be frozen, unable to do anything but tremble. What would be the point, anyway? No-one would come and help me if they heard me screaming out for help, or saw me dying in agony on the floor. Everyone would do exactly what I would do in their situation, pretend this wasn't happening. His sharp and intermediate features glared at my frightened face almost teasingly, I was putrified. His pointy, glistening teeth bearing, as if to make me feel threatened. I felt small. Weak and helpless, and the threatened thing? It was working almost too well. I'm pretty certain I would be strangled to death if I even dared to breathe, he was holding me that tightly. His hot breath smelt disgusting on my scared face, but now was not the time to complain. If only I could escape, I might finally have some chance of getting back to my beloved sister, Ryez. And my beautiful baby daughter, Sapphire, who is only three-months-old. Yes, you heard me correctly. Three-months-old and her mother has been taken to the slaughter and left her with a thirteen-year-old to take care for her. A thirteen-year-old, who trembled at the word 'Reaping' or 'Games'. A thirteen-year-old, who was probably crying hysterically, watching her sister being pinned against a tree. A thirteen-year-old ,who I love too much to even begin to describe. I even longed to be back with my depressed father, who for the past 10 years, has barely uttered a word to Ryez or I. He has even resulted to beating us from time to time, but I will forgive him. He doesn't help with the baby; He refused to even meet her, which breaks my heart, still. But I still love him, despite everything. It motivated me, they all needed me. I need to return to them, they can't live without me. I was suddenly overthrown with a huge wave of determination and energy. I tried to kick him, in the place where the sun doesn't shine. But when I did, he would push his hand further against my throat, making me gag and choke even more. Even if I did succeed in hurting him slightly, it was like he didn't feel any pain. It was like he repelled it. That was the one and only thing I wished we had in common. I gulped in fear, my throat becoming dry and closing completely. I had to stop myself from screaming, which I probably couldn't do anyway, because I couldn't show him I was weak. I needed a plan, quickly, or I was literally dead meat. Ryez wouldn't be able to survive without me there to help her, guide her, love her, and just be part of her life! Tiny little Sapphire, well, the thought her growing up without me by her side was simply heart-breaking. It made a pain form in my chest. I had to be strong, for their sakes. I had to win. I thought of my little daughters big and beautiful sky blue eyes, glowing in the sunlight. That's why I named her Sapphire. It's simple and expected, but it means so much to me. Her eyes remind me of that precious jewel, she is as precious to me as a sapphire. Even more precious to me than a sapphire, she is more precious than the world. My helpless little daughter, weak and fragile. She needs me, I need her, and we need to be together. "What do you think of this one Ryez?" I asked, modeling Sapphire's tiny, fragile frame in various cute little reaping dresses. Small, dainty and beautiful outfits that used to be Ryez's. She managed a mere smile and a nod in response, she was too afraid to give me a real answer. Too afraid of the reaping. She never really cared about fashion anyway, but this was still worrying. "Aren't you beautiful." I cooed to Sapphire, her blue eyes especially bright and gleaming in appreciation, as if she was answering my question. "Aw, thank you Maiz" Ryez laughed sarcastically, like she usually would on any other day but today. Her voice was shaky, breaking in the middle. It was obvious she was scared, but she was trying to make me less worried. I enveloped Ryez into my arms, whilst balancing Sapphire on my hip. I kissed Ryez's forehead delicately, hugging her gently and comfortingly. She wept a little on my shoulder and shook a lot at first, but began to calm. She was scared she was going to be reaped, and scared that I was going to be reaped. It broke my heart to see her that way. "You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen sweetie. I love you Ryez, whatever happens never forget that, ever." It was almost like she knew something bad was going to happen right then. Sapphire started to cry, as if she felt left out of all the sorrow and terror. I picked her up, cradling her in my skinny arms. Ryez came over, stroking her little black tufts of hair, almost like her own when she was that tiny. We all began to smile. Slowly, but magically. I just wanted to freeze the moment right then. Us all happy, and most importantly, together. That day, before the reaping, I hadn't thought of the worst that could happen. I guess I just presumed I wasn't going to be picked. Like the Capitol would be sympathetic towards me, taking pity on me because I had my baby and sister to look after. I guess not. Did I really think the Capitol could be in any way nice ?! What was wrong with me?! I only had to enter my name in more a few times, for food, same with Ryez, even though I still felt gulity about it, despite her doing it behind my back. So the odds were mostly in our favour compared to some of the other starving kids of whom you could easily count their ribs, I guess. When I was reaped, Ryez tried to volunteer for me, but I wouldn't let her. I tried to keep myself together, but seeing her that way made tears stream out of my eyes. I was immediately labelled as weak, which is true even now. She screamed, only stopping when a peacekeeper held a gun up to her precious little face, then it was my time to scream while I watched her tremble in terror. They didn't shoot her, but it scared any life I had left in my away. I wouldn't have been able to live with the regret if I did let her take my place, so I guess here I am. In fact, letting her take my place would be the worst thing I could ever do, because I protect her. Not the other way around. I will always protect her, even if I die right now. The Capitol may try and take that away from me, but they can't. When I die, I will watch over her and protect her still, and when she comes to join me we will be happy, forever. I wonder what she is doing now. I hope she's ok, I pray that she is and always will be. I pulled and struggled, trying to get away. Using all the strength I had in me. Which, for your information, wasn't a lot. My arms began to fling around, and I was kicking and squirming to try and get free. But he didn't move. He just stood there with that horrible smirk plastered on his face, watching me quickly becoming exhausted whilst failing to flee. I needed to get away from this monster, who was trying to kill me. Although, he wasn't the monster, I know he's playing a long with their barbaric game, but only because the real monster's controlling him. The real monster is the Capitol, and it always will be, because everyone is too afraid to stand up for their beliefs. I see that now. He would loosen his grasp, teasingly, then grab me again when I thought might have a miniscule chance of escaping. He laughed in amusement every time. It was no use. I wasn't going anywhere. I remembered the first time I held my baby. It felt like a life time ago, when in reality, it was only a few months ago. She was like a bundle of happiness as soon as those eyes locked into