Hey yall! welcome to my new story! this is my first hunger game story so please be kind :) this is an OC story so the characters might be a little OC as well, um yeah so this chapter is going to cover the first book the next will be the second book and so on and so forth, when i do get to the 3rd book there will be spoilers for the move so if you haven't read the books you have been warned, once the books are out-of-the-way this will fallow what I think happens after the books end so please enjoy this story, p.s i do not have internet at the moment so my updates will be spread out I'm so happy how this came out. Also I DO NOT OWN ANYTHING BUT ALICE AND HER FAMILY SOOOO HAVE FUN AND ILL SEE YOU WHEN ITS DONE What if Gale had a second love triangle? what if there was a girl he loved before Katniss. Her name is Alice. Alice was only 4 when her mother died during Child birth. Five years later her older brother Jackson was chosen as the male tribute for the 65th hunger games. two years later she lost both her father and younger brother to a sever illness. She was alone and living in the group home slowly slipping into depression that is until she met Gale. Gale met Alice after school when he saw a group of blond-haired boys chaise her into the meadow. Alice had tripped and fell and the boys begun kicking and throwing stones at the small girl. Gale found a stick and went in swinging. The fight had been broken up not to long after that by Gales mother. Gale went to help the girl up when he noticed something different about her. She looked like a normal seam child. Long dark hair that came down past her shoulders her light olive skin the only thing that was out of the ordinary were her emerald-green eyes. He helped her up with a smile. They were friends ever since. Alice started helping him in the woods after his father's death. She didn't need the food so shed just give it to him to triad. They always had some fun. One day Gale had pulled her behind a tree and pressed his body agents hers concealing her from view. " Um Gale?" Alice asked, her face turning as red as a strawberry. Gale pressed his finger to his lips telling her to be quiet, He peeked his head around and stepped out from behind the tree. Alice still frozen in place stayed and listen. "That's dangerous." Alice heard someone jump. She turned trod Gale and saw him diaper to the other side of the tree. "Whats your name?" "Katniss" "Well, Catnip, stealing is punishable by death, or hadn't you heard?" Alice chuckled as the girl corrected Gale. Alice stepped out behind the tree as well. "Gale, being out in the wood and hunting is also punishable by death" Alice crossed her arms and leaned agents the tree. The girl Katniss gave a small laugh as Gale rolled his eyes. "Anyway I wasn't stealing it. I just wanted to look at your snair. mine never catch anything." Gale put on his 'im oh so intimidating' scowl which if you didn't know him it would have been intimidating but it just made Alice giggle. "so where'd you get the squirrel?" Katniss didn't look faced and answered back with the same attitude. "I shot it" She pulled her bow off her shoulder showing it off. "Can i see it?" Gale holds out his hand. Katniss handed it over. "Remember stealing is punishable by death." Alice laugh. Gale looked over and glared before looking back and smiling at Katniss. It wouldn't be till the of the 74th hunger games that Alice would realize her feelings for Gale. REAPING DAY THE 74TH HUNGER GAMES "Reaping day. all you need to do is make it passed this one and then your free" Alice spoke to her self as she prepared. Alice was wearing a tattered pale blue dress that has seen if fair share of reaping's. The Dress was 2 sizes too big. but whose clothing really fit in district 12 anyway? Alice stared at her reflection before bowing her head. "Mom? Dad? please watch over me as this day goes on, And please watch over the poor kids being sent to the capital. They really need you more then i do." She looked up once more before leaving the bathroom and heading to the square. Alice began to search through the people already gathered and found Gale eminently. Gale was walking a few paces in front of her. He turned back and gave her a small smirk before heading off to his place in the reaping. Gale and Alice are the same age and will be standing in the same group. before reaching her place Alice's eyes met with Katniss. both Alice and Katniss gave a good luck nod. Alice squeezed her self in between Gale and a girl she had never seen before. The opening ceremony began with Effie Trinket stepping up to the podium and gave a long speech which Alice tuned out about half way through. Alice's began to let her mind wander into space. Gale would occasionally bump her arm to get her to pay attention. 'He looks so pale' Alice thought just as Effie began walking over to the girl Tribute bowl. Out off pure fear and habit Alice's Hand grabbed Gales. Gale gave her hand a light squeeze. Effie pulled out the paper and began walking to the podium. Alice took in a quick breath and held it. Effie opened the paper took a quick glance at the name then back to the people of 12. "Primrose Everdeen" Alice's jaw dropped as she looked up at Gale to make sure she didn't hear wrong. Gale's mouth was pulled into a hard line and watched as the crowed began to mermer. It couldn't be Prim. All Alice could think of was how she Knew what Katniss was feeling. All anyone could do was watch as Prim was being walked up to the stage with peace keepers surrounding her. Alice looked back and watched Katniss move up as well. Alice pulled Gales arm, He looked down at her then out to wear she was looking. The square was silent the only thing you could hear was the desperate cry of a beloved sister. "Prim!" Gale and Alice began pushing their way to the front. Both stopped when Katniss reached and pulled Prim behind her. "I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute." Gale was out of the group scooping up the smaller Everdeen bringing her back to her mother. Then next to be called was the bakers son Peetah Malark. After the pickings Friends and Family of the tributes get to say good-bye. Alice and Gale went in together. Gale holds his arms out Pulling Katniss into an embrace. He pulls back and doesn't wast time. "Listen" he says "getting a knife should be pretty easy, but you gotta get your hands on a bow. that's your best chance." Katniss shook her head "they don't always have bows". Alice put her hand on Katniss shoulder. "Then make one" Alice said. Gale nodded "Shes right. Even a week bow is better than no bow at all." Katniss nodded then a thought went threw her mind. "I don't even know if there is going to be wood." Katniss says. "There's almost always some wood." Gale says. "Yeah!" Alice adds in " remember that year half of them died of cold. not much entertainment in that!" Gale nodded in agreement. The peace keepers come in almost to soon. Gale begins to ask for more time but they begin herding them out. "Don't let them starve!" Katniss calls out to him. "I wont! You know i wont! Katniss, remember I" they pulled him out before They could here the rest. Two more peace keepers came in. Katniss looked at Alice give her a pleading look. "Don't worry, I'll look after him." Alice gave Katniss a quick hug before running out after Gale. Gale was headed to the train in a huff. "Gale wait up!" Alice called out. Gale slowed down but didn't stop. once she got up next to him they continued to walk in silence. Alice and Gale watched the train load and take off. Still being quiet they began walking to the seam. "So!" Alice said as she kicked a rock. Gale looked over and gave her a questioning look. "Lets go catch something and ill cook." Gale gave a small sigh. "Not tonight. maybe tomorrow" With that he walked to his door. "Ill see you then." and he went in. "Yeah sure" Alice kept walking until she reached the Meadow. She took a seat and stared at the sky. Her eyes slowly closed and she drifted off into a deep sleep. It was reaping day, a little girl ran around her home as an older boy about 14 chased after her. "Dammit Alice! quit moving and get ready!" The girl ran behind the table in their kitchen turning give the boy a nasty look. "NEVER! you'll have to kill me first!" She was off again. The boy groaned and went the opposite direction catching the girl off guard. "I got you now get ready or ill give Hank your dinner." The girl began to squirm in his arms before giving up. "Your mean Jackie!" She ran into the next room tossing off her pajamas and pulling an old dress over her head. "Yeah im mean" the boy laughed rolling his eyes. It was time to head down to the square. Jackie (Jackson) held Hank on his shoulders while holding Alice's hand as they headed down to sign in. Jackson put Hank down while letting go of Alice's hand. "Ill see you in a bit" He said with a smile. walking away. Alice stood watching in front of her father. The announcer spoke about the dark days and district 13 and blah blah blah. A girl with blond hair and blue eyes was chosen for the girls. She had to be about 12 or 13. As the announcer walked over to the boy bowl Alice took a deep breath and grabbed her father's hand. "The Male Tribute from district 12 is..." Alice sucked in a huge breath of air. "Jackson Fitzgerald" Alice's hand dropped as she watched her brothers face Pail. He marched his way up and took his stand. Before she knew it her feet began to move. Her father placed his hands done on her shoulder holding her back. The girl and Jackson shook hand before going into the justice building. The peace keepers lead Alice and her family to a door. once its opened Alice fly's in grabbing a hold of her brother and not letting go. Alice feels her fathers legs agents her as he hugs his son. They exchange a few words before Jackson bends down to talk to his sister. "hey! no tears" He says wiping a stray tear from his sisters cheek. Alice looks up trying to close the floodgates. "Chin up baby bird, you need to be strong and brave for Dad and baby hank." Alice nods sniffling a little. "I love you" She says giving him a small smile. Jackson smiles back "I love you to the moon and back baby bird" Alice wraps her arms around his neck. The door opens signaling its time for them to leave. "Its time to go" her father called. trying to pull her off her brother. Alice tightened her grip. "NO!" Her tears began to flow again. The peace keepers made their way over praying her arms open to release her brother. "NO!" She cried again as they lifted her up kicking and screaming. Jackson stretched out his