Scarlet skidded into the classroom, out of breath and out of place. A split second after, the bell pierced the school corridors as if to remind the students of the torture that was about to begin. For Scarlet, it was torture. The public school didn't look that kindly upon students with learning disabilities since they would be forced to give special care—which was, by the way, special care that they couldn't give—and adjust to the student's needs. Given that the teachers were already low-paid and running thin on patience, the board had altogether elected to put aside the case. "If the student truly has the fervor to learn," they had said to her mom, "he or she will be able to overcome whatever difficulties may come." She'd snorted at that. Like they were totally helping with the fervor part. She didn't like the way the other students and teachers would look at her, too. It was one thing to acknowledge that she had differences from them, but it was another thing to treat her like a dumb animal that didn't know her own name. Scarlet had already experienced enough patronization from her stepfather. She wasn't going to take anything else sitting down. In fact, she took it standing up and returned the favors with fists and flying cursed. Fighting was exhilarating, especially if you couldn't do it in your own house, where the real fight was. Here... the battles she picked didn't matter. So she picked all of them. She wasn't always the one spoiling for a fight, though. And it seemed that this was one of those instances. "You're late, Scarlet Cross," the English teacher said simply. One of her heavily penciled brows arched up, folding the papery flesh of her forehead into creases. "On the first day of classes, too?" Scarlett's head was pounding. "Ma'am, I arrived just as the bell rang," she sighed. She wasn't even going to ask how the teacher knew her name. "In fact, she arrived just before the bell started imitating a goddamn banshee." Scarlet turned to look to the front of the classroom, where a lanky girl was standing. The newcomer grinned, bright white against dark brown, then continued in a faint Southern drawl, "Miss, the jury's out on this one. Justice for all, yes? Detention for a tardiness that didn't even happen is some load of bullshit if I've ever seen one." The class erupted into surprised laughs at the oh-so-casual cuss. "Well, I'm the teacher, and so I say it's only just that you join her for detention later this Friday," the old woman fumed. "Welcome to Hill Shaw High School, Miss Alexia Parker. You're starting the year right." Her new classmate didn't lose nerve or a millimeter of her brilliant smile. "Well, you seem to be also starting your last year on Earth right, too, aye?" The laughter only grew louder, and Scarlet felt herself let out a few giggles too. The dark-skinned girl winked and threw a peace sign up before walking to one of the two vacant seats. Heart fluttering in high spirits, Scarlet quickly took the other vacant seat, which was, by some miracle, was next to the new girl. Alexia Parker gave her a side smile as she sat in her chair. "Miss Alexia Parker is here on a state scholarship, which means that her tuition is fully paid by the government to our school. However, she does not seem very grateful for it." The teacher crossed over to the platform and picked up a piece of chalk. "That, sadly, is to be expected, since Miss Parker has been diagnosed with medical conditions that Miss Cross is very familiar with." The teacher started dragging the chalk across the blackboard. Whatever good humor Alexia Parker had given her dissipated. Her fists clenched under the table, balling themselves up in her shirt. "Miss Cross, stand up. What can you tell me about the writings that you see here on the board?" Her butt stayed rooted to her seat, and her feet remained planted on the ground. "They're writings I can't read because I have dyslexia," she bluntly said. "Take it or leave it. It's gonna take me a while to read." "I was under the impression that you couldn't read at all. It must look like gibberish to you and Miss Parker, Scarlet." The chair beside her scraped the floor as Alexia Parker stood up. Her amused smile had turned sarcastic. "I don't know where the ever-loving hell you got the idea that I'm dyslexic because I'm not, but she's not illiterate. If anything, your handwriting's shitty enough to make her not want to read–" "Or," their teacher raised her voice, cutting over her seat mate, "you are ridden with yet another disorder that makes this so. Attention deficit and hyperactivity is a big problem. How do students expect to be able to concentrate when their brains are hardwired to deviate from normal mortal behavior?" Scarlet raised her eyebrow at the word "mortal." Alexia looked like she'd been slapped in the face. "Hmm, okay," said Scarlet, standing up and grabbing her things, "fuck you too, miss. You obviously don't want us here, so we're gonna do you a favor and get out." She took hold of her seatmate's slender wrist and dragged her along to the door of the classroom. Exiting the classroom was a breath of fresh air to Scarlet. Letting go of her backpack, she noticed then and there the deep crescent marks that had been dug into her palm. The skin was on the verge of breaking, which made Scarlet all the more glad about cutting the class. "Why'd you do that?" Alexia lowly growled. She inhaled and crossed her arms. "That bitch don't deserve to teach at all, with what shaming she's doing to you. To us." Scarlet shrugged. "I promised my mom I wouldn't get into anymore fights this year," she told the other girl, examining her nails. "I was suspended thrice and almost got expelled last year because of my anger management issues. Better walk out than end up socking a new teacher on the face." "Just so you know, her name was Miss Gonyea." Alexia rolled her eyes. "But I'll just call her Miss Gonorrhea for the rest of the year." "Miss Gonorrhea. Oh my god." "You can call me Alex. I don't like being called my full name." "Scarlet." She offered her hand, and Alex shook it. Her hand was warm, she noted, like a feverish patient's. "I really hope we're not just gonna stand outside this stupid classroom until next period." "Oh god no. What's your next subject?" Alex pulled out a crumpled piece of paper from her pocket, and Scarlet took out her schedule from her backpack pocket to compare. Much to both of their delight, they had the same break times, but that was it. "Eh, that's already fine with me," Alex said complacently. "Let's walk. I'm bored." Scarlet studied Alex. There was something weirdly familiar about her. It wasn't the way someone would recall a distant relative or long-lost friend; it was more of vague recognition, like knowing a concept but not being able to remember the word for it. But she was sure she had never seen her in flesh before. Which meant... "Why are you staring at me?" the other girl asked.. "Shit, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable, but–" Scarlet looked away. "Have you been on television before?" There was silence for a few moments, and Scarlet started to get uncomfortable herself. What a weird question , her inner voice grunted, flipping its imaginary hair. She envisioned shaving all of it off just to see the stupid figment of imagination get tormented. "... On the news." Alex's arms crossed over her chest tighter like she was protecting herself. "Why?" "What did you do?" Scarlet joked, but seeing the expression on the taller girl's face, she said in a more serious tone, "I won't judge you, I promise. I probably know all about it already, anyway." Alex bit the inside of her cheek. "Let's make it fair," she offered. "I'll tell you, and you tell me something that you wouldn't want others to know." "You have to go first," Scarlet defensively said. "I'll... think about mine." Alex narrowed her eyes like she didn't trust her, but said, "Okay." She was very much aware that she was literally on fire right at that moment. Tongues of heat licked at her arms, but her skin refused to feel anything; not one nerve was lit to its end. But she could have been burning anyway, and she wouldn't have cared. Only one thing mattered. "Tegan!" Alex screamed. The wooden beams from the roof splintered, crashing behind her. She felt her breath hitch. There was no turning back. "Tegan!" she cried. Her fingers met burning walls, she was inhaling smoke and dust and debris surrounded her– Was this how hell looked like? Her head spun. Her feet took her everywhere, but she was going nowhere. Alex reached for more doorknobs, doorknobs that should've been to scalding to touch, but she touched them anyway. She shook them, hands fluttering over one after the other. Beside her, the rail of the staircase flared up. She yanked her hand away, but it was too late. Her heart started beating impossibly fast as she stared at her hand, waiting for the pain and the scent of burning flesh to finally come. It didn't. Tears welled up in Alex's eyes. She felt them drop down her face, clearing paths among soot. There were so many doors, only one of them necessary to– This one twisted. A strangled wail escaped from the person inside, and Alex's chest swelled. "Help!" the voice sobbed. "Oh God, please, help me–" "Tegan," she babbled. "Tegantegantegan–" The fire had reached the window of Tegan's room. Her foster sister sat at the foot of the bed, curled up in a fetal position. Not even one movement rattled her figure. "Lexi!" Tegan gasped, only to start coughing. "Help us–" Us? Alex directed her gaze beside Tegan, wheee part of the ceiling had fallen in. There was a limp hand sticking out of it. "You're on fire," Tegan realized, voice trembling. "LEXI!" "I'm fine!" Alex shouted back. "I'm not hurt. Just trust me, okay?" Mutely, the older girl nodded. For the sake of her sanity, though, Alex shook her arms as hard as she could to extinguish the flame. When the last embers died out, Alex pulled the flaming planks off the person and hauled him up. She then encircled the other girl's waist with her arm and half-dragged her to the door. "Can you stand up on your own?" Alex yelled over the crackling fury. Tegan was still trembling. "I'll try," she blubbered. "Hurry up! We have to get out!" Alex hefted the poor boy onto her shoulder, his legs dangling over her front. "What were you even doing here?!" Like a newborn fawn, Tegan's knees knocked together as she rose. Her head dropped in shame. "I think– I think you know." Alex yanked the door open to a blast of heat in her face. Her heart felt ready to burst into pieces from the pace it was pulsing at. "We can't go back for your clothes." Alex tried to keep her voice steady as she led them through the maze of fallen debris and delicate floorboards. "You'll have to go out there and face the authorities buck-naked." Alex thought she saw the glint of tears rolling down the taller girl's face, but she ignored it in favor of thundering down the staircase. "Lexi! Watch out!" Her momentum reversed as a hand grabbed her shirt and pulled back. Out of pure reflex, she twisted and took the fall with her right elbow to save the head of the boy she was carrying. The platforms of the steps struck at her bones. Alex had forgotten about the column