Her dreams that night had taken her to a place unlike anything that Emma had ever seen; and yet it felt ever so slightly familiar, as if she had visited something similar to it before. She could hear the sound of running water, and not the kind of domesticated trickling that one might hear from a fountain. This sounded natural - wild. She gazed about herself in the half-light and followed the sound to a slope that ended at the edge of a swift-moving stream. She followed the stream bed with her eyes and blinked at the sight of the waterfall – steep and tall – less than a hundred yards away. Turning back the way she came, Emma noted the subtle evidence that she was in a garden, and not somewhere out in a wilderness. A mixed variety of unfamiliar flowers was strewn here and there in beds at the base of some trees, lending a sweet fragrance to the soft air. The green grass was thick and luxuriant against her bare feet, but long enough to demonstrate that no machine kept it trimmed. The soaring trees around her were huge and very old, with boughs that were nearly as big around as she was, but of a sort that she didn't recognize. And one of those trees had, at its base, a bench of stone, carved into the shapes of leaves and branches. Emma sighed. Why did it have to be that she could find such a beautiful place only in her dreams? Why couldn't she have found a place like this for real even just a month ago – when having it to visit would have made staying near her father as he slowly succumbed to cancer just a touch more bearable? Slowly she sank down onto the bench, working hard not to give in to the temptation to dissolve into tears. She'd done little else for days now; even Randy, her brother, was starting to grow tired of her moodiness. But then, she had always been closer to her father than he was. She was the one who loved to help her dad work with the artifacts in the museum, to help with the cataloging and storage of the fragile bits of history that were her parents' life work, whose interest in her parents' work had led her into the same field of research. Randy, on the other hand, was the athlete, the one playing football and tennis in high school and college, and staying home with school friends during the summers to attend his practices while she accompanied her parents to another excavation site. No longer. Randy worked for the electrical company now, installing, maintaining and repairing power lines. Several years ago, her parents had retired from actively going out on expeditions of discovery; then her mother had died of a heart attack, suddenly and very unexpectedly. And now this. Emma rubbed her fingers along the lines of carving on the stone bench and gazed around her. It was peaceful here, beyond anything she'd ever experienced. It amazed her that she could be aware that she was dreaming, and yet still feel the soft touch of breeze on her cheek, smell the fragrant flowers, hear the birds calling to each other from high above, and marvel at the skill of the artist who had created the masterpiece that she was sitting on. It was artistry and nature and utilitarianism all rolled into a harmonious whole that soothed the soul as well as the mind. And despite never having seen anything like this before, the sense of déjà vu wouldn't leave her. She had felt something similar to this at some other time in her life – but when? She leaned back against the smooth bark of the venerable tree behind her and sifted through her memories of the many places she had visited, both as a child and as an adult following in her parents' footsteps. Where had it been? Long moments of reflection and memory passed; and while she was no closer to figuring out her internal puzzle, the memories themselves had been good ones and had raised her spirits enough that Emma got to her feet once more. Without choosing a path, she wandered through what was now showing itself to be a cleverly designed garden; there were subtle hints that the abandon that surrounded her was a planned one. The mixture of flowers was too random to be completely natural. But it was the statue that finally brought forth the memory she'd been seeking. Tall, slender, with carved hair and draperies that looked as if the next breeze would lift them, the stone woman stood in the shelter of a vine-covered gazebo with hands outstretched in either welcome or comfort. Emma stopped short and stared hard, unable to believe her eyes. Yes, she remembered now. That had been the summer they had spent in the strange buildings at the bottom of a very isolated ravine, investigating a place that seemed completely out of place. In the middle of one of the gardens – gardens she now remembered which were sometimes in the middle of the building – had been a statue much like this one. She and Randy had made many afternoons fly playing at the feet of that stone woman with no face. The arms and hands had been portrayed close to the body, but what was left of the depiction of the clothing was just as graceful. This statue had a face, with an ethereal beauty to it that was striking. Emma stroked the cold stone cheek and wondered if that faceless statue she'd seen so long ago had once had a countenance like this one. She even bent to check the pedestal at the base of the statue; and lo and behold, this one too had a very small knob that, when pulled, opened a drawer. This drawer, however, held the tools of a gardener: a hand rake, a small trowel for digging in the soil, a knife that looked quite sharp. "Excuse me? May I help you?" The male voice was deep and rich, and more musical than normal, yet sounded concerned and a little alarmed. Still, Emma hadn't been expecting interruption, so she flinched hard and spun on her toes in her crouch to see the one who had addressed her – and was so surprised at what she saw that she fell backwards to sit on the soft grass at the foot of the statue. She didn't know whether she should be frightened or delighted at seeing, for the first time since that long ago summer in the strange ruins, a very familiar face. "You!" she breathed. Expressive eyebrows rose. "I beg your pardon?" He was very tall, just as she remembered, and his hair was like a curtain of waist-length black silk, trained away from his face in elaborate braids tipped by golden beads. His robes, draped in the manner of those worn by the statue he stood next to, shifted with his every movement, and looked to be made of a rich sapphire-blue brocade. "You probably don't remember me – it was such a long time ago – but I met you once, in what used to be a garden like this…" A whispered word slipped through his lips as his face blanched suddenly, and he swayed as if hit. "Um… Are you all right?" "You were much younger then," he said softly, in a tone that clearly communicated his surprise and wonder. "However, I can see signs of the child that was. Yes, I remember you as well, but…" His face folded into a frown of confusion. "What are you doing here ? You belong in Ennor…" Emma blinked. "I belong where ?" She looked around at the garden. "Just where is this place?" And now it was the tall man's turn to blink. "This is Barvedui, my home. Where we met the first time was once known as Imladris, which was also my home, only long ago." "Barve… huh? Im-what? What language is that?" "Sindarin, of course, which you speak very well, by the way…" Again Emma blinked. "I'm not speaking whatever you just said, you're speaking very clearly in English!" The man's mouth fell slack for a moment. "This time I know that I am not dreaming..." "And I know that I am ," Emma added quietly. "I was just wishing that such a place as this existed for real, and not just in dreams." She pushed herself up off the ground and up on her feet, brushing the seat of her pants out of habit. "So… When I saw you back… back in…" "Imladris." "Yeah. Back there… you were really asleep here ?" He nodded. "In my bed chamber, yes." "Did you know that you were asleep at the time? That you were dreaming?" He nodded, and Emma frowned. "This is very strange. Are you… real ?" "Very real, my dear. But perhaps we should finally introduce ourselves, should we not? I am Elrond, son of Eärendil." His hand landed on his chest over his heart, and he bowed very gracefully. She nodded at him. "I'm Emma – Emma Telcontar." She held out her hand. The man – Elrond – began to smile. "Telcontar," he repeated, and put out his hand to her – only to have his hand flow through hers as if she weren't there. He jerked in surprise and stared at her. "What…" Emma flinched back as well at the slight wave of cold that had penetrated her hand and then left it. She looked back and forth between her hand and Elrond's face in shock and dismay, then shook her head as the only possible explanation was a rather outlandish one. Thank heavens Randy wasn't here! He already told her she watched too many science fiction and fantasy shows and movies; she'd never hear the end of it if he heard her thoughts now! "Figures," she said ruefully, nonetheless. "I beg your pardon? You understand what just happened?" "I'm asleep, remember? Even if you are real, I'm not really with you. I'm back in my parents' house, asleep." She smiled softly in remembrance. "Here and I always thought you were a ghost – I guess this time it's my turn to haunt." "Haunt? Ghost? I'm afraid I don't understand these words." Maybe there really was a language barrier; those weren't uncommon words. "A ghost, as in the spirit of a person who is dead. When a ghost walks about, it's called 'haunting.'" "No, I am definitely not dead," Elrond shook his head and carefully withdrew his hand. "And neither are you, for that matter, if you say you are asleep in your own world." Emma tucked her hands behind her to resist the temptation to reach out and try to touch him again. "What I can't understand is how or why you and I keep running into each other." She gestured around her. "It's rather obvious that we live in very different worlds." "Now that , I think, I may have somewhat of an answer for," Elrond replied, and then held out his hand in a universal gesture of a guide. "But allow me to show you into the house, where we can be more comfortable in our talk." "And this is your garden," Emma said, her head twisting from side to side as she walked, in an effort to see everything. "It is. My lady-wife knew that I would want such a place, and she planned it carefully so as to remind me of my home in Imladris when I finally arrived." His face grew thoughtful. "There are times that I sit on a bench not far from the waterfall and close my eyes, and I can almost imagine myself back there." "I would love to have seen that place when it wasn't falling apart," she replied. "Even as a child, I could tell it