Elrond hung back for a while, studying the solitary figure of the elf that sat on virtually the very edge of the world, one leg dangling over the cliff edge and golden hair trailing lazily in the breeze, gazing steadily eastward. He should have known that he would find Legolas in a place like this – that in all of Valinor, the object of his search would find the one place that was almost bleak in its wild solitude in which to hide in plain sight. The soft grass that seemed to cover every other square inch of the island at the edge of the Blessed Lands had thinned to bare rock as it had neared the sea at this spot, as if the foliage knew better than to detract from the majesty of the cliffs that fell to the churning sea far below. The sky above was curtained with pale mist that swirled in the breeze up and away from the spray flying high where rock was pounded eternally by the sea. The roar of the action of waves on rocks was shattered occasionally by the raucous calls of the seagulls that floated far above, riding the thermal air currents up and down as if without effort. He had been worried about Legolas from the moment he'd heard that the last of the valiant mortals to have been granted the grace to spend their last days on the edge of the Blessed Lands had finally passed beyond the circles of the World. He had long suspected that this latest blow would be more difficult for the elven prince than all that had come before, for Legolas had done what no other of the Eldar had done before him – none other, that is, save he himself to a lesser extent. Legolas had completely given over his care and love into the keeping of mortals, even here in the Undying Lands; and now that Gimli was gone, he faced an Eternity filled with nothing but the unending agony of the loss of those mortals which would threaten his very being unless he could learn to move beyond the grief. The Eldar kept their distance from the Second-born for good reason, and not just a sense of superiority. Gimli and Legolas, unlikely brothers of the heart as close as any blood siblings, had settled on Tol Eressëa near where Galadriel and some of her folk had decided to make their homes – where an aged Gimli could once more rest his eyes occasionally on the face of the Lady of the Wood who had stolen his heart so long ago. It was close enough to the Elrond's halls to visit occasionally, but far enough away that the time between visits could slip by without note in the Elvish way if care wasn't taken. When word of the death of Gimli had come to him from Galadriel herself, Elrond had sent word back that Legolas would be welcome to take a respite in the recreated Imladris. His message had received no answer, and Legolas hadn't come. Days had become weeks, weeks had become months, and finally a carefully worded plea had come from Legolas' mother that had spurred the healer in Elrond into action. Here, now, he could see the reason behind her concern; and it was nothing less than what he had feared. Legolas was fading. Elrond could not miss the subtle pall of decline that had settled around the golden archer's shoulders like a heavy cloak. White-knuckled and surprisingly aged-looking hands clutched one knee to Legolas' chest as he stared into the east. His face remained smooth, but had become as stony as the precipice on which he sat. The youthful exuberance and energy that had always made the young ellon glow just a little brighter than his older peers was now nearly extinguished. Elrond knew that if something were not done now to counter the fast-moving fading process, this would likely be his last visit to the son of Thranduil. He moved forward slowly, neither seeking to hide his approach nor announce it until the soft leather sole of his slipper ground pebbles against the bedrock of the cliff itself. If he hadn't been watching closely, he would have missed the subtle shift in attention as Legolas noted his approach without acknowledging his presence. Legolas didn't speak, didn't beckon him to approach further nor bid him leave, so Elrond continued to walk up to the edge of the cliff. Grateful that he'd abandoned his usual robes in favor of leggings and tunic, he seated himself close by and shifted until he was as comfortable as he could be on a seat of rough stone, his own feet dangling over the edge of the island. Finally, he trained his gaze out across the sea. "Does it help, do you think?" he asked in a gentle voice that neither approved nor chided Legolas for anything, absently fingering aside a tendril of his long, black hair that the breeze had capriciously wrapped over his nose. Legolas let the silence that he had worn like a comfortable cloak resettle around him for a bit before answering, his voice brittle from disuse. "Not really," he replied, "but the setting suits my mood of late." "No doubt." Elrond allowed himself a small nod. "Sometimes," he began again in almost a tone of reminiscing, "it is good to know that one has found such a solitary place that if one wanted to throw oneself from the heights and thereby gain entrance to Mandos' Halls, there would generally be none close enough to object or impede." He felt rather than saw Legolas turn from the eastern horizon for a small moment in surprise before the ellon gave a small nod in response and returned to his previous pose. The silence grew oppressive before Legolas deigned to speak again. "How do you bear it?" The question was breathless, as if it had escaped before Legolas could rein it in. "How do you bear being torn from those you love best until the world ends?" Elrond trained his silver eyes on the agonized face of the ellon next to him. "That depends, penneth . Do you speak of those who have gone where we cannot follow until the breaking of the World because that was as Ilúvatar intended, or do you rather speak of those who remain beyond this sea in Arda, beyond our call and yet still capable of rejoining us at any time except for their own stubbornness?" Legolas glanced at Elrond for an instant, his unsettled mood clearly apparent, but then turned away to stare once more out over the sea. "Does it matter?" he answered, scowling. "Of course it does," Elrond returned his own gaze to the horizon. "Those who have accepted the Gift of Ilúvatar are lost to us; and yet, we knew the separation was coming and were as prepared for it intellectually, more or less, as were they. But when it comes to the kin that we have left behind in Middle-earth, we have only the hope that they too will eventually come West – that only their stubbornness or reluctance to remove themselves from the land and the Second-born, rather than death itself, keeps us apart. It is not knowing whether they have died or faded since we departed or whether they still live that hurts worst, in my opinion – and unfortunately, in my experience, that is a wound that even Ages in Valinor cannot fully heal." From the small gasp that escaped Legolas, Elrond knew he had indeed pegged the source of the younger ellon's current agony – and it was as Legolas' mother had feared. Legolas was grieving deeply for his now completely lost mortal friends and comrades – eight mortals who had become as a second set of siblings to him – and then his father's continuing refusal to leave Arda had begun to tear at him the moment he no longer had his mortal friends with him to occupy his thoughts and loyalty. The two pains combined were becoming unbearable, and Legolas' health had begun to suffer as a result. Elrond could only shake his head at the wisdom of a mother to know her son so well despite having actually known him for a relatively short time. He returned his gaze to the sea, all of his other senses straining to detect the slightest response from the ellon beside him. Again the silence between them grew long. Then: "It seems so strange that in a place that has promised healing of the heart, one can still..." "Grieve?" Elrond shook his head. "It doesn't matter where one is," he stated with a tone of utter certainty overshadowed with a hint of bitterness. "When it seems that the heart is wounded beyond the repair of even the Valar, there is no easy comfort to be had – even in Paradise. It is Time that is required, more than anything, to soothe grief – although the comfort Time gives will be weak and insufficient to the pain for a great while. Inasmuch as we of the Eldar have more than ample amounts of Time, the promise of eventual healing and peace isn't entirely an empty one. It only requires the patience of the one suffering to bear with the Time involved in learning to live without our lost ones until they join with us once more. For us, Time is both savior and torturer, often for the same reasons, almost always at the same time." Despite the comfort intended by his words, his last statement was still hard to pronounce. Elrond understood all too well the sharp pain of loss as well as the sense of endless emptiness that followed having lost so utterly, being still far too close to his own grief. Estel and Arwen were beyond the circles of the world; and even now he awaited word that his sons had finally boarded a ship that would bring them back into his care, hoping desperately that they would join him here and not follow their sister into a mortal life and eventual death as well. He didn't even want to think of the aching loss of his twin brother to the call of the Second-born, much less the loss of his King to the Enemy or the loss of his wife to the West before he'd finally sought his own healing across the Sundering Sea. Remaining only a mentor and teacher to numberless generations of his brother's kin that he'd succored, nurtured, groomed and yet had to release to the ravages of Mortality had protected him from those losses over the course of nearly an Age, but they had worn at him nonetheless. Even now, after almost two hundred years in the Undying Lands, it would be all too easy to slip back into that weariness that had nearly been his undoing during his last days in Middle-earth. He watched Legolas turned his gaze back to the horizon in the east, hoping the echoes of his hard-won experience would sink in soon enough to make a difference to one for whom the pain and emptiness was still a fresh agony. "I don't regret it, though," Legolas blurted finally, almost defensively. "Regret what?" "Learning to see Time as the mortals do," the younger ellon answered. A thumb and forefinger touched as illustration. "They value each individual moment for the treasure that it is in a life where such things are of an unknown yet finite number. They live such short lives, yet fill those lives with such vivid passion and action that they make…" Legolas' words dropped away, his shoulders drooped, and his hand dropped back into his lap. "Nevermind." "They make the leisurely life of the Eldar seem almost dull and monotonous by comparison?" Elrond continued the thought easily. Legolas eyes widened in surprise for a moment before he nodded in agreement and returned his gaze