Chapter 1 - Discovery Meg shifted in hersaddle and rubbed her eyes. She could hardly believe it, hardly believe that she had actually found it! But whatever it was, here it was - just as Gene had said it would be, and just as they had seen all those months ago… oOoOo "Do you see it?" he pointed down through the little plane's windows. Meg did her best to follow the path his finger indicated; and there certainly was something amongst the leaves of the trees below. "This is a pretty deep ravine, Gene. What do you suppose it is?" "I'm thinking buildings - maybe a settlement." She could hear the growing excitement in his voice. "Those look like tiles - the roof is tiled and covered with lichen. God only knows how old it is. Hang on, let's make just one more pass." "If someone's living down there, they're going to wonder what we're doing," she warned, although it was difficult to imagine anyone living full time in the pristine wilderness of the Caledonian Forest. "How the Hell did you find this?" "Search and rescue last year; a fella and his brother were lost along one of the hiking trails up here for almost a week. I flew this grid for hours, and only just happened to glance down in time to see the roof." Gene banked the plane gently, something for which Meg was deeply grateful. He knew how much she truly distrusted flying. "I noted the exact coordinates; and then after I got back to base, did some research and found the ravine in the satellite geological surveys." Meg stared down as the little plane made one more pass over the ravine. Yes, that definitely had the look of civilization - perhaps an estate. She could almost make out the shapes of the buildings themselves, now that she knew what to look for. "So now what?" "I'm thinking horses," he began, nosing the plane back out of the ravine and now banking in the direction of the airstrip where he had kept his plane for almost the entire decade that he'd lived in this part of Scotland. "According to the government, nobody lives in this part of the park - nobody's supposed to be in there without permission at all - and there's no mention of buildings or permits to build up here. Then again, this is a fairly remote area; I'd be willing to bet that nobody's been up here to see in all this time." "And you intend to check it out for them," Meg chuckled at him. Her brother was such a little boy about things every once in a while. She promised herself that she would be there when he went back, knowing he would - if for no other reason than to drink with him when he discovered that his imagination had once more run away with him. Gene gifted her with his toothiest grin, the one he used on her when she'd caught him out. "You know me, Meggie. I love mysteries. I just gotta know what's going on down there, and you know you do too. Nobody will even know we'd been out there. We'll have fun - you'll see - next year, when you come over..." oOoOo But he hadn't made it back to the ravine - and never would. The drunk who had sped through the stop sign in the middle of town two months later had taken away his grin, his laugh, his annoying sense of humor and his eccentricities; but worst of all, deprived her of her best friend. With both their parents already dead and Gene's wife fled to her parents' home in London with their only child, Meg was left alone after the funeral, not ready to head back to the States and her dead-end job as a legal secretary. It had taken time, but she'd eventually decided to make the trek into the forest for the both of them. It was one last thing that she could do for him. And now, here she was, sitting on a horse across what had proven to be a sheer cut into the mountainside by the roaring river below from buildings that could clearly be discerned through the trees and overgrowth in the high, noonday sun. Meg reached into the breast pocket of the flannel shirt she'd worn against both morning chill and direct sunlight to pull out her small digital camera. The view across the ravine was dramatic, and the buildings seemed to blend so well into their setting as to be almost organic themselves. No one would believe her if she didn't take pictures. That done, she studied the path ahead of her, and the narrow bridge that arched so gracefully over the chasm between the winding path that had taken her over half a day to follow down one cliff face and the buildings across the way. The sides were of stone, and looked intact and stable; but as she clicked at her mount to walk closer, she discovered that the span itself was wooden - and looked worn. She dismounted, tucked the reins of her mount between two boulders at the side of the path, and then walked up to the edge of the wooden bridge. A tentative probing of the wood revealed it to be firm, and no sound of creaking could be heard. Meg took a deep breath and stepped out onto the bridge, which remained solid beneath her feet. Each step was a three-stage affair, testing the next plank one by one, stepping on it, then waiting to see if it remained sturdy. By the time she'd made the middle of the bridge and nothing had even remotely seemed insecure, she began walking slowly forward. When she reached the other side of the bridge, she turned immediately and walked back to where she'd left her mount. Once more with slow steps, cautious because of the extra weight, she led the animal across the bridge. Safely on solid ground again, she remounted and moved forward at a pace that was far calmer than she was. The path wound back away from the river and then through a stone gate. Only then did she begin to get an appreciation for what she'd found, for she quickly found herself in an open area surrounded on three sides by silent stone walls. Ancient oak trees grew along them, nearly obscuring the stonework with leaves starting to turn as autumn slowly crept up into the Highlands. But most impressive, and totally unexpected, was the unimposing façade of the building that made the fourth side; a low portico spanning the entire breadth supported by delicate pillars of stone that looked to have been carved to look like young tree trunks. The courtyard - for that was what it must have been at one time - looked unkempt, with leaves and other plant detritus clumped at the bases of the ancient trees and next to the steps up to the portico. It was funny, but Meg got the feeling that she was being watched, that perhaps somewhere in this to all intents and purposes completely abandoned and derelict place, someone was watching her every move. She slowly dismounted and once more shifted her sunglasses to the top of her head. "Hello?" she called out, not really expecting much of an answer. "Oh, Gene, I wish you were here!" she sighed sotto voce, getting the same feeling that she did when speaking a little too loudly in a church. For the first time, she wondered if she were intruding - venturing someplace where she wasn't truly welcome - and it made her hesitant to go exploring. "Hello the house!" she called again, wincing as the sound of her voice acted like a pebble tossed into the middle of a peaceful pond. Still, after no response or hint of sound or movement behind the darkened windows that looked out onto the courtyard, Meg was able to reclaim a little of her courage. She affixed the reins of her mount to the outstretched hand of a carved maiden who seemed to be waiting for her to do just that, and studied the frozen face as she did. The maiden seemed to smile sweetly back at her, with long hair tossed back over her shoulder, her outstretched hand an obvious gesture of welcome, and a flowing dress that reached to mid-calf and left a delicate pair of feet and ankles exposed. Meg sniffed in admiration. The artist that had left this little treasure out, open to the elements, had been very talented. Determined to document everything she possibly could about this place, she hauled her camera out of her pocket and took pictures from several angles. She looped the wriststrap of the camera over her hand and moved up the low steps. These steps had been well-used, for there was an indentation where thousands of feet had stepped in nearly the same places over the years. She turned and spared another quick glance at Sadie, her mare; but Sadie looked perfectly contented and safe in the hands of the stone maiden. No furniture littered the portico; only a few stray leaves that had been blown into the shelter of the roof huddled against the walls of the building itself. Meg dared to step to one side and try to peek into one of the windows. The glass, she discovered, was wavy, in the manner of truly ancient glass displayed carefully in museum settings. The function of the glass, back in those days, had been more the simple letting in of light rather than allowing one to gaze unimpeded either in or out. The many small pits and distortions made anything she might have discerned inside indistinguishable. She sighed. If she wanted to get a look at the condition of the interior, she would have to actually enter the building. The door was massive, and decorated from top to bottom with an intricate bas relief of a forest scene. There were people portrayed as well: tall, slender, garbed in what looked to be medieval robes. The woman wore her hair loose and very long, and the man had hair almost as long and yet caught about the forehead with what looked like a thin band. A crown? Both held their hands out in a welcoming gesture. Meg put her hand on the carved handle and then let her fingertips admire the smoothness of the wood. This was the polish of extended use, not the artificial smoothness of polyurethane or other chemicals; one could not mistake the one for the other. She gave a small shove, fully expecting the door to be frozen in place; and then nearly tripped and fell on her face when instead the door moved inward easily on utterly silent hinges, giving her a first glimpse into the darkened inside of the building. If she had thought that it would smell dusty and old inside, as if it hadn't been opened in a very long time, she was mistaken; the foyer just inside the door smelled very much as the courtyard had: fresh, with a hint of pine from the forest. The room just through a simple arch from she had entered was dimly lit by the windows facing the courtyard, and better lit by windows that faced in the opposite direction. From the abundance of indistinguishable green through the warped glass, she guessed that the windows looked out into a west-facing garden that was still lit by the afternoon sun. What few furnishings she could see were pulled against the walls, as if the owner had anticipated this part of the building being often the site of large gatherings. Meg walked across what seemed to be smooth stone - the echo of her soft footsteps louder than she would have liked - to gaze down at a carved bench near the larger garden window. The wood, once