"Here you go," Irieth said, and Elara felt the helpful elleth guide her fingers along the edge of the new fabric in her lap so she could feel where the seam needed to go. The slender needle, freshly threaded with fine but strong silk, was pressed against the blind woman's forefinger to be clasped. "And here's this." Elara felt the hardened rawhide fingertip cover the others called a "thimble" being slipped over her middle finger next to the needle. "Thank you." Elara smiled and ran her hand down the fine silk thread to make certain a small but essential knot would anchor her work. She took her first stitch and let the gentle hum of voices around her settle back into her mind as she carefully pulled the thread through all the way to the end and set to work stitching a straight seam. The seamstresses sitting around her had all been friends for much longer than she'd been alive – she didn't really want to think how long they'd all known each other, for such thoughts only served to make her uncomfortable in her new home. She was complimented and content just to have been included in their midst of late. "They say a group of the Second-born from Esgaroth will arrive today," Giluín was reporting in a very confidential tone. "I heard Tarion grumbling to Dauglóren about them yesterday. "It seems the Men wish to renegotiate the borders again." "Baralin says that he thinks the men already encroach – and only now seek permission for actions they've already taken." Auriel's voice was sharp and critical. "He says that men understand that the age of the elves is ending and seek to further their reach into our realms while we still linger close enough to protect them." "Aran Thranduil has always been too giving when it comes to the men of the Lake," Gelírwen announced firmly. "He rebuilt that town after Smaug was killed, even though he didn't have to – and then, when the Enemy was burning our forest, sent out some of our warriors to defend them. I don't know what he sees in the Aftercomers." Not for the first time, Elara felt grateful that she always took a spot at the very outside of their circle, in what would otherwise be thought of as a back corner. Most of the time, the discussion topics for the group tended toward general gossip – who was courting whom, who was being sent off to the fences and why – along with general trivial community news. Once in a while, however, the discussion would veer into areas that she found difficult to hear – like this one – and at those times, she wished that simply getting up and walking away was an option for her. After over a year in the Elvenking's hall, Elara had few illusions. While most of the Elves were very kind and considerate of her, she knew that her continued residence within the hall had caused some controversy among some of Thranduil's people. Not long after Elara had been the King's chosen companion at the MidSummer celebration, Míriel had quietly cautioned her that a small but vocal group suspected her of trying to bewitch their King and to be careful in her dealings with those she didn't know well. Part of the reason that Míriel had asked that she be allowed to join this group of seamstresses and broideresses was to both let Elara know more of the community she lived in now and to let others get to know her as well, thinking familiarity might quash some of those ill feelings. And most of the time, Elara didn't regret coming here – she had made at least one new friend with Irieth. But never before had she heard such open rancor toward her people – and she shrank back into her seat as far as she could so that her heritage might not be remembered and brought forward as a discussion topic. "The Men of Esgaroth supply us with fish and grain aplenty, in exchange for the things they ask of us," Anariel, Tarion's wife declared quietly. "My husband spends time each year checking the fences between Eryn Lasgalen and mortal lands, and he finds little to complain about except the constant mortal need to re-examine agreements unnecessarily every few years – but he knows that comes from having to deal with a new set of leaders every few decades or so. If you heard him complaining, it was about that – something which is a matter of lifespan - and not about how the Second-born are trying yet again to out-maneuver the King." Elara could hear the exasperation in the gentle elleth's voice. Tarion, being the King's seneschal, would know more about the situation than nearly anybody else, giving Anariel's words as his wife a weight the others' didn't have. "Besides," she continued, "other than those who come to treat with Aran Thranduil, our people are generally only legends to them. The Second-born have never sensed an age of the elves in the first place, much less realized that such a time is drawing to a close." "Is this true, Elara?" Auriel asked sharply, and the hum of voices fell silent as Elara realized that all of them were probably looking to her for an answer. "Is what true?" she asked carefully, putting down her sewing to concentrate on the question being asked. "What do your people really think of us?" Giluín demanded. "Do you have a sense of coming into an age of dominance over the elves and the land?" "No, of course not," Elara answered honestly. "For the most part, my people are far more concerned with just surviving through to the next year to worry about a people that many of us believe are only tales told to children at bedtime. Anariel's right about that." "But didn't your folk ever wonder where your leaders went when they would come to speak to Aran Thranduil about resetting the borders all the time?" Auriel asked, her voice heavy with skepticism. "I never lived in Esgaroth, so I never knew the men came here," Elara told her with a calm she didn't feel inside. These questions felt almost like challenges – dares for her to contradict what the ellith were saying. "I was born in Dale – to the north. And the settlement I was in just before coming here was just outside the fences, as you call them here. Our menfolk went to Esgaroth for any community business, as we had agreed to function under Esgaroth's auspices. As for me, I was too busy working the garden and taking care of my husband's house to worry about what might live in the forest except that it might threaten Timon." "Is it true your husband cut down trees and then sold the wood to those in the towns?" Gelírwen asked then. "No – that was contrary to the laws of the settlement," Elara stated firmly, a little aghast at such an outrageous claim. "We were told that we had been granted permission by the Lord of the Forest to gather the deadwood from the forest only – and cut only those trees at the very edge of the forest necessary to build our homes." "But didn't they tell you who the Lord of the Forest was ?" Auriel asked scathingly. "No – and we didn't think to ask. It was enough that we had permission to make our lives there and build our homes," Elara's calm façade faltered. Did they truly believe all these lies about her and her people? No wonder they were so distrusting of her! "Excuse me…" She carefully tacked the needle into the material at the place she'd been working and slipped the thimble from her finger. "Irieth…" she called as she rose to her feet, holding the little bit of dried rawhide out. "I'll give it to her," Auriel told her with thinly veiled contempt, and Elara felt the thimble snatched roughly from her grasp. "Go on, little mortal. Run to Aran Thranduil and tell him what a horrid lot of ellith you've been with today." Elara put out a hand and found the wall of the community room as she rose and then followed it to slowly put the cluster of murmuring ellith behind her. In time, she found the door and finally moved out into a wide corridor, pausing to think. She had a vague idea of the direction she needed to go to find the door to her apartment, and a need to get safely behind the closed door again. How long it might take her to get there didn't concern her at the moment – getting away from the hostility of the others did. "Elara, I'm sorry." Irieth's voice sounded behind her, and then a gentle hand guided hers to an elbow. "They can be horrid sometimes, can't they?" "It's not your fault," Elara murmured softly. "I know I'm a burden." Burden or not, she breathed a sigh of relief for receiving guidance from a friend. The Elvenking's halls were confusing and very extensive. She didn't want to get lost again. "You are no burden! Your seams are among the straightest and strongest – and some of our people ask to have you work on their garments – or didn't you know that?" Elara blinked. "Really?" She – or at least her work – was valued? "Really! Those ellith in there are just bitter that you seem to have attracted the eye of the King, when none of them have been able to even get a chance to talk to him lately." Irieth snorted. "You would think they weren't aware that our King is married and has no desires of that kind." "They're jealous of me?" Elara paused in her walking. "Why?" "For a very long time, Aran Thranduil has escorted many of the young, unattached ellith to MidSummer or MidWinter celebrations – to the point that there is a sort of unofficial contest to see which one he will choose each time. When he chose to escort you instead of one of them at MidSummer, there were several disappointed females, as you can imagine." "But I didn't ask to…" "They don't care about that. All they care about is furthering their own positions as desirable mates with some of the warriors who now spend more time in the halls than on the fences – and pointing to time spent in Aran Thranduil's company seems to be something they think helpful in that respect. You have become an obstacle in that pursuit." Irieth sounded as disgusted with the ellith as they had sounded of Elara. "I just hope that what happened in there now doesn't mean that you're going to stop coming to join us?" Elara's shoulders drooped as she moved forward again. "I'm not welcome, Irieth – I know that. It would be better if I did my work in my rooms from now on, as I did before." Irieth grew quiet for a moment as she guided Elara around a sharp corner and down another corridor. "I can't lie and tell you that there aren't some who find your stay here uncomfortable. And I cannot tell you that the amount of time Aran Thranduil spends with you hasn't caused comment and hard feelings among the small-minded. You heard three of the most outspoken among them just now. But those who are unhappy are a small minority. The rest of us see Aran Thranduil smiling a little more often than he has for a long time – and laughing as he talks to you at feasts. We know that you do us good by making our King remember what it is to enjoy life, and so we don't begrudge you your life here." Elara could feel the heat rushing to her scarred cheeks. "Thank you." Irieth's words had taken much of the