Gilraen opened her eyesto a friendly morning sun. She was warm, dry, nestled down in a soft bed and covered with protective blankets. Around her, the room was sparsely yet comfortably furnished, and so very alien in both design and construction. Through an open window, graced on either side with wisps of thin and flowing material that could be pulled to provide privacy without stealing the light, floated ethereal melodies and even more delicate harmonies sung by voices sweeter than any she'd ever heard. Nowhere did she see the rough, bulky utilitarianism that was the mark of well-made Dúnedain craftsmanship, no earthy, human smells that spoke of hard work and tenacity. There were no gruff voices grumbling in the distance, no sounds of wood being chopped for the hearth or iron being beaten into usable forms. No sign remained of the storm that had broken over their heads the night before either. The sunlight through the windows was warm, and the sky visible through the leaves of the trees a brilliant blue. It seemed as if all of the ways in which her world had been overturned, disrupted, and darkened had evaporated while she slept, leaving her in an unnerving calm and quiet. She sat up in bed and marveled at the simple yet delicate sleeping gown she wore; where had it come from and how had she come to wear it? Her long, dark braid over her right shoulder remained intriguingly intact after a night's sleep. Had she been so overwrought and beside herself when she had arrived that she could remember nothing of what had happened the night before? Could she remember nothing of who had handled her, dressed her, braided her hair, tucked her into bed? Then her eyes widened and searched the room about her desperately. Where was Aragorn?! A crib sat against the far wall of the room – an empty crib – with crisp, spotless and smooth covers that had seen no weight put on them. Gilraen surged out of bed and toward the door to the chamber, desperate and almost sobbing. She'd already lost Arathorn; all she had left was Aragorn, her son, her little heart. If he had been taken too, or if this strange place had lured him away from her already… The door to her chamber opened without her having had a chance to lay a finger on the handle. Gilraen backed away in shock, and then stepped forward to jealously claim a smiling and laughing Aragorn from the arms of one of the twin elves who had been her husband's friends and allies. "Nana! Nana! E'dan take me see baby horsies!" the child squealed in glee, his little hands framing her face the way he did when he was excited and wanting her to know something. "That was very nice of Elladan, wasn't it?" she replied, pasting a shaky smile on her face. To have almost lost him, after everything else that had happened… But he could never know how she feared for him; and she could not fail to provide motherly direction, even as she prayed for her heart to stop trying to smash its way through her chest. "Did you tell him thank you?" Aragorn squirmed in her arms to face the elf behind him now, all seriousness. "T'ankoo, E'dan." "It was my pleasure, little one." Gilraen would have gaped at the sound of laughter in the normally grim elven voice but that she had looked up into grey eyes that were dancing with a humor she'd never seen in them before, as well as a slight hint of chagrin. "You have my apologies. I did not mean to frighten you, Gilraen. We… Elrohir and I, that is… thought that you could use an uninterrupted night's sleep after everything, so we kept your son with us through the night. I thought to bring him to his crib for a short nape before you awoke." She nodded her forgiveness, cradling her son closely as she looked into the elf's face. She was still very much in awe of the elven warriors who had been her husband's closest comrades in arms. Elladan, for all his poise, bore her gaze with apparent discomfort and shuffled his feet. "But now that you are awake, perhaps you wouldn't mind if I took charge of him again while you take your time preparing yourself for the day." He smiled down at the little boy in her arms. "I'm thinking Cook might have an extra apple or bowl of berries that could interest a growing boy." Aragorn squealed again and turned to his mother excitedly. "Can I, Nana? P'ease?" The grey, elven eyes gazed evenly and deeply. "He will be safe with me, Gilraen, I promise. I won't let him out of my sight." "Well…" "P'ease, Nana?" Gilraen couldn't resist the shining look in Aragorn's eyes – a look that she'd wondered would ever return during the long, hard days of fast travel to this strange, new place. "Very well, but you must promise me to do exactly as Elladan tells you." "I p'omise, Nana." Aragorn gave his mother a sloppy kiss. "I be good." Gilraen tipped Aragorn back into the elf's waiting arms. "Thank you, Elladan," she murmured softly. "It is my pleasure. Incidentally, my father has requested an opportunity to speak to you sometime today, but he wanted me to tell you that he would wish you to take the time to relax and get something to eat before then." Elladan swung Aragorn up onto a shoulder. "And when you're ready, I'll show you the way to his study." Gilraen stifled a shiver. It was bad enough to be around these warriors, but the thought of an interview with the legendary Elrond of Rivendell gave her pause. Still, it would be by his word that she would either be given refuge in this hidden elven stronghold or returned to her people. Her eyes rested on her son. For him, she would make ready to see a figure out of a near-mythic past, to plead for sanctuary for her son, if for nothing else. "I'll come find you when I'm ready," she told him softly. Elladan bowed, making Aragorn giggle with the movement, and then ducked through the doorway again. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* Two hairpins of mithril – a betrothal gift from her father less than four years earlier – was all it took to hold the still intact braid up and into place on the back of Gilraen's head. Curled around itself and the tail end tucked safely behind the rest, the braid restrained by two pins completed Gilraen's transformation from wide-eyed and frightened young woman to a wide-eyed and wary Dúnadan matron. With a critical eye, she studied her reflection in the polished metal that hung within the small bathing chamber. Her forehead was high, and her nose a little too narrow and upturned to allow her to be proclaimed a great beauty in the Angle. She pinched her cheeks, wanting to at least try to return a little life into a face that had grown wan and pale with grief and fear for the future in the days since Arathorn had been brought home to her wrapped in his cloak. The cool water in the shallow basin in front of her helped diminish some of the puffiness around her eyes, but the ease with which she could fall to weeping again would soon undo all of her careful preparations – she just knew it. Still, she had to try. It wouldn't do to face the judge of her doom looking anything less than her best, such as it was. She found her best wanting now, however, especially in comparison with the delicate luxury that surrounded her; as well as her memory of how even elven armor covered in thick gouts of black orc blood still managed to look rich and refined. She found her meager bundle of clothing carefully unpacked into a carven clothes press against the same wall as stood Aragorn's crib; and from it, she selected the nicest gown she owned: her wedding dress. Ignoring the memories of a life snuffed out far too soon that sought to overwhelm her, she struggled with the laces and finally stuck her head out the door of the suite in humiliation to beg assistance from one of the passing elf women in the hallway. What would it say about her when it became known that she couldn't even successfully dress herself? No matter; at least she was now properly garbed, washed and groomed. All that remained was for her to survive the interview to come and hopefully vouchsafe the safety of her son. What happened to her personally didn't matter in the end. She had come to understand that message very clearly in the short hours of argument and then preparations for the flight to Imladris. Dirhael spared no diplomacy in letting his daughter know that the one that needed the protection was not her, but her little son; after all, on him hung so many hopes. It hurt to be dismissed as unimportant, but she understood the reasoning nevertheless. It was a part of what she'd accepted when she agreed to marry the heir to the Dúnadan. She played her part willingly after the wedding – carried the heir to the heir successfully and birthed him, and then brought the heir to the Dúnadan up through most of his infancy and toddler-hood – but in light of the threat from the Enemy and now the death of her husband, her efforts simply wouldn't be enough. Aragorn – heir of Isildur and Elendil, now Chieftain of the Dúnedain – needed to go to Imladris immediately, where he could be protected until better able to defend himself. Gilraen had gone along mostly as a nursemaid, a convenient but very expendable nursemaid. Gilraen swallowed hard and set aside those harsh memories. There was no more putting off what needed to happen. She exited the bathing chamber and walked to the door of her suite. She opened the door and peered first down the corridor to the left and then to the right, wondering which way led to the Lord Elrond's study. "Lady Gilraen. Good morning." She turned to face one of the twins; and she assumed, seeing that Aragorn was nowhere in sight, that this must be Elrohir. As his brother had been before him, the elf was dressed in rich robes, his dark blue where the other's had been emerald green. The long and silky ebony hair that so marked the two of them as different in a humble village setting filled with tangled and curled locks the color of mud was carefully and delicately braided away from the youthful face. "Lord Elrohir?" she inquired carefully. The tall elf bowed his head gracefully to acknowledge her correct assumption. "Good morning. I understand your father wishes to see me. Could you help me please?" "So he informed us last night," the dark-haired warrior nodded again. "But if you're just now leaving your rooms, surely you'll want to break your fast first." Her stomach tightened. Right now the last thing she wanted to do was eat, for fear that her nervousness would translate into nausea and further humiliation. "If you don't mind, I think I'd rather see Lord Elrond." She looked back and forth again. "Which way do I need to go?" "I'll be happy to show you," Elrohir announced solemnly, offering his arm. "Did you rest well?" Gilraen flushed as she tucked her hand into the crook of his elbow. "Too well, I think. I don't even remember getting into bed." "I'm not surprised. You collapsed walking through the front door," the elf told her gently. "My father made certain that you suffered from nothing more than physical and emotional exhaustion, and then two of his assistant healers readied you for your rest while you still were unconscious." A warm hand covered hers and pinned