"But… I'm not an Elf!" Elara complained as Míriel gently but firmly pushed her down onto the edge of her bed and began running a comb through her hair. "It matters not. This is MidSummer – everyone will be outside. For this one day, we all go outside the hall, to remember what it means to be a part of Arda itself. There will be music, dancing, food – oh, Elara! Just wait until you taste some of the food we make at this time of year!" Míriel chattered on as she braided Elara's hair into a crown. "Now, wait a moment while I bring some flowers…" "But I can't participate," Elara shook her head and spoke just a little louder, knowing that Míriel had stepped out into her little garden. "I'll only get in the way." "No, you won't," the elleth replied, returning to tuck things into the tight braids that felt like small twigs. "Aran Thranduil has asked that you be brought to him when you're ready – and he told me he intended to be your escort for the day!" Elara felt some of the excitement that her friend's chatter had stirred within her dampen. "Surely he has others whom he needs to be more attentive with than a blind mortal! This has to be an important enough occasion that he needs to be with his own…" A light rap sounded on the apartment door, and then Elara heard the sound of the hinges moving to let someone in before she could even call out a welcome. "Míriel? Are you just about ready? We begin the procession shortly – and Randirion won't wait for you forever…" a deep voice announced in a joyous tone. "He can cool his heels, Sire – I won't be that much longer," Míriel giggled, making Elara chuckle as well. Míriel's husband was a rather jolly Elf with an easy manner, an infectious laugh and a deep love for his wife; and Elara had spent several very enjoyable evenings with them over the past few months. Randirion had, of necessity, long since reconciled himself with the fact that his healer-wife often arrived at things a little late. Thranduil must be in a very good mood, Elara decided, to be teasing her so blatantly in front of others. "There. What do you think, Sire?" She pulled Elara to her feet by both hands. "Will this do?" Elara felt the huge hand of the Elvenking claim hers from Míriel. "Very nice, Míriel. The rosebuds were a good choice." He leaned down into Elara's ear. "She has you looking very pretty today, Lady – very much in the spirit of the holiday." He straightened again. "Run along, my dear – when last I saw him, your husband looked ready to begin the dance by himself." Míriel's diminishing giggle told her that the healer had followed his suggestion. "I'm not even certain I understand the celebration, Sire, to know what kind of 'spirit' I should be in," Elara shook her head as her hand was guided to its familiar spot on a high arm. "And I'm quite convinced that you should have others to occupy your attention on what is evidently an important event, and not me." "Nonsense." Thranduil covered her fingers resting on his arm with his other hand to gently yet firmly pin them in place. "Last year, at this time, you were still fighting for your life. This year, you are fully healed and beginning to bloom again. Let that thought guide your spirit. And as for the best use of my time, I can think of nothing I'd rather be doing than showing a good friend the way we celebrate MidSummer." Again she felt him bend to her a bit even as he began to lead her onward. "I even think today that I could convince you to dance." "Me?" Elara laughed aloud at the very idea. "I'd trip all over my own feet – not to mention trip you !" Thranduil's full laugh was one that never failed to raise Elara's spirits. "You might be surprised," was all he would say before Elara knew that she'd entered the Great Hall. The sounds of many collected Elves speaking softly all around her and then hushing as she moved through them on the arm of the King sobered her immediately, making her far more self-conscious than she'd ever been. It was one thing to be the invited guest of the King, sharing his table during a meal or keeping him company during an evening's entertainment. It was quite another to be at his side as he officiated over an Age-old celebration. "Let the horns sound!" Thranduil called out in a loud voice, obviously reciting ritual words. "We go to take our proper place in the forest!" The hair on the back of Elara's neck rose at the sound of horns sounding beyond the Great Hall, and then Thranduil had her moving once more. This time, however, she felt sure that the King led his people forward as well as leading her. She was standing in the place of an elven queen, not a wood-gatherer's daughter. "Sire!" "Lady?" His voice sounded soft and almost carefree. "I really don't belong here," she whispered at him urgently. "Perhaps I could ask Tarion for his other arm so that you…" "I'm not turning you over to my seneschal," the deep voice was bent once more into her ear. "Our tradition is that we each choose someone with whom to share our MidSummer celebration. If one is married, one naturally shares it with their spouse and any children. If not, then one chooses a friend. It is a question of simple companionship on a day meant to be enjoyed with others – nothing more and nothing less." "But you are the King…" Elara began. "So I've been told by some…" Thranduil chuckled back at her. "Be serious!" "Absolutely not!" he exclaimed. "Today, all matters of state are set aside – all worries left behind in the Great Hall. Today is a day to enjoy in the blessings the One has given us, and to do so in the company of those in whom we find friendship or the bonds of love and family. Today, while I may wear the crown of the King, I become just another wood-elf in the forest of my people. And today, I celebrate MidSummer with a good friend. Relax and enjoy the day, Elara." "I'm no Elf," she reminded him primly. "No, perhaps not…" he drawled, "but you can be taught to be a part of us nevertheless – and this celebration will go a long way toward that goal." Elara could feel the warmth of the sun on her face as she was led from the shelter of the Elvenking's hall, and hear the sound of running water not far away. The grass was even beneath her slipper-clad feet, and each step sank into its rich softness. Behind her somewhere in the line of Elves, someone began a paean to Arda itself – one that Elara hadn't heard before – and even Thranduil took up the melody in a rich bass as they walked. She'd never heard the Elvenking sing before, and she felt utterly entranced and delighted. The words he sang she couldn't understand, but she quickly found her mind walking through sun-dappled forests filled with birds and deer that gazed at her unafraid. "We're here," the deep voice announced into her ear as she felt him stop and then turn slightly to those behind them. "The trees welcome us, and the bounty of Arda beckons us! Let us feast and make merry – and give thanks for the blessings we have received!" Thranduil loosed Elara's hand but didn't move from her side, and she felt the arm she had been clinging to suddenly raise high above her head. "Bring forth the fruit of the vine and the tree and the bush and the land!" "Here," he whispered to her as her hand was guided to take hold of a tiny goblet of delicate glass. "A toast, Lady, to warm days and good friends." "True blessings in this life," Elara agreed and then felt another goblet gently touch her own. The wine within was like nothing she'd ever had before – it burst on her tongue like another facet of the summer sun. "What is this?" she asked after a second, equally impressive sip. "An apple and apricot wine from my own orchards to the south," Thranduil told her. His large hand took hold of her elbow and led her off from the larger group of Elves which, from the sounds of the many conversations going on around her, was breaking off into smaller parties. "Here is a seat for you." He retrieved her goblet and guided her to where a large stump made for a comfortable bench, whereupon he returned her drink to her and parked himself on the other side of the stump. "The wine is made especially for this celebration and served at no other time." Elara took another sip and then put her head up and smelled the air. The scent of newly-baked bread with an enticing herbal overtone made her mouth water. "Míriel said that the food would be good – and the smells tell me she was right," she commented, then turning her head to sniff in another direction. "Please tell me where we are – what does it look like here?" "We are in a meadow in the middle of a circle of trees," came the reply. "The sky above us is a deep blue. Anor has already traveled far past overhead and begins to close on the western treetops." "What is everyone else doing?" Thranduil chuckled. "They are doing pretty much what you and I are doing now. Some have brought blankets and are sitting in the sunshine. Musicians are setting up their instruments near the center of the meadow – and we will have dancing after our meal and once the stars have come out. Others have wandered off into the trees to enjoy a more private – even intimate – exchange with their chosen companions." His voice lowered and shimmered with repressed laughter. "Did I ever tell you that in Ages past, many Elflings were born on MidSummer – making this, for many, an even more important occasion? It could be we may return to that custom next year…" "Really!" Elara blushed, remembering Míriel telling her about how Elflings were generally born a year to the day after they were conceived and realizing what Thranduil alluded to in his dry way. She blushed even deeper as she heard him chuckle again at the reaction he'd received. Determined to change the subject, she turned her head and located the sun from the warmth on her cheek. "You say we are in a circle of trees. What kind of trees?" "Oak," the King replied, serious once more. "Very old ones, as a matter of fact. These are trees that have celebrated MidSummer with us for a very long time – and their ancestors and their ancestors' ancestors shared them with us before them. They were scorched in the fires, but have recovered well this past year. It is good to see so much green again in the world." He was quiet for a moment, and then: "Have you finished the cordial yet?" Elara took the last, delicate sip of her MidSummer wine and held out the goblet. "It was very good," she told him. "It tastes like summer itself." "I'm glad you enjoyed it." The goblet was removed from her grasp, and then Thranduil stood again. "Come with me." Elara pushed herself carefully to her feet and put out a hand. "Where are we going now?" "I want to introduce you to the trees," the King replied gently, allowing her to find her balance and then weaving his fingers among hers. "It is time