Chapter 1 – Actionsand Reactions Ivoreth groaned as her Ada carefully set her back on the ground, and she clung to his hands for the long moment it took to make certain she wasn't going to collapse in a heap like she had the first two days. Morrod, the huge, black war stallion who had carried her all day for the last four days, turned his face around as he had every evening upon halting to snuffle into the girl's hair and lip her ear until Ivoreth finally felt stable enough to turn and give his forehead a scratch. "I love you too," she told the proud mount, "I just wish riding you didn't make me ache." "The more often you ride, the more you'll get used to it, daughter," Ada told her as he pulled out the small, silver flask of tonic that he'd given her at the end of each day's ride so far. The liquid inside tasted like sun-ripened fruit, and Ivoreth savored the small sip she was allowed. Then, as he had every time they stopped either to rest or camp for the evening, he held both her hands and led her in a small circle until her legs could work without a stiff jerk. He had been distressed when, at the end of the first day's ride, Ivoreth had been completely unable to stand. She remembered that he'd told her that she'd be uncomfortable, but for her entire lower body to be numb surprised her and, she was sure, frightened her Ada. The end of each day since was a little better, but Ivoreth was genuinely looking forward to a time when she wouldn't have to think about climbing on a horse's back again. "I can do it now, Ada," Ivoreth told him and took a few careful and painful steps away from his hold to demonstrate that she was once more able to move on her own. Ada nodded and turned back to his mount, untying and handing down to her the various clothing and foodstuffs bundles that needed to be removed before the saddles could come away. He loosened the straps from the warhorse's belly and lifted first the child's seat away from the larger saddle and then cleared Morrod's back completely, draping the saddles over a fallen log nearby. As Ada cared for Morrod, Ivoreth carried the bundles over to where the Lórien Elves were already establishing a circle of stones within which they would build the evening's cooking fire. In the four days she had been on the road with the Elves, it had become her task every evening to set up the sleeping blankets for her family; with hers closest to the fire, then Raini and then Celebriel – with Ada's blankets at one end and Elrohir's at the other to surround them. The bending and stretching involved in laying out the blankets properly helped get her muscles used to moving again, and she sighed as she straightened when the task was once more finished for the evening. She could hear Elrohir playing with Raini, as he usually did at the end of the long day's ride, to get her ready to spend time on her feet. She looked away with a sigh of remorse whispering through her lips before the dark-haired Elf could see her staring at him and turn away from her again. She didn't blame him for his treatment – after all, he had yet to forgive her for stealing from him and his punishment of choice was a painful silence except for rare and curtly voiced orders to do something. He hadn't believed her to be so crippled at the end of the first day's ride, and his remarks – when Ada was nowhere close by – had been as sharp and painful as the reawakening muscles themselves. But the number of ways she knew to do things for him to try to win back his favor was running low, and the continued distance between the two of them distressed her greatly. Every cold glance, every turned shoulder in her direction was as if Ada himself were chastising her, and she was beginning to avoid Elrohir herself first now. If she stayed far away from him, his avoidance didn't hurt quite so much. " Hiril nîn ," a soft, Elven voice broke through her reverie. Ivoreth turned to find Belegorn, the captain of the Lórien warriors, holding out a pair of buckets. "Be careful, nethben , as the current of the river here is very fast and strong." Ivoreth nodded and walked toward the Anduin to fetch water for the evening meal and perhaps a quick wash before bedtime. This, too, was becoming routine. The Elves were efficient at setting up and breaking down their camp, and everyone but Raini had their accepted duties to fulfill to make the process run smoothly. Already Pilimor and Perdon stood at the edges of the river, poised to spear the evening's fare. Ivoreth chose a spot several paces away to dip first one bucket and then the other into a small eddy that had formed between two large rocks, knowing enough by now to not want to startle any of the potential targets of the fisher-elves. The place they had chosen to stop this evening was pretty, but then, everyplace they stopped to camp in or paused to rest the horses or even just passed through along the way was breathtaking to her. Nothing looked as solid or cold as the stone streets and buildings of Minas Tirith; a fresh green stretched as far as the eye could see, which Ada had told her came only in the Springtime, when all of Nature was newly awakened and growing. She looked over the green grass to the trees beyond and the purple-black shadow that Ada said were the Misty Mountains that they would eventually have to cross. Such sights she'd never dreamed of seeing only a few months earlier, when her entire world consisted of the interior of a large, stone cistern and the back alleys of the lowest Circle of the City. What was more, the Elves themselves were starting to confuse her. One moment they'd be riding without hesitation or comment through or past a view that she found so beautiful that she could almost forget to breathe, and the next they'd be singing what sounded like hymns in soft harmonies that brought visions of green grass, dancing stars, and tall trees into the back of her mind. The most astonishing thing she discovered on this trip, however, was that Elves glowed – especially on cloudless nights. Even Ada glowed. For the first time, Ivoreth understood that she was living with people very different from her – and felt more than a little alone in a crowd. The music of the river was soothing, and Ivoreth put the full buckets down carefully on the riverbank and then splashed cool water up into her face to wash away the dust from the day's travel. She rose and took up the buckets again and carried them back to the fire circle and Belegorn. Her gaze roamed the camp to find her Ada still grooming Morrod, although Celebriel had joined him and now the two of them were caught up in an animated conversation that included some laughter. Now that Ada was around all the time, she was beginning to notice that Celebriel's smile came just a little quicker for him than for anyone else – and that Ada himself seemed of lighter heart when she was near. The fondness between the two made her inclusion in their group that much more secure. It was one of Ivoreth's greatest regrets, however, that not all in the family was put to rights as yet. Once more, Ivoreth's gaze obsessively sought out Elrohir. So much of her new life was good and beautiful now that she was free of Minas Tirith and all the memories that belonged there; and yet, his continued distance and disapproval of her ached desperately. He was alone now, grooming his own mount – Raini was wandering over to where Ada and Celebriel were talking – and if she wanted to speak to him without being overheard, now would be the time. Do I dare? What if he refuses to talk to me again? How can he know how sorry I am if he never speaks to me again? Elrohir's war stallion was as black and huge as Morrod, and Ivoreth knew it took him just as long to groom the beast as it took Ada to care for his own mount. And now that Raini had caught Ada's attention and would not need his vigilance, Elrohir had turned his full concentration on brushing the black war stallion until he shone. Ivoreth took a deep breath to gather her courage and walked toward her Ada's brother. She stopped when she was close enough that she knew he was aware of her presence, and she watched him work for a long moment. "Is there anything I can do for you, Elrohir?" she asked finally, when no other ideas for beginning a conversation would come to her. "No, thank you," was the brusque reply, with Elrohir not even glancing in her direction. The rebuff wasn't unexpected, but it still stung. "Can I ask you…" "I'm busy, Ivoreth," he interrupted her. "I'm certain Belegorn could use your help getting the meal around; I suggest you speak to him and let me finish my work." Normally, this kind of response was enough to push her into walking away while struggling to control her sadness. This time, desperation demanded she try one more time. "Are you going to be mad at me forever?" The motion of running the brush over the stallion's flanks hesitated slightly before continuing. "I don't know," he replied coldly. "I haven't decided yet." "I don't want you to be mad at me anymore." It came out only barely louder than a whisper. "What you want matters little at this point." Finally Elrohir turned to her, and Ivoreth bore with the cold and angry expression out of gratitude that it was more than a simple dismissal. "You betrayed my trust – that isn't something that can be just set aside because it's inconvenient, Ivoreth. Trust is all any of us has in the other, and it is a fragile thing that can easily be shattered by simplest words or deeds. Once gone, it is difficult at best to build again, if not often impossible." The tears she'd been working so hard to control escaped. "I'm so sorry. I will never do anything like that again, Elrohir, I swear it. Please…" He shook his head at her, and it was as if Ada himself denied her yet again. "Crying about it isn't going to aid your cause either. This is the consequence of your actions, and you'll have to learn to live with it. My trust was given to you freely once, and you broke it without a single thought. I'm not going to just give it to you again; you'll have to earn it this time." "What must I do, then?" she begged, stepping closer to the Elf who was so much like her Ada she sometimes wondered which one she was looking at – until lately, that is. Now she could distinguish them easily; Ada smiled at her and Elrohir ignored or scowled at her. The resemblance between the two still confused her emotionally, however, and the rebuffs from Elrohir echoed within as if Elladan himself was pushing her away. "Tell me what to do!" "You will have to prove to me that you deserve to be forgiven, and the only way you can do that is to be honest and truthful with others; and not just for the next few days, but from now on until the end of your days. I will have to know just from watching