She is not here. That inescapable fact tore at Glorfindel viciously, even as he continued down the ramp and desperately scanned the happy faces at the dock. It had been more than an Age; surely Lírinyellë would have been released from the Halls of Mandos before this! It seemed impossible to think that not only was the most beautiful woman of all of Gondolin still sheltering in the dark halls, but his sons and daughter… Glorfindel blinked. Then again, if his sons and daughter had been released, there was a good chance he wouldn't recognize them. They had been so very young when Gondolin fell and they had perished, with Fëacalo less than a year old… What if… He sighed as he cast his gaze with even more concentration among the crowd at the dock, searching for any eyes that would catch at his. Elven memory would surely keep his face in the minds of his older children; they would recognize him , even if the reverse weren't the case. But no matter how hard he stared, there wasn't a single person whose gaze seemed to lock with his. He had returned home, only to be alone. He had done as the Belain had asked, and they had given him nothing in return. Even Celeborn, who had stood alone in the bow of the ship, stone-faced and grieving the entire journey because he still left so much of his heart on those receding shores, had found some solace in the embrace of his wife. Galadriel, as stunningly beautiful as ever, had dashed forward almost the moment the ship had nudged the dock for the first time to gather her prodigal mate close before he had even stepped foot onto the Undying Lands. Elrond and Celebrían were there for their sons, and for Celebriel, their daughter by marriage. The quintet now stood in a tight huddle just a few steps from the boarding ramp, murmuring softly to each other. From a distance, Elrond looked so young and rested; so different from the exhausted, grief-worn Lord of Imladris that had ridden away on that morning over almost two ennin ago. And Celebrían looked every inch a mischievous, regal, radiant wife, ready to once more take charge of two imps of twin sons who were, in turn, the ones who looked exhausted and worn with cares. The family of the Peredhil was together again to the extent that it could be, with Arwen long passed beyond the circles of the world. But there was evidently no welcome for him from his former life, not even his parents. No one waited for Glorfindel of Gondolin, the head of the House of the Golden Flower and slayer of balrogs. Neither had anyone come for Laurefindil of Tirion, a lesser son of the Minyar ambassador to the House of Nolofinwë, who had followed his father and the Noldorin lord into the horror that had been that endless trek across the lethal ice and then remained to watch over Turgon and his line past death into rebirth. No one, that was, until he again glanced over at the hearty reunion that was that of his charges with their parents, and saw coming towards him a face that was both familiar and astonishingly strange in the changes that had been wrought in it. "Welcome home, you manic Vanya!" Erestor's smile was wide and warm, and Glorfindel blinked to find himself gathered close by one whose very nature had always been remote and reserved. Still, it was a welcome, and it was his. Slowly Glorfindel felt his heart thaw a little so that he could return the embrace. "It is good to see you, old friend," he said finally, when he could work past emotions that he didn't really want to examine at the moment. "And yet… Let me look at you." He set Erestor away from him by an arm's length and stared. "Where is the dour and stuffy Chief Counselor I have known for the better part of the last Age?" "Oh, he still exists," Erestor replied, his eyes glinting in sly humor, "but he has had good reason to remember his sense of humor more often of late." Turning slightly, he reached out to a positively tiny woman and pulled her close. "Allow me to introduce my wife, Sedilwen. This is Glorfindel of Imladris, meleth , the bane of my existence and one of my dearest friends." One of my dearest friends . Amazingly, five words restored some of the warmth of life to him, and Glorfindel put on the most radiant smile he could muster as he reached out for the dainty woman's hand and bowed over it. "You have my condolences, Lady, for you have chosen a most difficult beast to tame." He winked at her to take any offense from his words, and a gaze that had sharpened in surprise and consternation now softened into good humor. "Oh, I have heard tales of you, my lord," Sedilwen replied with a tick of the head towards her husband. "Nevertheless, I am grateful that Erestor had you to help keep him in line all those years." She quickly smiled impishly up at her husband, whose brows had already fallen a notch. "I refuse to allow him to corrupt you," he grumbled, with only the sparkle in his eyes giving lie to his words. "But perhaps we are preventing you from finding your…" "No, you are not." The reality of the situation was like a dash of ice water, driving the smile from Glorfindel's face. "It seems you and your lovely lady – of whom you told me nothing for all those years, shame on you! – are the sum of my welcome." "Only until Elrond notices that you…" Erestor began. "Atar…" The soft word and the tap on the shoulder made him turn slowly. Facing him was a tall man dressed in the whites and golds of the House of the Golden Flower and wearing a circlet that indicated his leadership role in that House. Golden hair, so obviously inherited from him, fell long over his shoulders, and grey eyes that came from his mother gazed at him with not quite animosity. Behind him stood another young man, alike enough to the first to almost be a twin, equally recognizable as his own, and equally ambivalent in expression. Finally, next to her brother stood one who could only be his own Calimanárë, the living echo of his beautiful Lírinyellë except for wearing his own burnished gold hair rather than Lírinyellë's pale hue. Glorfindel's astonished gaze returned to the man who had called to him. "You are…" he began, very uncertain of himself and stumbling to reply in Quenya instead of Sindarin. "I am Laurëtarmo," was the reply, accompanied by a formal bow. My eldest son. Glorfindel's heart skipped a beat when he remembered an excited lad that had only just begun to learn to wield a wooden sword in the last days of Gondolin and compared that memory to the proud and stiff man who stood before him. "That is Fëacalo." His younger son gave him another shallow bow, nothing like the babe in arms in his memory. My children. Someone did come after all! Glorfindel's eyes filled with tears. "You have…" he started, then swallowed hard. "You have all grown up so well." "We have missed you," his daughter said in the soft and musical tones of Gondolin that he hadn't heard in so long, tones that rang with regret and accusation. "You have been long removed from us." Neither of his sons nor his daughter had made a single move to embrace him, however. This was a greeting, and not a welcome, Glorfindel realized and felt a chill run down the back of his collar. "And your mother?" he asked, wary of the answer. "Is she here?" "She is in Lórien," Fëacalo answered for them all. "When she heard that you had not remained behind to wait for her here, that the Valar had demanded you leave us behind to return to the marred lands, her heart was broken. And even though Lord Turucáno has built a new city for us, and all of us have rejoined him there, she remains in Lórien, determined to wait there until you come to reclaim her." Glorfindel gaped. "King Turucáno has built…" "Ah yes. One of the more interesting developments of the last Age here," Erestor supplied from behind him. "They call it Artalindalë, and I believe they have styled it after the original plans of Gondolin. Many who dwelled in Gondolin originally have gravitated there in the ennin since its completion." Leave it to Erestor, the loremaster, to know these things. "I have been waiting for many ennin to return authority of our House to you, my father," Laurëtarmo said formally, reaching up to remove his circlet. "To restore to you all that you lost so long ago, and what the Valar had no right to deny you when you were released…" "Wait." Glorfindel held up a restraining hand. "It is too soon for this, my son. Until I have had a chance to get my bearings in this new-old land, I am quite content to leave you in charge of our House." "But…" Calimanárë's face folded into worry. "You are coming home to Artalindalë with us, are you not, Atar? Our House has been making plans for your welcome home feast since we heard of your return." Glorfindel's gaze flicked guiltily toward Elrond and his family, and then lit on the face of his old friend. "I should…" "I can tell them," Erestor offered with a nod of understanding. "And I can tell you from experience that they will be glad to know that you are reunited with your kin at last." He tightened his arm about the shoulders of his diminutive wife. "Besides, your presence in Artalindalë will give us all an opportunity to visit," Sedilwen remarked with an impudent grin, "and you know that both Elrond and Erestor will desire the grand tour and for you to tell them all about the differences between this new place and the Gondolin you remember." After another guilty and almost wistful glance in the direction of the Peredhil family, which he had adopted as his own for centuries, Glorfindel finally nodded agreement. "It will be good to have you visit," he told Erestor with heartfelt sincerity, "if only to disabuse you both of all of the errors in your beliefs about Gondolin that I have had to endure for so long." Erestor's snort, along with Sedilwen's cough that covered a quick laugh, was almost enough to make Glorfindel rescind his decision. The three young people who stood so woodenly before him and claimed him as father were strangers to him, whereas Erestor had been like an older, pesky brother. The ties of family had somehow gotten very skewed in his mind, he realized, to have him wishing to remain with Elladan and Elrohir and Erestor and Celebrían, rather than go home with his own long-lost children. "Come to visit soon, my friend," he added in a soft voice. "I have a feeling I will be in need of a familiar face and wit in the days to come." Erestor quickly drew him aside, turning him so that both of their backs were to the others. "Listen to me: I am not blind to what is going on here," the former librarian whispered urgently. "Something is very amiss, and it is something that has been known to happen with many of us who waited until the very last to sail. Do not hesitate to call upon me – or even Elrond – if you have need of us. We may not have the ties of blood to bind us, but we are all family nonetheless." Glorfindel was taken aback by the sincerity and almost protectiveness with which Erestor spoke. "I have missed you more than I