The harp music was, as usual, exquisite. Elara smiled as she reached out to the little table just to her right – between her seat and that of King Thranduil – for the last of the goblet of wine she'd been nursing that evening, kept where she could find it without too much fumbling. She never had more than one goblet in an evening, and always made it last. Knowing this, the King always made certain a small table near her seat at the entertainment was made available for her use. After two years, she was finally beginning to get accustomed to having wine with her evening meals, especially during those times when the King would ask for her company at his table and afterward, in his Great Hall for whatever entertainment was prepared. Thranduil assured her that the Dorwinion served to her was the best Middle Earth had to offer – and Elara had no doubt that the wine, just as the music and so much else in his hall, certainly was of the best quality available. Except for the fact that she now lived in the endless darkness of blindness, her life as a whole had definitely improved in quality since she'd been brought, more dead than alive, into the Elvenking's hall. She now lived in a comfortable suite of rooms of her own; and she enjoyed an occupation of sorts that kept her busy over the course of a day, friends and work colleagues with whom to spend the day and sometimes the evening, and a royal patron who made it his personal business to see to her welfare on a regular basis. No longer only called forth to participate in feasts for festivals or to honor the occasional guest to the realm, she now dined with King Thranduil at regular evening mealtimes as well. A foiled attempt to remove her from Mirkwood had infuriated the King and caused him to take action – the most obvious of which was moving her apartments to the royal wing, where her safety could be guarded as closely as was his own. Since her recovery from the injuries stemming from the assault, he made certain she was escorted to evening meals every night; and from time to time – often without obvious reason – made a public point of personally escorting her to a place at the high table and then later to a seat at his side in the Great Hall to enjoy the evening's entertainment. This evening had been one of those random evenings at the King's table - the meal a congenial one shared with Thranduil, his seneschal, Tarion, and his wife and Míriel and her husband. It wasn't the first time Elara had found herself in such a grouping, although she sometimes wondered at her inclusion. Invariably she found herself doing far more listening than speaking – which was fine with her – although the Elvenking usually managed to draw her out and into the discussion at least once an evening. Tonight, however, the King seemed content to let the conversation of the others flow during the meal without participating much himself, and even now had let the music to have its gentle way with her without interruption. As the evening wore on, the others left to join the rest of the household in taking part in the dancing over an hour earlier, leaving the two of them sitting alone at the edges of the gathering. She could hear the occasional whisper of a slipper against the smooth floor in front of her, and the part of her mind not enchanted with the music sometimes painted provocative pictures of what the dancing might look like, based in part on her recollections of what dancing in the forest with Thranduil for the past two MidSummer celebrations had felt like. Elara was surprised out of her reverie when her right hand was suddenly captured by the King's the moment she had carefully replaced her nearly empty goblet in its spot on the nearby small table. "I haven't been a very good host this evening," Thranduil's deep voice announced in a tone of contrition. "I have indulged myself in preoccupation and ignored you. My apologies." She turned her fingers in his and squeezed gently. "There is nothing to forgive, Sire. The food was excellent, the discussion around the table during the meal interesting, and the music is always relaxing." She smiled in his general direction. "I am quite content. Besides, it isn't your job to keep me entertained." "Hmm." There was a long pause in which Elara could only wonder at what was going through the mind of the volatile Elvenking – especially since he retained hold on her hand. When Thranduil grew silent, his thoughts could take him in many unexpected directions that could catch her completely by surprise when and if he finally decided to share them with her. Tonight he shared, but his tone sounded guarded. "You should be aware that we will be receiving visitors tomorrow – the Lord and Lady of Lothlorien. The Lady will be taking ship across the sea from the Havens, and would farewell some of her more distant kin along the way. There will be a feast tomorrow in her honor – I would have you sit at the High Table again." "As you wish," Elara nodded. She'd heard enough about some of the other Elven realms in her time in Thranduil's hall to know of the reputation of the Lady of Light. The thought of actually sitting at the table with such an illustrious personage was a little daunting; but if Thranduil wanted her at the high table, she'd be there – no doubt intimidated into awkward silence, but there. She also knew, however, that even the remotest touch on the topic of Elves leaving Arda tended to send the King into a tailspin of moods for days – from dark and brooding to unpredictable, explosive anger. This visit would be more than a remote touch – and the resulting mood would no doubt be equally intense. "You're also warning me, I take it, to steer clear of you until you are more yourself again after they leave?" There was a moment's pause, and then a sigh. "Actually, I'm afraid I'm hoping that you'll do just the opposite." Now he had her thoroughly confused. Of late, Thranduil had been very conscientiously keeping her safe from his temper after the attempt to remove her from his hall resulted in her being in much closer proximity. "Sire?" she asked, frowning slightly. "Elara…" The deep voice sounded vaguely uncertain, something that Elara rarely heard from her proud and capable host. She squeezed his hand in hers again and leaned in his direction. "What's wrong?" Elara felt the Elvenking suddenly surge to his feet, his hand pulling her with him. "Come walk with me." Without waiting for her assent, he tucked her hand into the bend of his elbow and, with his normal care, helped her down from the slightly raised platform on which they'd been seated before heading off full speed away from the music. She could feel the barely restrained tension through his velvet sleeve and did her best to trust that her feet wouldn't tangle in his robes as he pulled her along. The music from the Great Hall faded into the distance, and then the feel of fresh air and a small breeze told her that he'd brought her outside – with the heady scent of rare autumn flowers announcing her entrance into his private garden that lay just beyond the royal residence itself. This was his private refuge, into which he'd brought her only once before, not quite two years before. Something had to be very wrong for him to bring her here again. "Thranduil?" She deliberately pulled back now, slowing him. "Talk to me. You're starting to frighten me." Immediately he stopped moving, and she bumped into his side awkwardly, only to be caught by a steadying arm before she could unbalance or fall. In a single, unbroken movement, that same arm swept her close and up into a tight embrace. "Forgive me," he rumbled over the top of her head. "I fear I'm not exactly myself at the moment. I didn't mean to cause you alarm." Elara stiffened for a moment, and then relaxed against him. This was Thranduil, she reminded herself – one of a very few in her world nowadays that she trusted implicitly to mean her no harm. "Tell me what's wrong," she urged when he showed no signs of letting go of her. He was silent for a very long moment, as if mustering what it would take to answer her. "It's beginning," he finally whispered in the most broken tone she'd ever heard from him. "I'm losing them, Elara – it is the beginning of the end – and nothing I can do will stop it or even slow it. I thought I was ready, but…" Slowly her arms went about him, her cheek pressed against his robe. As always, the King smelled of green woods and sweet, new-cut grass, scents she had come to associate with safety and security. His embrace was unexpectedly needy, however, and her concern increased. Usually he comforted her – to be the one he approached for comfort and then clung to worried her. "What do you mean, you're losing them? Who are 'they'?" He took a long sigh and rested his cheek against her hair. "When the Lady Galadriel continues on toward Imladris after her visit here, she will take a goodly number of my people with her to the Havens and beyond." "Oh." Míriel, in one of their long discussions, had explained to her in detail about the history and the many reasons behind the elves leaving Middle-earth. Elara knew of the pending loss of Thranduil's son to the Undying Lands, but the concept of a departure on a massive scale from Eryn Lasgalen staggered her imagination past all acceptance. Now, suddenly, the idea was brought home and made reality – the unbelievable was happening. The embrace loosened at last, but Thranduil still kept a possessive arm about her. "Come, there's a bench over here where we can sit and talk," he said, again pulling to guide her along – and then guide her to a seat. He sat down with her on the short bench, of necessity sitting quite close. "The long war was hard on all of the Eldar," he sighed. "Many of my people died and will eventually be re-housed to wait in Aman until their loved ones come to join them. And with the greatest of us already taking to the ships, for many here there's little to hold onto to keep them in Arda anymore." "Míriel tried to explain it to me once, but I still don't understand. Are your people not loyal to you? Is not the honor of serving their King enough to keep them here?" She was almost incensed at the idea of Eryn Lasgalen being abandoned by any of her people. "I declared long ago that I would never cross the sea," Thranduil told her quietly. "I was born here in Ennor , I have nurtured and cherished the land even in its darkest hour – I am a part it. I have sworn oaths; I cannot leave. And so, if the foretelling is to be believed, I will eventually fade – along with any who remain behind with me. I would not be so selfish as to condemn all of my people to my fate." "But… what about Lalaith – and Legolas?" Elara asked very cautiously and quietly, knowing full well she was treading on extremely sensitive ground. "Both of them will be in Aman soon – would you not go to be with them then, when the time comes for all Elves to leave?" "I cannot leave," Thranduil's voice shimmered with grief and