Chapter 1 - Hitting Bottom Marisol drew her jacket close about her and shuddered as she crouched in the shelter of the storefront overhang. California was supposed to be warm and sunny, not grey and drizzly and freezing without a sign of ice or snow. It wasn't supposed to be so hard to get a job here either. The land of milk and honey had proven anything but; it seemed a hard-hearted place where failure became a way of life all too easily, and the situation only worsened the closer it got to the holidays. She cast her gaze about her into the surrounding dark yet again to see if Crazy Larry was anywhere nearby. Tall, with long, stringy, filthy hair, sallow skin and a light of real insanity glowing behind his dark eyes, Crazy Larry frightened her more than anyone else ever had, especially after awakening late one night to find him pawing to get at her through her blanket. Only her screams and the growing murmur of disapproval from the others sheltering under the freeway overpass that night had driven him off that time - but it soon became obvious he'd decided to wait for another opportunity instead of giving up entirely. He smacked his lips every time he caught sight of her now, as if to remind her that he was hungry for her in ways she didn't even want to imagine; and the menace in his gape-toothed smile brought the hackles up on the back of her neck even in broad daylight. If her nightmares had a consistent villain of late, it would bear the name of Crazy Larry; and the very last thing she would want would be to encounter him again alone in the night. "Miss? You need to move along now." Marisol flinched hard in surprise, and then relaxed slightly when her nightmarish villain turned out to be someone far less threatening. The security officer that patrolled the shopping plaza had a kind voice, but she knew he had his job to do. No one was allowed to shelter in any of the covered doorways of this open-air mall after hours - no one. It didn't matter that the place was locked up tight, without a single pedestrian to beg for quarters. She knew this, but had been hoping against hope... "Where can I go?" Marisol asked plaintively. "It's pouring." The officer, whose rain pancho covered up any nametag, shook his head. "There's always the shelter, down on Fremont..." Marisol shook her head vehemently. Everyone knew that the shelter was no safer than the overpass underpinnings. She'd had her baggage stolen there - and been beaten twice by others who had thought she might have drugs on her. There was no way she'd go back there. "That place is dangerous," she replied, her teeth chattering. "Can't you just look the other way - just for tonight? It's freezing, for pity's sake!" "Sorry, miss." The cop sounded sympathetic, he really did. "I can't afford to lose my job." He extended his hand. "You'll have to find somewhere else." Marisol sighed and let the officer pull her to her feet. "There is nowhere else," she stated flatly. "Sorry, miss. Move along now." With a hand at her elbow, the officer escorted her to the corner stoplight and then stood and watched to make certain she crossed the street and kept on going. There was only one other place she could think of to try to sit out the storm with any chance of getting completely out of the rain. An old, WPA-vintage bridge just outside the city limits spanned the creek that finally found an outlet into the ocean beyond; and the tiny ledge formed by the cement foundation beneath it could be accessed in good weather from the north bank. Few stayed there now after a recent deluge had undercut much of the vegetation that had supported the path, and the rain tonight no doubt would make things slippery and dangerous for anyone trying to seek shelter there. Marisol shuffled down the street, wishing that the edge of town had more streetlamps. Light - even just a pool of cool neon - made her feel safe; and right now, in the dark and the cold rain, her mind was running wild with all the misshapen shadows that swayed and moved in the malicious storm wind. She didn't know what made her turn around and look back toward the last streetlamp she'd passed, but she felt her heart start pounding in her chest when she saw a tall and looming figure scuttling along purposefully behind her. At her present speed, it wouldn't take him long to catch up to her. It had to be Crazy Larry - he'd seen her and followed her here, and now she was all alone where nobody would hear her scream... Marisol cast her eyes about her desperately, searching for the slightest indication of a place into which she could dart and hide from a determined lunatic. All that she could see were the tall brambles and bushes that lined the immediate vicinity of the creek. Certain she had no other choice, she ducked her head and dove for the cover of the vegetation, mindless of the way the brambles caught at and tore at her jacket. But she had not reckoned on being quite so close to the creek already. The ground beneath her feet suddenly gave way, and she was on her backside slipping uncontrollably toward the fast-running water. She let out an involuntary shriek as she tumbled over the reinforced embankment edge and into the icy water. It wasn't deep, but she was now soaked to the skin. Moreover, the rocks that lined the normally sleepy channel hosted a healthy growth of algae that made regaining a solid foothold so she could get back to her feet difficult. There was a crash through the underbrush on the bank that told her that her pursuer was still on her trail and getting closer, and she took a hesitant step. Once more her legs flew out from beneath her, and this time pain exploded through her head just before a darkness the like of which she had never known before closed around her. oOoOo It was a miserable night, and he shrugged his cloak tighter over his shoulders and head as the intensity of the rain increased. It was one of the storms from the north, where while the rain was not quite freezing the wind could steal what little warmth was in a person all too quickly. Getting back to his cabin meant he would have to cross the stream from where he had set his snares, then walk nearly a half a mile. Considering the way the wind twisted this way and that among the trees of the Los Padres forest, the only thing that would be dry when he finally made it back to his cabin would be the two opossums hanging limply from his belt. The storm had been threatening for the better part of a day, but had broken over him as if Ossë himself had decided to suddenly throw a temper tantrum. Even this far inland, he could hear the dull roar of the storm-driven waves crashing on the rocks at high tide. It was a sound that both comforted him greatly and made his very being ache. On the other side of that sea, somewhere , was home: people and places he would never see again, regardless the many Ages of exile he had served in penance for the violence committed against his kin. But it wouldn't do to stew about such things with the full force of a true tempest breaking about his ears. The snares had been re-set and re-baited, meat for the pot for the next few days hung from his belt. It was time to find shelter and wait out the temper tantrum. And that's when he heard it: a low shriek and then the sound of something pushing through bushes on the way to the banks of the stream. His ears quickly picked up a second set of rustling and crashing; something or someone was fleeing something or someone else, for one reason or another. Either way, it didn't involve him. He tugged on the hood of his cloak to protect him just a little more and continued on his way. The shriek came again, along with a wet, slipping sound. The prey - the one fleeing - had evidently reached the top of the banks and slipped in the loose mud. Sounds of splashing below told him that the fall had carried that being all the way into the stream itself. From behind, the crashing grew louder, closer, more hurried, as if the one pursuing knew that its prey had stumbled. He sighed and headed for the roadway that would become a rusted iron bridge over the stream. He had no intention of getting that wet. Let those who didn't know the threat of loose dirt mixed liberally with rainwater make a mess of themselves without his assistance! Still, curious, he walked to the side of the bridge and gazed down on the drama taking place below. Another shriek cut the air, followed by another, larger, splash. Into the middle of the flowing water tumbled a figure, and he cringed at the sound of flesh striking rock. Whoever it was, wasn't moving anymore – probably unconscious. He gazed, hoping to see movement, but… nothing… until… From the bushes came a straggle-haired fellow who was now talking to himself at a near-shout. Again he watched, hoping to see a sign of simple human kindness from one who was able to one in need; but he bit back a growl when he saw the fellow bend over the fallen one and begin pulling on the clothing. Did he intend to steal the very jacket from that person's back in the middle of a storm while they lay helpless? He straightened in disgust and took a few steps toward the other end of the bridge. It wasn't his business, he reminded himself harshly; these Second-born were more than capable of handling themselves without his help. In fact, his height and his tendency to wear his hair very long – just as he had for well on four Ages now – tended to make the After-comers nervous, which was fine with him because he wanted little to do with them either. And besides, he'd seen and heard enough to know how the Second-born treated anyone who was "different". He gave a glance over the metal railing, preparing to simply wish those below well and be on his way. But the man wasn't helping the fallen person in the least. In fact, it now looked as if he were beginning to rifle through that person's pockets, with water washing over that one's face in a manner that could drown them, and then... No, he couldn't just walk away – especially when he saw where the fellow's hands were going once the zipper to the jacket was open. The figure beneath the protective coat was decidedly female, and the fellow's eagerness made him seem ready and determined to perpetrate the most foul of violence on her, despite the fact that her face was nearly covered with water half the time. The drive to commit sexual mayhem was something endemic to the Second-born that he had never understood, something about the world he lived in now that sickened him to the depths of his faë . It didn't matter that Mortal women apparently had a kind of strength that sometimes allowed them to survive such abuse. As far as he was concerned, no woman should ever have to suffer that indignity, that outrage – Second-born or not. And this time, of all times, he was just too close to the situation to walk away and pretend it wasn't happening, telling himself "it is