"By the Belain, I have missed you," Thranduil exclaimed as they walked down the corridor towards his apartment, his free hand covering hers and pinning it firmly to his arm. "And I you, Sire," Elara confessed earnestly. "I was beginning to fear that Rhîw would arrive before you did." "I would never leave you alone here for that long, my gift," he soothed. His arm slipped from beneath her hand and wrapped itself tightly around her waist as they turned the corner into the family wing. It seemed as if his steps sped up just a bit more, and Elara smiled at the thought that he was looking forward to a far more personal reunion the moment they were alone. She was right. He had no more than escorted her into his apartment and latched the door firmly behind them before he was growling, "Elara nîn," and lifting her up in arms of iron. "How I have looked forward to this day!" "My Lady?" Tarion sounded worried. "My Lady? Are you all right?" Elara sighed as the memory of her lovely dream from the previous night shattered and the fragments blew away in process of being recalled to her responsibilities. "I'm well," she reassured the ever-patient seneschal, drawing her mind back into the present and the many details that still needed to be addressed before Eryn Lasgalen could be considered ready for yet another winter. "A little tired, perhaps," she admitted sheepishly. "I didn't sleep well." There was a slight hesitation, as always happened when her discussions with Thranduil's right-hand man veered into more personal terrain. "We are all worried about them," Tarion offered very cautiously. "I am certain they will be back soon. Aran said that he did not think the campaign would last into Rhîw ." Elara nodded and sighed again. "I know. I just..." "You worry about Aran , I know," Tarion observed kindly. "We all do. But Thranduil is a skilled warrior, with battle-hardened troops with him from Eryn Lasgalen, Imladris and Lothlórien. He will return safely." A hand came from out of nowhere and patted Elara's forearm gently. "Just you wait and see." "You're right." She forced a smile to her lips and out of habit wiped the back of her hand across her sightless eyes, as if that would help her clear her thoughts. "Where were we, now?" Tarion easily returned to the report he'd been discussing. "As I was saying, we have thirty-five tons of grain, seven tons of walnuts, eight of..." With difficulty, she turned her mind back to the issue of making certain Eryn Lasgalen would have adequate winter supplies. Little had she known that she had a head for such things, much less the ability to visualize amounts as balanced against need and then retain the knowledge. Seeing to the stores of the Hall was one of the tasks Tarion and Randirion assured her was traditionally that of the Lady of the hall in both Elven and mortal realms, and one that the Elvenking himself would be more than happy to transfer to her shoulders, if she could handle it. The first year had been difficult, although she'd had Thranduil's advice in her ear every evening to show her where and how to better delegate authority or demonstrate leadership. After the second winter had come and gone with more than adequate stores to keep the Greenwood Elves well-fed and warm with only minimal assistance, he had made certain that she knew just how proud and pleased he was that she was accepting her new place and responsibilities in his hall and in his life so fully. But this year, he was gone with Celeborn and the sons of Elrond, along with a combined force of Elven warriors, to help cleanse the length of the Misty Mountains of as many of the defeated Enemy minions as could be uncovered. They had left at the very first of Lothron , and had been gone over half a year now; and she desperately missed his voice of reason and experience in her ear. "What about meat?" she asked finally, filing away in her memory the totals Tarion gave her. "The forest is being generous this year." She heard Tarion shuffling paper. "We have the meat of thirty deer already dried and stored, twenty smoked, and five more still being processed. We have over a hundred fish smoked, twenty dried and about fifty stored in salt. The rabbit and squirrel populations were bountiful this year, so there should be more than adequate hunting even in Rhîw for fresher meat when needed." "Very well." She'd heard enough. "Based on a population of three hundred fifty, we will need to come up with at least fifteen more tons of grain, at least ten more tons each of chestnuts and hazelnuts, and fifteen tons of walnuts. The meat of twenty more deer and fifty or seventy-five more fish would help. We're still gathering berries and drying fruits, yes?" "Yes, and while we have no harvest totals from that as yet, it looks to have been a very decent year there as well. The orchards bore well, and the berry vines proved quite bountiful for a change. We have also been cultivating some of the 'tater' plants that Ernil Legolas had sent to us from the Shire last year - and we have in stock a healthy harvest of those tubers, as well as wild carrots. Some of the outlying farms put in beans and peas as well, and we have yet to get harvest totals from them; I assume we shall know more as they move to the Hall after the first snows." "Good," she nodded. "What about honey? Were we able to recoup from last year?" "Not quite yet, but Elberen was certain that he knows where two or three more hives are with a surplus that can be harvested without too much danger of harming the bees." "What about our trade with the men of Esgaroth? Or have we both met our obligations to the other for the year?" "Obligations on that front have been met by both sides. We have one hundred wheels of cheese, thirty buckets of butter, fifty casks of Dorwinion and a hundred barrels of lesser wine that were traded for suedes, leather and silk, as well as the time and muscles of some of our warriors to help with some of their construction projects. I feel confident that our people are well on the way to surviving Rhîw very comfortably. We just need to finish with the hunting, gathering and harvesting that you indicate." "How about the spider silk supply - were we able to gather enough?" Tarion actually chuckled. "Of all the things we harvest from the forest, we need worry about the supply of silk the least, Lady. Our silkiers spend the spring and early summer feeding the young spiders with small prey and collecting spent egg pouches, then the early autumn gathering the silk from abandoned webs as the spiders die off. The carts are still coming in, but this year's supply of raw silk is certainly no less than last year's - which was quite abundant. I should have more totals for you on that by first snow." "Wood?" "There is still plenty of deadwood to be gathered from where the fires killed back to the rootstock. And many gatherers are still to make the trip in to the hall. We should have a better idea of what is needed within two weeks." "And leather?" "Again, we shall have better totals after all are within the Halls by first snow." "Then that's all we can do at the moment, until we have more information. Thank you, Tarion." She relaxed back against the cushion of her chair, suddenly dizzy. She could hear the sound of papers being shuffled together. "Shall I send Míriel to you, Lady?" the seneschal asked, sounding worried. "You look pale." "No." Elara pushed herself to stand. "Like I said before, I'm just tired. I think I shall lie down for a while." "Very well, my Lady. You go rest; you have earned it. I still have no idea how you can keep everything I just told you in your head to call upon when next we meet." An arm inserted itself beneath one of her hands. "May I escort you?" Under normal circumstances, Elara would have refused. She was proud of the manner in which she had regained her health after nearly starving herself to death in Ithilien. But this day, she could feel a heaviness in her chest that was bothersome. "I would appreciate your arm today, my Lord," she replied. "You work every bit as hard as Aran ever does," the Elf counselor chided her as they walked slowly. "I have heard from others that you seem more worn of late, however, and I fear I must agree with them. Aran will have my ears in a jar on his desk if your health diminishes under my watch, you know." "I'm well, Tarion," Elara reassured the seneschal. "Like I said, I didn't sleep well last night. I will rest before the dinner hour - I promise." "I will hold you to that promise," Tarion told her, and a quick touch to the latch of the door he halted her in front of told her it was her own. "I happen to value my ears." "Until later," Elara chuckled, and she was relieved to hear him chuckle in return before she pushed open the door and stepped inside. Once inside, however, her need to pretend that all was well was gone, and she slumped back against the closed door. Even knowing the separation was not a permanent one, and despite the chance that, at any moment, Thranduil could come riding up to the Hall entrance in triumph and sweep back into her life again, she was pining for him in much the same way she had in Ithilien. She knew Míriel kept an eagle eye on her appetite and diet, for she had been present when Thranduil had explained to her friend just what had gone on during her time in Ithilien; and she wanted neither Míriel nor Thranduil himself to be angry with her for squandering her health in that way again. But she had lost weight anyway, she knew; her gowns hung much looser on her frame than before. She just wanted Thranduil back so desperately it literally hurt. Thranduil, please! she sent out into the silence yet again. Just let me know all is well! His brushes against the back of her mind those first few months had been great reassurances for her; but they had not come for weeks now, just as she received no answer now. Was he injured? Had something happened to him? Why wouldn't he answer her? She caught a sob back in her throat. When she'd been married to Timon, she'd never needed to fear that he would leave her to go off to battle. That he had died defending her and their baby anyway and left her behind all alone had been an almost insurmountable grief - conquered only because of the caring and attention showered on her so unexpectedly by the King of the Woodland Elves himself. And now she had been left behind again - in a way that she only barely understood. She knew what Thranduil was doing was important, and she didn't begrudge him the need to take part in the cleansing; but her world had lost most of its light when he had ridden away. Elara straightened and walked surely toward her bedroom. She should be like Míriel, calm and collected, even though Randirion had donned armor he hadn't worn in centuries to go off with Thranduil and the others. She showed no signs of worry whatsoever - or at least, never aired her concerns publicly. Or she could try to emulate Irieth, who was now heavily pregnant