Author's note: Hey guys magical bookworm here! This is my first fanfic, so I hope you guys enjoy it. Please leave comments on my writing; I'm sure that it will be a great help. There will be more Dramione action coming up in the following chapters, although this one would be like a warm-up before it begins. Have fun! Disclaimer: Everything except for the plot in this story belongs to J.K. Rowling. (I know. I'm sad) DRACO Draco frowned as he breathed in the heavy dust that was settled on the book he was carrying, then sneezed. His house was too quiet these days; his father and mother weren't the same after the war. Father had stopped abusing muggleborns, and as a result of that he and Mother were getting along fairly well. In the past, one of father's hobbies were bringing either a muggle or muggleborn witch or wizard and performing the cruciatus curse on them, just for the fun of listening to their screams and begs of mercy. Later, Draco found out that his father had done that because it was an order of the Dark Lord, but he still couldn't make himself forgive him for what he had done. Mother had hated Father for what he had done, but now she pitied him. Father had broken down after the fall of the Dark Lord. He wasn't his arrogant, annoyingly egotistical self anymore. He stayed in his room all day with mother, eating next to nothing and talking to no one. That's why he had taken to read as many books as possible during his summer break before returning to Hogwarts. To be honest, he was surprised that Hogwarts was taking him back. He was a convicted death eater, helped murder Dumbledore, the greatest wizard of all times and the only one who the Dark Lord feared, and to top it off he walked over to the dark side during the Battle of Hogwarts. He bitterly thought of all the stares he would receive form the other students when he went back to the castle. Nevertheless, Hogwarts would always be a second home to him, even though nobody would welcome him there. With a sigh he looked down at the dusty book he was carrying. The manor's library was full of books of every kind, but this volume surprised Draco. He had learned about veelas briefly during Care of Magical Creatures and they were mentioned in The History of Magic, but he was taught that there was no concrete research done by wizards on veelas. The book he was holding in his hands was very old and thick, and was titled Historia Veela by Alfred Malfoy. It was odd that his ancestor had researched and written a book of veelas, when other wizards have failed to do so. He opened the first page, expecting a page full of tiny text, and not being surprised as the sight of tiny letters greeted him. He began to read, his face became paler and paler as he digested what the book stated as definite evidence of being a veela. ' Nothing is found to be more beautiful than the creature named Veela. Veelas are found to have platinum blond hair and handsome features. When being emotionally conflicted or aroused, the veela's eyes turn darker, and will remain that way until they share physical contact with their mate. When they do not have a mate because they have not matured yet or their mate has passed away, the color will fade over a period of time. Veelas are known to have strong powers to seduce and hypnotize people; however this effect is only found in a pure female veela, although half-blooded veelas regardless of their sex will still sport handsome physical features. Female veelas have an ability to turn into harpies when they are physically or mentally attacked. They will sprout wings and scaly feet, and possibly throw miniature balls of fire towards the offender...' He often witnessed his father's eyes changing color into black when he was angry, but had brushed it off, thinking that he was imagining it. And his mother's screams much similar to those of a harpy's when father was violent or angry towards her. There were suspicious burn marks in his parents' bedroom. Could his parents be veelas? He pondered for a moment at the thought, and then shook his head. His father had told him the importance of blood purity during his entire life. They couldn't be a veela. Just then, there was a faint pop as a house elf apparated into the library. The book dropped from his hands due to his surprise. "Master, dinner is ready in the dining hall, and Master and Madame are waiting for you there," he squeaked. Father? Waiting for him in the dining hall? Draco nodded and stood up, then walked to the dining hall as if in a trance. Father and mother were both waiting for him there, which was unusual. His father usually dined alone or with mother. Draco sat down, and other house elves began serving dinner. He was just about to start eating when Lucius Malfoy cleared his throat. "Draco," he called, looking at him. He looked up in surprise. It had been over two weeks since he had talked to him. Lucius Malfoy cleared his throat, awkwardly at his son. Draco looked at his father in incredulity. His father had never looked this uncomfortable in his life. Surely something had happened, for his father to start talking to him after such a long period of silence. "Son, you are turning eighteen soon," Draco nodded. He was turning eighteen in a few weeks' time, just before he went to Hogwarts to complete his final year. Father cleared his throat again. "The Malfoys have been known as the most old prestigious pureblooded wizarding families," he began, "But... we are not as pure as the others think." Draco felt himself getting angry at what his father implied, but he did not show it. He nodded at his father to continue. "Your mother and I both possess veela blood which makes you half-veela," Draco clenched his fists, his knuckles turning white. "Then it was all a lie, was it?" he said in a deadly calm voice. "That we, purebloods were better than muggleborns and that we, the Malfoys are more superior to them. Why did you trick me, father? We were no better than the half -bloods, or the muggleborns. Why did you torture and kill them when you had no right to?" When he had finished, Lucius Malfoy's eyes were a pitch black, and he was glaring at Draco, "Draco," he said in a tightly controlled voice. Narcissa touched his arm, his eyes once again turning silvery gray. 'He really is a veela,' Draco thought, recalling the book he had previously read. "Do you think I wanted to? Wanted to kill them when I knew I had veela blood in myself? I WAS FORCED TO!" he shouted, his normally pale face turning red. "The Dark Lord forced me to, threatening that he would kill you and your mother if I did not!" Draco sat back at the news, stunned at the outburst. He had never seen his father lose control up until now. Then he remembered something else. "Then what about before he returned? When you thought that he was dead? You were no different when you were treating Granger," he remembered his father sneering at Granger at Diagon Alley and at the world cup. His father glared at him, but did not carry on. He changed the subject saying, "The important thing is that you have to find a mate for yourself at Hogwarts before you turn nineteen." Draco looked at his father in surprise, horror, worry and dread mingling inside him. "...What happens if I don't?" he asked, a big stone of dread slowly settling inside his stomach. "You will be stripped of your magical powers, and your memory will be gone of everything magical you know of. Your ties with the magical world will be broken. You will be no different than a muggle." He turned to his mother, hoping that what his father said wasn't true. She silently nodded her head in confirmation. "Why didn't you tell me earlier?" he demanded, becoming angry. His parents were so thoughtless! "That's because your veela traits have begun to show now," his mother quietly said, holding up a silver mirror. Draco glanced at his reflection, and then recoiled at himself. His eyes were midnight black, a striking contrast to his original grey eyes. "Your hair will grow longer, and it will turn paler," his father continued. Draco abruptly stood up, his appetite vanishing. "Could you tell me the rest of this later? I need some time to think," his mother, looking worried, nodded. He went back to the library, going to a secluded corner with his veela book. He absentmindedly fingered through its pages, letting the fact that he was a veela sink in. What was he supposed to do? He glanced at the book wryly. It seemed like the book was there for a reason, after all. 'Alfred Malfoy would have had no problem writing a book on veelas, seeming as he is one.' Draco thought, opening the book to where he had been reading previously. The book continued onto explaining about mating. Having a mate is crucial for a veela. When without a mate, the veela will either become emotionally depressed or have serious trouble functioning magic. Male veelas especially need their mates to control their temper, which has a high possibility of turning aggressive when blocked from any physical contact with their mates. Veelas are known to be one of the most romantic creatures to walk this planet, and the male veela will suffer intense pain when they do not have a partner to share romantic moments together, or when being apart for periods of time. Male veelas also rely heavily on their mate's happiness and contact, and if they fail to come in contact with their mate or see them content, they will suffer immense pain, eventually resulting in death. They tend to express strong possessiveness towards their mates, and when other males try to approach them or when they are harmed in any way, the male will show various levels of aggressiveness, and will not hesitate to kill for their mates. The way males find their mates is unknown; however many males have expressed that while searching for their mates, a scent so sweet continued to grab their attention, which was the scent of their future spouse. Draco threw the book in annoyance. So he had to sniff every girl in Hogwarts before he became stripped of his magical powers? What a way to spend his final year at Hogwarts. Also, the book said that he had to make his mate happy in order to survive... what was he supposed to do? He sighed and stood up, stretching his sore muscles. Perhaps he should go for a ride on his broom. Draco headed out, carrying his broomstick. He closed his eyes, feeling the familiar drift of air as he flew. A mate... he had to find one before the year ended. Worst of all, it was NEWT year, and he had to earn good grades to succeed his father in their business. His father required nothing but the best from him. He sighed. Draco wondered whether his grandfather pushed father to become the best like he did to Draco now. How did his father manage it? After all, he was a veela too. Was it easy for him to find a mate and achieve perfect grades at the same time? Draco soared up high, and then leaned forward, tilting his broom to go downwards. His feet had barely brushed the grass when he flew up high again. If there was one thing he loved in the world without hesitation, it was