Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter universe. Love it though. Warning: Sad and feelsy. Proceed with caution? She was a small girl, Alice, the niece of the "ice cream man" from Diagon Alley. In most of her years as a child, that's how she was known to her peers. She wasn't known for her long hair, or her affinity for butterfly clips, or the fact that Professor Sprout praised her every day for how well she knew her flora in Herbology. She was shy, and for a while in her first year she didn't have many friends. The other girls in her dormitory had already flocked together before Alice had worked up the courage to say hello. Then, one day, the redhead from her dormitory approached her. "Excuse me," she said, standing at the edge of Alice's bed, "You're really good at Herbology, right?" Alice nodded silently. The redhead smiled encouragingly, as if she knew this made Alice very nervous. "Can I ask you a question?" she continued. Alice nodded again, and the redhead asked her all about Bouncing Bulbs and why they needed a spell to stun them. Alice told her it was because they were easily threatened, especially when small, and the entire time the redhead (Alice wished she could remember her name!) took careful notes on the book she had open in her arms. When they were finished, and the other girls in their dormitory were watching with interest, she smiled happily at Alice. "Thank you," she said and held out her hand, "I'm sorry I've never said anything, but I'm Lily." Alice gave her a watery smile in return and shook Lily's hand. "I'm Alice." Through Lily, Alice made friends with the other two girls she hung around with. One of them she had already heard of, if only in passing; Marlene McKinnon, a pretty blonde from a Pureblood family like Alice's. The other was Mary McDonald, who later Alice learned was a muggleborn like Lily, after a couple Slytherin boys picked on them. Also through these new friends of hers, Alice was first introduced to Frank Longbottom. Marlene knew him because the Longbottoms were also pureblooded and tended to hang out with families that were like them. Frank was a year older than them, and friends with Marlene's brother. They ran into each other in a fourth floor corridor, while Marlene and Alice were going to the library. Malcolm McKinnon and Frank were coming out. "Hey, Marls!" the blonde one chirped and Marlene waved enthusiastically, "Who's your friend?" Marlene put her arm around Alice's shoulders, and her heart fluttered. No one had ever been so friendly with her before. "This is Alice. Alice Fortescue," she said. That's how Marlene introduced herself. Marlene, Marlene McKinnon. "Alice, this is my brother Malcolm. And his friend, Frank." "Fortescue like the ice cream man?" asked Frank with wide eyes. Alice started to nod but Marlene scoffed. "Who cares?" As Marlene playfully argued with the boys, Alice heard a faint squeaking noise. She frowned and looked around for the culprit, and her eyes widened when they landed on the chandelier over them. Peeves the Poltergeist was there (Alice's father had warned her about him!) and he looked positively giddy while he unscrewed it from the ceiling. It was going to come down at any moment. "Look out!" Alice cried and surged forward to push the boys out of the way, dragging Marlene with her. In the next instant, the chandelier came crashing down, making some nearby students scream with fright. Marlene and the boys looked stunned. "How did you know that would happen?" Frank Longbottom wondered. His eyes were wide and very, very blue. Alice swallowed. "I heard the bolt coming loose…" "We could have gotten squashed if it weren't for you!" declared Marlene. Then she threw her arms around Alice and hugged her tight, and the latter felt a little flare of fondness in her chest. Frank and Alice didn't have a lot of contact in their younger years. They knew of each other, of course; they were in the same House, had some mutual friends. As they got older, they started to get involved in school clubs. All of Alice's friends were drawn to Dueling Club, so that's where she ended up as well. Really, in hindsight, it turned out to be a good decision. The members of dueling club were sorted by House and year, as it would have been unfair if a seventh year were allowed to duel a second year. Each House had a champion that was always a sixth or seventh year. Gryffindor's was Amelia Bones, a sixth year who was absolutely ruthless, especially with Slytherins. Alice knew she didn't stand a chance for the position, even after Amelia graduated. Alice stood beside Marlene with Lily on the far side (Mary had Quidditch practice) and watched the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff champions duel. It was only the first meeting, and they were only fourth years, so it was unlikely they would get to fight at all. Sometime during their watching, Frank sidled up beside them. "Evening, ladies," he chirped. Alice made herself shrink a little, as he was quite close to her. It wasn't exactly an uncomfortable feeling, but she was afraid of too much unwanted contact. It made her heart flutter. "Hey," Marlene said in reply, but she was too engrossed in the duel to say much else. Frank leaned in close to Alice to whisper, "My money's on the Hufflepuff," Alice lifted her head to give him a questioning expression. "Really?" He turned his head away from the table as well, and suddenly they were nearly nose to nose. "Really. Jordan Turner –the Ravenclaw– a real twat, he is," he said, "I want to see him lose for once." Alice was about to reply when Marlene jostled her shoulder. She looked over, and the other blonde nodded her head across the dueling platform. On the other side, looking absolutely devious, were three fourths of the most annoying, intimidating group of boys Alice had ever met. There was only one missing– And he promptly appeared beside Lily. "Are you going to fight me, Evans?" asked James Potter, who draped one of his arms over her shoulders as he spoke. Both Lily and Marlene sneered, and Lily shoved him. "In your dreams, Potter. Merrythought would never let fourth years duel on the first day, anyway," she said. "You would be a splat on the floor in no time," Marlene added. James scoffed, and his head turned slightly so he saw Alice and Frank. His gaze skipped right over her, and Alice's cheeks burned. "Alright, Longbottom?" he said. Frank nodded. "I would say so," he replied, and as he spoke Alice felt a hand gently caress her wrist. It's okay. A little smile bloomed on Alice's face. Her gaze moved to Lily, because suddenly she had perked up after James's unwanted appearance. "I'll see you guys later," she said to the girls and Frank, ignored James completely, and then hurried away saying, "Sev!" If Alice didn't know better, she would have thought she heard James Potter snarl under his breath. But then his face morphed quickly into a wicked grin and he once again addressed Frank. "I'll see you around, mate," he said and turned on his heel to rejoin his friends across the room. Once he was gone, Marlene scoffed and leaned towards Alice. "What a weird bloke," she muttered and Alice nodded her agreement. Frank had stopped touching her wrist. Merrythought, the aging Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, had climbed on top of the platform once the first duel was over. To Frank's chagrin, the Ravenclaw Jordan Turner had won fair and square. "Now," she said, looking around at the crowd of gathered students, "Who would like to go next? Come on, don't be shy, it's fun!" Hands went up all over the room, and Professor Merrythought chose someone randomly from the other side of the room. She turned to their side, looking through the hands, but Alice didn't raise hers. She instead watched the person chosen climb onto the platform. Amycus Carrow. A seventh year Slytherin. Frank's hand was in the air, and he was nearly jumping to get noticed. Merrythought was getting dangerously close to choosing someone near her. She quickly grabbed Frank's arm and yanked it down, pulling him from the running. He looked over sharply, surprised. "Don't," she whispered with a little shake of her head. Frank was a fifth year; he could be in the running to fight a seventh year. A Ravenclaw called Emmeline Vance ended up being chosen to duel Carrow. Frank looked put out at first, but soon got over that. Because Amycus Carrow didn't play by the rules. He ended up in detention for so long it started to spread that he had been expelled. Emmeline Vance was in the hospital wing for a long time. Fifth and sixth year was when everything started to change. Lily was made a Prefect, but so was James Potter. They spent a lot of time together, and at first all Lily did was complain about it. Until she came back to their dormitory one day crying because Severus Snape had called her an unspeakable name, and she was done, done , with his friendship. "You should have cursed him," Mary told her as she held Lily in her arms. Marlene and Alice were sitting not too far away, also ready to comfort. Lily shook her head and wiped at her eyes. "He'll get his…" she muttered, "He's to be a Death Eater." That term gave Alice the chills. It had started to be thrown around at the beginning of the school year, and it was April now. Death Eaters were followers of… him. You-Know-Who. "I'll still punch him right in the bullocks," Marlene said, and that earned a laugh from the girls. Soon after that, there was a string of terrible things that made even the bravest of Gryffindors tremble. A Muggle suburb was trashed, and there were a number of casualties. Marlene spent several nights in the company of Sirius Black, and she and Lily didn't speak for weeks. The Carrow twins tortured a Muggleborn Auror publically and got away. Frank pulled a prank with James Potter and ended up in detention. Amelia Bones's parents were murdered by You-Know-Who himself. One afternoon Alice's sixth year, she and Frank were lying in the grass near the banks of the lake, and they were mostly silent. This was Frank's last year at Hogwarts, and he was very stressed out with all his NEWTs. He was on the Auror tract, and she was too, but he actually had to take the exams this term. "I got a letter from my parents," he told her softly, breaking the silence between them, "Death Eaters came to my house." Alice shot up into a sitting position, looking horrified. "Merlin, Frank, you say that like your parents got a new dog. What happened?" Frank groaned and threw an arm over his eyes, and in the same action grabbed her hand. He just held it, and Alice let him. "They wanted my parents to join. We're Purebloods, you know, they like that. Mum and dad said no of course, but they don't take to no very kindly… they said they had some time to think about it and left. You can imagine what would happen if they said no a second time," he explained. She shook her head. "What are they going to do?" "Relocate," he said, his eyes peeking out over his elbow, "I don't know where they are. They said telling me by owl is too dangerous, it could be intercepted." Alice gulped. She could tell this was really eating at him, especially since he currently didn't really have a home. She had a feeling this was going to be just the beginning of the displacement feeling, specifically if the