Hello all and welcome to this new story! This is the first time I'm writing in about 3 years. I had an idea for a new story that would explore more of the Harry Potter universe, specifically, different geographical locations and other types of magic that are touched upon but not fully explained in the novel. This is also an exercise for me personally, it's been a while since I've written for fun, and I wanted to see if I would still enjoy it! There will be Hindi and Sanskrit words used in this story. For a translation of any words that look unfamiliar, please see the author's note at the bottom. Nothing in the Harry Potter universe belongs to me. There are direct quotes taken from the novels, and those do not belong to me either. All credit goes to J.K. Rowling. Chapter 1: The Offer " EXPECTO PATRONUM!" A silver stag erupted from the wand, and its antlers caught the dementor where its heart would have been. The dementor was thrown backwards, as the black-haired boy shouted and started to run. " DUDLEY? DUDLEY!" A plump, blond boy was lying on the floor, his hands clamped over his face as another dementor crawled towards him, gripping his wrists in its decaying hands, growing closer to the boy's face and lowering its dark head as it leaned in for a kiss. She awoke, sitting upright and gasping for air. Putting her face in her hands, she rubbed her eyes and sighed. Her dreams were almost a nightly occurrence; she always dreamed of the young black-haired boy with vivid green eyes. But rarely did they get violent, and they had never featured dementors. She clipped her dark red fringe out of her eyes and reached for the glass of water on her nightstand. Grabbing the glass in one hand and a pencil in the other, she started writing in the small leather journal she kept at all times under her pillow. July 4 th , 1995 Dreamed about him again. The big blond boy was on the floor; they were being attacked by Dementors. Don't know who cast the Patronus, maybe it was the black-haired boy? Didn't see anyone else there, but it was dark. Patronus took form of a stag. I pray that the next dream will not be so horrifying. Sighing, she put her pencil, journal, and water back on the nightstand. Burrowing back under her covers, she yawned as sleep washed over her once again. "Naina! Wake up!" Naina groaned as she rubbed her eyes and sat up. "Can you please not yell at me, Zara Mausi? It's far too early for this," Naina said groggily. "Have you looked at the time? Your letter arrived and it's been sitting on the table for at least an hour now," said her aunt, a stern look on her face and hands on her hips. Naina's eyes widened as she threw the covers back and dashed out of bed. Knocking her hip into the door, she cursed as Zara rolled her eyes behind her. Running down the stairs to the large dining room, Naina snatched the letter off the table and ripped it open to read its contents. Dear Miss Aurora, After meticulous review of many applications, you have been selected for a position at the British Ministry of Magic, Department of Mysteries. You will receive the official title and description of your position upon arrival. Please report to the Department of Mysteries on July 24 th at 10:00 A.M., and fill out the forms attached. Please contact the International Portkey Office in order to arrange for a Portkey to London. Please also do keep in mind that flying carpets are banned in Great Britain. We hope to see you in a few weeks. Sincerely, Unspeakable #13876 The Department of Mysteries The British Ministry of Magic Naina let out a shaky breath and set the letter down, looking up to see Zara watching her with interest. "Did you get the position?" Naina looked up and smiled, letting out a wobbly laugh. "Of course I got the position! They said I need to be there on the 24th, so I have to set up my Portkey for the 22nd or so," she said. Zara smiled brightly, coming over to hug her niece. "I'm so proud of you," exclaimed Zara. Naina smiled into her aunt's shoulder. She pulled back, stood on her tiptoes, and kissed Zara on the cheek. "I couldn't have done it without you, Mausi. You know that, right? It's only because of you that I'm even capable of having this opportunity," Naina said sincerely, feeling a stinging behind her eyes. Zara waved her hand. "It's nothing," she said. "It's my job. And now, enough talking! We need to start packing. Wardrobe shopping is also going to be an issue, the fashions in Great Britain are of course much different than they are here," Zara bustled around the dining room excitedly, her bangles clinking as she moved her hands for emphasis. Naina groaned. It was going to be a long 3 weeks. "Name?" asked the wizard sitting behind the desk in a monotone. "Naina Aurora," she said with a sigh. This was the third wizard she had been directed to in the Portkey Office in the Department of Magical Transportation. She had arrived in London an hour earlier, and was planning on getting her first dinner in Britain in almost 20 years. However, it seemed to her that most people at the British Ministry weren't that organized compared to those in the Indian Ministry. "I see your name right here. Do you have your forms?" asked the wizard, peering down at her over his glasses. "Oh, yes, let me just get them," mumbled Naina. Reaching into her purse, she pulled out her customs papers and handed them over to the wizard. She looked down at the shrunken suitcases inside her purse, trying not to think about how much unpacking she would have to do once she found a home. If she ended up finding a home, that is. Scanning through her papers, the wizard nodded to himself. "Everything seems to be in order. You just need to sign here, and then you can leave." Sighing in relief, Naina signed the parchment the wizard slipped her and nodded her head at the man. "Have a nice day," His lips twitched in a motion that one could take as a smile. "Of course. Have a wonderful stay," Naina took that as her cue to leave. Exiting the office, she headed for the elevator. She got in, and the only other person there was a tall man with light brown hair, and a relatively scarred face. However, he looked kind, so Naina flashed a brief smile at him. He nodded in return. The elevator ride to the first level was relatively silent. Naina nodded at the man once again before exiting the Ministry of Magic. He looked familiar, she realized as she walked out of the Ministry of Magic. However, Naina couldn't place where she had seen him before. She started heading to the Leaky Cauldron, the pub Zara Mausi had told her about. The pub apparently had good food and rooms where she could stay until she found a house or an apartment of her own. The Leaky Cauldron was one of the only things Naina remembered from the time she lived in England, so she felt a sense of comfort returning to a familiar place. However, she didn't remember where it was, and stopped in her tracks, tugging at her fringe. She looked around for anyone who looked like they weren't in a rush, so she could ask where it was. "Excuse me?" she asked, politely reaching up and tapping the shoulder of a tall man with shabby looking robes. He turned around with a bewildered look on his face. Her eyes widened when she realized it was the same man from the elevator. "How can I help you?" he asked, not unkindly. "Would you be willing to escort me to the Leaky Cauldron? I've just moved here a couple hours ago, and I'm not sure where it is," she said sheepishly, pulling on her sleeve out of habit. His eyebrow quirked upon hearing her voice, presumably taken aback by her accent. "Of course," he said. "Right this way," Naina walked next to the man in silence that could only be classified as awkward comfort; they had just met, but he seemed kind enough. He approached a door, and gestured to her. Opening the door, she was greeted with a loud crowd; the pub was rowdy and the tables were almost all full. She turned back to look at the man who helped her. He was standing there, about to turn around and leave. "Excuse me, would you like to join me?" He turned around, looking startled. He looked at her for a couple seconds, his mouth open. "It's just that I got here quite literally 2 hours ago," she said hurriedly. "I'd really appreciate it if we could talk for a bit, and if I could ask you some questions about the place," He sighed, looking down at her. "Alright," he said, walking forward. He walked past her in search of a table. Naina tossed her curls behind her in exasperation. This was definitely an awkward start to her new life in England. Remus Lupin was having somewhat of an odd day. He had a long day at the Ministry running errands for the Order, and would've liked to go back to Grimmauld Place to curl up with a good book. This witch who had quite literally popped out of nowhere, however, seemed to have different plans. Remus would have been suspicious, but the witch seemed relatively harmless. She was quite short and seemed to be young. If he didn't know that she was foreign, Remus would have guessed that she was a recent Hogwarts graduate. Additionally, he was in a public place, so if this woman wanted to harm him, she wouldn't be able to do anything without being caught herself. He signaled for a waitress to come over, sitting down at the table. The witch across him took a seat. He appraised her silently, watching as she crossed her legs. She blended in well for someone who was foreign. Her robes were a deep red color that seemed to match her hair. The patterns along the sleeves were the only indication that the clothes she was wearing were not from Britain; they were embellished with gold thread and jewels. She cleared her throat. "I should introduce myself," she said, thrusting a hand adorned with rings and bracelets towards him. "My name is Naina Aurora, and I just moved here from India a couple hours ago," He took her outstretched hand, shaking it firmly. "Remus Lupin," Naina raised her eyebrow impassively. "Nice name," she said. Remus' heartbeat sped up. He wondered if she suspected anything about his condition, but showed no outward indication that anything was wrong. He inclined his head. "Same to you," There was a brief silence as the waitress came over and the two of them ordered tea. "So, if you don't mind my asking," he started, eager to break the silence. "Are you here for work or studying as an apprentice?" Naina laughed. "I have two Masteries," she said. Remus' eyebrows shot up behind his hairline. "I actually start work at the Ministry of Magic in two days," "Two Masteries already? Excuse me, but you look fairly young," he asked curiously. "I do get that a lot, however, I'm a bit older than I look," she smirked faintly. "The system in India is slightly different than here in Britain. We stay in magical school for six years, then have the option of pursuing a Mastery." she explained. "I chose to pursue two Masteries, so it took me six years to achieve both of those rather