AUTHORS' DISCLAIMER: PLEASE REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW! Chapter 1 The Snake Butted Dude vs. Magenta's Snark Why can't we high five properly? Oh, sorry. Wasn't talking to you. But, now I am. So, hi! If you're hearing this, then you're most likely a demigod. You know, half God, half mortal? You're supposed to know that by now. I hope you do, otherwise I'll seem like a crazy nut to you. [Well, I know I am, and you know I am, but they don't have to know that!] Sorry, that was Magenta. She's my bestie….for some reason. [Ow! Stop jabbing me!] Chiron asked us to record our adventurers down. Hopefully you already know the guy. He's kinda hard to miss-that is, if he's in his actual form. If he's hiding the bottom of a horse in his wheelchair, you might just think he's some old teacher. [Yes, okay, technically he is, but that's besides the point! Magenta, stay on task or get out]. Since both Magenta and I are too lazy to actually write, we're going to do a little something inspired by our Egyptian friends Carter and Sadie Kane. They're epic. If you ever get a hold of their records, you should totally give them a listen. Right, so. Chiron asked us to do this because he wants to try a use of this new technology. Hermes, the god of thieves and messages, originally invented the Internet-did you know? [Magenta, thank him later.] Because he didn't want his children being left out of the loop, he finally came out with this awesome new version of the Internet-and really, technologies. I don't know the details. What did Dionysus say? Something about how he snuck into Apple headquarters and got the one guy to magically make it-I don't really know. Don't really care, actually. The point is, now we can actually use technology of the twenty first century without the worry that we're alerting the attention of every monster in the area. Oh, but if you have a phobia of snakes, you won't enjoy the experience too much. No matter what, you'll always get these weird pop ups of two snakes-one blue and one red. They're not viruses, don't freak. They have working exit buttons, but it's almost like...they just want to let you know they're there. Ugh, I'm not making any sense. Anywho! Camp Half Blood has just been upgraded. For tumblr-obsessies like Magenta and myself, this is a godsend. Literally. I think. Oh! I'm forgetting my name. My name's Ann. Nice to meet ya! So, I guess I should finally start this weird little story of ours. Be warned, there are a lot of plants involved. It really started back towards the end of Junior year-beginning of May, I think [Magenta is now informing me it was actually mid-May. Whatever]. That's when we finally made sense of all the weird stuff that had happened to us in our childhoods. Now, our childhoods weren't messed up, exactly. I think we had pretty good childhoods, really. But every now and then, something weird would happen to us we couldn't explain. Like how I walked in my first day of any school ever, completely hysterical because no I don't want to go in there I want to go home. Smart kid, what can I say. Anyways, as some kind teachers shepherded me down the hallway, both drinking fountains at each end of the hallway exploded. The fountains were blasted right off the wall by two jets of water, which then lowered into a steady waterfall, plopping onto the floor and causing a proper mess. Once Magenta, in 3rd grade, had mentioned how she liked a girl's bracelet. Everyone else claimed Magenta stole it, but Magenta swore that the bracelet just flew into her hand the moment the girl took it off. Still, no adult believes a 3rd grader saying this, so she had to sit out the rest of the day in the principal's office. Jeb couldn't pick her up then, and her mom was at work, of course. Then, our 7th grade class had participated in a park clean up. This was a weird day. First, all the kids Magenta didn't like just kept stepping into sinkholes that seemed to pop out of nowhere. Second, when Magenta got a little ticked that she couldn't play on the roundabout since it was so full of kids...when all of a sudden the ground seemed to just...shift. Thanks to that, the roundabout spun so quickly it was basically the song "Raining Men"-but with kids instead. No wonder they're considered safety hazards nowadays-I clearly remember a few kids actually flying over my head-and I'd been a good thirty feet away. Finally, in 9th grade-and now this was creepy-we'd been running late, so Ms. P had decided to take a shortcut to school. This involved passing a graveyard. We were so elated about how fast we got home, that Magenta and I decided to walk home after school that way….Only….Well, the bones of all the dead people buried? Yeah, they were no longer buried. All of them lie right in front of their gravestones. We were so freaked, we never even spoke of going down that way again. We'd deal with the detention of being late before ever walking that way again. Weird, right? Maybe all of these are coincidences, but Magenta and I never really thought so. They were too...often. Something wasn't right. Turns out, we're demigods. Both our mom's did the do with powerful beings of pure energy and general awesomeness. For you, whoever you are, listening to this, maybe it was your dad. But my mom had little baby me with the God of the Sea, Poseidon. I don't know how she met him[How do you stumble across a god? Oh shush, Magenta. We don't have time for your nutty explanations], since my mom died giving birth to me. Unless Poseidon sends letters(he doesn't), I will probably never know. Luckily, Magenta's mom happened to be there when my mom died. Magenta's mom was preggers with Magenta at the time, but she hadn't yet left for maternal leave, so she saw the whole thing. Magenta's mom has never been married. She took me in, and I've lived with the human color ever since[Ow! How was that even offensive to you?!]. Magenta was born a few months later on Thanksgiving. Right before Magenta's Mom went into labor, Uncle Jeb came and joined the party. Uncle Jeb is Magenta's mother's brother[Don't you "duh" me!], and he's more of a housewife then Ms. P could ever be. She's so busy with her work, he's normally the one who cooks, cleans, and tends to our needs. But he does work-he's a tattoo artist. He promised me a free one forever ago, and now I've got a sweet hippocampus on my forearm. I didn't get that until last year, though. That's not relevant to the story. Why am I telling you this? Whatever. Uncle Jeb also once did something weird. He came home late, all sulky and quiet. Now, if you know Uncle Jeb, this either means he's sick or he messed up someone's tattoo so badly they're suing(it's happened). Instead, he looked at Ms. P., then tossed me this italian Charm Bracelet. It was one of those bracelets that most people either wear forever or they don't even look at because they can pinch your skin. Back then, I was...how old was I? Eleven? I think I was eleven. At first, I barely wore it. But Uncle Jeb noticed me never wearing it and practically begged me to keep it on me forever. When that didn't work, he just guilted me into it. P.S, don't do that. He was technically saving my life, but you shouldn't guilt people to get them to do stuff. Eventually I wore it everyday. It only has 6 actual charms with something on them, and all represent my personality pretty well, so I never thought anything of them. The rest of the charms are this cool blue color, although the paint has chipped off a lot. Nowadays, I feel naked and afraid if I don't have it on. Back then, before I knew of my demigod-isness, I just felt naked without it. One charm is a round painting of a chestnut horse. It has a white strip going down it's face, and it's black mane is swept to the side like a wind is blowing it. You can see a farm in the background behind it. That's my favorite charm. You'll see why in a bit. Another one is a silver dolphin. It's made so it looks like it's jumping out of the water. Then there's a sun, one with some music notes on it, and finally, a glued on horse pulling a carriage carving. Pretty cool stuff, I thought. Uncle Jeb gave Magenta her future weapon and life safer too, but I'll let her tell you about it. For now, I'll just say that it's this long chain of a necklace with a cluster of rings on them. Ms. P. never liked the bracelet. She always scowled whenever she saw it and shot Uncle Jeb dark looks, which I didn't think was fair, and didn't understand. She never spoke out against me having it, besides from the look of pure horror on her face that one fateful night at the dinner table when Uncle Jeb had given us our new accessories. Now, our story doesn't really start until the dude with the snake butt[A gemini, they're called. Not as in the sign, I have nothing against geminis, but these gemini's are...well, different] attacked us. We were in school, and both of us were in separate classes. Our school was weird in the fact that instead of 8 forty minute periods, we have four eighty minute blocks a day. I was sitting, bored out of my mind, in my Microsoft Word and Excel class-where they taught us how Microsoft Office work. I was using(by some luck), a newer Apple Computer that had the design of a caduceus-the staff with the two snakes looping around it, where the Apple was supposed to go instead. That was weird to me, but I never questioned it. Tip to all demigods: only use tech if it has that mark on it somewhere. That means it's Hermes special brand, and you will not be inviting the monsters over for dinner. Anyways, I was sitting there, clicking on the keys with one finger while the other hand pressed against my cheek to keep my head up. I was contemplating a nap when the phone rang. The teacher picked up. I waited for some other kid to be told that he was needed down at the Guidance Office or that someone's parents were there, but to my surprise, my teacher turned to me. "Ann, they need you downstairs in the basement. Room 2." She hung up her phone. "Should I take my stuff?" I asked. My teacher nodded. "Probably." I blinked, then logged out of my computer and shut it down. I snatched my bag, standing and throwing it over my shoulder. I internally groaned at the weight of it, and marched out of the room. Thinking about it now, I wonder if my teacher was secretly a monster too. She was boring enough for it. Outside, I turned towards the stairs. I wasn't really paying attention until I actually turned and stared down the stairs. Who else but Magenta was standing at the bottom of the staircase, doubled over and breathing heavy. [Ow! What? You were!]. "I can't even escape you for a minute, can I?" I asked, hopping down the stairs towards her. Magenta turned, and a smile pulled on her lips as she turned and groaned. "Noooooo. Not you again." I laughed and teasingly punched her in the shoulder. "What are you doing out of English?" I nodded to Magenta's bag. She tapped mine. "I could ask you