This was an entry for the Age of Edward contest, but it doesn't really have a particular "agey" feel to it. It was titled "Test of Time" in the contest but I felt like changing things up and go with my original title here. There will be an epilogue added, but I won't be posting anything until after the new year. Thank you to those who hosted the contest! It's my favorite one and congratulations to all the winners! A huge hug to Jen328 for editing this for me! She took on this monster on such short notice and gave me such wonderful comments on its direction when I didn't see a way to move forward. Standard Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Fall 1943 I woke up from a terrible nightmare when I was seventeen. I had been burning in the fires of hell, and my parents were dead. I was alone and scared beyond anything I'd ever thought possible. Then, like with any nightmare, I woke up. The pain stopped, and I truly couldn't remember what I'd been dreaming about. In fact, I couldn't remember much at all, and I couldn't hear any sound aside from the insistent buzzing that filled my ears. After processing the ceiling above me for several seconds and trying to rub the ringing from my ears, I realized that it wasn't a ringing at all—and it wasn't coming from my ears. Voices filled my head. Thoughts, feelings, images. It was overwhelming, and I huddled in on myself, sheltering my head, praying the voices would stop, and needing desperately to wake up. My body had a will of its own, and when a comforting hand fell on my shoulder, I jumped across the room before I knew I wanted to get away. Growling, I crouched down. My hands were curled into claws, prepared for attack. The couple in front of me didn't appear ready to fight. Their hands were clasped, with the female slightly behind the male. "Poor child." Her voice was so soft and sweet. It reminded me of someone, but I couldn't place it. "He's probably thirsty." The man's voice was just as gentle and calming. "I am not a child! I am not thirsty!" My voice boomed in the still room, causing them both to step back. "I want out of here." The man across from me directed the woman toward the door. "Let me have a moment with Edward, Esme." She nodded and closed the door quietly behind her, but even though she was gone, her voice was just as clear. "I hope he's okay. Such a sweet boy. Maybe we shouldn't have changed him after all." I pressed my hand to my temple as the image of me writhing in pain flashed through my mind followed by the sight of me in a bed in a large room surrounded by other sick people. In this scene, an older woman in the bed next to mine held my hand. "Stop." I pressed my palms to my eyes. "Edward?" I blinked up at the man as another scene flashed out before me. I was lying on the same bed, but the woman who had been beside me was gone, and I was crying, but no tears were falling. "He's dehydrated. Try your best to get him to drink something. He's not doing well, and if he continues on like this, he'll die, too." I stood from my crouch and stumbled toward the bed, sitting down quickly. The frame snapped under the sudden pressure, and I fell to the floor. "What are you doing to me? I need you out." I pressed my fingers to my forehead. His voice filtered through again. "Can you hear me? Is this what you mean?" I groaned as another image bombarded me from the hallway where the woman stood. I leaned against the fallen mattress, and it buckled the floor beneath me. Rolling away, I caught sight of the sunlight filtering through the window and my mind jumped from the woman in the hallway to outside, where I could hear the leaves move with the breeze and birds scratching against the branches as they landed on the tree. I reached my hand toward the light, thinking if I could get outside the window, I'd find some relief. As a beam of sunlight hit my hand, I closed my eyes against the shimmering sparkle of my skin. I pulled back and slammed myself against the wall, splintering the wooden panel. I looked back up at the man, taking in his white-blond hair and his warm, burnished gold eyes with a striking ring of red around the edges. "What have you done to me?" He didn't answer with words, but in his mind flashed to an old leather bound book—his father's, I knew from his thoughts—with one word burned into the front. Vampyre. What followed that moment were years of practice and frustration. I had woken up from intense pain to the real nightmare. I could hear thoughts, I would live forever, I could damn myself more and take human lives to sustain myself, or I could feel the utter dissatisfaction of drinking from animals. I was sullen most of the time and had a quick temper the rest of the time. I raged against everything and everyone. I broke so many valuables Carlisle and Esme had collected over the years. They tried to act like they understood what happened, but I knew the truth because they couldn't hide anything from me. No one could. With that revelation, I packed up my meager belongings and left. Esme was brokenhearted at the decision and blamed herself for not being understanding enough, all the while hugging me and wishing me luck. Carlisle shook my hand and bowed his head, speaking in his thoughts. "You are always welcome to come back. No matter what you do or what happens." For the next ten years, I used my powers to hunt down and rid the world of those predators who hid themselves from everyone else but couldn't do so from me. The world was a better place because of my justice, or so I told myself. I saved lives, countless innocent lives, and I quenched the never-ending burn in my throat with the blood of monsters just like myself. I was judge, jury and executioner. Until finally I realized how fallible I was. A man of no more than twenty was chasing a woman down a darkened street. His thoughts were solely on stopping her, making her listen. She'd understand if she'd just stop. He'd make her listen. Tame compared to the things I'd heard in other men's thoughts. When I caught up with her, I stepped between them and held him against the wall by his throat. His thoughts screamed at the woman behind us and the baby she was carrying but didn't want because her father wouldn't allow her to marry him. He wasn't thinking of ways to escape from my grasp, but how to draw enough breath to yell for her to run. I dropped him to the ground and took a few steps back, watching as the young woman ran to his side. How long it had been since I truly listened to my victims to make sure of their guilt? I ran and didn't stop until I reached Rochester, New York, where I knew Carlisle had moved. The next year was spent relearning control. Controlling my bloodlust, controlling my temper and strength, controlling how I read minds in order to give the occupants of our home more privacy than I was used to giving. In my absence, Carlisle and Esme had added new members to the family. First was Rosalie Hale, two years earlier, and then her mate, Emmett McCarty, just a year later. As I sat at the piano, trying desperately not to split another key, I laughed at how much the situation must have been like dealing with small children. Of course we were learning much different things, but to have two newborns and a reformed vampire under one roof had to be a lesson in eternal patience. As my eyes changed from blood red back to gold from a diet that consisted only of animal blood, Carlisle told me I needed to learn the lesson of balance. To somehow understand that just because I was vampire didn't mean that I was inherently bad. I begged to differ. I had the blood of countless humans on my hands to prove my point. Still, I shuffled through existence—not truly present, but also not truly dead. "Edward?" I glanced up from my book as he entered my study. "Yes, Carlisle?" "I think you should go home." Placing my book to the side, I angled my head and raised an eyebrow. "Aren't I already?" "You misunderstand." An image of a beautiful two-story brick home flashed through his mind. "I think you need to go back to your childhood home. Back to Chicago." "Why would I do that? I remember nothing of my human life." "Perhaps it would help you understand that you weren't always this way. That you were human and that you have a soul." He finished the sentence in his thoughts, away from the others who were listening intently to our conversation. I snorted and picked up my book. "I'll consider it. After all, I have nothing but time." It wasn't a week later that I left Rochester bound for Chicago. Esme left no room for discussion as she had packed a bag for me and told me to rent a hotel room if I wished once I arrived. I could have run, saved countless hours and had some moments of peace before I reached my destination, but I didn't. I took the train into Chicago and then the 'L' to the neighborhood I had grown up in. By the time I reached the end of the street, the sun was sinking in the west and the shade of the large oak I stood under provided adequate protection from its rays. I watched as children played together in the street and was overcome with an unfamiliar emotion. How often had I gotten into trouble for coming home with grass stains on my new long pants? How many adventures had my friends and I put on hold because it had become too dark to continue and our mothers had called us home for the night? I didn't know. It was as if my change had created a kaleidoscope out of my memories, and occasionally things would line up perfectly where I could see the right picture, but most of the time, it was a mash of colors, faces, and events. The only reason I knew the house I was staring at was the one I grew up in was because Carlisle had told me. I crossed my arms over my chest and tried to imagine what life had been like here. I had been the only child of Edward Sr. and Elizabeth Masen. I had been at the top of my senior class and had run track. I had been an accomplished pianist and died at seventeen. Carlisle said that I had been very interested in medicine and war, and we had originally met when I stopped by the hospital to find out about summer internships that would prepare me for medical school. I shook my head and looked at the ground. I didn't know who Edward Masen was. I couldn't remember him or what he liked or hated. I didn't know his favorite color or who his best friend had been. I knew Edward Cullen, though. He was a monster. He loved the taste of warm blood gushing from a struggling body. He craved the righteous feeling that coursed through his veins as he took another rapist or murderer off the streets with a quick