„Potter – a word, If you please!" Professor McGonagall waited until the rest off the class left, and then said, „Potter, the champions and their partners—„ „Partners?" Harry asked curiously. Professor McGonagall looked at him suspiciously, as if he was messing with her. „The Yule Ball, Potter. Your Dance Partner." ‚Dance Partner!' Harry thought. „I don't dance." He said quickly. „You will have to," McGonagall said sternly, for it is a tradition for the champions. No excuses, and have somebody teach you how to dance before the ball. You must likely won't have to worry about finding a date to the ball." She said in a ‚That is Final' tone. Harry walked out of the classroom to see his two friends waiting for him. „Harry, mate, can you believe it! A date to a ball. How the hell do you ask a girl to a ball!" Ron said. Harry sighed. He knew whom he wanted to ask, but didn't know where to get the courage from. This seemed like the perfect opportunity, since of she didn't accept he could always say he only asked her out to show Ron how to do it. „Look, Ron, like this." He said. He quickly and discreetly drew his wand and muttered 'Orchideus'. A rose appeared in his hand. He turned to Hermione, who was standing next to him and said: „Hermione Jane Granger, would you like to go to the ball with me", while handing her the rose. „Yes, I'd like to go to the ball with you Harry" Hermione said. „Where did you get the rose from, anyway." She asked. Harry held his wand in front of him and said: "Orchideus" and a rose appeared in his hand. „Where did you learn that charm Harry" Hermione asked. „ Ollivander used it at the wand weighing ceremony." Harry said. „Thanks, mate! I'll go and find a date, or else all the good ones are taken. You should go, too" he said and ran off. „But I already have a date, Ron!" Harry shouted, but Ron didn't hear him. „That was for real?" Hermione asked in a hopeful tone. „Not just for show?" „Yes, that was for real, but you don't have to go with me if you don't want to" Harry said, seeing her shocked expression. „ I'd love to go to the ball with you Harry. I just can't believe you asked a plain, bossy, bushy-haired bookworm like me." Hermione said. „Why shouldn't I ask you? You're beautiful, smart, attractive, and I don't mind you being a bit bossy." Harry told Hermione, who was getting blushed more with each compliment. „Thanks, Harry, but you don't have to make things up" Hermione said in a small tone, still red in the face. „ I'm not making things up. I really think that you're beautiful and attractive, and even you can't say that you're not smart. I'm still wondering why the hat didn't put you in Ravenclaw." Harry told Hermione, who was still pink in the face. „Do you really think I'm beautiful?" Hermione asked in a small voice. „Have I ever lied to you, Hermione, apart from saying ‚i'm fine' when I'm not?" Harry asked. Hermione blushed again and didn't respond, so they walked in silence towards the charms classroom, their last class of the day. Shortly before they arrived, Harry thought of something: „Hermione, do you know how to dance?" he asked her. „ Yes, of course" she responded. „Can you teach me? I don't know how to dance and don't want to embarrass you in front of anyone" Harry said. „ Yes, of course I'll teach you!" Hermione beamed at him. ※~~~(๑・v・๑)~~~※ During class, Hermione found it hard to concentrate. While finding it hard to concentrate is nothing new to 95% of the other students in school (Nobody had yet found out how Hermione managed to stay awake in Professor Binns' class), this was new for her. Hermione was in heaven. The boy whom she had secretly loved for one year had asked her to the ball, and wanted to take dance lessons from her! She felt like she could burst with happiness and needed to venture her feelings. So, after class, she raced straight to her dorm and began writing a letter to her parents. After finishing her letter, she went to the Owlery to send the letter and calm down a bit. When it was time for dinner, she had managed to calm down enough to not show her emotions to much (even though she still felt like running through the entire castle screaming ‚YES' ) and eat a bit. After dinner, Harry approached Hermione and they set a time for the dance lessons. Harry, in an outburst of smartness, had asked Dobby for a place to dance. Dobby showed them the location of the Room of Requirement and told them how to use it. Inside, they found a nicely decorated room with a radio and a dance floor in the middle. So Hermione proceeded to lead Harry to the dance floor, held took both of his hands in hers and put one hand on her waist (which caused a pleasant feeling to radiate from the spot) and held the other hand outstretched. And so they swayed slowly to the music, until curfew came upon them and they had to get back. ※~~~(๑・v・๑)~~~※ When Hermione awoke with sticky pants and a large smile on her face, she couldn't stop thinking about last evening and the upcoming ball. Harry, in contrary to his own beliefs, was a great dancer, once he knew how to. And even though he figured out how to do it after about 15 minutes, he still asked for further lessons. So it was to no big surprise to Hermione that she once again dreamed about Harry doing some very naughty things to her, and as always, she greatly enjoyed it. Those dreams about her and Harry had started in the summer holidays after her third year. Nearly every night she had dreamed about her and Harry being together, snogging. But the dreams had gone dirtier very quickly, and soon Harry was proceeding to take off various pieces of her clothing and touching her in very inappropriate places. And she enjoyed every moment of it greatly, wishing it could be like this in real life. About half way trough the holidays, her dreams had gotten even worse (or better, from her point of view). Dream-Harry started pleasuring her with his mouth and fingers, and she woke up with sticky pants more often than not. And about 3 weeks before the end of the holidays, they even proceeded to have sex. As always, she enjoyed it greatly and was even sometimes disappointed if they didn't have sex in her dreams. And very rarely, she even had dreams about Harry tying her up on a bed, or a table, or in a dungeon, and then raping her. Even though it wasn't Rape, since Hermione enjoyed it very much. If she was honest with herself, those were the dreams she enjoyed the most. And after each of those dreams, she found herself wishing it could be like this in real life. She found herself daydreaming about being Harry's girlfriend, lover, fiancée and wife. She found herself daydreaming about having a family with Harry, about little girls with brown hair and green eyes and little boys with black hair and brown eyes. And always, she wanted it to be real. It was this summer that she realized that she was hopelessly and head over heels in love with Harry. But her insecurities sometimes took over and she cried, thinking that all her dreams could never be fulfilled, that she was to ugly to be with Harry, that she didn't stand a chance against the other girls and that it would be better for her to just forget about it. But she also knew that she could never stop loving Harry. That was when her mother found her once, crying her heart out. And, being the good mother that she was, she helped her daughter, made her realize that even though Harry could be with nearly any girl he wanted, the only one he was friends with was her. She reminded her that they needed dress robes for Hogwarts and that she should try her best and make Harry notice her, and if that didn't work, she should just ask him out herself, because it would be better to go to the ball as friends than not at all. And that's why Hermione was so happy about Harry asking her out to the ball. She even was the first person he asked out and he even told her she was beautiful and attractive! And he is taking dance lessons from her and even though he learned it after the first time, he still asked for more. It gave her tremendous amounts of hope and happiness, and this time she wouldn't let her insecurities get the better of her. ※~~~(๑・v・๑)~~~※ Hermione was flying on a cloud of happiness. The Yule Ball was less than 2 days away and she was determined to make it the best night of her life. But the cloud of happiness came crashing down on that day at evening, when Ronald Weasley decided to ask her out in the most insulting manner impossible. It had been a great day, until Ron came to her while she was studying with Harry. "Hey Hermione, you're a girl…" he said. " Oh, well spotted, Ron" Hermione snapped. "Well- you can go with me" Ron said. Hermione started at him as if he was stupid (which he is, after all): "No Ron, I can't!" "Oh c'mon, why not?" he asked. "Because I've already been asked out!" she said, looking at Harry for help, who was starting at Ron as if he was stupid (which he is, after all). "Oh c'mon like anyone would ask you out! You're not even pretty!" he said, unaware of the rising tempers of both Harry and Hermione. "For your information, I was asked out right after the Transfiguration class, and right in front of you no less! And if you ask a girl out you shouldn't stare at her like she was your last hope and then insult her in the process, you idiot!" she shouted and stormed through the Portrait hole and out of the castle, tears running down her face. Ron stared at her in shock and eventually recovered enough to turn to Harry and say "completely bonkers, that girl" while shaking his head. "Your next words should better be an unreserved apology, Ron" said Harry, anger clearly visible on his face. "Why should I apologize! It's not my fault she's got her knickers in a twist!" Ron said. Harry just stared at Ron as if he was stupid (which he is, after all), disbelief written all over his face. Eventually he recovered enough to say: "That's it Ron. Our friendship is over until you apologize to Hermione. And I mean a real apology, not some half-arsed shit. If you want to be my friend again, than you have to accept Hermione, and not insult her all the time." "Of course I want to be your friend again! Not everyone is a friend of Harry Potter, after all." Ron said, unknowingly destroying his last chance at forgiveness. Harry stared at Ron with anger and shock, and then walked out of the castle in search of Hermione. ※~~~(๑・v・๑)~~~※ In the meantime, Hermione was sitting on a boulder at the lake, sobbing. She thought that Harry would ditch her in favor of Ron, like last year with the broomstick. She thought that in order to be a friend of Harry, she would have to put up with Ron, but she knew she couldn't do it anymore. Many people called them the 'Golden Trio', but the truth was that they were more like two Golden Duos since Hermione wasn't