A/N: I have wanted to do a Twilight story with the pairing of Jasper/OFC for a long time, but I never did it until now. I have read all the books and seen the movies but it has been years so I hope this turns out as well as I'm hoping it did. A/N2: A huge thank you to sparkyCSI because she didn't let me give up when I got frustrated or stuck! So thank you! Especially since I know this isn't your cup of tea. A/N3: I only own the plot and my characters, nothing else. Being the eldest daughter in her family came with the burden of responsibility. Her father and older brother had gone off to fight for the Confederate Army while she helped her mother raise her younger siblings. Three younger siblings who were too young to understand where their father and brother had gone off to. Cordelia knew though, and although she knew everything that was happening, she also knew there was nothing she could do but help her mother and pray that her brother and father came back home. After so many months of the same things repeatedly, she was getting annoyed. She could tell her mother was anxious for their family to be back together again. It had been months since the fighting had ceased and slowly, but surely the men of the neighboring families had started to trickle back home. There was no sign of her brother or her father, but she refused to give up hope. In her heart, she just knew they would be back together. What she did not know was how long she would be able to keep up her hope of her family being together again. The day had started out just like the day before had. Cordelia Johnston had taken the family's laundry down by the river to be washed. Even though her neighbors were good and kind folk, she took the family's dog with her. They had three other dogs back at the main house, so she wasn't leaving her family unprotected from any strangers that happened to come to their home. Lucan was a German Shepherd and the other three were what her father referred to as mutts. The three older dogs were working dogs when there was field work to be done, but Lucan was different. He was hers since a former neighbor of theirs gave him to her as a gift. It was a gift she treasured and promised that she would love him forever. Once the laundry had been thoroughly washed, she placed it back inside the basket that she had carried it to the river in. With her faithful dog Lucan by her side, they headed back to the house. Although it was barely mid morning, the Texas sun was beating down as if it were the early hours of the afternoon. Everyone knew what that meant, the day would only get hotter as the hours went on. As she finished pinning the wet clothes onto the clothes line, Cordelia felt her heart flutter in anticipation. There were two men riding towards the house, but she wouldn't alert her mother until she knew for sure who the riders were. It wasn't long until she knew who they were and the smile grew on her face. Picking up her skirts, Cordelia ran as fast as her legs would go. Once she reached the door, she burst inside just in time to see her mother jump in surprise from the door slamming open. Rushing to her mother's side, she took her hand into her own and pulled her outside into the Texas heat without uttering a single word. But she didn't have to because the riders were now in front of them as they dismounted from their horses. Stealing a glance at her mother she could see the unshed tears in her eyes. Her own eyes held tears as well. Tears of happiness and relief that her brother and father were back home where they belonged. The days passed and for the Johnston family everything was right. For the first time since before her father and brother left, everything was falling back into place. It made her happy to see the smile back upon her mother's face after so long. And it wasn't the fake smile she showed to the neighbors and friends that stopped by while the men of the house were away. Watching the happiness shinning on her parents faces made Cordelia hope that one day, she would find someone to love her and look at her the way her parents loved and looked at one another. That night as they sat around the table for dinner, you could cut the tension with a knife. It was off how they went from so happy to this in just a few short hours. Nothing out of the ordinary had happened in that time that she knew of to make this feeling, so she was at a loss for what to do to fix it. "Your Mother has told me how much you helped while your brother and I were gone." Glancing at her father, she nodded her head before taking a bite of her food. "She needed the help," Cordelia answered, uncertain where this conversation was going. "I knew we couldn't afford to hire extra hands so I did what I could." "Jonathan, please don't." The way her mother was pleading with her father, made Cordelia's stomach drop. Something was happening and it was obvious that her parents were not in agreement over the topic. To her that was very worrisome. "While we were gone and in between the battles, we met some very nice men. I have agreed to allow them to come to our home and meet you." "Why would you want them to meet me?" she asked, not understanding. "I don't know anything about these men." "When they come they want the chance to take you as their wife." Cordelia's eyes went wide after hearing those words come out of her father's mouth. She was truly speechless. "You wish for me to marry someone that I do not know nor do I love?" Cordelia questioned him. "What happened to the promise you made me before you left? Or was that just all a lie and nothing more?" "Cordelia…" her mother started, but stopped when she realized she did not know what to say to her eldest daughter. "You could have been married with a family of your own my now, but I did not force that upon you." "I am your second child," Cordelia said, feeling the need to remind him of that fact. "What of your son? Does he not have to marry as well?" Looking to her brother he wouldn't meet her gaze. That was enough of a statement for her. He knew this was going on and didn't warn her. She believed that he didn't care what their father was trying to do. The eldest child was the one to marry first, but it would seem that her father was making an exception to that. "When the time is right," her father said looking back and forth between his older children. "Then your brother will marry." "But only after you force me into a loveless union with someone that I have never met before." "Cordelia…" "I find that my appetite has vanished," Cordelia stated as she stood up from her seat at the table. "I think I shall go for a walk before the sun goes down." "Cordelia!" Ignoring her family's pleas to come back inside to finish her meal, she continued on her way outside. Calling for her faithful dog, Lucan, she waited for him to come to her before making her way to the great oak tree. Sitting down with her back to the trunk of the oak tree, Lucan laid down next to her with his head on her leg. Running her hand over the top of his head, she continued to pet him as she released a long sigh as a few tears she had been holding back escaped from her eyes. Her father had promised that she could decide on who she would or would not marry. Now that he had returned she was about to be forced to marry a stranger. This was not how she thought her life would be like when her family returned from the war. There was nothing she would do to change her father's mind. Running away came to mind, but where would she go? Anyone that was friendly would send word to her father at the earliest opportunity. Being so lost in her thoughts, Cordelia barely noticed that the sun had started to set. Normally she would love to look upon the colorful sky, but tonight her heart just wasn't in it. As the sun disappeared from the Texas sky, it was Lucan that brought her out of her thoughts. That was when she sensed it. She was not alone, there was something lurking nearby. She had felt this before, but this time it was much stronger. Quickly rising to her feet, Cordelia was about to head back to the house before one of her family members came searching for her. But she stopped in her tracks when she saw the woman with brown hair and blood red eyes in front of her. Everything in her told her to run, to get as far away as possible from this woman, but she couldn't. Cordelia felt as if she were rooted to the spot where she was standing. "You look terribly sad my dear," the woman said as she looked at Cordelia as if she had found her next meal. "What could a lovely thing like you have to be sad over?" "I'm fine," Cordelia lied to the strange woman as she tried not to let the woman know how much she frightened her. "Are you lost? Can I help you find where you are supposed to be?" "I'm right where I'm supposed to be," the woman said as she smiled at her. "My name is Maria." Knowing it was dangerous, but unable to forget her manners, she introduced herself to the woman who called herself Maria. "I'm Cordelia." "I've been watching you, Cordelia. I'm looking for strong bodies, but I can see that you are much more than that." "I don't understand." Grinning, Maria continued to talk. "I'm creating an army and your ability to sense danger will come to be very useful to us." "Us?" Cordelia questioned her as she looked around, but did not see anyone besides the woman in front of her. "Of course," Maria smiled. "To me and my vampire army. And you my dear are going to be one of us." Before Cordelia could utter a word or scream for help, Maria was in front of her. In the blink of an eye Maria had her on the ground with her teeth in her neck. Maria's hand had tossed Lucan away as he came to help Cordelia. It pained her to hear his cry of pain, but then he was back up and running to the house. That was the last thing she could recall before the excruciating pain set in. Glancing at the night sky, Brandon Johnston waited for his sister to come home. He knew that she needed some time to calm down. When his father had agreed to these men coming and meeting his sister, he kept quiet. It was not his place, but seeing her face when she was told about the fact she would be getting married to someone she did not know made him feel guilty. Running his hand through his hair, he heard barking. And it was getting closer. Rushing outside, he saw Lucan. Brandon felt his stomach plummet. This dog would not leave his sister's side unless there was no choice. "Father!" he yelled, as he looked around for his