James Potter let out a groan as he was kissed repeatedly by his tearful mum, who seemed to believe that if she smothered his face with slobber, he might not leave her. After what seemed like an hour, he finally wiggled free of his mother's vice-like grip, cheeks red with mortification. "Mum, we're in public!" Indeed they were. Hundreds of people along with them were at the gobsmackingly big King's Cross Station, waiting to get on a train. "Sorry, dear." She didn't seem sorry. "I just can't believe you're leaving for Hogwarts already. My little boy all grown up…". She lowered her voice at the word Hogwarts, looking around nervously. James' ears were already red as he turned to his dad, hoping not to be embarrassed further. Luckily, his dad wasn't one for big sobbing scenes, and just pulled him into a hug. "I'm going to miss you, sport." He gave James a clap on the back, letting go of him, and his green eyes shined as he said, "Make sure to give old Minnie a good time," referring to the old Gryffindor Head of House. James steered his cart, full to the brim with his trunk, a cage containing his owl Pyra, and a bag, to face the cracking stone wall between gates 9 and 10, promising, "I will, Dad!" "Don't cause much trouble," his mum said sternly, before softening her expression and adding, "I'll miss you!" "Yes Mum, you too, Mum," said James absently, his mind already filled with daydreams of the awesome things he would do at Hogwarts, the teachers he'd prank, the classes he'd skip, the Quidditch games he'd win... "See you," she said, wrapping an arm around his dad's lanky body as a tear fell down her porcelain face. James pretended not to see it, his face now tomato red, and got his cart ready. "Cheers then!" With that, he pushed his cart forward with all of his strength, running for the wall as he squeezed his eyes shut, body tense, ready for a collision that never came. Instead, he emerged on the other side to find a huge red train not even ten feet away from him. He skidded to a stop, readjusted his glasses, and blinked. As he looked around, he realized there was a train, but there was also a skinny but reasonably long brick platform where about a hundred witches and wizards had crowded, each trying to push their way through to the train. James soon joined them, dragging his cart alongside the train as he looked through the dirt-stained windows at the compartments, checking if he could wind up some people by making himself at home in their compartment, or if it was too full. As he saw that all of them so far were full, he began to wonder if he could sit on somebody's lap, annoying them even more. He laughed at that thought, before finally finding a spare compartment. There was conveniently an entrance to the train right beside that compartment, and he whirled his cart around to face it. There was an indignant squeak and a thud, and James whipped his head backward to find his owl on the ground, squirming around in her cage. "Oh! Bugger!" He picked the cage up quickly, and put her back on her original position, balancing on the top of his trunk. "Sorry, Pyra," he said ruefully. She didn't seem to accept his apology - if an owl could glare, that was what she would be doing. He patted her cage in an attempt to calm her down, and focused his attention on trying to lift his stuff off the cart and up onto the train. About five attempts later, he realized that his trunk wasn't budging, and wasn't going to. He cursed his skinny arms, and glared at the offending object as if that was going to make it grow arms and carry itself up. While he was glaring at it, a black-haired boy approached him. "Could you use some help?" The boy smirked a little. James immediately stopped glaring at an inanimate object, and imitated his smirk. "Obviously." He grinned. "This thing weighs like fifteen stone 5." The black-haired boy returned his grin, and took a side. James took another side. "On the count of three," he said. The boy nodded, and they started counting, "One… two… three!" They promptly pulled upwards with all their strength, which, admittedly, wasn't very much. The trunk lifted about six inches, then dropped back onto the cart with a resounding thunk. The boy sighed. "Darn, this thing is fat!" "HEY!" James crossed his arms and mock-glared. "My trunk has been working out lately, thank you very much!" The boy smirked again. "Sure, and you have definitely been too," he quipped sarcastically, eyes resting on James' bony arms. He gripped the dusty trunk again. "Ready?" "One… two… three!" This time, with a lot of force, effort, and cursing on the black-haired boy's part (James quickly learned he had a very dirty mouth), they finally heaved it on. Panting and sweating, James lifted his much lighter bag on, and finally, hoisted his owl's cage onto his shoulder. "Need help with yours?" James tried to make a casual lean work as he checked the time. 10:58. Two minutes until leave. The boy exhibited a perfect casual lean as he said, "Nah, I already got mine on. It's light as a feather; my -". He paused, and for the first time in the five minutes James had known him, he looked a little uncomfortable. He straightened up. "Somebody put a spell on it." "Who?" "Somebody," the boy snapped, and James decided not to push it. "My name's James Potter, what's yours?" He changed the subject, straightening up too. The boy's expression fell and his grey eyes turned - sad? This boy was a mystery. "Sirius," he said quietly, his eyes downcast. James waited, narrowing his eyes a bit. The boy - Sirius - made no move of saying anything else, and they were silent, until James broke the silence out of curiosity. "What's your last name?" he asked bluntly. Sirius snapped his eyes up, looking directly at James. "Black, okay?" he stated loudly, turning some heads. "I'm your worst freaking enemy, so you can just clear off!" He stomped off to the compartment James had wanted at first. The latter heard a very loud thud as Sirius slammed the door. "Hey-wait-" James grabbed his bag, and, dragging his trunk, ran after him as fast as he could while carrying an owl on his shoulder, a bag on his arm, and lugging a 15 stone 5 trunk. He threw open the door. "I don't give a darn!" A red-haired, red-eyed girl who had formerly had the compartment all to herself wiped her eyes and glared at them. Sirius ignored her and stared at James, narrowing his eyes. "Obviously you're a bit grumpy, but some candy could probably fix that," the latter quipped, sitting down opposite the sleek-haired boy and crossing his legs. Sirius all-out grinned at that, his mood changing faster than the train was (it had started moving without them noticing). "Well, if you insist on sitting with me, I would like some candy, and also, we'll need to do something about -" he waved his hand around James' face, causing him to blink "- all… that." A mock-insult was on the tip of his tongue, but before James could say anything smart, a sandy-haired boy with blatant scars running across his face opened the door. "Do you mind if Peter and I sit here?" he asked hesitantly. "Everywhere else is full." James spotted a tuft of blonde hair poking out behind the scarred boy's face, peered behind him and saw another boy, a little bit on the chubby side, a bag swung around his shoulder. "Nah, you're good." "Yeah," Sirius added, grinning at them, "we have tons of space." The other girl sitting in the compartment glared at them again, but didn't say anything. The sandy-haired boy half-smiled, then sat down next to James, and the other boy - Peter - followed his lead, clinging onto his hand as if it were life itself. James briefly wondered if they were dating. Sirius appeared to be thinking the same thing as he looked between the two and smirked, but didn't mention it. "So we have Peter, and…" "Remus Lupin," the sandy-haired boy said quickly. He tensed up, as if waiting for something to happen. Sirius raised his eyebrows, looking like he was about to say something, but right as he started to open his mouth, an excited squeal came from Peter, who was bouncing up and down on his seat, pointing out the door. "The candy trolley!" They all snapped their heads around to look, and the girl on the other side of the compartment glanced out, seemingly uninterested. Indeed there was a candy trolley, full to the brim with brightly coloured sweets of every shape and kind. The gold-rimmed door opened as the chubby woman who pushed the candy trolley peeked inside. "Anything from the -" She was knocked over as a squealing Peter ran out the door, put his entire bag in the cart, galleons spilling out, and grabbed all the candy he could hold. He sat down contentedly as the trolley lady got up, brushed herself off with as much dignity as she could muster after being knocked down by a screeching eleven-year-old, and glared. James ducked his head awkwardly, and fished in his pockets for money. He was able to find a Galleon and two Sickles, and placed them in the fuming lady's hand. "Say, how much Chocolate Frogs will this buy?" "Seventeen," she snapped. "And it's how many will this buy." Not in the mood to be grammar-corrected, James silently took eighteen chocolate frogs and returned to his seat, smirking. The trolley lady tried to regain her composure, and straightened up. "Is that all?" She clenched her teeth at the last word. "Dears?" Remus nodded respectfully. "Yes, that would be all, Miss…" "I forgot it," the lady said sadly. "All these years on the Hogwarts Express and nobody has given a darn about me and asked for my name." She wiped tears out of her eyes, and smiled at Remus. "Except for you, dear." She patted him on the head affectionately. "You really are a darling." Remus' cheeks went red. "Thank you," he muttered as she left. James sniggered and ripped open a Chocolate Frog, letting the card fall onto the wrapper. He stuffed it in his mouth, as another boy who looked like he needed shampoo came in and sat down next to the redhead. Sirius took no notice of that and picked up the bronze-rimmed card immediately. His mouth fell open as he read the name. "Devlin Whitehorn?! He's the bloke that made the Nimbus company!" James' eyes bulged, and he spit the remains of the Frog on Remus. "Gimme that!" He snatched it away and looked at it in wonder as Remus brushed himself off daintily. "Devlin Whitehorn (1945-present) is most well known for founding the internationally famous Nimbus racing broom company. He likes to compete in Muggle wrestling - what is that? - in his spare time." Sirius grabbed it back. "I want it!" James wrestled it out of his hands. "I paid for it!" "I still want it!" "It's mine!" "Give me it! It can be my birthday present!" "Your birthday's today?" "No, it's in November, but still.." This went on for a bit until they were interrupted by the shampoo-needing boy, who said to the girl he was sitting next to, "You'd better be in Slytherin." James promptly dropped the card. " Slytherin ?" The boy averted his eyes from the girl, and turned to glare at James, who ignored that, and continued, picking Devlin Whitehorn up, as the card had fallen on the ground. "Who'd want to be in Slytherin ? I think I'd