Alright, this is going to be weird. Greek gods don't exist, Nico's dad still left but Bianca never existed. Hazel's still around though because she's a wonderful little angel whom I love. Calypso is kind of a tramp BUT she really falls for Leo. Percy's a nerd. Jason and Piper are just added characters who aren't based off any That 70's Show characters. And there's gonna be a few pairings where we're all going to be a little confused but that's alright! Also, Reyna is totally going to have Red's attitude towards everything because we all know she thinks the 7 and Nico are dumbasses and could totally make them wear their asses as hats. Point Place, New York May 17, 1976 8:47 p.m. Location: Percy Jackson's Basement Percy listened to his parent's party going on upstairs as he tried to look anywhere but at the glaring anarchist sitting across from him. He chose instead to focus on the mess of blonde curls sitting close to him in hopes that she would rescue him from the situation with her quick wit. Instead, he found her staring at him with wide gray eyes as if he were her only source of salvation. Why was it today that she chose to see him as a hero? Next to her, a bouncy latino kid gestured wildly at him but kept his mouth firmly closed for fear that the anarchist would punch him again. With one last look behind the couch at his closest friend, the blond superman - who was currently leaning between Percy's damsel in distress and the twitchy idiot - Percy sighed in defeat. "Come on, Percy, it's time," the little anarchist's tone left no room for argument. That didn't stop Percy from trying, though. "Why can't you do it?" "It's your house!" came the obvious reply. "Yeah!" the latino shouted in agreement. "But, Nico…" Percy started to whine. Nico rolled his eyes before pointing to the ceiling. "Listen, alright, man. The party has reached critical mass. In ten minutes, there will be no more beer opportunities." Percy groaned. "If my dad catches me I'm a dead man!" "I'm willing to take that risk!" Nico replied earnestly. "Right, Leo?" The twitchy idiot nodded his head enthusiastically. "Yeah, man. Don't worry! Just remain calm, and don't stop moving." The encouragement only caused Percy to feel more nervous than before. He turned to his blonde damsel Annabeth in hopes that she would save the day with her wisdom. "And whatever you do, don't look at my dad's hair." Confusion was written across his face as he gaped at her. "Just don't look at it, Seaweed Brain!" she ordered. Percy shot out of his seat at her commanding tone but Jason grabbed his shoulders in a firm grip before he could really move. "Cold, Percy. Cold beers." He hesitantly nodded his understanding before moving to the stairs where he turned to take one final look at all his dear friends. Before his fears could take complete control, he ran up the stairs. A short walk past the stairs led him to the kitchen where he nearly tripped over his mother, Sally, as she carried a tray of pizza rolls fresh from the oven. "Oh, oh, watch it, Percy! Hot pizza rolls coming through!" She giggled drunkenly as someone called for her in the other room. "Oh, okay, take two! There's plenty! I'm coming!" Percy heard her laugh loudly in the other room before catching only a snippet of her conversation when she shouted, "I know! Vienna sausages are so versatile!" The more he tried to understand the meaning of that phrase the more his face scrunched up in horrified confusion. Eventually, he shook himself out of his thoughts to focus on the pounding of his heart as he reached for two beers. "Hey, there Percy!" exclaimed Annabeth's father from behind him. The man wobbled a bit on his feet before he threw an arm around his wife for stability, causing one of her arms to be effectively locked between them. Percy almost threw the beers out the window before remembering how that was not something a normal person would do. He had to be like Nico or Jason right now. Okay, maybe not Jason "Goody-Two-Shoes" Grace. But definitely Nico. Just remain cool and confident no matter what, he though to himself. He turned to face the two with a cocky grin. "Mr. Chase!" Percy wanted to kill himself for how his voice cracked. Marybai Chase giggled and gestured towards her husband with her free arm. "So, Percy, what do you think of Fred's hair?" For a brief, terrifying second Percy forgot Annabeth's warning as he caught a glimpse of the horrid mess that the Chases were calling hair. Percy was fairly certain that mop of curls was going to come alive and eat them in their sleep. "Uh, it's totally groovy, Mrs. Chase," he tried to morph his grimace into a smile and was fairly certain he had been successful by the way Fred Chase beamed at him. "Yeah, it was Marybai's idea. It's called a perm." Percy just nodded his head as the two left before turning back to the basement. Just as he was about to leave the kitchen, though, his father, Paul, came dashing into the kitchen with a very important question. "What the hell happened to Fred's hair?" With the beers hidden awkwardly behind his back, Percy just shrugged. "He looks like a poodle's ass," came a snarky remark from behind Percy. An arm slug itself over his shoulder as he tensed, preparing for either the beat down to end all beat downs or the wedgie of the century. Paul fixed them with a disappointed look. "Reyna, don't use the ass word. You're still in high school." Reyna was taller and stronger than any man Percy had ever seen in Point Place. Her hair was always pulled back in a braid or two, because if she moved just so she could beat you with her braid alone. She was probably the most intimidating person to ever exist, anywhere, ever. She turned to Percy as if his father hadn't said a word. "Well, what've we got here, Jackson?" Percy paled as his father caught sight of his pilfered treasures. "Son, what're you doing with those beers?" Paul narrowed his eyes as Percy scrambled for a response. Sally came dancing back into the kitchen as a timer went off for whatever food she was cooking in the oven. Drunkenly oblivious to the tension in the air, she waved giddily at the three of them. "Oh, sweetie, don't forget to talk to Percy about the Vista Cruiser, okay?" "Yes, dear," Paul replied quietly with his eyes still glued to Percy. It was at that moment that Sally decided to notice the two beers in her sixteen year old son's hands. "Oh, honey, thank you for being such a wonderful son and putting those away for us! But please take these to the basement with you before you go. We have such a fantastic and responsible son, don't we?" Percy smiled innocently as he accepted the partially empty six-pack that she handed him. Paul nodded understandingly as he patted Percy on the back, apparently too drunk to make coherent thoughts. "We really do." Without a moment's hesitation, Percy and Reyna raced down to the basement. As they descended the stairs, Reyna stole a can before she muttered, "You lucky son-of-a-bitch." (***) While they wait for Percy to return from his grand quest, Leo flipped through a Playboy magazine. He leaned over to show Nico who just punched him in the arm. Annabeth stopped her nervous pacing to see what the two were looking at. Her only response was to scoff. "I see that everyday." Heavy footfalls descended the stairs before Leo was able to retort. The group turned to find Percy holding enough beer for everyone, even the terrifying warrior standing beside him. "Hey, Reyna," Nico greeted as he grabbed a beer. As he put his aviator glasses back on, he added, "And congrats, Jackson, you survived." If Percy hadn't been so excited he probably would have taken offense to the disappointment that laced the young outcast's voice. But, as it was, Percy's mood was not going to be destroyed by some Italian piss-ant. "Good news! I'm getting the Vista Cruiser!" Leo leaped out of his seat, spilling beer all over his shirt and pants in the process. "A car!? Can I…" "No! No, no, no! You are not to go anywhere near my car with your tools!" Percy shouted, cursing himself for the way his voice cracked several times. Jason slapped him on the shoulder as he grabbed a beer. "Nice, Jackson!" Annabeth slid up next to him as she pulled a beer out of the case. "Have I ever told you how incredibly attractive you are, Seaweed Brain?" Percy shook his head quietly, fearful that his voice would crack again. Leo snickered. "You told me he was cute." Reyna climbed over the couch to sit next to Leo as Annabeth slapped him upside the head. "No, I didn't. Shut up." She moved to sit on the arm of the couch next to Reyna, turning away slightly to hide her growing blush. "Yeah, you did! I remember because you told me not to say anything in front of Percy," Leo blew a raspberry towards Annabeth. Percy tried as hard as he could to fight the blush creeping over his cheeks. Nico kicked his legs up on the coffee table in front of him as he popped open his beer. "Let's focus on what's really important here. Jackson stole something." Resting a hip on the back of the couch and raising his beer, Jason made a toast, "To Jackson and his future criminal record!" The rest of the group repeated the toast as Percy sat on the available arm of the couch between Nico and Leo. "You know what's sad? This is the proudest day of my life." Nico leaned across the gap between his chair and the couch to pat his back as Percy pretended to break down in tears. (***) "Wow, Marsha! Your nose is so big!" Percy said in a falsetto as they watched television with the sound off. "Is it really that big?" Annabeth asked with mock concern. Percy continued, "Don't worry, though, size doesn't really matter!" "Okay, so long as it doesn't get as big as my boobs," Annabeth joked. From the other side of the room Leo stared at them in confusion next to his boyfriend, Will Solace. "Why are we watching without the sound? I'm so confused." Solace looked at Annabeth with a look that seemed to ask "Why am I dating this idiot". No one really understood why the goody-goody, sophomore class president Will Solace was dating the king of idiots. However, everyone knew Leo was only dating Solace because he was one of the hottest guys at school with his golden tan, blond hair, freckles, and blinding smile. The door to the basement opened up as Hazel came bounding inside followed closely by her trusty sidekick, Frank. Her golden hair stuck up in every direction even with the rain clinging heavily to every strand. Frank towered over everyone. He was Asian and spoke with a heavy accent as he had only recently come to America through a foreign exchange program. Ever since he'd started high school in Point Place he had followed Hazel everywhere like a lost puppy. Not that she minded the attention. "So, I hear Sally and Paul got a Camaro! Does that mean the Vista Cruiser's for sale?" Hazel joked. She bent down to place her hands on the arm of the couch and Frank blushed a deep scarlet as he attempted to move around her. "Ha ha ha. No." Percy stuck his tongue out at her. "The Vista Cruiser is all mine, baby." "So, you guys are going to the concert