So, this is my first story on this account and I decided to start it off with a one-shot. I do not have a beta so all mistakes are mine. DISCLAIMER: All characters belong to Stephanie Meyer. "Bella, can you please get the VIP section? Boss wants to talk to me," a tall girl with dark hair pulled back in a messy ponytail asked Bella Swan with pleading eyes behind black framed glasses. "I got it Angela, go ahead," Bella said, shooing her friend away. Angela gave a relieved smile before disappearing around the corner. Bella finished wiping the bar down before she looked to the VIP lounge, already knowing what she was going to see: Edward Cullen was there with his cronies, just as he has been every Friday night for the last year that she has worked there. He was leaning back on the red leather couch in a position that screamed ease and confidence as made up blow up dolls fawned over him in five inch heels and short dresses that showed off their balloon boobs. Yes, she might have been just a bit jealous. But who wouldn't be? Edward Cullen was like sex on legs. The top of his head reminded her of a shiny penny and sex hair; it was covered in a disarray of bronze colored locks. His eyes were a piercing green that looked like emeralds. His skin was fair without being pasty and his pouty red lips were framed by a sharp jaw that was just begging to be licked. His body was lean, but still muscular enough to fill out his button up black shirt that was unbuttoned just enough at the top yo give Bella a peak of his muscular chest. He was tall, just over 6 feet maybe and, as mentioned before, sex on legs. He was completely gorgeous and sexy and completely out of her league. The brown haired waitress sighed as she finished her weekly oggling before she turned to grab her notebook and pen, wishing she had worn something other than her comfortable chucks tonight. As she got closer to where the elite group was sitting she could hear the obsessive giggling of the barbies and she rolled her eyes at their predictability. Despite her annoyance, Bella forced a bright smile and held up her pad of paper, "Hey guys, my name is Bella and I will be your waitress tonight, would you like to start off with appetizers or drinks?" She repeated her well rehearsed line. Emerald green eyes looked up to acknowledge her briefly before darting around his group, "What do you think girls? Wanna get some food in those bodies before the shots?" He smirked at the sounds of agreements before he turned back to Bella, "We'll take a plate of wings with dipping sauce, thanks sweetheart." He finished with a wink before turning his attention back to the fawning women, dismissing Bella. She wrote down the order before going back to the kitchen where her best friend, Alice, who, coincidentally, was the Chef as well was working away. "An order of wings and dipping sauce, Ali." Bella sat down at the small table in there as Alice put together the order and huffed, "You'd think after a year of serving that ass he would be civil enough to acknowledge me." Alice sat down with her and rubbed her back, "Hey, hon, he'll come around, you're gorgeous, he'd be fool not to see that." Bella tried to force a smile, "I don't even know why I like that douche, he wouldn't be anything special without his looks, but damn Alice! Have you seen that guy?" Alice laughed, "Of course I have, and if I didn't have Jazzy, I would be even more frazzled over him than you are!" Bella laughed before her depressing thoughts caught up with her again and she sighed. "I guess I'm just not his type, I should just accept that and move on," she said somberly. "Oh come on!" Alice suddenly burst out, "What do they have that you don't?" "Let's see," Bella laughed dryly, "They're tall for one, they're flirtatious and outgoing, living the fast life. They're flashy. Oh! And don't forget they have butts and racks!" "You have a butt and rack!" Her tiny friend argued, referring to Bella's filled out jeans and B- cups, "And you have brains! Not many people are able to make it through two full years of college just on scholarships!" Bella thought that over for a bit, she was was about to start her senior year of college, and had gotten this job when her scholarship funds ran out at the end of her Sophomore year, "Yeah, but what's the point of all that studying if he obviously likes them dumb?" Alice could see that she wasn't getting anywhere fast with her friend so she stood up and handed her the order, "Whatever, Bella, you're a catch. Just go out there and serve Edward Cullen's fine ass with confidence!" Bella laughed as she took the platter and headed back to the VIP section. She kept Alice's words in mind as she approached them, "Here we are," she leaned over and set the platter on the table at Edwards feet. "Anythings else," she asked, standing back up and getting her notepad ready. At Edward's silence she looked up and caught him staring at her breasts with a dark look in his eyes. She smirked with new found confidence and cleared her throat for his attention. His eyes snapped back to hers and she raised an eyebrow at him but didn't say anything. Edward got his wits back and smirked his panty dropping smirk at the brunet, Don't think I've ever seen her before, he thought, she must be new, but damn she's hot! He realized that he hadn't ordered any drinks yet and kept eye contact as he replied, "We'll take a round of shots with some salt and limes." He watched her chew on her pouty bottom lip as she wrote down the order and decided that later tonight, he was going to do that. "That it?" The nameless waitress asked, bringing her wide brown eyes back to him. He nodded and smirked, "For now." Bella nodded and turned to walk away, but not before she heard the bleach blond with fake tits on Edward's right whisper an insult to her friends about her chucks. One thing that irks Bella enough to have a confrontation is an insult to her beloved chucks. "I'm sorry," She turned to the blond with a sickly sweet smile, "Did you have a problem with my shoes?" The blond turned away from her friend and flipped her hair over her bare shoulder, "Actually, yes," she replied, "I'm not comfortable being served by someone in such a, "she paused to scan Bella from top to bottom and back, "low class." She finished off with a smirk. Bella tightened her jaw at the insult, "I'm sorry, your highness , but that's the difference between you and me, you can afford five inch heels, I can't; you can afford a boob job, when honestly, if I could, I wouldn't want one," she smiled sweetly before leaning down to whisper in the blonds ear in a low voice but loud enough for everyone in the group to hear her, "And by the way, you might want to renew that purchase, you're left one's looking a little flat, toots." With that, Bella straightened before spinning on her heel and heading for the bar. "Holy shit," Edward mumbled under his breath, he couldn't help it, that was hot. He also couldn't help but admire her tight ass in her jeans as she walked away, they were definitely going to be properly introduced later. For the next half hour, Edward kept his focus on the brunet waitress across the bar. Her brown hair was long and fell freely down to the middle of her back, she was short, probably around 5' 4", and while he usually found himself attracted to tall girls with long legs, there was something about her short body, and her legs were still pretty fantastic. She was curved more than any of the other girls around him and when she threw her head back laughing at something her friend said, he felt the desire to mark up the skin of her neck. Unfortunately, their shots and drinks were brought to them by a different waiter and he didn't get another up close view of her spectacular tits. Some may say they were small, but from as far as he could see, they would be perfect handfuls for him, and that was sexy as hell. He couldn't tear his eyes off of her even as the ladies around him took body shots off of each other, trying to get his attention. She was working behind the bar now and his back stiffened as he saw a dark haired guy with a big smile approach her with leery eyes. Edward watched as the brunet blushed at something the guy said and lost all of his patience. He stood up and made his way to the bar, ignoring the girls around him as they gasped and fell over themselves to get out of his way as he wasn't going to wait for them. Bella was trying to move on to another guy waiting at the bar, but this Jacob guy, as he had introduced himself, wasn't letting her leave, "So, when do you get off?" Bella didn't miss the double meaning and resisted the urge to roll her eyes, barely. "I'm closing," She answered shortly. Jacob grinned a wolfish grin, "Why don't you let me walk you home, a beautiful girl like you shouldn't be alone at night." Again with the double meaning. Despite the fact that she was not at all flattered, Bella blushed at his words, cursing the trait. Jacob grinned again, pleased that he was having an affect on her. Bella looked back up, ready to answer him when a smooth voice interrupted, "Excuse me, but I need to sit there." Edward stood behind the dweeb and shot daggers at him as he turned around, "No way, man, I was hear first, get your own spot." Edward hardened his stare and said in a low, deep voice, "I said, I need to sit there. Now move before I make you." He kept his gaze steady on the kid as he stood up and practically ran away in fright, giving his seat up to Edward who sat down without hesitation and lifted his eyes to Bella who was frozen behind the bar. She had just seen a side of Edward that was demanding and frightening, and, for Bella, a complete turn on. She finally broke out her reverie with a somewhat breathy laugh that she hoped he didn't notice and finally spoke, "While I don't exactly think that your technique was good, I'm gonna have to thank you for getting rid of him, he was holding up the business." Edward smirked, "I assure you, my technique is always the best." While she should have found double meanings annoying by now, she couldn't help but blush at Edwards innuendo. "Right, well," She cleared her throat, "what can I get for you?" "Just your name." "Excuse me?" "Well, I need to know that name of the waitress serving me, don't I?" Edward didn't understand the slight anger he saw in her eyes as she cocked her hip, "Do you always make it a point to learn your servers' names?" "Only the important ones," He winked. Instead of giggling or batting her eyelashes as he hoped she would, the waitress muttered, "Unbelievable," before picking her rag up and pointedly ignoring him as she worked on cleaning the counter. Edward looked around him, wondering if something else was causing her reaction. He was shocked when he found that more time had passed than he