They'll fight like children . That's what Jasper had said. There were two rules. One. Don't let them get their arms around you. A newborn's strength is nothing to mess around with. Two. Don't go for the obvious kill. That's all their prepared for. The newborn army, created by a vampire named Victoria, was moving. Alice had been watching as best she could, trying to follow snap decisions and barely-there plans. Victoria was probably doing that on purpose. Her coven had once included her mate, James, and another vampire, Laurent. James, incidentally, had hunted Alice as a human, but had ceased his hunt when she'd been changed by another vampire, bitter at the loss. No one escaped him. He'd flown into a rage when they'd come across her a few months ago, and his death had been delivered swiftly by Jasper, who was every bit as intimidating and skilled as his hundreds of battles scars suggested. Victoria, it seemed, still held a bitter grudge, and had abandoned Laurent. Laurent had spent some time with the Denali Coven up north and had gotten an irritatingly good understanding of Alice's unique talent. Chances were that before his death, Laurent had explained her gift to Victoria, not truly understanding how bitter she remained about the loss of her mate. We weren't sure why he'd been so far south – especially if he'd been spending time up in Denali, but he made a fatal mistake: he went through the Quileute reservation. He couldn't have known – not even the Denalis knew – that the vampire-hunters lurked on the reservation, deeming themselves the protectors of the people of Forks and the surrounding area from vampires. His death must have been brutal, but we couldn't fault the wolves, who'd seen the burgundy-eyed vampire on their land. They were doing what they were made to do. At the time, I couldn't have imagined a situation where we would have allied ourselves with the wolves. But as the army mobilized, coming toward us with the intention of killing all of us and taking our territory – and the humans with it – the wolves had seized the opportunity. Some twenty newborns could not be allowed to rampage their way through Washington. At least, that's what we'd thought. With ten wolves and seven vampires, we'd thought ourselves prepared to deal with the twenty newborns. And we could have. If there'd been twenty. Five more should not have had too much of an affect, but it was clear that these five were older, better trained. More in control of themselves and therefore stronger fighters. The wolves howled angrily into the night as they fought the red-eyed vampires. At least in that respect, we knew we'd caught them by surprise. They'd had no idea the giant beasts would be waiting for them. But we were beginning to crack under the extra weight of the trained fighters. Through the thoughts of my family I could see Jasper trying to do too much, desperate to protect Alice, though she was more than capable of looking after herself. But having his mate in the midst of the fighting seemed to have severally impeded Jasper's ability to think clearly. We were outnumbered and beginning to lose. I winced when a one of the pack's shoulder was shattered, feeling it as though it were my own, and the brief second of distraction was enough for a newborn to get its arms around me, its spur-of-the-moment decision preventing me from seeing it his mind on time. But it seemed the second the tight arms were in place, they were ripped away, and I staggered with the sudden force. The dismembered arms lay in front of me, the body hopefully being ripped to shreds. I had no time to ponder on my rescuer, throwing myself into the battle with more determination than before. Howls continued to sound in my ears, ringing out over the screeches of the newborns as they were torn apart by my family, and the tides seemed to turn as a new presence joined the fight. The newcomer was the extra push we needed, and one by one, limb by limb, the newborn army was destroyed. As soon as I was certain no hidden newborn vampires were near me, I turned to face our recent ally. She was of average height, and had long, chestnut coloured hair that reached her mid-back. Her skin was the usual pale, diamond-solid texture as mine, mostly covered by a utilitarian wardrobe – dark blue jeans, what must have been a simple back t-shirt, and a black leather jacket. Her eyes shone bright red. On instinct, my lips pulled into a threatening snarl and I dropped into a crouch, ready to attack if this was a ploy. She held her hands up in the universal gesture for I surrender , stepping away from me to create space between the two of us. "I'm on your side," she told me in her pleasant alto, her pronunciation slow and deliberate. I searched her mind for deception or trickery, not wanting to be lulled into a false sense of security. Nothing . My eyes widened in surprise. I'd never met anyone – human or vampire alike – who could resist my gift. I tried again, to no avail. It was like there was no one there, except she clearly was – I could hear her breathing, see her, smell her. She was certainly there. "Edward?" Alice's voice cut through my thoughts, bringing me back to the presence. I raised my eyebrows at the newcomer, who didn't seem hostile now that we were no longer being attacked, and she nodded. The two of us made quick work of gathering up each piece of torn-vampire to throw it on the flame that had already been set in a clearing only a few feet away, making sure not to leave a single piece behind as we did so. My family's eyes widened when the newcomer stepped into the clearing with me, her fair share of newborn in her arms. Rosalie hissed and Emmett and Jasper dropped into crouches, ready to attack, but I shook my head at them. Edward, is this one of the newborns ? Jasper asked in my mind, stress emanating from him. I shook my head slightly. You're sure? I nodded. He relaxed slightly, but I could see distrust on his features, and he was careful to stand between the newcomer and Alice, who was watching her with wide, curious eyes. Once we were certain nothing was left of the newborns, the foul-smelling smoke rising into the air, I turned to her, waiting for an explanation. The wolves had gone, presumably to get away before the Volturi saw them. Her grin was somewhat feral, and probably would have frightened a human, but to me it looked like amusement – as though she'd enjoyed taking part in the fight. "My name is –" " Isabella ," Emmett's choked voice sounded from behind, and I whirled to look at him in shock. He was staring at the newcomer with wide, disbelieving eyes, his mind repeatedly stuck on how is she here ? Rosalie tensed next to him, disliking this unusual behaviour from her mate, and she glowered at the newcomer. I turned to look back at the chestnut-haired vampire, who was looking at Emmett with eyes, mouth hanging in a small 'O' shape. I could still hear nothing from her mind. " Emmett?" her voice was barely above a whisper as she regarded him. She moved forward in slow steps, completely ignoring Rose's warning hiss, until she was only a few feet away. Emmett closed the distance, and when he was close enough his hand outstretched and he carefully ran his fingers along the side of her face. She's alive, she's alive, she's alive… an instant later, he was wrapping her in a tight hug, and her arms returned the embrace, holding him in what looked like a vice-like grip. It was slightly comical, if I was being honest. At 6'5", Emmett was at least a foot taller, and had to bend awkwardly to hold the smaller female. She's alive, she's alive, she's alive … Edward, what's going on? That was Carlisle's calm voice, and I shook my head slightly, unsure what to tell him. Rosalie's loud growl seemed to snap the two back to reality, and Emmett stepped away from the newcomer, who seemed reluctant to let go of him completely and kept a hold of his hand. I heard Rose's teeth grind together. "Who are you?" Alice asked the question on everyone's mind, peeking around Jasper like a curious child. The newcomer blinked several times before looking at her, and then each other member of the family, lingering on me for a moment before returning her gaze to Emmett. She took a deep breath before speaking, and again I was struck by the pleasantness of her smooth, alto voice. "My name is Isabella McCarty," she said, her voice just above a whisper. "I'm Emmett's little sister." Shock rang out from each family member's mind, their eyes on the two. Was it possible? I wracked my mind for any information on Emmett's sister – anything he might have said – but came up short. Again, it was Alice who spoke first. "Can we get back to this later? One minute until the Volturi get here." And just like that, we snapped to attention, our eyes straining to make out the inevitable dark shapes of the guard. The rose out of the mist like ghosts, moving slowly and soundlessly against the charred grassed. "Hmm," a bored, dead voice sounded from the figure in the front, the smallest by at least two feet. A hood was pushed back to reveal Jane's angelic face, her features empty and her eyes blazing red. She carefully took in the pyre and the eight of us standing around it. "I don't understand." She said in her usual dead tone. "They were sent to destroy us," I spoke up, my chin held high. Jane's gaze snapped to mine. "Why?" "Their creator was angry. She wanted revenge on Jasper for killing her mate." I explained simply, not wanting to draw this meeting out. Jane's eyes flicked lazily over to Jasper. "And where is the creator now?" He gestured to the pyre, his posture remaining stiff. "Hmm," Jane said again. "How many were there?" "Our original guess was twenty. It was actually twenty-five." I told her, seeing her eyes widen slightly and her back stiffen. "They were inexperienced." I said quickly. "New. Stupid." "I see." Jane said, and I could hear her mulling the information over in her mind, preparing what she would say to Aro. Regardless of what she said, she was impressed – twenty-five newborns versus eight mature vampires should not have been in our favour. "You seem to have done out job for us today." She nodded to Carlisle, her eyes blank again. "Carlisle, Aro hoped we would get far enough west to see you. He sends his regards." "As you'll send mine to his, I hope," Carlisle said, the picture of ease save for the turmoil in his mind. Jane's lips pressed together as she looked us over, and I heard her wonder if she should punish us for doing their duty, for fighting…we'd shown we were stronger than the Volturi thought, and perhaps she should leave us with a warning… I winced in anticipation when she turned her fiery gaze on Rosalie, who was glaring at her in distance. A smile grew on Jane's face and she hurled her power at my sister, eager to watch her writhe and burn, to leave an impression on us, to remind us that we weren't as strong as them… Nothing happened. Jane's eyes widened slightly and she tried again, more force behind the throw. Nothing. I didn't understand. I'd never seen anyone resist Jane's fire before – why was it not