Disclaimer: (My one-time only disclaimer) I, to my immense sadness, do not own Harry Potter or any of it's characters or worlds. A/N: Hello to all of my lovely readers! I know, I know. I'm practically AWOL for months and now two chapters, from two stories in one day! I promise though. Both stories are completely finished and now it's just upload time. I am still working on other stories and I swear that I hope to have something to start posting before I run out of chapters to upload :D This story is 11 chapters long and will also follow a MWF upload until it's completely uploaded! So please R&R. I love hearing from you! -Casper Her world was spinning. There could have been a dragon in the room for all she knew. The girl, no woman, normally so well respected for both her intelligence and her levelheadedness in any situation, stood silent. Her normally active brain had a single thought running through it. The fact that the man had left the room bothered her not. His presence was what had kept her feet rooted to the floor when she had walked in. But even after he had left, she didn't attempt to move. Her composed face, which hadn't wavered once when she walked through the door, stayed calm looking as she forced her feet forward. When she reached the middle of the room, she knelt to the floor. The only show of emotion the woman exhibited was a slight trembling of her hand as she reached forward. When she made contact and residual warmth permeated her hand, a soft cry escaped her. Her eyes glazed over as she looked down at the pale body in front of her. She gently brushed the hair to the side and learned forward to press a kiss to their forehead. She looked down at her left forearm and then back down at the body in front of her. She closed her eyes before standing up. Steady on her feet, she opened her eyes, emotion swirling throughout them. A resolute look fell upon her face and, not giving herself one last look behind her, she strode from the room. "So is there a reason that you've insisted that we get together?" Draco drawled from the couch where he lay on Pansy's lap. Kat shot him an unimpressed look and returned to swirling the firewhiskey around in her glass. A swooshing noise alerted Kat to the arrival of the last member of their group. "How nice of you to finally join us." "I hate to keep you all eagerly awaiting me, but it couldn't be helped." Kat repressed her frustration at the Italian. Sometimes she would see something beneath the devil may care attitude; but every time she began to think that there was more to him than a rich playboy, he proved her wrong. She waited until they were all sitting down before casting silencing charms around the room. Satisfied, she looked right at them. "I've decided to defect." "Please tell me you're messing with us." Pansy pleaded after five minutes of silence. Most people would have thought that she was being cowardly, but one look at her face would've shown that the only emotion she felt was fear, fear for her friend. "Is this something that I'd joke around with? You lot seem to have forgotten that I am the only one here who has killed someone. With this decision, it's going to come out and I have nothing to gain from that. I would never joke about something like this." "Then why? We've all thought about it. Proud Slytherins we may be but that doesn't make us evil." "Theo's right." Daphne agreed. "I may not like muggles, but that doesn't mean that I want them dead." Kat stayed silent while she prepared herself to say what she hadn't even allowed herself to think about. "Isabelle is dead." A shocked silence fell over the room. The sweet kind-hearted young girl had been much loved by everybody in the room. The news hit them hard, but they couldn't imagine what Katherine was feeling. "When?" Kat didn't know who spoke. Her face was facing the ground in an attempt to hide her tears. "Today. I arrived back to the manor just after." "Was it?..." The one question that everyone wanted to know the answer to didn't require more words. "Yes." "How could he? I mean, I know he's insane. He makes Theo's father seem downright lovable, sorry Theo." Theo just shook his head in agreement and Draco continued to rant. "But to kill your own daughter?! She was five years old for Merlin's sake." Daphne spoke up hesitantly. "Do you know what happened?" "He said that he was trying to teach her a lesson. His exact words after was 'if she can't even handle a few Crucios, then what good is she?' " Kat paused for a moment to clear her throat. "Her body just wasn't strong enough." "Crucio? You father crucioed your sister to death? Who crucios a child?!" "My father." Kat replied bluntly and without a trace of emotion. "Wait did he?.." Draco began to ask but one look at Kat's face answered his question. "Why didn't you ever tell me?!" He raged as he jumped to his feet. "You didn't need to know. You wouldn't have been able to stay calm around him if you knew." He sank wearily into the chair and Kat wandered over to him and kissed him on the cheek. "Thank you for your concern though." "Did anyone know?" "Uncle Lucius. Why do you think that the two of us would have little meetings whenever I got here? He'd heal me. While I never told Aunt Narcissa, I'm positive that she knows." Kat admitted. "I know that I'm putting you all in a bind. But I trust you. I'm not asking for you to join me, I just... I may need some assistance before this is all over." "I'm in." Kat swiveled to look at Blaise. "I'm not joking around Zabini." "I'm not either. I said I'm with you Katherine. When I say that I'll pass information, I know exactly what that entails." Kat stared in shock at the extremely serious Blaise. "I'm in." "Me too." "Of course I am." Kat turned to look at the last member of their group who hadn't spoken. "Draco?" "Do you even have to ask? I'm in too." The supporting smiles around the group was too much for Kat to bear and she burst into tears. She continued to sob even as someone sank into her chair with her and pulled her to their chest. The exhaustion finally catching up with her, she sank into a deep sleep. Kat woke to someone running their fingers through her hair. She sighed softly before realizing that the chest she was leaning against was flat. She opened her eyes and they darted across the room. Pansy and Draco were curled up on the couch together watching Daphne and Theo play chess. She twisted her head and confirmed that it was Blaise that she was leaning against. He saw her looking at him and he smiled softly. "They haven't noticed that you're up yet. Let's just stay like this for a few more minutes." Normally she would have protested, but she didn't have the energy to argue with him. A part of her also had to admit that she was extremely comfortable in Blaise's arms, not that he had to know that of course. The two of them sat in a peaceful silence, just enjoying the comfort of their friends. "Kat! You're awake!" She was jolted out of her relaxed and floating state. She looked over to see a chagrined Daphne smiling at her. "I have been for a while, but I didn't want to bother you all." Kat knew that the two of them were attracting attention, Blaise and her had a long history of sniping at each other; thankfully Daphne brought the attention back to her when she spoke again. "Are you feeling better?" She asked softly. "Yes. Thank you and I'm sorry." "No need. Unlike with the rest of our house, we're actually friends. You don't have to be strong all the time. Besides, if you can't cry in front of us, then who can you cry in front of?" Blaise's chest rumbled as he responded. "Says you. I've known Katherine for years and I've never once seen her cry." "Well if I haven't, then I don't know why you think you would." Draco mumbled and Pansy shot him a glare. "Draco, stop being such a ponce." She chastised. Draco narrowed his gaze but Kat shot upright and interrupted him. "Somebody's coming." There was a flurry of movement as they all rushed to sit in an acceptable manor. Kat hurriedly cast a few glamour charms and removed her detection and silencing charms just as the door opened. Narcissa rushed in, followed closely by Lucius. Narcissa's eyes glistened with tears and she rushed forward and pulled Kat into her arms. "Oh my dear. I'm so sorry, we just heard." Kat gratefully returned the hug of the woman who had been a mother to her over the last five years. "You do know what I'm talking about yes?" Narcissa asked as she pulled back and inspected Kat's face. Kat nodded and waved her wand, releasing her glamours. Even Lucius's face showed signs of anger at Kat's blotchy face. "I don't think I've ever seen remnants that you've ever cried. Please don't tell me that you were there?" Lucius asked. Kat let out a dry laugh. "What do you think? If I had been there then she'd be alive and he'd be dead. I arrived no more than a few minutes late." "Dear Katherine." Narcissa rubbed Kat's face lovingly. "Would you like to stay here tonight?" "I would love to but..." Kat looked over at Draco and he gave her a slight nod. "What have you six done?" Lucius asked. "Done?" Narcissa looked to her husband for clarification. "They're plotting something." Despite knowing that she could, and had, trust them both; Kat still hesitated. A hand touched her lower back and began to rub in comfortable circles. She breathed deeply and shot Blaise a grateful smile. She quickly raised her wand and recast her wards from earlier. "I've decided to defect. Well offer my services as a spy anyways." Narcissa gasped but Lucius only nodded his head. "I thought as much." He frowned at the shocked faces around him. "What? I am observant, and I know Katherine well. She's been at our home often for the last decade and a half. I suppose the rest of you are going to do the same?" "Yes." Draco stated as he thrust his chin upward slightly. Lucius smiled proudly at his son. "Of course we'll help as much as we can." Kat snuck a glance at Narcissa who grinned at the younger girl. "Lucius and I have been talking about it for years. But with Draco." "Mother. You had to know that I'd..." "It was a decision that you needed to come to yourself Draco." "I understand. Thank you." Lucius nodded at Draco before returning his gaze back to the room at large. "Do you all have a plan?" "Umm not yet." "I have a plan." Everyone spun to stare at Kat. She looked at them all, amused at their shock. "Did you really think that I'd come over here without a plan?" "She's got a point. She's always prepared. There's probably a Plan A,B,C and D just in case." Blaise teased and a grin shot across her face. "You should have known. I'm not like Blaise, the man always without a plan." The atmosphere in the room brightened slightly at the banter and stayed that way, despite the serious topic. "What's your plan?" Kat turned and spoke to Lucius, knowing that he was the one who would