Chapter 1 Green was all he saw. Green eyes opened to somewhere he didn't recognize. It looked like a train station, as there were large stone columns spread throughout the area. However, everything was white in every direction. It was like every other color had been sapped from the world. Four year old Harry Potter looked around, lost. "Where…Where am I?" He twisted around, panic setting in. "Mum! Dad!" he yelled. "Where are you!?" "They're not here." He whirled around and spotted someone. This new man looked startlingly like Harry's father. He was about the same size as James Potter, standing near two meters tall. He had the same shaggy black hair that Harry shared with his father. There was only one noticeable difference. The eyes. The man's eyes were just like his mother's. Young Harry shied away from this new presence. He scampered behind the nearest pillar to hide. The other man didn't chase after him, so he peeked back around the corner. Harry then asked, "Who...Who are you?" The man smiled kindly. His face looked youthful but seemed to hold ages of experience. He kneeled so he was at Harry's eye level. "I'm someone who knows you," he answered. "Better than anyone." "But… But I don't know you." Again, he smiled. He reached up and brushed aside his hair, revealing a faded lightning bolt-shaped scar on his forehead. "It's a little complicated, but I promise you'll know who I am one day. For now, I'm your friend." Harry didn't know why, but he felt… something that connected the two of them. He came out from behind the pillar, nervously wringing his hands over his stomach. That same something was telling him he could trust this person, so he asked, "Where am I? What happened to Mum and Dad? Why am I alone?" He sniffled once. The last thing his dad had told him was to stay strong, so he would. Harry wouldn't cry. No matter what, he'd stay strong. The man's smile went sad – like when James had talked about Uncle Lupin. He asked, "What's the last thing you remember?" "The bad man," Harry responded immediately. That serpentine face was not one he would ever forget. "He was gonna' hurt Mum and Jasmine. I didn't let him." "No. You didn't." The man stood. "You were brave to do that." "I…" Harry tried to remember what had happened next, but it was hazy. It was like he was trying to grab something that he knew was there but couldn't see in the fog. "I think it was green?" He looked up at the man, sad he couldn't say more. "It was." The man nodded sadly. "You saved your mum and your sister from that bad man, but…" he trailed off, uncertain how to continue. "But the bad man still hurt them." "But you said I saved them!" Harry protested. "You did. But…" He exhaled. The man ran his hand down his face, a resigned look present. "There's no easy way to say this, Harry – god, that feels weird to say out loud now matter how many times I do." Harry tilted his head curiously. This man wasn't making sense to him. "You're dead, Harry," he finally told him. "Voldemort – or Riddle, rather – killed you when you protected Mum." Harry froze. He barely registered the words for a few seconds. That…can't… he thought. He looked around again, once more taking in the setting. "But…" His voice cracked. "Am I really…" "Yes. I'm sorry." The man walked to him and laid a comforting hand on his shoulder. For some reason, that same something from earlier seemed to calm Harry down. He wanted to shout, but that something wouldn't let him. He wanted to cry, but his Dad's last words wouldn't let him. He had so many emotions raging through him simultaneously that nothing could take over. In some ways, because of this, he was almost numb to this discovery. The man squeezed his shoulder, making him look up. The man said, "This is the entrance to the afterlife." That made him look around at everything once more. "A train station?" he asked in disbelief. He hadn't thought about the afterlife before, but he thought the entrance would be something… more . "Not necessarily." The man let go and walked to a bench that Harry could swear wasn't there a second ago. He sat down and informed him, "I call this place 'The Waiting Room'. It looks different depending on the person. At times, it's Kings Cross Station – like now. That's what it usually is for us, though I've seen the Gryffindor Common Room used every once in a while. He looked around with a sad look in his eyes. "I think this is just our default setting." "Huh?" None of that made any sense to him. The man chuckled once, a grin tugging at his lips. "I forget how young you are. I haven't met one as young as you before." He waved his hand and a pair of drinking glasses appeared. He set one next to him on the bench and pulled an amber bottle seemingly from the air. He filled his own and downed it with a single gulp. "The last one deserves a double," he murmured, wiping his lips. Young Harry walked over to the bench, looking at the man oddly. "You're weird," he at last said. The man let out a few chortles. "You're not the first to say that, though you are the last." He stood up. He downed his glass again and tossed the now-empty bottle onto the train tracks. Though there was no sound of glass breaking. "Litterbug!" Harry pointed and yelled. His mother had all but beaten it into his head how littering was bad, so there was no way he'd let someone get away with it. The man gave him a brief glance before bursting into hysterical laughter. The laugh was so loud that it was like he hadn't laughed in years. Harry just stared at the man, uncertain how to react. The man soon calmed down. He now stood with more mirth than Harry could understand being present. "Sorry," he said between giggles. "I haven't been taken to task in a long time, and the fact I'm the one who did it is just too funny." Harry tilted his head, uncomprehending. "You are weird," he repeated. "You'll understand why when you're older." The man waved his hand in front of him and everything around them turned to black. Harry gasped, taking a step back. He whirled around, wondering what had just happened. No matter where he looked, there was only unfathomable emptiness. It was as if nothing but him and the other man existed in the abyss. "Harry." All humor was now gone from the man's face. The seriousness was intimidating to the young boy. "I need you to listen closely. I want you to promise me that you'll remember everything I'm about to tell you. I can even guarantee you will if you make that promise." Harry gulped. He didn't know what had changed – for either the setting or the man – but that something again was nearly screaming at him to listen and do as he's told. Harry nodded. "You need to say it." He gulped again. Harry stammered, "I-I promise." A strange sensation enveloped him, making the hairs on his arms stand up straight. It was like something new had wrapped itself across his insides and refused to let go, though it wasn't an unpleasant feeling. The man nodded. "Good." He held out his hand and a strange green energy mass appeared over his palm. "This is the soul shard Voldemort lost when he hit you with his curse. Normally, it would find the nearest magical vessel to latch onto. In many worlds, that winds up being your sister. In some others, your mother. That won't happen this time. This time, it's staying with you." Harry didn't understand everything being said, but the thought of that green…thing inside his family made his skin crawl. However, that same something was telling him to not say anything yet, so he listened to it and then the man again. The man continued, "Death hasn't been pleased with me as her Master as of late. She did something that's nearly severed my connection with her. I can feel that, after I help you, she'll be able to overtake me." He grinned. "But I don't plan on letting her. You see, I've come up with an idea that helps all of us – you the most." He held out his other hand now. This one had two energies like the one in his other hand, but these were both different colors. One was startlingly gold; the other bright red. The man then continued, "The gold one is a fragment of my living soul, and the red one here is your own soul. You see, I've learned quite a lot about souls since I became Death's Master. "Now," he said, "I can even manipulate them a little. I can even do this." Harry watched, amazed, as the red and gold energies seemed to merge together. The finished mass retained the red's primary color, though it was now larger and much brighter and had a few streaks of gold mixed in. The man's smile was so large it practically split his face. "Just as I thought!" he exclaimed. "What I'm doing," he explained to Harry, "is merging my own living soul, with all its knowledge and experiences, with yours. That means you'll gain everything I knew while I was alive. Unfortunately, everything afterward is impossible, and the reasons for that are extremely complicated so I won't go into them. "Something I've noticed though," he said and held the green energy next to the red one, "is that the Voldemort in your world is obscenely overpowered. Even with my old soul, yours is barely putting out more energy than Tom's here, and this is just a tiny fragment. I can only imagine how strong he is at full strength. He could probably be the only one to legitimately escape death. "Your soul will likely develop as far as mine at least, and even that wouldn't be enough to stop him. I suppose Fate decided it was finally his turn to win one, but I've never been one to let that old hag get her way. So I'm going to do what I do best," he said with a mischievous grin. "Meddle." The man at last closed his eyes, concentrating hard. Both energies lifted from his hands and hovered toward one another. A few indiscernible words came from the man, and the energies began to circle one another like two enemies sizing each other up. With another unknown word, the energies rushed at one another, meeting in the center. A bright flash erupted at the collision point so bright that Harry had to look away or risk being blinded. A few minutes passed before Harry felt it was safe to look again. When he did, he gasped in awe at the sight. The two masses had combined into a shape that resembled a gemstone. It still flowed like water in the air, but now it seemed to have a sort-of frame that kept it in the same general shape. It had hundreds of individual faces that rolled and coiled upon themselves. Red was still the primary color and gold streaks were still there, but there was now a mixture of green and silver that seemed to slither across the surface. The man exhaled, seemingly exhausted. "It's done." He called the energy back to his hand. It heeded his call, though it seemed almost reluctant to do so. His grin reappeared. "Now you should be able to put up a fight that'll knock their socks off. I wish I could be there to see it." The man walked over to him and