Let me know if you enjoy this and want more, I'm working on editing the next chapter now, so it should be up in a few days. Katniss stood outside her door, hand clenched over the handle. Her teeth came together as she tried to push them away. She can do this. Happy place. Happy place. Happy place. No, she can't. With a cry of angst, she slid down the wall and landed in a puddle on the floor. She didn't know how long she was there. Probably a few minutes. A noise told her a door down the hall opened and she looked over to see who it was. Her vision was swimming. Her eyes caught movement but nothing else before she slipped under. When she came to, Katniss was on her bed, and she looked around the room. The shoes she'd been wearing were set neatly on the floor next to her closet and the purse she was carrying was on a chair next to her bed, with her jacket hooked neatly over the chair's back. A glass of water and a couple of Advils were on the nightstand along with a piece of paper. She took the painkillers and looked at the note. Call me when you wake up so I know you're okay :) Peeta Mellark from down the hall Peeta Mellark. She looked at the phone number written below his name. She owed him a call for helping her out. She looked around for her phone, remembering it hitting the carpet outside when she fell. She found plugged into the wall nearby, charging; she tapped in Peeta's phone number. He answered on the second ring. "Hello?" "Hi, this is Katniss.. Everdeen." She added, realizing he didn't know her name. "I think you helped me out of the hallway? This is Peeta right?" "Oh, you woke up, good, do you need anything? I wasn't sure what was wrong but it looked like you just passed out so I didn't call a doctor." "I'm okay. Well, not okay but I'm healthy. Thanks for your help." "Of course. Actually I was just pulling a couple loaves of bread out of the oven, can I bring one over and make you some toast?" "You don't have to take care of me, Mr. Mellark, I haven't even met you, it's-" "I can't eat both loaves by myself, you'd be doing me a favor by taking one so I don't have to find someone else to take it." He paused, "Please don't call me Mr. Mellark, that makes me feel old." "Um... okay, Peeta. And that sounds really nice, go ahead and come over." "Okay, be right there." She could hear the smile in his voice. They said goodbye and hung up. Peeta Mellark. From down the hall. She hasn't really noticed her neighbors; no matter how long she lived in an apartment complex, she never really was a people person, and she kept to herself. Her thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door. She swung her legs off the bed and let Peeta in. "Hey." He was a few inches taller than her, and his blond hair was wavy and fell to just above his eyebrows. His eyes were bright and blue, and very sweet. He smiled. "Hi, Peeta, I'm guessing?" "Yeah, so your name is Katniss?" "Mhm, come in, thanks for everything." She wished she had a tidier space but he'd already seen it anyway so he didn't give it a second glance. "So what happened, do you know why you passed out?" No, she can't tell a total stranger the reason. But he did take care of her... He's very thoughtful, even plugged in her dying phone for her. But he could be a psycho. But he's a very nice psycho. Okay. Not the whole story, just a little information. "Yeah, it happens every now and then. I... Lost my dad several years ago and we were really close. I lost my little sister last month. I raised her so it was really hard on me. Bad few years. Severe depression." His big blue eyes filled with understanding and comfort. "I lost my family five years ago, parents and two brothers. I'm just getting through depression too." Her eyebrows went up a little. "Ah, so you're just as broken as I am then..." He laughed humorlessly once. "Yeah, I guess so. Anyway. I'll start cutting some bread for toast, do you like tea?" Her eyes flitted down to rest on the brown paper bag he held, and a spicy sweet aroma filled the room as he walked into the next room. She didn't know if it was the bread or him. "I love tea." He smiled again from the kitchen. She heard him filling her kettle before she followed him in. "So, what do you do on quiet Sundays like this?" He turned to look at her while he took the golden loaf out if its bag. "I was heading out to do some grocery shopping before..." She gestured to the hallway. He nodded. "Do you think of shopping as a chore?" She thought about that. She didn't give much consideration to whether or not she enjoyed shopping. She didn't particularly enjoy anything right now. But shopping seemed out of character for her, something she only did of need. "Yeah, kinda. Not a fan of it. But it keeps my mind off of things and helps me to not starve so..." She inwardly grimaced, her words came out more sarcastic than she'd meant them to. He smiled and nodded again, brushing off her apparent hostility. "That's why I bake, keeps my mind off things, which is why I always end up with more than I need." He looked down at the bread he had cut four generous slices of. "But sometimes it makes it worse, I lost them in a bakery fire. My middle brother and dad got out fast enough, but they went back in to find my oldest brother and mom. Didn't get out the second time." He ran his finger along the blade of the knife, brushing off the crumbs lingering there. "But you got out." He shook his head, "I wasn't there. That's the part that torments me the most is that I wasn't there when I should've burned up with them." His hand gripped the knife so hard that his knuckles flashed white before turning pink. She briefly wondered if he would go crazy and try to hurt her, realizing she'd let a complete stranger in her apartment. But he looked back at her again, his face back to normal, albeit a lot sadder than before. "I see." Her voice was quiet and she wondered if he could hear what she said. She felt like she should share something about herself in light of his honesty. But she couldn't get the words out. He dropped a couple slices of bread in her toaster. The kettle sang and he looked at her expectantly. She realized he didn't know where her tea bags or cups were. She pulled out a box of tea and handed it to him to get two bags out, while she looked for two mugs. She found an innocent blue one but the second was one Prim had painted for her for Christmas the last year. She decided to use it anyway. When Peeta had poured the tea and buttered the bread, they brought their food to the living room couch. She curled up in one corner and he sat half a cushion over from her. She smiled at him, "Try your tea, this is my favorite." He took a sip as she dropped two sugar cubes in hers. "It's great, I see why you like it." She took a bite of her toast. "Peeta... This bread is so good..." He beamed with pride. "Glad you like it." He said softly. "I haven't had homemade bread in years, I can't bake to save my life so I just buy it from the store." "Well I love baking, so anytime you want something fresh... I'm only three doors down." He winked. "Very sweet of you, Peeta. What do you do for a living?" She drank her own tea, masking the jab of pain caused by seeing 'with love from Prim' painted neatly onto the lower edge of her mug. She focused on what Peeta was saying. "I work at the bakery downtown now, I'm hoping one day to either open my own or make it as an painter. So far no progress on either..." "True artists aren't really appreciated at first. I'm sure you're very good." "Thanks, maybe once I'm dead people will like my artwork..." He chuckled quietly. "What do you do?" "I work as a voice teacher in the city for now." "You like singing?" "Yeah. My dad taught me when I was little. His voice was beautiful." Peeta smiled at her words but then he blushed a little. "What?" "I was listening to you sing through the door when I came home the other day. It was lovely. I wanted to hear the rest of the song so I sat outside your apartment but you stopped a couple minutes later, and I got the heck out of there so you didn't think I was a creepy stalker..." He looked down, swirling his tea, faint pink feathering the skin from his neck to his cheeks. She didn't know what to make of his statement. He didn't seem surprised to hear that she sang. "Oh." He looked back up, waiting for her response. "I'm sorry if that's weird..." "No! No, I'm flattered.. It just surprised me, I didn't realize I could be heard from outside..." She thought about her next words. "That day I was singing because it was Prim - my sister's - birthday. I knew she couldn't hear me from where she is now... But I think she would have liked to know I sang for her. She was turning 19." She felt a tear form in her eye and she ran her pinky over the painted words on her cup. He reached his arm out to rub her shoulders. "I'm sure she would've been honored." Katniss nodded, smashing her lips together to try to hold off the tears. Peeta slid closer, putting both their teacups on the coffee table in front of them, admiring Prim's handiwork as he took it gently from her sister, and wrapped her up in his warm arms. Two tears slipped out of her eyes and made little pats as they fell on his shirt. "My brother's birthday is next week... I know what it feels like." His whisper ghosted over her neck as he rubbed her arms soothingly. "Thanks, Peeta." His phone buzzed on the table. He didn't move. "Go ahead and answer it if you want, I'm okay." She sniffled and hastily wiped her cheeks of any moisture left there. He reached over to pick it up and while he spoke, he didn't stop rubbing Katniss's arm. "Hi Delly." Katniss could hear the female voice on the line, briefly wondering if this Delly girl would think Peeta was cheating on her. She moved to scoot away from him but he held her there on his lap. "Peeta, I have a huge favor to ask, I'm going on a date on Tuesday with the guy I was telling you about..." "Congratulations, sweetie, you got him after all." She could hear Delly giggle nervously. So they weren't together.. "And... I told him I would get a couple of my friends to double with us... And I realized you're the only one who hasn't been through a bad breakup in the last six months so... Could you please help me out?" "What about that girl you hang out with?" "Lorra? She's out of town, and she dumped her boyfriend last week. I'll get you a date and everything, Peeta, I just need you