A/N: Please review and let me know what you think, I haven't been in the habit of posting things for a long time. This is a companion piece to Breaking Point, and Purple Sorrow brings Silvery Relief, and the prequel is Multicolored Tears. They all match this colored emotion theme. Feel free to read those as well, or just stick with this one-the choice is yours :D Also, I'm open to Fan Challenges, so if you have something you want to see me write or a list of words you want me to make something out of-don't be shy! Drop me a line in the reviews or a PM. It's the ice crystallizing in the air that reminds the pair of the frigid mid-December weather. It was cold enough to make the few camp-bound demigods feel that tingling numbness, pricking at their hands and noses, yet the magic borders protected them from the real dangers that swept in with the icy winds. A snow storm drilled into the trees outside, but not a flake found purchase on the camp's ground. Howling winds ripped through the forests- trying to flatten the trees outside the border- but only a warm sea breeze whispered through the camp's grass. Camp half-blood could be one of the best places to spend your winter holiday. Not only did campers get that serene winter feeling from watching the Long Island snow fall, they also got to walk around enjoying the slightly nippy weather on their bare skin. Instead of feeling the harsh fingers of winter penetrating through your thickest coat, you felt the gentle brush of a wind~ soft enough to be ignored, but cold enough to be remembered. Still what else could a camper demand from the magical camp -home to so many who don't belong anywhere else- besides Almost perfect weather and the sense of adventure and belonging that tinged the meadow's air. At the beginning of December Chiron had called in Percy and Nico from the hustling city. The centaur wouldn't tell them why- only that they needed to come home immediately. They left their loft (and the holiday blowout parties that New York was known for) and made the long drive in to see the camp director, only to find themselves detained and stranded inside the camp borders. Chiron had explained about the recent rise in monster sightings around Percy and Nico's neighborhood and that a troop of demigods had been sent out to dispatch them before the attacks became too noticeable. He then explained that the two war heroes were not allowed to leave camp until the situation was taken care of. "The monsters are massing together in a search for Demigods, but for you two in particular. As you know every Halfling gives off a scent that lures in dangerous beings, the more powerful the child, the more powerful their pull is. Due to your prolonged stays in the city, and your ever-growing powers, your scent has become overwhelming to the monstrous population surrounding the New York area. We have tracked monsters from as far out as Albany coming in to hunt you. Your scents will linger for weeks, and they will provide enough coverage for the dispatch troops. They will be able to move in undetected and take care of the problem. Until then you'll be staying here, so make yourselves comfortable." With that parting line, Chiron had galloped to Half Blood Hill to supervise the departure of the campers returning home for the holidays. The only real problem they had with sticking it out inside the camp's safe hold is they felt like cowards. Is this how it would always be? Hide when the going gets rough? Sending younger campers out into the world to clean up their messes, and fighting someone else's battle? Campers that they were supposed to protect, friends that they cared for~Family It was the haunting thought in the back of each boy's head. The fact that they were Hiding. They were supposed to be Heroes- not Cowards. They were supposed to be the protectors, not the protected. One had control of the very Earth he stood on. Eyes black as Styx and as strong as a narcotic. Hair as dark as an inky shadow, and skin white as light. Deceptive in his fragile beauty, with a strike like a black widow, 19 and a hunter. Powers over every haunting shadow, every creature who called death home, and over every soul he saw. He could bend you to his will, and call forth every memory you ever tried to hide. Every fear and worry that kept you up at night. He was vicious in battle, a snarling demon creeping in and taking you over- Yet here he was, someone who had faced down legions of a monster army Someone whose Father was Ruler of Hell, sitting behind the safety line. The other, just as terribly powerful, just as limitless, with a hold on liquid that was unfathomable. Eyes like Greek fire, with the same swirling disarming danger to them. Hair dark like the depths and throws of every ocean canyon. Misleading with the air of innocence that hangs around him, yet with a nature as darkly whimsical as the ocean, 23 and a fighter. An unshakable ground of justice, a charismatic leader, and impulsively lighthearted. Possessor of destructive storms, unleasher of deadly geokinesis. Untouchable, and agile, with a strike of pure prowess. Bearer of life, protector of the unprotected. Coming in behind you like a riptide in gentle waters~sucking you under until there's nothing left but a distant memory. Yet here he was, Skilled in his craft as a Hero, Victor of Olympus, Someone who had faced down Titans and Gods, Son of the ocean and all its treasures, sitting in the general's tent protected from the fray. The black haired sons of two of the Elder Gods had resigned themselves to their captivity, because they knew it was almost always futile to argue with Chiron, and honestly, they had been thinking about taking a vacation anyway. The 23 and 19 year olds had figured that an all-expenses paid break was just what they needed so they didn't fight too hard to go into battle. They were the heroes of the Second Great Titan War and because of this, the Gods and the Campers called on them (and their fellow veterans) for help over even the slightest problem. No occurrence or issue was too big or, unfortunately for them, too small to call for their help. They had completed more missions in this last year alone than they could care to remember and it seemed that whenever they arrived back home from their latest adventure or mishap, there was always another waiting for them. So now they had the perfect excuse to loaf and relax for more than a few hours and no one could call on them for their latest hangnail, or family crisis. -Because when you thought about it every mission was some kind of family crisis, however, Immortal the family member may be. Another factor that more than likely swayed them in their decision to stay stranded in camp was less noble than the first. The thrill and knowledge that they could do anything they liked, no matter how devious was irresistible. The two heroes hadn't gotten into - Some Just for fun-trouble in a while and the urge to let go and scheme for a while was insatiable. There were plenty of nature spirits and just enough campers that had stayed behind to choose from. It was mandatory that they stay inside the campgrounds, so no matter the prank they couldn't be sent away. No matter how strange their antics, nor how insane they made their idiosyncrasies they couldn't get into serious trouble. They were cabin councilors, no matter the fact that their cabins were both still empty. They were undefeated heroes and war veterans. Both were loved (more or less) by (most) of the campers. If they weren't loved then they were bestowed with at least some kind of a grudging respect. They even had fan clubs-unfortunately for the members- Nico despised the overrated fan girls of his own 'club' - Most of them don't even know me! He had protested when he found out - Though if he despised his own club, he outright hated Percy's with a certain possessive passion that was completely unhealthy and entirely endearing. - They don't have to be so overly attentive. He'd snarled as he watched a few straggling teens throw glances back at Percy They were untouchable even when it came to a punishment. Well, for the most part at least. Even though there were definite upsides to their slightly forced vacation, neither champion liked playing the faint of heart card. They would rather be fighting. Earning their keep, proving their worth and legends. Rather than parading their tantalizing parentage among the trees, inside the camp's borders and just out of reach. Anyway~ The way they thought about it: if they were stuck in camp- -I mean, when in Rome...Right?- then they might as well enjoy their time there. They spent each day of their Vacation spending time with each other and not really spending much time on anyone else. These memories would be some of their best and they refused to let the opportunity slip by un-noticed. Sunlight washed moments lounging on the white shored beach and, Shimmering sights caught at the depths of the lake~ Bubbling breaths, underwater adventures, and Utopian sights were passed back and forth like the most sacred of secrets. Heartbeats spent on innocence Liquid moonlight memories made of fleeting haunts and nights spent chasing nightmares through the dark. Unforgettable mysteries found only in a land where life didn't belong, and corrosive moments spent in the murky shadow-lands. Breathy moments given to gleaming black sins. Each day spent in camp was another day spent creating a certain kind of balance. Day and night were mixing and mingling together creating the never-ending puzzle that was them as a whole. The two heroes fit together like a fabric, both of their realms weaving together and overlapping. Forming a unity so complete that nothing could tear it apart. After spending their days so utterly infused with each other, they retreated back to Nico's refreshingly morbid cabin- reveling in the exhaustion that came with exploring their completely different lifestyles. Nico's cabin was a saturnine work of art, deceptive in its foreboding beauty. Its soundproof walls (much like Percy's new cabin, but that is another story) were made of Black marble streaked with through white veins and gilded with burnished bronze. Then the walls were sealed with obsidian and onyx inlays, and Greek fire danced across the seams- giving off a ghastly and ethereal glow. Every plant within a ten foot radius was afflicted by Persephone's curse. Instead of growing delicate petals and lush greenery- The plants dripped with stunning mounds of gemstones and were encrusted with precious metals. The grass grew as delicate strands of silver embedded with emeralds- the flowers came in every shape and size ranging from Amethyst to opal, and never did the same design appear twice. The entire cabin reeked of Power- Money- Influence- and Death. Although not many would admit it, many were struck by the grandiose, yet refined building and they acted like it. The Shadow Prince and his belongings never fell victim to the usual camp festivities and Pranksters stayed far away. Nico and his home were untouchable- much like a few other cabins on the camp grounds. It was sunset and dinner had just been cleared from the pavilion, every camper was headed to the Amphitheater for s'mores and the camp wrap up. The Princes of Shadow and Ocean followed a quieter path to the theater swinging clasped hands and talking about their return to the city. The green eyed boy had been in the middle of a backhanded comment- something about two