Ephemerality Summary: "She taught me love, but you taught me happiness." A series of interconnected scenes depicting the simple and profound moments and memories of a most unlikely relationship. A/N: I'm still working on my other fics (I swear), but this has been something that I've wanted to write for almost four years now. I hope you enjoy. Disclaimer: Don't own Percy Jackson. oOo 1 Emerald Convalescence "I suppose there's some sort of twisted irony to it all isn't there, Thals?" Percy said, staring at the flickering flames licking up from the beautiful shroud. It still didn't feel real. Four months, two weeks, and six days of frantic searching, of yelling at Zeus, consequences be damned. All of that had turned up … nothing. Thalia didn't respond - only reaching out and grabbing his hand, drawing herself closer. He wrapped an arm around her, and they clung to each other, desperate for human touch, for the reassurance of a friend. "I can't believe, after everything that she - that we went through … two whole fucking wars - holding up the sky, navigating the Labyrinth, finding the Athena Parthenos, surviving Tartarus - but one stupid fuck up by the oh so almighty King of the Gods…" Percy breaks down. She squeezes his hand even tighter. It's difficult to hate your own father, but she's never felt this… uncharitable towards him. Watching Zeus deal with Athena… well, there was a none too small part of Thalia that wouldn't have minded the goddess actually following through on some threats she'd screamed. Thalia didn't envy future children of Zeus at all. "I loved her too, you know. Maybe not the way you did, but I can still remember that little girl with a dirty face trying to defend herself with a kitchen knife. It was so … so adorably cute a-and…" she shakes her head, willing herself to be strong, if only for Percy. "I'm the only one left." She whispers, conscious now more than ever of her decision to join the Hunt. Of her immortality, of the world that she left behind, and of the people still in the land of the living, who would one day be taken away from her as well. "At least they'll have each other in Elysium, right?" She cracks a half-smile. " Family, Luke. You promised." She quotes, remembering a darker time, a time when the future of Western Civilization had nearly, oh so nearly, been destroyed. He can't help the tears that really begin pouring now, dripping down his face and falling onto the ground. He could feel the gaze of the some of the other campers on his back, and angrily swipes at his tears, but it's like a dam has broken because he simply cannot stop . So, he turns away, slipping his body away from Thalia's half-embrace to turn away from the fire, because he's Percy Jackson, because he's supposed to be a leader, the face of Camp Half-Blood, the hero who singlehandedly changed the course of history, twice , in the span of a decade. He's not allowed to cry. Thalia quietly allows him his space, but refuses to let go of his hand. She just gives it another tight squeeze, and that's all he really needs - just another human being; someone else to talk to. She lets him cry, and unashamedly lets her own tears fall. But they're both done crying soon enough, because they're tough and they've seen too many friends die. That doesn't mean the pain will go away, but they can control themselves. They're good at that. There's a certain peace now, and Percy's shoulders slowly stop shaking. He shuffles back next to her, once again staring into the fire. "Say, Thals, do you ever – " "Lieutenant," a quiet, authoritative voice says from behind them. The two of them whirl around, Thalia dropping Percy's hand as if it had burnt her. But what confronts them is only a fourteen-year-old maiden dressed in the traditional dark Greek mourning robes, raising the slightest eyebrow at their reaction. "Lady Artemis! This … this isn't what it looks like, I'm just - I just can't believe she's g-gone, and well, we were just talking, and it's nice to, you know …" "Do not trouble yourself, Thalia," she said quietly. "I understand how you feel too." Thalia immediately nods her head in understanding. "And Perseus-" the goddess directs her gaze to the mortal, pausing as if searching for the correct words. "I am sorry for your loss. Annabeth was one of the bravest maidens I have ever known, willingly taking the sky for someone who had betrayed her. It may not mean much to you, but I firmly believe that the reason she never joined the Hunt is because of you." Percy nods and attempts a smile, although he can't quite manage it. Artemis regards him for a long moment, before turning towards her lieutenant. "We'll be staying here for the night." Thalia nods and wipes away some of the tears still trickling down her cheeks. "I … I'll see you later Percy." She says, voice wavering. "See you, Thals." Percy responds quietly. The two huntresses begin to walk away, and Percy turns back to the flames again. "Oomph, Thalia, what the..?" Percy asks, squeezed in a too tight hug. "Don't you dare die on me, Seaweed Brain, you got that? You're my only best friend left in the world now." she says once she'd let go, staring fiercely at him with unshed tears shimmering in her electric blue eyes. "I ... I won't." he swears, awkwardly hugging her back. She releases him, and leaves without another word. By now, most of the other campers have already paid their respects to Annabeth and left, although her siblings are still huddled together by the sparks and ashes. He thinks of going over, of saying something. 'Your sister was the absolute best thing to ever happen to me.' Or 'Your sister will be happy in Elysium.' Yeah right, like that would do anything except make things more miserable for everyone, himself included. He reaches into his pocket, first brushing over the beads of a necklace that is now his, before lightly ghosting his fingers over the bill of a cap, slowly tracing the stitched Y. Even the last of the sparks are fading away now. He turns his gaze upward, to the sky filled with glittering stars and constellations. "You were my everything, Wise Girl. E-enjoy Elysium, and don't wait around for me if you're trying for rebirth. Just… be happy wherever you go. I'll always miss you." Turning away from the remnants of the shroud, he makes his way back to his cabin. Stepping inside and closing the door, he makes his way over to his bed in the the soft luminescence of the too happily gurgling fountain. Tumbling down onto his bed, exhausted, he closes his eyes. Phobetor takes him immediately. oOo "You drool in your sleep." She says, giggling as she leans out of his reach in the Big House. "And you moan my name when you're asleep." Percy shot back, grinning at her as her eyes widened, scandalized. "I do NOT!" "What kind of dreams are you having hmmm Wise Girl?" "PERSEUS JACKSON, I DO NOT MOAN YOUR NAME IN MY SLEEP." She steamed, smacking his shoulder, at which he immediately recoiled. "Hey! Injured cripple here," he replies, gesturing towards his partially healed leg after a particularly unfortunate incident on the lava wall. "Just because you have kelp for brains and couldn't dodge out of the way of some lava flow does NOT mean you get a free pass for telling lies." Laughing, he reached out and grabbed her arm, pulling her closer until she was practically on top of him. She fought him for a brief period, before melting into his arms. He leaned forward to press his lips to hers and…. Pain. His shoulder that had impacted against the hard wooden floor of the cabin was probably going to be a bitch for the next couple days. Still, as he took in his surroundings and, more importantly, remembered that Annabeth was gone, the pain in his shoulder couldn't hold a candle to the pain that threatened to tear his chest open. Stumbling over to his desk, he grasped the picture that a friendly tourist had taken for them last summer, when they'd visited Yellowstone National Park. Gripping it so tightly that he was afraid he was going to break it, he sat back down onto his bed. "I don't understand Wise Girl. I just don't. I was supposed to be luckier than this, being named after Perseus and everything. And I was. The luckiest demigod to have ever lived, because I got to meet you when I first entered this strange, terrible, and yet beautiful world. And, for those glorious years we made many happy memories. Do you remember riding in the back of that animal truck on the way to California? Or that first kiss at Mt. St. Helens?" He gave a watery chuckle. "That probably was the shittiest first kiss ever, especially considering where I ended up after that fiasco. I never apologized for my stay on Ogygia either." Sobering back up, "I miss you Wise Girl. I miss you with every fiber of my being. And sometimes it's hard to remember that there are others who would miss me if I were to just… go. I just want to see you again, to hold your hand, and kiss you, and just plan our future together." Swiping at his eyes, he replaced the picture on his desk, changed into a Camp Half-Blood shirt and some jeans, grabbed the Yankees hat, and stepped outside. After checking to see that no harpies saw him emerge, he placed the hat on his head and headed down towards the beach, carefully making sure he left no noticeable footsteps behind him. The ocean had always been his solace, his place to escape. Even after Tartarus, haunted and tortured by memories and nightmares, he'd managed to sleep peacefully in the ocean's embrace. He padded down towards the shoreline. Taking a seat, he stared out across the harbor, and wondered . He wondered about his future. He'd always had those grand plans. He'd finally settle down with Annabeth, they'd have children, a family, and maybe a normal life. The end of the second Giant War had almost made that dream a reality. A drunken Zeus with a lightning bolt had vaporized it. He clenched his fist, having still yet to speak to the King of the Gods. Although, to be fair, no one had seen him since the incident with Athena. No one was sure what had happened, but it obviously hadn't been pretty. Still, it wasn't worth getting angry at all over again. His thoughts turned melancholy again, remembering the times that they'd spent on the beach. Musical laughter sounded as a fistful of wet sand was stuffed down the back of his shirt. "Arggghhhh, I just changed into this shirt as well, Wise Girl." Chasing after her, he tried to dive at her ankles to tackle her, but she evaded him nimbly, running away as he faceplanted into the sand. "Gonna have to do better than that, Seaweed Brain." She retorted, grinning smugly at him. Growling, he willed the waves to rise. The water immediately responded to his command, and he effortlessly sent a six-foot wave speeding towards Annabeth, completely drenching her and knocking her off her feet so that she was scrabbling to prevent herself from being pulled back into the water. She was dripping wet, with a murderous look on her face. He never thought he'd seen anything quite so beautiful. Before she could retaliate, he pounced on her, pinning her arms underneath his and forcing her into submission. She struggled for a little bit, but realizing the futility of it all stopped trying to push him