FAGE 8: Soul Mates Title: Dimensions Written for: Rose Melissa Ivashkov Written By: Claire Bloom Rating: T Summary/Prompt used: A couple wakes up to find themselves in a different universe. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/FAGE-8-Soul-Mates/93625/ Morning Katniss laid still, her arm thrown over her eyes, her breathing slowly returning to normal. She didn't want to wake up yet. She desperately wanted to return to her dream. There had been no gentle transition between dreaming and coming awake; it was as if she had been yanked back to reality. She felt Gale shift slightly beside her. The last thing she wanted was for him to wake up. Avoidance seemed to be their mantra lately. She had nothing she wanted to talk to him about, and for some time, even after their conversation had dried up, their desire for intimacy had not. But not anymore; that, too, was gone now. Katniss wondered why they even bothered sharing a bed, a home, a life together. But finding the courage to tell him to go, or to pack her own bags and leave, was far too difficult. She tried to summon back her dream state; to fall back to sleep and find herself in the exact same place she had been before something had pulled her back to reality. Of course, this was a useless trick to try. No one had ever been able to do that. Sure, falling asleep again may be possible, but the dreams that would come would be of different places, people, and scenarios. Katniss had no doubt that this same dream would not come to her again today, but she knew it would come. She'd had the same dream four times already. Well, not exactly the same, but the home, the people, the feeling of belonging; it was as if she was entering another life and living it for just that night. It felt so real, and she felt such a strong sense of home that when she woke up to find her life with Gale was still stale and lonely and real, Katniss felt utterly bereft. The after effects of her dream were strong. She needed to let the feeling pass so she could fake her way through the day. Gale turned to face her. Katniss decided it was time to get up. She pushed off the duvet, and gently swung her legs over the side of the bed. She didn't want to wake him, but not out of consideration, simply because she didn't want to talk. It was hard to look at him and feel that she didn't belong with him anymore when she had, only moments earlier, felt like she was incredibly happy in the arms of another man. Everyone had cheat dreams. It was normal and she used to find it funny when Gale would share his recent dream endeavours with girls they both knew. But these dreams of hers were too real to find amusing. The way she had felt, the happiness, the joy, it was so beautiful and completely foreign to her. It had been a long time since Katniss had felt happy. Katniss poured a glass of water and sat at the table, nursing the glass between her hands; she closed her eyes and summoned back some memory, any memory from her dream. She had been standing in the bedroom doorway, watching a figure sleep beneath the sheets. The room was dark, but some light from the hall behind her penetrated the room. She couldn't see his face as he had his back to her, but she knew it wasn't Gale. Suddenly, the sleeping man sighed, and shifted position. Turning onto his back, he glanced over at the door, his eyes still sleepy, still dazed, but he smiled, like he had found what he subconsciously searched for. Holding out his hand to her, he whispered. 'Come back to bed.' Those four simple words filled Katniss with a yearning, and it balled in her stomach like a flutter of tiny wings. She felt her palms start to sweat, and a smile break out on her face. Seeing him smile at her, and want her with him, Katniss knew she desired nothing else more. The promise of laying next to him, surrounded by his warmth, meant everything. In this life, Katniss knew those feelings were wrong, and strange as she had never looked at him this way before. In reality, she saw him every day but they barely spoke. They didn't socialise in the same circle of friends, or work in the same department. It wasn't necessary to talk, but since her dreams had started last month, Katniss had found it impossible not to stare at him in the elevator, or across the canteen on their lunch break. Sometimes, she had caught him staring back. She wondered if he had noticed her own stares, and was watching to see when she would do it, or if it was possible he knew he starred in her most favourite dreams. Or if it was possible, maybe, she had starred in his, too? His name was Peeta. His blue eyes were full of warmth and cheeky thoughts, and laying in his bed he had lifted the sheet and beckoned Katniss again with a devilish smile. Dream Katniss had laughed, and sat at her table, holding her glass of water, reality Katniss smiled at the memory of that moment. Holding out his hand to her, Peeta tilted his head, wondering what was taking her so long to get in beside him. Katniss stepped forward, and placed her hand in his. He laughed and pulled her quickly onto the bed, but instead of falling onto the mattress and feeling the warmth of his arms, it was then Katniss had awoken. She kept replaying that moment over in her head; his smile, the scent of the room, the cosy feel, the heat, the desire to touch him. It was more than just physical between them; there, in that bedroom, in that dream, was love. Gale walked into the kitchen, disturbing her reminisce. He started making coffee. He didn't speak. Katniss remembered a time when he would've bent to kiss her cheek and chastised her for not making coffee. It seemed such a long time ago. He fetched his breakfast, finished making the coffee, and left the room. Katniss heard the TV, and pictured him eating his food there rather than sat with her at the table. Could things between them be any more alienated? This was no life; for either of them. Katniss wished he would be braver than she, and finally say something about this non-existence they were both faking. Could the actual conversation about drawing the line be any worse than this? Katniss doubted it, yet she, too, kept playing along and staying silent. Was this why she had started to dream of another life with another man; a secret longing to feel love, and passion, and to be wanted, needed, by someone? Maybe it wasn't about Peeta at all, but about the emotions she was missing. This made sense to Katniss, as she had known Peeta since they were 4 years old, and she had never looked at him this way before, because maybe she needed to feel something other than lonely. Katniss abandoned her glass of water, and walked into the den. She looked at Gale eating, his eyes on the TV, and she waited, but she didn't know why. She had nothing to say. After a couple of minutes had passed, Gale looked over at her. He raised a brow, but didn't ask. Katniss looked at him, closer than she had looked in a long time, into his eyes, at his lips, his hair, all the things she used to love about him, and willed herself to feel it. Eventually he turned back to the screen. Apparently he had nothing to say either. Evening It had been a long day. It was the weekend, so no work for either Katniss or Gale. She had felt trapped at home and had gone out to run any errand she could think of. There wasn't anyone she wanted to visit, not really, so after there was nothing else for Katniss to do, she had gone for a walk. Her feet had found their way to the cemetery which was not where Katniss had really wanted to go, but she purchased some flowers anyway, and made her way over to Prim. The sadness at seeing her sister's grave so bare and unkempt filled Katniss with guilt. She had been neglecting the dead as well as the living, it would appear. Katniss lay her bouquet and removed the dried flowers of a previous visit. She wondered who had been to see Prim, and lay flowers here. Their mother was gone, dementia stealing her memories, leaving Katniss with just a shell of her mom. The ground was dry; the weather had been quite mild of recent, so she sat for a while and found herself without words once again. When had the art of conversation become so foreign to her? Katniss wondered when she tried to speak if her voice would crack. She missed small talk. She used to loathe it. Not wanting to burden Prim with her current relationship crisis with Gale, Katniss searched for something to say. She wanted to hear her own voice. She wanted to share with her dead sister. To sit in silence at her grave was just as wrong as not visiting at all. She could think of nothing, and so Katniss had left, gone home, and locked herself in the bathroom. Just to find anything else to do, she drew a bath and took her time, allowing the heat of the water to soothe her. It was evening but too early for bed, however, Katniss longed for the feeling of home again, so after her bath, Katniss put on her pyjamas and climbed into bed. Closing her eyes, she prayed she would find Peeta in her dreams again. Morning He hadn't come. Her sleep had been dreamless, and disturbed, so Katniss awoke feeling just as tired as when she had gone to bed. Disappointment clouded her mind, but she knew it was a long shot that her dreams would be the ones she wanted consecutively. They had started a month ago yet she had only had them four times, and never one straight after the other. Although they were all different, it was always about Peeta and a home they seemed to share. They were either in bed together, or she was watching him make dinner for them both. It was so similar to her life here, but it hurt Katniss to admit, the one in her dreams was better. It was the life she preferred. If only she could stay there, in the circle of his arms, and enjoy that fantastical bliss. It was still the weekend, and Katniss got out of bed with a heavy feeling. The day ahead seemed long. Too long in shared silence, too long till bedtime. Glancing over at Gale's side of the bed, Katniss realised it was empty. The sheets were a crumpled mess but his pillow was still plump; no head dent. Wandering into the den, she spotted him asleep on the sofa with a crocheted blanket tucked up under his chin. He looked cold, so she grabbed the duvet from the closet and covered him before heading into the kitchen. Looking through the fridge, Katniss noticed a grocery shop was required. With a good excuse to leave the apartment, she dressed quickly and headed out. The store was busier than she expected for an early Sunday morning. She pushed the cart mindlessly, barely paying attention to the items she loaded