Hello once again audience! This is my second attempt at writing a fanfiction. I would and probably could continue my first one but the differences in writing styles that I had when i was 16 versus my 23 year old self now would be glaringly obvious. I hope you wind up enjoying this, its been an idea bouncing around my noggin for a while now. This fic will also take place in the year 2017, and it will also be the canon's first year as well! I would most likely screw something up with technology and the like if I tried for the 90's. The pairings are also not known at this time. So... Enjoy! Disclaimer: I own nothing involving the Harry Potter series, or other mentioned series of books. I own nothing of the games, movies, or tv shows that I reference at any point throughout the entirety of this fic. They all belong to their own makers/creators and such. The only things that are mine are my, hopefully, original ideas and OCs. A/N on 5/1/2017 I will be updating the current chapters to have the ' -CoR ' as seperators of a sort, sorry for the false update, I'll probably upload the fourth chapter as an apology gift. xD Have a wonderful day! CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR "So, as you see Mr. Beck, your son has been chosen to go to one of the most premier wizarding schools of the world. He has shown great strength within his magic, especially for someone who hasn't gone to any school for it yet!" The older looking lady said, sitting upon a cushy armchair in a homely living room. "Though I will have to get into contact with the headmaster about his... companion. I don't believe she will be allowed via the school's charter. Thats not including the problems of caring for her, there being other animals and the like and whatnot." She continued, whilst eyeballing the furry little creature with caution. "Who? Lily? She's harmless! She actually gets along great with cats and the like, we have 2 cats also. She is probably the only reason my son is actually as calm as he is, he had a bit of a trauma when he was younger. There was an incident while we were on a family outing, and he came back hugging her to his chest with both of them covered in blood. We never could get the full story out of him, but we chose not to pry." Mr. Beck said, taking a small sip from his mug of coffee. "She hasn't let the boy out of her sight for more than a few hours since then. We chalked it up to them just needing eachother for comfort." "Well, I will send a quick message if you would allow me too?" She asked, looking to the other individual, a shorter, plump woman who looked friendly and intimidating at the same time. "Sure, its fine with us. Isn't that right honey?" She said, looking at her husband innocently. "Yes, Dear." He said in a sarcastic tone, smirking all the while, earning himself a swat across the back of the head for good measure without losing his smirk. "Trippy!" The elderly lady called. A small 'pop!' was heard as a small elfish looking creature appeared between her chair the the couple's couch. "Yes Mistress Kitty? Hows may Trippy help yous?" The halfling, according to Mr. Beck, asked while executing a small curtsy. "I need you to take this letter to the headmaster for me, and wait for a reply. Its not urgent, but its needs answering quickly, please." The now named Mistress Kitty asked kindly, with a slight blush of embarrassment, quickly conjuring some parchment and writing the message. Trippy then curtsied, and popped away with message in hand. "So, while she is delivering my message, do you have any questions?" The husband looked at her with a bit of amusement, but didn't say anything on his mind. He just shrugged nonchalantly, before asking. "How much does his schooling and such cost? Are there uniforms, books, supplies, room and board, transportation fees and the like? We are well off as a family, but aren't exactly rich." "The only things you yourself would have to buy would maybe be an owl, for if you wanted to send your son letters during the year, though there are school owls for such occurences. You may also buy him extra books, a better trunk, extra writing supplies, or anything that might catch your eye while you we are out shopping for his school things. Everything else is paid for through a trust fund supplied by the school itself which pays for the year's books, uniforms, potioneer's supplies, wand, and a regular trunk." She replied with a small wave of her hand. "Many muggleborn's parents are curious as to that. There is a bank in the shopping area that you may exchange your money for the wizarding currency as well." "Alrighty then! Sounds good to me! And you said 'we' were going shopping? I'm guessing you're showing us where that is and when are we scheduled to go?" He asked in an excited manner, getting a swat from his wife again. "I'm sorry for my husband's childish behavior. He can be quite a handful at times." Mrs. Beck said with a slight glare at her husband, who was rubbing the back of his head and grumbling under his breath about abusive women and always targeting his for some reason. "Its no problem Mrs. Beck, I think it's better that he is excited about it instead of being against the whole thing. Not all non-magical folk are quite as understanding as you are being. We sometimes have.." She said, being interrupted by another popping sound. Trippy had decided to reappear at that point. "Trippy bes returning to deliver Master Whiskers message, Mistress." The little elf said excitedly, bouncing from foot to foot while holding out a scrap of parchment for her to take. "Thank you Trippy, that will be all I need for now." She said after recieving the message and giving the elf a nod and a smile. The bouncing elf gave a small squeak and popped back out the room again. "Lets see.. The headmaster said it would be acceptable for him to take her with him. As long as she is companionable to others and doesn't cause any problems with staff or students, she will also be allowed with him in his classes." She said whilst reading the note, looking at them after stowing the parchment into her pocket. "Perfect! How does that make you feel Caleb?" He asked, looking over to his son who was sitting playing on his phone with Lily laying across his lap, napping. "Sounds better, since I can take her with me. When do we leave then?" A young boy of eleven said, brushing some of his hair out of his face, and readjusting his glasses to see better. "Right now if you and your parents are ready to go shopping, but I also have another family going with us. I thought it would be easier if we got both families done at the same time, and it would give Caleb someone of his own age to get to know before school." Mistress Kitty said, giving Caleb a small smile and looking to his parents for the answer to her question. "One quick question though. Is your family from the States, by any chance?" "Why yes, we actually are. After the incident with Caleb, we decided a change of scenery was needed, and I had some family here in England, so we shipped off and found this amazing living area. I'm guessing our accents gave it away?" Mr. Beck asked with a slight smirk. "Partially, the way you speak also gives it away." She said with a nod walking towards the door. CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR "This is the entrance to The Leaky Cauldron. It is the only non-magical way into Diagon Alley, which is where we are headed." The now named Mrs. McGonagall said, leading them into a somewhat suspicious door. As they were making their way through the bar, both of the men were greeting eachother and eyeing the bar with a gleam in their eyes. The wives both rolled their eyes seeing this, and grabbed their significant others by the ears, pulling them along to the snickering of the children. Speaking of the children, they had been quite friendly together already. Caleb, who is somewhat short, with dark brown hair to his shoulders, some freckles on his face and squarish glasses, turned to introduce himself to the young lady next to him. "Hi, my name is Caleb. What's your name?" He asked politely, smiling and holding out his hand. "I'm Hermione, it's nice to meet you Caleb." She said, brushing some of her hair behind her ear. Hermione herself was about an inch or so taller then him, with long, bushy brown hair and a pretty smile. She also reached her hand out and lightly shook his hand, enjoying having someone her age along for the exciting ride that this shopping trip was going to be. "Not to be rude, but why do you have a dog with you?" She asked with a smile, nodding towards the small ball of white fur trotting along behind them, attached to a leash that Caleb held. The small ball of fur just so happened to be a completely white pomeranian, but she had a large spot of black fur that covered her ears and eyes, like a small hero's mask. "Oh, Lily? She's my comfort companion. I don't do well with crowds and strangers unless she is around. She's friendly if you wanna pet her, all you have to do is let her sniff your hand first. Its kinda like an 'asking for permission' kind of thing." He said, kneeling down and petting Lily, who sat by his leg and looked at Hermione expectantly, making Caleb chuckle. Hermione then knelt down next to them, holding her hand down to Lily's snout as she was asked to. Lily sniffed her hand for a few seconds, then proceeded to lick her hand a few times before bumping her forehead against her hand gently. "That means you have her permission." Caleb said with a nod, turning to make sure the adults didn't leave without them. He let her pet and rub Lily for a little bit before he gestured to the adults, who were waiting in the back doorway, watching them interact with eachother. They both stood up and made their way towards the back door, both full of excited energy, unable to wait to see the shopping alley. Mrs. McGonagall showed them which bricks to tap with their wands to get into the alley, before stepping back to allow the kids their first sight of Diagon Alley. Both children and adult alike were amazed. They were looking every which way that they could, trying to take in all of the sights. There were clothing shops, a shop with every kind of odds and ends from telescopes and globes to furniture and blankets. There was a pet shop, mostly consisting of owls, cats and rats. There was a book store, broom store, wand store, potion supply store, and a trunk store. There seemed to be shops for everything you could ever need from a magical point of view. "Are there no grocery stores here?" Caleb piped up, raising a very good question. "I never really thought of that part." McGonagall said, looking around and shrugging berfore she started walking forward. "We will be going to get the money you need to buy your school supplies from the bank, if you lot will follow me." She said, beckoning them to follow her. They made their way to the bank, with the children bringing up the rear, both talking excitedly about which shops they wanted to go into and what