Voldemort shot out one last curse before he collapsed, dead for the final time. It hit me but, as I didn't immediately feel anything, I thought I was fine. It wasn't until after I took a shower in the Gryffindor Tower, which amazingly hardly had any damage, that I collapsed and saw nothing but black. I woke up in an alley. It was dark, but you could just see dawn approaching. I sat up and looked around. The building next to me was a bookshop. The other building was The Leaky Cauldron. I stood up and immediately noticed how short I was. Oh this could not be good. I walked out of the alley onto the main street. I looked at a newspaper. July 20th, 1970. Bloody Hell. How did I end up back in time? Especially this far back? Wait. That curse I got hit with. Did I die again? " Yes Mr. Potter, you did indeed die again. I placed you in this time, so that maybe you could change the future. At least for some people anyway.", a man's voice said from behind me. I jumped then turned around and saw Death. " Why? Haven't I done enough?", I said. " You have indeed, but it was never suppose to go down that particular way. This a chance to save people before it ever gets that far.", Death said. I mulled that over and sighed, knowing he was right. " Very well.", I growled. " Excellent choice. Now, you won't be able to use the name Potter, Peverell, or Slytherin here. Go to the goblins and ask for a heritage test. You will have a new name waiting for you. Also the horcrux is still gone. You won't be having that in this time line. There are no bindings on your magic or abilities and you will be keeping your memories. Hopefully we won't meet for a long time to come. Until next time.", Death said before disappearing on me. Well that was helpful, not. And what did he mean bindings on my abilities and magic? I sighed and made my way inside the Leaky and out to the entrance of Diagon Alley. Luckily, I was able to follow someone in. I made my way straight to the bank. I made my way to a slightly younger Griphook. " Excuse me sir. I'm ever so sorry for interrupting you, but I want to claim any vaults I might have. It would seem that I am to be on my own now.", I said quietly. Griphook looked at me as if to determine if I was being truthfull or not. He got a piece of parchment and held his hand out. I tentively place my hand in his. He gently pricked my finger and let a few drops fall onto the paper. Darian Emry Pendragon Age 11 Father: Constantine Uther Pendragon (deceased) Mother: Stephanie Emrys Nimue (deceased) Heir to: Most Ancient and Most Noble Line of Pendragon Most Ancient and Most Noble Line of Mryddin Most Ancient and Most Noble Line of Nimue Abilities: Metamorhmagus, Multi-Animagus, Beast Speaker, Elemental, Shadow Walker, Seer Griphook's eyes widened to the size of saucers. " Mr. Pendragon. Being the last of your lines entitles you to claim your Lordship and become emancipated. Would you like to do that today?", he almost squeaked. I nodded and 3 rings popped into view. I was suddenly very glad it was so early as there were no other wizards there at the time. The Pendragon ring was gold with a small dragon, the Mryddin ring was also gold with an onyx inlay in the shape of a triskele, and the Nimue ring was silver and had a circle nestled between two cresents. The sign of the Triple Goddess. I put the rings on and watched as they resized themselves on my left ring finger, middle right hand finger, and right pinky finger. I was then lead to my vaults. I decided to only go in the Pendragon vault for some money. I would visit and go through them more thoroughly later. I also got a money pouch that was tied to me, so I wouldn't have to always go to the bank when I needed money. It would even convert to Euros. The sun was fully up now. I went to a trunk store first and got a multi-compartment emerald green trunk with silver fastenings. I would be in Slytherin this time, I just knew it. I had a weightless charm put on it and then went to a clothing shop. I would get most of my school supplies as soon as I got the letter tomorrow. I picked out a simple pair of silk black boxer briefs, black slacks, dark green dress shirt, and black dragon leather boots to change into before getting more clothes. I looked in the mirror. I looked exactly like I did when I was 11 the first time. Well that wouldn't do. I willed my raven hair to grow to my shoulders. It did, making my hair much easier to tame. My green eye color I made a bit darker and made myself about 3 inches taller and a little more filled out. I adjusted my facial features slightly, thank goodness my scar was gone, and there we go. No more miniature James look-a-like. Thankfully the clothes grew with me. I left the clothing shop and went to the Leaky to get some breakfast. I also rented a room for a few days. I ate my food then made my way to muggle London where I got more clothes, some regular school supplies and a few other things. I had fun, which is something I never had a lot of. By the time I got back I was exhausted. The next morning I didn't wake up until an owl flew in and dropped my letter right on my head. I grinned. This time was going to be different. I had no Dursleys around, so I could finally be the real me and get the grades I knew I could get. I opened my letter. It still read the same as before with only a slight change in books. I quickly got dressed, ate, and headed out to Diagon. I went to get some parchment, quills, and ink first. After that I got a snack and then headed to Ollivanders. It was on the way there that I heard a shout come from down Knockturn Alley. I asked the shadows to guide me and quickly found myself in front of a 14 year old Lucius Malfoy. A man, who looked like a begger, was pointing a wand at a petrified Lucius. I raised an eyebrow at the man and shook my finger at him. " Not very smart attacking the the Most Noble House of Malfoy like that.", I said. I snapped my fingers and unpetrified Lucius. " Leave now and no harm will come to you.", I told the man. The man snarled and fired off a curse. I flicked my hand and easily shielded us. " My turn.", I said. A rope of fire shot of my hand and wrapped around the prick. He screamed. I stopped, grabbed Lucius by the hand, and let the shadows take us to his father, who was at Gringotts. We alarmed Abraxas as well as the goblins when we stepped out of the shadows right into Gringotts. Lucius immediately went to his father and started whispering in his ear excitedly. Abraxas' eyes widened a bit before resuming their cool expression. He walked over to me, Lucius beside him. " I hear you saved my son's life Mr.?", Abraxas said with his hand extended. " Darian Pendragon sir. Pleasure to meet you. It was no trouble. Now if you'll excuse me I need to buy my wand from Ollivanders. I suppose I'll see you at school Lucius.", I said before turning. A voice stopped me cold. " Aren't you going to introduce us Abraxas?", Voldemort asked. I made sure my shields were in place before turning around. " No need Lord Voldemort. Everyone knows who you are and I know you heard me perfectly well, after all nothing gets past you.", I said. He eyed me for a moment. His eyes hadn't turned red yet. He still looked human. I let mine bleed black for a split second before returning them to normal. His brown eyes widened for just a moment and I smirked. I held out my hand for him to shake. He did and I drew him down to whisper in his ear. " If I wanted to really change the wizarding world for the better I would work from inside the Wizengamot. I would perhaps claim my Gaunt and Slytherin titles and maybe change my name to Thomas Marvolo Gaunt Slytherin. Just a friendly suggestion Milord.", I said in parseltongue to make sure we weren't overheard. He jerked back. " Who are you?", he asked eyes narrowing. " Lord Pendragon, Mryddin, Nimue at your service. Starting Hogwarts in September. Now I really must go. It was nice to meet you.", I grinned before letting the shadows claim me. " Are you alright Lord Voldemort?", Abraxas asked. " I need to have a quick word with my account manager and then we are going to find Lord Pendragon.", he said. I reappeared in front of Ollivanders and laughed until my sides ached. The look on the Malfoys and Tom's faces were priceless. Oh yes. This was going to be fun. I stepped inside once I got control of myself. " Good afternoon, Mr. Pendragon.", Ollivander's creepy voice said. " Good afternoon Mr. Ollivander.", I said. He nodded and began the same lecture he gave all newbies while the tape measure did its thing. He started pulling wands for me to try. After rejecting almost all the ones he brought I finally had enough. I stepped behind the counter and let my hand drift over the boxes. I stopped at one that pulled strongly on my magic and handed it to a shocked Ollivander. I went back to where I was standing before, while he took the wand from its box. " 13 inches, Snakewood with Unicorn hair, Dragon Heartstring, and Pheonix feather as its core.", he said before handing it to me. Silver, gold, and green sparks erupted from the tip. I counted out 30 galleons for the wand and a holster and walked out to see a waiting Dark Lord, Abraxas, and Lucius. " Hello again. I'm off to get my books now. Care to join me?", I asked as I made my way back up the street. Lucius came to my side. " How did you make the shadows do your bidding like that? Or that fire rope without a wand?", he demanded. I sighed and turned to look at all of them. I focused on what Voldemort looked like in my timeline. I shifted and they all took a step back. I morphed back to my normal state and shrugged. " I was born with it.", I turned back around and started skipping to the bookstore. The 3 followed me. Once we were inside I finally asked a question. " So what is the course material like? Also since I have 3 generations here, I need a list of all the books for all 7 years.", I said as I started grabbing first year books. " And you think we will just give it to you?", Thomas snorted. I looked at him with sad green eyes. His breath hitched and a piece of paper appeared in front of me with a list of books. I grinned, gave him a quick hug, and ran off, gathering books. " Did he just...", Abraxas trailed off not quite believing it. Thomas just nodded. What on Gaia's Earth was this child doing to him? I gathered my books and levitated them with my