Title: ClearingRuffians Out Rating: PG Disclaimer: Of course I own nothing, as I'm sure you all realize!  Thank you to the wonderful Marigold for beta-ing for me. I'm always amazed with the things she notices! Written for Marigold's Challenge 16 to write a story based on a starter that has to do with weather. The air was frigid, and what had begun as freezing rain soon changed to driving hail. "Is it much further?" Merry shouted above the storm, hoping that Freddy would hear him. "No, we should reach it in a few minutes!" Freddy called back. It was November 17th, two weeks exactly since the Battle of Bywater. Fredegar Bolger was now leading a troop of hobbits through the hills of Scary, where there had been rumors of Ruffians still lurking about. Much thinner and wiser than the friend they had left behind, Freddy was only a shadow of his former self. This brave hobbit, who had spent the last couple of weeks recovering from starvation and dehydration, now led them to one of his hideouts as a rebel. The one where he had finally been caught. Merry hoped if they could deport these last few Ruffians the hobbits of the Shire could focus on healing. Finally they reached the cave where Freddy and his band had hidden. It sheltered them magnificently from the driving hail and freezing rain. Good thing they weren't any further north or it very well could have been snow and ice, thought Merry. "There should still be a supply of dry wood in the back," said Freddy, removing his pack. "I don't think anyone would have any use for it. Ruffians can't fit as comfortably in here as hobbits can, the ceiling is too low." Wood was gathered and soon a cheerful blaze was burning, chasing away the chill air. There were eighteen of them all together now waiting out the storm in the cave. Besides Merry and Freddy, there was Pippin, Hob and Rob Bracegirdle who were twin brothers, Mason Chubb, Milo Bunce and many more from Freddy's band. There was also Everard Took and Berilac Brandybuck, cousins of Merry and Pippin. They made quite the crew and soon in the manner of hobbits there was laughter and stories being told around the fire. When it was well past midnight they drew lots for the watch and prepared themselves for bed. "Do you think we'll be able to track them after the rain and hail?" Pippin asked, sitting tailor style across from Merry. "I don't know," replied Merry. "Most likely any signs of their passing will have been washed away but then so will ours. It might also make it easier for us to find them. If they are still around here, there will only be new footprints for us to follow." Pippin nodded. "Could be to our advantage, then." He grinned at Merry then settled down into his sleeping roll hoping to sleep soundly before it was his turn to watch. "Besides we have the great Fredegar Bolger, he should be able to point us in the right direction." Pippin grinned over at Freddy. Freddy returned the smile before rolling onto his side to seek his own rest. Next morning Freddy grimaced as he crawled out of his blankets. His hurts were acting up. Those Ruffians had robbed them of so much, not least of all many hobbits' health. He supposed he would always remember the blow that had broken his hand, and in rainy weather he would just remember it more. The hand was now rendered nearly crippled. It was still wet outside the cave, although nothing like the freezing rain and hail of the night before. He had returned from his morning business and begun to help with breakfast preparations when he was suddenly seized with a tremendous coughing fit. His throat and lungs constricted and he had trouble inhaling the air he so desperately needed. He was acutely aware of the hands that guided him to sit down. He forced calm to his desperate mind and relaxed, and after a few agonizing moments he was released from his torment and able to breathe once more. He found many of the other hobbits in the cave were watching him anxiously and forced a smile for their sake. "Are you all right?" Merry knelt beside him, concern plain on his face. "Perhaps we are pushing you too much too soon." He handed Freddy a water bottle. "I'm all right," replied Freddy, taking a sip of water. "In the Lockholes I developed a mild case of the winter sickness and anything the least bit damp might send me into a fit. In fact I'm surprised I didn't come down with anything last night." Merry frowned at him. "You should have told me. I wouldn't have asked that you come along if I had known you had not been feeling well, especially with the weather as it has been." "But I needed to come, Merry," said Freddy, meeting his friend's eye. "I need to see the end of this." Merry sighed and leaning forward took Freddy's good hand in his own. "I can understand your need to see this finished, so that you can put it behind you, but I think you should stay here for today. You can rest a little, and stay warm and dry, while some of us scout the area. Then when we have more of an idea of their exact location and have made a plan you will be well enough to come along." Freddy hesitated. He felt it was his duty to help with this mission and end what he, in a way, had begun months ago. Yet he knew if he were to become ill he could endanger the others. Finally he sighed in resignation. "I will stay today, Milo will be your guide. He is a quiet fellow but he knows this land best." Merry nodded, then glanced around the cave. "Pip," he beckoned his cousin over. "Pippin, I need you to stay here with Freddy today, he isn't feeling so well this morning." Pippin looked at Freddy critically. "What's the matter, Freddy? Are you sickening?" That was the last thing Freddy had expected to hear. The Peregrin Took he knew would have balked at having to stay and baby sit while his beloved older cousin went off on an 'adventure'. "Nothing a little more rest won't cure." "You'll need to look after things and ensure that everything stays dry," said Merry. "We don't want him to worsen in any way before we are able to get him back home." Pippin nodded and limped off, already motioning for the fire to be built higher. Limped? Freddy watched as Pippin did indeed limp back to the fire. "What's the matter with Pip's leg?" Merry smiled humorlessly. "He got hurt pretty badly in a battle he fought in. Strider said he would most likely have a slight limp all his life, and indeed he does, but it isn't that noticeable normally. When the weather is like this it becomes more pronounced and painful. Which is why I asked him specifically to stay with you." Freddy frowned and nodded. "All right, Merry, you take my hobbits and find those Ruffians." Merry grinned and stood up. Half an hour later Pippin watched them leave from the mouth of the cave then turned back and smiled. "Can I get you anything, Freddy? Tea, second breakfast, a quick and painless death?" Freddy laughed. "Tea would be nice." Pippin went about preparing the tea and a bit of bread and cheese to go with it. "I'm sorry, I'm not very good at making a meal over a campfire. Not like Sam." Freddy smiled and ate the provisions. He watched as Pippin milled around for a bit and then went to retrieve some more firewood from the back. He returned and gingerly fed a few more pieces of wood to the fire. Pippin then sat back and watched the flames. Suddenly he seemed as if he were in a trance. Then one of the logs broke and sparks went up. Pippin jerked back and let out a strangled yelp. He glanced furtively at the fire before backing away further than necessary. "Are you all right?" Freddy asked quietly. Pippin turned to him but didn't quite meet his eye, looking past his ear rather. "What is it, Pip? I know we have never been especially close, certainly not like you and Merry. But I am still your friend." Pippin smiled slightly. "I know you are, Freddy, things are just a bit different is all. I'm a bit different." He muttered the last part and looked out the mouth of the cave. "It is so strange to be home but to still have to keep a guard at night, hunt Ruffians, that sort of thing. We always thought we would come home and things would be just the way they were when we left." "I guess I didn't do a very good job of keeping the smial clean while you were all away," said Freddy. "You are certainly not at fault, Fatty-" Freddy smiled at the use of his old nickname. "Things would have been a lot worse if it weren't for you and those like you. Evil would have got in whether or not we were prepared for it. Minas Tirith, that was a City prepared for evil and they still got it, from the inside as well as out." Freddy sat forward. He could nearly see Pippin's mind spinning with tales, likely most of them more unpleasant than the fairy tales that he was most fond of telling. At the same time he sensed that Pippin needed to tell someone of the more difficult things. "Tell me, Pippin. I'll listen to anything you have to say." Pippin looked over at him, seeming to size him up. "Most of it is not pleasant," he said softly. "Though there is a great deal of good as well." "I think I deserve to know at least part of it," replied Freddy, reclining against a couple of packs. "After all, I did know the true reason you set out." "Aye, that you did," Pippin settled comfortably on the floor. "You even encountered one of the greatest evils we met." Freddy knew he had Pippin trapped. Pippin's eyes seemed to glaze over as they focused, not on the present but rather another time. Freddy waited as Pippin began to tell their tale. Freddy wasn't one for having adventures himself but he listened eagerly as Pippin spoke about the Old Forest, and a Willow tree that tried to consume Merry and Pippin. Then the extraordinary Tom Bombadil who appeared from nowhere and rescued them, and then rescued them again a few days later on the Barrow Downs, although Pippin avoided saying exactly what it was they had needed to be rescued from on that occasion. Pippin spoke of the Prancing Pony and their strange encounter with a mysterious Ranger, the attack of the Black Riders on the inn, a harrowing journey through the Wild and an attack that left Frodo wounded and all of them terrified. For a moment Freddy was so caught up in the tale he forgot he was hearing true events but then Pippin paused, overcome, and he looked as though he would cry. Freddy moved discreetly to sit beside the younger hobbit. "Are you all right?" he asked softly. Pippin nodded quickly and drew a hand over his eyes. "We thought we had lost Frodo," he whispered. "That night we thought it had all come to naught and that Frodo would die. But he didn't." And Pippin continued, describing a race against time to get Frodo to Rivendell and to the protection and healing they might find there. Then came an anxious wait in Rivendell. Were they in time to save Frodo? Could the deadly shard be removed? Finally Frodo was on the mend