Lotus Flowers Chapter 1 - Two Parts Underwater Summary: AU - When Poseidon hears the seas cry, he rushes to his eleven year old son's aid but some things even Gods can't fix. He leaves Percy at the Lotus Hotel and Casino, it the hopes of protecting him from the world. But when a new prophecy comes to light, things are have to change. Whether it's for the better or worse, only time will tell. Warnings: Swearing and gore. ... Dark clouds seeping with malice, swirled and churned. A reverberant clanking sound resonated from the skies. Much like a huge anvil was being repeatedly thrown across the corridors of Olympus, smashing everything in its path. The Stygian heavens flared with branched sterling lightning. Hissing and protesting against their prison in the sky, which they had been shackled to since the beginning of time. To say Zeus was miffed with his older brothers was an understatement. The King of Olympus was infuriated, but even with such an impressive loss of temper, he couldn't take his rage out on the God's of Sea and Death. For as simple and complex as the situation appeared, he too had broken their oath. The promise the three made, to sire no more demigod children, had been presumptuous at best. His conceited plan never remotely stood a chance. The rise and fall of his idea to prevent an unfortunate repeat of history, appeared before him in the tattered form of five teenage demigods and a Cyclops. Zeus rubbed his forehead in fatigue, now with the great prophecy coming to light, all the pieces seemed to be falling into place. If events had played out differently, he would have no reason to have been angered by Poseidon. A half Cyclops offspring was perfectly within the law he had set. But Apollo's oracle had given him justification for otherwise. The searing knowledge that the Sea God had sired a demigod child, be it boy or girl, held little relevance. That fact this child existed and their presence hidden from the Zeus enraged him to Tartarus and back. Not only had Poseidon sat looking so smugly on his thrown for all these years. Especially, when it came to attention that Zeus had broken his oath in both Greek and Roman forms to have Thalia and Jason. Then also following by the discovery of Hades' act of conceiving and hiding Nico, Bianca and Hazel. But Poseidon also taken the self righteous aura of being the only one of the three to stay loyal to their oath, reminding his brothers and the Olympic council whenever he got the opportunity. Zeus glanced over to his older brother, the Sea God was agitated to say the least. Knuckles having turned white form gripping his thrown too tight, and hair more unruly than usual. Apart from those outward signs, Poseidon had kept a blank demeanour, making a huge effort to school his features. Portraying very little of his inner turmoil of emotions. Zeus sighed, his brother always seemed to care more deeply for his offspring than the other habitants of Olympus. The Sea God was tracking every wisp of conversation with his eyes, but that did not stop his gaze resting every so often to Hades. His behaviour only caused Zeus to conclude the God of Death knew about Poseidon's mortal child. The possibility still stood to end the demigod's life, as unlikely as that may be, if the council moved to eliminate the child he doubted Poseidon would give up their location willingly. Perhaps Hades would tell? The two never really got on, or had anything particular in common. As the cards stood, this demigod was too much trouble for their worth. ... Zeus was about to speak when Hera grabbed his hand and their eyes met. He was taken back by the unspoken plea hidden deep in those hazel orbs. His wife was the Goddess of marriage, and worrying about the fates of children would generally be Hestia's job. But of course Zeus understood her motives. Even if his wife would not often show her caring sensitive side, for Hades forbid never let it be known Lady Hera actually had emotions, he knew she would never happily see an innocent child put to death. The goddess straighten out in her seat, satisfied Zeus had gotten the message. She had remained true, even when her unfaithful dog of a husband had cheated on her, not once but twice in this century. With the same mortal woman to conceive two of the demigods standing before the council. Their continued existence was not just a testimony of her own stalwartness, but truly her ability to not condemn those who were not to blame. For what say do children have in their parents actions to bring them into this world? The hardships they face from their birthright and monsters they battle, could be considered punishment enough for their parents mistakes. Besides being in Poseidon's favour always held its benefits. Zeus sighed again, there was no reason to remain angry at his brother. One child in comparison to the two himself and three Hades had sired seemed quite insignificant. More so, in realising to hide this demigod, they are unaware of their heritage and powers, untrained and unprepared. The easiest way to hide his child from the Gods and their world, would be to hide who they really were. Zeus smirked inwardly, after all how powerful could this ignorant, inexperienced demigod really be? The throne room continued to buzz with discussions, arguments and theories on the child's phantom existence, even the demigods whispered ideas amongst themselves. "Brother." Zeus turned to address the Sea God, "I ask how to managed to hide this child of yours from us for so long?" Poseidon gave a small unsure smile, laced with the pride of fooling not only Olympus, but also every monster that walks the earth. "Zeus, as much as I would enjoy gloating, I will see the decision this council makes before I reveal something so important." Zeus went to argue, but the thought of Hera beside him caused his tone to stay steady. No good would come from starting a fight with Poseidon, and the God of the Skies had a sneaking suspicion both his brothers had some sort of temporary truce. If his actions today lead to another war, it would ultimately be their children who suffered most. No wonder Hera was so desperate for him to keep his temper and outrage for being humiliated in check. "Very well, brother. I believed it's time to see what exactly that entails." Poseidon gave a weary nod, showing the facade of being ready to accept the uncertain outcome. "SILENCE!" Zeus roared, his thunderbolt crackling by his side. The room fell confessionally quiet. Last second words turned to ash in mouths, and nervous glances were shared by all. "My fellow Gods and Goddesses you have had your chance to persuade or be persuaded on the fate on Lord Poseidon's child. Should this council move to allow the demigod to live, the five before you along with two others of their choice will fulfil the oracle's prophecy to rescue and bring back the demigod. But if not, and the council sees it fit, this child will be executed for their continued existence." Zeus paused, he saw Poseidon shake from the corner of his eye, the roar of the sea echoed dimly in the room. The worried and frighten looks on his children's faces for their lost cousin, made the king of Olympus hesitate in his decrement. "Then Hades will send the Minotaur to serve as final judgement. All those in favour for that latter raise your hands." The throne room radiated with Zeus' overpowering voice. Eyes shot over to Athena as she unwaveringly raised her hand. Apollo sent her a questioning look, but all realised it was too much to ask the Goddess of Wisdom to get over her hatred for Poseidon. Her wake was followed by Ares and Dionysus, who pitted themselves against the God of the Sea, one in spite and one for the laugh. Zeus opened his mouth to speak when Artemis' steady voice filled the room. "I have a question for Poseidon," she said ignoring all mannerisms, "before I cast my vote." Thalia and Bianca looked up to the leader of the huntresses, knowing full well what she would ask before the others caught on. "Tell me now, is this child a boy or a girl?" She asked coolly. Poseidon struggled with himself for a moment, he didn't have to answer but not answering in itself was the biggest give away. He sighed, "a boy, Lady Artemis." The Goddess of the Hunt lived up to her man-hating reputation, lifting her hand. Huffing in disappointment, she turned to avoid Thalia and Bianca's accusing eyes in the process. Poseidon scowled, just because she managed to sink her claws into the daughters of Zeus and Hades, did not mean she would be allowed to take his child into her hunt. That is, if he'd been a girl. A smile crossed Athena's face. Four votes were not enough to disillusion the council, she was now under no mirage she could win the verdict. But still, it was enough to make the others register the mixture and unbalance in their opinions towards another offspring of the Big Three. "Noted, please raise your hand for the child's survival." Poseidon's hand tentatively rose, the whole ideal had rested heavily on his shoulders. Causing an all out disagreement between himself and Lady Amphitrite's jealously, when she couldn't decide exactly how she felt towards the legacy of her husband's latest betrayal. However, now the lines of worry were being plastered over by relief. With just four votes to beat, he was almost in the clear. On instinct, Thalia had to grab Jason's wrist to stop the blonde from raising his hand in panic. Aphrodite beamed as Zeus, Hera, Apollo, Hephaestus, Hermes and herself followed in the Sea God's lead, and the council was overruled. She was more than eager to meet this new son of Poseidon, children of the Sea were naturally as good, or if not better looking than some of her own offspring. Absentmindedly she wondered if that had anything to do with the way she came to exist. Rising from the sea foam, and whatnot. The Goddess of Love bit her lower lip in anticipation, day-dreamily picturing a young, lean man with eyes that clash somewhere between green and blue. "Soooo..." She drawled as casually as possible. "How old is he?" Poseidon looked over at Aphrodite, and winked. "Twelve, he's too young for the prophecy, and too young for you." He turned to Athena next, "and you tell your offspring to keep their distance. They may look but they're not allowed to touch." The Goddess of Wisdom spattered in shock and slowly rose from her thrown, a deep rage laced her strong features. " Why you , my children would never associate-" "ENOUGH!" Zeus boomed, too tired for their petty squabble. His daughter quickly sunk back down to her seat, quite possibly more miffed at Poseidon, than her father had been at the beginning of the meeting. ... Nico stilled and stood wide eyed in shock. Just like himself there was another demigod who didn't qualify for the great prophecy. After Thalia and Bianca had chosen to join Artemis' huntresses, Jason and Hazel had been left to battle for first place. Of course, Hazel couldn't have been less bothered about the position for Hero of Olympus, that was just her nature. But it left Jason on top, and Zeus had been extremely big headed about his son's title. The son of Hades had been surprised, to say the least, at the King of the God's decision to allow Poseidon's son to walk freely. Knowing full well he could of been a threat to Jason's standing. But he wondered if that choice had been