Jasper I pleaded to my mother and my father to change their minds as we left the airport in Memphis. They weren't hearing a single word of it. Were heading to Forks, Tennessee, where they'd decided I was to spend the rest of my days as a minor. That equals out to two years. Two years of fucking nothing! Dirt roads, trees, cotton fields or soybeans. That was all there was to see. I officially hate my life. I can't really say that I didn't see this coming though. My mama and daddy gave me a million chances. I've been arrested a few times, always on underage drinking charges. I've had my license revoked, which was something that didn't help my case at all when I was brought into the ER three weeks ago after crashing my car into a guardrail on the road. I got bruised up, and my leg was shattered, but I was mostly okay. The doctor suggested my parents send me to rehab, but my father thought sending me to live with my older sister in the middle of fucking nowhere,would be a better option. Or a worse punishment. Don't get me wrong now, I love my sister, I just hate Forks. If it were Memphis, or Nashville it'd be liveable, but it's two hours away from the city. Well, two hours away from Memphis, maybe more from Nashville. My friends are all in Texas, my life is there. Even though I have a drinking problem, I've managed to create myself a pretty good academic profile there. What the hell will I be able to do in Forks that will make a difference? Find a new way to milk cows...Maybe start a project to get people to recycle the fifteen rusty cars they keep parked in their front yards. I need a drink, or a pain pill...maybe both. My leg is throbbing and thinking about the fact that I'll be stuck in hell for two years is giving me a headache. "Jasper, you alright back there?" "Yes Mama, I'm alright." "Your sister's making chicken. Your grandma's recipe." "Oh." Tanya, my sister, has always been closer to my maternal grandmother than to my parents. That's actually the reason she's even in Tennessee. My mother's mother lived there. She has a house there at least a hundred years old. Tanya grew up with her, I think. She's about ten years older than me, so I only remember flashes of her but I always remember her being in Forks. She has her own bar and grille in Forks, called The Hut. That was something different because most of my relatives work to create, distribute, etc... Whitlock whiskey, beer, amd wine. The company is nearly a hundred years old. Right now my father is the head of it, his hopes are to pass it down to me. I want it, but I don't know if I'll need it. My mama's business is a chain of spas around the country. Tanya didn't much care to go down that path and I didn't either. She did attend beauty school a few months before turning somebody's hair cotton candy pink and flunking out, though. When we got to the house I didn't recognize it. Of course, it was shaped the same way. It was a plantation style house. Huge columns, wrap around balcony, and shining windows. The bulk of it was white, with olive green trimming that matched the vines that were intricately creeping up the side of the house. Before we could knocked the door opened and there stood Tanya. She was blonde, tall, but not taller than me, and intimidating. She hugged us all, kissing my mother and father on the cheek and ruffling my hair. I hate it when she ruffles my hair. The house didn't look the same. The stuffy burgundy and gold wallpaper was gone. The walls were white. In fact, all the old stuffy decor that my grandma had was gone and replaced with crisp, modern style. Well, at least it would sort of look like home. I hopped up the stairs to where the rooms were. My father attempted to help but I refused it. I was thinking if I acted angry enough they'd change their minds. My room was blue. It had a desk, a bed, and all the clothes and little items my parents had shipped while I was in the hospital. I plopped down on the bed and a few seconds later, Tanya told my mother to follow her because she was going to show her the rest of the house. My father sat down on the bed beside me and he clapped me on the shoulder so hard that it stung. "Did I ever tell you, about your uncle Kevin," he asked. "No daddy, you never told me about Kevin." "Well... he was a lot like you. Smart as hell in school, no common sense though... drank like a fish too. He started young and at first it was thrilling. I was right along with him. I mean, how would it look... we were the future inheritance of an alcohol empire, we had to drink, right?" "I don't know." "Eventually I stopped, Kevin kept on. He couldn't stop himself. I tried to get my daddy to send him away. Folks were constantly offering to take him into their programs but my daddy never did anything. We must have gotten a million calls from the police because Kevin was out doing this, or that, causing trouble or just being annoying, but one night we got a different kind of call. I could tell by my daddy's voice that this wasn't the usual run of the mill late night call. Kevin wrapped his car around a tree." "I'm sorry to hear that." "When we got that call a few weeks ago, I had flashbacks. Seeing you in that hospital bed let me know that we had to do something. I don't think you're bad enough for rehab yet son. But you have a drinking problem and I think part of it is your environment. Your friends. Plus, Tanya can keep a better eye on you. I know you might hate me for uprooting you like this, but I'd rather you hate me now and live, than die because I didn't do a damned thing to help." I never cry. I was ten the last time I did, only because some girl kicked me in the nuts. This time I did cry though, hard. My dad hugged me and ruffled my hair, he patted me on the back and handed me one of the tissues aptly placed in a box on my nightstand. "I'm going downstairs to catch up with your sister and see the renovations. Call if you need help getting down." My father left my new room and I lay back on the bed, recalling what little I remembered of the night I had the wreck. I remember being at Peter and Charlotte's party. Maria broke it off with me to be with some other guy. I drank all the beer I could. I didn't stay long enough to get violent in my inebriation, but I did stay long enough to see Maria making out with her new beau. I said some fucked up stuff, Peter pulled me away, handed me another drink and I left with it in my hands. The rain started when I was on the road. It was hard just to keep my eyes open and the water looking like karo syrup on my windshield didn't help a bit. Then again, if I'd remembered how to use to wipers I would have fared better, at least when it came to the weather. Well, before I knew it the rain cleared out a bit and I was able to see, just barely. I saw that I was on the wrong side of the road so I swerved back to my side, making my car turn around and hit the guardrail that kept people from going off deadman's cliff. I hit my head, the air bag hit me in and face and my leg was pinned between the crushed metal, so there was nothing I could do but pass out and wait to either wake up and confirm I lived, or never wake up and assume I'd died. I've made some pretty crappy decisions. Drinking too much was one of them. Drinking too much and driving was definitely one of my poorest decisions. Dating Maria was a pretty poor decision too. I dated her against my better judgment. I knew she was no good from the beginning. She's not the type that can be faithful, yet something compelled me to look the other way. I'd get drunk at parties so that I would pretend not to see her flirting with every, attractive man or woman within a two-step radius. I'd always hoped she'd come around and see that I loved her but she never did and at that party that night, it broke me. Seeing her openly kissing another person, making me look like a fool before I could even have time to make myself look like a fool. I hate her now. All I could seem to think about was Maria, how I need something stronger than water, and how much I don't want to be here. The day faded away quickly and before I knew it, moonlight was splashed across my walls and my mother was coming to bring my dinner. "Jasper... Tanya made your favorite. Grandma's chicken with mashed potatoes and gravy. I brought you a coke to drink." "I'm not hungry." "Oh come on now. You've never been able to resist this and you've barely been eating for weeks. I know you're mad abou..." "It's not that, well it is, but not only that." "It's that girl, Maria isn't it?" "..." "Look, she did what she did and it's over now. Take it as a lesson and move on. You're handsome and smart, when you actually use the sense that God gave you. Don't get all hung up over her, she was temporary from the start. I'll leave this for you baby boy, don't let it get too cold." When my mother left I turned around on the bed. The food did smell and look good, but it tasted even better. The chicken was tender and juicy; the potatoes were mashed to perfection with little bits of skin and lumps of character throughout. It was almost as good as my grandmother's recipe, but it didn't quite have that signature touch. I guess I'd say this is the next best thing. The coke completed the meal and when I was done I found myself happy that my mother has an undying need to feed me, most of the time. The food didn't make me feel happier, but it did fill a very tiny void inside me. After sulking for only heaven knows how long, I finally went down into the family room where my parents and Tanya were watching the news. Apparently, somebody has been tipping cows over in the night here and it's making the people angry. The cows are nervous and two of them have suffered broken ribs and near death by suffocation. Though I'm not a bovine sadist, I couldn't help but laugh as the broadcast. Alice I kept my eye on the needle of my sewing machine. The last thing I want to do is attach my bloody finger to Victoria's virgin white pageant dress. I'd never get the blood out of the fabric and the sequins would probably be stained as well. There isn't enough time to make another either. The miss silver pageant is in two weeks and we are in the final stages of fitting. It's a really big deal in Forks and any girl who even remotely thinks she's hot stuff shows up, twirls around and answers those stupid questions