So...I got bored and started writing again. As usual, I don't mean to copy anyone's work. If there are similar stories, I don't know but my intention is to write something that came from my head and mine alone. My requirements are still the same; one like, fav, or follow and this story will continue. I only need one person who wants to read it for me to continue. I'll be the first to say I'm not a big fan of stories that start and don't have any kind of reference to both of the main characters, but I'm asking for some time here. Bear with me and hopefully the story will be entertaining. With that said, if you can wait, they'll meet in a couple of chapters. Again, bear with me. Disclaimer: I own nothing. Just working with the idea. For the longest time, it was like Peeta was just existing in a world he didn't belong to. He used to be a happy person, but that was a long time ago; back when his mother was around. His mother, she was all he ever had; well, her and his paternal grandmother. As a boy, he had been a happy, joyful child. His mother dedicated all her attention to him because he was the baby and his two older brothers were long gone from home. You wouldn't see Peeta complaining though. His mother loved him dearly; he was the twinkle in her eye. She loved him for many reasons, one being that he was a constant reminder of what used to be for her. Peeta took after his father. Of the three boys, he was the only one who was blonde blue eyed and he reminded his mother of a better time, when his father, her husband, was always around; blissful and complacent with the smallest of blessings. She didn't resent Peeta for being that reminder, instead she adored him more, clinging to the hope that her husband might one day come around. You see, there was a time when Albert and Mary Mellark had been happy in a tiny little cottage on the edge of the lake, along with meaningless, dead-end jobs. They had both runaway from their families and eloped; his parents never approved of her and hers of him. But as his wife, became his son, then two sons, by the time Peeta came around, Albert Mellark had made something of himself. He was and is one of the wealthiest men alive. Unfortunately for the Mellarks, his new career path came with long times away from home. She was okay with a few days, then a few months, but when she only saw her husband a couple times annually, she almost lost herself; until baby Peeta made an appearance. It had happened one night, she and him had been arguing over his sudden disappearance and lack of attention towards his family. Their sons were grown and he had missed all of it. She yelled, he shouted, she cried, and he stormed out. But when he came back with the most simplest displays of affection, to apologize, and not one of those crazy, lavishly extravagant gifts she knew they could now afford, she knew she hadn't completely lost her husband. He left to go back to his business ventures after and nine months later, Peeta came into the world. So, she was never sad about Peeta being born because every time she looked into his eyes, she was reminded that he was most definitely his father's son; that her husband was a good man and she might still be able to have what they once had. She refused to believe that the man she married was gone and when she would doubt it, she just had to look at her Peeta. Mary spoiled her son to no end, giving him everything his brothers were never able to have. She also became aware of her husband's mother's attempts at getting back into his life. He had refused her attempts, claiming she had shunned him out of her life and he would do the same. Mary, on the other hand, could only hope her parents thought of her or even remembered her before they had also turned from her. She knew his mother wasn't trying to weasel her way back for monetary reasons; Lucinda Mellark was of old money and Albert had come from all that, but abandoned all of it to marry his wife. Lucinda was trying to make everything right with her son and his family and whatever the reason, she was just another thing Mary's sons never had; so Peeta got all her attention. Albert's mother became another person who loved Peeta dearly and, again, Mary wasn't going to deny her son anything. Life had been good for the first nine years of Peeta's life. He had a mother and grandmother who loved him more than life itself; a father, who he rarely ever saw or knew existed, but he sent him presents and told him he loved him in his birthday card, so young Peeta was happy with that. He never could complain that he was hungry or lacked a place to sleep as the mansion he grew up in was more than adequate. But of course, with all the blessings in his life, it couldn't all last. His mother was struck with a sudden illness only a couple months from his tenth birthday. He sat by her bed everyday, waiting and hoping that it was simply the flu and it would all pass. And it did pass, or rather she did a few weeks later. He was with his two older brothers and his grandmother on that day, when his mother had whispered to him to be strong. Peeta had tried so very hard to heed her words, but he couldn't be when his strength died with her. He cried so much that day and at the funeral; at ten years old, Peeta had lost himself in a depression so deep that even his grandmother or the local doctors could get him through. So when his father came around a few months later, he wasn't having any of it. He claimed that his son, a Mellark, was no coward . He had quickly snatched him out from his mother's, Peeta's grandmother's, care and took him away. But that only made things worse and at ten years old, Peeta resented his father for taking that last bit of hope away from him. His small, incapable mind saw a flicker of light and started to think that maybe his father was finally living up to his title; that he was going to finally take care of him like a parent would. Peeta was sadly mistaken when his father interned him into the best hospital the country had available. He remembers his father dropping to one knee in front of him and telling him to be strong. Peeta's world shattered right in front of him yet again. His mother was gone, his grandmother as well, and now his father had abandoned him. As someone placed a hand on his shoulder, Peeta looked up at the man, who wore a smile on his face, and wondered how long this person would be in his life. Would they abandon him too? His first week there, Peeta spent staring at walls and looking through the various doctors who examined him. It was only when his grandmother came to visit that his eyes beamed with happiness. They had hugged each other tightly as she explained to him what was happening, but his young age couldn't make any sense of it. So an hour later, when her visitation was up, Peeta clung to her and cried as he was forcibly removed from her grasp. His grandmother quickly swallowed up her tears, turned, and left the hospital. Peeta thought it was all a rouse, an incredibly crude thing to do; to tease a child with something they so desperately craved, for what? If it was to get something out him, the doctors would get nothing out of him. A week and no progress later, his grandmother came back. She tried again to explain the situation to young Peeta, but Peeta knew this was a trick. His grandmother was going to come for a little bit in hopes that the doctors could figure out what was wrong; well, Peeta was still not having any of it. It wasn't until Peeta realized that his grandmother, who came every week like clockwork, was coming only for him and not at the request of anybody, that he finally began to listen. She had tried everything to get him out of this place, but his father had guardianship and his wishes were final. So until Peeta could leave, his grandmother would come visit him every week. When could he leave, he had asked, but she didn't know; only until he got better , everyone was telling him. Peeta nodded and hugged his grandmother tightly that day with the new resolve that he would so that he could go home with her one day. Weeks turned into months, months to years, until Peeta lost track of time. He thought he was better now; a little recluse and he didn't smile as much but overall better. Still, he had to earn privileges to go outside and be left alone with a colored pencil, which he didn't understand. He only ever found out why they monitored him so closely when one of the patients there had told him. They're afraid you're going to stab yourself in the throat. The man had laughed and patted him on the back before continuing his morning workout through the rec hall. Peeta never, not once, thought of killing himself and apparently the pencil in his hand could be used to complete said task. He was even doing exceptionally well in school, despite the situation. Apparently, the country's best hospital was also one of the country's best boarding schools. When they told him he was well enough to start school, Peeta had genuinely been happy. He was finally going to be able to leave, walk outside, and just get some fresh air; but the doctors had always been dream squashers. The school was connected through a simple set of hallways to the hospital, which meant he was unable to go outside even for a minute of fresh air. Still, school was a breath of fresh air in a way. Everyone there was a lot different from the hospital. Peeta was surprised he didn't send out signals that he wasn't one of them or that they made him wear some indicator that he was part of the other wing to this place. As he looked around the room his first day of school, his classmates were just that. Kids his age, learning. Peeta scratched his head and wondered if any of them were in the situation he was in, but he didn't recognize any of them. He guessed that they were normal , whatever that word meant. He was fourteen when he met Finnick Odair. Finnick was a bad boy gone wild. He never really made it known if it was his crazy way of living that got him in here, but one thing was clear; he was smart. He quickly settled into the routine of the hospital, but that was just a to trick the doctors. They thought he was okay, a smooth talker, and instantly gave him privileges it took years for Peeta to earn. Among the patients, he became the guy you go to when you needed something. There were also rumors that he was getting real familiar with not only the female patients, but staff as well. Because Peeta and him seemed to be at the complete opposite end of the polar caps, they instantly hit it off and became friends. Finnick was the first one to introduce Peeta to drinking and other