Once again, I'm back with yet another story. For those of you that followed along with last story, you already got a glimpse of what this story is about; you'll get that and more in this first chapter. Just like I warned back then, I might be pushing the envelope by creating the age gap, however minimal I think it might be. But several of you who did read the preview commented that the gap was nothing and I should go ahead and post what I want. So I'm doing just that. I'm still incredibly busy with life but I can't stop writing. I love it and hopefully it will help me improve as well as keep you guys entertained. Like it always has been, a fav/follow will keep this story going. I just want to thank everyone that supports past, present, and future. Shout out also to the people who wished me a happy writer's appreciation day. I had no idea that was a thing but am humbled that anyone would think of me. As for reviews, let me know how you're feeling, what you want to read, or think is going to happen. I'm not as far in this story as I usually am when I post a first chapter so you might just see what you want, if you review that is. Disclaimer: I own nothing; simply working with the idea. It's so weird for Katniss to see her mother smiling and laughing so much. Not since her father was alive has she seen her like she currently was. Katniss was pretty sure it had to do with the guy her mother was seeing. They met at the hospital where Katniss' mother works. He came in to reset his shoulder after he fell off a ladder fixing his roof. According to her mother, they just clicked and have been seeing each other since. She thinks his name is Patrick or something; Katniss only ever calls him by his last name anyway: Mr. Mellark. Sure enough, he's a nice guy. He's always smiling, he's funny, not to mention he's pretty good looking for an older guy. But mostly, he very clearly makes her mother happy. Neither Katniss or her mother had time for anything so the fact that her mother had a boyfriend was a big deal. But even with the boyfriend and the limited time on her hands, the two women found at least a day out of the week to have some girl time. Since she was a girl, it was tradition for her and her mother to have some weekly girl time at a cafe just down the street from their home. Katniss wasn't too big on coffee but she loved the cheese buns and all the variety of teas they had. She didn't come though for the pastries but to bond with her mother. Katniss' mom worked mostly nights at the hospital. Katniss had school in the morning and work in the afternoon so the two barely saw each other throughout the week. She secretly cherished these moments with her mother, but her rebellious teenage side wouldn't allow for it to show. "So...everything is going well with Mr. Mellark?" Katniss asks her mother. "Yea. Things are great actually." "When do you even see him?" Katniss very rarely sees him in the afternoons so she can't help but wonder. "In the mornings, mostly." She clears her throat. "When you're at school..." Katniss can't help but chuckle softly. So that's when they found the time. Ms Everdeen plays with her cup of coffee while she looks out the window. Something was clearly bothering her. "Mom? What's up?" Ms Everdeen turns to her daughter with a soft smile. "There's something I have to talk to you about." "Okay..." "Is there anything I can get you? More cheese buns?" Her mother asks. To Katniss, it's very clearly a tactic to butter her up for something. "No thanks, Mom. Now what's up?" "Well, you know how Patrick and I have been going out for over a year and half now..." "Yea..." "First, how do you feel about him?" "Me?" Her mother nods. "Mom, if you think I'm going to steal him from you-" Her mother playfully ruffles Katniss' hair. "I mean, yea he's got this older man allure to him but..." They share a laugh for a moment before her mother speaks clearly again. "But really, how do you feel about him?" Katniss shrugs. "He's cool with me. You know he says he has a lake house down by Bordle Creek?" Katniss has a brochure of the place nailed to the wall in her bedroom. According to the brochure pictures, it was a beautiful place to visit. Katniss had never been camping but the appeal was great. She absolutely loved the outdoors and it had been a life goal to go there one day. Now all she had to do was raise the two thousand dollars it took to just rent a cabin down there. "I know. He says he wants to take us but I said I needed to run it by you." "Hell yes, Mom! I've only wanted to go there since, I don't know, I was a little girl! Dad said-" But she cuts herself off at the mention of her father. She didn't know if the pain would ever go away. Her mother places a reassuring hand over Katniss'. "I miss him too, sweetie." "But, Mr. Mellark is cool too." She knows that her mother is asking for some sort of approval from her daughter. "You know I'm not asking for him to replace your father in any way." Katniss nods. "I know. I'm just glad that you've found someone who can make you happy again." She squeezes her mother's hand. "Which makes me happy, Mom." Her mother smiles sweetly at her daughter. "The reason why I ask any of this," her mother clears her throat. "Katniss, he asked me to marry him." Her eyes go wide for a moment. "Really?" "Yea, but I don't know-" "What do you mean, you don't know ?! He's crazy about you and you're crazy about him! What's to think about?!" "You." She says simply. "It's not as simple now in our lives. I have you to think about and Patrick has a son too." "Really? I've never seen him." "He's in college but you two both are a huge part of our lives. I'd never say yes to such a life altering even without your say and Patrick needs to know that his son is okay with him getting remarried." "Well, I'm completely okay with it, I'm just not sure how the living situation is going to go." Their two room apartment was a bit small, even for the two of them. Adding another member to the household would be a tight fit. "We've been discussing that. We wouldn't actually move in together until after we're married. After which, we'd buy a house." "A house?! Wow." Katniss laughs softly. "That's crazy but I definitely have no objections to moving to a bigger place." "I'm sure you don't." Her mother says with a laugh. "But Mom, I am happy for you. I'm happy good things are finally happening to you." "To us, sweetie. Patrick is a good man." "I know." Katniss laughs. "I'm just thinking about what you said to the poor man! Evelyn, will you marry me? Um, I have to ask my daughter first. What is that, Mom?!" "Hey, I'm being responsible here!" They laugh quietly between them. "But what does his son think?" "According to Patrick, he's ecstatic about the fact that his father is getting married. But I just can't take his word. His son comes home from his study abroad in August. I won't marry Patrick until we meet him." "I hope he's nice." But Katniss groans. With her luck, she was probably about to inherit a jackass for a step-brother. "Dad!" "Son!" The two men embrace in a tight manly hug. "You look...the same!" They embrace again. He hasn't seen his son in over a year. "Let me take that for you." "It's okay." He says as he throw his bag over his shoulder and makes his way into the room. His father walks next to him as they make their way to the living room where everyone is waiting. "Evelyn, this is my boy. This is Peeta!" He proudly introduces. Peeta places his bag down on the floor next to the couch. "It's so nice to finally meet you." Ms Everdeen offers him her hand but Peeta hugs her instead. "My father only says great things about you." He tells her as he lets her go. "I'm so glad he's met you." "I'm so glad he dislocated his shoulder too." They laugh while Peeta looks past her to the young woman standing behind her. "So you must be Katniss..." His blue eyes stare into her eyes making Katniss shudder softly. Never has she seen such hot looking guy in her life. She should have known though; Mr. Mellark was a clear indicator of what qualities his son could possess. Not unlike his father, Peeta was tall, with broad shoulders, short silky blonde hair, and strong chin to match. Katniss hadn't been lying when she said Mr. Mellark was attractive but Peeta, my god, he was perfection. "H-hi." She's almost afraid he's going to hug her too because if he did, he'd clearly be able to feel the heat coursing through her body at the moment. Luckily, he simply reaches out his hand to her which she shakes hesitantly. "Pleasure to meet you as well." His voice is a lot lower, not as playful as it was when he'd greeted her mother. It's like everything is happening in slow motion after that moment because she swears she sees something in Peeta that stirs her down to the core. Katniss swears he stares at her for so much longer then he looks at anyone else. She also swears she can see his pupils darken slightly when he rakes over her body. No one else seems to notice which is fine with Katniss. If they didn't notice what, to her, seemed like him blatantly checking her out, they surely wouldn't notice what her intentions were; to claim Peeta as hers. There were a lot of things on her to-do-list as a teenager. Alongside going to Bordle Creek and going to college, was to have the best sex she's ever had. She was no stranger to make-out locations or the slag heap. Maybe she should be ashamed that at the ripe age of sixteen she's slept with a little less then a handful of guys but she couldn't help it. When she'd done it the first time, it left her curious. Was sex the same with all boys? What about men? Is it better with experience? It just left so many unanswered questions, which Katniss was determined to get to the bottom of. From the conversation at dinner, at least the part Katniss had spent listening too and not shamelessly checking Peeta out, she'd found out a slew of information. Peeta was a twenty year old junior going on to his last year of college. He'd spent the year abroad in the UK studying art and architecture. He was majoring in engineering. He liked to paint and cook. He had dimples on both sides of his cheeks. He had the most perfect smile she'd ever seen and his eyes seemed to shift into several different shades of blue. Before she even knows what's happening, she has one elbow on the table, her cheek pressed against her hand as she eyes Peeta with a crooked smile. "Katniss!" Her mother barks but she doesn't take her eyes off Peeta who seems determined not to lose the staring contest they're having. "Huh..." "Peeta asked you a question..." "Huh..." Katniss asks stupidly as she continues to look at him. "I