Back again but this time with a sequel! I usually can't stand sequels simply because they're never as good as the original works but I thought I'd give it a shot. And because you guys requested it. You guys wanted a sequel to Witness Protection so here it is. I hope I can keep you guys as interested in this one as I did with the first part. It's not going to start with a bang like the first one but there's a setup for a bang. You don't have to read Witness Protection to understand what's going on in this story but there are definitely references to the previous story and you might not pick up on certain things if you aren't caught up. So you don't have to read the first part, but I definitely recommend you do. With that written, shout out to all the new readers and returning readers to this series. After all, you guys are the reason this sequel is up. Like always, let me know how much you love/hate it by hitting that fav/follow/review button. Thanks so much. Disclaimer: I own nothing; Simply working with the idea. "Peeta, please not now." Katniss moans. "What do you mean, not now ?" He says as he trails a hand up the back of her shirt. " Now is the perfect, and possibly, the only time." She turns to face him. Peeta pulls her into him and kisses her slowly. "We can't Peeta." "Yes we can." He gently pushes her onto her back and crawls in between her legs. "God how I love that you're going commando." "Didn't get a chance to put them on since last night." She giggles against his lips before he kisses her deeply. He kicks his boxers off and quickly thrusts into her. "We have to be quick." She moans. He chuckles. "Quick has become my new middle name." Peeta hitches one of her legs over his waist and thrusts hard into her. "Yes, Peeta..." She moans into his ear. "Katniss," he captures her lips in a kiss to drown out their moans and pants as Peeta picks up the pace. The only sounds that resonate are those of skin on skin and muffled moans. "Katniss, I can't..." He drops his hand to caress her intimately. "Peeta please..." She begs. Katniss throws her head up to the ceiling in the pleasure. His fingers press harder against her clit. She can only hold on to his strong shoulders as her release finds her quicker than she anticipated. Peeta follows shortly after with a groan he drowns out into the crook of Katniss' neck. "That wasn't so bad." Peeta chuckles. "No, but that couldn't wait until later tonight?" "You never know..." He mumbles into her neck. "We might not get a chance..." "Why-" Katniss doesn't get a chance to finish because the door to their bedroom swings open and in bounces their three-year-old daughter, Madeline. "Mommy! Daddy!" She climbs onto their bed forcing Peeta to quickly scramble around for his boxers. The last thing he needed was to have to explain anything to their baby girl about boys. "Good morning, Maddy." Katniss distracts their daughter from Peeta's distress. "Mommy! Why are you still in bed?" She grabs Katniss' hand and tries to drag her out of the bed. "Let's go watch cartoons!" Maddy can't get far before she feels her father's arms around her small body. She squeals as Peeta hugs her tightly and nuzzles his face against hers. "Daddy! You're fuzzy!" "What is my little girl up to this morning?" Peeta asks. "Cartoons!" "What happened to that scary movie my big girl wants to watch?" She hides her face in his chest and whimpers. "Peeta!" Katniss shakes her head. She didn't want her watching those things. Peeta shakes his own head and gives her a just kidding face. "I'm scared, Daddy." Maddy admits. "Of what?" "The monster in the movie." She frantically shakes her head in fear. "Hey, hey, hey..." Peeta grabs her shoulders. "You know those things aren't real." "They're not?" He shakes his head. "Will you watch with me then?" "Peeta..." Katniss warns. Peeta laughs. "There's my brave girl!" He signs to her. Maddy makes the same sign before he tackles her onto the bed, smothering her in kisses. She'd forget what they were talking about shortly. Katniss can't help but smirk at the two of them; she was a daddy's girl to the end. Her thoughts drift to when she was pregnant. Peeta had been forever attentive to her and her fears. Katniss was scared at various times of her pregnancy but there Peeta was, holding her and later talking to their baby. Then she remembers when Maddy was born. They both hadn't been able to hold back the tears once their baby made it into the world. Katniss had made it through her pregnancy fears and, surprisingly, she wasn't scared of what was to come. Just watching her husband with their daughter, how could she be scared when all their daughter did was bring them joy. But new, unexpected fears surfaced quickly. When Maddy was a newborn, she'd been unresponsive to sound. Whenever people would talk to her, she'd look away and not pay the sound any mind. The doctors thought she might be deaf. It had been a lot for the both of them to take in. Peeta had reassured Katniss that everything was going to be okay. Once he'd taken care of Katniss, he'd spent the time researching deafness. He'd bought every book on the topic and even went as far as learning sign language. Peeta spent all the time in the world teaching sign language to both Maddy and Katniss. It was the first thing Maddy learned how to do, sign everything. Then, one day, Maddy just responded. Peeta was in the kitchen yelling out to Katniss, who was in the living room. Katniss noticed Maddy following their conversation; and then she'd yelled out her first word. They'd taken Maddy to the doctor the first chance they got. The doctor couldn't believe it himself; he had no explanation for why Maddy could suddenly hear. The only reasoning he could come up with was that maybe she'd fooled them all; that she was just a curious baby who'd been too distracted by the world to listen to anybody. By that time, both Peeta and Maddy had managed to master sign language. So now, seeing as Katniss had barely gotten down the basics, it had become their secret language. "Mommy!" Maddy yells breaking Katniss out of her thoughts. "Help me!" "Let her go, Peeta." He momentarily stops his assault to look at Katniss. "Mmm... No!" He switches tactics. Instead of kissing Maddy, he tickles her. "Mom!" She squeals between laughter. Katniss rolls her eyes before she reaches underneath the sheets and gently, but firmly, backhands Peeta below the waist. "Oof!" Peeta releases Maddy who scrambles into Katniss' arms. "Katniss!" He groans as he rubs his manhood. Maddy laughs while Katniss smirks at him. "I told you to let her go." Katniss gently runs her hand through Maddy's hair. She looks up to Katniss with a smile. Maddy was almost an exact replica of her; dark hair, olive skin, but had Peeta's piercing blue eyes. "Mommy, you have to show me how you do that!" "Do what, baby?" "Stop Daddy!" Katniss laughs. "When you're older." "Yea..." Peeta groans. "A lot older." He massages himself, trying to soothe the pain. "Are you guys coming downstairs?" Maddy asks them. "Give us a minute. Okay, sweetie?" She throws her arms around both her parents and kisses their cheeks before she scrambles off the bed. Katniss throws her legs over the edge of the bed but Peeta wraps an arm around her waist. "Where are you going?" "To attend to our daughter." She pushes up to stand but Peeta keeps her in place. "Peeta, come on!" "You owe me for that little stunt..." He sits up, wraps his arms around her, and kisses the back of her neck. "Do I?" She turns in his grasp, kissing him back down. Her hand roams down his chest, slipping into his pants. She wraps her hand around him and begins stroking him until he's fully erect. "You're so bad..." She whispers. "I am..." He concedes. He reaches for her but she suddenly pulls away. "Katniss?" "That's your punishment for being bad. Now get up and help me with breakfast!" Peeta throws his head back with a groan as Katniss leaves him alone with his raging hard on still at attention. "Is Mommy coming?" Maddy asks Peeta. He lifts her up into his arms and walks them over to Katniss. "No. Mommy's staying here." He kisses her sweetly. "Yea," Katniss kisses Maddy on the cheek. "By the time you guys get back from the park, I'll have dinner waiting." Peeta laughs. "What?" "You're going to cook?" Katniss takes Maddy into her arms, kisses her once more before she puts her back on the ground. "Go change into some sneakers, baby." Once Maddy's clear from the room, Katniss shoves Peeta. "What?" He laughs. "I can cook!" He shakes his head making her shove him again. Peeta pulls her into him. "Okay. You can cook." He kisses her deeply. "I can't wait for dinner to be ready." "Yea..." She fixes the collar of his shirt for him. "You better hope I don't poison yours." "Why, is it going to be burnt?" Peeta has to dodge another swipe. He laughs some more before he pulls her back into him. "I love you." He cuddles into her neck. "Now you say it back..." "I'm not really in an I love you mood." "Then, should I stay and get you there?" He kisses down her neck and runs his hand up her shirt. "You can spare a couple minutes?" "Oh, Katniss!" Peeta throws his head to the floor in embarrassment. "Not so nice to be on the other side of the jokes." He groans. Katniss throws her arms around him. "You know we have to be quick now because-" "Come on, Daddy!" Maddy collides into the back of Peeta's leg. Katniss cuddles into Peeta's neck. "Take her to the park, come back for dinner, and later, after Maddy's asleep, you can show me just how wrong my joke is." "All night, huh?" Katniss bites her lip and nods. "Make sure you get a nap in then before we get back." He kisses her before he ducks down and picks up Maddy. "Ready for the park?" "Yea!" "Have fun guys." The moment they step out of the car, Maddy doesn't stop trying to get out of Peeta's grasp. "Calm down, baby girl!" Maddy groans as she tries to wiggle out. "Okay, okay..." Once he puts her on the ground, she runs off towards the monkey bars. "Play nice!" He barely gets out. "Peeta!" He finishes locking up his car before he turns towards the voice. "Hey Finn!" Living close by for almost four years now, Finn had finally got what he wanted; a best man friend in Peeta. They only lived a mile or so down the road from each other and they had kids a year apart. "Where's Katniss?" "At home. Giving cooking a try once more." "Oh." Finn laughs. "The spaghetti fiasco..." "Hey! I'm the only one who can crack on my wife. Matter of fact, I should invite you over for dinner tonight as punishment!" They both share a laugh. "Oh. It looks like my boy is making a move on your girl..." They both take a seat on one of the park benches. They watch as a miniature copy of Finn sits in the grass next to Maddy. He digs in the dirt next to her until he pulls out a dandelion which he hands to Maddy. "If he knows what's good for him, he'll keep his distance..." Peeta warns. "At least he's got good taste." Peeta shoves