Disclaimer: I do not on Twilight or the characters in the books and movies, the books were written by Stephenie Meyer and the movies belong to Summit Entertainment. I did make up Andrea Brigite Uta and her mom, dad, grandma, great-grandmother and grandfather for this fan fiction and sequels to this fan fictions. Author note: If you want to see what Andrea Brigite Uta looks like go to my profile and look under the fan fiction title and her name and there is a URL to a picture of the actress that I base her off of. If the URL does not show up sent me a send me a email at makeitorbreakitlove81 (gmail) with the subject image character look like and in the email tell me which fan fiction it is for and I will sent you the URL. Also the characters in the fan fictions look like they did in the movies and so do the landscapes, but the Cullen house is going to look like the description give in the books, which is painted a soft fade white and a three-story house with a rectangular shape and a deep porch wrapped around the first story and the inside is also like the description give in the books. Bella's father house will be a mix of the description giving in the books the inside will look like the book and outside looks like what is see in the movies and the Black house will be red like in the movie but the inside will be from the description give in the books. Chapter One: Life alter events It was an unusual October night for the Uta family on the thirty of October 2004, Andrea and her grandmother Rosemay Kat (her maid name is Platt) are sitting in the back seat of the family 2000 gold Ford Taurus, Ann (Andrea mothers) is sitting on the passenger seat next to her husband Wolf Uta who is driving the Taurus to the Quileute reservation, which has never happen in Andrea's life because the tribe kick her father off the reservation when he married Ann because of what her mother Rosemay is. Rosemay is a half human and a half vampire and despite being seventy-three years old she still looks like she is only eighteen years old. Rosemay looks over at her granddaughter that is wearing a black knee length skirt and a blue short sleeve blouse with a scoop neckline. Andrea's is also five foot seven inches tall with dark-brown curl hair that is just past her shoulder in length and when straight or wet is to her waist length. In addition Andrea has a pale skin tone with roses' cheeks at times, brown eyes, curved eyebrows, roundish almond shape eyes, rectangular/long face shape, a thin upper lip, but the bottom lip is a little fuller and there is pink lip gloss on the lips and a small hero shape nose and inverted triangle body. At the same time Andrea is looking out the back driver side window taking in the landscape as they get near to the La Push Quileute reservation, the car has just gone by the ocean and La Push Beach. "Andrea's what is on your mind, because you have been quiet the whole time we have been in the car?" Andrea turns her head and looks at her grandmother that looks like her identical twin sister. Rosemay is wearing a floor length empire waist black dress that has cap sleeves with red roses print on the dress. Rosemay dark-brown hair that is waist length is pulled up in a bun. Andrea then looks into the front of the car at her parents back, her mom is wearing a black long sleeve dress with a white lace overlay and her shoulder length hair is curled. Andrea's father is wearing a pair of black suit pants and a navy long sleeved dress shirt and has his waist length black hair is pull back in a ponytail. "Why does Billy Black want to see you, mom and dad now when we just lay grandpa John Kat to rest this morning and why did I have to come, I am sixteen years old and I will be seventeen on May 9, 2005 and I am old enough to stay home by myself?" "You are coming because Billy Black asks that you come and I do not know what he want to see us about." "But the Quileute tribe hates you. Is it safe for you to go to Billy Black's house grandma?" "I am sure that no one will harm me Andrea and the whole tribe does not hate me! Your father love me like he loves his mother and father and your father parents like me and allow him to marry John and my daughter Ann." "But they made dad leave the reservation when he asks mom to marry him, because of what you are!" "Not because of me Andrea because of whom my father is and what the pregnancy with me did to my mother!" "What happened to my great-grandmother that was so bad that the Quileute tribe made dad leave the reservation when he married my mom?" "Seeing that my father was a vampire and with me being a half-vampire I was too strong and giving birth to me killed her. If it was not for my mom found Carlisle Cullen near the end of the very short and fast pregnancy and asks Carlisle to make sure her baby get raised by her parents that I am around and survived to adulthood." "How did my great-grandmother not know that you would not kill your grandparents and that it was save for Carlisle Cullen to leave you with them?" "My mom had the ability to see the future and when she was pregnant with me the ability increase. First she had a vision of Carlisle and how he live and then had a vision about me having a heartbeat when I was born and once I was born that I would be about to live by eating human food or drinking animal blood, despite the only thing my mom could keep down was blood, so she had to steal from blood banks to survive the pregnancy. My mom went and found the Carlisle and he agree to help my mom when she told them the story and her visions of the unborn baby being half human and half vampire." Rosemay and Andrea stop talking because Wolf Uta has just drive onto the La Push Quileute reservation and for the first time in Andrea life she is seeing where her father grown up. Andrea watches the woods go by as her father drives to Billy Black's house. Ten minutes later Wolf pulls the gold Ford Taurus up between Billy Black pick up truck and Allison Uley old beat up Ford station wagon that is white with a brown stripe down the center and the truck and cars are parked in front of Billy red one story house. At the same time Jacob Black walks out the front door of the house and his friends Embry Call and Quil Ateara V (fifth) walks up to him. The three friends start walking toward the street, at the same time Andrea opens up the back door of the car on the driver side of the car. Andrea then grabs her black purse off the back seat and gets out of the car. Jacob, Quil and Embry stop walking and turns to looks at Andrea then the three fourteen-year-old boys walk up to Andrea. "(Jacob, Embry and Quil at same time) What brings a beautiful young lady like you to the reservation?" "I am here because your father wants to see my parent, me and my grandmother Jacob Black!" At the same time Ann, Wolf and Rosemay get out of the car. The six-foot three-inch Wolf Uta walks up beside his sixteen-year-old daughter and put his right arm around Andrea's shoulders. Wolf then looks at the three young teenage boys that are staring at his daughter and Ann and Rosemay who is the same height as Andrea walks to the front door of Billy Black house and Ann knocks on the front door. Embry and Quil can't find any words to say to Wolf Uta, but Jacob starts to talk. "You have a beautiful daughter Wolf Uta!" "Thank you Jacob." Wolf Uta and Andrea walk up to the front door of Billy's house and Jacob, Embry and Quil walks away from Jacob's father house, at the same time Billy open up the front door. "Wolf, Ann, Rosemay and Andrea come in. Harry Clearwater, Allison and Sam Uley are already here and in the living room the four of you can go into the living room and have a seat." Billy's wheel his wheelchair backwards and into the kitchen doorway, which is across from the front door so that Ann, Rosemay, Wolf and Andrea can walk into the mud room/entrance room of the house. Wolf, Ann and Rosemay walk into the house first and Andrea walks into the house last and shut the door behind her. Then Andrea walks to the doorway of the living room that is to the right-hand side if your back is to the front door. Andrea walks into the living room and Billy is right behind her. Andrea sees a small hall across from the living room doorway that leads to a bedroom and by the looks of the small bedroom that has only a twin bed it has to be Jacob room. "That is my son Jacob's bedroom, you meet him outside, he the one that told your father that he has a beautiful daughter." Andrea turns to the left and walks the rest of the way into the living room and sees Sam and his mom sitting on the couch that is up against the wall across from the living room door way. Sam is sitting by the left arm of the couch and then Mrs. Uley, then Wolf and Ann. Andrea then notices Harry Clearwater is sitting on an arm chair that is next to the left arm of the couch and that her grandmother is standing on the left side of the old tv that is up against the wall across from the couch. Sam stands up and walks up to Andrea and start looking at Andrea. Billy wheels up beside Andrea and Sam, on Andrea right-hand side. Rosemay walks up beside Andrea on her granddaughter left-hand side. Sam takes a step back from Andrea and Rosemay takes a step back from her granddaughter. At the same time Rosemay begins to talk. "Billy Black what do you, Harry Clearwater, Allison and Sam Uley need to talk to Ann, Wolf, Andrea and I about?" "Wolf you remember the story you hear growing up that was about Taha Aki and other member of the tribe being shape-shifter who could change into a wolf? Do you also remember that part of the story about the genes being passes through the Uta, Blacks, Uley and the Ateara line and member of they families allowing them to shape-shifter and become wolves?" "Yes I remember the story Billy, what has that got to do with us being here tonight?" "Sam started shape-shifter into a wolf in 2003 when the Cullen move back into town and Sam has been turning into a wolf for a little over a year now, which mean that the genes skip Harry, mine and your generation, but our children are the next generation of wolves." Wolf Uta puts his elbows on his knees and then rest his head on his hands. At the same time Rosemay and Ann look at each other with worry looks on they faces, Andrea looks around the room at everyone and is thinking about the Quileute tribe stories about how they come to be and how she always thought the stories were just