I am only five years old when I do something that no one ordinary can do. I am walking towards the playground with my six years old neighbor, carrying a big brown book about animals in my hands. You see, I tell Jake, the otters are very playful in the water. They even make their own waterslides and play with stones. It's all here, in my book. While I find it so interesting, he does not care. When we come across a hurt deer in the forest near our park, he does not care. Don't touch it. It's probably dead, he says. But I do. And as soon as my small fingers reach for the animal, I can feel it. Sweet, warm, tingling. Happiness. It flows from me and engulfs the deer and it springs back to life. And while it regards me with big brown eyes, like mine , and bows its head, I know I did it. And while I'm delighted, Jake never speaks to me again. ... The moment I touch my wand for the first time, I can't stop grinning. I know it's mine simply because it feels like me. Warm, bright, tingling . It drifts from my chest towards my wand and then back again, settling above my heart. Magic. My Magic. I clutch my wand to my chest and laugh and while I can feel my parents giving me strange looks, Mr. Ollivander just smiles. He understands . Just imagine, I tell my parents in a voice full of childlike innocence, what greatness one can achieve with magic! I think of the deer and how I saved it. With my magic. Of course, they say and they kiss my cheeks. But they never understand, even though it makes so much sense to me. So much sense. I love magic. … But the first time I hate it it's when I'm sprawled on the cold floor, writhing in pain. My lungs feel like exploding, my blood burns in my veins and my head throbs and I am surprised that I can still yell. And for a long time, I do just that. When the pain stops, it's only for a moment. You are not cooperating, dirty little Mudblood, she says and her voice is full of malice. And then the pain starts again. And again. And I can feel it , that special place above my heart unsettling, covering, hiding. I'm no longer warm, bright, sweet . It's no longer tingling . When she carves my arm I barely feel it. Then she Crucios me again. … When I stab the cup with the basilisk fang, I'm not sweet, bright and tingling either. Instead my mind dashes towards the memory I try so hard to forget and I find myself reaching for the safe feeling of hatred- it's there. And it's easy. So easy. And while Voldemort's soul lies bare in front of me, it smiles knowingly. You are smart and ambitious, I can hear its voice in my head. How much, I wonder, until you become like me? The image and his voice follow me around for years. … After a while it's over and I am staring at the dead bodies laid on the ground. Fred. Remus. Tonks. Lavender. Oh, Lavender. I find myself remembering the deer. But I'm no longer warm, bright and tingling . I am cold like an untouched stone and covered in darkness and while I try, Lavender doesn't wake up. Don't be stupid , I think in a voice that resembles very much your voice. Bringing back the dead is impossible. The deer was just hurt. And while I know that to be true, I am still disappointed. And cold. And I'm not tingling anymore. Life goes on. I only wish it would for everyone. … When I return to Hogwarts for my 7th year, no one seems to be surprised. They should. But when I take my usual place at the Gryffindor table, nor am I. Lavender sits next to me and although she says nothing, I know who she is waiting for. But Parvati is not here. When she looks at me, I shake my head and she disappears, leaving me alone. Alone . I've felt like that for some time now. Then I raise my eyes and meet yours across the Hall and I can't help but wonder if you feel the same. I sigh. Later, much later, I'm sitting at my usual place in the library, reading. It's just like me to read everything, I think. Therefore I do. And then you come along. Insufferable know-it-all, you say, and you sound exasperated but resigned at the same time. Your voice is raspy and fairly different, but your eyes are the same. Dark, serious eyes. Go to bed, Miss Granger, you say. And I do. Except it happens like always and as soon as I'm asleep, I am not. My back is on the cold floor, my head and my lungs hurt and my blood burns. Her black eyes are laughing, killing. It's what she wants to do. I wake up thrashing my bed covers. I'm nauseous. I always am in the mornings. I never eat in the mornings. And I never sleep during the nights. … It takes awhile for me to understand that you don't either. I only do when I meet you outside one night and instead of turning around and hiding from you, I step forward and join you on the stairs. You're taken aback, I noticed. I know you don't like me. You probably have me labeled as something among Dunderheads that I have to teach , Potters' insufferable friends and Irritating know-it-alls , but I find I like them better than War hero . Miss Granger, your grave voice is the only sound in the night, you are aware of the school rules regarding curfew, I presume? You are not one to mess around with words. Neither am I, therefore: I am trying to evade sleep, professor. I wait for the scolding, for the loss of points from Gryffindor. But they never come. Instead, you ask: Nightmares? I nod. There are potions that can help you with that, you say. I nod again. I know. I've had Dreamless Sleep, but I am not allowed anymore. It's highly- Addictive, you scathingly interrupt. Yes, Miss Granger, as a master in this field I assure you I know the specifics of this potion. For a few minutes you are silent, thinking. But there is nothing to be done with it, otherwise I believe you won't be here. I know I am right. You watch me from the corner of your eye and when I do nothing else but sit and stare at the Black Lake, you relax, which surprises me. Then so do I. We say nothing to fill the silence. I hug my knees with my arms as we watch the sunrise, relieved that another night is over. Knowing you're here is encouraging. When I'm deadly tired, I rise and say goodbye. Goodbye, Miss Granger, you say without turning your head and it feels like you almost forgot I was there. … Next time I see you, I am coming back from Hogsmeade. I took the long way and stopped a few times. I cried. Break-ups are not supposed to be easy. I know. You are at the castle entrance, smoking. You say nothing, but hand me a cigarette. I must look a sight if you do that, I realize, but I don't care. I feel your gaze on me while I light it and smoke it. You're wondering what happened to me now. We broke up, I say and you just sigh. It's a different sigh than the one you usually give me. And when I meet your eyes, I know why. This one is not exasperated, like I expected. This one is understanding. And drained. It makes me wonder when was the last time you slept. We don't say anything afterwards. I am tired. I feel empty, and cold and not tingling, but there is peace to be felt in the air. I'm unaware when I start to cry again, silent tears. You hear me, though, and I expect to be berated for it. I am not. You just sigh again. When I rise to go to my dormitory, your tentative voice stops me in my tracks. You can do much better anyway. There's a thank you on my lips but it never escapes. … Next morning you berate me anyway, for not paying attention. You are the only reason why we are not dead. It's funny how that keeps happening. Mixing Deadlyius with Essence of Comfrey creates poisonous fumes, and that is third year material, Miss Granger, you say and your glare is as frozen as I feel. And tired. And so empty. I barely care that everyone is staring at me. I see it in your eyes when you realize it. The ice melts away and is replaced by anger, clear and burning. Get out, you say to the class in a whisper and because it's deadly quiet everyone hears. And everyone does. The moment they are all out you grab me ruefully by my arms and shake me. Wake up, you say and your voice is hard as steel. I've been nothing but up for a very long time, I think. But you know and your eyes soften slightly, followed by a sigh. There are a million things you could say, I know, but none of it would make it better. So you let me go. And even though I'm not assigned detention, I find myself searching for your presence that night and every night that follows. … One night it's snowing. You look as tired as I feel and your hands shake slightly. I wonder why. After a few minutes though, I know. Mine shake too. They haven't in a long time and I know it's the weather. You know too, so you rise and extend your hand to me. It's the first time that I'm touching it and it's everything I'm not. Warm. Secure. Powerful. I don't let go for the moment, but you pull me inside and then do. We're walking together until we reach the 7th floor. And then we are outside again, only this time it's warm. Our hands don't tremble anymore. … On January 9th you're not here and I understand that disappointment is the first thing I've felt in a long time. But it's there- solid, real. Real. After a while though, I fall asleep. It lasts for only a second, before I realize that the shape moving on the ground is another part of his soul- his dark, twisted soul- and it's thirsty for you. It's going to happen, I know it, and while I try to tell you, I find that no matter what I do, I can't. And then I see you as I've seen you once before, on the ground in a wrecked house, covered in your own blood. I wake up filled with panic and I'm grateful that it was only a dream. You're still not here. But I can't just stay anymore. So I walk, until I'm stopped in my tracks and I can't help but stare for a long time. It's the first thestral I see, you know, and it almost breaks my heart. It regards me with sad eyes, like mine , and we both bow our heads. How unfortunate, I believe, to only be seen by those who have witnessed such terrible things. And then I think that perhaps I am like that too. … Disappointment turns into relief and then relief turns into something else, something I can't define but it's there- always – during the nights. And so are you. And while it was easy before to be silent in the dark, to pretend that I am not