Renesmee True Mate Challenge Set post-breaking dawn. When Bella is hunting with Renesmee and Jacob they get attack my group of newborns. When sudden a unknown very powerful vampire save Bella and protect Renesmee and later claim to be Renesmee true vampire mate. The vampire is related to the Jasper past life he known was one of the most powerful and feared vampire. Requirements: The Cullen must to learn accept the fact the he is the new mate to Renesmee plus he Jasper Long lost relative. Jacob can and get angry and fight for her Renesmee has to fell for her new mate and understand that she can hate Jacob over time. The imprint is a trumps by a true vampire mate. And there can be a myth behind it. new mate have many powers and can block or turn off powers even shape shifter powers. He has to hate shape shifter and like children of the moon a little better. Have to use characters from twilight fandom and post breaking dawn. You can use other related Fandom as well. Create a mysteries and dark history back round for Renesmee's new mate Author Note: This is my first attempt at writing a Fan fiction and hopes you like it. I don't own Twilight but own my OC Characters Disclaimer: All the Twilight stuff belongs to Stephanie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. But other new non-canon characters are mine. I Rated T for now but M for later Chapters Summary - Set post-breaking dawn. When Bella is hunting with Renesmee and Jacob they get attack vicious group of newborns. When sudden a unknown very powerful vampire save Bella and protect Renesmee and later claim to be Renesmee true vampire mate. The vampire is related to the Jasper past life he known was one of the most powerful and feared vampire. The encounter Unknown POV March 2012 I had been vampire for about 150 years. I seen many achievements in human history, I was born in the US Civil War in 1881. My father died in the civil war and mother died at giving birth to me. I was rising by my aunt Mary. I am a part of an elite of vampires for years. Many fear me. A few years back I was a witness for the Volturi for the Cullen Coven fate. I happen to feel a pull for my mate but to the hybrid When they left them after the conversation. I belong to a powerful coven more powerful then the Volturi and they fear us. When Aro saw me for and tried to add me to his guard but I old him no. I had been few years. I have many gifts and so dose my personal guards. "Will we have a problem, I seen a war brewing soon against the Cullen Coven and there pack of Shape Shifters, you heard what our Counsel said" Said Elena. Elena has been on my side 50 years. She was a nurse in Bulgaria during WW2. "I Know I have to prevent it, and those mutts are will be there Destruction. I have to prevent a war, we almost in Seattle. " I said "Elena, Katrina, Mason, and I will wait in here in Seattle it'll you meet the Cullen." Said Damon. " Ok, Peter and Charlotte coming is joining us soon. When everyone arrived, we want to approach Bella and her daughter but we know the people in the Cullen coven and who have talents. We have to be careful, the hybrid is not to be harm or their coven members. Keep those mutts at bay if possible" I said. Bella POV I have been 15 years since being turning in to be a vampire and having Renesmee. We been in fork for far to long, we needed to move but we are having an issue with the Renesmee and Jacob. "Alice! Edward! I am taking Renesmee hunting with Jacob!" I Said. " Be safe, love" said Edward when came over to kiss me. "Come on, Renesmee let get some animals race you." Jacob said when he ran and shifted in the woods and we follow. We were hunting about 2 hours then we sense danger then out of nowhere 15 vampires attacked us. Jacob lunched to defend Renesmee when vampires try to get to her. Then Out of my corner of my eye I see 7 vampires 2 were Peter And Charlotte came to our aid. "Elena! Mason, defend Bella and Renesmee" Peter said and the group war fighting them off then I see a vampire covering over my daughter. Then Jacob tries to attack him but he was thrown to a tree and I hear bones crack. I got worried and try to get them. "Renesmee! Jake!" I said. But the unknown vampire came to me and said " Bella it ok, I am an ally, we need to talk your family in danger, we need to get you home." a woman spoke " There all dead what do with this mutt? I smell others coming." telling peter a other unknown vampires. There were dress in a red and golden robes with black shirted and their eyes were all red black pants. " Don't hurt him!" Renesmee said then past out in my arm. Then the unknown vampire walk up to he touch Nessie for head and brush the hair off her face and put her to sleep, He said," I am William, this is my guard Mason and her mate Katrina and Damon and her mate Elena. You know Peter and her Mate" " Your family in danger, I need to speck with your Coven" 'It nice to meet you all, and thank for saving us." "No problem be see you in few days we will stop by, your mate is coming with 3 others, we see you soon don't have your shape shifter there we can't trust them. "Will said. The vampire look like jasper for some reason, the I see a smelt burning flash and I look to my right the 2 women were burning the last of the vampires that attack us then they all took off and left no trace if they were here. It was weird. Then to my left I see Edward and Jasper running to my side and Carlisle and Emmett. looking for any threats " are you aright love, what happen "Edward said Jasper spoke " what happen Alice saw you get attack and a strange man with Renesmee, I smelt at least 15 vampires." " We were hunting about 10 vampire attack us, when were fighting Jake was hurt then a Peter and Charlotte and 5 other vampires can to our aid. They said that there were allies and we are in danger. Carlisle " Carlisle said, " Jacob is hurt badly and I called the pack to pick him up and be on alert for any hostile." " The vampire Will and guards told us we are in danger and there coming in drop in soon to speak to us." Edward said ," I don't like this, and Jasper has a bad feeling about this. We have make it home and tell the rest of the family." "And they told use not to involve the wolves, I wondered why." Alice POV What going on I saw a vision of a group of vampires attack Bella, Jacob, Renesmee. I told the family the boys left to find them and Rose was sitting next me and looking out the window on the couch and Esme is pacing by the front door. About an hour later they return a hour later. Edward came in with Ness in his arm, and the rest of the family came in and Carlisle spoke, " They were attack and saved by some unknown force, I sent Jacob to home we are having visitors soon. There distrust the wolves and they need to speak to us alone. And Peter and Charlotte is joining us." Bella spoke, " I putting Renesmee in her room to rest." I nod my head and the next few hours we spoke about what happen the suddenly I blink out. Bella POV We were talking then Jasper, Alice and Edward look shock. Alice, " I can't see any thing it like my gift don't work. Edward said, "What!" Then we smelled 7 vampires around our house. The guys jump in guard, " Stand Down Cullens!" a vampire said Then 3 vampires walk in and it was Peter and Charlotte next to Will and 4 guards walk in full golden and red robes with hoods and Will in Golden green Robes with a hood. I try to put my shield up but it wont work. "I can't read there the minds" Edward in said in a defense position in front of me. "Major! Edward! Stand Down!" Charlotte said. In a few second later Renesmee heard us and ran to my side and look worried and said, " mom, dad, what going on?" Renesmee POV When I woke up I was confuse, I had a weird dream lately about a man but when I saw him today, I felt a pull from him for some reason and there Jake, he attack Jake me for some reason I feel a pull from him, I don't under stand. When I ran to my mother is see 5 vampires and Peter and his mate. I don't know why I feel a pull to the man in the green he look gorgeous. What am I saying I don't like him? I love Jake. I love him right? T hen grandfather said," Hello, I Carlisle the head of the family this my wife Esme, this Emmett and Rosaline pointing" pointing them by the stairs " this is Edward and Bella with there Daughter Renesmee, and This over here is Alice and Jasper" "Hello, it is nice to see you all again, it been 5 years seen you all." Will Said What? We met it weird who are they what that want?. William POV The family look tense a little I calm them all. I notice the little one was hiding near her father. I know their talents and I block their gifts while we came near. Edward Growled." Have we meet, Why you here, who are you, why we in danger who attack my daughter and my wife?" " We come in peace, you know Peter and Charlotte Whitlock" "This is my Guards Matt and her mate Katrina and the two on my left is Elena and Damon. You all can call me Will for now. I we explain an in bit. Your family is close to causing a war." The Cullens have a shock and frighten expression on there faces. " I meet you all 5 years ago when the Volturi last visited you I was an Witness and a natural party at the time, " Bella said," I remember you were in the tree line hidden" Carlisle spoke," what would we do, to cause a another war? And who are you?" " I here for 3 reasons for being here and saving you all from death. First, I here to prevent a war with your coven and the shaper near by your so call allies and to be put to death by an army of werewolves, non La push shape shifters and a army of vampires. " they look shock but there more. I Contained "The second reason your Family and that shifter name Jacob will break a Law with in the supernatural realm, The Law said that no shifter or werewolves to mate or breed with a Hybrid or a Vampire or have a child. And the last thing is I am Renesmee is my true mate." Then the cullens growled and look shock. Carlisle spoke," I never heard of this law, been with the Volturi for years" I look at him I smug