The water rippled as my feet penetrated its surface, and I sighed when the cool temperature brought goose flesh to my bare skin. The little stream was located in a shady part of the forest, surrounded by the bases of the giant neighboring redwoods, offering the wildlife a reprieve from the summer's violent heat wave. It was unnaturally hot that August afternoon; it had been getting progressively worse throughout the last four years. I idled briefly in the water and bent forward to glance at the tiny world below me, examining the flitting minnows and the curious turtles. Smiling softly, I wondered if the fish recognized the taste of my skin or the lines of my feet. After all, I had been coming to this spot every summer since I was fourteen. Then again , I pondered wistfully, I'm sure the fish have better things to do than examine a foot…I know I would, were I fish. That was all the encouragement I needed for my imagination to take off. I couldn't decide if I would prefer to be fresh water or salt water, were I a fish that is. I was fairly certain that fresh water fish had the propensity to live longer, given the lack of predators. However, as I ventured on through the woods, I quickly denounced that idea after hearing the screech of an owl. Tree birds loved fresh water fish. Of course , I thought happily, the little minnows must have a glorious view. To think of waking up and seeing the sun through the trees…it must be lovely! But that wonderment was thrown away just as quickly, seeing as the sun can be outright painful to look at and the sight gets a little repetitive. The path had become rocky and a bit rough, at which point I decided to change, from the dainty sandals my mother had given me, to the tough boots my father had urged I take with me. The brown knee length boots weren't ugly, but were, by definition, strange. Their surface was caked with mud, sand, paint, and bits of hay. If anything, these boots were a reflection of me as a person. My real name was Mary Cullen, the third child born to Carlisle and Esme Cullen. However, my love for Lewis Carroll's stories of Wonderland had earned me the permanent title of "Alice." I had two siblings—Edward and Rosalie—and got along with both of them beautifully. In humble truth, I was the apple of my family's eye and was protected by every one of them. Unfortunately, this truth did not extend to general populous of their town. My family lived in Forks, Washington—a town with more gossip than people. The most recent Census had estimated the population count to be well under eighteen hundred people, which didn't really justify the tininess of the town. Even though my father—Dr. Cullen, to the people of Forks—was a wise, skillful surgeon and physician, the townsfolk weren't above starting rumors. It certainly didn't help that his youngest daughter was a bit of an odd ball. The bullying began subtly, as these things do, with the children repeating what their parents had said. However, seeing as adolescents are naturally somewhat sociopathic, things quickly went from bad to worse. It ultimately ended when Edward and Rosalie defending their sister, me, in a rather violent fashion, and Esme decided that the public education system wasn't good enough for her children. I wasn't dumb or challenged in anyway. In fact, prior to my extrication from Forks High School, my grades had made me one of the best students in the school, followed closely by the love of my brother's life—the kind, soft-spoken, Bella. Bella and I had met through a buddy program in the seventh grade, and it had been friendship at first sight. We complimented each other in every way imaginable; Bella allowed me to dress her in whatever she liked, and I allowed Bella to sketch and write about me. We were also there for one another when life became too overwhelming and the only cure was a shoulder to cry on. As I affixed the boots on my feet and continued on with my journey, I smiled when I thought about my friend. Bella would've joined me, but she had a difficult story that she needed to have completed by tonight if she was going to make her deadline. I also knew that Edward was planning on paying Bella a visit tonight. The two of them were so in love with one another, but were completely unaware of each other's feelings. It had been like that for almost two years, and I was starting to get annoyed with them. Climbing over the rocks was easy for me, since I'd been visiting this place for the past four years. Even if my father hadn't insisted I take my boots, I still would have been able to scale the rocky hill without injury. However, I could move faster with the extra protection, so I was happy to oblige. Once I passed the rocky terrain, I dusted off my boots and smiled when I spied the beginning of the fields belonging to the Denalis. They were a family of women—three sisters—who were kind, accepting, but a bit reclusive. Rosalie, my mother, and I had taken to baking cookies for them every holiday. Because of my kindness, and their fondness of my headstrong, airy spirit, I was allowed to wander through their land unattended. My father always said it was hard for anyone to deny me anything once they got to know me. I moved through the thin, wispy plants and put a little hitch in my step as I came closer to my destination. Just beyond the southeastern part of the Denali wheat field was a tree house that the late Mr. Denali had made for his daughters. After his passing, the sisters tried to maintain it, but it grew difficult and soon fell to disrepair. That was until I came into their lives. I had discovered the structure during one of my ventures into the wilderness, and had taken it upon myself to fix it up. It had taken me four trips to the hardware store, a few extra chores for more money, and some minor cuts and scrapes, but it had paid off. By the end of the summer, I had not only fixed it up but made it better. The Denali sisters were tickled at what had occurred without their knowledge, and gave me permission to use the tree house in whatever way I saw fit. So far, I had used it for sleepovers with Rosalie and Bella, study sessions, a retreat when life got me down, and solo camping, which was why I was there. My parents had made me promise that I was to run to the Denalis' home, should anything happen. As I moved through the field, my eyes finally found what I was anticipating; the tree house. The stairs curled around the base of the thick tree trunk, giving access to the elaborate structure. I had painted the wood a deep mahogany color, so it would blend in during the night time. I stopped at the base and took a deep breath, marveling at the work I had done. It was only a temporary pause, and I promptly giggled and flew up the steps. It was the same as it had been the week prior, when I'd come up with Bella. The two of us had spent the entire night talking about boys and nonsense. I had encouraged my friend to open up to Edward, to tell him how she really felt. Of course, Bella had given me her normal reply—stammering heavily and blushing feverishly. As the sun started to trace its way down behind the trees, I started unpacking my satchel. I rolled out my sleeping bag, fluffed my pillow, changed into my pajamas, and arranged my schoolbooks nearby. My cell phone was flashing and I found my mother had texted me, asking if I had made it safely. I gave my mother a response before turning my phone off. I wanted the full experience of camping tonight. The next hour was filled with me pouring through my textbooks, making sure the notes I'd taken were accurate. I had finished going over my math and history when my stomach started to grumble. Without skipping a beat, I unpacked the meal I had brought with me—baked chicken, potatoes, some fresh vegetables, and a side of apple pie for dessert. Esme had set aside some of their meal from the previous night for me; she didn't want me to wake up hungry in the middle of the night. After practically inhaling my meal, and washing it down with water from my canteen, I had just enough time to flip through a few fashion magazines before having to switch on my flashlight. I sprawled out on my sleeping bag and listened to the forest come alive. There were the calls of the cicadas, shrill and sporadic, as well as the screeches of the night birds, fleeting and haunting. As the song of the forest grew stronger, I felt my eyelids grow heavy and I soon fell fast asleep. A few hours later, I was awakened and stared curiously around the tree house. In all the times I had stayed here, I had never awoken during the night. I scanned the inside of my dwelling and was relieved to find that no one had intruded during my slumber, but I was confused why I had woken up. I sat up and wondered if I should peek outside when I noticed something strange. The woods had fallen silent. Seeing how I'd never been awake while in the tree house, I couldn't decide if this was normal or not. As I sat up and rubbed my eyes, I immediately noticed that something was not right. Instead of the blackness that normally engulfed Forks at night, there was a soft blue glow coming from outside. I debated momentarily on what I should do. There was no way I would be able to go back to sleep, but investigating might lead to trouble. The light from outside seemed like it was pulsating, and it was starting to make me a little nervous. However, regardless of my trepidations, I got on all fours and crawled to one of the openings. I deftly pulled back the curtains a tiny bit, moving slowly so as not to attract attention, and glanced out the window. What I saw made me gasp. The Denalis' wheat field was littered with multiple orbs of light, each one a different size and color. They hovered at random distances above the crops, but didn't appear to be moving much. As I raised my eyes, noticing the sky above appeared was covered with them as well, I caught myself sighing at the splendor of the sight. It was breathtaking. This revelry was short lived, though. The reality of the situation set in, and I felt myself panic a bit. What were these lights? Was it an optical illusion, or something else? Was it a good omen, or a terrible warning? My skin erupted into goose flesh as I internally questioned what I was seeing, and an errant thought suggested I make a run for it. However, I had never been a coward and resolved to stay put. As the seconds ticked by, I noticed that the lights had started to change; they were all pulsating and appeared to be gravitating towards one another. They ghosted over the field and unified to create a giant ball of light, brilliant and near blinding. I tried to continue watching it, but, after awhile, it became too bright and I was forced to close my eyes. Even behind my eyelids, I could see the light growing in its luminosity, and could hear a slight hum floating through the air.