The plane touched down on the tarmac of the Jacksonville airport, and as he felt the wheels hit that bit of hallowed ground, Edward expelled a breath that he had been holding subconsciously for almost six months—figuratively. Just being in the same city as his beloved was enough to fill him with a sense of relief. Regardless, that tiny piece of satisfaction was miniscule in comparison to the fear that had integrated into his posture, expression, and overall demeanor. Alice had not been able to see Bella since her eighteenth birthday party, and the fact that he couldn't see what had befallen her since he had cruelly forced her from her home had damn near driven him insane. When he had felt as though the gravity of all his loneliness and madness would crush him into the very center of the Earth, Jasper had made an off-handed remark, something that many of them had considered but had never expected Edward to do. Why don't you just visit Jacksonville and see if she's okay? It was so simple, so obvious, and yet, Edward had chosen to think about it for a month before fully committing to it. Then again, there were other factors that had practically made his decision for him. He still felt guilty, though. While he had convinced his family that he was here strictly for her protection, he couldn't deny to himself that one of the reasons he was seeking her out was to assuage his own guilt and feed into his need for her. For that was what she was for him. A need. Her longevity and happiness were all that sustained him. Graduating from high school, going to college and having a long and happy life with… someone else… a human someone else was all he wanted for her. Of course, there was a darker, private area of his being that wanted nothing more than to find her, confess his sins and beg her for her forgiveness—and for her love. How could she love him after finding out what he had done, though? The lies, the intentional cruelty, all for the sake of keeping her safe. How could anyone love him? He shrugged away the dark thoughts but they came back. They always came back. As the plane turned on the runway and followed the designated path to the terminal, Edward closed his eyes and let his mind wander. Through the endless blur of thoughts and chatter around him, he found the crisp, clear memories of his last days with Bella and shuddered with horror. No matter what he said or rationalized, there was no excuse for the roughness with which he had treated her, no reason for the cruelty he had shown her. He could not believe that he had been overruled. How many times had he been forced to uproot himself because Emmett had had another "accident," or because Carlisle's coworkers had grown a bit too suspicious, or Rosalie decided to murder her ex-fiancé and his friends? However, the first time Edward had requested a change of residence, the one time he needed his family to understand without question, they had refused him. After he had succeeded in ripping out his own heart and leaving Bella in the woods, they had refused to allow him to retreat into the darkness. There was nothing more he could do but bite the bullet and endure the fallout from his actions. But there had been no fallout, primarily because there had been no Bella. Not immediately, anyway. Each class, Edward anxiously watched the door, expecting her to appear at any minute, pining for just the sight of her. When that didn't happen, and the school day ended without an appearance of his love, he panicked. What if she had never made it out of the woods? What if a bear or mountain lion had discovered her and mauled her? No. Carlisle had been on call that night. If anything had happened to her, he would have most certainly been informed. Wouldn't he? Of course he would. Then where was she? Alice noticed the telltale signs of his anxiety and silently mocked him for it, proclaiming that he had no right to worry about Bella. He had no right to even think of her after what he had done to her. This is what you should live with, she had thought, and although Edward tried to ignore her, the truth behind her words had already taken purchase in his mind. It wasn't until her third absence in a row that Edward discovered that she was alive. As he sat in his English class, which was precisely twenty feet from the main office, he heard the unmistakable sound of the attendance office phone. It had a unique ring and always had a talent of capturing his attention, much to his irritation. " Forks High School. How may I direct your call?" Ms. Cope said brightly. After a moment of silence, she continued. "Oh, hello, Chief Swan. How's Bella doing? Still under the weather?" Pause. "All right, well if she needs any of her homework sent home, let us know and we'll see that she gets is." "Edward, let's go." Alice stood over her brother and glared at him. There hadn't been many positive moments shared between the siblings in the past six months. He blamed himself for it and was right to do so. "Rosalie and Emmett are waiting for us at the baggage claim." Carlisle, Esme and Jasper were lingering behind her, each of their thoughts focused on something. Esme was anxious to see Bella again and to apologize for remaining distant, Jasper was afraid of what Bella would say to him as he felt it was his actions that had kick-started the whole mess, and Carlisle, although he tried to hide it, he was worried about Edward. The Cullen patriarch feared what would become of his son should Bella rebuke his apology and order him away. He had almost lost Edward before during his rebellious streak, and he would be damned if it would happen again. The four of them exited the plane without retrieving anything from the overhead compartment. There was no carryon luggage for the Cullen family, just as there was no luggage for them to gather from the spiraling claims kiosk. They had boarded the plane with nothing but the clothes on their backs. Still, as they walked as quickly as they could manage under the watchful eyes of the humans, they made their way to the baggage claim. The Cullens' reunion with Rosalie and Emmett was not a particularly joyous one. While there were small hugs and light smiles exchanged between the couple and their surrogate parents and sister, they had nothing but contemptuous glares and angry thoughts for Edward. Even though Rosalie had been initially sated by Edward's decision to leave Bella to live out her human years, when the repercussions of his actions had found their way into the halls of their home, she had cursed him, called him every name in the book, and finally, she and Emmett had left under the guise of needing "alone time." No one would say it out loud, but it was apparent that the couple blamed their leaving on Edward. While Carlisle filled in Rose and Emmett about the most recent events, Edward glanced at the people around him. He could almost envision Bella coming to Jacksonville, ready to start over, willing to forget him. Edward inclined his head down as the smell he had become so accustomed to overwhelmed his senses. He had watched her approach through the minds of the other students, noticed how she had paused in front of his Volvo. He was deeply troubled by the haunting sadness that had overtaken her features, as well as the dark cloud that seemed to hang over and shroud her. She had been so quick to believe his lie in the forest, so quick to dismiss his affection for her. For a moment, he had questioned if she had ever loved him as much as her loved her. One look at her told him how foolish he had been to doubt her. She was suffering as much as he was. Each step she took closer to him both thrilled and terrified him. What was he to say? How was he to explain his presence in Forks? He had promised that she would never see him again, that it would be as if he had never existed. Emmett had been correct in his assessment; he was the mother of all asses. He did not need Alice's psychic ability to track his beautiful Bella through the school hallways. Her footsteps had always been a different timbre than the rest of humanity. It was a soft padding, occasionally punctuated by a stumble. His ears instinctively picked up on it and he couldn't help but smile. Speaking of Alice, she had been stewing over Edward's decision all night long, as well as dreading what was expected of her… what she had stupidly agreed to do. She was willing to go through with it for Bella's safety and to assuage her husband's guilt, but that didn't mean she was happy about it. She had made it abundantly clear, though, that she would never forgive Edward for what he had coerced her into doing. After a few additional moments of mulling over the conversation that she had had with Edward the night prior and trying to find some other alternative, she growled softly and left the room. Through his sister's eyes, Edward watched as Bella approached and saw the smallest Cullen bent over at the water fountain. Alice, not sure how to react to the presence of the best friend she wasn't supposed to speak to, returned to the classroom without acknowledging her. Although he was visibly relaxed and undeterred, on the inside, he was an emotional wreck and practically on the edge of his seat in anticipation. He had to see her. He had to know that she was okay. She was far from okay. The first thing that hit him was her smell. Although the overwhelmingly sweetness of her blood dominated her scent, there was an undercurrent of human filth that he had become accustomed to in the general public. Never from Bella, though. She had always taken her hygiene very seriously, and yet, as she trudged into the classroom, a subtle odor of sweat and grime accompanied her. She had not bathed in a few days. On top of that, Bella had lost weight. While she still resembled her old self in certain areas, her collar and cheek bones jutted out sharply, giving her much stronger features. How was that even possible in a week? Had she had nothing to eat since her birthday party? She took her normal seat next to Edward and Alice, and they sat there in one of the most awkward silences the three of them had ever experienced. He watched her from the corner of his eye, knowing that he should say something to her, try to explain why they were there to begin with. But what could he say? Finally, when it felt as though he would explode with all the tension coursing through him, Edward swallowed his pride and turned to her. " Bella?" He tried to speak softly, but he noticed how she flinched when he spoke and cringed when her eyes fell on him. Another piece of his heart broke as he realized that she was afraid of him. The girl who had willingly loved him, despite him being a soulless monster, was finally afraid of him. He had always insisted that she should have been afraid of him. Now that she was, he was far from satisfied, far from justified. He was sad. "I'm sorry, I know our being here must seem…unexpected." She stared at him for a moment before mumbling, "I…uh…um. Yeah, I was starting