Chapter One I closed my eyes, wishing that I wasn't there, that everything had not happened, hoping that I was somehow still living in Forks, but I was in the same spot when I reopened them. The interior of the plane was still bland, the stewardesses still seemed fake, and the ones I had once considered family were slowly becoming a distant memory. Even as I tried to remember how Edward had looked the moment he had ripped my heart out, I realized there were noticeable holes in my memory of him. I guess my head really is like a sieve. My stomach gurgled, reminding me I had failed to eat before boarding the plane, and I twisted in discomfort. I knew I should eat, or I should make some attempt to keep myself healthy, but I just couldn't find the will to care. All purpose and meaning I'd had in my life vacated my body and had been expunged from my chest, leaving behind a pulsating wound. I attempted to redirect my thoughts, but found it nearly impossible; I was either focusing on Edward, Alice…or the rest of the Cullens. When the captain came on the loudspeaker, I was startled out of my thoughts. He informed the passengers we were beginning our descent into Jacksonville. My heart started to slow down when the intercom cut off, and I glanced out the window. There were sparse clouds in the bright blue sky, and the sun made the ground shimmer below. The difference between where I'd been and where I was going was stark in contrast. Forks had constant cloud cover, with rain soaking the town most of the year. I wasn't sure what the average rainfall for Jacksonville was, but I was positive it wouldn't come close to Washington's. I took a breath and gripped the armrests as I felt the pain in my chest return. Despite my better judgment, I thought back to everything that had happened since I first left my mother. I had discovered love, vampires, and heartbreak in less than eight months. Funny, it seems so short…now that I've lost everything that mattered. Edward had ghosted into my life and had left just as quickly—or, had he? The ragged hole in my heart blazed as I remembered the shocking end to my stay in Forks, Washington. One week; that was how long it had taken for me to regain motion after I had been found. Edward had left me in the middle of the forest in the freezing rain, and I had mistakenly tried to follow him through the trees. I ended up being found by one of the boys from the reservation—three hours after he had vanished. However, that wasn't the worst of it all…not by a long shot. I sucked in a mouthful of air as one of the most devastating memories came back to me. Despite Charlie's suggestion I take another week off, I'd convinced myself going back to school was the best move. I wasn't sure why I made this decision; I couldn't really see the benefit of it. The halls of Forks High School would only be a memento of everything I had lost. Regardless, an hour after waking up, I found myself driving into the familiar parking lot. Pulling into school was a harsh reminder of the town I lived in; everyone who saw me looked as if they expected me to spontaneously combust. Even Mike, Jessica, Tyler, and Eric, my human friends, were trying not to make it obvious that they were gawking. Apparently, the word had spread about the break up and how I'd been found in the woods. Perfect…even more attention than I desired. With a heavy sigh, I started my journey to first period English, a class I had once shared with Edward and Alice, but stopped after only a few steps. Parked in the first spot, closest to the front door, was a familiar shiny, silver Volvo. I refused to believe that it was the same one—maybe some student had been inspired by the Cullens and had purchased one just like Edward's—but the familiar license plate quickly superseded any doubt I had. As my body rediscovered motion, I couldn't help but stare at the car as I passed it. The hole, carved in the center of my chest, began to throb. I tried my hardest not to run to English, debating with myself the purpose behind their presence. Secretly, I hoped Edward had reconsidered and decided that he wanted me as a distraction for a little longer. That notion was quickly written off; he'd made it quite clear in the forest that he was through with me. I stopped a few yards from the door and gasped when I saw Alice glide through the doorway. Hope blossomed inside me; just because he'd wanted a clean break with me didn't mean Alice and I couldn't be friends. Feeling a bit more positive about the situation, I headed into the classroom and fought back a sob when I saw Edward in his normal seat. My eyes lowered to the floor as I passed them, and I tried desperately not to glance in their direction when forced to retrieve my notebook and pencil from my backpack. Their presence caused knots in my stomach and pains in my entire body, but still I said nothing to them. I was beginning to wonder if I'd go crazy with all the questions in my head when I heard an achingly beautiful voice call to me. " Bella?" Edward's voice was soft, but still loud enough for me to hear him. I shifted in his direction, cringing when the sight of him caused an increase in my agony, ceasing my ability to breathe. "I'm sorry, I know our being here must seem…unexpected." " I…uh…um," I stammered, clearly taken back by his appearance, his voice—his everything. The memories of the past six months came rushing back to me, and I fought the crushing loneliness and rejection that now accompanied them. Regardless of the pain, I put forward my best smile, which was more like a grimace. "Yeah, I was starting to question your definition of 'not existing.'" I didn't mean to sound so snarky, but it definitely came out that way. A devious smirk appeared on Alice's—who was sitting behind him—face. My face had heated up as I flushed and quickly turned to the front of the class, embarrassed. " Yes," Edward answered with a chuckle that sent tingles up my spine. "Well, Carlisle applied to take part in a ten month research study involving breast cancer. It's not nationwide, or anything, but it would attract undue attention if he suddenly pulled out. So, we're here until the end of the summer." " Oh," was the only response I had, understanding exactly what he hadn't said. He was there because he couldn't leave without jeopardizing the anonymity of his family's secret—not because he wanted to be with me. The information set my insides ablaze and threatened to turn me into a pile of ash. As the tears I held back tried to break through, I wondered how I was still standing. " Bella." I glanced over and noticed that Edward looked even more pained than I did. However, his face hardened quickly and his golden eyes flashed in the fluorescent lights. "My being here certainly doesn't change anything." " I...I... n-never said it did." "Miss?" The stewardess tapped me on the shoulder with an impatient expression on her face. "Are you all right?" I glanced around the plane, finding it relatively empty, and noticed we had already arrived at the airport. My face flushed when I realized I had reminisced through the entire landing process. The woman continued to stare at me, the look on her face growing more and more disturbed by the minute. So, to save us both the awkwardness, I muttered something about being tired, retrieved my carry-on luggage and headed out of the aircraft, pretending I didn't hear the errant whispers trailing behind me. The Jacksonville Airport was smaller than the one in Seattle and not nearly as busy. I skulked over to the baggage claim and waited in a line with others I recognized from my flight. A few yards away, I could see the food court shining like a beacon, and my stomach growled in response to the thought of food. I hadn't eaten the snacks the airline had provided, nor any form of breakfast, and I was suffering because of it. A buzzing sound caught my attention moments before the conveyor belt began to spin, and I knew it was only a matter of time before the bags would come. Unfortunately, as the seconds ticked by, the wheels in my head began turning and my mind recalled a much similar incident. There was another time when I had been waiting for something—or more like someone. In spite of what Edward had said in the forest, the Cullens were still in Forks. I had seen Edward and Alice in school, but had yet to see evidence of the remaining Cullens. Part of me was beginning to wonder if I was imagining the two figures sitting next to me in school; was I so desperate that I had taken to imagining those things? However, after seeing the instructors speak to them in class, I felt somewhat relieved. Ever since that first day, when Edward had reminded me that nothing had changed, I had received nothing but silence from the two Cullens. Even when we were paired up for an in-class assignment, they did all the work before distancing themselves from me. It was at times like those where I would simply wait out the remainder of class in the bathroom, tears pouring down my cheeks. I wasn't sure which was worse: Edward and Alice being there, silent as ghosts, or disappearing completely. I just wanted to speak to Alice, for her to tell me everything was going to turn out okay for me, like old times. There was so much I wanted to say to her, so many questions I needed answered. As I walked to History class, I saw the tiny pixie leave the room and walk to the water fountain. Knowing she didn't need water told me that she was trying to mask her inhumanity by acting human. It was my chance. Without stopping, I made a beeline for her, not sure what I planned on saying. Before long I was standing right behind her. " Alice." I couldn't believe how weak and hollow my voice sounded. When she didn't move from the water fountain, I continued. "Please talk to me. I need you, Alice…more than ever." At that, she turned around and stared at me with dead eyes. There was no emotion there, just vacant space where life once dwelled. " You said I was like the sister you never had," I muttered and my bottom lip quivered slightly. "Did you mean it—or were you just trying to make me feel welcome when I really wasn't?" Silence. " Why won't you speak to me?" I couldn't fathom why she would do that, or why she would continue to stare at me like I was speaking a foreign language to her. We had been such good friends; why did that have to change? "Alice?" As the bell above rang twice, warning the students that class was about to begin, Alice pulled out a compact mirror and checked her appearance before flitting across the hallway through the open door. All I could do was stand there and feel another piece of me shatter to dust, realizing that everything I believed about Alice Cullen was a lie. Static from the loudspeaker above shook me from my memories; I was chagrined to realize I was the only one still standing at the baggage claim. I picked up my suitcase from the spinning platform and headed toward the front of