Hey Guys! This is the longest one-shot I have ever written, and took a lot more time than I thought it would. Basically, I was rereading MoA and thinking about the guy in the Rome cafe and why he wasn't surprised that the only two people in his restaurant were teenagers who disappeared with a couple who looked like they were from the 50s. aka, that time I made up a story about a character who shows up for half of a chapter. Anyway, I hope you guys enjoy! WGG Disclaimer: If you recognize any dialogue, its most probably straight from Mark of Athena (especially in the present-day scenes). All rights to Rick Riordan Many, Many Years Ago Athens, Greece Alexandros was just minding his own business, walking quickly through the streets of Athens in order to avoid the mean demigods who kept chasing him away from their training ground. Alexandros just wanted somewhere to hide from the monsters and get some food from. Alexandros didn't mean any harm. But Alexandros was a son of Poseidon and Demigods in Athens didn't like the sons of Poseidon because Athena didn't like Poseidon. So Alexandros avoided both the monsters and the demigods as he walked. Suddenly, Alexandros saw The Magic Lady (her name was very hard to pronounce and Alexandros knew that if he said it wrong he could be turned into an animal so Alexandros just called her The Magic Lady) and Athena running from a giant hydra. Hydras scared Alexandros. Alexandros thought that a monster that can grow extra heads must be especially evil and mean. Especially since many monsters had told Alexandros that he doesn't have a very good head to begin with, and Alexandros thought it was unfair that a mean monster got to have a lot of them. Alexandros wondered why the Magic Lady didn't just change the Mist so she and Athena could escape. Alexandros also wondered why Athena didn't just use her weapons and fight off the Hydra, or ask her Demigods in the city to help her. Alexandros thought it was stupid to have your own city if the people don't help you. Then Alexandros noticed that the Hydra had Athena's scary monster shield in one of its mouths, and that the Magic Lady had a gag around her mouth and cuffs around her hands. Alexandros realized that the Goddesses were probably disarmed and that he should probably help them. Maybe if he did Athena could tell the Demigods to be nice to Alexandros. Or maybe the Magic Lady would teach him how to hide his face so the stranger mortals wouldn't stare. Alexandros grabbed his celestial bronze knife that he hid in his toga pocket and charged at the Hydra. A Few Minutes Later Athens, Greece "Alexandros, Wake Up." Alexandros opened his eye. It hurt to move, but he could tell that he was lying face-up in a white building. Because there was a statue of Athena in one corner, Alexandros knew they were in a temple, and Alexandros was happy because he had never been allowed inside a temple before. Except those of Poseidon. But Alexandros had stopped praying to Poseidon ages ago. He didn't think Poseidon was a very good father. "You did very well, Alexandros. You saved us from the Hydra- not that we needed saving," The Magic Lady told him with an uneasy glance at Athena. Athena crossed her arms and began pacing around the room. She said, "I agree. I for one am surprised that an offspring of Poseidon could be so honorable. We owe our dignities to you. I detest your father and many of your brethren, and should kill you on the spot, but I will make an exception for your courageous behavior. I know what you will ask for in return, but I cannot grant it. Only Lord Zeus has that power." Alexandros cocked his head to the side. Alexandros was glad he wouldn't be killed, but had no idea what Athena was talking about, so he decided to ask. "Why, immortality, of course!" Athena narrowed her eyes. "Unless that is not what you desire?" The Magic Lady placed a hand on Athena's shoulder. Her eyes twinkled, and Alexandros swore he saw her wink as she said, "Calm down, Athena. You yourself said that we cannot gift him immortality anyway, and besides, I have a better plan in mind." She knelt down and looked at Alexandros. Alexandros had always been scared of her followers, the empousa , but felt instantly at home with The Magic Lady. Her eyes changed from blue to green to orange and many other pretty colors as she studied him. She stood back up and whispered something to Athena. Athena turned to Alexandros and said, "We are forever indebted to you for sending that Hydra back to Tartarus. In return, I will gift you intelligence equal to mine, a complete arsenal of Celestial Bronze weapons, and as many books as you would like." She looked at him expectantly, but Alexandros didn't know quite what to say. Actually, Alexandros could not read. Nobody had taught him how. But Alexandros knew that reading was a very nice thing to know, and he would soon be able to do so with his new knowledge. So Alexandros said thank you, sat up (his head hurt with the effort) and knelt in front of Athena. Athena placed her hand on his, and Alexandros felt a surge of power rush into his brain. He shut his eyes until the feeling passed. When he opened them again, they were in a library filled with books Alexandros had never seen before - The Iliad , The Odyssey , Harry Potter - and Alexandros suddenly realized that he could read the titles on the books! He could read! He smiled widely, and Athena smiled back, saying, "these are books from the past, present, and future. That means you have to keep this library a secret from everyone else, okay?" Alexandros nodded eagerly. Athena then handed him a large box and told him it contained two of every type of weapon in the world, all modified so they only kill monsters. He was just about to open it when Hecate (he now knew her name was pronounced Heh-ka-tay) The Magic Lady coughed. "Athena, you were not planning on letting him forget my gifts, I hope?" she asked, shaking her head. Hecate then turned to Alexandros. "You now have superb intelligence and the ability to defend yourself, but you will never truly fit in with others because of your appearance." She sighed. "It is a cruel world we live in, where your appearances and where you come from are judged before you can truly show your abilities. Therefore, as my part of the gift, I will give you this-" she held out a small metal pin with Alexandros' name on it, like what some demigods wore when the convened in the city. "It looks like a Roman probatio tablet, but releases a powerful mist that will fool even the Gods into thinking that you are human in appearance. The Demigods and humans will no longer terrorize you." Alexandros took the pin and fastened it to his toga. Athena took a step back in shock, and Hecate smiled in satisfaction. The mist had worked! "Thank you, Athena and Hecate," he said, kneeling once again. The two goddesses disappeared into the mist. Two Centuries Later Rome Alexandros, being a cyclops, could not die unless he was killed and sent to Tartarus. That is why he wisely stayed out of the conflicts that occasionally erupted around him, citing "bad eyesight" (it is hard, after all, to see clearly out of one eye) to keep him out of the army. However, living in Athens, where everyone knew him, became quite hard after people started to wonder why he was still the same age even though ninety years had passed. So Alexandros packed up and moved to Sparta, then to Corinth, Argos, Thebes (where he met a man named Hercules who seemed to be everywhere ), and many other places to avoid suspicious glances. To his delight, Alexandros found that his library followed him on his travels and situated itself in an abandoned location close to each of his new homes. Everyday, Alexandros sacrificed some of his food to Athena and Hecate for granting him the gifts that allowed him to live without fear. Recently, Alexandros had moved to a city called Rome (Hecate had mentioned it all those years ago) that was supposedly founded by a son of Aphrodite. Rome was not like any other place Alexandros had lived before - they worshipped the same Gods, but with different names and characteristics, used Gold instead of Bronze for their weapons, and the army fought all together instead of groups of three. In addition, Rome was seemed to be more sound and advanced than anywhere else. They seemed to conquer another area every other day. There was even talk that they had taken the Athena Parthenos from its temple! Alexandros was fairly certain that this was just a rumor, but it unsettled him nonetheless. Luckily, unconquered areas outside of Rome still held on to old principles, and Alexandros was planning to move away from the Roman Empire in a few decades. Despite the advancements in Rome, their new ideas startled him. Alexandros had been managing his stall in the market for many years now, selling homemade wooden items and ornaments. It was a good job, allowed him to work with his hands, and earned him enough denarii to maintain and add to the library. Still, he was desperate for company. Despite having a human-like appearance, Alexandros was weary of forming friendships with anyone other than cyclopes because of his previous experiences with the Demigods in Athens. He wished Athena or Hecate would drop by once in awhile, but he knew that as Goddesses, they probably forgot about him or did not have the time to visit. Alexandros was surprised when a pretty young women with startling gray eyes started coming to his stall almost every day, buying one if his more intricate designs (a wheelbarrow, a mechanical horse, and a miniature flying owl, amongst others), and paying him almost double the price before leaving. In the beginning, she would flash him a small smile, but lately, she had been getting increasingly sullen. Meanwhile, people even outside of Rome starting telling myths of the Gods being more strict and disciplined, and temples had started using the Roman names and adorning the statues with purple togas as opposed to the white chitons usually used. Alexandros was curious about this, but assumed it was just a fad that will pass over soon. However, he changed his opinion the day he saw the grey-eyed woman accidentally drop a silver drachma while paying for a bag of olives at a nearby stand. Alexandros ran over to pick it up, and when he did, he noticed the markings on the drachma: AOE - Of the Athenians. Alexandros had not seen the symbol in a long, long time, especially since many greek city-states switched to using denarii as well. The coin grew warm in his hand as he held it, and he almost dropped it in surprise. That was when he noticed the owl symbol on the back. Slowly, Alexandros began piecing together the clues that had been lingering at the back of his mind. He now understood why the grey-eyed woman was so interested in his designs, why she carried around silver drachma, and why she has become so unfriendly. The woman was none other than Athena, and Alexandros was fairly certain she needed his help! Alexandros quickly pocketed the drachma (ignoring the searing pain against his thigh as he did so) and ran after Athena. He caught up with her a few minutes later as she stood in the middle of a bridge, and made the mistake of tapping her shoulder to