Harry Potter Slytherin Love Philosopher's Stone Chapter 1: The Potter Heir and Heiress James and Lilly Potter were one of the nicest couples in Godrics Hollow and today was the 31st of July and the day James and Lily brought the new generation into the world and so they were on their way to St Mungos wizarding hospital for the miracle to happen in their lives Lilly was finally giving birth to the Potter twins the new generation to the Potter name. An hour later Lily was already dilated and ready to give birth to her little miracles. Twenty minutes Later Lily was gripping her husbands hand as she pushed hard and then they both heared the cry of two little children. Half an hour later the head healer walked in the room with the two bundles that held their two children and passed them to James and Lily and they were so proud and happy that the new generation was all healthy and lovable a young boy named Harrison (Harry) James Potter and a young girl named Mackenzie (Mac) Lily Potter . Two days later Sirius and Remus came to St Mungo's hospital to see the children that was welcomed into the world by their best friends. When the two Marauders reached the ward the Potter family were on they caught them just as they was just heading out of the hospital. Sirius and Remus were happy to see the new born children and noticed that Harrison looked like James except the his eyes were like Lily's and Mackenzie looked like Lily but with James's eyes. James spoke to break the silence " Sirius, Remus you are the godfathers of Harrison and Mackenzie Potter the godmothers are Minerva Mcgonagall and Molly Weasley". This news had the two friends grinning like mad and jumping for joy. In the car park Sirius said " You guys gotta come to Grimmauld Place we have a surprise for you" so both Lily and James agreed and apperated there. Once in the Black family house it was dark as hell and nobody could see a thing until the house lit and the Order of the Phoenix shouted "Welcome home!" James and Lily looked around and found Molly and Minerva and asked for a privet word with them so the two follows them and were told that they were the godmothers to the two little miracles in their arms. Molly and Minerva were happy and cried tears of joy as they held their godson and goddaughter in their arms. Soon it was time for the Potter family to go back to Potter cottage in Godrics Hollow to put the Potter miracles to bed. A couple of months later Lily and James were celebrating their anniversary and had called James's parents to look after Harry and Mac. Fleamont and Euphemia potter were excited that they were looking after the children as it was the first time they got to see their grandchildren. When fleamont and Euphemia arrived James and Lily said "We will be home by 11:00 pm and have a good time with Harry and Mac" and then they left. Lily and James had forgotten that it was Halloween and children would be all over trick or treating in their costumes. Fleamont was taking Mackenzie to the shop to get some shopping for the evening meal so the left Harry and Euphemia alone. Ten minutes later after fleamont and Mackenzie left there was an exploshion at the front door and Euphemia rushed to see who the intruder was and quickly ran into Harry's room to stop what the dark lord wanted to do to her grandson. When the Dark Lord made it to the boys room he said to Euphemia "Step aside its a waste to kill a pure-blood" but Euphemia said "Never I would protect him with my life Tom." Voldemort grew angry and killed Euphemia and then tried to kill Harry but the curse rebounded itself and hit Voldemort but not before leaving a lightning bolt shaped scar bleeding on poor baby Harry's head. When Fleamont and Mackenzie returned they noticed the door off its hindges and could hear Harry crying. When Fleamont rushed up stairs with Mac in his arms. What Fleamont saw was Harry trying to shake his grandmother awake but also saw a black cloak and white wand on the floor and knew what had happened and saw the scar on Harry's head. Fleamont called James and Lily and told them what had happened and that James's mother was now dead. on the way home James was crying for he loved his mother and when they both got to Harry's room it broke their hearts to see Harry trying to wake his grandmother up but was not working and what shocked them was the scar that was bleeding on Harry's head. A couple weeks later Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy offerd the Potter family a gust suite in the Malfoy manor witch they gladly took as the four of them were friends in Hogwarts even though they were in rival houses of Gryffindor and Slytherin but what they did was show inter house unity with Severus sanpe the black sister Andromeda,Narcissa and Bellatrix. When settled in the guest sweet the Potter house elves came and helped the Malfoy house elves cook and clean for both family. Narcissa being James cousin gave her condolences for her aunt's death at the hands of a mad man. When both the Malfoy and Potter parents were looking for their children they found them in the playroom playing with each other but what got to the four parents was Harry transformed into a phoenix, wolf, lion, baby basalic, raven, badger and a young deer. When Harry transformed back into himself he passed out for he did not know what happened but the Malfoy and Potter parents just said " He's an animagus by birth thats amazing and has more than one form like Merlin and the same animal as the four founders of Hogwarts". During the night at Malfoy Manor Lucius, Narccisa, James and Lily sat down talking about the Potter family moving in with the Malfoy family and that the guest suite could be theirs until Potter Manor was sorted out. James and Lily accepted the offer when they heared crying from Harry's room. they all rushed up to see Harry's head bleeding worse than it did the night he received the scar and they cleaned it up and Lily put a cut salve Severus made and gave him some dreamless sleep to help the poor bairn sleep. Chapter 2: Ten Years Later Ten years had passed and the Potter twins, Harry and Mac were with Draco Malfoy were waiting for their own Hogwarts' letters. At breakfast both the Malfoy and Potter families were eating a well evened out meal of cereal and toast and fruit with goblets of pumpkin juice when all of a sudden the post came and the three children ran from their seats to get the male but when they returned to the dinning area Mac handed James a Hogwarts letter and Harry handed Lily one too. Both adults looked surprised at this and opened the letters. with a gasp James said he was the new transfiguration professor for the O.W.L'S and N.E.W.T'S while Professor Mcgonagall was teaching first to forth year students and Lily was the new Charms Mistress teaching the same level as her husband while Professor Flitwick teaches first to forth year students When both families had finished breakfast they decided to use the floo network to get to the leaky couldren so both families could enter Diagon Ally together. Once the Malfoy's and Potters were in Diagon Ally the first place they went was Gringots wizading bank to get a blood relations test for Harry and to collect the gallons they need for their school supplies. when the group was in the bank Harry, Mac and Draco walked to the tallest teller and asked politely if they could have a blood relations test done for harry and then to visit their vaults. since the children was the politest customers in the bank they were seen first and Harry went for his test. when both the Malfoy's and Potter's were in Griphook's office Harry was handed a short ceremonial blade and cut the parm of his hand to let three drops on a piece of parchment and to everyone's shock they read Harry's blood relations. Harrison James Potter (11) parents: James Potter (father) Lily Evens Potter (mother) godparents: Sirius Orion Black (godfather) Remus John Lupin (godfather) Minerva Mcgonagall (godmother) Molly Weasley (godmother) heirs to: Godric Gryffindor (by blood) Rowena Ravenclaw (by blood) Salazar Slytherin (by blood) Helga Huffrelpuff (by blood) Potter (by blood) Black (by blood and godson) Lupin (by godson) McGonagall (by godson) Prewitt (by godson) Pevrell (by blood) betrothal : none blood type-pureblood Once the test was finished the group around Harry was shocked that he was Lord Hogwarts at such a young age and they were proud. When they finished looking at the parchment both families went to their vaults to collect the money they needed and Harry was shown to the founders vault and collect the founders rings and placed them on his finger then they reshaped themselves to fit him. When they left the bank they first went to Madam Malkins robes shop and made a large order for both winter and summer uniforms of the finest materials and she went off to work and told them to be back in an hour. When everyone left they went to Ollivanders wand shop for their wands so Draco was first and got his wand 10" Hawthorn, Unicorn hair ( core ) then Mackenzie went and was given a 13" cherry, dragon heartstring ( core ) when Harry came up none of the wands worked for him so he was taken to knockturn Alley Gregoravitch wand store. When inside Mr Gregoravitch came out and asked who was needing a wand and Harry said "me sir" when Mr Gregoravitch asked Harry to pick a wood sauce for his wand he found more than one he was selected to hawthorn, cherry and holly the cores were wolf fang, phoenix feather, lion mane,basalic venom,raven feather and badger hair. when the wand was made it was 15" and nicely crafted and shot of red,gold,green,silver,yellow,black,blue and bronze sparks. When the group left knockturn Alley they all went to Flourish and Blots for the first year books then to the apothecary for the potions couldren and files for the finished potions and ladles then to the quiditch store for brooms and cleaning kits then to wiseacre wizarding equipment for their telescopes then back to Madam Malikns for their robes. on their way out of the robe store they bumped into Sirius and Remus. When James saw his two best friends he told them that he and Lily got a place teaching at Hogwarts and then Remus told them that they got a place teaching defence against the dark arts, Sirius O.W.L'S and N.E.W.T'S and Remus first to forth years Harry, Mac and Draco ran to the two of them and hugged them. Next was the magical menagerie to choose their familiars when harry heared some strange language he walked towards the substance of the sound and found out that the snakes were talking but one snake was left on its own and Harry felt sorry for the poor creature so Harry said in parseltounge " hello their my lovely howsss you like to come home with me " the snake was stunned and said " a speaker wow well my name isss Bella and i would like to come to your home " Harry then started a conversation with Bella " well Bella my name isss Harrison and i'm glad that you would like to come back with me ." so Harry walked to the shop owner and asked him to