The Road to Esgaroth 00000 Aragorn pulled his cloak tighter as he and his horse, Teriel, stumbled on. He had promised to return in a month--already it had been nearly half that, and he had yet to even reach his destination. He slumped forward on the horse, fighting to keep his head from tilting down. His right sleeve was sliced from elbow to wrist, the frayed edges framing a dark red line across his skin. Another slash, far more painful, was carved deep in his back. He had known the road to Esgaroth would not be without dangers, indeed, he had prepared for them. Crossing through Mirkwood alone held enough danger to give even a Ranger of his skill pause. But he had only just reached the forest's edge the previous night, and already before that he had faced two patrols of orcs, and a flood that had carried away the last of his supplies. A small, quiet, reasonable voice inside his mind whispered he should turn back. Should go back to the safety of Rivendell. But a larger, stronger, part of him would not allow it and so he carried on, pushed forward--he would simply have to make the trip back in less than half the time it would take to get to his destination so his promise would remain unbroken. He would reach Esgaroth, find Armelian, and then ride back as fast as he could through the forest after he did what he rode to do. He regretted, now, not taking Elladan and Elrohir up on their offer to accompany him--he knew they had offered in part out of a need to protect him, but more than that Armelian was their friend as well and he realized now he should not have stopped them out of foolish pride. He could have used their skill when the orcs had attacked. Killing twenty orcs at a time was trying even his limits, and he was not sure he could face another attack. Teriel pulled suddenly to a halt, stepping back in warning to his rider. Aragorn's head shot up, and in the distance he could hear the sound of Mirkwood's giant spiders spinning webs around victims. He tensed, but urged Teriel forward regardless. It would take a day, if not longer, to cross the forest and reach the light on the other side. He did not relish the journey. Especially when traveling through it by night. The sun had set some hours ago, and the forest around him was completely submersed in shadow. Eyes could be seen glowing distantly in the dark, yellow or green, blinkingly watching him as he passed--none had dared to challenge him yet, though their gazes did nothing to ease Teriel of his justified fears. Mirkwood had once been grand, Arwen had told him. Green and peaceful, a paradise to those who dwelt there--a haven appropriately named Greenwood the Great. But time had brought shadows and dark creatures--strong trunks on magnificent trees had twisted, darkened somehow, and where there had been peace there was discontent. The forest was suffering, and fleetingly, Aragorn wondered why there were still elves here. He had grown up in Rivendell, and he knew how sensitive to nature their race could be. How was it the wood-elves could stand to live in this shadow? It was a question he had wondered about for sometime, and Elladan had been the one to try and help him answer it, wryly informing him that the choice to remain had not been made without a price. He said the wood-elves were still elves, still peaceful and caring with good hearts, but that those in Mirkwood had become untrusting--suspicious of anyone not of their realm. Which was why his elven friends in Rivendell hated when he passed through the dark forest alone, always they feared he would not return. Weary, Aragorn slid down from his horse and leaned tiredly against a tree. This was the first time he had shared in that fear. He led Teriel to a small stream, then dropped to his knees beside it. He had just finished rinsing his wounds and splashing water in his face when the soft voices reached him. Faintly, he could hear haunting lyrics sung by elven voices. Wood-elves, he realized with a start. Elrohir had said to be as wary of them as the spiders they shared their realm with--Arwen had rolled her eyes at that, so Aragorn knew this had been an exaggeration, but he'd already put up with too much this trip to risk more trouble now. He led Teriel behind an outcropping of rocks, and then lowered himself to the ground, sheltered from sight by a large green bush. Through the leaves he could see the group of elves, they were surrounded by an ethereal light that did not originate solely from the lanterns they carried, and he could make out their figures easily. There were seven of them--six figures surrounding a seventh, the only one whose features were hidden by the hood of a deep green cloak. They grew closer and he froze, stilling himself completely while they passed. They walked lightly, their sweetly singing voices the only sound that could be heard as they moved along. The figure in the center caught his attention, and Aragorn thought he must be someone of some importance. In his curiosity he followed the elf's movements. The cloaked elf turned slightly, and Aragorn caught his breath. For a moment he was sure he had been seen, even though he could see only darkness within the rim of the elf's hood. But the progression continued forward, and none looked back. Aragorn waited until their glow had faded into the distance before carefully rising to his feet. He walked back to Teriel, patted him affectionately on the side, and ran a hand down his mane. "That was close," he said to the horse in elvish. "I suppose we better rest here tonight so we don't risk running into them again." 00000 Legolas gave a long-suffering sigh. They were singing again. He tilted his head up, looking out from the rim of the cloak towards the stars in a state of weary resignation. They might as well be a group of dwarves for all the noise they were making. He didn't know why his father insisted he be escorted to the edge of the forest. He could make it there quicker on his own, not to mention quieter. He knew the song they sang was a warning for the creatures in the forest to stay back, but if the spiders grew hungry enough words would not stop them. His bow alone was more protection than this escort. Nairian, one of his father's Captains, walked in front of him. Legolas almost pointed out he need not be in the center, as he was a better shot than any of those who flanked him, but he held his tongue. His father insisted on this and he would humor him, for now--the King was already making a great compromise allowing his youngest son to go to a town of mortals at all. Legolas was certain he would be able to convince Nairian to turn back before they reached the end of the trees, anyway. He always could. Nairian knew Legolas's abilities well, and trusted the young elf to take care of himself, even though his King did not. Once they were safely past the spider's breeding grounds, he would ask them to turn back and would continue the rest of the way on his own. They moved endlessly on, their pace slower than Legolas would have liked. The leisurely speed did allow him to scan better for trouble, however, he admitted to himself. Even if he would prefer to fly straight at it instead. As his eyes strayed to the right he glimpsed a flicker of something behind a bush. He turned slightly, watching curiously as he caught sight of a pair of eyes--intelligent eyes--staring back at him. A man. A Ranger, by the looks of him. The elves continued on, and Legolas turned his gaze forward, not speaking a word. Nairian had orders to take any trespassers in their realm directly to his father, and, much as he loved his father, the King could be rash in his dealings with mortals. Legolas would have to find out who this man was himself. When he was sure they had traveled far enough to be out of sight of their visitor, Legolas called his escort to a halt. Nairian turned quickly, already predicting what the prince would say. "King Thranduil asked us to escort you to the edge of Mirkwood, Prince Legolas," he said with a frown. Legolas pulled down his hood and smiled, the same smile he always wore when he was about to charm someone into giving him what he wanted. "And when have I ever allowed an escort to continue long enough to reach the edge of our realm? I am fine on my own. You know this." Nairian sighed. Legolas always did this. He was sure he would lose his rank as Captain if Thranduil ever found out he let him. At night, though, the request was more worrying. He did not want to be the reason something happened to the kingdom's youngest prince. "Legolas," he said tiredly. "Go back through the Hirin Pass, it's longer, but safer for traveling at night," Legolas told him, sure that would take them out of the way of Mirkwood's stranger. "Legolas," Nairian snapped. "I can make it an order, Nairian," Legolas said sweetly. "Last I remember, the prince had no dominion over the king." "Oh, Nairian, you are so dramatic. I am taking a small trip to Esgaroth. What could possibly happen?" "With you? Much?" Legolas smiled despite himself, and he could hear some badly disguised laughter behind him. "Go, I will be fine--and I will answer to the King if something should go wrong." "Yes, that's all well and good--but that's only if you are alive to answer to him, Legolas. It is the alternative that has me rather worried." Legolas moved past Nairian and turned to face him with a grin. "If you leave now, you will be back by morning." "And what shall I tell the King when we return within in but one day?" Nairian demanded. "Tell him we made good time, of course," Legolas told him pleasantly as he moved into the shadows. Nairian watched him go and then sighed. "He's going to be the death of me." Beside him, a member of the escort placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder. "Don't say that, Nairian, I'm sure you're in far more danger from the King." Nairian turned to glare at the speaker. "Liren, you are no longer allowed to speak." "Yes, Captain. I'll do exactly as you say, Captain," Liren said swiftly, his sparkling eyes unusually bright even for an elf. Nairian turned and led the way back to the King's halls. "I get no respect." 00000 Legolas jumped swiftly into the tree above him, and crouched down on a solid limb. He could not quite see the man from this distance, but it would not take long to reach him. He grabbed the clasp at his neck and released the cloak, pulling his bow from his back once it was out of the way. He quickly pushed the green cloak into a beige bag slung over his shoulder. Silent and quick, he made his way back to where he had seen the stranger. Alternately moving through the bushes and moving along the limbs of trees, he blended into the quiet harmony of the forest. Many saw the forest as lost, but he could still feel the souls of the trees, hear their hope, and Legolas knew Mirkwood was not lost to the shadow yet. Legolas jumped into another tree, and through the branches he caught sight of the man. He was beside a stream, apparently conversing