Legolas rode slowly across the barren land, wary as he sometimes became when traveling within in an area so entirely absent of trees. He hated the exposure of it, and far more than that, he hated that he could not feel the life surrounding him as it did in the forest of his home. Even though some of the great trees of Mirkwood were forced to grow in shadow, he could still feel the life in them, and he sorely missed it now. He pushed his wariness aside, however, though he still remained vigilant of any danger. Soon he would be in Rivendell, and he knew his troubles would ease. It had been decades since he had last visited and gone hunting orcs with Elladan and Elrohir--and the closer to Rivendell he became, the more he realized just how much he had missed his friends. But his absence was his own doing, and in his opinion could not be helped. The further the shadow spread over his home, the more reluctant he became to leave it--deathly afraid as he was of what he might find upon his return. But fighting back the dark creatures of the forest so long without rest had worn him down, and his father had insisted he take a rest. Forbidden at the moment as he was to join the patrols at home, he had instead asked for permission to go to Rivendell, where he intended to hunt orcs with Elladan and Elrohir safely out of sight of his father's watchful eyes. Thranduil had easily read his intentions, but hoping that Elrond's twin sons might help lift his spirits, he had let him go. After much more argument, he had allowed Legolas to depart without the escort he had prepared. And as Legolas caught sight of movement to the left and behind him from the corner of his eye, he wondered if insisting he ride alone might have been as foolish as his father seemed to believe. Legolas leaned forward, and whispered soothingly in Sindarin to his horse--reacting to the commands instantly, the horse spun around to face the coming threat. A party of orcs came crashing over a rise in the distance, not quite a half mile away. Legolas noted with distaste that some were riding wargs. He would deal with them first. He lifted his bow and grabbed an arrow from his back in one flawless move. The arrow still had not reached its mark when he had already shot two more, and as they finally made it across space between him and the orcs, the wargs began to fall one by one. He ran his eyes over the coming group, and counted maybe forty. But he was not afraid--the wargs already lay behind the charging orcs dead or dying, and he was sure he would fell many more of the enemy before they ever got close enough to fire their own arrows at him. He would lower their number by half before he ran out of arrows, assuming he didn't miss. And he never missed. Still, that left twenty to fight with nothing but his twin knifes. He had fought as many or more before, but doing so was a risk he would not normally want to take. As his last arrow hit its mark, and another orc was sent to the ground and trampled by the others, he turned to look anxiously behind him. If he rode, he would make it to Rivendell before they caught him--he was close enough to the haven by now. The orcs that were left were on foot, and he was a fast rider, but he could not bring himself to run. He slid down from his horse, the orcs still somewhat in the distance and obviously enraged that he had so casually killed half of them while remaining firmly beyond their own short reach. Whispering again to his horse, he sent him running reluctantly away to Rivendell with a firm pat on his side. Staying on his mount would make him a target, and he needed the freedom to move. Besides, he saw no reason why they should both be put at such risk. He looked back to the coming enemy as he pulled out his knives and prepared to fight, smiling grimly when he noticed the orcs had not stayed together. Not the best strategists in middle Earth, the faster of the orcs had gained on those lagging behind, and Legolas felt better of his chances if he did not have to face them all at once. Scanning them, he noticed that there were no archers left among them. They had been the next he had aimed for after the wargs, and he was glad he had gotten them all. They would have to come close to get to him, and Legolas was not about to make it easy. Tossing one of the knives deftly to his empty hand, he stood firmly--and waited for them to come. xxxxx Elladan and Elrohir were returning home. They had spent the last weeks hunting a rather large party of orcs that had been not far south of Imladris. As much fun as they both believed their trip had been, they were not regretting the return journey. They were looking forward to sleeping in real beds again, as well as seeing their father and Estel--Arwen, unfortunately, was still away in Lorien. They had not parted with Estel on the best of terms, as they had spotted him trailing after them before they had even left the stables, a small knife held in his hands that he had apparently intended to use to 'take care of some of those nasty orcs'. He had not been too happy with them when they had sent him off to Elrond instead of giving in and taking him with them. He didn't seem to understand that ten year olds shouldn't be off hunting orcs. Nevertheless, Elladan smiled at the memory. He had a feeling the incident would be remembered far more fondly by him and Elrohir than by Estel, whose young pride had not faired well. "Do you think Estel will be happy to see us?" Elrohir asked, as though he had read his brother's thoughts--which he may well have. Elladan smiled over at him. "Of course. He'll not want to be reminded of being so easily caught, I'm sure, and he will be far too interested in hearing the stories of our adventures as always to hold a grudge." Elrohir winced. The stories of this trip would be grimmer than most, and he wasn't so sure this time they should be told. The large group of orcs they had sought took many battles to finally defeat, and though they were both now healed from injuries they had received, neither had escaped every battle unscathed. "Elrohir." Elladan's tense voice pulled Elrohir from his thoughts, and when he lifted his gaze to his brother's face he saw his eyes focused on something in the distance. He turned to where he was looking and saw a rider-less horse running towards them. Not sure at first what had caused his brother's alarm, Elrohir finally recognized to whom this particular horse belonged. There was no saddle, but the blanket thrown over his back held the markings of Mirkwood, and less conspicuously, there were markings identifying the horse as belonging to the prince. "Oh no," Elrohir breathed. "What's he gotten himself into this time?" Elladan didn't answer, having already urged his own horse in the direction Legolas's came from. Elrohir followed him an instant later. To their surprise, Legolas's horse barely seemed to notice them, carrying on instead towards Rivendell without pause. Elladan stopped and spun to watch it with a frown. "Why do I get the feeling that foolish elf sent the horse to ride to Rivendell to keep it from harm?" "We have not the time for this now," Elrohir interrupted. "The horse left tracks that will be easy enough to follow. We must get to him, Elladan. Something tells me even now that we might already be too late." Elladan nodded and again the brothers took off. Both of them hoped they would not have to go far to find their friend, and even more they hoped they would find him well. xxxxx Ten minutes later, at the bottom of a steep hill, sounds of battle began to reach them. They pushed their horses on, up to the top, and even as they did both were afraid what they might see when they reached the other side. They stopped at the top to take in what was happening just below them, before pulling out their bows and urging the horses down to their friend. It was a massacre, but one both of the brothers looked on with satisfaction. Because in the distance they could see many orcs lay dead, and surrounding their friend, sixteen had fallen, and only five remained. Legolas looked up and met their eyes for an instant, before grinning and then refocusing completely on the fight. Elladan and Elrohir both returned the grin, and each let loose an arrow, both of which hit their marks. Elladan cursed quickly in Sindarin when one of the orcs finally snuck under Legolas's defenses and grazed his arm with a blade, but it did not stop his friend so Elladan turned his attention back to the remaining enemy, and pulled another arrow from his quiver. xxxxx Legolas slipped his knife up and into the orc that had cut him, stopping the movement only after the orc's cry of surprise had stopped and he went still. He turned to face the others then, only to find them lying at his feet, an arrow in each of their necks. He was certain he probably could have handled them on his own had he been forced to, but he was glad for Elladan and Elrohir's help regardless, even more so because he had not seen them in so long. He turned to face them as they rode to him, both of them grinning. Then he noticed with alarm that they appeared to be speaking to him, and he couldn't hear a thing. The knives held tightly in his hands suddenly felt far too heavy for such small weapons, and he stumbled forward when their weight became too much. He caught sight of the smiles falling from the faces of the brothers just as he fell to his knees, the blood stained knives in his hands slipping from his grip as he realized he could hold them no longer. He thought he saw his two friends running towards him, and thought that perhaps one or both of them was even shouting his name, but before he could be sure, the world titled and then went black. xxxxx Elladan slid to his knees beside his friend, and caught him just as his eyes had rolled back into his head and he started to fall towards the ground. He looked over him quickly, laying him gently on the ground, wondering what injury he had overlooked that could possibly cause this. Elrohir fell down beside him. "Where is he hurt?" he demanded. "I don't know," Elladan said frustrated. "There is only the cut on his arm." They looked towards each other then, their faces both reflecting the same fear. That this small scratch had brought their friend to his knees scared them far more than if they had found an arrow buried in his side. Only thousands of years of being a warrior kept Elladan's hands from shaking as he cut away Legolas's sleeve. The wound was not very long, though still fairly deep, but it was not the wound itself that concerned them. The veins in Legolas's arm stood out sickly, and instead of seeing red in the cut the color mostly there was black. "The blade was poisoned," Elrohir whispered. "We have to get him to father," Elladan said sharply. "You will