Everlark. Modern AU. Oneshot. I set it in my local pub - probably should have been in a bar (I don't know if you have pubs in America) but I know nothing about bars soo… I think they're about 19 years old roughly and I probably made Prim older than she should have been but hey, who cares? Disclaimer: I own nothing. Everything is Suzanne Collins'. Read, review, enjoy! Katniss let the heavy oak door swing closed, immediately muffling the sound of the howling wind outside. After wiping her old boots on the doormat, she shuffled across the floorboards, making her way over to a bar stool. By standing on her tip toes, she could just about edge her way onto the seat, her petite frame making things difficult. She flagged down the bartender. "One Old Speckled Hen, please." He nodded and poured it for her, placing the glass on the bar with a click. Handing over the money, she nodded then took a sip and waited. Three weeks ago, Jo, one of her old school friends, had started needling her. Apparently, even in this modern day and age, a girl needed a man around or there was something wrong with her. "C'mon," she had said. "You need a guy. How long have I known you? Not once have I ever seen you go on a date or even look at a guy like that. You said you needed to look after Prim. She's sixteen now, she does what she likes. You said you were too busy working. This new job has better hours. You said you needed to settle into the new job - you've been there five months! Where's the hold up?" It doesn't sound like much but after weeks of it, Katniss had given in just to stop the incessant whining, allowing Jo to set her up on a date. She wasn't sure this was the best idea but Jo had got it in her brain that this was the only chance Katniss had at future happiness, so was going all out. "He could be a male model, y'know, but he's really down to earth and a great guy. You and he are so similar" - which, coming from Jo, is like winning all the Oscars in one year. She had been told to be at the King's Head at 8.30 today, just for casual drinks to get to know each other. Katniss just hoped she hadn't been expected to dress up - she was just in boots, jeans and a t-shirt, covered with as much winter clothing as she owned. She was just taking another swig, when someone cleared their throat behind her. Placing the glass down, she turned to face her interrupter. "Katniss Everdeen? I'm Gale Hawthorne. I believe I'm supposed to be meeting you for drinks?" She shook his outstretched hand, remembering her friend's last minute advice - "Be nice, brainless. He won't like you if you act all… like you, actually." "Nice to meet you Gale. Have a seat." He settled himself in and ordered a beer of his own, before turning to her again. "Well, I know Jo said you were pretty but I didn't expect someone this gorgeous." She knew he was probably just flirting, but Katniss could return the sentiment. It was typical of Jo to exaggerate but in this case she had to agree her friend was right. Gale was a towering mass of lean muscle, olive skin and grey eyes matching hers. Slight black stubble dotted his chin, matching ebony locks brushed his brows while angular jaw and cheek bones cast shadows across his face. She smiled. "Same to you. So, how do you know Jo?" "A few years back her parents shipped her off to this summer camp where you learnt forest skills. My mum had done the same thing with me and my siblings. She was more likely to catch herself rather than any animals in her snares and I was a liability with an axe. We helped each other out, complained about our families and the rest was history." They both took a sip of their beer. "What about you?" "Old school friends - nothing exciting. We were ten when we met. She pulled my friend's hair, I called her a bitch, we decided we liked each other." "Sounds like Jo." She snorted. "Yeah. You mentioned you had siblings?" His face lit up. "Three - two brothers, one sister. I'm the oldest but Rory's next. He's-" Katniss suddenly stopped listening, though he continued to talk. When she had arrived, she had kept her head down, hoping to avoid meeting anyone she knew and having to make awkward small talk, as was inevitable in such a small town. Now she felt more at ease (and the seat next to her was taken) she felt comfortable enough to look around. The pub was familiar, propped up against the seafront with waves currently beating at the narrow path outside. Inside though, it was calm and cosy, families out together for a meal, groups talking in low voices and dogs lain lazily and haphazardly across the floor. Under the old oak beams in a wide fireplace lay a roaring blaze, giving everyone in the vicinity rosy cheeks. And over there, tucked in a corner with a group of friends - a pair of unmistakeable cerulean eyes. Peeta fucking Mellark. She scowled. As mentioned before, it was a small town and meeting old schoolmates was guaranteed, but she had been almost positive he had gone off to university somewhere. Why wouldn't he? He had the perfect grades and his parents certainly had the money, unlike her. She tuned back in. "-little Posy, she's only seven you know, but it only seems like yesterday… Hey Katniss, you okay?" She had forgotten about her scowl and made a conscious effort to smile, only partially succeeding. "Yeah, just a little warm. What were you saying about Posy?" "It only seems like yesterday she was born - I'm worried the day is coming when me, Rory and Vick have to do our brotherly duty and scare off…" And he was off again. As much as she tried to concentrate (because Gale was really nice and she had promised Jo), her mind kept drifting to Peeta. Because he was staring. Again. This was why she wouldn't have minded never seeing him again. They had spent seven years in the same classes in the same school without ever saying anything to one another. And every day he stared at her. Normally this would just have been creepy and she would have discounted him as a bit of a weirdo or a hormonal teenage boy. But this was Peeta Mellark, head of the football team, student council representative and, eventually, head boy. He had friends in abundance and, thanks to the Mellark genes giving him undeniable good looks, girls falling over him aplenty. He was popular. This meant Katniss couldn't just dismiss him as a loner with a stupid crush - he was never alone and no-one thought about her that way, least of all someone like him. Not that she wanted any attention - her and Jo and Madge had got on very well on their own, thank you very much (although both now had long term boyfriends). Then there were those little smirks he sent her every time she caught him looking. The one that ridiculed her, as if there was a joke she didn't know and it was at her expense. Nearly always one of his friends would notice and laugh outright and start whispering with him, about her no doubt. This was when she always looked away. That was what she had to live with through school. It was distracting when working and a constant reminder out of the corner of her eye that she wasn't good enough, a laughing stock. That was when she adopted Jo's policy of telling the world to go stuff itself, especially the male population. She had been so glad when they had finished college and had been so sure that he was going to go off to some top university. Hopefully, he would never come back. Obviously, that wasn't happening. Here he was, two months into the university term, sat a table with Delly Cartwright, Finnick Odair and Annie Cresta. "Sorry. I've been talking too much, haven't I? How about you - any siblings?" "Umm, yeah. One sister, she's called Prim and she's sixteen, the same as your Rory I think… She's sweet. Talks to everyone and everyone loves her. Looks nothing like me with her blonde hair and blue eyes." "How about your parents?" He was still staring, obviously unable to see Gale with a partition concealing them from one another. "What? Oh. Dead. Car accident. Not going to talking about it." "Sure. Sorry." There was a pause. "Can I get you another drink?" "No thanks." She shook her head, eyes locked on her nemesis across the room. Downing her drink then plonking it on the bar, she flicked her eyes up to meet Gale's. "Excuse me a moment." Slipping off her stool, she finally realised the height difference between her and her date was huge - he loomed over her. She was glad she had stayed seated thus far but knew she would never be able to concentrate with Peeta staring. It was finally time to do something about it (even if a little dutch courage was needed). She was no longer in school - she didn't need to worry about what he could do. Out here, he was powerless. Katniss started to walk slowly towards him, his eyes still following her. They widened in fear as she walked purposefully past the ladies and directly stared at him, making her destination obvious. All the clever words she had thought up flew out her brain the moment she stood a few feet from his table, replaced by anger that he had ruined her date and had impinged on her life. His friends hadn't noticed her yet; they had their backs facing her but that sweet ignorance wasn't going to last for long. "K-K-Katniss?" Peeta stammered. "Um, hi, wha-" "What the fuck's your problem?" She was hissing at him, spite coming through with every syllable she uttered. "Huh?" His cheeks had gone bright red, confusion and embarrassment flooding across his features. "What. The. Fuck's. Your. Problem?" She enunciated every letter, speaking as though he was a five year old. "I'm sorry… did I do-" "You're sorry? Oh, that's going to make everything better, isn't it? Why do you always stare at me?" Jo had always said that Katniss was the most sarcastic and blunt person she'd ever met, with the least amount of social skills. She wasn't about to stop now, especially when it was so well deserved. He just sat there, mouth agape, resembling a fish while his friends all just stared at her. Why don't they just join the club? "Great answer. Thanks for enlightening me." When he still didn't respond, she started yelling. "Look, I know you think I'm the scum of the earth and hate me. I know I'm ugly and boring and scruffy and poor and you probably think it's an offense for me to even be seen by you. Guess what? I don't care. But, for the love of God, will you please stop staring? You stared every day for seven years and if that's not a bit freakish, I don't know what is, but somehow you still seem to get everyone to love you. I had hoped I'd never see you again but obviously life isn't going my way at the moment." She stopped her tirade, breathing heavily and waited for Mellark to explode, to wring her neck for everything she just said. He just sat and stared. She threw her arms up in exasperation. "Ugh! I give up! Just, please, please, stop staring? I'd like the chance to have