Come Back… Be Here Sorry! I know I said I'd do this ages ago, but I've been ridiculously busy. Anyway, I read all of your responses and came up with this weird mixture of both ideas. So yes, this is supposed to be British!Peeta, so imagine him with an English accent, but that doesn't mean I've written him all that differently to normal. I'm English, so I read all the characters with an English accent and always write them as though they're English too. One thing that might make him slightly OOC is that we English are a quiet, self conscious, reserved bunch, who are (generally) less outgoing than your typical American (I can say this because I am English). So don't expect Peeta to be forthright in his expression of emotion… (Also, apologies for the amount of italics used - it was necessary. And sorry for this huge A/N!) Set in New York, they're in their late twenties. The second half is a lot better. Summary: The morning after a fight, Katniss wakes up to an empty apartment and an achy heart that tells her something she'd really rather not know. With BritishDiplomat!Peeta. Disclaimer: THG is not mine. Suzanne Collins owns it all, I just mess around with her characters. Read, enjoy, review! As the first tendrils of sunlight tickled her consciousness, Katniss began to stir. She was splayed out across the bed, feet hanging off the side and one very brave, very cold hand peeking out from under her quilt. She snuggled further under her covers until only the crown of her head was showing. She breathed slowly, hoping that she would soon return to blissful oblivion. Those peaceful, memory-less moments had been spent. Her eyes flicked open. Reluctantly, she pulled her duvet down far enough for her eyes to peek out, the faint light causing her to blink rapidly. She scanned the room and hoped desperately that her memories of the night before had just been a dream. The absence of off key singing in her apartment told her otherwise. Wincing as her feet made contact with the cold wooden floor, she grabbed a jumper and pulled it over her head as she padded over to the door. Hesitantly, she drew it open as if unable to confront the emotions that would face her on the other side. To the untrained eye, her living area looked normal and undisturbed, but everywhere she looked there was a reminder; it was as if a brick was added each time to the heavy burden she was carrying. Katniss forced herself to look at every single one, reliving the entire previous night. The pile of unwashed dishes by the sink: She came home to find an Englishman in her kitchen, cooking tea for her. She stifled a giggle at the sight of him, the masculinity exuding from him in his tailored suit slightly spoiled by the pink, frilly apron wrapped around his waist. It had been a gift from Prim a few years before that she had detested at the time, but this certainly made up for it. "How did you get in?" Her voice startled Peeta, making him physically jump, before turning and fixing her with a playful glare. It quickly morphed into a smile. " Is that any way to greet your amazing boyfriend who is making a homemade meal for you, even after he worked hard all day?" " Sitting there nodding while someone else waffles on about who knows what does not constitute as work." As his gaze continued, she humphed, before slinking across the room to give him a perfunctory kiss on the lips. He caught her arms, holding her to him until she relaxed against him, and then he gently released her. She gave him a small grin. "Satisfied?" He mulled it over for a moment, then shook his head, a glint in his eyes. She whacked his arm. "Well, that's all you're getting. Now, how did you get in here and, more importantly, what are you cooking me?" " Glad to see you've got your priorities in the right order. You should really keep the spare key in a place less obvious than under the door mat. An English favourite, seeing as I'm supposed to be promoting England - battered fish, mushy peas and chips. And you will have a chip butty even if I have to force feed you." At the time it had sounded disgusting, but it was surprisingly delicious (as well very amusing watching Peeta, still in his business get-up, eating his chip butty with his bare hands). They had had a good meal, laughing and joking about all sorts. They had got up to put the dishes in the kitchen and do the washing up as usual, when everything started to go downhill. Now for exhibit B, the smashed mug: " I am so full. How do you guys ever stay thin eating that stuff regularly?" " I could ask the same thing about you Americans and McDonalds." " Touché. What's your most embarrassing McDonalds moment?" " Don't have one - never really eaten there. More of a Subway guy myself." Katniss' jaw dropped. "I'll have to rectify that. Shall I tell you mine?" She didn't really know why she was doing this, dragging her most humiliating moments out into the open, but being with him always compelled her to act like a completely different person. "I was out with Jo one time during our lunch hour - this was back when we were at school - and we had decided to eat in. So, there we were with out food, when this hugely fat lady walked in. I hadn't actually noticed her (I was watching this hot guy on the other side of the room)." She absent-mindedly noted his jaw tightening slightly at this; as if he had any sort of competition from a 17 year old boy. " Jo was poking me, trying to get my attention. I pushed her away, trying to get her to stop. Instead, she just poked me again and whined, "But, oh my God, she's so fat!" in her terrifyingly loud voice. Everyone heard, including the lady, and turned to give her evils. Or so I thought. Until I realised they were staring at me and thought that I had said it! I tried to deny it, but everyone just hated me even more for trying to 'pin it on Jo'. We were very firmly asked to leave the premises. I've never been back." Peeta's sky blue eyes widened. "She actually said that?" " She actually said that." He whistled, starting to run the water into the sink. "Wouldn't want to get on the wrong side of her. She sounds very opinionated. What did she say when she found out about us?" An increasingly tense moment passed. "She doesn't know about us." It wasn't a question. He could see it in her face. She watched as disappointment flared in his eyes and he turned back to the sink, effectively ending the conversation. It was awkwardly silent for a few minutes before she snapped. "What?" Her eyes narrowed, as her turned round, his 'diplomat' face back on. "So what, I like my privacy. I have a right to it if I remember correctly. I only tell her stuff if it's really important." As soon as the words tumbled out of her mouth, she wanted to stuff them all back in. Crinkles appeared on his forehead. " What, so what we have is not important? I'm not important?" Normally, she would have reassured him, told him the truth that he was the most important thing in her world, but not today. She had been expecting this for weeks, for her to mess it up, or for him to realise that she wasn't good enough and leave. " Course you are!" she replied exasperatedly. " Of course you are," he mimicked back. "And how exactly am I supposed to know that when you never tell me how you feel. I don't even know if you actually like me!" " I don't know how I feel!" " How can you not - never mind. It's not even worth it." He turned back to the dishes, emotionless mask back in place. She was torn between hitting him and asking how the hell he managed to do that so easily. She went with a happy medium: angry whispering. " Sorry I'm quiet. Sorry I don't feed your ego enough. Sorry I'm not perfect like you!" She was met with a stony silence. "So I'm not even worth answering now?" Her voice suddenly raised, "Answer me!" Still no response. CRACK! Peeta looked at her with wide eyes as she slowly registered the fact that she had thrown the mug she was drying at the time at the wall by his head. She saw a flicker of fear run over his features before it was replaced with determination. She picked up another to chuck at him. She still couldn't believe that she had done that. No matter how angry she had been, she had never been violent like that. They had never finished doing the dishes and after… well, after she just couldn't force herself to do it. Leaving the pile where it was, she wondered back to the lounge area and looked at the final and most saddening piece of evidence: the undisturbed pillow and blanket lying on the sofa. Peeta raised his hand and clamped down on her arm, stopping her from destroying any more crockery. Just before he reached her, she flinched, seeing him towering above her with his arm raised. She squeezed her eyes shut, hoping he didn't notice. " You think I'd hit you?" The whisper was so soft she could barely hear it. Damn, so he had seen. She opened her eyes as he lifted his hand away, taking the mug with him. She couldn't help but look at his face. There she saw the shock and shame he felt, as obvious as if he had it written in capital letters across his forehead. They simply stared at one another for a few minutes, as she waited for him to say anything else. He turned his back on her and when he turned back, all emotions had been replaced by a tightly controlled anger. "You really think I'd hit you? After everything I said, about my mum, about wanting to become a diplomat. You actually flinch away from me?" He shook his head and gathered up his things. Folding up Prim's apron, he refused to look at her. His voice was stiff when he spoke. "Miss Everdeen, if I forgot anything, please send it to my office." And he left. He just walked out the door, leaving Katniss standing in stunned silence, staring at the door he had just walked out of. Because he was gone and, somehow, she knew he wasn't going to come back. She had spent the rest of the night wrapped up in bed, desperately trying to forget that last blank scan of her he had done before he left, as though she meant nothing to him. … Katniss sank down onto the settee, her head in her hands. With a flash of inspiration, she jumped up and found her phone, quickly calling his office. He should have been in by now. "Hello?" It was Peeta's assistant, Delilah Cartwright. "Hi, can I speak to Mr Mellark please?" "I'm afraid he returned to London last night. Is there a message I can pass on?" Disappointment wracked her body, because really, this wasn't the sort of thing that could be discussed through his secretary. "No, no message." She put down the phone. Had she really been that bad that he couldn't even stay in the same country as her? They had talked about an opportunity he had been given by work to go back to London with a better pay, that would also