Disclaimer: I do not own the rights to Harry Potter or any characters, places, beings, ideologies or religions associated within any of the works of JK Rowling and any affiliates. A/N decided to give fan fiction a crack since there isn't too much Harry/Gabrielle fanfic to go around, although I will warn everyone reading that this is the first time I have attempted anything like writing a story however I hope to improve as the story progresses. Now to pull a few minor tweaks I am increasing Gabrielle's age to that of a 13yr old placing her in her third year of Beauxbatons, the reasoning becoming more apparent as the story progresses. I would also like to let everyone know now that I won't be having anyone such as Fleur or Krum speaking in a heavy accent like the books, just to make it easier to read is all. Enjoy Harry Potter Two Souls One Bond Chapter 1: Two Hostages One Friend Dread. The single emotion clearly displayed on Harry Potter's face as he attempted to free his first friend Ron Weasley. Harry had no doubt in his mind that the second task would be a difficult one, although now that his best friend was in danger it really brought the reality of the triwizard tournament into perspective for him. The merpeople appeared docile for the moment keeping their distance as Harry attempted to free Ron from his bindings which suited him just fine. Harry released Ron from his bindings and he slowly began to float to the surface. He couldn't help but be concerned for the other three hostages however. Where are the other champions? Without thinking he began to move over to the other three hostages and attempt to rescue them. Before he could come within a meter several merpeople barred his way. Before the merpeople had a chance to strike a high pitch shriek pierced through the watery prison as one of the merpeople were torn in two by a shark. It took Harry a moment to reassess the situation and realize that it was Viktor Krum the Durmstrang champion. Well at least Krum can handle Hermione but where are Fleur and Cedric? Harry heard another screech and noticed Cedric had finally arrived and had already begun freeing Cho Chang. Cedric began the long ascent to the surface with Cho as Harry heard another ear piercing shriek, clearly directed at him, which prompted a split second decision. Harry shot past the merpeople before they could reorganize themselves and hastily began to free the fourth hostage. With the bindings undone Harry began to ascend to the surface before his mind returned to another hostage, Ron. Harry shot up like a rocket and within seconds he had reached Ron. Ensuring that the fourth hostage remained safe while doing so. Maybe I can catch a break he thought before he realized something was wrong, terribly wrong. The gillyweed had begun to wear off and with that Harry's aquatic prowess began to diminish. With every ounce of his being Harry pushed harder and harder grabbing Ron and the fourth hostage he ascended screaming internally that he had the strength left to make it to the surface. After what felt like an eternity Harry shot out of the lake attempting to claim as much air as he could for his aching lungs. Upon surfacing the spell that bound Ron and the fourth hostage diminished and he was soon faced with a terrified young girl and a more than ungrateful Ron. "Harry you git why'd you bring her along she would've been safe down there regardless, just wanting to play the hero again I'll bet" "Fleur hadn't arrived and I wasn't about to let her drown Ron," Harry snapped back. He then remembered that he had a flailing girl in his arms and proceeded to shore. His arrival at the shore wasn't what he had expected at all. Of course Madam Pomfrey was there to look him over, by now this was routine, however Professor Dumbledore was being torn into by Madame Maxime the Beauxbatons Headmistress. Harry could not understand what they were arguing about since it was all in what he presumed was French so instead he decided to see if the fourth hostage whom he still knew nothing about besides her obviously being from Beauxbatons. Harry slowly waded through the sea of people eager to congratulate him as well as the ever present press before making it to where Madam Pomfrey was inspecting the girl for any sign of injury. As soon as Harry appeared before her the girl began to slowly start crying before saying something in French. Moments later the Beauxbatons champion Fleur Delacour darted through the crowd and to the girl before enveloping her in a deep hug and began consoling her. Harry just stood still, he did not expect thanks nor did he really want one, it just felt like the right thing to do. When the girl had finally calmed Fleur turned to Harry and eyed him for a moment before ushering him off to the side. When they were safely out of view and earshot Fleur hugged Harry tightly. "Thank you Harry for saving her, she means more to me than the whole world." "Well I was really just doing what anyone else would do," "nonsense if that were the case either Cedric or Viktor would have done the same but by all accounts they did not which places my eternal gratitude upon you." Harry could only stand and absorb the statement. Cedric and Krum didn't attempt to save the girl at all. Harry's mind wandered to Ron's statement in the lake about him being in it for the glory before abruptly dismissing it. "Fleur if you don't mind could you tell me who the girl I saved was." Fleur stared at Harry for a moment before giggling slightly "Harry tell me you are not serious that is my little sister Gabrielle." Harry's eyes widened how didn't I see that they even look similar. "Come now Harry we will speak again later as I am sure Gabrielle will also want to thank her savior but for now let us face the crowd." Fleur strolled out of the meeting place and resumed caring for her sister leaving Harry with a set of questions. Later that evening in the Beauxbatons carriage Fleur was caring for her sister who was still slightly shaken from the ordeal, she knew Gabrielle wasn't as strong as her but there was something unusual about Gabrielle's behavior. How can she sleep after the ordeal she just experienced, its unheard of thought Fleur as she silently watched over her sister. "Fleur, Gabrielle its Madame Maxime may I enter." Fleur opened the door for their Headmistress who despite being half giant, still entered through the door with as much poise and grace as any other Beauxbaton. "How are you two feeling," "Well I feel like a complete failure" Fleur sighed, "however Gabrielle seems to be holding up well." "I sense something else on your mind Fleur, come we shall discuss it over tea." Madame Maxime and Fleur silently exited the room in order to prevent Gabrielle from waking. As the two were seated Maxime made two cups and the two sat in silence for a moment before Madam Maxine spoke up. "It's about Harry Potter isn't it?" Fleur nodded slowly. "Harry is very unique Headmistress, for reasons I cannot explain properly he isn't like the others here at this school." "When referring to Potter as being unique, am I to be correct in assuming that you are referring to your veela allure being ineffective on him?" Fleur nodded again, "it just seems unusual that he is immune to our powers when almost everyone else in the school isn't." The Headmistress sighed and sipped her tea. "You wish for Potter to see Gabrielle do you not?" "Well Headmistress it was actually Gabrielle who asked, she wants to meet the man who saved her." "Very well, I shall speak with Albus first thing in the morning regarding your sister and Potter meeting." Fleur began to rise and was about to head back to Gabrielle's room when Maxime continued speaking. "Fleur can Gabrielle speak fluent English yet?" "Do not worry Headmistress I will deal with that" Fleur smiled and returned to her sister. Harry hadn't had much sleep that night. Visions of merpeople spearing him or Fleur's sister kept him on edge. The what if's and what could've ensured Harry a restless night. His day wasn't much better. Right from the moment he walked into the Gryffindor common room he was greeted by Hermione and a very annoyed Ron. "Morning guys he yawned" as he walked towards them. "Morning guys nearly got speared or drowned to death yesterday but it's ok because I'm Harry Potter." "Ronald" said a clearly annoyed Hermione. "Sorry Harry I don't know what's come over Ron this morning" said Hermione as she still glared at Ron. Harry simply ignored Ron's little tantrum and pulled his schedule from his robes. "What's on the agenda today guys?" Hermione glad to be changing the subject began to go over the schedule for the day. "Then we have Flitwick in Charms, remember that paper is due on the nature of charms," Harry sighed and realized he hadn't had time with his preparation for the second task. "Finally" Hermione said before her smile faded, "Potions with Snape." "Well we better get moving sooner the day is done the sooner we can relax," Hermione agreed followed by Ron at the back of the group shaking his head. Charms had not been as disastrous as Harry had thought. Professor Flitwick allowed Harry a pass on the assignment due to his outstanding performance during the second task as well as knowledge that Harry was already physically performing at near N.E.W.T level for charms anyway. "So its like I said Mr Potter, don't always expect leniency like this when it comes to tasks I give you, however given your outstanding knowledge in the field I could definitely give you a pass." "Thank you professor" Harry said before exiting the classroom and spying a very angry Ron. "Even his ears were red this time" Harry said to Hermione as they walked to potions. The walk to potions was always a chore no matter what subject they had and the way Ron had been with Harry only made his prospects for a successful day drop further. "I'll ask Ron whats wrong later Harry but for now we have more pressing issues." Harry just simply nodded and kept walking. Upon entering potions Harry experienced the usual. Malfoy would spend the lesson focusing on Harry until he provoked any reaction then Professor Snape would take 10 points from Gryffindor for Harry's action. While trying and failing to brew a death potion the door to the room opened and a frightened looking second year scurried to Snape before scurrying away as quick as he came. "The Headmaster wishes to see you immediately Potter hopefully for reasons which I have discussed with him during staff meetings, this will be another fail by the way which now puts you behind Mr Goyle, and here I thought being behind Mr Longbottom would look bad enough." Snape sneer was ever present as he left the room secretly cheering on the inside at his stroke of good luck. Harry arrived rather quickly to the Headmasters office to see a slightly disturbed look upon the old man's face, disappearing the second Harry came into view. "Ah Harry there you are now I hope I haven't upset you by removing you from potions early." "Not at all professor it's good to be away from the dungeons, too dark for my liking." "Well now Harry I'm sure you know that I wouldn't do this unless it was important but I found myself conversing with Madam Maxine this morning the Beauxbaton Headmistress and she had requested you