Prepare for authors notes! Firstly I want to make it known that I will be taking certain ideas from two fics I finished made by the talented Zaxarus. The two fics in question are seamlessly linked the first going by the name of Second Chances and its sequel named Harry Potter and the Congregation of the Asp. Now while I will have some similarities there will be some major differences in this fic, pairing for Harry is the same and all and I really loved Roxanne as a character and hope that I could come within a fraction of that character's appeal. The differences however will become quite apparent over the first few chapters as I mainly don't want to spoil anything but I will say expect a much more powerful and confident Harry. And yes I know when this chapter goes up there will be people saying Azza where is the next Two Souls One Bond chapter and to that all I can really say is it's probably going on hiatus until I can figure out what my original intentions with the story were. Chapter one was published around early 2015 I believe and I really had no idea what I was doing at the time so I more or less disappeared for two years until I came back with my Fairy Tail fic which as of the posting of this chapter is still ongoing. Why am I explaining this you may ask, to let you all know that I do not plan to throw chapters out for this fic as sparingly as the other HP one. Anyway with all that out of the way hopefully you all enjoy chapter one and as I say to all my Fairy Tail fans I have no specific upload schedule because of Uni and other matters but I usually try to have something within a week or two provided life doesn't destroy that. I do not own Harry Potter J.K Rowling does. An Unexpected Encounter /#4 Privet Drive/ Harry Potter, the boy who lived, the boy who defeated the Dark Lord Voldemort and was a hero to the wizarding world. Any wizard or witch would tell you that there would be nothing the boy couldn't handle; his achievements in his first three years only solidified that fact in their minds. They couldn't be more wrong. Harry knew he'd be back at the Dursley's again, back into what he occasionally referred to as Durzkaban Prison once he'd heard about Azkaban and how the prisoners were treated there. Harry knew the prisoners were probably treated much harsher, his Godfather Sirius being a prime example, but he knew that he had it far worse than most. Harry had kept himself relatively secluded from the Dursley's over the past few weeks only coming out for the scraps of food offered to him by them. Harry thought he might be able to survive the holidays if this arrangement continued but sooner or later as he predicted it all hit the proverbial fan. "Get down here boy at once," yelled Vernon as Harry sighed and put away one of his textbooks. Making his way down the stairs Harry knew where he'd find his uncle and true enough there he was. Unsurprisingly Vernon was situated at the fridge, ice cream tub in hand as he looked at Harry with his usual sneer. "What is it Uncle Vernon," asked Harry dryly really wishing the interaction never had to take place. "Why is there food missing boy, all of the toffees and chocolate bars for Dudley are gone, where are they boy!" ' Probably half way digested in the whale's stomach by now,' Harry thought amused at the situation as he made up a reason. "I don't know Uncle Vernon I haven't left my room other than to have dinner." "Nonsense boy I know your kind always hiding and scheming, freaks like you always think you can just take what you want don't you, I bet you have it stashed in your room!" Harry could only sigh as he looked at the man in front of him. Braving the trials to get the Philosipher's Stone, entering the Chamber of Secrets and slaying an ancient basilisk and confronting a supposedly notorious mass murderer and fighting off countless dementors. All these things Harry had done and his Uncle had the nerve to pick a fight with him over such nonsense. "I'm not lying Uncle Vernon you can even check my room." "As if I'll enter that room you've probably got magic all over the place! I'll not deal with your nonsense a minute more there'll be no dinner for you for three days!" This caused Harry to frown, after knowing all that was available to him in the wizarding world he had to put up with being starved for no reason other than Vernon's stupidity, this made Harry only further contemplate why he remained at his Aunt and Uncle's even more. "What's with that face boy, a sign of guilt most likely! Just wait till your Aunt hears about this ungratefulness!" "You know what Uncle Vernon," Harry said losing his patience. "Dudley the fat whale was probably up last night eating them, as for ungratefulness what's there to be grateful for! Barely a meal a day, isolation and constant bullying I don't have to be grateful in the slightest!" Vernon's face became beet red as he clenched his fists. "How dare you speak about us that way boy you should be grateful someone bothered to take in a disgusting freak like you!" "Well then if you're so sick of me being here then maybe I should just leave then!" Vernon could only snicker; Harry wouldn't leave since he has nothing and nowhere to go. "You think this is a joke Uncle Vernon," Harry said raising his voice even further before bolting upstairs. "Surely the brat wouldn't actually-?" Vernon was surprised when he could hear the constant thuds as Harry's trunk his every stair. "Tell Aunt Petunia that she's a disgrace to the Evans' name," Harry shouted as he walked out the front door. Vernon who was watching in shock quickly recovered and ran after the boy. "I'll not have you pulling this nonsense again boy do you hear me!" Before Vernon reached Harry his wand was already in Vernon's face. "Funny seems like a repeat though I'm not coming back this time!" Vernon backed off and went inside the house as Harry made his way down the road. "Stupid boy, he'd better not get far or that money will be cut off quick! How else am I supposed to pay for Dudley's schooling and my new car!" Harry was furious as he went and sat in the same spot he did in the previous year. "The Knight Bus should do, I'll get to The Leaky Cauldron and go from there." Unbeknownst to Harry there were two sets of eyes on him and neither were any of the neighbours or the Dursley's. Mundungus Fletcher had just arrived from his visit to the pub to begin his watch as he caught the end of the dispute. "Better tell Dumbledore before the kid gets too far." And with a crack he apparated. /Knight Bus/ Harry quickly boarded the Knight Bus and gave his destination. Having remembered his first experience on the Knight Bus the previous year Harry wasn't even phased with the antics going on around him, what did phase him however was the witch that approached him. "You're Harry James Potter correct," the woman asked. "Maybe that depends who are you?" The woman couldn't help but smile. "Caution, I like that. Harry we don't have much time for introductions but my name is Roxanne Greengrass I take it you might know my last name?" "You have a daughter in my year right, Daphne," Harry said confused as to why a Slytherin would even be remotely associating with him right now. "Yes I'm glad you remembered. Now we have less than five minutes before we make it to the Leaky Cauldron and one of Dumbledore's little club will be sitting there waiting for you so I'll make this quick." "Dumbledore's little club excuse me-." Harry was cut off as the woman waved her hand. "Harry you know that Sirius is your Godfather correct?" "Yeah I found out last year but how do you know?" "Well he told me where you'd be so I could contact you but once I'd arrived at Privet Drive I'd noticed Dumbledore's many spies watching and thought it best to wait. Then your sudden departure gave me an opportunity to speak with you." "Well if Sirius trusts you with my location then who am I to argue," Harry sighed thinking back on why he left. "Now I know this might seem like an unorthodox way of him contacting you but I assure you we have good reason, here this note should clarify a bit." Roxanne handed Harry a sealed letter with the Black Family Seal on the back. "Well this pretty much proves you aren't lying," Harry said as he opened and began to read the letter. "So you want me to apparate with you back to Greengrass Manor and Sirius is already there?" "Precisely but we must apparate as soon as we get off the bus Harry, before the little club can swoop in." "What's this club you keep mentioning?" "I'd rather leave that for Sirius to explain, he's quite angry about recent events and I won't deny him the opportunity to speak of them himself." Harry simply nodded as the bus reached its destination. Holding out her arm Roxanne motioned for Harry to take hold. "Come Harry let us be off, make sure you hold your things tight. Normally I'd just shrink them down but as it stands we don't have that luxury." Harry nodded as the two apparated just as the door to the Leaky Cauldron opened. "Wotcher Har-," Tonks didn't even finish her sentence as she realised the Knight Bus had sped off while Harry had either not departed or he had disappeared. "Oh dear I'd better let the Order know." /Greengrass Manor/ Harry and Roxanne arrived at the front entrance to the manor with a crack. Roxanne looked down at Harry and realised he was dazed. "Oh sorry about that Harry I didn't even think to ask if you had ever apparated before." Harry just nodded and smiled weakly before regaining his bearings. "It's ok Lady Greengrass." "Call me Roxanne dear," she replied sweetly which completely threw Harry off. Calling for her house elves they quickly took all of Harry's belongings. "I'll have them placed in your room for you dear don't worry and your owl will go in the owlery with the others." "They have an owlery," Harry thought still slightly dazed and confused before a shaggy black dog ran over to them. "Ah and here is wizarding Britain's biggest troublemaker now," Roxanne sighed as she could see dirt on the dog's paws. "You better not have been digging more holes in the yard Sirius or I'll have you collared and leashed!" The dog began to transform into a human once more as Sirius appeared sporting a large grin. "Roxanne you know I would never defile such a wonderful garden by digging holes throughout the place." Harry could only stare at the two in shock, his brain was becoming too overloaded with all the new things happening. "Harry so good to see you," Sirius said bringing him in for a hug which Harry promptly returned. "Uh hey Sirius you wanted to see me," Harry said with a grin as the older man's face darkened somewhat. "Yes I did want to see you and I'm glad Roxanne got a hold of you this soon." "This soon, have you tried to come see me before Lad- Roxanne?" Roxanne sighed as she shook her head, "Harry that is a topic we must discuss away from PRYING EYES!" Roxanne looked