A/N : This was written for the 2016 SSHG Gift Fest on LiveJournal. It's three chapters in length. I've decided to cross-post it here. You can find more information about my prompt below. Thank you, as always, to my kind beta and friend, Brittny, for her immeasurable help. It can't have been easy putting up with reading my stuff all these years. #AmIRight? And thank you to those who are and/or might leave positivity in that Review Box, whether for this attempt or something else. It's what's kept my muse hanging on for five years, so that's gotta count for something, no? As I've so often expressed with my past storytelling efforts: without your thoughts, it isn't worth sharing. Disclaimer : Harry Potter is copyrighted to and belongs to JK Rowling. I'm just playing in her sandbox. No money, just fun. Artwork is credited to lily-fox on DeviantArt and entitled, "Rooibos". LJ Fest: SSHG Gift Fest Giftee: worrywart Creator: CRMediaGal Beta(s): Brittny Rating: R Warning(s): Smut, Mild Language Prompt: Severus has spent years trying to find relief from the deep ache caused by the snake bite. He's tried Muggle physio/acupuncture, hypnosis, potions, spells, counter jinks, etc. Hermione is a specialist in your choice of unique technique, to whom Severus has been recommended. It's a last ditch effort. After a few sessions/classes the couple begin to become friends, and as Severus finally heals, they become more. The Cure By CRMediaGal Chapter 1: Desperation and Hope This is assuredly one of your more wretched ideas; or, perhaps, the most absurd. Severus ground his teeth together to keep from issuing what would have naturally resembled a snarl of the utmost frustration. He separated his interwoven, bony hands to flex them apart, hoping to loosen the sweaty, cramped grip that had resulted from the unpleasant sensations he was currently experiencing. You did this to yourself, numbskull. Twice. Severus squeezed his eyes shut, draped his hands over top of his abdomen, and inhaled deep, calculated breaths. In and out. In and out. This nonsense will be over soon. The acupuncturist had informed him at the start of these wonky procedures that there could 'be no gain without pain', whatever the bloody hell that meant. He should have walked straight out of the barmy git's office then and there but, instead, he had allowed Desperation to have a go at his expense. This would be the second and last time he would suffer this humiliation, thank you very much! The office was dreary-looking, cramped, and far off the beaten path, concealed in an alleyway in a seedy part of London. The blinds were kept shut and the furniture was minimal and fraying at the edges. None of this caused you concern the first time, did it? Severus griped to his stubborn, irritable conscience. Bleedin' twat. The place smelled of a miserable mixture of disinfectants and peculiar incense Severus's large nose couldn't quite place. Desperation lead you to this foolishness , he reminded himself as his fingers found themselves unconsciously tightening together once more. His muggle practitioner spoke broken English, but that didn't bother Severus so much as the lack of patient flow— You are the only wizard daft enough to be trying this, after all! —as well as the fact that the office contained only one practitioner and a rather questionably young-looking assistant. All of these red flags should have clued the brilliant, sharply shrewd Severus Snape in that this was going to be another failed attempt at sought-after relief. An alternative, muggle pseudoscience—no matter how ancient and well-regarded it may be—wasn't going to cure him of the pains brought on by a snake breed of wizarding origin. He considered himself a fool for taking yet another chance on muggle medicine, but then, Severus Snape had taken many more gambles since Nagini slaughtered him short of his life six years ago. This likely wouldn't be his final futile endeavour in pursuit of respite. A horrible, suctioning pain at the source of Severus's grievances brought him cruelly back to the present. He tensed his shoulders and cursed an excruciating, " Fuck !" before it could be stopped. His body reacted instinctively, jerking away from the vacuuming suction that was clamped against his jugular. A small but firm hand quickly grabbed his forehead to prevent him from moving another inch. "Ah, Mr Snape," a short, bald-headed Asian man with wise eyes chuckled close to his left ear. "No moving! It's painful, I know, but it works." Wanna bet? Severus wondered but kept such challenging thoughts under wraps. He had wasted enough precious galleons on absurd remedies, both medical and magical, to cure this affliction. This, he determined this morning, was one of the worst he had tried: cupping therapy. And also the bloody last! he swore off as the suctioning sensation finally subsided, though his throat continued burning as if he had gulped down too much Firewhisky in one swig. "Lots of pain?" the seemingly amused Asian man probed as the last cup was removed. Severus, realising that his upper body was far too stiff, forced his shoulders to slump and pried his eyes open. He sneered up at the culprit of his present misfortunes and spat between his teeth, "Yes. Exceptionally ." "Ah, yes. Pain is good, Mr Snape. Yes," the muggle rambled on as he and his taller, too-tight robed female assistant shuffled around Severus's reclining clinical chair, putting their funny-looking contraptions away out of sight. "Pain be worse before it be better. Pain be gone soon, yes." Severus offered a parting scowl. "There won't be another." The acupuncturist turned around and raised a bushy, white eyebrow at him. "No?" " No ." Giving a swipe to the front of his pristine, black frock coat, Severus rose gracefully out of the patient chair, nodded curtly to the doctor, and thanked him for his time. "That will be all. Good day." "Ah... Good day, Mr Snape?" The door to the clinical room had closed before the muggle had finished replying. He would never see the pale, gangly man with the nastiest neck wounds he had ever seen again. Severus glanced over the sparse information in his hand, the sceptic, critical scowl lining his mouth acutely telling. His old mate, Lucius Malfoy, had supplied the address to him days ago, and he could barely make out the wizard's lazily-imparted cursive; but the information had been supplied, nonetheless, though there was not much else to go on. He supposed he was at the right place as his dark, slit-like eyes glanced between Lucius's scribbled note and the number next to the impressive iron gates several times over— That looks like a nine but it might be a seven? Oh, of all the... Lucius, you unhelpful arse! —but he wasn't yet ready to take the plunge by passing through the front gates and heading up the stone steps. Severus knew his friend to be a better chap than all this, but the man's lack of full disclosure was untoward and aggravating in the extreme. It was only in passing conversation the other day at Lucius's home at Malfoy Manor that the acquitted Death Eater had suggested that Severus seek therapy. "I have tried therapy, Lucius, and many forms of it, in fact," Severus started intervening on him when the still suave, ever elusive wizard whipped out a quill, tore off a piece of parchment from an empty scroll on top of his desk, and began writing furiously and secretively, all whilst "tut, tut"ing at Severus under his breath. He then handed Severus the address of which he was now in pursuit and briefly explained, as he escorted his guest out of his study and back to the sitting room to Floo home, "Give this person a try, Severus. I'm telling you, they made a world of difference for me." Severus flashed Lucius a frown that appeared both confounded and equally suspicious. "Who is this per—?" "If I told you, you wouldn't believe me," Lucius responded with a chuckle. That wasn't exactly encouraging. Severus's scowl deepened. "Then what kind of therapy are we talk—?" "If I told you that , you wouldn't go," Lucius only served to tease him further, smiling in that ambiguous, charming manner that Severus openly despised. It put his mounting reservations on edge. His insides recoiled, suspecting. "I don't need a psychiatrist, Lucius." "You really think I would lead you astray?" "My afflictions aren't of the head," Severus pressed irritably, quietly. "I know that, Severus." Lucius added, with boisterous laughter, "But I daresay that's debatable to some!" Severus wasn't in the mood. "Why have you failed to mention this person before?" Lucius shrugged, showcasing no offence. "I figured something else would come along and work out for you." He reached around Severus to gently pat him on the back. "I'm sorry, my friend. Do give this person a ring. They come highly recommended, but only by word of mouth, and I'd be shocked if they couldn't help you in some way." "And if they don't?" Lucius's smile was faint but nonetheless earnest. "Then we both gave it our best shot." "' We '?" Severus reiterated, one eyebrow arched in inquisition. Severus and Lucius had reached the sitting room fireplace, where Lucius abruptly turned his back, muttered something about farewells under his breath, and allowed Severus to see himself out. Severus stared on, thoroughly displeased as Lucius left with little to no more particulars, and settled for ringing the muggle practitioner the next morning. He could only assume it was a muggle practice, after all, seeing as Lucius had mentioned phoning for an appointment. The wacky image of Lucius Malfoy attempting to use a muggle telephone was enough to almost put Severus off the idea. Almost. The female secretary on the other end had been overly jolly with Severus's inquiry and just so happened to have an opening mid-morning the following day. When Severus had probed for more information about the vague practice's services, the chipper lady's response had been curiously odd and unrevealing. "All will be explained in full upon agreeing to our patient-practitioner confidentiality agreement, Mr Snape," the sectary had sought to explain without providing more details. "We don't like to solicit our services to the general public for fear of being inundated with more overflow than our head of the office can handle. For you , sir, we will be most glad to consult and see if there are any treatments we can provide you." 'What a load of bollocks', Severus had thought after slamming down the phone at a local muggle booth, feeling bewildered rather than relieved. It was only with Lucius's good word in mind that he was determined to go forward with the appointment at all. And desperation has led you to your newest low , he sourly reflected at present, a look of disgust crossing his weathered features, as Severus stepped from the sidewalk to open the iron gate. A recognition of familiar magic ghosted over him, leaving Severus's wizarding senses tingling and his feet halting in their tracks as the gates clashed shut behind him. Wards . Invisible to the muggle eye, and yet, he had had to use a muggle form of communication to reach the office. This place was becoming curiouser and curiouser. Severus climbed the three stone steps to the front door, passing by three thick pillars on either side, and entered without hindrance. The wards were growing stronger, however, scanning and reading for Severus's identity, prickling at every intuition he possessed. And that was all before he had reached the front desk, tall and imposing and half hiding the bubbly personality stationed behind it. A bright secretary, with a sunny disposition and eye-popping, bleach blonde hair, raised her eyes and greeted him with a smile. "Mr Snape, I presume?" she inquired pleasantly. Severus recognised the woman's voice as the same from their brief, peculiar telephone exchange the previous day. "Indeed." "A pleasure to meet you, sir.