A Love Like Day and Night It was just after midnight as Hermione descended the stone staircase that led to the dungeons. She wore Harry's invisibility cloak over her Gryffindor robes. She used one hand to pat down her poofy hair as she walk further down into the depths of Hogwarts. When she got to the door of the Slytherin common room, she was reluctant to say the password. "Pure-blood," Hermione whispered, wincing as she did so. She tiptoed into the dark commons. She walked toward the couches where she saw a flicker of light and the familiar white blond hair she had grown to love. She slipped off the invisibility cloak. "Finally, Granger." Draco looked up as he grabbed her and pulled her to the couch with him. A candle rested on the table beside them. "I thought you were going to start calling me Hermione?" Her tone was teasing. "I said I would think about it," he pulled her closer, staring at her lips. He was still able to make her heart skip a beat after almost a year of sneaking around. He kissed her deeply and passionately. A kiss that scared her with its intensity. A kiss she wanted to feel every day of her life. The first to come off were the robes, then the uniform underneath, and then what was underneath that. Soon they were tangled in each other's arms, naked. Draco threw the invisibility cloak over them in an attempt to hide them. "Are we really going to do this here?" Hermione looked around the dark room where anyone could walk around the corner and see them there. "Everyone is asleep." Draco kissed her neck, down to her collar bone. She shivered under his warm lips. Moaning his name, she closed her eyes and let herself get lost in him. Hermione woke up still wrapped in Draco's warm arms. She smiled as she looked at his peaceful, sleeping face. Then panic hit her. The candle had almost completely gone out. What time is it? Hermione thought as she found her wand. " Lumos ," she whispered and pointed it at the clock hanging on the wall. It read 5:46. This was bad. It was almost time for students to start waking up. She jumped out of Draco's arms, waking him in the process. Drowsily, he looked all around him, trying to figure out what was going on. She pointed to the clock and continued to get dressed as fast as she could. He did the same. Once she was done, Hermione rushed to the door of the commons. She opened it and stayed on the other side, waiting for Draco. He stepped outside and went to kiss her goodbye. She stepped away from his kiss. "What's wrong, Love?" Draco's blue eyes lit up with concern. "Draco...I can't do this anymore." She whispered. She felt tears welling up in her eyes. She tried to blink them back. "What do you mean?" Draco's face turned hard. It was obvious he didn't want to hear this. "We either need to go public, or not be together at all. This sneaking around is going to kill me. If you want me around, you need to stand up to your father. If you can't do that, I can't be with you." "You know I can't." "Then I guess this is done." Hermione said as she pulled the invisibility cloak over her and walked up the stairs leading out of the dungeons. She knew their relationship had no real future, but that didn't stop the tears that silently rolled down her cheeks as she got to the door, or rather portrait, to the Gryffindor common rooms. She pulled off Harry's invisibility cloak, frightening the Fat Lady. "Oh my dear! You scared me! What are you doing out so early? Oh my dear girl, are you crying?" The Fat Lady asked, concerned as she looked down at Hermione. "Fairy Lights." Hermione said the password as she wiped her eyes and waited for the door to open. "What is the matter?" The Fat Lady tried again. "Fairy Lights!" Hermione repeated desperately, purposefully not looking at the portrait. She really wasn't in the mood to talk to anyone. The Fat Lady looked concerned but opened the door. Hermione rushed in. She glanced at the clock before running up to the girls' dormitory. It read 6:10. She had just made it. "Where were you last night?" Rose, a friend of Hermione, asked at breakfast. "I had a nightmare and didn't see you when I woke up." This grabbed Harry and Ron's attention. "Yeah, where did you go with my invisibility cloak?" Harry asked, his eyebrows knitted together in concern. "Will you all calm down? I just went to the library to do some reading. I needed to catch up on Potions homework." "Classic Hermione," Ron said before quickly changing the subject to the upcoming trip to Hogsmeade. Hermione looked across the Great Hall toward Slytherin's table. She instantly found him. Her heart skipped a beat for a moment, but then pain hit her at full force. Hermione hadn't expected him to look the way he did. His eyes were bloodshot and his hair, usually slicked back, was a chaotic disaster. She had never seen him like this. Hermione wanted to run up to him and hold him in her arms, but she quickly remembered it was his fault she couldn't do that. "Hermione...are you okay?" Ron asked. "You haven't even touched any of your food." "I'm not very hungry. In fact, I have more studying to do. See you guys later." Then she was off. "Hey how are you feeling?" Rose asked as Hermione sat down next to her in Potions class. "I just...why am I never good enough?" Hermione pondered, more to herself than Rose. "I want a guy that will fight to be with me." "Well, you just haven't met the right guy and that's okay. I'm sure you're more compatible with a smarty pants like you," Rose said jokingly. "He is out there." "I know." It was then that Draco walked in with Pansy Parkinson and Blaise Zambini. Draco casually looked around the room and stopped when his eyes fell on Hermione. She flushed under his gaze. Hermione thought she saw a flash of pain in his eyes, but he quickly turned his head away. Pansy walked closer to Draco and put her arm around his. She asked, in a particularly annoying voice, where they should sit. Hermione felt as if she had just been punched in the stomach. There was no air left in her lungs. Was he already with Pansy? She glared at him now. Pansy took notice of this. "What are you staring at, Mudblood?" Pansy narrowed her eyes as she spat out the venomous words. "Do you have a problem?" Hermione quickly looked down, hoping Professor Snape would walk through the door. "No." Hermione said calmly. She could feel Rose's wide eyes staring at her. Everyone in the class had gone silence. Pansy walked over to where Hermione was sitting and glared down at her. Hermione, having one of the worst days, stood up and looked Pansy in the eyes. "Actually yes, my problem is you." Rose gasped and everyone shifted in their seats. "What?" Pansy asked, surprised by Hermione's bluntness. "I'm sick and tired of people like you pretending like they run this school. You constantly bully students and I am done being bullied by you." Hermione grasped her wand underneath her robes, ready for retaliation. Pansy took out her wand and pointed it at Hermione. "You will regret you ever said that. Do you know what I'm sick of? Mudbloods like you thinking they are equal to me." Pansy scrunched up her face as she looked at Hermione like she was filth. A fire burned deep inside Hermione. "I know I am not equal to you," Hermione stated. Pansy smirked and turned to walk toward her seat. "I am much better." Pansy spun around quickly, raising her wand. " Stupefy ." A red light hurled itself out of Pansy's wand. As Hermione raised her wand to block the spell, it flew out of her hand. The spell threw Hermione back against her desk. Her world started to fade to black. Just before she passed out, she saw a Ravenclaw boy a few seats away putting his wand back into his robes. Hermione stood in front of a full length mirror in a beautiful, white gown. A veil sat on her perfectly curled hair. Tears fell from her eyes as she never thought she could be so beautiful. Harry and Ron entered the room behind her. They both smiled and told her how wonderful she looked. She was relieved to see them as they gave her strength. Then she was walking down the aisle. And she saw him. He stood tall at the end of the aisle wearing a brilliant black tux. He was all smiles and tears. He looked at her like she was the only one in the room. He ran his fingers through his white, blond hair before wiping his eyes. Hermione clutched her green and gold bouquet. " Draco Malfoy, Do you take Hermione Granger to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold, in sickness and in health, in good times and woe, for richer or poorer, keeping yourself solely unto her for as long as you both live?" The minister asked. " I do." Draco stated confidently. The minister then looked at Hermione and repeated the vows. " I do." She smiled. " I now pronounce you husband and wife." Just before they kissed, a green flash blinded Hermione. Before she could understand what was happening, Draco fell to the floor, dead. Hermione looked toward the crowd and saw Pansy standing in the middle of the aisle with her wand held high. A crazy smile spread across her face. "Hermione?" Harry's voice pulled her from the nightmare. She opened her eyes and saw Harry looking down at her, concerned. "You were crying." "I had a bad dream." Hermione stated. She tried to sit up but felt extremely dizzy. "What happened?" "Pansy knocked you out in your Potion's class. You don't remember? You are in the infirmary because you didn't wake up right away. I was worried so I stayed here." Harry quickly hugged Hermione. She was glad she had Harry as a friend. Harry and Hermione's attention moved to a figure standing in the doorway. Both of them were shocked to see Draco standing there. It was only then Hermione noticed the rest of the infirmary was empty. "Malfoy." Harry acknowledged him coldly. Hermione could see Harry had a hand on his wand. "Potter. I'm not here to start trouble. Can I speak with Granger...alone?" Draco asked as he took his wand out and placed it on small table next to the entrance of the infirmary. "It's important." "Absolutely no…" Harry started. "Yes." Hermione interrupted. "I'll be fine, Harry." "I'll be waiting in the hall if you need me." Harry hesitated before walking out. "I'm sorry." Draco stated as soon as Harry was out of the room. "I don't know why Pansy did that." "Really? I know why...its because she's a pure-blooded bitch." It surprised Hermione how much she hated Pansy. "I should have stopped it." "You should have," Hermione agreed. "But that would involve you not being a coward. And we all know that is a Slytherin's best attribute. You can't help what you are." Draco looked taken aback by Hermione's fiery words. "We snuck around for months, Draco. You still couldn't stand up for me in fear of damaging your reputation. And here I thought you loved me...silly me." "Coming here was a mistake." Draco walked toward the door to leave. "The only mistake I see is standing in front of me." The next day, Hermione sat through a Pansy-less Potions class, eagerly awaiting the end