Disclaimer- I don't own Harry Potter. Nor am I making any profit from this story. "Speaking" Thoughts 'Telepathy' " Spells " " Foreign Languages" §Parseltongue§ Life was weird at times, very weird and chaotic. That was something that fifteen year old Harry James Potter could tell you. Adding magic to life just amplified it many times. So many things had happened to him since he was little. Weird things always happened around him and he was blamed for it by his muggle relatives. When he was eleven he had received an invitation to a school for magic. Honest to god MAGIC! The one thing his relatives had always swore didn't exist. At least he now knew why they hated him. He hadn't expected that at the end of the year he would end up facing his parents murderer and saving a highly prized magical stone that granted immortality and riches beyond man's dreams. Second year he battled another version of Voldemort and fought and killed a basilisk after finding out he was a Parselmouth. Third year an insane wizard had escaped from Azkaban supposedly to finish Harry off. In the end Harry discovered that wizard was innocent having been framed, his godfather and not out to kill him. Harry had both time traveled and banished over a hundred Dementors from the school grounds that same night. When he was fourteen he had been entered into a deadly Tournament to fight his way through the three tasks. In the third task he found himself kidnapped, a fellow student killed and himself used in a ritual to revive Voldemort. It was only through luck and the incompetence of his enemies that he escaped. The Minister had denied his return and had all but broke with Dumbledore. Harry had been banished back to his muggle relatives and this led to this night. Here he was now fifteen years old facing off against a pair of Dementors after his cousin had knocked him around a bit. " Expecto – Expecto Patro – " Harry's head gave a heavy throb throwing off his concentration. He despaired as his wand was knocked from his hand before he was seized by surprisingly strong arms. Harry struggled as the mouth of the Dementor came closer to him. He screamed as his the pain in his mind spiked, there was a wrenching sensation before darkness consumed him. Salazar Ezekiel Slytherin. Some of Prium Slytherin and Magdalena Slytherin nee Peverell. Eldest child of four. Half-blood wizard born to Half-blood father and Pureblood mother. Founder of Hogwarts. Husband of two and father of ten. Reviled. Dark Wizard. Evil. Dark Lord. Salazar scowled as he awoke in the body of a fifteen year old wizard over six centuries after he had died. Time had distorted his history and that of the other Founders greatly. Twisted them into a mockery of themselves. His House was now the House of Evil and Godric's was known as Light and Noble. Rowena's House was now the House of Nerds and Snobs and Helga's the House of Leftovers and Nobodies. Honestly by modern terms each and every one of his fellows and himself would be called dark wizards and witches. Most modern witches and wizards would never understand the things they had done. Never understand the necessity of their actions. They did not know the life of struggle they lived in the past. They were safely hidden from muggles and had a government to try and protect them. Salazar shook his head at the foolishness of the future. Of what had become of the Wizarding World. The damned Purebloods were destroying the Wizarding World. Stagnation and corruption was seeping into every corner of their society. They advocated the removal or sometimes outright death of the New Bloods. He himself had a burning hatred of muggles and had his own issues with the New Bloods but it had largely been blown out of proportion. Salazar felt that his hatred of muggles was justified. He had only been twenty-two when he returned from Rome with his father to find their home on fire. They had found his twelve year old brother Octavius naked upon their lawn. It was clear even from a distance that he had been tortured. His sweet little brother who loved listening to Salazar's tales or gazing in awe at the magic he he willed upon the world. Octavius had been beaten savagely, strangled, emasculated, defecated upon and gutted. His mother and younger sisters, ages eleven and seven, had been kidnapped from their home. It was in the woodlands nearby their home that his father and he had found the remains of their family burned and left to rot in burned out pyres. Salazar's fists clenched in remembered rage and pain. Witches and wizards didn't have the Flame-Freezing Charm back then to keep them safe and their wands had obviously been confiscated. It was only when they moved them to be buried that they had found out all three had been violated before they were killed. Salazar and his father had roared out their hatred, anger and pain before they tracked down the perpetrators. His father and Salazar had tracked them to a nearby village. To their fury those responsible were not only muggles but also wizards who had wanted what the Slytherin family had. His father and he had not made their end easy or painless. They had slaughtered the entire village along with their livestock before they burned the village to the ground. They had cursed the ground to never grow fertile crops again, and that any structure built upon the land would decay quicker than natural and at the worst time. That wasn't the last time muggles had attacked those that Salazar loved but it was the most heart-wrenching. His father and he had returned to their ruined home and buried the family beneath their blood warded family cemetery. They had gathered what riches and property they still had and had traveled to the keep of Salazar's uncle, Efelstan in modern day Scotland. There he continued his studies both magic and martial before leaving to travel the world. Salazar had met the man and a woman who would help him forever change the shape of the future of wizard kind in 987 and 989 respectively. Godric of the Hollow, as he was known then, was twenty-seven when they met to Salazar thirty-two. Godric was a half-blood born in what would become known as Godric's Hallow. His father Alferic was a local Lord and his mother a pureblood witch. It wasn't until later that Godric had taken up the name Gryffindor when he slew a monstrous griffin that was terrorizing a village. The red haired bearded man was a monster of a wizard, both taller than Salazar's own considerable height of six feet and, to borrow a modern phrase, built like a brick shithouse. He was a monster with a sword and a wand. Godric was loyal, courageous and would do almost anything for a friend. He also didn't always think things through, was stubborn, brash and loved to fight so much that it often got him into trouble. Salazar couldn't even begin to count the number of brawls and duels the two had participated in because of Godric's brashness. The woman he had met was Rowena Ravenclaw. A half-blood daughter of New Blood noble father and half-blood mother. It was quickly apparent that Rowena had a vast potential in both intelligence and magic. She had refused her betrothal to a muggle nobleman and had fled the castle when she was nineteen. It was then that Salazar and Godric met her. The three of them had met Helga in 992. Helga was a half-blood witch. Her parents had been from the Northlands, or Scandinavia as it was known now. They had been farmers who moved to Wales to start a new life. They were killed in a raid when Helga was thirteen leaving her with little magical knowledge but that of Runes and a few cantrips. Helga escaped from the attackers and was later found by a witch named Griselda who made her livelihood as a healer. It was Griselda that had taught Helga to read and write. She also taught her to identify and gather herbs, plants, liquids and animal products. She taught her how to brew and make healing potions and poultices and other concoctions. It was while with her that Helga found she had a unique bond with animals. She was able to understand them and make herself understood to them. For the next five years they traveled learning together and planning their future. It was during these travels that Salazar had met his first wife Marla, a fierce and proud witch from Greece. Marla had had long hair the color of amber and eyes as blue as the sea. She had wicked temper but could also be the sweetest woman you had ever met. She had been the great love of Salazar's life. Salazar's first born son Thalon had been born in 995 before he was swiftly followed by his sister Elizabeta a year and a half later. It had become clear in their travels that magical people were in danger and a large portion of the population knew little of magic. They were a danger to themselves and others. Salazar had called together a meeting of the Council of Wizards, a collection of Noble witches and wizards who ruled over those of lesser blood. There he and his friends had argued and gained support to build a school where they could gather magical children together. A school where many students could learn from Masters in safety. To help bring a new stability to their country. They used land left to Salazar by his Uncle Efelstan. They had originally planned to use the keep of his Uncle but quickly found it was too small. Instead they decided to build an entirely new castle while teaching classes in the keep. They begun the construction of Hogwarts in the year 997 with the help of the dwarves and took them nearly seven years. Salazar and his friends had gone on to expand the lake nearby, stocking it with fish for food and even a squid Godric had discovered somewhere and befriended. A colony of merpeople had been allowed to make their own settlement in the lake in exchange for helping to catch food for the school. The four of them had also expanded the forest next to the school. They had made the forest into a safe haven for magical creatures with Helga's help alongside several druids. The creatures would have a safe place to live and they would be able to gather ingredients from them for potions, wands and artifacts. Salazar had even brokered a treaty with two clans of centaurs to be allowed to live in the forest in peace in return for them gathering game, herbs, potion ingredients and defending the future students. Masters from around the country and those near flocked to the school to share their knowledge and to learn from each other. A village, Helga later named Hogsmeade, sprung up near the school as they offered safety through power and wards. The village enjoyed their protection while the school would be provided for by farms in the village. It had provided witches and wizards a safe place to live and barter and to learn about what the Founders were trying to accomplish. The village boomed over the years as magical families moved to the area to allow their children to more easily reach the school. Salazar had built his Chamber of Secrets, named so by his daughter Elizabeta, to hold his most secret research away from the students and as home for the basilisk, Seleia, that he had bred as an experiment. He had bred her not only for the ingredients he could get from her body but also as protection for the school from any