Disclaimer- I don't own Dragon Age Origins nor am I making any profit from this story. Summary: Arthus Morthos is used to traveling the land and having no responsibility to anyone but himself. He didn't expect to get tangled up with a Grey Warden Commander or that he would join them. "Speaking" Thoughts " Foreign Languages" " Demon Speaking" *Break* Arthus Morthos moved swiftly and silently through the forest. He was making his way towards Castron, a small city, roughly a hundred miles from Highever for a tournament. While there were sections only open for nobles or knights to compete in they did have sections for commoners. He planned to enter and hopefully win the first place prize of ten sovereigns in both archery and sword fighting. At the moment he had made camp and was hunting a large stag. In his left hand he held his mother's longbow with an arrow unnotched. Carefully pushing aside some bushes he spied his quarry standing several yards from him. Loosing the arrow he watched as it arced towards the stag and hit it with a solid thud. It ran a few more meters before slowing and finally dropping to the ground. Sighing he bounded over towards the wounded animal which keened as it rocked on the ground. Pulling out his large hunting knife he swiftly stabbed it in the heart to ease it's suffering. Pulling the knife out he cleaned it on the grass before he heaved the carcass onto his left shoulder with a bit of effort. A happy growling bark greeted him as he stepped into his camp. Standing in front of him was his faithful companion Goren. As a half-wolf half-mabari he was a large hound, easily reaching a half a foot above Arthus' waist with his head a foot higher. His head was shaped more like his wolf parent with an longer snout and golden eyes, His black fur was long and decidedly thicker than a full-blooded mabari's as well. Arthus had found him caught in a of bear trap while he had been hunting in the woods near Redcliffe. Goren had been just a pup then but still good sized but he had become sick with infection indicating he had been in the trap for a while. Arthus had carefully nursed him back to health and had traveled the rest of the way to Redcliffe. After resupplying Goren had decided to stay with him since none had claimed seeing him before. Eventually the hound imprinted on him making them even closer companions. "We're going to eat well tonight Goren." Arthus told Goren as he laid the stag down to start a fire. Goren's tail wagged back and forth, stirring up dried leaves. As he was putting some of the meat on the fire Arthus carefully seasoned it before starting on some of the other meat. Some of the meat he would dry out for himself and Goren to make jerky for the road. He would take the pelt, hooves, antlers and the rest of the meat with him to sell in the next town. Along with some of the other items he had to sell he figured he would be in for some good coin. Goren whined bringing Arthus' attention to him. "Here moocher." Arthus said rolling his eyes and tossing Goren a bit of meat which the hound quickly snatched out of the air. Later that evening he lay back against Goren's warmth as the fire crackled next to them, smoking some cherry tobacco in his small pipe. It was a luxury he enjoyed on occasion while he watched the stars twinkling in the sky. Katerina. He thought wistfully as he closed his eyes. Perhaps he would dream of her that night. *Break* After a quick breakfast the next day and dousing his fire Arthus packed up his camp before checking and gathering his traps. He was happy that the game was so plentiful in this region. His traps had caught three large brown hares in the night. Arthus grinned; more money for him. Gathering the last of his items into his packs he set off towards Castron. Arthus pulled back the reins to slow his horse, Porthos, as he came upon Castron. Goren similarly slowed next to him. A long line of people were slowly making their way inside. "Is something wrong?" Arthus asked a guard. "Rumor has it darkspawn are gathering down south. The king is supposedly heading down to head them off. Got mages, Templars, and Gray Wardens even." The guard replied while eying Goren nervously. "Security is being increased everywhere since they think it might be a Blight." Arthus' brows rose in surprise. He had heard rumors of dark creatures roaming the forests but nothing substantial. He certainly hadn't heard anything about darkspawn or a Blight. It had been centuries since the last one. "Is the Tournament still being held?" Arthus asked. "Of course." The guard answered. "The officials aren't going to call off this money maker just because of darkspawn. Thinking of entering?" Arthus nodded. "I am." Arthus said. "Figured I'd try my hand at it this year." The guard nodded. "Should be a good turn out." He said. "Good luck." "Be on your way." The other guard said. Arthus nodded before urging Porthos forward. "Good day." Arthus said. *Break* Arthus almost sneered as he caught sight of the men following him. They obviously thought they were being stealthy. His blood pumped faster as the group of five moved to surround him. He could smell the ale on them. Clearly they had been drinking heavily. "May I ask what you want?" Arthus demanded. "Well well it almost looks like a knife ear." One of the men jeered. His face was unshaved, his blond hair messy and his gray eyes clouded. "No this is the one who beat Rickard at Archery in the Tournament." Another, with black hair and brown eyes, said. He wore obviously finer clothes than the others. He must be the relative of a local official. Arthus thought. "Shouldn't be coming around here trying to steal our money." The man sneered. "Well it is a Tournament, it's meant to be won." Arthus commented dryly. He allowed his sword to scrape against it's scabbard, thinking that the sound might drive them off. It did make a couple nervous but they were too stupid, or drunk, to run. "I think we'll take your nice things and all your money." The man with the fine clothes said, holding out his hand while pulling out a dagger. "Hand it over and we won't make you suffer." Arthus answered by kicking the man's knee causing it to bend in the other direction with a nasty crunch. The man collapsed to his knees with a scream of pain. Arthus' steel knuckled leather gloves caught him in the jaw, breaking it and putting him down in the mud. Stepping to the right he allowed one of his attackers to run passed him while sticking out his foot to trip him. The tall, wide shouldered man fell face first into the mud, losing his grip on the blade in his hand. With a grunt the man forced himself to his knees and reacquired his blade before lashing out at Arthus. Arthus leaned back before slashing his sword downwards, cutting the man deeply from left shoulder to right hip before he kicked him in the head. "Holy Maker!" One of the others exclaimed. "He took out Thraxas!" Arthus was on him before he could say anything else. A punch to the throat destroyed the other man's voice box painfully causing him to begin choking. A dagger to the side quickly his head swiftly sent him into unconsciousness. One man tried to run only for Arthus to catch him in the both knees with an arrow. A grunt behind him warned him to dodge to the side missing taking a dagger in his back from the rich man. Scowling Arthus took his hand off at the wrist. "Argh!" The man's scream was muffled by his broken jaw as he clutched his bleeding stump. A whistle was heard from behind. Arthus whirled around and cursed. Guards were coming up on the scene. "Put down your weapons!" The guard yelled. Arthus grudgingly sheathed his sword and dagger. *Break* "Arthus Morthos you stand accused of assaulting five men after curfew two night ago." The judge said. "One of them the nephew of a local Magistrate. How do you plead?" "I was defending myself." Arthus said shrugging as best he could while wearing shackles on his wrist and ankles. "They tried to rob and kill me. I did them in before they could do me." Arthus watched as several of the panel people exchanged looks as caught the judge looking at a man dressed in finery. The man shook his head minutely and the judge frowned before turning back to face Arthus. "Never the less." The judge spoke. "The assault of five citizens within the walls of our city cannot be ignored. You are hereby sentenced to ten years in prison." "If I might your honor?" A man stood up. He wore a white robe over finely engraved silverite armor with the emblem of a griffin reared up on it's back legs on the pauldrons. Arthus could see the hilt of both a sword and dagger over the man's shoulders. He moved with the grace of a powerful fighter and his dark eyes were hard. "Yes?" The judge asked irritably. "I am Duncan, the Ferelden Gray Warden Commander. It is my right as a Grey Warden to pursue the Right of Conscription. More than ever Grey Wardens are needed in Ferelden." Duncan spoke gravely. "If this man is to be jailed for so long he can surely do Ferelden a better service as a Grey Warden than as a drain on your city's coffers." The Judge shared a quick whispered conversation with his aides before banging his gavel against his desk. "Very well." The Judge said grudgingly. "The accused is to be released into the custody of the Warden Commander. Have him out of the city by noon tomorrow." "Of course, thank you." Duncan nodded while the shackles were removed from Arthus' wrists allowing him to rub them to try and restore feeling. *Break* "Thanks for that back there. I could tell that they weren't going to let me off even before I answered in my defense. Politics and all." Arthus said as he put on his leather armor before carefully adjusting his belt, absentmindedly checking to see if his money was all still there. To his surprise it was, including his prize money. He threw his green Elven cloak on before sheathing his bow and quiver of arrows over it. "Ah that's better." "You might not thank when you see what lies ahead." Duncan smiled humorlessly. "Your perception serves you well however." Arthus nodded. "I watched you in the Tournament and your fight last night." Duncan told him. "You were quite impressive. You had the men down before I could intervene. Even before then I had thought to try and recruit you." Arthus chortled. "Then I guess it's good I did get in trouble." He commented dryly. "You've got another guaranteed recruit now." Duncan gave a brief chuckle himself. "You're not angry about being recruited?" He queried. Arthus shook his head. "Not really." Arthus told him. "I've been in some bad scrapes before. Besides if there truly is a Blight it needs to be fought. It is better to die for something than to live for nothing." "Indeed." Duncan said respect coloring his tone. "Where will we be headed?" Arthus asked. "Our first stop will be Highever ruled over by Teyrn and Teyrna Bryce and Eleanor Cousland." Duncan answered. "There is a promising recruit there I wish to see there." Arthus nodded as he tightened the straps of his saddle. Arthus let out two quick whistles causing Goren to run up to