Title: Dancing in the Dark Main Pairing: Artemis(Fem!Harry)/Severus Snape Others: Neville/Theo, Draco/Ron, Blaise/Hermione Warnings: Het, slash, kinks, student/teacher pairings, underage, Daddy!Kink, time skips, plot twists, OOCs, bashing, and any others I can think of. Bashing: Molly, Ginny, Percy, Albus, Hagrid, Pansy. Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter franchise. It belongs to their creators. However; the idea of Artemis is mine though the concept of a female version of Harry Potter is not mine. Summary: Everyone thought that the Potters birthed a baby boy by the name of Harry James Potter on July 31, 1980; instead, on September 1, 1991 a young girl steps up to get sorted. Her name Artemis Jane Potter… Wait… Why doesn't she have Lily's eyes?! "Girl! Get your lazy ass up and cook my Dudders his breakfast!" The shrill voice pierced through her dreams of escape as it shocked the young girl awake. The small girl sat up carefully in her cupboard under the stairs as she answered the shrill voice with her own soft small voice. She learned quickly growing up in the household that she wasn't to speak loudly in case someone outside could hear her. She quickly made her small cot before knocking twice on the door. She blinked a few times to get her eyes to adjust to the bright lights of the hallway. She looked up with her now focused eyes to see her Aunt. Petunia Dursley was the exact opposite of her first name. As a flower that was delicate and beautiful she was a stick figured and horse faced. Today her Aunt wore a salmon colored dress that made the red in her cheeks stand out even more making her look sickly. Her Aunt was average height for an English woman with thin brown hair and blue eyes. "Well what are you looking at girl?! Go and make breakfast! Today is my Duddy-kin's special day and I will not have it ruined by the likes of you!" Petunia shrilled as she slapped the back of the young girls head. Oh yeah. Today's Dudley's eleventh birthday. She ignored the slight pain from the slap as she made her way to the kitchen. She pushed a foot stool to the kitchen sink before climbing onto it. She let out a soft sigh as she pulled her hair up with the rubber band her Aunt always had out for her every day. The woman didn't want a single hair in her Duddy-kin's food; especially from the freak. She washed her hands quickly before moving the stool in front of the fridge then made her way to the fridge to get what she needed for breakfast. She pulled out eggs, cheese, bacon, bell peppers, butter, sausage, ham, and milk. She grabbed the bread from the counter and the potatoes from the pantry before setting the bacon in the pans that were already out for her to use. As the bacon sizzled softly in the pan she peeled the potatoes before shredding them to make hash browns. She glanced over at all the presents in the corner with slight envy. There was a total of thirty-six. Two more than last year while all she got was a sweat soaked and holey sock with a hanger. She shook her head and pulled the perfectly cooked bacon out of the pan before making the eggs. She made scrambled eggs, omelets, fried eggs, and poached eggs while she also made toast to be covered in butter, marmalade, jam, or to be eaten plain. She grabbed the few good oranges left and quickly squeezed them to make orange juice. She went back to the fridge to grab the milk before grabbing glasses and turned on the coffee pot. She got down the last fork and stepped to the side just in time for her fat ass of a cousin and Uncle to storm into the kitchen and sit down at the table making the chairs underneath them creak. Her aunt came in a few moments after them and sat down across from her son. "Mummy! Can I open my presents first?!" Dudley asked as he looked up at her with his piggy little eyes. Dudley was portly and his clothes couldn't quite fit him right. Petunia already had to specially order his clothes, but then it was the girl's job to alter them so they fit right. His blond hair was plastered to his head with sweat as his blue eyes looked around at the food as if to decide what to consume first. "Eat breakfast first honey," Petunia said as she didn't want her perfect little Dinky Diddy-dums to shrivel up from not eating his food. She placed her napkin in her lap in an imitation of being fancy as she grabbed her only two slices of toast and took small bites out of them. That's all she ate for the morning until lunch rolled around and she ate a slice of fruit. She was keeping her figure as she put it. For dinner, she ate a whole meal as long as it was non-fat foods for her. Vernon Dursley, whom was stuffing his mouth as much as he could, was a very large man. Easily ten times the size of the small girl in the corner. He reminded her of a small baby whale while his son reminded her of a pig and his wife; a horse. Vernon had the same blond hair as his son, but he had plain brown eyes to match his plain mustache. "Girl! Your chore list on your door. Go get it and get started!" He yelled at her before throwing his extra fork at her. She scrambled away from them as she heard her cousin laughing at her. She walked over to her cupboard and grabbed the long sheet of paper tapped on it. She looked over it and sighed as it contained her usual shores plus a few more. She saw the usual dust, vacuum, sweep, mop, clean the dishes, polish the silver, clean Dudley's room, clean the bathroom, mow the lawn, and weed the garden, but she also read the extra chores of paint the fence, clean the outside of the house, trim the hedges, and power wash the driveway. She closed her eyes and sighed before the noise at the front door made her look up to see the mail coming through. She walked over and picked them up and idly looked through them before making it to the kitchen door. "Uncle, mails here," she said softly before setting them down beside his plate and walking out of the room. She glanced back when she heard Dudley exclaim about his presents and how he wanted more. She heard Petunia placate him before she heard the phone ring. She grabbed the dusting products from her cupboard before starting to clean. She heard Petunia talk on the phone before the tones of her and her uncle's whispering reached her ears. She heard Dudley start to cry and wondered what had happened. "GIRL!" Her Uncle bellowed making her jump before she dropped her cleaning supplies and made her way quickly to the kitchen. "Yes uncle?" She asked softly was she bowed her head in subservience. "Ms. Figg can't watch you today while we celebrate Dudley's birthday at the Zoo. We can't get anyone else to watch you so you'll be coming with us, but if you step one toe out of line it's a whipping with the belt before being locked up for a week with no food. Got it?" Her uncle threatened her as he wagged his sausage like finger in front of her. She quickly nodded and held in a smile as she hurried to clean up the breakfast mess. Petunia held out a small bag to her after she was finished and told her to get changed, "I won't have anyone seeing us in public with someone that looks like a heathen." She couldn't believe her luck as she thanked her Aunt and quickly changed clothes in her cupboard. The clothes were worn and a little scratchy, but they were the best clothes she's had since ever. At the bottom of the bag was even a pair of worn black flats to go along with the knee length blue skirt and white blouse. She walked out of the cupboard the to the front door where Vernon stood waiting for her. She gulped softly as she saw a look in his eyes that she couldn't quite place, but it frightened her. She quickly got in the car and buckled up as she kept silent as Dudley poked her repeatedly with his fat finger. She overheard that they were meeting Dudley's friend Piers at the Zoo. She kept the happiness she felt inside as she saw the gates to the Zoo getting closer as they drove to a reserved parking space. She nodded quickly as her Uncle hissed the same thing he told her at the house. She got out of the car and walked behind the family of three as they made their way inside. She saw big cats, bears, monkeys, gorillas, koalas, giraffes, and even a fox. This was the happiest she had even been in her life by far. She had even gotten a lemon popsicle when Petunia bought it for Dudley, but he didn't want it. He wanted the chocolate one. She savored the treat and threw the stick and napkin away before they made their way into the reptile and amphibian home. She smiled as she saw lizards, spiders, frogs, and toads. She never knew they came in so many colors. She got excited as she made her way to the snakes. She always loved the long reptiles. She even learned that she could speak to them from a small garden snake that slithered into the bushes when she was younger. She held in a gasp as she saw the largest snake she had ever seen. It's scales where a beautiful brown copper color that shown many shades of oranges and reds. It had a triangular head and piercing amber eyes. She walked up to the glass and read the small plaque. Inland Taipan. She looked up to look at the snake only to see that the snake had risen and was eye level with her. The only protection she had was the two-inch piece of glass between them. "Hi," she said softly and to her amazement the snake heard her through the glass and nodded its head. She smiled and kept her amazed gaze on the snake. Suddenly the snake's head snapped to the side and all she felt was pain on her side before she met the ground. She looked up and saw her cousin staring at the snake and yelling for his dad to come see. She sent a glare at her cousin's back and without knowing what she had done her cousin was suddenly in the snake's cage and the snake was slithering towards her. She froze in fear as the glass reappeared trapping her cousin in the cage. The snake slithered up her legs and wrapped itself around her body in a mock imitation of a hug. She sniffled softly as she heard the soft hisses in her ear. "Calm hatchling. I'll protect you now," it said before slithering under her clothes before the zoo staff could see it. She looked up only to see her Uncle's face turning red and glaring at her. She barely remembered what had happened after that as it was all a blur for her. She remembered her uncle yelling at her in the car before he backhanded her at a red light. Her head had banged against the glass and her vision became even more blurry. She recalled her Uncle dragging her from the car and the snake becoming agitate. She had hissed something to the snake making it calm down before she was thrown to the floor in the hall.