Eden awaits until bridges are mended. In the confines of his closet-bedroom, Edward Masen drops on his knees and prays for forgiveness that never arrives. His throat parched and burns with internal flame of hunger. Saliva relieves none of the agony spreading to his body. When day breaks into the high gothic windows of his room, Edward stands to his feet and washes himself in the Italian waters. Mouldy mirror reflects golden irises now coal black. Dark rings lining beneath sharp eyes. The door behind him opens, Aro descends into his meagre room, ruby eyes studying his bare room. His thoughts, are no longer in English or any hint of modern language, resonates in Edward's mind. Just wisps of a language dead before any of the Cullens were even born. "I do hope you will add your touch to this room, Edward," Aro sings, lips parting to a smile. He waves a hand, "Carlisle left his with his crosses and medical texts. He already made this place his in the matter of months. And you've been here for only a fraction of his." Edward folds his hands together, gold eyes cast demurely on the weathered granite walls. "Yes, Master Aro." "Look at me, dear boy," Aro commands, his smile is toothy and eyes harden with flighty concern. Edward obeys his master's command, hesitation absent from his body. Aro holds Edward's chin in between his translucent fingers, inspecting his face. Lips cracking a wide grin. "Starving yourself for penance is not the way of our people. You must hunt, satiate that pain," Aro clicks his tongue together, like a mentor would to admonish a foolish child. "Ksenia will lead you to Demetri." Edward doesn't question the order he's given. Little flaming fingers scratching against her throat. Her thirst creeping into her mind, clouding her sight with imaginary red. She rubs her ink-stained fingers against her neck. The relief she seeks remains elusive. Marcus—her Master, it still feel strange to address the man in all reverence—spares her an inquiring glance with garnet eyes all lazed. "What is it that bothers you, dear child?" Irina shakes her golden-hair into a dance of denial. Lips curling to hold a smile. Hopes her voice doesn't crack as air leaves her mouth. "Nothing, Master." He dictates of the memories he shared with his dearest Didyme. Wishes of immortalising her in all forms, written, drawn and sung, seeps into the ancient vampire's study. Reminding Irina of impossible second chances and her own sorrows of losing her sisters—her Laurent. Part of her envies Marcus. For the blissful years he had with Didyme. That he remembers everything and forgets nothing of their dimmed coupling. But mostly Irina pities him. That he's trapped in a cage of painful memories and unattainable death. Laurent's demise sores her being, but not enough to leave her an empty shell. Irina catches all the likeness of the woman who died and held her master's fragile glass heart in her delicate ghostly fingers. Usually, that is if her concentration isn't marred by her thirst. The feather quill trembles underneath her fingertips, snaps and rolls across the scroll. Leaving a jagged trail of soot ink across the sixteen thousandth poem. "When was your last feeding, Irina?" Her name rolls out from his lips, all foreign and raspy. Irina flinches on reflex, effervescent of fear waiting to erupt for all her mistakes she accidentally committed. "A few weeks ago, master." "Then you should feed. Quench the thirst," he says, finality rings faintly in his lifeless tone. Her mind forms a careless reply, cracked lips murmuring, "I must decline the offer." She runs a finger down her throat—up, down, up, down—to still, to scratch the flaring agony now engulfing her senses. She hopes Marcus has lost himself too deep to his sorrows, that his garnet eyes never meeting her obsidian black irises. "Oh? You will not feed on humans," his voice echoes against the dust-painted walls. A slender finger beckons his personal guard, Laura, who steps out from the shadows. "Laura, bring our dear Irina to Felix, please." Irina learns not to protest. He's not Alice, a seer with erratic prophetic visions. But years of unfiltered and foreign thoughts invading his own mind hones Edward into a man with a foresight into predictability of mankind's actions. Mind reading is not Sight. That's Edward Cullen's first mistake. A lifetime of reading people's thoughts do not make up for Sight. Aro is a man with whimsical ideas of punishment. He strikes balance between cruel streaks of Caius and Marcus' torturous mind. Edward foresaw none of this when he stood in front of the Volturi triumvirate leaders, begged for an end to a lifetime of misery without his Bella. Edward did not think the pale strange ancient immortal is dangerous, for all the thoughts Edward heard and with his family, in the snow-crusted ground, Edward did not fear Aro. That's Edward Cullen's second and fatal mistake. The Volturi is anything, if not persistent and their punishments are always warranted. Forever is never forever in a vampire's vocabulary. They came with their witnesses and laws. They struck his coven without remorse or hesitations. They left him with so many titles Edward didn't want. A second-time orphan. A widower. A brother without siblings. A father without his daughter. But they didn't leave him with his freedom intact. Edward Cullen—last of the Cullens' —is reborn once again, Edward Masen. And Edward Masen is under the Volturi's service. When gold eyes met golden ones in the sacred hall where the triumvirate convened, Edward Cullen screamed, "Murderer! You filthy traitor!" Irina barely flinched. Instead she stood there, flanked by other lesser guards. Impassive Irina. Edward bared his teeth to sink into slender granite neck, hurled himself at the golden-haired immortal. Felix restrained him, by slamming him against the thick Roman columns. Edward escaped from the Roman's clutches, lunged for Irina—Aro's voice lingers only briefly, "Jane." Edward fell to his knees, hands merely inches away from his face—and pain burnt him, swallowed him inside bubbles made of fire and the twisting agony into his muscles. Caius hissed, "He's a liability, Aro. I can accept Irina because Marcus requested her. Him," and pointed at accusing finger at Edward, "His coven tried to destroy us, with their werewolves." "I'm most certain that you'll think of a great use of the Cullen's talent," Aro replied, waved a hand at Caius. His ruby eyes set on Edward and his lips twisting into a childish pout. "I don't like to resort to such extreme actions, Edward. If you can't calm down, I'm afraid Jane will have a joyous day to reinforce some discipline into you." Edward didn't act on his impulse once he's released from Jane's gift. He's rigid, as though boa constrictor coiled itself around his body and not unleashing him to his wild anger. Irina stood in front of him, her porcelain face free of any emotions. Her thoughts, English and scornful of him, of his family. (He'll get his revenge one day.) Now these days, Edward doesn't talk to the flaxen-haired traitor. Instead he nurses the festering hatred within his venomous veins. She was a false witness. The law says she's to be put to death. So, why is she still walking, under Volterra's sun, its moon and its skies? He doesn't say the words churning in his mind, during a private audience with Aro. Aro sees it all. His master dismissed his concern as if it's a matter of choosing the right wallpaper. "I'm afraid that Irina is too valuable to my brother's well-being. Laura can only do so much, but she's still a guard at the end of the day." "Irina here is much under the Volturi's protection as you are," Aro says, voice soft and feathery and a smile so nectarine sweet, "We do not attack one of our own, unprovoked and unwarranted. If Felix could adhere to that rule, then it should not be a problem to you. Isn't that right, dearest Cullen?" Edward nods. "Yes, master." "Good." (It's all the fault of his "cousin" Irina Markova of the Denalis. If only she hadn't succumb to vengeance, he'd still have his wife, his daughter. His family. Laurent is dead. Why can't she let him go and live with her sisters? His family's gone. Irina's to be blame. And Edward Masen will work to destroy Irina Markova no matter how long it takes him. But for now, he plays nice and retains his snarl in his burning throat, lips curling into a strained smile. Hides the claws shaking to hook into the blonde woman's flesh. They have to hunt together after all. The only two golden-eyed immortals in the city of vampires with carnelian eyes.) She's not used to crimson eyes lacked of lust. Or familiar topaz eyes filled with black hate. Yet here she is, surrounded by them. Edward's golden gaze seethes with hot fury. Irina understands the hate—she had a hand in the Cullen coven's utter annihilation under the Volturi's laws and cloaks. Honestly, they deserved it. What was it about revenge, clergymen used to preach to Irina's ignorant ears; dig two graves when one seeks revenge? Irina is not ashes the wind whisks away into the air. She's very much tangible. The Volturi sees that she doesn't escape her dues. Her false accusation is still a crime. Irina hasn't seen her sisters. Hasn't hug Sasha's daughters tight. It's a silver lining in the cloudy mess she trapped herself with. She's a servant (a slave really) to Marcus of Volturi. She is still living another day, keep that hope alive in her somehow. As for Edward, his fate lies in the hands of Aro and his mad mind. The Cullen's pride—holier than thou Edward—is now just another name in a long list of Aro's latest little pets, built of the bones and flesh of gifted guards. Jane isn't fond of Edward. Irina shares the sentiment. He prances around the castle in his dirty grey cloak and Volturi crest fixed to his throat. The last of the Cullens now serves the very same man he called a monster of epic proportions. Somewhere she thinks Carlisle would have rolled in his grave at the fate of his first creation. If only his body isn't particles lost to the air and breeze. "I think a hunt on the North should be fine, don't you think so, Felix?" Demetri whistles, a trace of ancient Greek shines in his accent. "The North. So many AB positives. Yum," Felix retorts, grin broadens. They walk through mazes hidden beneath the alleys of the town. Ahead of Edward and her, Demetri stops short before moss-blanketed gates. "I thought I should warn you anyway," Demetri mentions, lips parting to a sanguine smile and turns to face them, "We're to accompany you two on a hunt. If you ever try to run, I will hunt you." Demetri points his chin at another guard. Her skin chalky with a tinge of olive and wavy dark brown hair hang loosely at her shoulders. She doesn't smile, instead gives them a curt nod. "Phoebe could outrun most of us," he adds, his charming smile remains. Felix's grin is feral and fun all mashed into one. Santiago presses his lips into a thin line, beefy hands clasped behind his back. The implication is not lost on either Edward or Irina. They're encased in barrier made from Volturi guards. "Shall we get going, before sunrise," Felix quips, pushes the gates wide open with a flourish. It isn't a question, but a slight instruction. It's when only Irina left to pass the gates, that Demetri leans into her ear and whispers in flawed rustic Slovakian, "If I were you, I'd be thinking in my native language. That way my thoughts are my own, without an extra listener," ends with a cheeky wink. The freedom Irina tastes only exists if she closes her eyes, stops breathing scents of crystalline fleshes and