Womanflesh "For nothing is evil in the beginning." (Gandalf the Grey at the Council of Elrond, October 25, in the year 3018) The woman approached silently, her head lowered. Long ago she had learned not to look into his terrible eyes. She was not sure if she would be punished if she did, but the chill those eyes put in her heart was punishment enough. "You will take him to the Hall of Steams and clean him up." "Yes, Master." 'Wait a second...' she thought, so wont to submission and taking orders without thinking that even her confusion was slow to arise. "Who...?" Saruman waved his hand in a languid, almost discarding gesture. The creature the White One had referred to stepped forward. Her eyes shot up, and her breath caught. 'One of them ...' She had heard rumors of course, but then the Orcs spread all kinds of gossip. Still... The creature silently bared yellowish teeth, and its cold eyes studied her closely; the gaze arrogant, but also strangely hazy and therefore slightly less frightening. The tip of a wet tongue ran over fangs and full lips. She did not like it one bit. She was used to dealing with Orcs, but this creature was different. Its back was turned to Saruman, but the wizard knew all too well what his creation wished to do. "This manflesh is not for you. You will not harm her. You will obey her. Return to this hall when you are cleaned up." The Istar's last words resounded with badly concealed disgust, but she doubted that his newly bred servant had noticed it. Its unrelenting glare was still fixed on her. It was probably still wondering why it was not allowed to tear a nice, juicy chunk out of her. She shuddered. Bracing herself, she took a deep breath. "Come on then," she said, louder than necessary, "you heard what our master said!" The creature's head swivelled around to face Saruman. The woman almost jumped when she heard the deep growl. She swallowed hard. Reluctantly, she began to move toward the door, already hoping that this uncanny beast would simply choose to stay with its creator. It did not. She heard heavy, yet astoundingly quiet footsteps catch up with hers. Forcing herself not to turn around to look, she was determined not to betray any sign of fear. 'So this is one of the new Uruk-hai breed the Orcs talk about day in, day out. I can very well believe it scares even them. It looks more dangerous than any Orc I have ever seen.' The creature followed her through long hallways and over cold stone stairs, at times moving so close behind her that she could feel hot breath brush her neck. It made her skin crawl, but no harm came to her. The newborn Uruk-hai heeded its orders. Although it occasionally seemed to vent some discontent with soft, growling exhalations, it did not touch the woman. The Haradrim servant of Isengard felt a bit safer now. After all, she was used to dealing with ill-tempered Orcs. By the time they reached the Hall of Steams she had regained most of her composure. She loved this place. It held the only luxury available to her: to bathe in hot water as long as she liked when her chores were done. Orcs never bothered her here, and few human servants competed with her for this beautiful, serene place. It had become her refuge soon after things had started to go awry – when Saruman found out there was little of her wisdom he could use for his own ends. Her magic was one of love and compassion; the manipulation of nature and the bending of its laws had been alien to her people until they had fallen under Sauron's spell, but such knowledge was the only one he sought now. Necheykha had instinctively recoiled from his practices. She had come to Isengard with high hopes; leaving behind a family that had been overjoyed at her acceptance in the Istar's services. Her time as High Priestess had come to its natural end with the birth of her first child, and that she had been granted the honor of studying with a being of such wisdom as Saruman bespoke the favor of the Gods. If only they knew! She was trapped like a helpless animal here; her pleas to be allowed to return to Harad had fallen on deaf ears. The reasons for this cruelty were beyond her comprehension, but the woman had observed her host's transformation into a being of darkness with mute terror and suspected that he still had some use for her, no matter how small or insignificant. Yes, he was a vile user and abuser of creatures and things, and thus Necheykha's thoughts ventured back to the wizard's creation. "You really must be something special that he sends you here," she mused, unaware that she had uttered the words aloud. The creature had almost noiselessly stepped around her and peered into her face now, demanding attention with a ferocious snarl. But this time she was prepared and met the Uruk-hai's arrogant gaze, careful to keep her own expression calm. After all this was herterritory, and there was a task at hand. "Come over here," she said, gesturing to a tub. It was filled with fresh water and steam clouded the surface. A pile of clean rags was laid out on a low stool next to it. 'This is just like Saruman,' she thought. 'Everything has already been planned and prepared.' All the better, so she would not have to spend too much time with his fierce-looking creation. "Step in here!" she commanded, keeping her voice level not to provoke the Uruk-hai's anger. The head turned briefly to the tub, and she heard a sniffing sound. Obviously disinterested, it just blinked lazily and continued to watch her. 'Oooh pleeease!' she sighed inwardly, 'what am I supposed to do now? Wrestle it into the tub? Not an option. Throw something in and hope it will fetch? This will not work...' She chose her words with care. "Look, it is only water. You are... big and strong and do not fear it, do you?" The slime-covered head was cocked, and a snarl that could mean anything escaped the creature's throat. Upon hearing it, her gently gesturing hands fell helpless to her sides. "Can you speak?" she probed while gingerly reaching for one of the rags and dipping it into the steaming water. The Uruk-hai nodded. "What is your name?" "Lurtz." It was a start. Never mind that this Uruk-hai was not very talkative. She had not the faintest clue what was going on in the being's mind. It had the stature of a fully grown man – that of a well-trained, muscular warrior – yet the slime of its unnatural birth clung to its entire body. The loincloth was the only indication that somebody had taken care of it after it had left the breeding pit. It was very young, yet endowed with knowledge. His knowledge. Possibly knowledge vastly beyond that of a former priestess, and certainly of a very different kind. "Look, Lurtz. If you don't want to go in there, that's fine. I will use this rag then to wash you... unless you wish to clean yourself." She held out her hand, hoping the Uruk would take the cloth from her, but it did not. Slowly she reached up, the fabric brushing a solid shoulder. Skin unused to touch twitched in the manner of an animal's shooing away a fly. Again, her breath caught, but the warm and firm body did not budge. She started to work her way down, not daring to venture too close to the Uruk-hai's head. Some of that weird slime still dripped from its face and hair, but nobody would persuade her to come near those murderous teeth. Not even Saruman! Lurtz held perfectly still as she established a rhythm: one stroke down – rinse the cloth, one stroke down – rinse the cloth, one stroke down... The newborn's breath came with a strange purring noise he had started to produce at her first touch, but it was deepening in tone now and sounded calmer. Pleased. The woman relaxed a little bit more with the soothing, repetitive movements, but she never raised her head to look Saruman's creation in the face while being so close to it. Instead, she concentrated on the vast area of solid, muscular flesh before her. Careful not to miss any of it, she proceeded in gentle swipes, growing more confident as Lurtz continued to stand motionless except for the faint tremble of his purr. After she had finished cleansing chest and belly, she hesitated. She could proceed further downward now... or do his back first. 'His back first,' she decided, taking her lowered eyes off the loincloth. For the first time she had actually thought of the young Uruk-hai as a 'he.' And she could not help it but think of him as beautiful. His body was perfectly shaped. Apart from the cruel, feline face, only the odd-looking, leathery black skin and the hard, sharp nails of his large hands gave away that he was not a human male. It had been a long time since she had been close to anyone with such a nice body – warm, strong, and scarlessly smooth. Her ears started to tingle and her cheeks reddened with sudden embarrassment. Could Saruman read her mind? 'Stop thinking like that! This Uruk-hai might be able to smell your excitement, and your task is no longer that of a Haradrim High Priestess. Those days are long gone! Obey your orders, and do not even think about it. Don't get yourself into trouble!' she reprimanded herself sharply. A little bit nervous now, she stroked Lurtz's back, wringing the rinsed rag with gritted teeth. The birth slime exuded a strange smell, almost like eggwhite gone stale. She tried to convince herself that it was disgusting, and that the creature she tended to was disgusting as well. The Uruk remained still as a statue, and his pleased purr seemed to fill the whole room. It was a huge room, but at this very moment it felt as if it consisted only of the creature she was tending to, a bath tub, and her own insignificant presence. A few seconds later she faced another dilemma: her thorough washing had brought the washing cloth near the firm cheeks of Lurtz's backside. Now the rag hung uselessly and dripping in her work-roughened hand. She sighed. Did Saruman actually realize what he had gotten her into? Had he simply assumed that she was so resigned, so devoid of all feeling, that she could do this in an entirely detached manner? Very occasionally he took what he called 'favors' from her, although she would not have used the same words to describe what he did. As much as she hated him and doing him 'favors,' it also meant she was taboo to Isengard's Orcs and Men. This was probably a good thing; yet sometimes she was very lonely. She had known that act to be one of holiness and intimacy, but this was a distant memory now, deeply buried against the pain... With another heartfelt sigh she resumed her work, soon tending to thickly muscled legs and arms. Lurtz never spoke a word, and soon she found her thoughts go idle. At one point she was actually wondering whether he could speak and purr at the same time. If she had dared to look up in his face, she would have noticed that he followed her every movement – quite relaxed for one of his kind, yet with intense interest; his full mouth no longer displaying the sharp fangs, eyes half-lidded, but without the haze she had seen in them earlier. She was just about to finish wiping his left arm when she suddenly felt a small,