Gentlemen and ladies, gods and goddesses , demi-gods- male and female, I hereby point out to you that I am not Rick Riordan. Right Cherie? Cherie; That's right. He is way more awesome than you. Cherie, I do not believe it is good English if you say way more awesome. It sounds like Apollo. And he peeves me, even though he is amusing. Cherie; you are peeves. From Harry Potter. You are that annoying. Pff just stay silent. I do not require your services anymore. Cherie; Whatever. * Walks away* Okay people, now cherie, who I just made up, and I have made clear- or clearer if you are one of those people who need to get new knowledge almost literally pushed inside their skull before they actually have knowledge- I do not own Percy Jackson & the Olympians. Enjoy! Demeter- Third person Demeter sighed. She was at her house, at her kitchen table, eating a bowl of cereal and she wasn't happy. At all. She was frustrated, annoyed and lonely. All the emotions she felt were negative ones. It surprised, and slightly worried, her that even now she was eating cereal, she could not feel the slightest bit of happiness. Even now she had peace, quiet, cereal and no Hades, she couldn't just enjoy herself. Demeter looked at her kitchen table, at all the empty bowls that had been filled with cereal. Glorious, delicious cereal. The only thing that could make her feel better when she was sad, depressed even like this. It was healthy and yet tasty. She loved cereal. I wish there was a man that had the same qualities as cereal. Well, not the tasty part. He should be handsome, not tasty. Why would I want a man that is tasty? Demeter shook her head, annoyed by her own thoughts. She didn't know why, but her thoughts had been drifting to that certain subject a lot lately. That certain subject being men. Maybe it was because Persephone was with Hades- she hated Hades-, but Demeter felt lonely and devoid. She would like it if someone kept her company. And for some reason, she actually wanted that someone to be a man. And was irritated with herself for wanting that. Nonsense. I am perfectly fine on my own. I don't need a man, they only bring your trouble. I might just miss the times Me, Zeus and Persephone had when she was little and he would visit us to spend time with us. He wasn't around often, far from it, but when he was, Persephone loved it. And now she is gone. Demeter tried to think of something else, but she wasn't able to. All she could think about right now, was Persephone. She missed her daughter. Like she always did when she wasn't around to make Demeter happy. Persephone was in the Underworld right now, of course. Hades was permitted to spend time with her this time of the year. And Demeter hated it. She hated Hades, for stealing her little girl. For taking away one of the only things in her life that made her smile. Her family, apart from Persephone, certainly didn't. They only drove her crazy. Her demigod children sometimes made her smile, but Persephone was still her favourite. She was the perfect daughter, sweet, funny, mostly obedient, intelligent.. And Hades was the exact opposite. He was anything except perfect, if you asked her. He was dark, mean, grumphy, an abductor, a weirdo, ruled the Underworld, suspiscious and stupid. Okay, maybe not stupid. Demeter was aware of the fact that he was intelligent, even though she didn't like it that there was anything positive about him. In her eyes, he was a monster. A monster that took her Persephone. There should be nothing positive about him and there isn't. Anything positive is made into something negative in his case. Like his intelligence. He used it to force my sweetheart to eat that pomegrenade! He should be thrown into Tartarus. Or at least honor his mother in law and eat more cereal. Demeter was really annoyed when she realized she was actually wasting time by thinking about that death breath. Distracted, she got up and snapped her fingers. All the bowls were immediately cleaned and dried. She sighed. She really had let herself go. If she had counted correctly, she had eaten thirty-five bowls of cereal in approximately two hours. That really was a lot, especially since they were all god size, so she ate thirty-five gargantuan bowls of cereal in that little time. It wouldn't get her fat, she was a goddess after all, but it was a little extreme. Even for a cereal-lover like her. She walked towards her living room and sat down on the couch while she turned on the TV. Not even looking at the TV, she ate her last bowl of cereal and thought about her daughter again. She couldn't understand Persephone actually liked Hades. She had even asked Demeter if she couldn't be nice to Hades. Pff I could if I wanted to, but he doesn't deserve that. Besides I'm already a lot nicer than I would prefer, considering I would want to scratch his eyes out - so he can't see any pretty women and also not abduct them-, cut his tongue- so I won't have to listen to his complains- and do exactly what Kronos has done to Uranus- hopefully that will not bring another Aphrodite into our world, one is more than enough- , I would cut his remains into pieces while he is still alive and throw this into Tartarus. With a few boxes of cereal, of course. I'm a nice person after all and- what the hell Demeter scowled when she realized she had used Hades home as a swear word- which it was- , because that could bring him here. He had this annoying habit of showing up whenever anyone used his name or his home as swear word. Her scowl deepened when she saw what was on TV. The same thing that had interrupted her happy thoughts about Hades being neuterized and thrown into Tartarus. It was Hepheastus TV and it showed Aphrodite and Ares, caught together again. They were at some lousy pretpark, in some stupid love boat. Making out. Heavenly. And not even noticing they were filmed or heading towards a trap. "Seriously, it's absurd how often those two have intercourse"Demeter said out loud while turning off the sound. "Oh please it isn't. You are just jealous Demi " a sultry voice suddenly said. Demeter groaned when she saw who it was. Aphrodite, goddess of love and being able to annoy Demeter almost as much as Hades. Which was surprising, since Hades made her want to bang her head against a door or other hard object. " What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be in some love boat, being busy with trying to escape?" she said. Aphrodite smiled and sat down next to her. Demeter hated her for a moment when she smiled that smile and looked even prettier. No matter what Aphrodite wore, she was extremely pretty. And it annoyed Demeter. Aphrodite was wearing a knee-length red light blue dress that matched great with her blue eyes and blond hair. She also wore ridiculously high heels, so high Demeter wondered how she even could walk on them. Aphrodite motioned to the TV, that was still on but the sound was off. " This was recorded. It isn't live. So that is why I am here and not there. And I am here, because I need to help you". Demeter smiled grimly. "Great. Get out of my house, where you came uninvited, and leave me alone! Or better yet, get Hades to release my poor Persephone". Aphrodite giggled. " No way. Hades and Persephone are actually cute together. Besides, last time I checked, they were having a great time together". She winked at Demeter. " I wouldn't be surprised if you become grandmother again, the way they are going for it". Demeter put her hand on her stomach, suddenly feeling nauseous. She had a really disturbing picture of her daughter and Hades together., doing that . It was disgusting. "That's disgusting!"Demeter hissed, angry at Aphrodite for telling her. Now she would be scarred for life. She knew they did things like that of course, but she most definitely didn't want to be reminded of it. That was just horrifying. Aphrodite smiled, a sickingly sweet smile. " Now don't be shy darling, I'm sure you have done that too!". Demeter gasped. " I most certainly did not! I would never have intercourse with death breath. I would rather go to Tartarus!". Aphrodite raised one of her eyebrows. " I meant sex in general, not sex with Hades. But funny that you thought I meant you have slept with Hades. Are you thinking that much about him? I mean, he isn't really my type and all, but he is tall, dark and handsome I guess. I could see why you would like him, even if he is a bit creepy". By now, Demeter was ready to cut her wrists, go cry in a corner or bang her head against a door until she fainted. Anything that would keep her thoughts away from her and Hades, both naked and doing that. It was just too horrible. " Oh great. Thank you Aphrodite, now I will probably lose all the cereal I have eaten today. Not only that, I'm probably scarred for the rest of my immortal life!". Aphrodite rolled her eyes. " That is not fair! Okay Hades is creepy and I get you are mad because he abducted your daughter, but he is hot! People don't really notice, but he looks good". " Aphrodite! He isn't hot, like you put it. Besides, he is mean, annoying, infuriating, doesn't like cereal, has abducted Persephone, doesn't have respect for me at all and he is my brother! Do you know how weird it would be if I did things like that with him?". Aphrodite shrugged. "No. I don't think I have ever slept with a brother before. But you should ask Zeus and Hera if you want to know. They are brother and sister". "Yes, and their marriage is a disaster. They destroy each other's life!". Aphrodite rolled her eyes. " I don't think that has anything to do with that they are siblings, more with the fact that Hera is so annoying". " You mean with the fact Zeus cheats so much. Like you!". Aphrodite gasped. She looked really offended. "He! I never wanted to marry Hepheastus! I don't want to marry in the first place! Can you believe Zeus expected only one person to admire my beauty. That is like soooo cruel! The world should get the chance to admire my perfection!". Demeter rolled her eyes. The woman was even worse that narcissus, at times. Like now. Only thinking of herself, not others. Sometimes she wondered if Aphrodite was in love with herself. She did have a tendency to fall in love with almost every handsome person. " That is not a reason to cheat! Hepheastus didn't ask for someone like you as wife either!". "He! What do you mean with that?". " Someone who cheats more than.. more than Zeus!". " Pff. So what. Hepheastus is ugly. Like I would ever stay like someone like that". " You wouldn't stay with anyone! You sleep with practically everyone!". "I don't! I have some rules you know". " Like what? Let the guy pays for everything and pay him by sleeping with him? You are like a prostitute!". Aphrodite gasped, now really offended. Demeter got say she was actually tearing up a bit. She sighed. " Did that offended you?". "Of course it did!Why would you think it didn't?" " Well, I don't know, considering you are also the goddess of lust, I thought you didn't think prostitutes are something