All right. This story will be Percathena. Percy will be in a relationship with Annabeth though. I'm not sure yet what exactly will happen, but Athena will have to spend some time with Percy as part of the bet with Poseidon. Read and find out. Oh and I don't own Percy Jackson & the Olympians. *Sobs*. Rick Riordan does... "You are nuts Athena! My son would never like you, he isn't crazy enough to!". " You are a gullible, feckless, grisly excuse of a god! He would find me appealing, because he is involved with my daughter! My daughter is similar to me and therefore, your moronic and idle son would like me too!". Poseidon and Athena were , for the millionth time, arguing. This time there poor daughters and sons were the subjects. Or to be precise, Athena's daughter and Poseidon's son. It had started out as an innocent, or seemingly innocent, discussion about which child was the best, but had soon turned into a heated argument. It started to go wrong already when they started to discuss what Aphrodite liked to call Percabeth. Both parents despised the very idea of Percabeth, but that wasn't when things started to go wrong. Now, things really went wrong at the moment Poseidon stated Percy's only flaw was liking Annabeth. Athena hadn't let it go, of course. She had stated calmly that it was rather the only good thing about Percy. That the fact he was able to comprehend the fact that Annabeth was likeable showed he at least had something resembling intelligence. Poseidon had retorted that he simply couldn't understand why Percy liked Annabeth ( well, he had used some other words to describe Annabeth, but I won't repeat those), especially not since she was so like Athena. And Athena had retorted that everyone should like her, because she served a purpose other than peeving people, like Poseidon. And that was where they were arguing about now. " That he likes that girl, doesn't mean he likes you too. I can't even understand why my brave, intelligent and loyal son, a true hero, would like that brat! How can he possibly like something that is so much like you!". "Because there is a diminutive possibility that boy actually possesses intelligence, unlike his father! He might actually grasp the true meaning of life, the aspect that is most I important. Knowledge! And stop referring to me daughter as if she were a thing rather than a person!". "Stop giving me orders! And your daughter is a freak, just like you! She is born from thoughts, what kind of person is that?". "A rational, astute and kind-hearted person! A person that is much better than your sea spawn!". " If you think your daughter is so much better, then why do you want Percy to like you!". "You are such a cretin! I would never actually find anything about your son appealing or even positive about your son, so why on earth would I desire he liked me? I despise that stupefied, puerile and provoking son of you!". "Liar! You just admitted you want him to like you! And why are you calling me a crouton, that is food!". " You nitwit! It is a synonym for idiot, crouton is something entirely else!". " Well, why don't you just call me an idiot then? That way, I can actually understand your insults!". "Urgh, that doesn't matter right now! And I will insult you whenever I facy to and I will use whatever lexicon I desire to use, no matter how complicated it will be for some gullible sea god like you!". " You are the most arrogant person I have ever met! My Percy would never be stupid enough to actually like you, not even when he had a concusion!". " He would!". " Wouldn't!". " He would"! " Wouldn't!". " He woul- Why am I even discussing this with you? It is completely trivial whether your gullible spawn likes me or not. I despise every molecule of the boy's body! He isn't even worth to play a part in my thoughts, let alone that he is worth this discussion!". " Oh please, your pride is just hurt, because you know you are wrong! Percy would never like you!". " I don't even want him to!". " Good, because he doesn't and never will. He would want to commit suicide if he spent to much time in your company! That is how annoying you are!". " ME? Me? You actually are insensate enough to anticpate I am the provoking one? You foolish, feckless and peeving god!". " Jeez woman, learn to talk normal English! I didn't understand half you were saying!". " But you can't even count! You have existed for centuries and you still aren't attainable of lucid tasks, like reading. Seriously, there is a high possibility you are the most gullible person that has ever existed!". "Whatever. Most people don't understand you anyway. And my Percy still won't like you! He doesn't like arrogant, mean, cold, know-it-alls!". " How many times do I have to apprise I don't feel any desire to be liked by that little stuck up Percy before you actually comprehend it! And before you ask, apprise means to inform. Are your microscopic brains attainable of the enormous task of actually comprehending this? Or do I have to repeat myself and say it very slowly?". " Stop the arrogance already Athena! And that is one of the reason people can't bear to spend time with you! You can't have a normal conversation with you, most people don't even understand half of what you are saying. And my Percy is too smart to like someone like you!". " Are you convinced you perceive the definition of smart, because I have met your son and he is a lot but he indubitably isn't smart!". " He is! He might be not as smart as you, but he is very intelligent for a boy his age. And he would never like you!". " Oh stop it already! I don't want him to like me! I will never like him or find him in any way agreeable!". " Pff! I bet that you would start to like him if you actually spend time with him for a week or so!". " I would rather go to Tartarus!". "ENOUGH! I'M FED UP FROM YOUR BICKERING ATHENA AND POSEIDON!" Zeus suddenly bellowed, his hands tightly gripped around his lightning bolt. He looked absolutely enraged, with glowing eyes and an aura of immense power around him. Poseidon and Athena were in the throne room, of course. Most of their arguments started there, because they didn't see each other a lot outside the throne room. They were so different, they spend their time in different ways and in different places. Which was the reason they didn't see each other a lot. But when they did, there would be a lot of yelling, screaming and swearing. They never seemed to be able to stop arguing, no matter how hard they tried to. Not that they tried very hard anyway, but they wouldn't be able to stop. They would just continue until someone lost. Or everything around them was destroyed. Or both, since they sometimes used weapons other than words. The only reason Zeus had waited this long before stopping it, was because it had been quite amusing. And maybe because when he tried to stop it, they just ignored him and screamed harder. They had been too busy arguing to really acknowledge him. Poseidon and Athena looked at Zeus, Poseidon with an annoyed look and Athena with an annoyed look at Poseidon and slight shame evident in her eyes. " My apologies father, but Poseidon was peeving me again and-". " Oh so now you are blaming me? You just can't stand the idea Percy is too smart and awesome to like you!". " Firstly, he isn't even remotely smart in any way. Secondly, being smart and not liking me isn't connected in any way. And thirdly, I can't stand a lot of things, mainly having to see your face so often, but I'm perfectly fine with the idea that he dislikes me. I despise that boy!". " Liar. And I bet you want him to like you and would like him if you spend some time with him!". " I would never like him! There are too many conformities between you and your moronic son". " You are a coward!". " I am the goddess of war, it is preposterous to assume such a thing!". " Coward! Coward. Cowaaard!". " Stop that! I'm not a coward! What reasons do you actually be attainable to assume I am?". " Simply. You don't dare to spend time with my son, you are probably afraid you will fall in love with him!". " That is absolute piffle! I would never fall in love with children that even hold the slightest resemblance to you and he is a lot like you! Besides, I'm a maiden goddess, you vlacas!". " If that is the truth, I dare you to spend a week with my son!". " I don't even possess the time that is required to fulfill your ridiculous bet and-". " Coooooward!". " Fine! I accept the bet!". " Great! You will learn to like my boy, miss smartypants!". " I won't. I will only win that bet and prove once again you are the biggest idiot to ever exist". " I'm not the biggest idiot. And you will like my son, I'm convinced you will". " That you are convinced something is bond to happen, doesn't mean it will actually betide!". Poseidon was about to react when the earth started shaking slightly and Zeus threw his lightning bolt at Poseidon. Luckily, his aim wasn't that good and he missed. The lightning bolt hit the wall instead. Zeus did succeed in shutting Poseidon up however. " ENOUGH! STOP THE BICKERING! POSEIDON AND ATHENA, WE WILL ALL HOLD YOU TO YOUR BET. DISCUSS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU LOSE THE BET LATER! OR EVEN BETTER, I WILL DECIDE" Zeus screamed. Zeus took a deep breath, actually calming down a little, and turned towards Poseidon. " Poseidon if you lose this bet, you will have to shut up the rest of the week and behave as Athena's assistant". He turned towards Athena. " Athena, if you lose, you will have to agree with Poseidon whenever he says something, no matter how ridiculous it probably is". Poseidon frowned. " That doesn't seem fair. If I lose, Athena can torture me in any way she wants and I can't even protest and all she has to do is agree with me. Which shouldn't be hard, since I make very good points". Athena rolled her eyes. " Believe me, it will be difficult. You are gullible and you will probably demand I poclaim things that has to do with your appearance". Poseidon smirked. " What an awesome idea. I will let you say I am the hottest god and that you swoon over me". Athena turned greenish and gagged. " That is repellent. I won't allow that to happen. I will win, like always". Zeus smiled while Poseidon rolled his eyes. " I'm sure you will my daughter. You get that from me" he stated with a smirk. Poseidon snickered. " Like you always win". Zeus gave him a glare, but Poseidon didn't even flinch. He just smirked at Zeus. He looked very satisfied with himself and confident. He obviously believed he would win. Zeus narrowed his eyes, but turned his attention towards Athena. " You will go to camp half-blood and stay there every day during the morning and afternoon to spend time with Jackson. I and the other gods will make sure you two keep to the bet. What are the rules?". " Athena has to spend the mornings and afternoons with Percy. And