This is just an idea of mine. Another series of one-shots ( I'm doing a lot of those lately). They won't be all about Aphrodite, they just will have to with her powers ( love, lust, beauty etc) and her symbols of power ( magic girdle, doves etc). There will be a few where she is included though. All right, now I have made that clear - hopefully- we will proceed ; I don't own Percy Jackson & the Olympians. Enjoy! This one will be HeraxZeus, by the way. Aphrodite's girlde will do its work! Hera sighed. She was feeling depressed and lonely. Especially lonely, since she had no one to talk to, to confide in. They all hated her. Especially him. Her husband. She sighed again. She was in her own room at Olympus, where no one could enter without her permission, and she rarely felt this horrible. She wasn't often in a good mood, thanks to her family and her atrocious marriage, but she was rarely in a mood like this. Normally, she felt at least somewhat happy. But not today. She felt sad, lonely and simply hopeless. She felt like someone had used a gargantuan vacuum cleaner to suck all good feelings out of her. Leaving only sadness, loneliness and despair. She felt like crying. She, the might and proud Hera, actually felt tears sting behind her eyes. She never cried. Or almost never. She didn't want to cry, felt like people would think even lesser of her if she did. They would think she was weak, not expedient to rule. They would laugh and mock her even more than now. It would ruin her and her reputation. Most people saw her as the cruel, arrogant and annoying queen of heaven. They thought she was aloof, emotionless even. They thought so much of her, so many negative things, but none of it was the truth. Okay, Hera had to admit she could be cruel and mean towards demi-gods, but who could blame her? There were a constant reminder of what she didn't have and so many did. To her, they were a reminder she was married to Zeus, but only in name. It wasn't an actual marriage, or at least didn't feel like it. Zeus and she might be husband and wife, but Zeus rarely spend time with her. He was too busy. And not just with his job. No, also with sleeping with every pretty girl he saw. She hated him for it. For caring more about his mistresses than her, his own wife. And she hated herself for actually caring. No matter how provoking it was, Hera actually loved Zeus. He was her brother, her younger brother. He was arrogant, bossy, often aloof, sometimes mean and even a bit ignorant at times. He had forced her to marry him and had raped her. And yet, she loved him. Somehow she had grown to love him. Despite the fact that he was her brother, despite the fact he seemed to have so many flaws and cheated all the time, she loved him. She couldn't help it, couldn't stop it. She simply had no choice but love him. And because she loved him, she was miserable. She was alone. Other gods at least had friends, someone to confide in. She, she had nothing. Poseidon, Dionyos and Hades had their wives. Demeter, Apollo, Hermes and Athena had their children. Artemis had her Zeus had his countless mistresses, his toys. Even Hestia was better of than Hera. Hestia might be ignored often, but the people who knew her always liked her. While everybody seemed to hate Hera, not understanding how she actually was. She made mistakes, but it was not all her fault. The reason why she was like that, was Zeus. He had made her bitter, vengeful. He had ruined her with his behavior, broken her heart. She had been a different woman in the early days of their marriage. But no one though of that. They only saw her, the mean one. The loathed one. They never saw what was behind the mask she showed the world. Even Zeus, her own husband, didn't. And she needed him to see. To remember, to remember how they had been at first. How happy and carefree. She wanted that back. Or at the very least, she wanted Zeus to pay attention to her. To his wife. Hera stayed in her room , staring at of the window and pondering, for another hour before a thought occured to her. She didn't even know where she had gotten the idea, but she could ask Aphrodite for help. She could borrow her girdle, her cestus, like she had in the Trojan war. It had managed to make her irresistable to Zeus then. It could do the same now. It might be trickery, and low and mean, but at least, Zeus would pay attention to her. She deserved that. And needed it. I just want him to be nice to me again, to be like it first was. I didn't even want to marry him in the first place, it was his idea. Why would he make our marriage miserable when it was his idea in the first place? Hera walked towards Aphrodite's palace and knocked a few times. She hoped the goddess was at home and not... occupied. It would be akward to bother her at a moment like that. Hera tried to push her thoughts away from that certain road, but she wasn't really able to. Except, she wasn't thinking about Aphrodite and someone- often Ares-, but herself and Zeus. They hadn't even done that in a long time and it was one of the things Zeus loved to do. It is really offending that he is sleeping with a lot of women, but doesn't with his own wife. It really has been a long time since we have done that. And I can't exactly go to another man if I want anything... The door suddenly opened, which made Hera able to stop thinking about that particuliar subject, and revealed Aphrodite. The goddess looked stunning like always, with red, flowing hair, green eyes and her curveous body clad in one of the most beautiful dresses Hera had ever seen. It was a bit old-fashioned but beautiful, green with shining diamonds in the bodice and it reached Aphrodite's knees. It made her even more beautiful. Aphrodite smiled at Hera. She didn't like Hera, but she didn't hate her either. She only had a slight dislike for Hera after certain arguments they had been having. And Hera didn't exactly like her because she had won the golden apple( A/N you know, what started the Trojan war?) and because she cheated so much. Hera despised people who cheated. " Queen Hera. Why are you here?" Aphrodite asked. Hera hesitated. She didn't really know what to say. Also, she didn't want everyone to hear it. She wanted to keep her plan secret, especially because it embarressed her she had to do things like this to gain Zeus' attention. " I have a favour to ask. Would you please let me in?". Aphrodite smiled brightly, revealing her perfect teeth. Every inch of her seemed to be flawless, so beautiful even gods were impressed every time they saw her. Hera was really feeling peeved and slightly jealous by now, but she ignored it. She didn't come here to argue with Aphrodite. "Of course you can come in! I would looove to". Aphrodite closed the door and they walked towards the living room and sat down. She had already two tea pots, two cups, cookies, muffins and bagles standing on her table. She motioned for Hera to sit down on one of the couches, which were red with pink, heart-shaped pillows, and sat down in a chair herself. She smiled at Hera. " So what can I do for you? Take some snacks if you want to, by the way". Hera looked at the snacks and took a cookie. She didn't really want to eat anything Aphrodite had made, who knew what she put inside it, but she decided to be polite. Aphrodite filled their cups with tea, cinnamon-flavoured while Hera devoured her cookie. It took a while before they talked again. Aphrodite smiled again. "So Hera, what is the reason you wanted to see me?"she asked, clearly curious. Hera didn't visit her often, after all. It was only logical she was curious. Hera sighed. "I need your help with something". She decided she would just be honest. Lies wouldn't help her here. Aphrodite raised one of her perfect eyebrows- Damn it even her eyebrows are perfect was Hera's thought- and smiled. She put her cup down and clapped her hands happily. "Really! Oh my gosh, are you having a crush? Who is it?". Hera rolled her eyes. " I'm married Aphrodite". " So what? Don't let that stop you darling! It doesn't stop me , does it?". Hera sighed. "I have no intention whatsoever to behave like certain people-" she glared at Aphrodite, making clear she was one of those people- " and cheat on my husband. Quite the opposite actually". " Oh. Too bad, it would be a good story if you would fall in love with a mortal". Aphrodite suddenly gained a sly look. "Or I could..-". " Don't even THINK about it! You are not going to try make me fall in love somebody". Aphrodite pouted. " You are no fun. But fine, I won't. Why did you come to see me when you don't need my advice then?" " I need to borrow your girdle". "My pretty girdle that Hephaestus made for me and that makes the person that wears it irresistable?". Hera rolled her eyes. Why would she want to borrow another girdle? She had girdles herself, just not one like Aphrodite had. A magic one. " Yes, that one. So may I?". Aphrodite smiled. "Sure! But where do you need it for? Which man has caught your interest? Oooh is it another god?". " No! And I thought you knew things like this, considering you are the love goddess". Aphrodite shrugged. " Yes, but I haven't been paying that much attention to you. I was busy with other things". " I don't even want to know what you mean with other things. Are you going to help me or not?". " Sure! I love to spread love. But where do you need it for?". Hera bit her lip. It was embarressing that her own husband wasn't interested in her, but Aphrodite already knew he slept with everyone and ignored her so there was no point in not telling it. " I need it for Zeus"was all she said. Aphrodite smiled, her eyes shining mischievously. " Aha. So you want to have some quality time with him. Why don't you just ask him?". " He is only interested in other women at the moment. He won't listen. But this way, he will only want to spend time with me. ". " He will want to do a lot of things with you sweetie"Aphrodite said, giggling. Hera tried not to roll her eyes or blush. Leave it to the love goddess to say something like that. " That is sort of what I am hoping for. We really need to spend some time together, we are married after al". " I understand darling". Aphrodite stood up, putting the girdle of- she almost always wore it- and gave it to Hera. Hera smiled. "Thank you". She was actually thankful, now she had the girdle. It would make her plan possible. That plan being getting Zeus to spend time with her. Aphrodite winked. " Don't mention it. Just have fun!" she said suggestively. The way she said it made quite clear what kind of fun she meant. Hera didn't really know what to say to that, so she just nodded. " Eh sure. Bye Aphrodite!'. "Bye".