Author's Note: Hello everyone! This is my first story, so please be kind. Before you begin, I have a few things to say: (1) This takes place between New Moon and Eclipse. (2) I'm using creative licence, so there will be things similar to the movie, and things thrown in to fit the plot. (3) The timeline has been adjusted, meaning everyone is slightly older than in the books/movie. Why? You'll just have to wait and see ;) Please enjoy the story and let me know what you think! Chapter 1 I sighed and adjusted my glasses as I glanced around my two bedroom apartment. Although I was making progress, most of my belongings were still in boxes from my move across country. What was I thinking relocating so far from home? I had no friends or family in bumfuck Forks, Washington; all were back home in New Jersey. Now here I was, starting a new job tomorrow, in a completely new city, with a completely different set of customs. This should be interesting. My stomach growled as I bent down to begin unpacking another box. I glanced at my watch and blinked in confusion. It was just after three in the afternoon. Where had the time gone? Oh well. I walked into the bathroom and glanced in the mirror. I fluffed out my dark auburn hair, currently styled in a short bob. I recently cut my hair, which had grown to reach my mid back. Maybe someday I'll let it grow back, but right now, I was really enjoying not spending hours upon hours styling it. I walked out of the bathroom and grabbed my keys from the kitchen counter. At least they didn't get lost in all of my unpacking. I walked out of the building and hopped into my little black Ford Focus. Sure it's a small car, but it's amazing on gas. I pulled out of my designated parking spot and onto the main road, my eyes scanning for something quick and tasty to satisfy my hunger. I grinned as I found a diner off the side of the road. Anyone that knows Jersey knows that it has some of the best diners on the planet. Not bragging, just stating facts. I sighed, suddenly feeling nostalgic for my home state. I guess I could eat here, although I should probably go to the supermarket to pick up some food. My stomach quickly axed that idea as it growled again. I shrugged. I'll just hit the supermarket when I leave the diner. I found a parking spot and walked into the diner. "How many?" asked the waitress. "Just one." "Ok, follow me." I did as requested and followed the waitress who led me to a booth in the corner of the diner. I smiled politely as I listened to her ramble off the specials as well as informing me who would be my server. I nodded my thanks and immediately absorbed myself in the menu once she left. Not too long after, my waiter came and took my drink and food order, since I was ready, and was off. I glanced around at the different occupants of the diner. There were families eating together and having fun. I smiled sadly, suddenly missing my mother who was on the other coast. My mom and I are very close, and while she didn't necessarily agree with me moving this far away from her, she still supported my decision nonetheless. I should probably call her tonight to let her know everything is fine. I continued glancing around the room when my eyes landed on a couple. The young woman had long chestnut hair, and she seemed to be eating in silence with her counterpart. The guy she was with was extremely pale, with the weirdest colored eyes I had ever seen. Was that topaz? No, there was too much brown to be considered topaz. Whatever. He obviously has contacts. There's no way that color was natural. The weird eyed man had a glass of water sitting in front of him, and nothing else. That's odd. This is a diner after all. My eyes widened slightly as I noticed the male staring at me, a look of confusion on his face. I quickly averted my gaze, luckily my waiter was coming with my food, so I was able to focus on that. I smiled at the waiter and began to eat my food. While eating, I discretely peeked at the pale man again and was shocked to see not only him eyeing me, but also the woman he was with. Feeling uneasy, I quickly asked the waiter to bring me a to-go container and the check. While waiting, the weird duo continued to stare at me. Seriously? Was there something on my face, or did they just have bad manners? Whatever. The waiter came back with my container and the check. I paid cash, packed up my food, and went to my car, all the while glancing behind me to make sure I wasn't being followed. Maybe once I'm home, I can enjoy my food in piece. I hopped in my car and drove home. Note to self: Next time I get hungry, order a pizza. I made it home in five minutes, proud that I didn't get myself lost. I sat on my couch and continued to eat my meal while contemplating on the weird duo in the diner. Maybe they had never seen anyone from the East Coast before? Wait, they don't even know I'm not from Forks, so that doesn't make sense. Maybe I had ketchup on my face? Whatever. They could've said something. Or maybe they were just plain rude. Yeah, that explains it. I sighed in contentment as I finished my meal in peace. I stretched and looked around trying to figure out which boxes to tackle next. My bedroom was almost done; I had unpacked most of that room this morning. Maybe I could move on to the second bedroom, which I was turning into my office. I got up, throwing away the garbage as I passed the kitchen, and glanced in the room that would be my office. I immediately felt overwhelmed and sighed. Yeah, that's not going to happen today. Maybe I can go food shopping? I would need something for breakfast tomorrow morning. With my mind made up, I grabbed my keys and headed for my car. I began driving the opposite way from the diner, not wanting to run into the weird duo. There had to be a store down here, right? 30 minutes later Ok, I was completely and utterly lost. Shit. I have no idea where I am, and what's worse is its getting dark out. Double shit. I knew I should've turned around when I stopped seeing street lights. My eyes strained in the darkness to see in front of me. Finally I came upon a sign. Welcome to La Push. Are you fucking kidding me? I'm in La Push, where ever that was. Great. Well maybe there's a gas station or something where I could ask for directions. A few miles down the road, I didn't see any gas station, but I did see a little supermarket. Thank God for small favors. I could get my groceries, ask for directions back into town, and be on my merry way. I pulled into the parking lot, noticing not many other cars here. There was a red Volkswagen, a black pick-up truck, and the last was a forest green Yugo. I shrugged, as I parked my car and made my way inside the grocery store. The store clerk nodded his head in greeting, and I smiled and nodded in return. I grabbed a shopping cart, making my way up and down the aisles, grabbing what I needed. I heard a few voices in the next aisle over. Of course, since the store was so quiet, I couldn't help but listen in. "Come on man, there's plenty of other girls out there! It's not like you two were destined to be together or anything," came a male voice. Someone sighed. "You don't know what it's like Em. You can't just stop loving someone because they don't want you." I kept a neutral face as I entered into the aisle, though my heart went out to the guy who had his heart broken. Poor thing. I glanced in the direction of the voices and was taken aback by what I saw. These guys were huge! Their backs were turned towards me as I entered the aisle. Wait, why did I come down this aisle again? Oh yea! I needed taco shells, and Ortega mix. I love me some tacos! "Jake, I may not know what it's like, but I do know you're wasting away because of this leech lover ." I blinked in confusion. What the hell is a leech lover? Whatever it was, it sounded disgusting. Whatever, let me just get my taco shells and packet so I can get out of here. "Shut-up, Embry! It's not like that!" The one called Jake shouted. I shook my head. Clearly someone was in denial. Poor guy. That's probably why he got his heart broken. The one called Embry…growled? "Then what is it like, Jake?! I'm tired of seeing one of my best friends depressed!" I still can't get over the fact the he growled, and it sounded like a real dog. There certainly were strange people around these parts. "You wouldn't understand." Embry sighed in frustration. "Dude, I'm trying to understand! You're my best friend, but I can't keep watching you go through this depression! She left you to go save that…that asshole , even after you told her how you felt. Then, when she gets back, she treats you like a piece a shit you'd find on the bottom of your shoe!" Damn, poor guy. Not only was heartbroken, but his dirty laundry was being aired out in the public, which consisted of me and the cashier. I feel really bad for the poor guy. Now where were those taco shells? I perused the shelves for the taco mix and shells, and noticed that the two guys were standing right in front of it. Great . "Gee, thanks for the reminder. And here I was about to forget how shitty she made me feel." "Dude, I'm just worried about you, is all. You've been all melancholy and shit. I'm just trying to make sure you don't do anything stupid, is all." "What, like contacting her? I've been keeping my distance, Em." "Dude, I know, and I'm ecstatic, believe me. But what happens when she comes calling? You know she's going to come back." "I don't have anything to say to her." "Right now, you don't." "Em, I appreciate your concern but it's not needed." "Um, excuse me, " I interrupted when it seemed like the conversation was less heated. Both guys turned to me. My eyes flashed from the one on the right- identified through the conversation as Embry, to the one on the left, which, by process of elimination, had to be Jake. Once I made eye contact with Jake, his gaze softened and his posture relaxed considerably. He was looking with me with…adoration? Wonder? Admiration? I broke eye contact with the man in front of me as his friend started cheering in the store, saying something about how it's about time. Jake dropped to one knee as soon as eye-contact was broken and started breathing heavily. He lifted one hand to place over his heart, and the other was running through his hair. " Holy shit! " he whispered harshly, still breathing heavily. I looked between the man who was still down on one knee and the other, who was grinning like a madman while dancing in the aisle. I was beginning to think there was something seriously wrong with the residents of La Push. "Uh, I just