Hey, so I've been reading some of your awesome reviews and it's great to see you guys post some advice on how I could make my writing better. So I've taken those comments to heart and decide to do this over again with the tips you guys have given me. Sorry for those of you who want me to extend this into a multi chapter fic but I think I'm still going to keep it as a one shot. Sorry :( Disclaimer: I wish I did but believe or not, I don't own ANY of the Hunger Games. Oh and some of first few paragraphs are taken directly from the novel which of course belongs to the great Suzanne Collins. I take one of the grass woven mats Finnick had made earlier and let Peeta guide me to a spot on the beach a few feet away from the others. I lay down the mat and Peeta and I sit, facing away from each other, with my right shoulder and hip pressed against his. I watch the water as he watches the jungle, which is better for me. I'm still haunted by the voices of the jabberjays, which unfortunately the insects can't drown out. After a while, I lean back and rest my head on his shoulder. I feel his soft fingers come and undo my braid. His hand caresses my hair, running his fingers through each damp strand. I've learnt that it's become one of Peeta's favourite things to do; it brings me comfort when he does it too. I sigh and relax, closing my eyes as I rest on his shoulder. "Katniss," he says softly after a while, "It's no use pretending we don't know what the other one is trying to do." No, I guess there isn't but it's no fun discussing it either. We knew each other's intentions the minute we heard Snow's voice announce the opening of the third Quarter Quell. I'm pretty sure the Capitol viewers will be glued to their sets so they won't miss one wretched word. "I don't know what kind of deal you think you've made with Haymitch but you should know he made me promises as well." Of course, I know this too. He told me they could keep me alive so that he wouldn't be suspicious. "So I think we can assume he was lying to one of us." My eyes snap open as his statement catches my attention. I realise that Haymitch has set us a double deal, a double promise, and only he knows which one is real. I sit up and turn around so I can meet Peeta's eyes. "Why are you saying this now?" His face morphs into one of sadness and he makes no effort in covering it up. "Because I don't want you forgetting how different our circumstances are, if you die and I live, there's no life for me at all back in District Twelve. You're my whole life," he says. He takes one of my hands and holds it in both of his. "I'll never be happy again." I begin to object, I want to tell him that there are so many better girls out there, and that he can still live his dream of taking over his bakery but he puts a finger to my lips. "It's different for you. I'm not saying it won't be hard but there are other people who'd make your life worth living." I watch him as he pulls the chain with the gold disk from around his neck. He holds it out in the moonlight and I can clearly see the mockingjay at the back of it. He then uses his thumb and slides along a tiny catch I didn't notice before and the disk pops open. It's not solid, as I had though earlier, but it's in fact a locket and within it, are photos. On the right side, my mother and Prim are shown laughing and on the left, is Gale, actually smiling. Immediately, I feel my heart pounding, aching because I just miss them so much. There is nothing in the world at this moment that could break me faster than these three faces. Especially after what I heard this afternoon in the forest with the jabberjays, it is the perfect weapon. "Your family needs you, Katniss," Peeta says. My family, my mother, my beautiful little sister who I would do anything to protect, and my pretend cousin Gale, these people are my family. But I know why Peeta put in Gale's photo along with my mother's and Prim's, I know him too well after all we've been through. I can see through his selfless heart and know what his intentions are, that Gale really is my family, and that he probably will be one day if Peeta left this place and I lived. He knows that I'll probably marry him, because Peeta can read my heart so clearly as well, as if mine were his own. He's giving up his whole life and Gale's at the same time, to let him know that I shouldn't have any doubts, that I shouldn't be hesitant to turn to Gale to be my husband. Everything… That's what Peeta wants me to take from him. I look at those crystal blue eyes, ones that I have come to love, even though I don't know what kind it is, only that I care about him, so much, so deeply that I'm willing to exchange my life so that he can live. I know that he's not playing for the cameras, that none of these words are for the Games but only for me alone, that he is telling the truth about what he really feels. My heart begins to shatter and I can feel tears welling up in my eyes. "No one really needs me," he continues and there's no self-pity in his voice. It's true though, his family doesn't need him and they proved it after he won the Games. They will mourn for him surely, as will a handful of friends, since Peeta was very well liked at school but they will get on. Even Haymitch, who has begun to become an important part of our lives, will get on with the help of some white liquor. But as I think about all this, I realise that only one person will be so damaged, so broken if Peeta dies, that maybe she'll reach a point where her heart will never be able to be repaired. Me. I grasp onto his hands again. "I do," I say, and my voice comes out strained. "I need you." He looks even more upset, and he takes a deep breath as if to begin a long argument, and that's no good, no good at all because I know he'll start going on about Prim, my mother and Gale and how I deserve a future with them. But I don't deserve a future; I don't want a future without Peeta by my side. So before he can talk, I lean forward stop his lips with a kiss. I feel that thing again, the flickering flame that rose within me when I kissed Peeta in the cave, when I was trying to get Haymitch to send me food. Our lips mould into one another's so perfectly but I feel Peeta's hands on my shoulder and he gently pushes me back. "Katniss…" But I don't let him continue as I wrap my arms around his neck and pull him closer to me. I connect our lips again before he can say another word. Warmth floods through my body as I feel him return the kiss but he pushes me away again sooner than I would've liked. His eyes are watery and I can see the emotions flowing out from them. "Katniss don't make it harder than it already is." His words finally break me, and I feel the waiting tears run down my face. "Don't Peeta, don't die for me," I whisper shakily in my weeping. He brushes a few loose strands of hair from my forehead and leans forward and gently kisses my cheeks, my nose, the corner of my mouth my eyelids, leaving no stray tears on my face. His sweet gesture only makes me cry even more, I can't let him die; I'll miss him too much. He puts a hand at the back of my head and guides it to his bare shoulder where I sob into. His heart, his soul, everything about him is so pure, so good, and unselfish. As his arms wrap around my quivering body, I feel his own tears drop onto my hair. I link my arms around his waist and press my head more firmly into his body, the body that has given me so much comfort that I have taken for granted. I realise that no one, no one can comfort me like Peeta can and it's not just because it's because we've experience the Games together but because… it's him . He's the only person that can make me feel beautiful, despite my scarred body. He's the only person that can be patient with me, despite my mood swings and selfishness. He's the only person who can love me so unconditionally, so powerfully, despite the only thing that I give him is my confused emotions. I lift my head and take his lips in mine again. I pour all my emotions out into this kiss, letting him know that I really will be irreparable if he leaves, that there would be no good enough reason to keep on living and surviving. I don't give him an opportunity to push me back again by tightening my grip around his waist more tightly. Our kisses aren't like the usual gentle timid ones we share in front of the cameras; this one is loving and passionate and has a sense of urgency behind it. It's desperate, as if it'll be the last one we'll ever share, and maybe it will be. We pull our lips apart only to connect them again. The fire in me only grows hotter and I feel as if it is creating a barrier surrounding us, blocking off the sounds of the waves, the moon in the sky and the sleeping tributes who lie only a few feet away from us. When we finally run out of breath, I open my eyes to meet his. I see a mix of feelings in them, longing, desire, want, and an unending amount of love. Slowly, I lie down on the smooth surface of the mat and I pull him down on top of me. I feel my tears begin to gradually subside and I pull his head down to cover my lips again. I run my fingers through his blonde hair, pushing his head down to deepen the kiss. I open my mouth slightly and his tongue enters mine. He shifts the position of his head slightly, without disconnecting our lips, to gain better access. I feel his hands explore my body, running them up and down my stomach, thighs and hips. When one of his hands brushes the side of my breast, I shudder at the warm feeling it gives me. I moan in the kiss, it feels so good, so impossibly good and only Peeta can make me feel like this, to make me truly feel like the Girl on Fire. His breathing is ragged and hot against my skin as we pull apart to catch our breaths but our lips lock again instantly after. The feeling of his weight on top of me is nothing short of satisfying, it gives me a sense of security, something that I don't feel a lot of nowadays. He shifts his body downwards and begins kissing my jaw and then my neck. His hand comes underneath my head and weaves through my long, thick hair and I moan again