Surprise Disclaimer: I own nothing except Eleniel, Feredir and my other OCs. Note: Just a short fic I decided to write to make up for not updating Rivendell's Star in so long! (I'm in the middle of writing the 7th chapter of it, but haven't finished yet. Soon, though, soon!) If you haven't read Rivendell's Star: Eleniel is my OC. She is Lord Elrond's youngest child and Elladan, Elrohir, Arwen and Estel's little sister. (In this, Eleniel is the equivalent of a human 10-year-old and Estel is 15.) Anyways, I hope you enjoy this! Please review! :3 "What do you mean, you haven't had a Begetting Day party in over 1000 years?!" Glorfindel grinned and turned his head to look at the little elf who was sat on his bed behind him. "Yes, I know, it is such a crime," he said before looking back to the mirror in front of him and continuing to braid his hair. It was morning in Rivendell. The sun was shining down on the Last Homely House and the birds were singing happily outside. When Eleniel had woken, the sun was only just coming up, and after lying in bed for a few minutes she had decided to see if the golden warrior was awake. He hadn't been, but she had practised her tracking skills and pounced on him, waking him up in the process. He hadn't minded too much and with a tired groan reached up and pulled her down beside him, wrapping his arms around her and resting his chin on top of the blonde head. They had both fallen asleep that way and only 20 minutes ago had woken up. Now, Eleniel was waiting for Glorfindel to finish getting ready for the day so they could go to her room and then walk to the breakfast hall together. "Yes! Why haven't you had one in so long?" Elrond's youngest asked. Glorfindel chuckled and walked to the bed where he sat down and started pulling on his boots. When Eleniel had asked him why she couldn't remember ever celebrating his Begetting Day, he had known what the reaction would be once he told her; elflings loved parties! So did he, it was just… he felt strange celebrating it. He didn't know why, he just did. Maybe it was because of the parties his parents used to arrange for him when he was younger. Everything would be decorated and all his friends would be there… the delicious party food on the table… the piles of presents in the corner… Shaking himself out of his thoughts, he fell back onto the bed and sighed. "Oh, I don't know," he said. Turning his head to the younger elf beside him, he rolled onto his stomach and kissed the elfling's nose. "Why don't you know?" the young Peredhil asked. Glorfindel rolled his eyes and blew a raspberry on Eleniel's stomach where her sleeping tunic had been lifted. "I just don't," he said, grinning as the elfling giggled. "Ro says that isn't an answer!" "I am the mighty balrog-slayer! If I want it to be an answer, it is an answer," the golden warrior laughed. He looked down into Eleniel's twinkling eyes and sighed, knowing she wanted a 'proper' answer. "I am too old for a party," he said. "No you're not! Ada has Begetting Day parties, and so does Restor sometimes… and Dan and Ro! They are adults now, and they still have parties!" Eleniel insisted. Glorfindel had no idea what to say to this, so grabbed the elfling with a roar and swung her up into his arms. The warrior opened the door and walked out, glad the laughing youngster he had draped across his shoulder wasn't asking any more questions. "Enough talk about parties; we need to go and get you ready for the day now little imp," he said as he carried her towards her room. "Ada, when is Fin's Begetting Day?" Elrond looked up from the book he was reading and raised an eyebrow. It was mid-morning now, and the lord of Rivendell and his daughter were in his study. Elrond was sat in a chair, reading, while Eleniel lay at his feet, happily drawing on a piece of paper. "Glorfindel? Hm, let me think. I believe it is… yes. It must be sometime next week." Eleniel rolled onto her back and looked up at her father, her blue eyes wide. " Next week? Oh Ada, we don't have much time at all!" Elrond furrowed his eyebrows in confusion. "What are you talking about?" he asked. "Well, this morning me and Fin-" "Fin and I." "Fin and I were talking. He said that the last time he had a Begetting Day party was before I was born! That is a long time." "It is indeed." "Yes, well, I was thinking, and I'd really like to surprise him with one!" the little Peredhil finished excitedly. Elrond put his book on the table beside him and looked down at his elfling. "And you are going to do this by yourself?" he asked with a knowing smile. "Um, no… not really. Actually, I was wondering if you could maybe…?" Elrond laughed and reached down, picking Eleniel up and placing her in his lap. "I would be very happy to help you plan this party," he said. "Hannon le Ada!" the little elfling said, hugging her father. "You are very welcome tithen mir nin. Now, surely you do not think we can pull this off on our own?" Eleniel furrowed her eyebrows in thought and then looked up at her father before jumping off his lap and running out of the door. The elf lord shook his head with a smile and picked the book back up. This was going to be interesting. "Restor?" The elf in question looked up from the report he was reading and smiled at the elfling who was standing by his door. "Hello tithen pen. Are you alright?" he asked, opening his arms and smiling fondly when Eleniel ran into them. "Yes, I am fine. I just wanted to ask you a question." "Oh? And what would that question be?" "Well, me and… no, Ada and I , are going to surprise Fin with a Begetting Day party, and we wanted to know if you could help!" Erestor raised both his eyebrows at this. It had indeed been quite a while since his friend had last had a Begetting Day party. There had been a great feast and the night was filled with merry songs and dances. From what he could remember, the golden warrior had enjoyed it immensely. So, why not? "Of course I will," he said at last, looking down into twinkling eyes. "I expect your brothers are going to help as well?" Eleniel opened her mouth to speak and then closed it. She hadn't thought about them. "I will go and ask them now," she said before skipping out of the raven-haired elf's study. Erestor chuckled and got up to go and speak to his lord about this party. Eleniel walked out to the training grounds to see her brothers. The twins were busy training Estel, shouting out commands. The young human was getting much better with his sword training and his brothers were very pleased with him. They took it upon themselves to train him, whereas when Eleniel was old enough to start learning to use the sword (she insisted she was going to be a proper warrior when she was older), Glorfindel would teach her. "Estel, move your feet!" "I am! " The twins grinned at their brother and turned their heads as they heard a familiar voice calling their names. "Ah, if it isn't our tithen fileg!" Elladan said as he put his sword down and walked towards his sister. "Dan, you all need to do something for me." The twins and Estel raised their eyebrows and looked down at the serious look on Eleniel's face. Elrohir leant his sword against a tree and walked over to his sister. "What would you like us to do?" he asked, growing slightly suspicious. "Ada, Restor and I are planning a surprise party for Fin, and we want you to help!" she said, all seriousness forgotten as the excitement crept back into her voice. "A party? For Glorfindel?" Estel asked as he put his sword beside Elladan's and sat down on the grass, taking a drink from the glass he had brought out with him. "Yes! Isn't it a good idea?" the elfling said, her voice bursting with enthusiasm. "A good idea indeed! Someone with a very wise brain must have thought of it. Ada, maybe?" Elrohir teased. Eleniel giggled. "No!" she said. "Hm… then it must be Erestor!" Elladan said. Eleniel laughed and fell back into her oldest brother's arms, who was now sitting on the floor with his twin. Elladan caught her and looked down at the little elf with a smile as Estel walked over, deciding to join his brothers in the teasing of their little sister. "Then who thought of it? It wasn't Ada, it wasn't Erestor, and it most definitely wasn't Glorfindel! So it must have been…" Eleniel waited for them all to shout her name and give her hugs for coming up with such an amazing idea, but no. "Lindir!" the three sons of Elrond said with a cheer. Eleniel frowned. "No," she said, "it was me." The brothers looked down at the slight disappointment in their sister's voice, fond smiles gracing their lips. "You did? How amazingly wonderful our little sister is! Good looks must not be all that you have inherited from Ada," Elrohir said with a wink. "What is this about my good looks?" came an amused voice from behind them. "Ada!" Eleniel said, jumping up and going to give her father a hug who returned it and placed a kiss on his youngest's forehead. "How is your training coming along Estel?" Erestor asked, who had walked to the training grounds with Elrond. Estel looked at his brothers who both stood up. "He is doing excellently. A lot of improvement has been made," Elrohir said as he pat his little brother on the back. The two older elves nodded and gave the human a proud smile. "Now then," Elrond said, "I really would like to know why you were discussing my handsome, striking good looks." "I don't remember using the word 'handsome'," Elladan said. "Or 'striking'," Estel added, raising his eyebrows. "Mhm, in fact, I'm not even sure why we said he had good looks," Elrohir frowned. Elrond playfully narrowed his eyes and looked to his daughter as if expecting her to 'insult' him next. The youngest Peredhil widened her eyes. "I think Ada is handsome and striking," she said hurriedly. Elrond smiled and winked at the elfling before turning to Erestor. "And you?" he asked, grinning when the advisor's eyes widened more than his daughters' had. "I… I don't… well, I think you look… dashing, Elrond," he said, his head tilting slightly to the side in confusion as he realized what he had said. "Hannon le, mellon nin. At least I have my most trusted advisor and my favourite child who both agree with me that I am indeed a very handsome elf." Eleniel giggled at the looks on her brothers' faces. "Ada, I thought I was your favourite child," Elladan said. "No, actually, I remember him saying I was always his favourite," Elrohir insisted. "I am his favourite; I always have been," Estel said. Erestor chuckled at the little family. "I believe you are all his favourites," he said. "Now, should we not move on and discuss what we are going to do for this party?" "Party!" Eleniel cried happily, her mind going straight back to what she planned to do for the golden warrior. Elrond laughed. "Aye, you are all my favourites," he said. "Should we move to the gardens so we can discuss it properly?"