Hidden In These Lies Welcome to my new story! I hope you enjoy it! This is a little bit different to Rivendell's Star, but I'm really looking forward to writing it! Reviews are always welcome, but please no flames! Thanks guys c: Disclaimer: I own nothing apart from Eleniel, Feredir and my other OCs (basically anyone you don't recognize). Everything belongs to the amazing J.R.R Tolkien :) This fanfic takes place about 5 years after Rivendell's Star. (You don't have to read that before this, but see the beginning of that fic if you want to know a little more about Eleniel). (If you haven't read Rivendell's Star: Eleniel is my OC. She is Lord Elrond's youngest child and Elladan, Elrohir, Arwen and Estel's little sister. For this fic, she is the equivalent of a 16-year-old human, and Estel is 21). Eleniel sighed heavily as she placed her elbows on the big wooden table in front of her, resting her chin in her hands and inwardly groaning at the annoying drone of her father's voice. Looking across the table at her twin brothers, she tried to catch their attention, but they seemed to be listening intently to Lord Elrond, not appearing in the least bit as bored as she was. When Eleniel's father had told her two days ago that she would be attending her first council meeting soon, the idea seemed exciting to her - she had always wondered what it was like. However, her views on it had quickly changed thirty minutes into the actual meeting. Boredom. If the young elf could describe it in one word, it would be boredom. A load of boring councillors talking about boring politics. Half the things they were talking about didn't even seem relevant! Turning her head to the human sitting next to her, Eleniel kicked him under the table. "Ow!" Estel whispered loudly, causing a couple elves to turn and narrow their eyes slightly before going back to listening to their lord. Estel looked at Eleniel. "What was that for?" "I'm bored. Can I leave?" "No, you can't, and you know that. Now be quiet and listen to Ada, else I won't spar with you later." With a barely audible groan, Eleniel glared at her brother before turning her head and staring at the paintings on the wall opposite. Maybe if she stared long enough, the time would pass quicker and the meeting would be over. "… village not far from here…" Bored. "… with orcs…" Bored. "…must not…" Bored. "What do you think, Eleniel?" Bored. Wait. "Hm?" came the youngest Peredhil's tired answer. Noticing that all eyes were on her, she quickly sat up straight, turning to her father. "What?" Elrond narrowed his eyes and Eleniel widened hers, feeling her cheeks beginning to heat up. "I mean…pardon, hir nin? I… I didn't hear that." Elrond sighed. "No, you didn't," he said, before adding a, "nothing odd about that", underneath his breath. "Never mind. Elladan, what do you think?" Eleniel couldn't feel more embarrassed. Had he really said that? He had said it quietly, but had he forgotten that everyone in the room were elves? Beings with amazing hearing ? Why did this keep happening? These past few weeks she had just kept being in the wrong place at the wrong time, and everything she did seemed to always lead to an argument with someone, or her simply embarrassing herself by doing something stupid. It hadn't always been her fault – everyone had been in a bad mood for ages now, it being around the time that the Lady Celebrian sailed. No one ever talked about it, and if they did, it was about a happy memory they had just remembered, or finding something that had once belonged to her and had been forgotten until then, but it affected Lord Elrond and his family more than anything, therefore affecting everyone in Rivendell; when their lords and lady were upset, so were they. That was just how it worked. "Alright then, I think that concludes this meeting. Thank you all for attending." Eleniel's head snapped up at those words and before anyone had the time to get out of their seats, the young Peredhil pushed her chair back and stood up, bolting out of the room. Elladan and Elrohir looked at their father, looks of concern on their faces. "I'll go," Glorfindel said. Elrond nodded in thanks, watching the balrog-slayer disappear out of the room before leaning back in his chair and sighing heavily. He hadn't meant to embarrass his daughter like that, or say what he had said. Thinking back, he should have checked to see if she was listening first before asking her a question. She had never attended a council meeting before and, from experience, he knew that the first few ones were always boring. But eventually she would come to get used to it. She would have to, if she was to remain one of the future leaders of Rivendell. Walking out of the door and into the gardens, Glorfindel breathed in the fresh air and immediately turned, knowing exactly where he was going. If he was right – which he usually was – the young elf would be in the exact same place that she always was. The balrog-slayer slowed his pace once he reached the end of the garden, bending down a little to look up into the leaves of the huge oak he was slowly approaching. Sure enough, his blue eyes caught sight of two black boots dangling over the edge of a branch, and a glimpse of blonde hair. The warrior closed the distance between himself and the tree and leaned against the trunk, idly fiddling with a bright green leaf he'd just picked. It was silent for a moment before Glorfindel spoke. "Can I come up?" he asked. "If you want," Eleniel replied, not looking down. She knew who it was, and if she was being honest, he would be the one she was most likely to talk to at this moment in time. Dropping the leaf, Glorfindel turned and easily climbed the tree. Leaning back against the trunk, he lifted his leg and placed it along the sturdy branch, nudging Eleniel's thigh with his boot. The elleth rolled her eyes and pushed his foot away before sighing and looking down at her hands. "He seemed really annoyed with me. He embarrassed me and didn't even look sorry for it." "Who? Your father?" Eleniel nodded. "I know I should have been listening, but council meetings are so boring! I don't know how you can stand them," she said with a sigh. "You'll get used to them. I hate them – who doesn't? – but as a lord, even if I'm not lord of Imladris, it is a necessity for me, as it is you and your brothers," Glorfindel said, before looking pointedly at the elf. "But either way, he should not have said what he said." Eleniel nodded before turning, taking a deep breath and running a hand through her loose blonde hair. "He's been like this for weeks now. Have I done anything wrong?" "Of course not," Glorfindel assured with a shake of his head. "You know what time of the year it is." "But what happened with Nana was not my fault… why should I have to suffer his- his moodiness and his shouting? I don't understand, Fin." Glorfindel completely agreed with this. Elrond – as well as his twin sons, though not as much as their father - still grieved for his wife even to this day, but he was very good at hiding it. Nevertheless, when that time came, he caved in and took it out on everybody, whether it was family, friend, or complete stranger. "I know, El, I know. I suppose that is just how it is with your father and your brothers though. Of course it isn't your fault. It's nobody's fault but those disgusting… creatures," the blond said, speaking the last two words as if they were poison. "You shouldn't have to suffer for this, and neither should Estel, or anyone for that matter. But remember that once this month is over, everything should be back to normal." Eleniel nodded with a barely audible sigh before turning her head slightly to look at the older elf. "I… I'd like to speak with him. Just, you know, to tell him how I feel about this." Glorfindel nodded. "I think that is a good idea. And I will stay with you, just in case he is being more of a moody grouch than usual." That cracked a smile on the young elleth's face, just like the warrior had intended, and Glorfindel felt himself grinning. "Now, are you going to come and give me a hug, or are you going to make me get up and come over to you?" he said with a raise of his eyebrows. Eleniel grinned. "Come over here yourself, lazy." Glorfindel raised his eyebrows higher as his face morphed into one of mock-shock. "You did not," he said. "Why would I want a hug from you? Lle holma ve' edan," the Peredhil said with a giggle, shifting on the branch slightly so she was ready to jump down if need be. Glorfindel actually gasped. "You will pay for that you little-" and with that, the balrog-slayer leapt up from his position on the branch, grabbed the young elf in his arms and fell back out of the tree, laughing as Eleniel squealed. He turned, making sure he would hit the grass below and cushion the elleth's fall. Once they reached the ground with a thud, Eleniel immediately rolled off the elf and lay giggling on the floor. "Fin!" she said, turning an accusing look on the elf next to her. Glorfindel laughed and stood to his feet, rubbing his back. "What? You deserved that." Eleniel grinned, standing up and looking at the warrior who was busy picking leaves and strands of grass off of his robe which he had shed before climbing the tree earlier. "Llie n'vanima ar' lle atara lanneina." Glorfindel turned sharply at that, staring straight into Eleniel's laughing blue eyes. "You better run," he said, chasing after the Peredhil as she took off across the gardens, heading for the Last Homely House. "Where are you getting all these insults?" he shouted as he jogged behind the elleth, knowing he could catch up to her in about three strides but deciding to be nice. For now. "Feredir!" came the slightly muffled response. Glorfindel sighed heavily as he ran, shaking his head. "I should have known." The fire blazed in the Lord of Imladris' study, casting its light around the room and shining on a lone elf who was sat on a chair in front of it, a glass of wine in his hand. His stormy grey eyes were focussed on the orange and yellow and red flames, dancing in the fireplace. Hearing a knock on the door, Elrond lifted his head slightly, eyes never leaving the fire. "Who is it?" he quietly called. "It's Glorfindel, Elrond, and Eleniel," came Glorfindel's voice. The elf lord nodded, even though he knew they couldn't see him, and told them to enter, standing up and placing the glass of red liquid on the table next to his chair. As the two blondes walked into the room, one playing idly with her hands behind her back, Elrond smiled faintly. "Is all well?" he asked Glorfindel, nodding towards his daughter. The warrior shrugged slightly, turning to look at Eleniel. Eleniel hesitated before giving a nod of her head and a smile up to her father. Stepping forward, Elrond reached out and brought the young elf into a hug, placing his chin on top of her golden head (that was getting even more difficult now, considering the fact that she was almost as tall as him!) "I am sorry for embarrassing you like that, tithen fileg, and