Hunters At Heart Disclaimer: I own nothing apart from Eleniel (and Arthion). Everything belongs to the amazing J.R.R Tolkein :) Note: I'm not too good with fics that aren't fluffy, but I decided to give it a go! XD If you haven't read Rivendell's Star: Eleniel is my OC. She is Lord Elrond's youngest child and Elladan, Elrohir, Arwen and Estel's little sister. (In this, Eleniel is the equivalent of a 9-year-old human, and Estel is 14.) I hope you enjoy reading! Reviews make me happy, so… just saying ;) After their mother (Celebrian) sailed to Valinor, the twins more or less vowed to kill every single orc for what they did to her. They'd leave the house without telling anyone and hunt the orcs down, killing them. This was their way of avenging their mother basically, and letting their anger and frustration out. It wasn't nice for their friends or their family because nobody knew how long they'd go for or where exactly they'd go, so everyone was constantly worrying about them getting injured or dying, or even suffering the same horrible fate as their mother… it was horrible really, and I just decided to write this one-shot on what happened when they returned from their 'hunting trip' one day. It wasn't every day the twins went 'hunting', but when they did, it was impossible to try and stop them. Nobody knew when it was going to happen; it wasn't planned. They'd just get up in the night for no apparent reason, grab their horses and go. There was no stopping them, and there was no telling how far they'd go or for how long. Elrond sank down onto a chair and sighed heavily, placing his head in his hands and desperately trying to chase away the disturbing thoughts racing around in his head; he just couldn't help coming up with every possible outcome of this. A knock at his study door interrupted his thoughts. "Enter," he called, tiredness evident in his voice. Once he had discovered that his sons had left 3 weeks ago, he hadn't been getting much sleep at all. He had waited a week to see if they would return in that time, but they didn't, and so Glorfindel took some of his warriors and went in search of them. The balrog-slayer still hadn't returned, which troubled the elf lord even more. Now he had something else to worry about! Looking up, he blinked his storm-grey eyes, surprised when he saw his advisor standing there. "Mellon nin," Erestor said, entering the room and closing the door softly behind him. Elrond stood up from his chair, grabbing it for support when he felt a wave of exhaustion wash over him. The raven advisor rushed forward when he saw his lord's eyes screw shut and his hand fly to his forehead. He put his hands on his friend's shoulders and steadied him, his brow creasing with worry. "Is there any news on Glorfindel or the twins?" Elrond asked, leaning against the elf. Erestor nodded. "Glorfindel sent one of his warriors ahead to tell you that he is on his way home. However, they could not find the twins, or any trace of them." Elrond had let out a relieved sight when he was told that the blond was on his way back. At least there was one less thing to worry about. He had kind of guessed that his sons wouldn't be found. After all, they had been trained by Glorfindel himself. They knew perfectly well how to hide their tracks and how to remain unseen. Not the best for him in times like this… Erestor deepened his frown as he took a proper look at the elf lord. This didn't usually happen. When the young twins previously went off on their 'hunts', Elrond would be alert and giving orders. Sometimes, he'd even go with the warriors to look for them, but not this time. This time had been the last straw. He just couldn't do it anymore. Why can't they understand ? Erestor thought angrily to himself. Why can't they get it in their stubborn little heads that their father can't deal with this anymore. None of us can . The elf lord had lost so many people, including his parents, his brother and his wife. He couldn't cope with losing his sons too. It just simply wouldn't be possible. Deciding that drugging his lord and sending him to sleep for a few hours was probably the best option, Erestor took one of his friend's cold hands in his and put it around his neck so it was better to support him. He was suddenly aware that Elrond was leaning against him even more, and was alarmed to find he was almost asleep where he was stood. Maybe drugging him wasn't needed. "Elrond, I am going to take you to your room now, alright?" Erestor said. Elrond nodded hesitantly and opened his exhausted eyes, standing up straighter. "Yes, but I can walk by myself," he said, drawing his arm back and slowly beginning to walk towards the door. He wouldn't object to sleep; as a healer, he knew it was the one thing he needed right now. Nevertheless, that didn't mean his mind would allow it. It hadn't been allowing it for the past 3 weeks, but he would try to rest anyway. Erester wavered slightly before following him, wondering if the lord of Rivendell had ever actually been this tired. Elrond's room was right opposite the study, so thankfully they didn't have far to go. Nevertheless, they barely made it out of the door before one of the warriors who had been keeping watch for both the twins and Glorfindel came rushing down the hall. He skidded to a halt in front of the two lords and bowed his head, breathing heavily. "Hir nin," he said, "Lords Elladan and Elrohir have arrived home." That was all it took. Suddenly, Elrond felt a newfound energy. He wasted no time in standing tall, removing Erestor's supporting hand on his shoulder and hurrying down the hall. Eleniel sat on her bed, legs crossed, and idly wiped away a tear which was rolling down her cheek. Why did her brothers have to go away? She didn't understand. She hadn't seen much of her father at all for the past 3 weeks, and Estel had isolated himself to his room. Erestor had been too busy looking after Rivendell while Elrond rested, and Glorfindel had just left one morning with a group of warriors, mumbling furiously about 'stupid, selfish elflings.' He hadn't even said good bye. He always said good bye. It was all quite confusing for the young elf really. The twins had done this before, but it hadn't been for quite a while, and so she had forgotten that it ever happened. Suddenly, a knock sounded at her door, and she hastily rubbed her eyes before telling whoever it was to come in. The door opened slightly and Estel poked his head in. The young human smiled faintly at his little sister before walking into the room, leaving the door open. "They're home," he said quietly, though it was loud enough for Eleniel to hear. The elfling widened her eyes and jumped off her bed, pushing past her brother and running down the corridor, not caring that she knew it was one of the house rules not to run inside. That didn't matter now; they were home! Elrond walked out of the Last Homely House and down the steps, a very unreadable expression on his face. The guards stationed outside watched as the lord of Rivendell moved past them. Though he didn't show it, they could tell by the way his tired eyes drooped slightly, the slow pace at which he walked at, and the very worried advisor running behind him, that he was exhausted. They turned their gazes to the two figures riding up on their grey stallions towards them. Their clothes were torn and blood and dirt stained them and their swords, which were tied around their waists. Their horses didn't look as if they had had much rest, and as soon as the twins dismounted and handed their reins to Arthion, the stable master, the elf quickly lead them off, intending to give them a good rub down and plenty of food and water. Elladan and Elrohir's faces were expressionless. They glanced at each other quickly before looking up at their father, who stopped walking once he reached them. Elrond looked at them for a moment, noticing how their normally sparkling eyes were alight with an angry fire that wasn't usually there. "So," he said, drawing their attention, "you decided to come home." Elladan narrowed his eyes slightly. "Yes, we did." "I trust you had a nice time 'hunting'?" "Aye." Elrond sighed. He was too tired for this. He opened his mouth to tell them to wash and then meet him in his study afterwards, but was quickly interrupted. "Dan! Ro! You're home!" The twins looked over their father's shoulder and noticed the elfling running at full speed towards them. They remained silent however, the expressions on their faces not changing one bit. Eleniel slowed her pace a bit when she realised this, and the smile on her lips faltered, but she continued to make her way towards her brothers, not noticing Erestor as he made a grab for her as she passed him. Estel was following at a slower pace, but wisely stopped next to the advisor one he reached him, wincing as he watched his little sister stop next to her father and look up at her brothers. "Are you okay?" the young Peredhil asked, gazing thoughtfully at the twins. Elrohir looked down. "No," he said simply, with an air of growing frustration. Eleniel frowned. "Why?" she asked. "We are not in the mood right now to answer your pathetic questions Eleniel, go away," Elladan snapped, making his sister step back and Elrond place a protective arm out in front of her, his face slowly turning angry. "I am sorry," the elfling whispered. Her brothers had never spoken to her like that before. Had she done something wrong? Behind her, Erestor was fuming, desperately trying to keep his composure and stay still. Did they not care? Did they not care that their father had been so worried that he hadn't been sleeping at all and was now quite possibly ill? Did they not care that their little brother had remained in his room throughout the entire 3 weeks, or that their baby sister hadn't had anyone to talk to or be with because everyone was busy looking for them? Did they not care that Glorfindel and many of his warriors had risked his life and gone out to find them, probably fighting orcs and wargs and all sorts of beasts on the way? No. That was the thing. When they were like this, they didn't care. And it wasn't fair. It wasn't fair on Elrond, or Eleniel or Estel or Glorfindel or himself. It wasn't fair on anyone . Nobody deserved this. But the twins didn't care. They rolled their eyes and moved to walk around their father and towards the house, accidentally bumping into Eleniel in the process. Caught off guard, the elfling stumbled and fell on the ground, her wrist bending back in what looked to be a very uncomfortable way. She let out a gasp of pain before tears began to roll down her pink cheeks and she stood up and ran back towards the house. Everyone held their breaths. Their lord had done well in remaining calm so far, but this was sure to make him burst… Elladan and Elrohir looked at each other, their eyes widening. That hadn't meant to happen! Now they were in even more trouble than they had been before. Elrond turned to his sons, his face now looking angrier than they had ever seen before.