1 Not many people like the dark, they find it threatening but I disagree. For the longest of times there was nothing but the deepest darkness and love, so much love. All I could do was feel and it was wonderful. A touch, for there was a sensation of being held. A sweet smell I strain to remember; A silent cold kiss against my forehead, and a soothing voice that managed to distract me from the urgent yearning that overtook me at times. The thirst. This was all the unpleasantness I knew, it was all the misery I could perceive. Everything else was an enveloping warmth that appeased and pacified me. "Isabella, Isabella." she whispered, her voice was the only sound I ever cared to listen. I knew that word meant me . My thirst was quenched promptly after igniting, with a sweet scented liquid that the arms that held me adoringly provided, so I hardly thought of it until it needed to be satiated again. A world where your needs are met, is a world of happiness. I was happy in this small universe that was my home. One day, however, there was trembling. I was no longer held, which was a common occurrence. Many times I was left alone before being fed again. This time was different, she didn't come back. I was not afraid, merely impatient awaiting for her return. I don't see darkness as threatening. When others think of the dark, they think of fear. I think of home. 2. "I'm on vacation, you know, I don't need this." after hers, that was the first voice I ever heard. A voice that seemed coarse compared to the melodic sound I was habituated to. I was beginning to feel thirsty, and I realized, the cold hard figure that held me snugly by her side was still gone. For a moment I was curious, wondering what the other voices meant, and for the first time, I paid attention to the sounds beyond those I already knew. "It's probably nothing," yet another voice replied and it was as deep and as hoarse as the other one. "Must be some dead animal rotting. Checking it out will give an old woman some peace, Charlie, it'll just take a second." There were other noises, sequential thumps, brushing of fabric, crunching of grass and the sounds of other creatures: buzzing, crawling and more. At that moment I didn't know what the sounds meant, they were all noise to me. "You better get me a beer. I did not come all the way to Phoenix to look for dead vermin." There was a sound, a throaty sound in response to that, the voice was now higher in its pitch as it spoke. There was an emotion to it I did not recognize. My curiosity flared and I paid closer attention. "If it's something cooler than a huge ass lizard, I'll get you a beer." Then an intense interference to my darkness, a loud screech and there was light. I immediately disliked it. It was intrusive, it was blinding, it made everything so sharp and overwhelming. "Oh God!" the second voice whispered. The emotion was repellent this time and I did not like it. I was suddenly uncomfortable. I yearned not to quench my thirst, but to be held again and taken away from the light. "What the fuck?" said the first voice. All sound ceased except for that made by their breaths and two thumping sounds that were persistently rising in cadence. I paid attention to them for a moment, noticing how there was an almost indistinct gushing of liquid that accompanied them. More breathing, a whimper and a loud thump. The sound startled me, I was frightened. "Ernie, call for back up, now!" it was too loud, I started to cry. I could not see anything because of the light, I shut my eyes fiercely. I heard my own cry added to the other noises, it stunned me, too since I had never heard it before. I wanted it to stop but I couldn't help myself. "Ernie! There's something here!" the voice said. Someone approached rapidly and I was too perturbed to pay attention to the sounds around me anymore. Then, I felt someone grabbing me. "It's a... a baby." The first voice said. His warmth and softness was as foreign as his voice. "You're going to be all right. You're going to be fine, honey." The voice repeated over and over again. Whatever was holding me was warm, soft and smelled like the liquid that always satisfied my thirst. I turned towards it. I tried to reach it. I did what I always did, I bit. "Ouch!" the one holding me recoiled. "I guess you're hungry." he whispered, snuggling me closer. "Let's get you out of here." "Charlie, what is that?" the voice was back, the unpleasant emotion bursting in each word. "A baby, Ernie, in the middle of all this. Can you believe it?" he complained. We were moving. I opened my eyes, the need to comprehend what was happening, overcame the dread that hindered my behavior. I could see now, but nothing made sense. I closed my eyes, again. I cuddled closer towards the one holding me, managing to ignore the fragrance emanating from him. I would not feed now. I was too confused. "How many were there, Charlie?" the other voice asked. "I saw two or three. The baby was in a blanket in the back. I didn't even reach the second room, but the stench was strong, there has to be more." I felt his voice vibrating around my body, as well as the thumping that I now understood came from within the one holding me. We stopped moving when we reached a shade. A warm hand touched my cheek. "Who would do something like that?" the other one asked. He was closer and I did not like it. I started crying again. "Shh, shh, honey. It will be fine." He held me closer against him. And I heard something in his voice. An emotion maybe, he was being kind. His warmth went beyond the one I could feel in his body, he was being affectionate to me like the one that held me before him. Regardless of the evident differences, they shared an emotion. I clung to that, the only thing I could recognize. "Whoever it was, they're gone. Let's go wait by the car Ern, I don't want the baby around all of this." It held me closer. I closed my eyes, I was so tired I knew sleep would come soon. I knew I could let go, he would take care of me. 3. Light wasn't so bad once you got used to it. Neither was Charlie, my father. I'd been right to trust him, once he found me he never let go. I was older now and I knew a lot more things, including that I loved him back. We lived in Phoenix. We'd stayed in the city despite the fact that Charlie was not from around here. He was from a place called Forks, in Washington. We did go over there every summer though, and I realized I preferred it to the desert. The woods were beautiful, and Charlie's house was not as secluded. In Phoenix, he'd gotten an isolated property for my sake. Close enough for him to work in town but far enough that my interactions with others were limited. I was different. In a myriad of ways, my dad didn't even know half of it. At first I didn't know, of course, you only notice the peculiarities about yourself once you compare yourself to others. With me it was no different. And like most people, I learned to hide what was not pleasant for others to see. Try as I may, some things were too evident to miss. "Come on Bells, I'm almost done with my second serving and you haven't even touched your food." We were sitting down by the tiny kitchen table, he always came for dinner and I had a meal prepared. This was Charlie's parenting at his greatest, he loved lecturing me on my poor eating habits. I ate two meals a day and they mostly consisted of candy. It wasn't my fault, I only liked sweet things. And even candy couldn't really satisfy my hunger. "I already ate while I cooked dad." I said with a smile an innocent look that usually distracted him. Finding that you can actually charm people into conceding your point was quite the discovery for me. He frowned, apparently I was losing my touch. "Bells, I said I was on board with you being a vegetarian, but you actually need to eat something other than sweets to be one. Don't vegetarians eat that mushy stuff all the time?" I smiled. I became a vegetarian so I could excuse myself from an entire food group. "You mean tofu?" he nodded distractedly as he took a bite of his steak. "Yeah, that's it. And I haven't seen you eat any broccoli either." he disapproved. I whined and put some broccoli on my plate. I took a bite. He grinned widely. We ate in silence for a while. I still could hear everything though, his breathing, the food moving inside his mouth, his heart beating. I was just much better at focusing on what was important and tuning the rest out. "Did you finish your book already?" he asked, always making an effort to make conversation and appear as if he knew what I did when he left for work and I was left behind to do as I pleased. I mostly just read anyway, I never got into real trouble. "Which one?" He usually thought it took me over a month to read every book, which was a tremendous misconception. His brow furrowed in concentration. "The one with the crazy man that talks to a skull?" I had to laugh at that. "Hamlet? I finished it weeks ago. And by the way, I know that that is a cartoon reference." he shrugged and took another bite of his steak. "I got my point across," I rolled my eyes at him. "Bells, I was thinking, you're going to get your middle school diploma soon." I was homeschooled. "And you know, you're older now, you shouldn't have to be stuck in the house all day." "What are you getting at, dad?" I drank some grape juice. No amount of juice or any other drink for that matter seemed to do anything to make me feel less thirsty. I'd given up years ago. "Would you like to go to school in town, with other kids, maybe?" he was anxious. I thought about his proposal, it didn't seem scary. In fact, it seemed exciting. Other people intrigued me. Most of the time I preferred to be alone but sometimes I wanted to go out and talk to someone other than the lady at the library, the man at the bookstore or Charlie. "Would it be ok if I did?" we never actually talked about how different I was, but I had to ask. "Yes. We can lie about your age," I raised my eyebrows, Charlie was usually very compliant when it came to rules. I had to be amused even if it was the wrong sentiment in this serious conversation. "Dad! Look at you! All rebellious and wild. Are we to forget any remnants of respect for the rules that separate us from complete savagery-" he rolled his eyes and quickly interrupted my little speech on morality and wrongdoing. "If you're going to school you better start talking more like a kid and less like an old lady." I laughed. "Don't worry, I'll adapt my vocabulary to their sensibilities. I'll even make an effort to learn some slang. I'll be successfully corrupted by the end of the school year. I might even curse." I winked.