Today started off the same way any other saturday did. I woke up to the beeping of my alarm clock, with a yawn I woke up to face the day. Most people like to sleep in on weekends, but I don't. Unlike most people my age, I go to sleep early on friday nights. Well, on a good night when my window neighbor isn't blasting music, or having a party. Whoever designed the houses in this neighborhood is not the brightest lightbulb. Who would put two windows right beside each other? It wasn't a problem when my old neighbors lived there. My old neighbors were a middle aged couple who only had one child, and when that child went off to college they decided to downsize... then they moved in. Connor and Travis Stoll. And ever since they arrived here, there first mission objective has been to make my life a living hell. Okay, not entirely true. But as time went on, that had become their goal. I remember when they first moved in twelve years ago, like it was yesterday. "Katie! Katie dear, come here!" My dads girlfriend Marisa called out. I really liked Marisa, I hoped that one day she could be my mommy. "Okay, I'm coming!" I called out as I stood up. "I'll be write back, Mr. Withers. Don't drink any tea without meee!" I sang as I skipped out of my room and down the whole, brown braided pigtails swishing from side to side as I did so. "Yes Marisa," I said smiling brightly once I reached the bottom of the stairs. "Come here, look," she said gesturing for me to come closer, pointing out the window. "We have new neighbors and it looks like they have boys about your age." Heat flooded to my chubby cheeks. "Boys are icky Marisa." I squinted my eyes and leaned in to see the boys better. They also had chubby cheeks, but that was the only resemblance we shared. The boys both had "red" messy hair that hung in front of their eyes. I never got why people called it red hair, when it was clearly orange. The boys were laughing amongst themselves at something. They had nice smiles, I mean icky smiles! All boys have cooties! "Especially these boys." Marisa chuckled at me. "I bet you won't think they're so icky in a few years, those boys are going to be gorgeous." The moment after Marissa finished that sentence one of the boys stopped and started looking at us. Our eyes locked for a few seconds and heat flooded into my cheeks and I quickly hid behind Marisa and tried to run away when I bumped into someone. "What was that about gorgeous boys?" The person I bumped into then lifted me up into the air. "Daddy!" I exclaimed giving hugging him. "Hey, princess," he said. "Marisa," he said regarding her with a somewhat cold gaze. "Oh, shut up." She said rolling his eyes giving her a kiss on the cheek. "I was talking about the new next door neighbor's children, who look to be the same age as Katie." "I saw them when I was coming in, I invited them over to dinner." My dad said. "NO!" I yelled heat flooding all over my face. "What do you mean Kate?" Dad asked, his voice filled with concern. "Boys are icky!" I said crossing my arms over my chest. Daddy and Marisa chuckled at me. Daddy put me back down on the ground and said "Katie, they're going to be our new neighbors for a while, you could at least give them a chance, all I'm asking is that you're polite and kind, okay?" "Okay," I said. "Well, I'm going to go cook dinner now, do you want to join me?" Marisa asked smiling kindly. "Okay!" I said happily as I skipped to the kitchen humming all the way, boys from the window long forgotten. Marisa and I had made fettuccine alfredo, with caesar salad and red velvet cake for dessert. "Great job, Katie." Marisa said giving me a high five. "I'm going to run the bath water for you and pick out your clothes." "Okay," I grumble as I mopped up the stairs dreading tonight. I took a quick bath and Marisa dressed me in a white dress that had green trim and cherries at the bottom, with a red cardigan and those frilly lacey uncomfortable dress socks. She also re braided my hair into one four stranded braid and gave me little red cherry stud earrings. "Katie you look adorable!" Marissa squealed engulfing me in a hug. "Thanks," I grumbled. "What's wrong?" Marisa asked. "It's just... I don't want to have dinner with them." I said looking down at me white sock clad feet. "Why? Don't you want to make friends with the boys that are going to be living next door to you?" Marisa questioned in a concerned manner. "I'm not good at making friends," I said wiping my tear filled eyes. "Everyone thinks I'm weird because I like flowers, and plants, and vegetables." "Oh, Katie you'll be fine. I promise, the boys next door looked really nice, I'm sure they won't be mean or tease you, and if they do, we'll just make sure that you don't ever have to eat dinner with the again. Deal," she said holding out her pinky. "Deal," I said wrapping my pinky around hers. "I'm going to get ready now," Marisa said standing up. "Go help daddy set the table." "Okay," I said wiping my eyes some more as I ran down the stairs to go see my dad in the kitchen. "Hi daddy," I sang. "Katie, you look beautiful," my dad said giving me a hug. "I love your earrings." "Thank you," I giggled. My daddy put me down at the same time the doorbell rang. "Looks like our guests are here," he said as I cringed. My dad kneeled in front of me. "Hey, you'll be fine, okay. I know that the kids at school are mean to you, but I'm sure these boys won't be that bad." "Okay daddy," I said taking his hand in mine as we walked to the door. My daddy opened the door and grinned broadly at our new neighbors as I clutched his leg and hid myself behind it. "Hello, my name is Andrew Gardener," he said as he let them our new neighbors inside, I could hear the smile in his voice. Marisa appeared wearing a beautiful blue spaghetti strap dress that reached a little below her knees, some makeup and jewellery, but no uncomfortable socks. No fair, I pouted. "This is my girlfriend Marisa," my dad said putting an arm around her shoulder. "Marisa Colfer," she said shaking everyone's hand (including the icky boy's hands from earlier) she's going to get cooties. "And this is my daughter Katie," my dad said and I finally came out from behind his leg, tucking a loose strand of hair from my braid behind my ear. "Hi," I said shyly glancing at the ground. "Hello," said a woman with straight red hair and brown eyes, she had a warm, genuine, infectious smile, and I couldn't help but smile back at her. "My name is Evelyn Stoll, this is my husband Hermes Stoll," she said gesturing to a man with curly brown hair and blue eyes and a goofy smile. "And these are our sons Connor and Travis." "Hello," they said with toothy grins. I couldn't tell which was which, but one of them was missing one of their front teeth. "Wow, you can hardly tell them apart," my daddy said. "Yup, they're identical twins." Evelyn swooned. "Shall we make our way to the dining room?" My dad asked. "Sure," Hermes said. After dinner the grown ups sent us kids upstairs to watch "Finding Nemo" on vcr. Connor and Travis were talking and laughing amongst themselves as I held my knees to my chest and tried to watch the movie. I had learnt that Travis was the one who was wearing the red vest and Connor was wearing the blue vest. Travis had the loose tooth. "Hey, Kate, do you ever talk?" The one who I believed was Connor asked. "My names not Kate, it's Ka-tie." I corrected. "Isn't that what I said?" He asked. "No!" I exclaimed. "Well sorry," he said smiling sheepishly. "What do you like to do for fun, Katie?" Travis asked. I looked down at my socks. What do I tell them? Do I tell him I like to play with dolls? Or jump rope? Do I tell him I like drawing? Or should I just tell him what my real favourite hobby? My daddy always says it's always best to tell the truth. So that's what I did. "I like to plant flowers," I said looking up into his wide round blue eyes. The both of them smiled. "So should we call you Katie-flower instead?" Travis asked . Travis and Connor Stoll's were my first friends, they were my best friends. Ever since that day we were insufferable. Connor and Travis' room was the one right beside my window so we would always talk, but when they got older their mom said they needed to have separate rooms and they fought over who would get to keep the room next to my window. Travis won the war and that kind of relieved me. Connor is a bit of a man whore. They were really nice when we were younger, but as we got older.. they started to get into practical jokes and pranks, and I was always their target, but that was in the beginning. Now, they simply just test out all their new one's on me. Which means I still get pranked at least once or twice a week, but that beats being pranked three times a day. Even now we all maintain a rock solid relationship, but there also may be some other emotions mixed in their... like.. love? I know it's clique, but I couldn't help but fall for Travis, with his beautiful blue eyes and unruly brown curls, and his corny jokes and ridiculous personality, his dorky attempt at flirting, with that charming smile. How could anyone not fall for him. I sighed pushing my thoughts about him outside of my head. He probably doesn't like me, like that. If anything I think he likes Drew Tanaka, they've been flirting non stop for the last few weeks, or that's what the rumors say. Whenever Drew comes around and starts flirting with Travis I just walk away. I'm not sure if he remembers this, but Drew used to bully me in grades one through five (and kindergarten but he around then), and then for grade six she moved away and now seven years later she's back and after the man that I love. Well... like... I like him a lot . I just couldn't lose him to her. After doing my morning essentials; brushing my teeth, combing my hair, changing my clothes, etc. I was ready to face the day. I had thrown on a pair of light wash skinny jeans, and an old orange t-shirt from my favourite book series, Peter Johnson and the twelve Gods of Olympia, I slipped out of my room to go make breakfast. I poured myself some cornflakes and ate them quickly. I grabbed my gloves, some tools, and my watering can when I was done and went to start gardening. Gardening always calms me down. I once had a teacher, in preschool. Her name was Mrs. Persephone, and she told me that I was a bud that just needed an extra push until I could blossom. I don't think I've blossomed yet, but one day soon I will. I took a break from gardening to go inside and get a glass of water. When I got inside I heard someone knocking at my door. It was 9:36.