April Fools Madness Katie P.O.V My alarm clock went off and I quickly turned it off before any of my other cabinmates could hear it. I read the time 5:00 am. You're probably wondering, why I'm up at 5 a.m? Well I'll tell you, I Katie Gardner, am going to prank Connor and Travis Stoll. Last year during easter, they decorated my roof with chocolate bunnies. Unacceptable. You may also be wondering why I waited a year. Well the reason is, you can't just prank the Stolls. They're the most exceptional pranksters at camp, when you get them your plan has to be well executed, or at least thats the way I think of it. I wasn't planning on actually getting them back though, until last month when they tied all my bras together and replaced them with the camp half blood flag. That probably had to be the single most embarrassing moment of my life. I couldn't bring myself to put any of them on again, I through them all out. I was meeting Lou Ellen, one of my best friends. She was going to help mr prank those wretched Stolls once and for all. I went to the washroom, brushed my teeth and combed my hair (sort of). I would have showered but I didn't want to wake my cabin, so I didnt even change my clothes because I thought that the sound of me getting my clothes would make too much noise. I finally left my cabin, everyone was still sound asleep thank goodness. I put on a watch before I left, it was 5:15 (am) obviously. I don't take that long to get ready. The only girl that would take 12 hours and 15 minutes to get ready would be Drew. Now that you think about it I should be getting her back, not the Stolls, but theres no time for that. Lou and I already have plans. I made my way for cabin 20, where outside waiting was Lou-Ellen and Clovis? "Why is Clovis here?",I asked. "No hi? No good morning? Have you no manners?", said Clovis. He was always so over dramatic, if he wasn't always sleeping he'd fit in perfectly with the Stolls and their lackies. "Good morning Clovis, how are you this fine morning", I said while rolling my eyes. "Rude people like you guys are the reason I sleep all day", he pouted. "Yes, I'm sure we are, Clovis, I'm sure we are", said Lou sarcastically. "What's that supposed to mean?" "Nothing, Clovis, nothing". "Stop doing that!", he protested. Lou just snickered and I suppressed a laugh but it had already spilled over my lips. "Let's just get going", said Lou as we made our way to the Hermes cabin. "Katie, Clovis is here to make sure that the Stolls stay sleeping so that I don't have to waste too much magic energy". "That makes sense", I said, "couldn't you have just said that without being so dramatic?". "I wasn't very appreciative to you and your hostile behavior", he said matter of factly. "Clovis, aren't you missing your beauty sleep by helping us with this?" "This prank is worth more to me than my beauty sleep", he said darkly. "Last month those Stolls stole my special jammies and now my sleep has never been the same". " 'Jammies'", I said snorting in laughter, making air quotes around the word. "Yes", he said unoffended. "What was so special about them?" "They were a gift from my dad, so whenever I wore them I had the to sleep for more than 16 hours without needing to use the washroom or eat food, totally awesome", he said. "Can't you do that always?" "No, the longest I can go without eating is like 10 hour or something", yup he'd fit in just right with the Stolls, a meal is the only thing they'd put before their pranks, "and besides Chiron doesn't let us sleep all day anyways". "Well what a shame that is", mocked Lou. "Okay we're here", I said. "No duh", said Clovis. He's a really crabby person, its a good thing that he sleeps all day. "Clovis go in and do your magic",aid Lou giving him a pat on the shoulders. "You're the witch", he said smirking, while quietly slipping into the Hermes cabin. "I know he didn't just call me a witch", said Lou. "I'm going to kill him". "He practically spends all day being dead already". Lou smirked and I knew it wasn't because of what I'd said. Now that Clovis was gone she could bother me. "So.. your pranking the Stolls for revenge right? No.. other reasons?", I could hear the laughter she was holding in. I decided to play koi, like Drew who was the master of playing koi, because she didn't even have to try. That's what made her so great at it. "Of course that's the reason", I said with a fake smile. "Oh, I was just wondering if maybe this was a your subtle way of getting Travis' attention, but I guess I may be wrong..", she said her smirk growing wider. I could just kill her sometimes and Miranda, if Miranda knew about Travis I bet she would be this way. Miranda is my sister and she reminds me of a daughter of Aphrodite ... like alot. But not the air headed type like Drew. You maybe wondering why I hate her so much, but that's a story for another time. "I don't like him like-", I started but Clovis interrupted me"They're out", he said. "Lets do this thing", said Lou, leaving behind our little dispute. Something told me that that wasn't over yet. Lou and I tiptoed into the cabin, snoring filled my ears immediately. Then I saw him, his gorgeous luscious brown hair, his closed eyelids that held the worlds most beautiful blue behind it, his... waitt what, I'm not having thoughts like this over Stoll. No way in Hades I wouldn't be attracted to him if he was the last child on earth. Yes, child, because thats what he is a stupid, immature, annoying, bas- my mental rant was cut off by someone talking in their sleep. "Kati e", Travis muttered. Schist I've been caught was my first thought. But.. then I realized he was sleeping, why on earth was he dreaming of me, did he torment me in his sleep to? "Oh look Katie, how sweet he's dreaming of you", said Clovis barely containing his laughter. Lou was in the same state. "Just help me get them out", I pleaded. I summoned a vine to wrap around Travis and the vines carefully brought him out the door once we were outside I had the vines lay him down as I paced trying to think of a reason, why in Zeus' name was he dreaming of me. "No, no, Katie, you don't understand", he pleaded. What is wrong with him! I am getting seriously mad now! What on earth could he possibly be dreaming of me, Katie Gardner, for. "My brother loves you, y'know", a voice said. I whipped my head around. Chris. "What?" I asked incredulously, while blushing. "Travis. He's had the biggest crush on you since forever, it's more like an obsession now though, and it's really creepy when you think about it". I must've had a pretty scared look on my face because chris laughed. "Happy April fools", he said. "Oh, you were just joking", I said exhaling in relief. "No, I wasnt", he said and he suddenly got serious, and I suddenly got scared. "Katie, I know my brothers really retarded but, it's just becau-", he was interrupted by Clovis. "We got Conner", he said. "What're you guys doing", asked Chris, his brow furrowing, "Prank, no time to talk ,later", said Lou. "Okay, talk to you later, Katie", said Chris. "And don't tell Travis I told you, he doesn't even know I know, he'd really hate me for telling you". Hmm, Travis likes me? I don't really believe that, he could practically have any girl at camp, but he would choose the one girl who would never like him back in a million years, yeah.. Travis may be stupid, but come on Travis isn't that stupid. Lou used her magic or 'witchcraft' as Clovis would say to lift both Travis and Connor as we walked to the flag pole. I could feel my entire body tingling, revenge is a dish best served cold. Travis P.O.V I woke up to the sound of laughter, were people acknowledging me and Connors epic prank on the Aphrodite cabin. Wait.. We never did pranked the Aphrodite cabin. Then what's everyone laughing at? Then suddenly I looked down and screamed at the stop of my lungs like a little girl, scared out my mind. How dare someone prank me, Travis Stoll the legendary prankster. I don't get pranked. Who could've done this to me, Connor? No he was up here too. Chris? No he was getting the Apollo cabin back for Clarisse. "Connor, who did this", I asked crazily. "Your girlfriend", he said. "Katie?" "Yes". "No way, how do you know". Katie could never pull something like this off, she was way too innocent, and come on now Katie actually getting me back. Don't make me laugh now. "There's vines around the pole", he said annoyed. We were stuck to the flagpole, the freaking camp half blood flag pole. "KATIE ST"- I stopped myself completely embarrassed, I almost called her Katie Stoll. I don't think everyone picked up on it, but I heard some of the Aphrodite cabin voices laugh louder along with some male voices, I could identify a few even this high up. The loudest voices I could identify belonged to Malcolm, Chris, Percy, Jason, Nico and Leo. Connor was even laughing at my slip up. "YES, TRAVIS", she said through a megaphone. "WHAT THE ACTUAL HELL!", I wailed. "PRANKING PEOPLE IS SUPPOSED TO BE OUR JOB, GARDENER. NOT YOURS". "WELL, THAT'S TO BAD THEN, ISN'T IT", she said back through her megaphone. "SUCK IT UP!" "WE'LL GET YOU BACK FOR THIS KATIE", Connor yelled. "I'M SURE YOU WILL, STOLLS, I'M SURE YOU WILL". "WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN", I yelled back. "NOTHING, STOLLS, NOTHING". "WHEN CAN WE GET BACK DOWN", Connor asked. Katie looked down at what I assumed was a watch on her wrist then, then back up at me and Connor. "WELL, APRIL FOOLS ENDS AT NOON, SO YEAH, SOME TIME AROUND THEN", she said and I could hear the smirk in her smug voice. "PLEASE KATIE, I begged. "HAVE MERCY, WE NEED TO EAT". "OH, ARE YOU HUNGRY", said Clovis. "WELL, I HAD TO WAKE UP EVERY MORNING STARVING THANKS TO YOU TWO, NOW IT'S YOUR TURN TO STRUGGLE". Was he seriously still upset about the pajamas? "CHIRON, YOU CAN'T ALLOW THIS TO HAPPEN", Connor said. "THIS IS ABUSE". "NOW, MY DEAR BOYS", started Chiron. "FROM WHAT I CAN GATHER YOU TWO LIVE TO ABUSE, KATHERINE". "WE'RE SONS OF HERMES, ITS WHAT WE DO". "WELL, THAT'S TO BAD THEN ISN'T IT", he said into the megaphone before galloping off. "SEE YOU AT NOON, TRAVIS", said Katie before walking away as well. "I can't believe she took away our favourite holiday", I pouted. Connor chuckled. "What are you laughing at", I said. "Katie Gardner, pranking us. Come on now", he said his chuckling turning into a laughing fit. I soon joined in with his laughing, I think we laughed for at least 5 minutes straight. "Katie Gardner, getting us back", I said between laughs, "priceless". Finally Katie came to let us down, we didn't even say anything to her. Connor and I raced to the dining pavilion. As soon as we entered the room immediately filled with laughter. My hunger had overshadowed the fact that I should be humiliated because I just got pranked by a flower grower. The golden couple walked over. "How does it feel, Travis