My Broken Friend And Me I was walking towards the school. That's when I first saw her, or what was left of her. She was sitting in an orange rusty truck, by herself, all alone. Her head was buried in her sharply bent knees. Her shoulders were shaking. I looked around the parking lot to see nobody gave her a second glance. Nobody was helping her. The bell rang and everybody just walked into school. Nobody caring to see if she was alright or if she needed help. I waited until everyone had left before I walked over to her. She didn't notice me. Most people didn't though. I couldn't leave her there, so I tossed my ukulele into the bed of the truck before climbing in myself. I waited for a few seconds to see if she noticed. She didn't. I sat down next to her. She didn't move. I furrowed my brow as she just kept crying. I'm not good at comforting people. To be honest I didn't know why I cared. But I didn't like seeing people cry. Unless it was happy tears. Happy tears are the best kind of tears. I sighed before I picked up my ukulele and began to strum it, hoping she'll find comfort in it and stop being so sad. Her crying stopped. She looked up at me. Her brown eyes filled with so much sorrow it hurt me to look at them. She stared at me as I sang and played for her. She tried to understand why I was doing this. I whispered the last part of the song to her. I nudged her shoulder with mine. Her lips turned up a fraction at my poor attempts to cheer her up. I grabbed her hand and pulled her up I jumped out of the bed of her truck. I turned around and waited for her to do the same. I grabbed the car keys from her hand and pushed her into the passenger's seat. I rushed around the orange beast before hopping into the car. I drove out of the parking lot. "Where are we going?" she asked me, not really caring that I had basically kidnapped her. I looked at her and shrugged my shoulders before giving her a beaming smile. I drove down to La Push, towards the beach. I always go to the beach when I'm feeling down. "The beach?" I nodded my head at her before shutting off the engine and jumping out of the car. I rushed around to her side before opening her passenger door. I pulled her out of the car and dragged her towards the sand and waves. I pulled out my trusty ukulele and began to sing her to again. I jumped around her as I sang to her an upbeat and very rude song. She let out a small laugh at my silly antics. I grinned at her victorious as I realized I made her laugh. She rolled her eyes before she danced around with me. I tossed my ukulele to the side before I grabbed her hands and began to do a poor imitation of the waltz. She was laughing so hard, tears were streaming down her face, the kind of tears I wanted to see fall. We both fell to the ground laughing at ourselves. I stood up and I offered her my hand to help her stand. She smiled at me with a mischievous twinkle in her eye before grasping my hand and pulling down onto the sand. We giggled as we tumbled around. After we had calmed down she turned to me. "My name's Bella," she whispered to me offering me a half smile. I smiled at her. "What's yours?" I placed my index finger to lips. It's a secret. I stood up and make my way to the ocean. I looked back at Bella before I jumped in. I rose to the surface sprouting water from my lips like a fountain then I made a clucking sound while imitating a chicken trying to get her to laugh again. I liked Bella. She didn't question why I didn't talk but could sing. She was a nice girl. I didn't know what made her cry and look so sad and hollow on the inside but I was going to do my best at cheering her up even if it kills me. We stayed there for hours while I did my best to cheer her up. Until Bella noticed the time and said she had to go home. I grabbed my ukulele and hopped into the passengers side. We drove in silence to her house. The happy atmosphere seemed to slip away as Bella began to recede into a shell of herself. The numbness began to creep back into her eyes. I didn't like it. I didn't like to see her in so much pain. I didn't know what had caused it, but whatever it was... it had to be devastating. She has the same eyes as someone who just lost everything. The sorrow in her eyes made me feel so helpless as I watched her slowly spiral into despair. I didn't know what to do to snap her out of this. And it killed me inside to know I can't help her. An idea suddenly popped into my head. I grabbed mu ukulele and began to sing again. A small smile creeped up on her face as I began to sing again. I liked seeing her smile, she should do it more often. She laughed with me at our silliness. I screamed the lyrics as Bella began to laugh harder. I like making Bella laugh. We drove into Forks, leaving La Push behind. People stared at us as we passed them, but we didn't care. By the time Bella pulled up into her driveway we were both hysterical. We both stumbled out of the car into her house. We were still laughing as we staggered into the living room, scaring the hell outta Chief Charlie Swan. "H-hi d-dad!" Bella managed to say between her giggles. "Can..." she looked at me still not knowing my name. "...she sleepover tonight?" I gave him a beaming smile before offering my hand to him. He gave me a firm shake. "I guess that's okay," he eyed me and Bella hesitantly. Probably wondering if we were both high. After dinner Charlie seemed to warm up to me... and my ukulele. Now Bella and I were sitting on her bed. She told me the gist of what happened last year. She told me how she was accepted into the Cullen family and how they left her without a word a few days after her birthday. "I can't believe I'm spilling everything to you and I don't even know your name. What is your name?" I blinked at her before picking up my ukulele and began playing her a song. She frowned at me when I began to play. My name was in the song. I hope she could figure it out. I've never been able to communicate with people so instead I did it with song. I don't talk because I don't know the right words. But all the words are there in song. I don't have any friends besides Bella. No one wanted to play with the mute girl. Bella is the first one to treat me like I'm normal. I didn't want to lose her. I liked making her smile and laugh with me... or at me. They hurt her so much. But I was determined to fix her. I would not give up on her. At the end of the song a light bulb went off on the top of Bella's head. "Your name's Summer?" I shook my head. She frowned at me before asking, "Sadness?" I nodded my head. She blinked in shock. "That is so... wrong," she whispered. "Who named you?" I picked up a notepad and pencil from her desk and began to sketch out an ant. I handed it to her. "Your aunt named you?" I nodded my head. "Why did she call you sadness?" I took the notepad and pencil back. Because I made her sad. I wrote to her. "How did you do that?" I killed my mother in childbirth. When my aunt looks at me she's see her sister. So she named me Sadness because I make her feel sad. I handed Bella the notebook back. She frowned when she read it. I glanced at the clock. 11. I waved to Bella as I got up from her bed and laid down on the floor tugging the blanket over me. "Goodnight... Sadness," she whispered before turning out the light. She was asleep in seconds. "Goodnight Bella." I mouthed to her sleeping form. I hadn't talked in so long, that I think I've forgotten how to now. A few hours later, I bolted upright in a panic. Someone was screaming. It was Bella. I jumped up ran to her side. I tried to shake her awake but it didn't help. She was screaming and thrashing about in the bed. I looked towards the door when I heard it open. Charlie was standing there looking heartbroken as his daughter continued to scream. I looked between Bella and my ukulele. Maybe my singing will help her. I grabbed my ukulele by its neck and began to strum it, praying this would work. Her screams started to die down, turning to whimpers instead. She stopped struggling and started to relax against the bed. Her whimpers died down until there were no more. The fear on her face began to diminish, inch by inch. Her breathing evened out as she began to fall back asleep. My voice became no louder than a soft murmur as I ended the song. I let out a sigh of relief once she was completely under sleep's spell. Poor Bella wakes up every night screaming. That's why she looks like the walking dead. Charlie thanked me quietly before he went back to bed himself. So there I stayed, by her side, the whole night, chasing the bad dreams away with my ukulele. And I would do it all again in a heartbeat if it meant Bella wouldn't wake up in the middle of the night screaming. Because that's what friends do for each other. Before I knew it we were hanging out every single day and night. My aunt didn't care where I was as long as I wasn't with her. So I spent every night at her house singing to her, trying to chase the bad dreams away. I could see that Charlie was grateful for what I was trying to do for his daughter. I gave Bella a worried look as she marched towards her truck determined to see Jacob. She had told me how Jacob made her feel better than suddenly he just dropped off the face of the earth. I hesitantly climbed into the orange truck after Bella. Besides the little sounds my ukulele would make when I would be tuning it, the drive was relatively silent. I swallowed nervously as we approached the little red house. I could see what appeared to be a half naked Jacob marching out of the house. He glanced at the truck with a sneer on his face before he turned and started to walk towards the forest. "Jake! Hey!" Bella hollered to him as she climbed out of the truck and into the pouring rain. She walked towards him determined to get some answers. I watched their confrontation from my spot on the passenger's seat. I could see harsh words being thrown in Bella's direction and I didn't like it one bit. I didn't want to leave Bella alone with him but at the same time I wanted to give them their privacy. After a few minutes I grew increasingly uncomfortable with the pain on Bella's face. I stepped out of the