Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. To Neverland Five year ago: We entered the hotel room laughing. He kicked the door closed, and his hands grabbed my hips then pushed me against the door. His warm, smooth lips attacked mine, and I could smell and taste the bitter taste of alcohol on his tongue. I pushed him lightly, leaving my hand on his firm chest. "We should stop. You're drunk." I told him gently. His hooded green eyes were glazed over, and he grinned seductively. "Please, Baby. This was my big night. I want to make it even more special by celebrating it with you." His hands slid from my waist and grasped my ass, pulling me into his growing erection. " I don't know…" my resolve wavered as my mind grew clouded with lust. We made love many times before, but never with one of us drunk. " Please," his warm breath tickled under my ear as he trailed soft kisses down my neck to my collarbone. My breath hitched when he sucked gently on the tender flesh near my pulse point. He rhythmically rubbed against my center, and I started throbbing with desire. " Yes," I moaned with pleasure. I felt his lips curve into a smile against my skin. I heard his pants drop as he lifted me up off the floor. My legs wrapped around his waist, ankles locking together against his back. He pushed at the fabric of my strapless dress until my breasts popped out. His lips trailed further down so he could feast on one and then the other. His tongue swirled around my nipples teasingly before he gently sucked them into his mouth. I clutched on to him pulling him tighter to me. My fingers wove through his thick bronze hair. I tugged on it until I was able to pull his lips back to mine. He kissed me hungrily, and his tongue slipped into my mouth and twisted around mine as they dance together in their own sensual way. With a gentle, but quick push, he entered me, and I moaned as he began to sensually move. The door rattled behind me with our increasing speed, and I gasped his name, tugging on his hair, my toes curling as I clenched around him. With one final thrust, I felt him come deep inside me. He pulled back, rested his forehead against mine as we both tried to catch our breath. His free hand cupped my face gently, allowing his thumb to caress my cheek. "I love you so much, Bella. Always and forever, never doubt that." His green eyes were filled with so much love and devotion. SG Today: Stories appear in the news all the time about a child's last wish being granted. Most want to go to Disney World. Others want to have a day where they can be what they wanted to be if they were allowed to grow up — such as a fireman. Then there are those kids who want to meet a celebrity — like Joe Brady, Chris Pine, or Taylor Swift. Not my son. My son had only one wish — to meet his dad. I knew who his dad was, but he made it clear he wanted no contact since Peter was the size of a grape in my womb. I last saw him when he signed the papers relinquishing his rights as a parent before he went off to live his life far away from us I watched as my son slept restlessly in his hospital bed while attached to an IV, a heart monitor, and an oxygen tank. He looked so small and pale — his Peter Pan PJs too big for his tiny form. His lips were tinged slightly blue, and he had dark shadows under his eyes. His bronze hair was cut short. He clutched his small stuffed crocodile in his arms. Peter was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect at birth. In his four short years, he has had several surgeries — for a heart catheter, and when that did work open heart surgery to repair holes in his tiny heart. However, even after all of this, his heart was still failing. My baby needed a new heart soon, or I was going to lose him. "Hey," my brother called quietly as he stepped into the room. He glanced at the bed and gave Peter a sad smile. Even my strong, optimistic brother was struggling to keep his positive outlook these days. "How's he doing today?" he whispered, placing two duffle bags down in the room. "I wish I could tell you better, but that would be a lie." I shook my head and leaned over to wipe some wisps of hair off Peter's forehead. "The doctor was in … He said … A few days maybe a week." My lower lip trembled, and my eyes watered. "Fu…dge," Emmett quickly caught himself as Peter's eyes blinked open. I brushed the tears from my eyes and forced a smile. I refused to let Peter see my tears. "Fudge? I want fudge." His little voice rasped rough with sleep. "I don't know, are you allowed to have fudge?" Emmett teased. I knew he would give in to Peter. We all wanted to see him happy for the short time he had left. "Pwease," Peter pouted. "Let me give Auntie Rosie a call, and I'll bet she will be happy to bring you some." Emmett pulled out his phone. I cleared my throat to remind him he wasn't allowed to use it in here. "Right." He nodded and turned it off before he slipped it back into his pocket. "Did you bring Peter Pan?" Peter asked sounding more awake now. "I did, in fact; I brought every copy I could find." Emmett pulled several DVD cases out of his bag and placed them on the bed. Peter ironically loved everything to do with Peter Pan. He pointed to one of the colorful cartoon covers, and Emmett went over to place it in the player. Within minutes, Peter was engrossed in the movie. Emmett nodded his head towards the doorway, and I followed him out, leaving the door open so I could hear Peter if he called for me. "B, I don't how to tell you this, but I received some more bad news." Emmett grimaced and ran his hand through his hair. "What?" I was almost afraid to ask. What more could go wrong? "When I went to your apartment, your stuff was out in the lobby, and there was eviction notice on the door," he explained hastily. "That can't be right! I was only a day late last month. Aro said it was no big deal and not to worry. And the rent isn't due until next week." I started to panic. "I went to talk to him. He seems to think that with all your recent medical expenses, and since you were fired, you wouldn't be able to pay," Emmett explained. "But I still had another week, at least. Isn't he supposed to give me warning, or some shit like that? How did he find out I lost my job?" I rubbed my temples, in frustration. When Peter ended up in the hospital, I asked for some time off from the store where I was working. They responded by telling me to take all the time I needed — in other words, I was fired. Thankfully, Emmett's friend, Jasper, was a lawyer and he fought back and got me a severance package. "Jasper is already on it. Unfortunately, I was unable to get there before scavengers went through your things. What I was able to save is in those two bags and a couple of boxes in my car." Emmett frowned apologetically. "That's all of it?" I mumbled my head was still trying sort it all out. "I'm so sorry, B. All your electronics, furniture, Peter's toys and stuff animals. All of it's gone." Emmett cringed. "What about my pictures, the ones of Peter as a baby , please tell me that I haven't lost those?" I begged. "There were some picture frames and albums left behind. Aro won't get away with this, B. I promise." Emmett reached out and squeezed one of my limp hands. "Don't worry; you can stay with Rose and me until you get back on your feet. This is the last thing you need to worry about it right now, let us take care of it." I hugged him and hid my tears in his shirt. "Oh, Em, I don't know what I would do without you guys. I'll pay you all back someday — I promise." I sniffled. "Aww, B, don't cry. I hate it when you do that." He rubbed my back. "You don't have to pay any of us back. You would do the same if it were one of us." "He's still asking to meet his dad. I tried to call him, but that bitch answered and told me to stop harassing them," I mumbled. "You know how I feel about that," Emmett answered tersely. I felt him tense, there was no love lost between Peter's dad and my brother. I pulled away and wiped my tears. "I had to try. It's what Peter wants the most. The guy I fell in love with, he would be here if he knew. That guy has to be there somewhere inside of him, I know it does." "Bella, you are fooling yourself … The guy is nothing but a prick now. Peter is better off not knowing him. If you didn't tell him such wonderful stories about his dad, he wouldn't want to meet the guy." Emmett crossed his arms over his chest. He glanced towards Peter to make sure he wasn't listening. "What was I supposed to say — that has dad was a jerk who found out about him and then left us?" I asked in exasperation. I didn't want Peter to feel his rejection. "I don't know. I swear though if that bastard shows his prissy face, I'm going to make it hideous. Then let's see how many movie roles he gets." Emmett growled. TN I stepped into the waiting room for Jasper's office. I hated to be away from Peter for even a minute. However, Jasper insisted that it was important, and that I come down. He promised it wouldn't take long. I stopped short when I noticed who was sitting in a chair looking out of place in the waiting room. Charlotte Stars. She was dressed as if she should be at a movie premiere. She spotted me at the same time, and her cat-like eyes narrowed. "Are you stalking us?" she asked in high-pitched nasal voice. Before I could answer, the office door opened. Edward 'Fucking' Cullen, Peter's father, walked out. He was dressed in an impeccable black suit with sunglasses … indoors. "No, I have a meeting with Jasper; I had no idea you would be here," I answered her honestly. Edward looked at me and seemed pissed. "Why haven't you called to tell me about our son being so sick?" he demanded angrily. "I think you mean my son , since you wrote him off before he was born. And for the record, I have tried to reach you several times. Don't blame me if your answering service doesn't give you your messages." I glanced quickly at Charlotte, who had risen to her feet. Charlotte blocked my path to Edward with her hands on her hips. "He is busy. Edward's time is worth a lot of money that can't be wasted on trivial matters. Or those looking for money for a charity case." "My son isn't a charity case. And I was speaking to Edward. Unless, he has become a ventriloquist, and you're his dummy, he can answer for himself." I hissed at her