Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Soundtrack/inspiration- "Travelin' Soldier" by the Dixie Chicks A Soldier's Coming Home Forks, WA August, 1971 He stepped through the door, barely noticing the tinkling of the bell as he took a deep breath of the fresh homey scents. Apple pie, roast beef, and he could swear he could smell that chocolate cake taunting him from the front counter. It was just as he leaned over to lift the glass lid on the cake plate that she stepped through the swinging door from the kitchen, wiping her hands on her apron as she reached up to brush a strand of hair that had escaped from her ponytail. He looked up, embarrassed at being caught, but the words he was going to say died on his tongue as he met her warm brown eyes. She took in the crisp green uniform and hat pulled down low over long blond curls, wondering what made this new recruit get off the bus here in Forks instead of continuing on to Seattle or Portland. With his sun-kissed skin and sky blue eyes he certainly was a looker. At that thought, her face heated up with a blush and she lifted her hand to press at her warm cheeks, finally finding her tongue. "Hi. Welcome to Forks Diner. Can I get you something?" He sat down on the barstool across from her, unable to keep his hands away when he noticed a light trail of flour streaked across her beautiful pink cheek. He reached up to gently wipe it away with his thumb, smiling as he did so. "Sure thing, darlin'. I'd like a big ol' slice of this chocolate cake here." Her heart sped as she heard his slow drawl, so different from the voices she was used to hearing every day. She wanted to ask him where he was from, what his name was, and so many other things. But between her natural shyness and the uniform he wore that showed his destination, she simply nodded and went to cut a slice of cake for him. He frowned slightly when she didn't respond to his natural charm as other girls had, and he was surprised to find that he was actually a little hurt. He wanted this girl to like him, but he had no idea why it was so important. He waited until she set the cake down, and he covered her hand with his before she could pull away. Ducking a bit to catch her eye, he smiled again, noticing the way her eyes drifted down to his lips. "Thanks so much, Bella," he said, after checking her nametag. "Now do you think you can sit down here with me while I enjoy this?" Bella stuttered, caught off guard by his apparent interest, but the bell over the door jingled again and she shook her head in regret. "I'm sorry, I can't right now." He looked so disappointed that she couldn't help but add, "But I get off in an hour—if you want to go somewhere else?" His answering smile lit up the dreary café, and she couldn't hold back a grin of her own. "I'd love that, darlin'," he told her. "My name's Jasper, by the way." She kept glancing his way as she worked the rest of her shift, not even noticing the knowing looks of the loggers at the back booth or the jeers from her school classmates. She couldn't get over the fact that this handsome boy noticed her ! Nobody ever noticed Bella. Everyone's attention was always on her sister, Rose, of course. She was the beautiful cheerleader who had inherited their mother's long blonde hair and flawless body. Growing up in Rosalie's shadow, Bella was just the mousy younger sister, with their father's brown eyes and hair. She was quiet and studious, but cute in her own way. Jasper, however, thought she was the prettiest girl he'd ever seen. He wanted to spend a little time with her before he had to turn himself over to the government. When her shift was over, Bella rushed to hang up her apron and try to straighten her clothes a bit before hurrying back out to meet Jasper at the counter. She was surprised to note that when he stood, she only came up to his shoulder. Jasper let her lead the way out the door, keeping his hand gently at the base of her spine to guide her. He'd rather put his arm around her and pull her close to his side, but he figured he better give her time to warm up to him. She seemed so bashful; it didn't appear she had a lot of experience with boys. Bella led him to the pier across the street, thinking they could look at the river and watch the seagulls playing overhead. She hoped he would think of things to talk about because conversation was not her strong suit. It seemed completely natural for him to take her hand as they stepped out on the weather-beaten wood, only letting go long enough to shrug out of his jacket when she shivered as the wind picked up. Jasper was cold, being from Texas and all, but he would have to get used to being uncomfortable, and holding hands with a pretty girl who was wearing his jacket seemed like a good place as any to start. As they gazed out over the water, he found himself opening up to her in a way he never had before. He told her about his family—his parents would be struggling on the farm with his brother Peter home injured and Jasper off to fight in his place. He talked about how Peter's wife, Charlotte, had offered to drive him down to Mexico before his birthday, but he couldn't deal with the shame of dodging the draft that way. "I'm sorry," he said with a bitter laugh. "You probably don't want to hear all this. I'm sure you have friends you'd rather be with right now." Bella reached up and cupped his cheek, a thrill rushing through her at the feel of his light stubble against her tender skin. "Jasper, there's nowhere else I'd rather be." She let out a squeak when he leaned over and pressed his lips to hers, but she found herself responding quickly as he pulled her closer. His hands roamed over her body, sure and steady, while her own were shaking as she reached up to tangle her fingers in his soft curls. Her eyes were wide with innocence when he finally pulled away and asked her if she'd like to come with him to his room for the night. He knew he had to catch the first bus in the morning to make it to California on time, but, more than anything, he really wanted just one night with this beautiful girl. Bella followed him down the road to the only motel in Forks, glancing around furtively to make sure no one witnessed where she was going. She breathed a little easier once Jasper closed the door, though her nerves picked up when she saw the way he was looking at her. "Um, I need to call my house and let my dad know I won't be home tonight," she stuttered out, wringing her hands as she began to have second thoughts about the wisdom of accepting his invitation. "Hey," Jasper murmured as he stepped close and took her trembling hands in his. "We don't have to do anything you don't want to do. No pressure here, sweetheart." She relaxed a bit more as he pulled her close to his chest for a gentle hug, but the feel of his firm body against hers began to excite her in a completely different way. She took a deep breath and peered up at him from beneath her lashes, looking completely sexy without even trying. "Believe me," she said quietly, but firmly, "I want to." Jasper watched as she slipped to the phone on the wall and dialed the familiar number to her home, praying that her father would answer. Of course, with her luck it was the bored tone of her older sister instead. "Um, hey, Rose. It's me" " What do you want? And why aren't you home yet?" Bella sighed and Jasper didn't miss the way her shoulders curled in defensively. "Look, Rose, can you just give Daddy a message for me? Tell him I'm staying the night at Angela's, okay?" " Whatever. You know he's working the night shift. What am I supposed to do now?" Bella's anger made a rare appearance, and Jasper had to stifle a laugh as she stamped her foot on the shag carpet. She was sick and tired of everything revolving around Rosalie and her needs. Bella had needs too. "I don't care what you do, Rose. Go stay at Emmett's house, or with Tanya. Hell, spend the night alone like you've made me do since I was twelve!" Bella startled herself by hanging up the phone on her sister. She sat there staring at the handset in shock, until Jasper came up behind her and began to softly kiss her neck as he ran his hands down her arms. "Everything okay?" he asked when she turned back to face him. She just nodded, and then surprised him by rising up on her toes to kiss him. He groaned as he pulled her soft body against him, needing the contact and comfort as the evening slipped into night. As eager as he was, he didn't want to rush either. He wasn't the kind of guy to jump into bed with just anyone, and he knew that night—that sweet moment—was probably his last chance at something meaningful before the Army would own him. He had no interest in a meaningless fling, but Bella really seemed like the kind of girl he could bring home to his momma someday. Bella had no idea what she was doing, but there was no way she was going to tell Jasper. She'd kissed a few boys from school, most never going farther than that out of fear of her police chief father. She didn't have any guidance in the romance area, other than what she and her friends whispered about in the school bathroom or at their slumber parties. Her mom wasn't around to talk to or ask advice from. She had taken off when Bella was just two years old, leaving both her daughters in the care of their father. He had said she was a free spirit, and he couldn't hold her back anymore. Rosalie was a decent sister, but she didn't have any maternal feelings toward the younger girl, and she resented every bit of the responsibility her father foisted off on her when he was at work. So Bella was pretty much running on instinct there in that dingy motel room. Jasper reached up and untied the ribbon that was tied around her thick ponytail. He let her hair fall down around her shoulders, using his fingers to separate the wavy strands gently—almost reverently. Bella felt her body heat at his attention, and her breath stuttered when he reached for her hand to lead her over to the bed. Bella leaned up to meet his kiss, melting into his touch as his hands began to move over her body. He held her eyes as he unbuttoned her dress, smiling fondly at the blush that heated her pale cheeks. Her breathing hitched as he slipped the dress from her shoulders, followed quickly by her bra. She looked up at him in awe, standing there in nothing but her plain white cotton panties. His light blue eyes darkened as he looked down at her, ducking his head to kiss her once more as he urged her to lie back on the bed. It was her turn