Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. ~:~ When I was twelve, I had my first boyfriend. Chances slim to nothing, it was someone I initially didn't want to be with. Edward Cullen. I hated him since third grade, He was the quiet kid. He barely spoke in class, but around his friend, he was talkative. One summer before third grade, his whole personality changed. The quiet demeanor disappeared. His outgoing attitude became a permanent fixation. Apparently, being brave made him unafraid to pick on me. He embarrassed me by pushing me in the mud, post rainy day in front of all our classmates during recess. "I hate you!" he screamed through my tears. "You four-eyed girls are nothing but bitches!" He was mean for an eight-year-old. Whatever happened that summer, it stripped away the shyness he used to have. Since that day, I couldn't stand to be around him. Teachers always paired us up together for assignments. As soon as they could sense our intense dislike for each other, they'd try anything to get us to make up. We didn't. What it took was a kiss in seventh grade. We were at Paul's house for a robotics social. Wanting to spice things up, Paul suggested we play truth or dare. I still wore glasses then, but for a "four-eyes chick," I wasn't a social outcast. My classmates said I'm pretty with or without them. It was Leah's dare. She wanted to push our hatred for each other to a point where he'd refuse to kiss me and be called a coward. He did the dare. My eyes were wide open in shock when I felt his lips pressed against mine. I was ashamed to admit there were the over exaggerated fireworks for a first kiss. When the game ended and we headed home, he walked next to me and made a confession. " I kissed you because I like you." " I thought you hated me." " No. I hate blond girls with glasses." " Ummm... I'm blond and I wear glasses." " I know. Past that, you're pretty cool." That's how the hatred faded. He only hated me because I reminded him of Tanya, a girl that bullied him when he was at summer camp. He took out his pent-up anger on me. We talked through it. But we didn't go from enemies to friends. Friendship came later. In the middle, we pushed for a relationship. Obviously, it didn't work out. It ended in one month. It came down to rushing into things. Realizing our feelings abruptly, we failed to attempt to warm up to each other as friends before being a couple. The relationship was awkward. There were too many uncomfortable silent moments when we were alone. When we had disagreements here and there, it actually made me happy. Besides the kissing, I wondered if what we had was worth letting on. "I can't be with someone I'd want to be away from when we're together." He understood. He felt the same way. Friendship was easier afterward. We promised if things were better later on and we still had feelings for each other, we'd try again. If only it were that easy. ~:~ ~:~ ~:~ At thirteen, my second boyfriend cheated on me. It was someone I trusted. Jasper Whitlock. I met him in sixth grade in Mr. Shim's math class. Like Edward, he was a quiet person in class but talkative around his friends. Minus the personality shift, I didn't pay much attention to him until eighth grade. We were classmates for four out of seven of my classes. In science class, we sat next to each other. We started talking more when it became a daily routine to correct each other's worksheets. I learned bits and pieces of his personal life. His older sister was in the air force. He chewed gum before any test. He played basketball at the local playground when we needed to be alone. Every day, I asked him a random question. He answered them. I did too. We had things in common. With quirky personalities, we clicked. We went from acquaintances to friends. At the Valentine's Day dance, he pulled me in for a slow dance. "I don't know how to slow dance." "So do I." "Then why are we doing this?" "Because we'll learn together." So I danced with him. Edward gave me a thumbs-up when he saw us, slow-dancing with another eighth-grader. I didn't care that I kept stepping on his toes. We smiled and laughed through it. I developed a crush on him over the last few months. I looked at the signs. It seemed as if he might be interested in me too. I'm like that. I read people. I'm good at it. It's how Vera, Emily, Seth, and I became best friends. After the slow dance, I pulled him aside and asked him out. He said yes. We went on two dates before he asked me to be his girlfriend. By then, my crush felt like nothing. I was falling for him. This time, I didn't rush into things. Everything came naturally. We treated each other like we were as friends. As a couple, those moments strengthened with the addition of romantic gestures. Kissing. Hugging. Taking turns paying for dates. Buying each other inexpensive gifts here and there. The student body thought we were a cute couple. Blonde and blonde. It felt perfect. I should have known perfection doesn't describe a seemingly perfect relationship. Bliss came crashing down with doubts. As much as I was happier being with him than Edward, I suspected he wasn't being entirely truthful. I wasn't getting the best vibes from his best friend Alice. When he's not with me, he's with her. I get that they're best friends. I didn't want to be the girlfriend preventing her boyfriend from hanging out with his friends. I was understanding. That costed me. As honest as I can be, finding honesty back isn't one hundred percent obtainable. Alice was his best friend. My paranoia of her and him being more than friends should have led me to the truth sooner. I should have followed my instincts. Days before our six-month anniversary, I caught them. In public. Riding my skateboard to school. Witnessing them make out at the field behind the locker room. My instant anger. The betrayal. The refusal to believe the truth. " Are you kidding me?" "R-Rosalie! I can explain!" " No... there's no need. That's all I needed to see." That was our place. He'd take me there during lunch when he wanted to steal a kiss away from our friends. Cynthia, Alice's other best friend, told me the truth a few days later. They'd been seeing each other behind my back for weeks. It started somewhere around three months since we started dating. "She always loved him. I warned her that Jasper likes you, but she wouldn't listen. Turns out, he loved her too. They thought they had unrequited feelings before you came along." Alice didn't listen. But he did. He picked her over me. Never did I believe I'd be on the bitter end of a cheating escapade. I wasn't mad about the kiss. I was mad about the affair itself. I was mad about how long he kept it a secret. So, we indirectly broke up. Instead of talking it out, we changed our Facebook relationship status into "Single." I did. His changed into "In a relationship with Mary Alice Brandon" a week later. I stayed out of the drama. I let the pity sink in. Students took my side while he and Alice walked around school holding hands, scornfully glaring at them when they walked past. Edward even punched him on the face for me. "No one hurts my girl!" My girl, as in "the girl I'll do anything to protect." With the exception of Edward and Seth, I resented all boys after him. I was pissed off. I dyed my hair black, unhappy how my long golden blonde locks radiated happiness. I wasn't happy. Did this ever happened to a girl at thirteen? Ever? ~:~ ~:~ ~:~ At fourteen, my third boyfriend left me. Well... he wasn't my boyfriend. But he was my crush. Jacob Black. We met during club rush on my first week of high school. My friends and I agreed to join Key Club, but I wanted to sign up for one more club. He was a sophomore, the secretary of the Pacific Asian and Affairs Council. His face was vaguely familiar, one of my classmates in Japanese 1. " Join PAAC!" " Give me one good reason why." " Do you like Asia?" " Does being an otaku count?" " Yeah! By the way, I'm an otaku too." For a pretty girl, I had a nerdy side. I changed in high school. Along with the black hair, I switched my glasses for dark blue contacts to match my eyes. Boys flirted with me. I flirted back, but not enough to hint I'm interested in them. Give them what they want without subjecting myself to dating. If they wanted more, I always had Edward by my side. He wasn't one of them. He didn't flirt. It was easier for us to become friends. Though I didn't trust boys, I didn't mind putting any in the friend zone. Recognizing me from club rush the following day in Japanese 1, he started talking to me. He helped me adjust to high school. He fended off male attention from upperclassmen. He made me love PAAC. He was the ideal friend. No one cared a sophomore enjoyed hanging around a freshman. There were perks of both of us being hot. Months passed. By the end of first semester, I thought I'd go through one year without boy trouble. It would have been if I didn't develop a crush on him. Spring started. While I watched people around me fall under flu season, I tried to find a present for his 16th birthday. Vera gave me the idea. " What do you think he'd like?" " Jake's your friend. You know him well." " But... what if he won't like what I give him?" " Rose, it's Jacob Black. When has he not like what you do for him?" He was appreciative. He liked every little gesture I'd do for him. It's what friends do. I bought him two packs of starburst, a bar of Hershey's, and a jar of chocolate wafers. He had a sweet tooth. He'd be the first one to share sugary snacks to during recess when I brought them to school. He loved it. In our physical science class, we split starburst pieces from one of the packages. I took all the yellow starbursts. He hated them. He didn't like the color yellow. Somewhere, in our own little bubble, his smiles took my breath away. In a cliche romantic moment, I realized I liked him. The feeling was absolute the next day. His looks finally got to me. I understood why freshman girls were jealous about my friendship with him. What should have been uncomfortable became the opposite. Crushing was okay. What wouldn't have been wass if he felt the same way. I wasn't ready to be involved in another relationship. Jasper and Alice were happily in love. I still couldn't stand seeing the happy couple. It disgusted me. The final term progressed, and so did my feelings. Whether or not he saw them, it didn't change the way he treated me. It was his signature trait. He treated everyone with fairness, friends and strangers alike. Not me. I treated people to reflect my relationship with them. In May, my bad luck returned. " What's up?" " I have something to tell you." " Is it something bad?" " Rosalie, I'm moving away." In two months, he was moving to Europe. His dad's