Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Binding Lies Present Day: The moment I step into the room, my eyes find her. I see her from afar, feeling like too much of a coward to get closer. She's Isobel Dwyer, the greatest con artist in the world. And I? I'm her biggest con, Edward Cullen—FBI Special Agent, and a defeated lover. Two Years Ago; Somewhere Inside the Louvre: I try to pick my jaw up from the floor as I see the escape route, unable to believe my own eyes. "Are you sure this is the way they used to escape?" I ask the disgruntled Assistant Curator for the third time. "Monsieur," he replies, letting a little frustration color his tone. "This is the only way out of this gallery, no?" "Yes, but …" He cuts me off with a raised hand. "Then oui, this is the route they used. As you can see the gallery is armed with an automated theft detection system. It's designed to seal off the gallery the moment a painting is removed from its display case." "So instead of keeping the thief out , you want to keep him in ?" I ask, fascinated with the idea. "Oui," he answers shortly. "However, as you can see, this time, the thief managed to escape before the automated gates could come down and seal off the exit." "How long does it take for the gates to come down after a painting is removed?" "Exactly twenty seconds." I let out a low whistle. "Then he has to be pretty damn fast to make it out of here with the painting." "He?" a sharp voice asks from behind me. "It's a little presumptuous of you to think the thief was a man, Monsieur." I quickly turn around to see the owner of the voice is a woman. She's wearing the uniform of the museum staff with a cap shielding her eyes. "You are?" "A woman trying to make her mark in a man's world," she responds, her accent thick with French. Before I can think up a brilliant comeback, she turns to her employer and says something in rapid French. Then she makes her exit, leaving me staring at her. Two Months After the Louvre Theft, FBI Headquarters, Art Crime Unit: "Special Agent Cullen, I must say that I'm very disappointed," Kyle Simpson, Training Supervisor of our Art Crime Team, says with a little shake of his head. "When you were assigned to this case, I didn't expect you to turn up here empty-handed." Taking a deep breath, I open my mouth to defend myself. "Sir, I admit that we haven't been able to recover the stolen Giovanni or to identify the thief, but I have prepared a profile based on this and a couple more robberies that have taken place recently." "A profile?" "Of the thief, sir." He doesn't speak for a moment and I take that as my chance to proceed. "Sir, before the theft at the Louvre, there had been other break-ins at The Egyptian Museum of Antiquities, the British Museum and the Museu Picasso in Barcelona. From each museum, an artifact had been stolen—be it a painting or a sculpture. And judging by the way the thief has been moving around Europe, we can expect him to come to The States next." Supervisor Simpson sits up straighter and asks, "Where do you think he'll strike in the US?" "Well, by the way he's been taking articles by famous artists from all over the world; I think it might be The Starry Night by Van Gogh or the Ginevra de' Benci by da Vinci." Tanya, one of the agents on my team, looks baffled by the information. "Wait, you said he stole paintings and sculptures alike. But I thought these art thieves stick to one type of art only." "Unless they're a con man," Special Agent Jasper Whitlock says before I can. "Cullen, do you have any ID of the thief yet?" Sadly, I shake my head. "Not yet, but he's been dubbed 'Golden Bee' by our friends in Interpol." "Golden Bee?" Simpson asks with a frown. "Yes, that's the only evidence he leaves behind," I answer. "A small golden bee in the very spot the piece used to be." "Okay. Thank you, Special Agent Cullen, at least that was something," Supervisor Simpson says before standing up to address the room at large. "Now, as Cullen has pointed out, there are two pieces of valuable art that might attract the thief here. Unfortunately, one of them is in New York while the other is here in D.C." Whitlock scratches his goatee when he asks, "So some of us need to be on the lookout near the one in New York?" "Exactly," Simpson answers. "That's where you come in, Whitlock. I want you, Cullen and Denali on a flight to New York first thing tomorrow. You're gonna stay at a hotel near The Museum of Modern Art and work on any lead you may find there." I look at Jasper and nod, if he's gonna be in charge of the case, then it's fine by me. Jasper gives me an answering nod, probably returning my thoughts. And then the Supervisor says, "Special Agent Denali is going to be in charge of the case while you're there." I'm sure I look like I'm having a heart attack because Tanya winks at me. Why am I reacting like this? On our way out of the conference room, Tanya pushes her way between the two of us and grins. "You two are gonna be my bitches, bitches." Yeah, that ' s why. Day-2 in New York City: "Fuck! I feel like we're being punished or something, man," I can't help but let a little whine slip out as I complain to Jasper. "I bet they're doing the real shit in D.C. while we're stuck here with Denali." He pulls at his face and says, "Cool it, Ed. It's not all bad. We get to work without Simpson's nose sniffing up our asses for a bit. Before I can point out the reasons why this is bad, the reason presents itself. "Less chatting, more working, girls," Tanya's voice speaks from behind us. "We're here on a mission." "Yeah? Well, what are you working on?" She laughs at Jasper's question. "The cute girl at the front desk. Mama's got a hot date tonight." I roll my eyes and wait for Tanya to leave us before turning my head to look at Jasper. "And I rest my case," I say. He shrugs and then says, "Well, I say we come up with a plan to look for the Bee instead of being holed up in the hotel room and listening to Tanya screwing a girl in the next room." "Good point." So that's what we do. We make a game-plan. We decide to check out the lists of flights that came from Paris in the last week, and the lists of people staying in hotels who have France as their last visited country. It ' s a great plan; one that should work. Ten Hours Later: I itch for a drink as I walk into the hotel lobby filled with tourists yapping about God knows what. Walking up to the reception area, I am met with a head full of blonde hair greeting me with her body turned to the other side. "Excuse me, miss?" She turns around at the sound of my voice, and I feel like I've just gone speechless. She's beautiful ... quite possibly the most beautiful girl I've ever seen. Bright brown eyes smile up at me from behind a pair of glasses as she greets me in a soft voice, "Hello, sir. Welcome to Four Seasons. How may I help you?" I'm so fucking dumbfoundedthat all I manage to do is grin at her beautiful face. She tilts her head to the side and looks at me from above her glasses. "Sir? Are you under the influence?" "I must be because I feel like I've stumbled upon an angel." Yeah, I can be a cheesy asshole at times. She giggles at my cheesiness and shakes her head. "Well, say hello to your angel for me then." I must have lost my ability to think before speaking because I immediately say, "Hello, angel." "I can't be an angel, sir, not right now, anyway," she says, making my smile fade. Then she adds, "I'm still on the clock here. So why don't you give me your name and I'll see if I can find some time for you after my shift's over?" Her words give me the hope that she might be interested in me as well. So I try to keep things professional for now. "Well, Ms. …?" "Dwyer. Isobel Dwyer." "Ms. Dwyer," I say with an answering smile. "I need a list of all the guests in your hotel who have travelled here from Europe recently." A frown mars her beautiful face as she says, "I'm sorry, but I can't give you that information unless I see some I.D." I pull out my badge and hand it over to her. "I'm a Special Agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Ms. Dwyer." She gasps and takes the badge in her shaking hands. "You're an FBI agent? For real?" I nod. "Holy …! I've never met a FBI agent in person before," she says, still looking down at my badge. I offer her one of my killer smiles and give her a one-fingered salute. "You have now. Special Agent Edward Cullen. It's nice to meet you." "I sure hope so," she murmurs as she reaches for her keyboard. "Is some psychotic serial killer hiding in here?" "I sure hope not," I answer, playing her words around. "I'm actually looking for a thief." I don't know why the words spill out of me, but they do, and on some level, I feel like I can trust her. ~*~*~*Binding Lies*~*~*~ Isobel stares at me with her eyes wide and full of shock. "Wow," she whispers. "All I've heard of is the names of the artists. They must cost a fortune." I chuckle at her innocent question. "Yes, you could say that … a fortune and then some. Those are all masterpieces, Isobel. Each of those is priced at somewhere in the high millions." She blinks, probably not used to hearing about such big figures. "And you're trying to catch the man who stole those?" "Person," I correct automatically, suddenly being reminded of the sassy museum worker back at the Louvre. "We don't know if it's a man or a woman." She frowns. "You really think that the one pulling off these thefts could be a woman?" "Why not?" I ask with a shrug. "Just because you're a woman doesn't mean that you can't be kickass at your job. The same goes for thieves as well." A teasing smile comes on her face as she narrows her eyes at me. "Did you just compliment me or call me a thief?" "No, no, I was just …" I trail off as I see the smile playing on her face and reach out to grab her hand. She escapes by an inch and rushes outside, leaving me in the hotel lobby. Not to be deterred by this playful and insanely attractive girl, I follow her. She tries to avoid getting caught but I manage to catch her in the end. Her smile makes me smile. Before I know it, I've got her pinned against the wall where we both try to calm our breaths. I notice a pinkish hue on her cheeks … the slightest hint of a blush and I can't help it anymore. Leaning down, I put my face very close to hers. It feels like our lips would've brushed if we tried to speak. I wait for her to say the