Standard Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I'd known you all my life. Though we weren't friends until high school started. My best friend in the whole world, was Tanya Michaels. I'd known her my whole life too. We lived on the same street together. Our parents were friends. We enjoyed the same activities – shopping being our favorite. She was my other half. If I was going anywhere, Tanya was always with me. And vice versa. We clicked. We fit. We were two peas in a pod. Our parents joked we must have been joined at the hip in meeting. I remember all the happy memories we shared. And there were so many of those. Laughter over ice cream cones. Watching ridiculous cartoons at each other's houses. Painting each other's nails and doing each other's hair. How happy she would be finding the perfect dress, even if I saw it first. I never wanted to take away from her happiness, so I always let her get her way. "That dress is cute on you," she'd tell me with that sweet smile of hers. "But I totally think I'd look better in it." The way she always got so excited when her parents gave in to her pout and we ended up being able to order pizza and watch rated 'R' movies all night even though we were still in elementary school. Things were always just so great with Tanya around. Like there was no stopping her. Unfortunately, there were some not so good times. There were days when I would find Tanya crying after school. When I'd ask what was wrong, it was always the same. Lauren Mallory or Jessica Stanley had been picking on her. I knew they were just jealous because she was so beautiful and doted upon. But they always found a way to hurt her feelings. And the way she seemed so very heartbroken when the boy she liked picked another. "I just don't understand why he doesn't like me," she'd cried against my pillow the day her heart was broken. "I mean yeah, I'd get it if I were you . No offense or anything. You're not unfortunate, but you are definitely no me. He should like me. He should be falling all over himself for me." Everyone knew Tanya had a crush on TJ. But apparently TJ had set his eyes on another. And the girl had always been nice to us, so I didn't understand why she'd turn so cruel if she knew Tanya liked the boy. But Tanya told me that's how Rosie was. She was selfish, always out to get her way, take from others. I agreed because I could see how much it hurt Tanya. She liked someone and Rosie had ruined it for her. That instantly made her the bad guy in my book. Still, we persevered. Made our way. And then my whole world ended. Tanya's dad was offered a job in Silicon Valley, meaning the Michaels family was moving to California. And Tanya was leaving me behind. "I'll write you every day. Will you write to me?" I'd asked, my voice watery. I was already planning on how much stamps would cost, how many phone calls I could make before I got in trouble – since I wasn't allowed to have a cell phone until I was sixteen, if my parents would let me get my own computer for email and instant messaging. "What? Oh yeah. Whenever I can find the time," Tanya had replied. "You know, daddy says I'm getting to go to a really big school. Bet there's tons of hot boys to look at. And cheerleading! I can't wait to meet so many new people. It'll be great to have so many new friends, I'm sure I'll be popular within a week. Don't worry if a letter takes some time though, California isn't across town, you know." "But at least we can email and IM each other. That's faster." "Sure, of course." And then she was just…gone. I cried for days. She was my best friend, my sister . How could they take her from me? I realize this sounds overly dramatic. And it was. But when you're fourteen years old, and you've isolated your social circle to really only one person, losing them is dramatic. We were supposed to be starting high school together. We were supposed to always be there for each other. She was my best friend in the whole world. And now I had no one. I remember begging my parents to move to California too. I remember crying to them that I was going to be the only one who didn't have a friend. I tried begging to be homeschooled even when moving was shot down. Of course, while they were sad I'd lost my best friend, they knew this wasn't the end of the world. I would make new friends. That's how things worked. So with trepidation, and the knowledge that my life would suck from then on, I walked into Forks High School and into my first class as a high school student. It was Math. That was already a strike on its own. In the back of the room were Lauren and Kate Baker. Another one of Tanya's enemies. I watched how they watched me. Their eyes made my skin crawl. I'd always kept away from them with Tanya around. Even though there were times when her tears had made me angry enough to want to confront the bullies hurting her, she always kept me back. It wasn't worth it, she'd tell me. They were just jealous of her, she'd say. "Aw, look at that," Kate sneered as I placed my belongings on a seat close to the front. "The little bird is all alone." "What happened, Alice? Lose the only one who could stand you?" Lauren laughed. Her question confused me but I ignored her. She was trying to get a rise out me. Just like she'd done with Tanya before. "I bet Tanya got tired of having to hang out with her all the time. Pathetic puppy she is. Can you believe T's parents had to practically beg her to hang out with this loser? Heard they even paid Tanya to do it," Kate chimed in again through laughter. "I hadn't heard that. So awesome. No wonder she was always able to afford those nice threads without needing to ask for money all the time," Lauren finished. I couldn't believe what these two were saying. The lies they were spreading, and trying to inflict onto me. As though Tanya needed incentive to hang out with me. That was preposterous, especially since we'd been friends since we were small. My vision blurred as I grabbed my things and ran from the room, not wanting to hear anymore. I went to the office immediately, hoping to change my schedule around. There was no way I could be in that class with those girls. It was only the first day, and already I knew I was lost without Tanya. It took some effort, but I was able to change my English and Math classes around. Of course I still had to attend my classes as scheduled that first day, but things got easier. And after the first day, I was glad to see that was the only change I had to make. None of the terror crew were in any of my other classes. The second day of classes, I got to English early. I wanted to be prepared, scope out the layout. You were already there. You were the only one there. Sitting in the center row, in the second seat, you sat writing in some notebook, your head bobbing to the beat your foot was keeping. I almost had a panic attack when I saw you. I knew who you were friends with, who you associated with. Two of them had tormented me the day before. But you had never said anything bad about Tanya, that I knew of, so I didn't know if I could trust you or not. I didn't want to be snotty, but I had to be careful. I didn't know what to do. I didn't want to be rude. Like I said, I'd known you my whole life. We just weren't friends. But in the end, I didn't have to do anything. As I shuffled further in to the room, you looked up. And then you smiled at me. "Hi, Alice," you said easily enough. "Ooh, I really like your hair. That pixie cut is really cute on you." I think I was struck dumb for a moment. I'd never really heard your voice before. You'd always been on the quiet side. And truthfully, I spent every moment with Tanya that I didn't care what anyone else did, said or thought. So to hear you speak, the way your voice was soft, slightly raspy, was startling. "Uh, hi, Bella." I touched the hair you'd complimented, smoothing it out for no reason. "Thanks. My mom said it would help me feel confident starting a new school." I felt my face go red from too much information. You didn't care why it was the way it was. And God only knew I didn't need to fuel any torments. "Smart woman. It looks really good," you complimented again. I watched you close up your notebook, drop it and your purple pen in your bag before grabbing your phone. You laughed at something on the screen and then pointed it toward me. There was a meme of a dog licking a donkey. And the caption had the dog stating it tasted like ass. I couldn't help it, I laughed too. "Rose always finds the funniest ones." I froze at hearing that name. Rosalie Hale. I almost forgot you were friends with her. I'd known her my whole life too. But unlike with you, where we just weren't friends, Rosalie and I didn't get along. Well, that's not entirely true. Rosalie and Tanya didn't get along, and since Tanya was like a sister, Rosalie was my enemy too. Looking back on the why, I feel stupid. It's not Rosalie's fault Tyler Crowley liked her and not Tanya. Besides, we were twelve years old, for crying out loud! None of us really knew what liking someone meant. Even still, I was hesitant with you. I had no idea if there was motive behind your smiles. I always trusted what Tanya had said to me. While she'd never mentioned you by name, your friends had been named. I knew I needed to be cautious. And then more of our classmates started filtering in. You turned your phone off, dropped it back into your bag and acted like everything was fine. I rushed to take a seat. It wasn't next to yours, but it was close. Our teacher came in, greeted us, and thus was the first week of high school. About a two weeks went by, me coming into class to see you already there, you smiling a greeting at me. Me working to keep an unconscious distance from you. But in the end, you were the one who broke it. "Hey, Alice?" I had just sat down at my desk. Was arranging all my supplies when you spoke. "Yes?" "I don't want to sound rude, but with Tanya gone, who do you hang out with now?" I don't know if I showed a reaction. Because I tried my hardest not too. But your question gutted me. I'd been doing okay…. Okay, not really. I'd been hiding, trying to just pass the time without anyone noticing what a loser I was. Without anyone noticing how alone I was in this life now. And so the library became my best friend. Lots of people were in there by themselves during lunch so I didn't look like