Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Romeo and Juliet. Tristan and Isolde. Ken and Barbie. Danny and Sandy. Beyonce and Jay-Z. And of course, Edward and Bella. Everyone knows those couples, everyone remembers those stories of tragedy and romance, chaos and heartbreak, tender moments and grand gestures. What no one ever seems to remember are the friars and Benvolios and Frenchies and Kelly Rowlands who helped the two lovers along the way. Sometimes these romances work out and end with happily ever after and sometimes they don't. Whatever the ending, we shouldn't forget to give thanks to the unsung heroes of these tales. In the case of Edward and Bella, that'd be me: Bree Tanner, formerly faceless freshman and current Unsung Hero of Love who was picked by the Gods of Crossed Stars to play a small but pivotal role in an epic saga of high school romance. It all started second semester, mid-January, Forks High in the girls bathroom on the second floor, right before second period. That Monday, things were moving along in the mundane way things did for me. After ignoring my mom's advice to clean out my three-ring binder over Christmas Break, I couldn't find my History homework. I started my period. Some jerk sophomore threw my friend Tory's gym shoes over the fence in the courtyard and Riley, my crush since seventh grade, was rumored to be interested in asking for my phone number but all he did was ask if I had any change for the soda machine. In other words, all was status-suck-quo in my life. And then it happened. I was alone in the Ladies with Isabella "Bella" Swan. Bella Swan was a senior with long dark hair that usually hung over her left shoulder, but sometimes she'd wear it in a high pony tail. She had an awesome patchwork purse that was more like a bag and it slammed and swooshed coolly against her thigh when she walked. The mysterious contents of that bag slushed and crunched and rattled around like secret-to-being-cool artifacts. I'd spent many nights awake thinking about what she could have in that bag. When I realized I'd never know, I started making things up. I bet she carried cigarettes and birth control pills and lip gloss and lighters and the keys to Edward Cullen's Firebird and his heart. Bella Swan wore jeans with the hems coming loose at the cuffs and gauzy tops and sometimes she wore Edward's old jersey (I heard he played ball in junior high) that said CULLEN on the back. She kind of knew everybody, which seemed impossible because she also intimidated everybody. If she smiled at someone, they beamed back and walked a little taller for the rest of the day. It happened once to Tory; Bella Swan smiled at her in the library at the reference table right before she said to Tory, "Could you like, move?" Once, Bella gave my other friend Kate a dollar in the cafeteria when she was a nickel short for chocolate milk and didn't even take the change back. I think she might be nice, but then another time, it went around the school like crazy that Bella Swan was going to kick Jessica Stanley's ass. From where I stood, Jessica and Bella were friends. Both seniors, both top rung, but Bella had a kind of general respect from the student body that Jessica "the stank" Stanley did not. Another time, I had to bring a note to Mr. Berty and Bella Swan was in that class and she was like, sprawled out on the air conditioning vents under the window. While class was going on. And all of that isn't even counting her boyfriend. Edward 'Oh My God' Cullen. I swear he doesn't look like anyone else in school or on TV. Or in the movies. Or probably even amongst the angels. He's just so hot that it hurts. Like literally, when he walks by, I actually feel a rumble pain in my stomach and I even heard that he turned down a job modeling for Abercrombie and Fitch because Bella didn't want him to do full-frontal. If anyone in Forks is cooler than Bella Swan, it's Edward Cullen and I'm not even sure how he does it. He doesn't play any sports and he doesn't crack crude jokes much or anything. It's just like, in his blood. Cool just comes out of his non-visible pores. For example, he was nominated for Homecoming King, but I heard he turned down the nomination . I mean, he's so cool he had something cooler to do than homecoming which might not seem like a huge deal but he turned down homecoming… in Forks. He walks with this slow gait down the hallway and he sometimes taps the tops of doorway arches; and I know this next part is true because I heard it several times myself- when he walks by a classroom Bella is in, he makes this whistle-like tick sound with his teeth and tongue. It's like this little, secret, special signal they have just to let each other know the other is near-by. He gives her piggy back rides in the hallways and she puts these little kisses behind his ear when she's riding that broad strong back. He's the only one I've ever seen dig into that ginormous bag she carries and he puts her stuff into his locker. She wears his clothes and he has her hair ties around the shifter in his car. I know because I glanced in his car all the time when the T-tops were off during the early fall when it was still warm enough. Anyway, all of that is why they have to be together which is why that mundane Monday suddenly turned in to a matter of me versus fate when I found myself unprepared and excitedly, freaked-outedly involved. I don't normally even go to the bathroom after first period but as fate would have it, I drank three glasses of orange juice at breakfast, foregoing the usual onion bagel I had because all that quarter we were going to have to swim in gym class so I couldn't have bagel thighs. I used to think swimming in gym was humiliating (it still is) torturous (check) and unnecessary. Now I see it was fate at work. I was meant to be in that bathroom that day at that time. So, I took care of business, swung the stall door open and saw Bella Swan's reflection in the mirror. Her long silky hair was knotted and her big bag sat in the stained and cracked porcelain sink...and she'd been crying. I paused, panicking because I'd never actually been alone with Bella Swan, while she used brown, scratchy paper towel to swipe under her eyes at tears that were still flowing. We made eye contact (accident on my part) and I looked away immediately. I pumped pink goop soap onto my shaking palm and turned on the tap, silently cursing the crappy water pressure and too thick soap. Bella Swan blew her nose in the same soggy paper towel and started digging through that bag of hers. I had to concentrate not to peek inside of it, lest she announce plans to kick my ass a la Stanley for being a creepy snoop. "Shit," she whispered. "Shit shit shit." Each curse got louder and soon she was rummaging through that bag like crazy. "Do you have any Chapstick?" she asked me. Bella Swan just spoke to me. Bella Swan was willing to share Chapstick with me. Her lips have been on Edward's...lots of things (I've heard), so sharing would essentially be putting my lips all over Edward Cullen and despite all that talk of Bella and Edward belonging together, I'm only human. I would push Bella Swan off of a bridge to have my lips on Edward Cullen's things and I didn't have any Chapstick. God, I was going to buy a whole case of Blistex as soon as the last bell of the day rang. My mind raced and rummaged for the coolest possible option. Do I offer to go skip school to buy her some? Do I find Tory and get some from her? How long do you feasibly keep Bella Swan waiting for Chapstick? And of all of the useless rules in the Forks High handbook, how had they not included any of this? "No," I said slowly, hating having to tell her no. I would've given anything to hand over a tube of Chapstick and I felt like I was disappointing her in the worst way. I mean what if she needs something else that I do have and she doesn't ask because she'll think I don't have anything? Or worse, what if she thinks I'm stingy and don't want to share with her? Or what if she thinks I think she's gross or something To my relief, she didn't have any reaction at all, other than to sigh and shove at her bag with both hands. "Um. Are you okay?" I asked. "Do you have a boyfriend?" she asked me. "No, I can't date until I'm sixteen because my dad thinks that going to the movies with a boy means you're having his baby. He's like, obsessed with sex. Or abstinence I mean," I rambled then shut myself up to a cold stop when I realized I was telling Bella Swan about my dad and sex. "Most dads are," she said, and kind of maybe smiled. I made Bella Swan smile through her angel tears. My confidence grew ten-fold. "I kind of...I think my boyfriend cheated on me," she said, then blew out a long breath and looked at her swollen eyes in the mirror. "Edward would never!" I nearly shouted. She startled then looked at me. "You know Edward?" she asked, head cocked to the side, like she was absolutely bewildered by the idea that I would know who he is, which was bewildering to me. Didn't she know everyone knew who he was? Who they were? And it's not like she defined 'know.' I mean, I knew him as well as anyone who stalked social media accounts knew anyone. "Er...not like. Personally? I just...I think he collected attendance slips last semester," I stumbled. "No, that wasn't him," she said. Of course not. Edward Cullen would never be an office lackey. "Why, uh, why would you think that he cheated on you?" I asked. "He got this fucking job at this garage and there's this girl who's like, the receptionist?" Bella said and sniffed while rolling her eyes. I'll kill this receptionist. "Okay," I said. "He fixed this girls radiator or whatever. He's been like, staying late at work with her and I hardly see him anymore…and just." I paused to think if 'fix the radiator' was a sex metaphor I hadn't heard of while Bella took another breath and continued. "So, I called him out on it and it turned into this huge fight and he...he...skidded his fucking tires right in my driveway, my dad already doesn't like him and freaked out and I told Edward I'm done. It's over...and this m-morning his stuff was out of my locker and he left a bunch of my stuff in mine..." "So, you didn't mean it was really done then?" I asked. It seemed to me that if she told him it was done, she ought to have her stuff back. It only made sense. "I was pissed. I don't know but god. We've been together since we were freshman! It can't just be done like that, right? I don't know how he can just act like we were nothing." I had no idea. "Right," I agreed. "He's such an asshole. I swear-what's your name?" "Bree." "I swear, Bree, he's such an asshole," she said, swiping her hair behind her ears