Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. -))0((- "So, tell me again, Bella, why are we buying turquoise clothing for the baby?" I ask my wife for what's probably the millionth time during her pregnancy. We're currently at the Port Angeles Baby Store, standing side by side in front of a display as we pick out some items. Since it's a Thursday, we just got out of work and we're taking advantage that there aren't many people in the store as there are on the weekends. I might be a little tired, too, so my whiny attitude is understandable. Bella just chuckles, grinning at me. "Because it's a gender-neutral color, making it perfect since we don't know Riley's sex yet." Riley: our future son or daughter, whose name's also androgynous given that we're waiting until Bella's delivery to know his or her gender. Well, add the baby's nursery to the list of things that would be perfect for either a boy or girl. Since we rent an apartment, we used light-aquamarine, removable wallpaper to decorate the room and bought all of the furniture in white. We're on a budget, so most of the décor was made by Bella in yellow and white tones. All of this was Bella's idea, although I did agree with her just to keep her happy. A happy, pregnant wife is a good thing. Trust me. At 32 weeks of pregnancy, we've dealt with morning sickness—which is a total misnomer because she suffered it all times of the day—cravings, and, of course, mood swings at the drop of a hat. But when she's happy? Oh, man, everything is perfect. Not that I'm complaining, though, because I've been lucky with my wife. I mean, sure, we have our disagreements— who doesn't —but we never have full-on arguments. The baby's sex is one of the few issues which I've had trouble agreeing to, yet I only bring it up on occasions like these when we're shopping. So, taking my one jab, I say, "And when will we know?" Bella slumps her shoulders and groans. "Ed, we've talked about this before." "I know," I sigh, "but I can't help being curious." My wife looks at me intently as if she were deciphering a complicated math equation before she speaks. "Okay, fine, you win. We only have a month to go, but we'll ask Dr. Gerandy to tell us the sex of the baby during our appointment next week." " Really?" I ask, beaming. "Yes," Bella chuckles, "but that doesn't mean that anything's changing. The baby's name, nursery and wardrobe are staying the same." "That seems like a fair compromise," I tell her. "I can do that." A huge grin spreads across Bella's face as says, "Okay, so we're done picking pajama-onesies, is there anything else you want to check out while we're here?" "No, I think we're all set." "Alrighty then, let's head out to get some dinner because I'm starving." "You're always hungry," I tease. " Hey," Bella says, sounding offended. "I'm carrying your child around in my tummy. I need to be strong for that, alright?" "I know, I know," I chuckle. "I was just messing with you." Smirking mischievously, Bella winks at me. "I know. So was I." I step forward and wrap my arms around Bella, her swollen belly between us. She raises her arms and wraps them around my neck as she sighs, closing her eyes. "I love you," I say before giving her a small kiss. "I love you," Bella echoes, smiling against my lips. " Forever?" Bella nods. "Forever." When I hear someone clear their throat, I chuckle and pull away from my wife. "We should get going," I tell her. "Yeah, I'm starving," she says with a grin. "Let's go pay for this and head over to the Chinese place next door." "You're in the mood for Teriyaki Chicken?" "Yes! I even brought extra TUMS with me." "Good call," I say tell her. "Why don't you go ahead and order so you can sit while you wait for me? You must be exhausted." "I am," she exhales. "The office was super busy today." "Okay, I'll see you in a bit." I then head to the checkout while Bella makes her way next door. Five minutes later, when I enter the Chinese restaurant, I spot Bella at one of the tables by the food counter. She smiles at me as soon as I come into view, patting the spot beside her for me to sit. "I hope you don't mind," Bella begins, "but I ordered our food to go." "Not at all," I assure her. "Are you feeling okay?" "Yeah." She shrugs. "I just realized that I'm more tired than I thought. Plus, my back is kinda hurting and my feet are swollen as fuck, so I'm more than eager to get home and sit on the couch with my feet propped up on your lap as I stuff my face with steamed rice and veggies." "And don't forget the teriyaki chicken," I tease. Bella playfully gasps. "Never!" "Mrs. Cullen, your food's ready," the cashier informs us. I get up to retrieve our food and also to help Bella stand. Once we've got our order, we head to our car and drive home. As soon as we enter, Bella takes off her shoes and goes to our bedroom to put on her maternity yoga-pants while I unpack our food on the coffee table. "Feeling better?" I ask when she returns. "Yeah." She nods. "But my back is still hurting a bit." "Were you on your feet today?" "Of course, but only for a little bit. You know how protective Rosalie is." "Oh, I do, and I definitely wouldn't want to get on her bad side." "Yeah," Bella chuckles as she takes her seat. "It's scary." "So," I begin as I join Bella on the couch, "what are our plans for this weekend?" "We're going over to your parents' house for the barbecue that my dad owes yours." "I can't believe they're still betting," I mumble. "How many times has your dad beat mine?" "I lost count," she teases before taking a bite of her food and then moaning. "Oh, God, this is delicious." I smirk. "I remember the last time you said that. You got pregnant afterward." Bella rolls her eyes, yet laughs. "Okay, unto important things; remind me tomorrow to bring the files from the Cheneys' house-renovation loan. I need to do some paperwork for the appraisal." "Babe, what's the point of maternity leave if you're going to keep working from home?" "It's just paperwork," she whines. "Plus, I can't let a temp handle that kind of stuff. She'd get it all wrong." "Rosalie is lucky to have you as her assistant," I tell her. "I'm lucky to have Rosalie as a friend," she says longingly. "We both are," I agree. "And that's why I have to help her. Now, let's hurry up because it's getting late and I want to take a shower before bed." Nodding, I agree. "Whatever you say, love." … Sometime during the middle of the night, Bella wakes me up. "Edward, something's wrong," she cries. Groggy yet alarmed, I sit up in bed. "What's going on?" Sniffling, she says, "My back is still hurting a lot." "Maybe you're having Braxton Hicks contractions," I suggest. "No, something's really wrong, Edward. I'm bleeding," Bella whispers. "Fuck," I mutter as I get up quickly and walk over to her side. "Okay, we're going to need to go the hospital, but we have to remain calm, alright?" Bella nods. "I'm going to get you some new pajamas for you to change into, and get everything ready for us to leave, but while I do that, call Dr. Gerandy and tell him what's happening," I tell her. Tearful, Bella gazes at me, trying to contain her cries. "Edward, I'm scared," she says. "Everything is going to be okay," I tell her, trying to assure us both of it. "This is probably just a false alarm." "Okay," she gulps. "Now, give me a minute to get everything ready and then we'll leave." I help her to stand, giving her the phone before I go in search of clean clothes for her. Next, I go to the baby's nursery and grab the small backpack we've prepared for Bella's delivery. When I return to our bedroom, Bella is crying harder. "What's wrong?" I ask, panicked. "Is the pain stronger?" "No." Bella shakes her head. "Dr. Gerandy is at the hospital, but he said we need to get there immediately." "We'll leave as soon as you've changed, okay? Relax," I suggest. Bella doesn't reply anything, she simply begins taking off her soiled clothes as she cries. I really don't know what to tell her, so I stay quiet, trying to calm my own nerves. "Do you think we should call our parents?" Bella says between sobs. "I think that's a good idea, but right now I need you to calm down, baby. Can you do that for me? Breathe, okay?" Bella nods, beginning to even out her breaths and calming her cries. "I'm going to bring the car closer to our exit," I tell her once we're all set. "Meanwhile, call our parents and tell them we're going to the hospital." When I return to from the parking lot, I help Bella get into the car and take off quickly. During our short ride to the hospital, I comfort Bella by telling her that she and the baby are going to be okay, even though I'm afraid that I'm lying. As we arrive at our destination, I notice Dr. Gerandy and a couple of nurses with a gurney, waiting for us. Everything happens quickly after that. All I remember is a blur, but I can definitely recall Bella's panic as they took her away to the operation room. Staying behind with me, Dr. Gerandy looks troubled. "I'm going to be honest with you, Son," he begins. "This isn't looking good, so I need you to be ready for any possibility." " What do you mean?" I ask, terrified. "I don't know what I'm going to find when I enter the OR, but it probably won't be good, so call whoever you need to be here with you, alright?" Numb, I nod. "I have to go now, but I'll be back later with an update," he says before running off. … The minutes pass and I'm going mad. It feels like it's been forever since Bella was taken away, but it's only been about an hour. I call our parents to make sure they're on their way to the hospital, and tell them what Dr. Gerandy told me, which isn't much. I see people coming and going, but none of them is giving me any news. Just when I'm about to lose it, Dr. Gerandy walks up to me with a sullen expression. My name is called, and I briefly turn around, but I don't register who said it. All I see is the despair in the doctor's eyes as he tells me that they did everything they could, but it was too late. Riley didn't make it. My eyes blur and I can't breathe. I shake my head, yelling at him, telling him it's a mistake, but I know it's not. And as I remember the look of panic in Bella's eyes, I realize that she knew. Bella knew—she felt it in her heart. It is then that I ask about her, berating myself for nothing about Bella before, but her diagnosis doesn't bring me any comfort. She's been sedated because she couldn't handle the news. There's a funeral that need to be prepared and paperwork has to be filled out, I'm told. I hear, but I don't listen. I hear, but I don't understand. I am numb and I am drowning, and I need