Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. EPOV October 2013 "I'm sorry, what?" Her soft voice astounded. I sighed and looked down at my clasped hands that were lying in my lap. I was hunched over my knees on the couch and she was in her worn arm chair that she wouldn't get rid of. She was a lot like that chair; comfortable and unassuming. When we first met in college, I liked that about her. She was calm in the face of chaos, but as the years wore on, I began to resent it. She was about two things: Work and home. She hardly ever wanted to go out and what friends she did have never wanted to leave the hospital. I had begun going out without her. She said she didn't mind. She would rather be in bed curled up with a good book or medical journal. But I was 28! I had never partied in high school because I wanted to get into a good college. I had never partied in college because I wanted to get into a good medical school. I had never partied in med school…well you get the picture. And after seven years of being quiet and committed to Bella, I was ready to move on. I loved her, I really did, but I don't think I was in love with her anymore. "I think that we should go our separate ways." I repeated. I forced myself to look into her eyes and instantly wished I hadn't. Her pretty brown eyes, eyes I had gotten lost into numerous times, wore a thin sheen of liquid. She blinked rapidly so as to not let them fall. She never liked to show weakness. "Why?" She whispered. I faltered. How did I answer this? Did I tell her the truth? Did I tell her that I had met someone who made me feel alive, who made me feel free? Did I tell her that even though nothing had happened in the way of romance with this person that I was wanting it to? Or did I just tell her that I felt we had drifted apart and I needed space? In the end, I didn't have to. I don't know what I was expecting. I didn't know how she would react. But nothing, nothing, could prepare me for what happened. She looked at me and nodded, realization dawning in her eyes. She looked away from me and took a deep breath and when she looked back at me, she wasn't crying, there was no sheen of tears in her eyes and she was smiling. Smiling! "Do you need help packing?" She asked. "I…uh…no. I can do it." I stammered. Now I was the one astounded. Why wasn't she yelling, or throwing things? Why was she so calm? "I don't mind." She said in her quiet way. She got up and moved gracefully through our…her…apartment. She reached into the closet and drug out our luggage. She laid the suitcases out on the bed, side by side and started digging through our dresser drawers. She packed pile upon pile in them as I watched. "Aren't you going to help?" She asked, chuckling. I blinked and then got to work. With both of us, we made short work of it. In just over an hour, everything that made this place ours, was erased. Now it was just hers. She helped me lug my bags to my car. I closed the trunk and then looked at her. She wrapped her arms around herself to ward off the October chill, a bag hanging haphazardly over her shoulder. "What's that?" I asked. "Oh, it's for you. Just a few things to remind you of me." She said. "I don't need anything to remind me of you. You have been in my life for seven years." I said. "I know that." Our eyes locked in that moment until she shook her head. "Is everything good with your car? Tires good, gassed up?" She asked. I smiled. She was so practical. "Yes, my car is fine." "There is a map in the glove compartment." "Why would I need a map? I am not leaving Seattle." She looked me straight in the eye. "In case the route you take isn't there to take you back." She said. "Okay…" I said, baffled. "I should go." "You should." She agreed. I nodded and opened my car door. "I just want to say one thing and then I will let you go." She said, suddenly. "Okay." I said, kindly. She needed closure. I would give her that. I owed her that. "You can hold any girl that you like, you can fall in love with her, you can sleep with her, you can live with her, go to the movies and dinner with her, and at night, when it is dark, you will find it easy. But when you wake up next to her, you are going to wonder why she isn't something better, something more. You think that you should be partying, and living it up. You think that I am boring and quiet, and that's okay, I am. But one day, you are going to realize that you no matter how hard you search for it, you won't find this. You won't ever have what you and I have with someone else." She took a deep breath. "That's it. That's all I wanted to say." She smiled. "Goodbye Edward. Give my regards to Tanya." She said, turning her back to me and calmly walking away. She knew. The whole time, she knew. And she let me go. Even if that is exactly what I wanted, I couldn't ignore the feeling like I had been punched in the gut. "Goodbye Bella." I whispered. That was the day I said goodbye. I woke up, feeling slightly…off. I couldn't explain it. I hadn't even opened my eyes and everything felt different. I stretched and hit something warm and soft. I opened my eyes expecting to see warm brown locks. Instead, they were red. I frantically looked around. This wasn't the room I was used to. There were no slate blue walls, no matching brown and blue down comforter. No desk in the corner. No, this room was done in red and black, all silky and bold. The woman this room belonged to was silky and bold. She was ice, to Bella's warmth. I looked again at my sleeping partner. I had went to Joe's when I had left Bella's. I had been looking for a good time, a few drinks, a few laughs, her. I had been looking for Tanya, the woman that had made me question my life and what I wanted out of it. After a few drinks I told her I had left Bella. She had smiled so brightly and somehow we had made it to her place. I was half drunk out of my mind, but not enough to where Bella's words didn't echo back at me. You won't find this… I had pushed it and her to the back of my mind. I had wanted to live, to really live, to experience life and Tanya was exactly what I felt I needed in order to do that. I had lost myself in her, trying not to focus on how different she was, how different being with her was, compared to Bella. It was only normal to feel this way, to think this way. After all, Bella had been with me for so long, seven years. But now I was with Tanya. She stirred and rolled over to face me with a sleepy smile. "Mornin'" She said, huskily. "Morning." I said, smiling at her. "Last night was incredible." She purred. "Yeah…it was." I think. "You know, you don't have to go live in some old hotel room. I have plenty of room here. You can stay with me, until you find your own place." Did I want to do that? It certainly beat trying to find an affordable hotel. "Are you sure?" I asked. "Yeah." She shrugged. "It will be fun." "Yeah, fun." I said. I needed more fun in my life. That was the day I moved on. I was late. Which is not what you want to be when you are a surgeon. Saving lives is not something you can be late for. And this was the fifth time this month I had been late. Living with Tanya was fun, but she had one bathroom and she took forever to get ready. When I had placed my razor and things in the bathroom, I had been amazed at all she had on her counters; makeup, brushes, shampoos, conditioners, waxing items, tampons, shaving cream…the list goes on and on. I mean how much stuff does one woman need? And the apartment was always a mess. She didn't know how to cook, so we ate out every night. She liked to talk…like a lot. Always chattering. I had learned to turn her out. Anyway, I was late…again. Weber was going to have my ass. "You're late." I cringed and then whirled around to face my senior resident. "What is your excuse this time? Your car wouldn't start? You overslept? The dog ate your alarm clock? Or my all-time favorite one, you forgot your way here. So which one is it?" "I…" "He was running an errand for me and it took longer than I thought it would." I looked behind Weber to find Bella, looking tired but pretty, holding a chart in her arm. Weber turned as well and scrutinized Bella in that way of hers that could make an innocent man confess to murder. "Hmmph. Well next time plan your time more wisely," was all she said before she left. I stared at Bella, feeling awkward. "Um…thanks. You didn't have to do that, you know." I told her. She blinked once then smiled. "I know." She said casually. "See you around." I found myself looking at her back…not having seen it, or her, since that night. The night I left. "Wait!" I said. She turned around. "Yes?" "How've you been? Everything…good with you?" I asked lamely. She smiled again. "I have been good. You?" She asked. I hesitated. Was I good? "Yeah, really good." I said. "I am so very glad. You need to be happy. I have to go. Work." She explained. "Yeah. It was nice to see you and…thanks for…you know." "I know. Bye." That was the day I lied to her for the first time. "I'm bored." Tanya complained, throwing herself on the bed. I glanced at her from over the top of the medical journal I was reading. "Okay?" I said. "I wanna go do something." "We do something every night. I am tired and I need sleep. If I am late one more time, Weber is going to hand me my ass on a platter. If Bella hadn't of saved me the other day…" "Bella?" Tanya asked sharply. "What did Mousy do?" "What did you just call her?" I asked, my tone just as sharp. "Mousy. She is so…boring, Edward. You know this, it is why you left her, remember? Now you are acting like her. Not cool Edward." She complained. "What are you talking about?" I asked. "You are in here, reading a boring medical journal." "I am a doctor. You know, it wouldn't hurt you to read this when I am done. Maybe that way Weber wouldn't have crawled your ass when you answered that simple question wrong." I chuckled. "She just has it out for me." She sniffed. "Besides, I don't need that. I am independently brilliant." "Sure you are." I teased, trying to get her and me in a better mood. Tanya in a bad mood included temper tantrums and her throwing things. She ripped the journal away from me and pounced. "You are so going