Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Flame Still Burns Bella "I'll have to close the shop and go back to Forks." Bella stood in the doorway watching Jake shave. He didn't look away from his own reflection. "You know I can't go with you. School. And the play." Ah yes. The play. "No, I know. I can go alone. At least, at first. Then you can come out when things get bad." "Alone, Bella? Who knows how long… how long you'll need to be there?" He'd been going to say how long until Charlie dies. And she wished he had. Maybe then she could cry. "Well, the doctors gave him three months. That's really… I mean, in the scheme of things, that really isn't that long. You know?" There was a constriction of her throat—the usual, nothing more. He shrugged and scraped the final streak of white foam from his bronzed face. "What about the mortgage, Bells? With the shop closed…" "We'll have to pull it out of savings, Jake. That's all there is to it." Her voice was squeaky and damp, but her eyes were dry. He nodded grimly and blotted his face with the towel. "Well. It is what it is, right? We knew this day was coming." She went into the bathroom and put her arms around his waist. He gave her a quick squeeze then untangled himself from her embrace. "Sorry Bells. I gotta jam. I won't be home for dinner tonight. Technical rehearsal at seven." "No problem. I can fend for myself." She wrapped her arms about her middle, hugging in the pain. "Great," he said. Great. . Forks was the way it had always been. Overcast. Bella sat in the window booth of Maggie's Diner with her hands wrapped around a heavy ceramic mug of lukewarm coffee. She watched the Calawah and 101 traffic lights change, their glow vivid against the gray smear of foggy forest highway beyond. Maybe if she'd been a native of Forks the place wouldn't feel haunted now. If cool and sodden and simple had been all she'd ever known—maybe she could've made different choices. But she'd been an outsider here and felt an outsider still. She'd never really felt home anywhere. Maybe I'm the problem. Maybe it's me. My choices. The biggest one, her resolution not to try again after Emmie died. Cradle death. There were maybe worse ways to lose a child, but not to Bella. Emmie'd been three months and three days old when she'd died in her sleep without so much as a squeak from the baby monitor Bella kept by her at all times. Not a squeak. Not a cry. Not a sigh. Just gone. Still almost warm to the touch when Bella went to lift her from the crib that morning. That horrible morning. That life-stopping morning. And all the empty mornings that had followed. The irony—Bella hated using that word, she felt tragedy was more appropriate, but irony it seemed to be—that three or four times a week Bella felt compelled to get out of bed in the night and place her hand on Emmie's back. Just to make sure. Just to feel that comforting rise and fall of baby breaths. But not that night. She'd thought there would be pressure to try again, not only from Jake, but also from friends and family, and true enough there had been some. But there had also been understanding when she'd explained that there would be no more babies. Bella knew she'd never survive another heartbreak. She also knew Jake thought she'd get over it in time. But time had marched by and there really had been no more babies, even though Bella never actively tried to prevent them. She just knew Emmie had been her only one. Emmie would've been thirteen this year, if she'd lived through that night and the thousands of nights since. She'd be in middle school, maybe with braces and acne and new breasts and an attitude. Maybe she'd have been an athlete like her mom or a scholar like her dad. Or maybe she would have been her own person. That, Bella thought, would have been best. A new creation made of her and Jake. Maybe Emmie would have been the magic that kept her marriage glued together. "Here ya go, hon. The usual." Maggie dropped a heavy oval plate in front of Bella. "It's been quite a few years since I said that to ya." Bella smiled up at her. "Some things don't change." "Surely correct. And that's probably all for the good. Some things shouldn't change. I know how everyone in this town likes their eggs. And I like that just fine." Maggie was grinning, and aside from the slight graying of her gums and her faded hay-colored hair she looked like she always had. Weathered and overworked but okay with it. "You finally back to stay this time?" Bella opened her thin paper napkin and covered one knee with it. "Well, you know about Charlie?" Maggie's smile vanished. "So sad." "So… that's why I'm here. I'll be here until… until the end." "As it should be." Maggie nodded as if proud of Bella's choice. Bella wondered if the town had been speculating about whether or not she'd come. Me and Forks, we never knew each other and still don't. Maggie topped off her coffee and left. Bella regarded her plate and all the food on it, a mountain of food. There's no room in me for all this. She was empty, but not in a way food could rectify. "Maggie's right. Some things don't change." A million years could have passed and she'd still know that voice. It was a voice that scraped at the inside of her flesh like hollowing a pumpkin, chafing her insides with its gravel and filling her with the thick smoke of expectation. She'd heard it a few times since leaving Forks, but only rarely. And once she'd heard his laugh, a breathy, wheezy, reluctant laugh that had made her sixteen all over again. She looked up at him. He was older. And though he had once been unbearably handsome—when his skin was unlined and his eyes untarnished and his hair uncombed—he looked somehow better now. Like he'd needed the wear and tear of age to make him a man. His face had been honed into reliable maturity, determination lines carved in the years between today and that windy, wildly hot summer day when she'd looked at him over the top of an ancient gas pump. If she'd known the terrain and topography of her future, she probably wouldn't have driven angrily off into the unknown tomorrow. "Can I sit with you?" "Always, Edward." She hadn't meant to say that. But of course, she hadn't meant not to either. He slid his lean body in across from her and sat with his arm resting on the edge of the booth like it was draped around an invisible girlfriend. "How long's it been? Got to be, like, five years." "Yeah. Five sounds right. It was at Sam's funeral when we last saw each other. Not there, but in town after." "Right. You were headed back down to San Diego. Jeez, I think I forgot all about Sam. That's… well that's pretty fucking awful of me." She shrugged. What were they supposed to do? Live in the past? He gestured at her plate. "Still a vegetarian, I see. Or is that cow between those sesame buns?" She smiled a you know me too well smile. "I guess that's why you stayed skinny when my wife didn't." It wasn't malicious, but it wasn't right either. She wondered what Jake said about her when he was sitting at a diner with an old flame. Maybe that she was boring and mousy. Maybe that she never gave blow jobs anymore. Maybe it wasn't what he said about her, but rather what he said about himself. About how his heart just wasn't in his marriage any more. Or that he loved his wife but he wasn't in love with his wife. "Well. It's probably hard, married to a rancher… who eats nothing but meat and potatoes." "Potatoes. That's a vegetable, right? Grows in the dirt." Edward's mouth curved into the closest thing to a smile it ever got. Except for that rare laugh, that rare full commitment to humor. She gave him a pinched smile, "I think it's actually considered a starch." "You still do that thing with your face. That… I didn't forget." She felt as self-conscious as if she were a teenager again. It was his intense gaze that did it. Under his scrutiny, she couldn't seem to change her expression. It was frozen in that smushed-up smile. "And look at that blush. Damn, Bella. I feel like I'm fucking fifteen again and just got Charlie to let me hold your hand." She hid her face behind her coffee cup. "So, how are you? How's everything? Your folks?" It wasn't so much a nod as a rocking forward and back. "Esme died last year, complications from diabetes. Don't know if you heard?" "Oh no, I didn't. I'm sorry." "Well, yeah. And then Car had a stroke. He's recovering; just has some aphasia now that's only really troublesome at Christmas when everyone's home. And it forced him to retire, which makes him fractious as all fuck. But he's settling to it. Slow, but settling." Maggie came around with the coffee pot. "Well, my word. If it isn't Edward Cullen himself. If I'da known you'd be coming round I'da sat Isabella at your table for old time's sake." She meant the booth by the hallway that led to the bathrooms where they'd always sat as kids. Eating fries and cherry pie and drinking cokes. "Hey, Maggie. Can I get a cup of that?" "Why you sure can, sweetie. Have one right here for ya." Maggie thumped down another sturdy diner mug and filled it with coffee. Edward added cream and tore open two sugar packets and shook them in, picking up where he'd left off. "And Allie's getting divorced." "Oh no. What happened there?" Edward stirred his coffee. "Kids grew up and moved out and she and Ben just decided they didn't really like each other anymore." Bella absently dragged a fry from her plate and ate it. She thought maybe she understood about Alice and Ben. Love wore down. "And I get that. I hate that I get that, but I get that." Bella also got that. She nodded. "Anyway, she's still young enough to start over. And she seems to be doing just that." "And Leah?" She felt about Leah the way she felt about Rosalie, the buxom blonde health teacher who ran the drama society at San Diego Prep. The woman she was certain Jake imagined during their increasingly infrequent marital intimacies. Rosalie was nice enough—and married to a former Olympian—but Bella still felt the shadow her allure cast across her already darkening marriage. I'm dying inside. She wanted to scream it in Jake's face and throw things. But she never did. She just kept on quietly wilting under complacent negligence. Edward shrugged like Leah was the most irrelevant thing they could discuss. "She's fine. She's got a little produce stand at the farmers market where she sells kale and shit from the ranch. She also makes these… soap things. Like gourmet soap. And lotions." "Cool." But Bella didn't really think it was cool. "Now that the kiddos are off, we kind of do our own thing. Jessie's in a Peace Corps program as a health worker. And Angie went off to UDub last fall. Organic chemistry or something. Can you believe that?" "You're smart Edward. I don't know about Leah, but you always sold yourself short." "Yeah well. Our girls didn't turn out like me or Leah. Jessie's rootless. Ang's a