Standard disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognisable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. They lay together on the hood of his car, blissful and content. The night was lovely. The sky was filled with twinkling stars, some bigger than others and some barely noticeable, sparkly little specks but lovely nonetheless. The darkness surrounding them didn't seem to engulf them- rather it seemed to blanket and cocoon them in a bubble of their own. The breeze blowing had a smell of spring in it. It was telling them age old stories of new beginnings and joyful encounters, it was telling them of a time when life was simple and easy, when people were not corrupted and purity prevailed in their every single action. Bella snuggled closer to Edward, putting her head on his chest. He wound his arms around her to bring her closer. They spoke in soft whispers, stole occasional kisses from each other and gazed up at the starry sky in wonder and appreciation. They had first bumped into each other in the supermarket. Later, as they started talking, they realised they had a lot of common friends but unfortunately had never met each other before. Their story wasmuch like a modern age fairytale. They had started by going out on a few dates with each other and gradually, they had fallen in love. It was like they were meant to be with each other. Pointing at the sky, Edward said, "Look, it's a shooting star!" Bella looked up and there it was- a largish speck of light making its way across the sky, like a fallen angel being banished from the heaven. "Quick, make a wish!" She looked at the angelic face of her boyfriend and said, "What could I possibly wish for, when I have everything I want, or will ever want, right beside me?" Looking down sceptically but with amusement in his eyes, he said, "Are you sure that you will always want me?" "Yeah, I am pretty sure I will." She said winking at the love of her life. "Even when I grow old and my hair goes grey? When my teeth fall out?" "Hmmm... not so sure about that," She replied playfully. "Huh?! And here I thought that you actually loved me," He shook his head, feigning mock hurt. Grabbing his face in her delicate hands, she said, "I will ALWAYS love you Cullen. Don't you ever dare to forget that. And yes, that means even when your hair goes grey and your teeth fall, until you look like a mangy, toothless cat!" "Dramatic much, Swan? Jeez, I was just messing around with you! And just for the record, I love you too- more than you'll ever know," "I am pretty sure I know how much you love me," She sighed out lovingly. "Are you sure you aren't gonna make a wish?" "If you are so eager on making me wish, then I guess, I will," She said, closing her eyes, making a random wish. After she opened them, she found Edward looking at her expectantly, "Well." "Well?" "What did you wish for?" "If I tell you then it won't come true." "Are you sure? Because I think I can make all your wishes come true," He said, cockily. "You can believe whatever you want to," "Bella?" "Yes," "Just say it," "Okay, fine! I wished to get a new phone because my old one is getting really slow and sluggish," "Hmm... do you know what I wished for, right now?" "What?" "I wish to make sweet love to the girl who has captured my heart completely," he said simply. "Well, Mr. Cullen, isn't that a little too cheesy?! But I think we can do something about fulfilling that wish of yours," she said coyly. "Oh yeah? Well I'd love to see you try-"before he could even finish the sentence, Bella launched herself at him. It was young love inits purest form. As they lay there panting, trying to catch their breaths, little did they know that it would be one of the last times they would be lying there together, sharing the same air, basking in each other's presence, glowing from the love that they had for each other. "Hope you visit us again, Mr. Cullen," Victoria hollered after the retreating from Edward. Originally Edward had decided to buy her a bracelet with different charms showing the various aspects of their relationship. Like for that time Bella had taken him to the meadow (this time by her own wish) and she was shit scared that a bear was following them on their way back- he had added a small cute bear charm. But then when he remembered what Bella had wished for, when they had gone star gazing, he couldn't help but want to give that to her as well. So he visited the Apple store in the nearby mall and bought her a new iPhone. To some it would seem that he was spending way too much money on a single birthday but he had more than enough to spend; what with his fatherbeing a renowned surgeon and his mother, being a fairly popular paediatrician. Bella hated it when he spent money on her but he wanted her to be lavished with everything and anything she could ever want. He wanted her to feel cherished and want for nothing. He wanted her to feel like the princess she was to him. As he was getting into the car, his phone started ringing. Pausing for a second, he looked down to see the callerID. It was Bella. Smiling lightly, he answered it, "Hey beautiful," "Hi cheesy. Watcha doing right now?" "Eh, nothing much... just running some errands," "Oh. Can you come over this evening? I wanna do my homework with you," "Yeah, sure," "Okay, then. See ya later," "Hm... bye, love you," "Love you," and she hung up. I hope she likes the gifts, he thought to himself. He sat inside the car, started the ignition and pulled out of the parking lot of the mall. He turned up the radio and drove along the road at a relatively slow pace, singing along whatever song was being played. That's when it happened. The unexpected part of life. Something you just want to erase out of your mind. Something you want to run away from. Suddenly, a truck came out of nowhere and was steadily hurtling towards him. He tried to swerve out of its way, but he knew that his efforts were futile. It was happening so fast yet everything had been lent a trance-like quality. He felt like he was dreaming as he saw the truck coming closer and closer. The last thought that he had, before the truck crushed into his car and he lost consciousness after a minute of enduring extreme pain in his head was- " Bella I love you." Blissfully unaware of the horrifying accident, Bella lay on her bed listening to music. She was thinking about all the things she had done with Edward, all the memories they shared. Feeling her stomach grumble, Bella got up from her bed and made her way down to the kitchen. She rummaged through her refrigerator. She found some orange juice and was going to help herself to some when her phone started ringing. She was hoping that it would be Edward and excitedly look down at the screen of her phone to see the callerID, but was disappointed to see that it was just Alice, Edward's little sister. "Hey Ali!" "Be-Bella?" Alice's broken reply came, sniffling sounds coming from behind. "Alice? Alice what happened?!" she said, consternation lacing her voice. "Bella, it's... it's..." Alice said, unable to finish because of the sobs wracking her body. "What, Alice? What happened?" Bella asked. "Bella, it's Edward..." Bella felt her stomach drop. Her legs began to shake. "What happened to him?" she whispered. "He has been in a car accident. Please come over as soon as you can," She swayed. Her eyesight began to sway. "Okay, I'll be there right away," she managed to choke out. And as Bella hurried to her rusty truck, tears of fear and worry clouding her sight, the glass and the container of orange juice lay unopened on the table. Bella drove as fast as she could and was in the range of the hospital within ten minutes but to her it felt like hours. They were probably the most agonizingly long minutes of her entire life. She jumped out of the truck as soon as it came to a skidding halt. She ran to the entry of the hospital and yelled at the receptionist, "Where is Edward Cullen's room?" The receptionist started to say, "May I..." when Alice spotted her and ran to her. "Bella! Oh my god, Bella! Edward, he..." and Alice broke down sobbing in her arms. Edward. Edward are you okay? "Alice, you're scaring me. Please tell me what happened," Bella said, unable to stop a few tears from escaping her eyes. She had a pretty bad feeling that Edward was gravely harmed and the mere thought of him being in any kind of pain was killing her. "Bella!" Wrenched out of her morbid thoughts, she turned her head to see Esme coming towards her with an equally tear stained face like Alice. "Would someone please tell me what happened?" "Come let's first go to where Edward currently is. I'll tell you all that happened on the way," Seeing Esme, who was normally so calm and collected, in such a distressed and scared state made Bella evensurer that something horrible had happened. She was dying to know what happened with Edward but some part of her was scared shitless of the news. It was like she wanted to know what had happened to him, but knew that she wouldn't be able to handle the news. She just wanted to rewind time. As they got into the elevator Esme recounted what all happened- a drunk truck driver was speeding down the one way lane and crashed into Edward's car. Luckily Edward had tried to move out of its way, so he didn't get fully crushed, otherwise he would have been dead by they were walking towards the ER, Esme said, with a shaking voice, "but he has not got out of this unscathed- he is far from it." "He has sustained several cerebral contusions and due to the damage to his brain tissues, his cranium is under heavy pressure, which is potentially dangerous and life threatening Bella!" Esme exclaimed in dismay. She couldn't really pay attention to what was going on around her. Everything she heard seemed to come from somewhere far away. As she slid down to the floor, she wrapped her arms around her knees and curled into a small human ball. She was unable to think any coherent thoughts, just bits and pieces of the memories that she had of the both of them flitted across her mind. His crooked smile, his twinkling green eyes, his laughter, the way he crinkled his nose whenever he was doing or saying something unpleasant- she could see it all in her mind. Something, she had a feeling she would never be able to see again. The mere thought of existing in a world where Edward did not exist was abhorrent and unimaginable to her. Just thinking about Edward not being able to live anymore made her heart scream out with pain. She felt like ripping her heart out. It was hurting her too much. Tears ran down her cheeks uncontrollably and she vaguely felt Alice sitting down beside her on the floor, wrapping her arms around her and the two women sat there in an awkward embrace, needing the physical closeness. Seeing Bella completely break down, Alice tried her best to remain calm and comfort Bella; though she couldn't help but let a few tears leak through her eyes. She patted Bella's