**This is not slash, but it is a threesome** This is my entry for the Carlisle Uncovered Contest. It won the special category award Three's Company for the hottest threesome! It is E/B+C=3. Please proceed accordingly, lol. Visuals of a certain adult nature can be found on my blog, meteoronamoonlessnight dot blogspot dot com Since my beta was a judge, I kept it a secret from her. Thank you to coppertopj for your help! Disclaimer: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. When you work fifty hours a week and so does your wife, it can be damn near impossible to find time for sex. We are always too tired, too busy, and when we do have sex on the weekends it's quick and lacking in excitement. We fall asleep on the couch in the evenings in front of the TV, waking each other in the early hours to move to the bed. It's a rut, and it's a terrible schedule to keep. I'm bored with our sex life. I keep trying to think of some way to make things more interesting, like we used to do back in college. We've been together since our freshman year, and we would get wild at parties. Drinking too much and swapping partners was a regular occurrence when we were in our twenties. But now, in our thirties, we're stuck. It's when Carlisle Cullen, CEO of Cullen Enterprises and my boss, is sitting in my office one day that I have an epiphany. "Hey, Carlisle, haven't you mentioned some club you go to on the weekends? Where there are girls for days." He stops writing on his legal pad and looks up at me, his glasses perched on the end of his nose. His hair is always perfectly styled, his suits perfectly tailored. Bella has mentioned more than once that she thinks he's hot, but off limits. He takes his glasses off and holds them in front of him as he answers me. "Yes. Are you telling me that you and your wife may be interested in that lifestyle? You gave me the impression that wasn't your thing." "Well, it isn't. Wasn't. But, you know, ten years is a long time to have missionary sex," I grouse. "That's basically how long we've known each other. Why haven't you spoken up sooner? The only way to get what you want is to ask for it," he points out. "There was a time I didn't even have to ask," I sigh. "She used to be crazier than me." Carlisle frowns. "Bella, right?" I nod. "Why don't you bring her this Saturday night? I'll email you an invitation," he offers. "Yeah, that would be great. I'll ask her, and hopefully I can convince her." I smile a little wistfully at the thought of what we could learn at a sex club. "That sounds great. Now, where are we with next quarter's projections?" Carlisle slides his glasses back on and goes back to his paperwork. When I get home, I'm nervous as hell. I'm pretty sure Bella will be interested in something more exciting than what we've been doing, but the club that Carlisle is a member at is… more than anything we've tried. "Baby? I'm home!" I call from the front door. "In here!" I hear her voice from a distance, toward our bedroom. I search until I find her in our walk in closet flipping through the hangers full of clothes. "Whatcha doing?" I lean on the doorframe and watch her pick a dress and hang it back up. "I have a meeting tomorrow, so I'm trying to pick out what I want to wear." She turns to me with a smile, kissing my cheek before continuing with her hunt. "Mmm. Baby, I wanted to talk to you about something," I start. "Okay." She doesn't face me. "I was wondering if you would like to try something new this weekend?" I hedge, shuffling my feet in nervousness. "Is there some new Indian restaurant you haven't tried yet? Honestly, it makes my stomach hurt just thinking about it." "No. Jesus, no, Bella. Would you look at me?" I reach out and tug on her arm so she'll stop what she's doing and face me. "Now you have me worried, Edward Masen. Do you need a kidney?" She worries her lower lip between her teeth, and I press my thumb to it to make her stop. "No. I was thinking about spicing up our sex life, you know, making it a little more adventurous. I was talking to Carlisle today, and he mentioned the club he goes to most weekends. He invited us, said he would email us an invitation if we were interested." There. I've said it. Her pupils dilate. "Really? Because I've wanted to ask you about trying something different, but I was afraid of your reaction." "You were? Like what?" Is she about to make my fantasies a reality? She wraps her arms around my neck. "A threesome," she whispers. "With, uh, another guy." My eyes widen at that admission. "Wow. You want me and some random dick both pounding you at the same time?" My voice may or may not have risen an octave. "No! There are things, positions, to keep you apart." I have to work not to groan. I asked for this, after all. "The place he goes is a BDSM club. I thought we could look at what goes on, maybe pick up some new positions, get a fresh perspective on ideas?" She nods, leaning in to kiss me. "Okay. We'll go and see." She kisses me again. "Now, I'm starving. Takeout?" "Of course." That was Wednesday. I purposely stayed away from her the next two evenings, to build anticipation. Oh, who am I kidding? She fell asleep on the couch like she normally does. So here we are, Saturday night, and I'm in nice dark jeans and a dark grey button down with the sleeves rolled up. I've been nervously pacing the living room, waiting for Bella to finish dressing. I'm nervous as fuck. I know I'm going to have sex tonight, possibly in a public place, possibly with another man involved. My dick could touch another man's dick. Oh, God, what if the other guy is hung better? I'd be mortified. Bella comes into the room then, causing me to stop my overthinking. My girl is wearing a black and blue long sleeved dress with snippets of lace and ties everywhere. Tall, thigh high black boots held up by more ties make her legs look miles long. "Fuck, Bella. Every man in that place will be drooling over you." My pants are getting tight at the thought of her being the center of attention in a sex club. She grins at me. "Now you'll finally know how I feel when we go somewhere and every girl from thirteen to barely having a pulse makes it a point to stare and drool at you." She laughs as she comes closer, spinning so I can see her dress is backless except for a few black ties. "You're torturing me." She takes my hand and runs ours together down the front of her dress. We hitch up the hem, stroking her inner thighs. "I just want you to know I'll be wet for you all night. Whatever happens, I love you and I'm coming home to our life, with you ." "I love you," I groan. "I love you, too. Now let's get the hell out of here." Driving through the dark, wet streets, I start feeling more confident than before. I can do this, I can make my wife happy and fulfilled, and I'll get satisfaction in return. I find myself excited as I hand the keys to a valet and rest my hand on Bella's bare back as we approach the doorman with our invitation. The tall, dark haired man looks over the piece of paper and waves us inside. I text Carlisle that we're here, and head to the bar as we agreed. He comes over a few minutes later, and I catch my wife looking him over as he does. "Edward, I'm pleased you came," Carlisle greets me. I've never seen him in a t-shirt and jeans, but he looks casual and comfortable in his own skin. "You remember Bella, don't you?" She smiles at him. "Of course I do. Lovely as ever, Bella." Carlisle leans in and kisses Bella on the cheek, and she places her hand in the middle of his chest. I raise an eyebrow as I realize that my wife is interested in my boss. "It's nice to see you again as well, Mr. Cullen." He gives her a wolfish grin. "While I do so love to be called Mr. Cullen, you may call me Carlisle. Tell me, have you ever called your husband sir? " My eyes glitter at the thought. "It's been a long time, but she used to." "Well, then. Let's try that for tonight, shall we?" he addresses Bella. She smiles coyly, reaching over to run her hand over my arm. "Yes, sir." She's answering Carlisle but looking into my eyes. I find I enjoy it immensely. My girl is ready to play. Carlisle grins. "Excellent. Perhaps a drink before visiting the play rooms?" We all agree and order from the bar, opting to carry our drinks with us. I find myself studying my boss through the eyes of my wife to see what she finds attractive about him. He's tall; perhaps a few inches taller than myself, with brownish blonde hair that is just long enough to style back on his head. Without his glasses, his blue eyes twinkle as he laughs at something Bella said near his ear. He's broad shouldered, maybe even a little wider in the chest than I am. He exudes confidence, which I suppose helps him gain the eyes of the women in the room. I catch him staring at Bella's ass, and he shrugs unapologetically, looking younger than his forty something years. The first room we go to is a bondage display; the woman is tied in complicated knots with a black rope, her legs bent and her arms behind her. The rope winds around her torso and circles her breasts, up to and around her throat. Her leather-clad master is currently positioning her on her back on the padded table, spreading her bound legs and kneeling at the end. I place my hand on Bella's back as the man snakes out his tongue and uses it on his playmate. I stroke her bare skin in time with the woman's hips thrusting into the man's face. Bella shifts her thighs, and I gaze down at her to find her staring at the scene in front of us. She parts her lips, and in the noise of the crowd, I can only speculate if she sighed or moaned. Carlisle leans to her ear as the sub on the stage cries out louder and louder. "Is that something you're interested in, Bella?" I hear him say. She bites her lip. "Not being trussed like a chicken, no. But the rest... " "Do you see how she is completely at his mercy?" he asks as they watch together. "His only concern is her pleasure, and that is her only concern as well. For now, anyway." I think about what he said, and I realize I'm not against it. But if Bella isn't up for it, then we'll find something else. She shakes her head. "Well, then, let's see what other presentations are on display this evening." I have to admit, Carlisle is a smooth son of a bitch. He nods at almost all of the men we pass, and kisses the hand of many women. The style of