Weddings "Oh my gosh! Effie! It's beautiful!" Annie twirled in the mirror, basking in her own reflection, as the soft white lace spun at her feet. "Oh, Effie, truly, it's perfect, thank you!" She hopped off the little platform, where Katniss usually stood for her fittings, and pulled Effie into an embrace. "Thank you!" Annie said once more and placed a gentle kiss at Effies cheek. "You're welcome dear" Effie replied awkwardly. She wasn't used to such affection from anyone, let alone praise for her design work. "I mean it Effie" Annie persisted with genuine adoration "you're so very gifted, always remember that" she hugged her again with a squeal and jumped back in front of the mirror "I'm getting married!" She sang giddily "actually married! To the man of my dreams!" As Annie continued to spin and dance in her soon to be wedding gown, Effie watched, entranced by the flowing white material, the subtle under layer of sequin, the simple lace buttoned back and the fine net veil and it brought a tear to her eye. She had never created anything so beautiful. She was only sad because she knew, a dress like this, would never be made for her. "A bridesmaid?" Katniss questioned with sudden fear "you want me to be your...bridesmaid?" She could barely choke the word out "I...I'm not...no, I couldn't possibly!" Annie's smile started to fade "but, you saved my life Katniss, you brought me back to my love! We both adore you, how could you not be a part of our wedding?" "I'm happy to be apart of it Annie" Katniss tried her best defence "but as a guest or maybe I could decorate the walls or something. But, a dress? Everyone staring at me as I walk down the isle?...I don't know Annie, I'm sorry, it brings back so many memories of the events before and after the games, I'm not-" "Oh! Of course!" Annie cut in guilty. The victory tours and balls, she remembered them well. It was still all very whirlwind to Katniss at the moment "I didn't think about it that way, how terribly stupid of me, I'm so so sorry Katniss" she apologised but Katniss waved her hand "Don't be sorry, please. I promise I'll..I'll think about it" Annie squealed in delight and dished out another hug "thank you! Thank you! If you agree I'll ask Effie to make you any kind of dress you want, it can be as plane as you like and you don't even have to walk down the isle, run for all I care! I just want you up there with us, it would be so perfect!" Katniss forced a smile to reassure her. Annie was a sweet girl, it was very hard to say no to her. She made her excuses and made her way to the fitting studio. The mention of Effie reminded her that she was already 20 minutes late for her next promo outfit fitting with her and she knew how Effie hated bad punctuality. "Best man? Really?" "Of course!" Finnick grinned. Haymitch had been first choice from the moment he'd asked Annie to be his wife. "You've been a great figure in my life Haymitch. I wouldn't want anybody else up there with me" Haymitch was dumbstruck. Never in a million years would he have thought he'd be given such a responsibility. "I'm honoured Finnick. Thank you" Haymitch answered with a dumb grin "but, what exactly do I have to do?" He'd never even been to a wedding. "Well, the most important task is for you to not lose the rings" he said seriously "You'll be carrying them on the day" "Pretty sure I can handle that" Haymitch nodded "when did you get rings?" "Beetee made them" he pulled out two steal bands from his pocket, both cut into the pattern of sea weed, one slightly bigger and thicker than the other. "The sea weed was Effies idea" "Huh, figures" Haymitch noted, taking the rings for a closer inspection "I thought it was a perfect idea. Reminds us of home, where we met...Effies very creative" he heard a 'Ping' and Haymitch guiltily picked up one of the bands from the floor "Sure you got this?" Finnick quizzed nervously "I'll find a nice secure box for them on the day" Haymitch winked in reply "you can count on me" "A bridesmaid?! Oh Katniss, that's wonderful news!" Effie sang, clapping her hands together "hold still, just a few more pins..." Katniss was still unsure "is it?" "Yes! It'll be good for you! Now, turn" "But everyone's eyes on me? I don't think I'm ready" Effie placed the final pin in Katniss's outfit then spun her around. "My darling Katniss, if all eyes are on you, I've definitely done my job wrong!" She teetered to the dress bag hung upon one of the mirrors and unzipped "tadaa!" "Oh my gosh..." Katniss gasped, eyeing the glittering white lace dress "you made that?" "Of course" Effie grinned "Cinna...he taught me well" they shared a soft look "Effie, it's...its really beautiful" "Oh, thank you" Effie blushed Katniss held her head up high "You're right! Why am I worried about people looking at me. This isn't my day. It about Annie and Finnick" Effie smiled, zipping the dress away "you'll be wonderful dear. Don't worry about a thing, I have the perfect idea of a dress for you" Katniss cringed and Effie took her by the hands "Trust me" "I do" she looked in the mirror at her next promo outfit. Effie had used a dark green this time, infused with deep mahogany brown stitching. It reminded her of the forest. It reminded her of home. "I absolutely do" "Must we rehearse everything?" Katniss sighed after her 5th time up and down the isle "Practice makes perfect!" Effie cheered, drawing smiles from Annie and Finnick "We really do appreciate this Effie" Annie grinned thankfully "I'm terrified, what If I fall over infront of all those people?" "Then I will catch you my love" Finnick grinned, kissing his soon to be bride. "But what if you fall over too? What if you faint? What if we both faint!" "Nobody is going to faint dear" Effie reassured, rubbing Annie's shoulders "and if anybody's going to fall over it's probably going to be Katniss" "Hey!" Katniss protested, even though there was truth to the statement "I only ever fell over when I had to wear those ridiculously high shoes you gave me" "Aaaaand If you'd have practiced in them like I always used to urge you to, you wouldn't have fallen at all" Effie grinned, winning the argument "right! Now for the bride! Finnick, you stand there next to Haymitch" Effie pushed him up the stage to where Haymitch was sat "and you, stand!" She ordered him "and smile, please, this isn't a funeral" "Be your funeral soon princess if you carry on" he muttered loud enough for Finnick to hear, the pair chuckled as Effie shot them both daggers "Annie, darling, now it's your turn" Effie escorted her to the beginning of the isle and was about to walk back to the alter when Annie stopped her, shaking her head "Effie, I can't! I'm nervous already, how am I going to feel on the day!" "That's what a rehearsal is for" Effie soothed, shooting Katniss a look "just walk slowly, one step at a time, all the way down until you get to Finnick" "Then what? What do I say, what do I do? How slow do I walk? What if I walk too slow or not in time with the music or quicker than the music?! What if the music ends before I reach him or if I get there too soon?! Oh Effie!" "Annie! Get a hold of yourself!" Effie chuckled raising her voice a little. The girl was practically hyperventilating. Suddenly she heard a crash behind her and spun around to see Finnick out cold at the alter. "My love!" Annie cried, running towards him. Haymitch was already over him, pouring a glass of water in his face as Annie and Effie reached them. Finnick spluttered awake as pale as a ghost "Did I just faint?!" "Yes my love" Annie soothed, kissing his forehead "maybe you should sit this out for now?" She suggested. Finnick nodded and was helped to his feet by Haymitch "See, best man. Doing a great job already" Finnick smiled and Haymitch returned it hesitantly "Haymitch, yes, you stand in for the groom for now, Annie, take a seat at the front with Finnick for just a moment, we'll play the music, I'll be you, just watch my steps. Count if you need to" Effie walked back to the end of the isle, picking up the practice bouquet "Now Effies marrying Haymitch?" Katniss chuckled to herself drawing a displeased look from Annie "Concentrate" "Sorry" Effie nodded to the musicians and the music started up. Annie began to count, watching Effies feet like a hawk as Haymitch got into place at the head of the alter. As the melody kicked in, Effie took her time, narrating her steps... "One together and two together and one together and two together. Keep your eyes forward, head held high, one together and two together and one together and two...focus on Haymitch- ah! Finnick!" Effie shook her head, suddenly distracted by the pair of blue eyes, beckoning her forward. "Focus-on-Finnick. Keep eye contact..." Haymitch humoured her, keeping up his end, waiting patiently as she approached, never letting his eyes drop. "Take the steps slowly..." Effie continued, ascending the alter to face the 'groom' Annie watched on intensely "Then what Effie?" But Effie found herself distracted again. The music had slowed at just the right moment as Haymitch held out his hand to guide her the rest of the way. She took it, lost in the romance of the moment, lost in his eyes, his gentle, amused smile. She gazed up at him with deep and dreamy eyes as he pulled her closer, playing the role expertly. It was Finnick that suddenly noticed the change in him. Gone was the smirk, his features had relaxed and it was almost as if the entire room had faded away, leaving just the two of them stood there "Effie?" Annie asked again but Finnick nudged her and caught her attention. "Yes my love?" Katniss giggled at Annie's innocence "would you look at them" she nodded in whisper. Annie's gaze lifted from Effies feet to her face... then to Haymitchs face...then to the two of them. The penny dropped and she turned back to Katniss and Finnick with a large and goofy grin. Despite the distraction, Effie tried her best to keep up the pretence that this was all for their benefit "Keep hold of each other's hands..." She instructed shakily, feeling Haymitchs thumbs rub over the backs of hers "Then we say our vows... of eternal love" Finnick added with a grin, still watching the pair intently. Annie caught onto his game and smiled wickedly "And when the vows have been said and we are pronounced husband and wife...then what happens?" She asked expectantly, prompting the three of them to lean forward in their seats. Haymitch caught himself looking down a Effies lips, licking his own eagerly "Then I think we kiss" Haymitch stated with a glint in his eye "Yes..." Effie agreed, like a dear caught in the headlights "yes I think we...we..." Haymitch leaned in and suddenly it all got too real "Kiss! Yes!" Effie trilled, snapping herself and the rest of them out of their hazy little bubble "Finnick and Annie kiss, then they walk back down the isle together, wedding part over, music begins, party starts, lots of dancing and food and that, well, pretty much sums it up!" She sang, staggering off the alter and up the isle as quick as her heels could take her "great rehearsal! You're all wonderful! The wedding will