AN 1 (Dec 2013): Hey y'all! MDP here again :D I've been rather out of action due to school over here in the UK, but hoping to crank out some pages over winter vacation. This was one of the oneshots / fragments I wrote before I left for school, and which I rediscovered a few days ago while going through my files. Hope you enjoy! AN 2 (Mar 2014): Hey everyone! MDP here, and this oneshot/fragment has now officially become a multi-shot (or longer) story. The big change I was promising in the reviews is the title change! Second chapter is now up, and this first chapter, which I initially uploaded in December, has received some minor edits - nothing fundamentally different, but there might be some additional subtle developments relevant to the later chapters. The first day of school. Lovely. It's not that I hated school per se , but once you started packing your diplomas into filing cabinets rather than hanging them on your wall, the value and overall excitement that school afforded became rather diminished in outlook. Especially when this was the first day of school for junior year at Forks High. This was our first, and hopefully last, round in the sleepy little town of Forks. Rose and I hated it after just a month here last September, but the boys loved it. Jasper loved the peace and quiet, and Emmett... well, he just liked any opportunity of wrestling with grizzlies. He would have preferred living in northern British Columbia or Alaska a bit more, but the dearth of skyscrapers and shopping malls in even the remote vicinity was a downright horrifying prospect to Rose and I. So we vetoed them, and compromised on Forks, which was close enough to the Olympic Mountains and wilderness areas to satisfy Emmett, remote enough to please Jasper, and close enough, relatively speaking, to Seattle and Vancouver for me and Rose. There was an unspoken reason that none of us would mention: it was as far away as possible from where we spent our last few happy years with Carlisle and Esme. "Bells! Get your sparkly vampire ass down here now!" Emmett called from downstairs. "We're going to be late for school if you don't move faster, Bella. Your punctuality could put the atomic clock to shame," Rose snarked. Emmett guffawed, and even Jasper snickered a bit. "Shut up, all of you," I grumbled. Even Rose laughed this time, while I hastily threw on a suitable ensemble. Tank top, studded black leather moto jacket, dark-wash skinny jeans, ankle boots, a beanie. My eyes scanned the room rapidly to make sure I hadn't missed anything. Oh, and my watch and ring. Perfect. I blurred downstairs and found them down in the living room, still chuckling. Rose and Emmett were reclining together on the loveseat, Em's muscled arm wrapped around Rose's beautiful figure, while Jasper was lounging in the armchair. "No make-up, Bella," Rose mused, giving me a one-over. "Of course not," I snorted. "Why bother? Just so I can impress some hormonal teenage boys? Puh-leez. As if I have any trouble with that as it is." Rosalie sniffed, pretending to be affronted, and tutted disapprovingly. "You never feel like impressing anyone except the teachers." I wrinkled my nose. "Don't make that sound perverse, Rose. You know-" "Alright, everyone, enough with the banter," Jasper interrupted softly. I shot Rose a mock-withering glare, and her lips twitched upwards in response. "Just want to remind you guys about how we're going to go about this school year. I tried getting our schedules to match each other's as much as possible, but unfortunately, we're all going to have some classes alone. However, I did manage to get all of us into the same English block-" "Hell yea!" Emmett boomed. Rose and I chuckled at his enthusiasm. "This is gonna be awesome! I can't wait to see the look on Dennis's face when we all walk into her classroom!" "English is definitely going to be fun this year," I agreed. "Jasper, you're going to send Dennis off into retirement early." Jasper winked and made a faux bow. "Anyways," he continued. "Just a reminder: no messing around with the humans. Even if we all have great self control, we can never be sure of ourselves." "Yeah, and you forget we're a heck of a lot cooler than a bunch of humans," Emmett added boisterously, and Rose and Jasper smirked. I nodded along. Same old, same old. Every year, a similar speech from Jasper, and a similar response from one of the lovebirds. It wasn't that I disagreed - after all, none of the humans I've met in my existence so far, apart from one or two who I considered to be friends for a brief time before we moved on to the next town - it was just... boring to hear the same didactic from Jasper year after year. In the next moment, everyone got up and headed for the garage - Jasper for his Mercedes, Rose and Emmett for Rose's BMW, and I for my lime-green Lamborghini Gallardo. We all revved up, slid down the driveway, and burst down the road into town, all of us attempting to maneuver into lead without scratching any of our beloved cars. Unfortunately, Rose won, and now my Lambo getting stuck between Rose's BMW and Jasper's Mercedes. I gave Rose the finger, which I knew she could spot through her rear-view mirror, and she tapped her brakes in response. Growling, I glanced at the opposite lane, and seeing no one, swerved into the oncoming lane, accelerated hard, passed a dumbstruck Rose with my finger still in the air, and sped forward, making it to school in a record 7 minutes and 48 seconds. I'm not really competitive. I just hate losing to my siblings. All of the humans were staring by the time my siblings' cars rolled into the parking lot. In this land of ancient pick-up trucks and sedans, our flashy cars stuck out like garish sore thumbs. I shrugged and sauntered over to the entrance at a breezy human pace. I had memorized my schedule when Jasper passed it to me before we left the house, and first block was AP European History, a class that I shared with none of my siblings but taught this year by Mr. Porter, who wouldn't care a whit if I was late. Still, as a rule, I tried not to be late to any of my classes unless I really felt under the weather. "Bella," Mr. Porter greeted when I strolled into class. "I'm glad to see you're still taking history. You have a great deal of talent in this subject area." "Mr. Porter," I said with a nod and small, surprisingly unfeigned smile. "Thank you. Good to see you teaching this year as well." I liked history. And I liked Mr. Porter as a teacher. I just failed to mention to him that I had already earned a doctorate in history from Yale seven years ago for a thesis on medieval history. As soon as I sat down, I saw from the corner of my visual field that Mike Newton had swaggered into class as well. Good Lord, that imbecile was in my class as well? Oh, and he was followed by no one else than the creeper James Witherdale. Both of them spotted me sitting near the window and attempted (unsuccessfully) to claim the spot next to me without making it look like a mad dash. Newton wedged in a split second before Witherdale arrived, and Witherdale tried very very hard not to look disappointed as he slouched over to a nearby table, where he proceeded to ogle me, as usual. Well, at least Newton was the lesser of two evils... "Hey Bella, how was your summer?" he asked me, trying to sound deep and smooth but ending up just sounding smarmy. So maybe not to the "lesser" part. "Good enough," I replied with a touch of frost in my voice. There was a much appreciated moment of silence before I realized that Newton actually expected me to ask him how his summer went. When I didn't say anything and proceeded to turn my head to the window, Newton hastily interjected, "What classes do you have this year?" "Too many to bother remembering," I drawled, pointedly keeping my gaze out of the window. "Umm... would you mind if I took a look at your schedule?" Newton asked, voice quavering slightly. I slowly turned to face him, looking at him in the eyes. His eyes went wide before he shifted his gaze away from my intent one as he struggled to regain his composure. "Guess what, Newton?" I said in a cold low tone, but still enough for him to hear me. "I do mind. So no thanks. I'd prefer to keep the number of classes we manage to share this year an unpleasant surprise for myself." With that, I turned away from him just as Mr. Porter announced the official start of class. I heard some people around me snicker a bit at my comment, including James Witherdale, and the corner of my lips twitched up in a smirk. Thankfully, AP History went by quickly, and my next block, AP Calculus, was with Jasper, the sibling to whom I was the closest. "How was your first block?" he said in a voice so soft and low that none of the humans could hear, once we sat down beside each other towards the back. "Decent enough, considering both Newton and Witherdale were in my history class," I replied rather crossly in the same voice register. "And how about you?" "Rose and I had French together with Leplat." "Boring?" "It was... alright." I snorted quietly. "That's your way of saying it's boring, Jazz." He flashed me a smile and made no attempt to rectify my accurate interpretation of his feelings towards the class. "Any worthwhile news?" Jasper hummed, looking straight at the teacher in a very convincing show of being engrossed in what the teacher (Mr. Whats-his-name... Barker?) was saying about the basic rules of differentiation. "Well," he said slowly. "There's apparently a new student. A transfer into our year." "From?" I asked, rather uninterested. "The South, I think." I pursed my lips and scribbled what Mr. Barker had written on the board onto the notepad in front of me, as if I were intently copying down his convoluted and useless notes on differential calculus. "That's rather far for someone to be from in boring Forks. Did you manage to hear why they moved?" "She's moved here with her mother, so I'm assuming that her parents are separated. I believe her mother's from hereabouts." "Ah." I paused for a second, backtracking in my thoughts. "She's a girl." "Yes. Mary Alice Brandon. Likes to be called Alice." "Figures," I scoffed. "Who the hell is called Mary Alice these days?" "It's a traditional Southern name," Jasper retorted good-humoredly. "Ancient, you mean," I retorted, smirking. "Perhaps even more ancient than you." A look ofshock and hurt flitted across his face, but the creases around his eyes, indicating his amusement, gave him away. "So what's she like, anyways, this... Alice girl?" "I was forced to listen in on Jessica Stanley's remarks on this new girl, unfortunately, but apparently, Alice has a very... positive personality," he drawled. "Ah." I frowned. I tended to dislike vivacious girls as a rule; they were far too much to handle. Jessica Stanley was a prime example of this. Gods, the girl could chatter on for hours if given the chance. There was no goddamn way to shut her up once you got her started. "A chatterbox?" "Not sure," he replied, shrugging. Then he grinned. "Jessica has all intentions of befriending her." "Good Lord," I sighed. "Here comes the new and improved Jessica version 2.0." Jasper's responding snickers morphed into light coughing as Mr. Barker swung his impassive gaze our way.