The Spirit of the Season "Merry Christmas!" "What's that?" The old woman asked, turning her face towards me. "I SAID, MERRY CHRISTMAS, ESME!" I shouted again, even louder, right beside her ear. It was still a few days early but the more I said it, the more likely it was to register. Esme smiled kindly and raised a wrinkled hand. "Oh, no, thank you, Rose, dear. You know I don't like peanuts." I sighed. Old Esme Cullen suffered from dementia, not to mention acute deafness, and she was a relatively new resident at the retirement home. I had been working here in a voluntary capacity for nearly a year and while I was fond of all the residents, Esme had become my favourite. Spending time with her almost felt like spending time with my own grandmother. I really wished she would stop calling me, 'Rose,' though. My name is Bella. Esme had returned to her knitting and I simply sat and watched her for a few minutes; the clicking of the needles was almost hypnotic. The old woman hummed a tune to herself as she worked and it made me smile. It was so easy to feel sorry for someone in her position but, within herself, Esme seemed incredibly happy and exuded that happiness to those around her. It was quite remarkable. "I have to go," I said loudly, resting my hand on her arm. "But I'll come back and see you tomorrow." "Hmm?" She responded, blankly. "I'll be back tomorrow!" "Alright, dear," Esme said, before reaching up and touching the side of my face. "Have a good day at school." I felt a lump in my throat and tears stinging behind my eyes as she smiled a sweet, motherly smile at me. I swallowed it back and simply nodded, watching as Esme once again went back to her knitting. I quickly gathered my things and made my way to the staff area, hoping to gather myself before I signed out. I fell into one of the chairs around the faux-wood table, which was strewn with various forms and paperwork, and took a few deep breaths. "Bella, is everything okay?" I hadn't even heard Jacob come into the room and the sound of his voice startled me. My heart rate accelerated and I rested my hand on my chest, sighing. "Jake, you scared me," I said, smiling slightly. "And, yeah, everything is fine." "Right," he replied, sceptically, as he made his way over to me. "That's why you look like you're about to cry." He sat himself down and linked his fingers together on top of the table, obviously waiting for me to confide in him. Jacob was one of the full-time carers and had been for many years – ever since his own father had lived and died here. I sat right back in my seat and ran a hand through my wavy, brown hair. "Can I ask you something about one of the residents?" Jacob nodded so I continued. "It's about Esme Cullen." "What about her?" He asked, frowning slightly. "Does she have any family? A daughter? A granddaughter, maybe?" "Not that I'm aware of," he replied, scratching at his stubble. "She had a husband but he died about a year ago; that's why she's here. The only visitors she gets are the volunteers, like yourself." He stared at me for a moment before speaking again. "Why do you ask?" "It's just…" I trailed off for a moment and leaned forward, resting my arms on the table. "She keeps calling me, 'Rose,' and I thought maybe she was confusing me with a family member." Jake reached over and took my hand, a sad smile on his face. "Mrs. Cullen has dementia, Bells. If Santa Claus came to visit her she'd probably call him, 'Rose,' too." He tried to placate me but all I could manage was a tight lipped smile. It was true she was unwell but the way she interacted with me was very motherly and she didn't call anyone else, 'Rose,' just me. There had to be a reason. "Esme is happy here; a lot of the other residents aren't," Jacob continued, releasing my hand. "We can at least be grateful for that." I knew he was right; so many of the residents here looked tired and haggard and seemed to be simply waiting for inevitable. Esme, on the other hand, wasn't like that at all. Still, I couldn't help thinking there was more to this mysterious, 'Rose,' than Jake thought. "You're right. Thanks Jacob," I said with a smile, before getting up off the chair and lifting my coat from the hook on the wall. "I gotta get home." "See you tomorrow?" He asked, as he stretched in his seat. "You sure will," I replied, adjusting my scarf around my neck. "Have a good night." The sharp December air hit me the second I stepped outside, like Jack Frost scratching his icy fingertips across my skin. I shivered and my breath misted in front of me as I reached into my pocket, taking out my gloves. An unexpected clattering noise drew my attention and I saw my iPod lying in a puddle of water, having just fallen out of the same pocket my gloves were in. "Aw, seriously ?" I groaned, bending down to retrieve my now ruined device. With a sigh of annoyance I shook the water off it as best I could and shoved it back into my coat, knowing that I couldn't afford to buy a new one. "Just my luck," I mumbled to myself, beginning the short walk home. It took less than ten minutes to walk from the retirement home back to my apartment but in the cold weather it always felt twice as long as that. I pulled the collar of my coat tighter around my neck as I turned into my street, feeling suddenly like someone was walking directly behind me. Without stopping, I slowly craned my head round to check but there was nobody there. Just darkness. It was probably just a cat or something… Nevertheless, I picked up the pace and thought warm thoughts until I reached the safety of home. The next day was Christmas Eve and after calling my dad to confirm our plans for tomorrow, I made my way to the retirement home to wish everyone a Merry Christmas. The ground was slippery with frost and I took my time getting there, just to be safe. I was clumsy at the best of times; I didn't need to add fuel to the fire. Stepping into the staff room I instantly felt a different energy than usual. Jacob was standing talking quietly with the Staff Nurse, Leah, and they both looked pointedly in my direction as I walked in. It was a little unnerving. I quickly took off my coat and scarf and hung them up, before timidly speaking. "Is everything alright?" Jacob softened his expression and took a few steps towards me. "It's Mrs. Cullen." I felt my stomach drop and closed the rest of the distance between Jake and I. "Oh, God, is she okay? Is she–" "She's fine, Bella," he interrupted in a soothing voice, placing his hand on my arm. I closed my eyes as a wave of relief washed over me. "She's just… she's very upset today," he continued. "She wouldn't eat anything this morning and she won't let any of the carers near her. She's been looking through a photo album for the last two hours." Jacob let go of my arm and sighed wearily, obviously conflicted as to how to deal with this. "We were hoping maybe you could talk to her. Try and calm her down, see what's wrong?" Leah piped up for the first time, leaning against the bench behind her and folding her arms across her chest. "She is very fond of you," she added as an afterthought, smiling softly. I took a moment to digest everything I had been told, before a fresh wave of worry took me over. What could have caused such a drastic change in Esme? I ran a hand through my hair and nodded. "Of course I'll talk to her," I said fervently. Walking into the main living area for the residents, my eyes were immediately drawn to Esme. She was sitting in her usual chair in the far corner – the perfect spot to keep an eye on everything. Today, however, all she seemed to be interested in was the photo album that was sitting open in her lap. I made my way over to her and paused for a moment before sitting in the seat beside her, waiting for her to tell me to go away. But she didn't. She didn't even seem to register my presence until I cleared my throat and addressed her directly. "Esme?" I coaxed, resting my hand on her arm. Finally she turned her head in my direction and gave me a sad smile. It was heart breaking, but at least she wasn't telling me to get away from her. Slowly she reached up and touched her soft, wrinkled hand to my face, her bright green eyes searching my own. "You're not her, are you?" She asked, in a way that suggested she already knew the answer. "You're not my Rose." Right there and then I understood what had brought about the sudden change in Esme. She was lucid; more so than I had ever seen her before. She was remembering things she never usually could, which explained the photo album – she wanted proof of the images and flashes of a forgotten life she saw in her head. "No," I finally replied in a raspy voice, shaking my head. "No, I'm not. My name is Bella." Esme stared blankly at me for a moment and I realised she hadn't heard me. "My name is Bella!" I said, louder. "Bella," the old woman repeated slowly, as if for the first time. Come to think of it, it may have been. "My friend, Bella." I felt that lump in my throat again at her words and her declaration of me as a friend. It filled me with joy that our companionship meant as much to her as it did to me. Esme dropped her hand from my cheek and turned her attention back to the album before her. Looking at it properly for the first time I saw black and white photographs, yellowing slightly with age, staring back up at me. Every picture had been arranged with great care and attention, with annotation written under each one. Carlisle and Esme's wedding, May 1939 was written beneath a photograph of a very young and elated looking Esme with her new husband. Another photo of the two of them standing alongside another man was placed above the description, Carlisle, Esme and Edward, New York City, March 1940 . The one that really caught my eye, though, was of a young mother with a baby cradled in her arms. Esme and Rose, April 1941 . "Rose," I whispered, without realising it. Esme smiled at me sadly again and turned over the page. Alice and Edward with Rose, 1941 ; Jasper and Rose, 1944 ; Carlisle and Emmett with Rose, 1948 … Page after page was turned, following the life of Rose; following every birthday and every family gathering. With every photograph, Esme got just a little bit more upset and by the time we had reached the last one – Rose's high school graduation – her tears had spilled over. I stood immediately and draped my arm across her shoulders, trying to provide any comfort I could. "She was your daughter," I said right by her ear, wanting confirmation and deliberately using the past tense. "I lost her," was Esme's only reply, the pain in her voice telling me it was as fresh in her mind now as it was when it happened. "It was a