For as long as I can remember, Annabeth Chase has been perfect. She always got a sticker in kindergarten for good behavior and got to go to the treat box in grade school. She's got perfect grades, perfect curls, perfect clothes, perfect Annabeth. There were some imperfections, like her home life, but no one cares about it that much. Now a days, half of the kids you meet have divorced parents and step parents all over. She's perfect. I, on the other hand, am not. I've got ADHD and dyslexia. The words jumble horribly, to the point of giving up. My doctor says it's one of the worst cases he's ever seen. My high school teschews didn't really care that much, just give me Fs and Ds. I couldn't scramble to money together to get my permit when I was fifteen, so I didn't start learning to drive until seventeen. Before that, I just skateboarded all over New York. They called me Percy Jackson, school slacker. Every once in a while, I'd forget to get a hair cut and my hair would be excessively shaggy. Before Annabeth was perfect, when she was just normal, we were best friends. One we hit middle school, however, we started to drift apart, falling into our current positions. She was smart so she got honors classes. I barely made it by with a D, so I got regulars and remedial classes. Annabeth was perfect. I was not. But I guess it wasn't that simple. The first time I saw Annabeth Chase outside of school was on a weekend in September, during my sophomore year. I'd just gotten a job at an ice cream shop not far from my home, was working when it happened. Before I could work on scooping and serving the soft served goodness, I was behind the register. It wasn't an entirely popular place, barely keeping up with their bills seeing as it was family owned in the giant city of New York. So when I saw perfect Annabeth walk in, her hair in a perfect bun, heels clicking against the tile, I was kinda shocked. My coworker, Maya, served her what could only be called a lesser Oreo blizzard (like the Dairy Queen stuff), before she walked over. "Hi Percy, I didn't know you worked here," Annabeth said. I feel like my eyes were wide open. Perfect Annabeth knew my name, and smiled at me. I would've thought she'd have forgotten about me at that time. "H..hi! Hello, Annabeth," I stammered out. She laughed that perfect laugh of hers. Several slightly uncomfortable moments later, I realized I was working. I rang her up, reciting her total. She pair with a credit card before heading to the door, giving me a small wave before leaving. "Your girlfriend is hot," Maya stated. I felt like I choked on the nonexistent food. "What! Annabeth Chase? That tall blonde that just walked in?" Maya nodded, as if I were stupid. "Maya, Annabeth Chase is not my girlfriend. We've been in the same class since kindergarten and that was the longest conversation we've ever have." I stated. "With the way she checked you out?" Maya tisked, shaking her head. "She did not check me out," I stated. "She totally did," Maya stated. "She went like—" Maya backed away, making a show to bat her eyelashes before slowly looking me up and down and biting her lip seductively. "Okay so she might've down that," I said. "Means nothing though. Did you see her?" "Yeah, either she lives around here or she really wanted to see you." Maya stated. I groaned, turning back to the register. We had little run-ins every so often after that, but I never saw anything questionable. The night things changed was a party, during our senior year. It was a party after the sports banquet in late May, mainly for all the seniors on any sports teams with several sluts and other popular kids included. Jason Grace, captain of football team and probably the richest kid in school was hosting at his Dad's massive mansion just outside of the city. Being the classy person I am, I wore a pair of gym shorts with a tee shirt to this lovely get together. Graduation was just about a week away, so I knew not to do anything risky. At this party, it was the most teenage, frisky party I've ever been too. Short skirts and shorts, tight tanks. Most girls were dressed excessively slutty, and Annabeth Chase was no exception. When I saw her on the deck, talking with some friends with a red plastic cup in her hands, my jaw dropped. Sure, she usually wore skirts and dresses, but this was something new. Her skirt barely covered her supple ass, with her boobs confined in a tight tube top. No, she wasn't wearing dorm stilettos or something. Perfect Annabeth put on a pair of old converse. When I was in the kitchen, slowly drinking a can of soda, Annabeth came back inside, opening the fridge next to me. "Hey Percy," she called over the loud music. She closed the fridge, popping open the tab of a Coca Cola. "Annabeth," I stated. "Thought you be downing a beer." "Hell to the no," she stated. "I need to drive home tonight. If I get pulled over and a ticket, then my acceptances get revoked and I have to go to community college." "Then why'd you come in the first place?" "Last party," Annabeth said with a shrug. She picked up a plastic cup, turning it around and running it under the sink before pouring her soda inside. I guess she wasn't expecting it to come so fast or whatever, because nearly half spilled onto the counter and on her legs. "Shit!" she exclaimed, jumping back. It was odd hearing perfect Annabeth curse. She put the cup and can down, quickly grabbing a napkin and bending over, cleaning up her legs. Fuck , I thought. She wasn't wearing underwear. Her entire ass and pussy were on display, just to me. You see, because there was a closed door that led into the rest of the house, then on an adjacent wall there was the fridge with the sink opposite of the entrance door. On the fourth wall was the door that led to the backyard, onto the deck. I could feel my cock get hard, pushing against the front of my shorts as my eyes looked up her body, from her tan legs to her round ass, those slightly puffy, pink pussy lips that glistened with her girl juice. Fucking hell, she was wet! She straightened up, tossing the soaked napkins into the trash can and causing her skirt to 'cover' her ass. Annabeth turned back around, a sheepish smile on her face. I quickly leaned down, hiding my erection behind the chair in front of me. She noticed my startled expression, seeing as I was still recovering from seeing her pussy on display. "What's wrong with you?" "Nothing," I said way to quickly. Perfect—I mean Annabeth looked at me suspiciously, her eyes searching for an answer. Before she could ask a question, the lovely (note: sarcasm) sound of sirens. In the main room, someone shouted that the cops where here. As the back door and people began to rush in, I grabbed Annabeth, dragging her behind me. I ducked into the nearest door, pushing Annabeth in before closing the door tightly. I took a step back, running into Annabeth and hearing her squeak slightly. Craning my neck, I looked and saw that the closet was overflowing with boxes of all shapes and sizes, each falling off or overflowed with junk. "Come on, we need to hide," I whispered. It was difficult to get past her, but I managed, climbing over the tower of boxes. It was a rather small closet, so I ended up pressed against the back wall. Annabeth came stumbling over the boxes. She put her foot down on a wobbly box, already lifting to other one as the box tipped over. She let out a small shriek as she fell toward me. Instinctively, I reached out to stop her fall. As fate would have it, her ass dipped past my hands, which managed to stop her fall so I was holding her legs at the knee. Through the crack in the door, several feet away from where we were, a flashlight filled the room. The doorhandle turned before the door opened. Lckily, we were hidden behind the stacks of boxes, but I was still holding my breath. Someone at the door grunted, their flashlight panning over the boxes three times before they left, sitting the closet and mumbling to themselves. Sadly, things didn't get any less tense. Remember several paragraphs ago, when we stumbled into the back? Well, unbeknownst to me, in our haste to hide, my erect cock had sprung free from my shorts. You see the problem? Lets look at the facts. My cock is out of my shorts. It is hard. Annabeth had fallen on me. Imwas barelt holding her up with her legs bent. Her ass is very leveled with my cock. When the initial fear of being arrested had washed over, I guess neither of us noticed. However, once the door closed, after a count of five, Annabeth let out a breath, her body relaxing. It was like slow motion, all though there was nothing I could do to stop it. My cockhead pushed against her opening, her wet snatch nearly pulling me in. Luckily that's not how life worked, and my cock moved bast her opening, rubbing through her labia and against her clit. Annabeth groaned, her head falling back against my shoulder. "Fuck," she muttered breathlessly. "W-what should I do?" I stuttered out. "Just–just help me stay up," she whispered. "Hopefully we can get out of here soon." Her logic conflicted with the way she 'subtly' rubbed her thighs around my shaft. "And don't you fucking dare move your dick." "With the way you were flashing your pussy earlier?" I teased, raising an eyebrow even though she couldn't see. "I was—it was—teasing Percy," Annabeth stammered. "You're not supposed to reach. You never do." "What?" "C'mon Percy," Annabeth said, exasperated. I could feel her ass move ever so slightly, rubbing my cock against her pussy. "Everyone knows your hot. Your just too humble to notice all the girls checking you out. It's bad enough you dated that freak, Rachel Elizabeth Dare. But you even fucked her, even though she knew that I called your virginity. The bitch." "You called my virginity? What the fuck?" Our conversation probably sounded silly since we were whispering. "Oh, that's what you focus on? Well if you must know, like the day we found out you were a virgin—" "We?" I asked in a panicked tone. "The girls in my gym class last year," she cleared up. "Anyway, I literally called dibs on getting your first fuck. Most memorable fuck, very important. And that bitch, who clearly knew about me wanting to fuck you, went and fucked you, multiple times. Even let her stupid art friends fuck you." "To be fair, I let them fuck me, not the other way around." I stated. "Just shut up!" Annabeth shouted, much louder then anticipated. Both her hand and my own shot up to cover her mouth, and we wait. People are now outside of the closet. There were at least three different people, looking for the source of that noice. It had been close to fifteen minutes and sounds of the people outside weren't fading away. The longer we waited the less we held back from each other. The occasional twitch of my hips gave way to gentle rocking and Annabeth no longer avoided squeezing her legs together, absentmindedly timing it with the moment my cock brushed her clit. Neither of us acknowledged what was happening, instead we stared out through the