This was just a game. It was not supposed to end up like this. Not that I'm complaining, but still. Two weeks before Halloween, Annabeth and I decided to do a couple costume. She made the mistake of letting me pick. I decided on Goldilocks and one of the bears. Somehow, she convinced me that we should plan the other's costume. That was probably payback for picking a kids' story. I had no idea what she was gonna make me wear, but I was gonna have the last laugh. "Perseus Jackson," Annabeth said angrily. See, today was Halloween. Leo was having a killer party at his place, which was huge! Being a high school party, it was gonna be sick. I let Annabeth get ready first. I wanted to see her reaction to the outfit I laid out for her. I made my way to her room, laughing to myself. I opened the door and she stood in front of her full sized mirror. When she saw me, her face flushed red. Let me tell you about her costume. Her hair was tied in pigtails with yellow ribbons. She had white stockings that stopped mid-thigh with straps that were attached to her undergarments. With cute, black four inch heels, and a yellow and white dress. Her dress stopped high above her thigh, just long enough to cover her panties. It was tight and exposed her every curve, with little puffs off the shoulder, exposing the rest of her glorious arms. "Wow," was all I said. "Stop staring at me," she insisted, turning away from me. "I look like a slut." "Tonight, you're my slut," I said, walking over and hugging her from behind. I don't wanna be a slut," she whined, stomping her foot. She pushed my arms off of her. "I wanna look like a non-slutty Goldilocks." "The deal was I get to make your costume," I said, turning her to face me. She looked down at the ground. "Now I'll go get changed and then we can head out." Annabeth exacted her revenge. My costume was a pair of brown fuzzy shorts, bear paws, and brown sneakers, along with bear ears and some face paint. She was laughing as she did my make up. "Why is there no shirt?" I asked. "Cause bears don't wear shirts, duh," she said like it was obvious. "Let's just go so I can show you off then bring you back and fuck you into next week," I said, making her laugh. "And what if I'd rather just not fuck or just not party?" Annabeth asked. "Well we already promised Leo we'd be there and I'll fuck you no matter what," I said, making her pout. "Come on, let's go." "What bear are you anyway?" Annaberh asked as we headed out. "Papa Bear," I quickly responded. "So you can call me Daddy." "I will not call you Daddy," she said. "Do it, and I'll do whatever you want for a whole day, just not today," I said. "Fine," she said. "What are the specifics?" "You have to call me any of these things: Big Daddy, Sugar Daddy, Daddy, Thick Daddy—" "Thick Daddy?" she asked, stifling a laugh. I just rolled me eyes, then continued. "Thick Dick Daddy," I said with a smile. "I am not gonna call you that," she stated. "Yes you are, Goldie," I said. "And if I don't?" she asked. "Then I'll exact my revenge," I said. "Now, who am I?" "You're my Daddy," she mumbled. "Say it with more enthusiasm, that's another thing," I said, and she sighed. "Who am I?" "You're my Daddy," she said cheerfully, making me laugh. Ω (Annabeth's POV) I didn't understand why Percy was doing this. I'm guessing this was always a secret dream of his, so I'll go with it. We got to Leo's early to help him finish setting up. Leo, Piper, Jason, Nico, and Calypso were already there, setting up. Leo, being the dirty pervert he was, gave me a little whistle. "What do we have here?" Leo asked. "This is Goldilocks," Daddy said. "Goldie, who might I be?" "This my Thick Daddy," I said in a fake enthusiastic voice, making them laugh. "You got her to say that?" Piper asked, laughing. "What else can you call me?" Daddy asked, smirking at me. "I can't fucking remember all those names," I said, making him laugh. "Don't lie, you have impeccable memory," he said, making me sigh. "You're my Sugar Daddy, Big Daddy, Thick Daddy, Thick Dick Daddy, and Daddy," I listened, making hem laugh harder. "How in Hades did you get her to say to say that?" Nico asked after he calmed down. "I promised to do whatever she wants for a whole day," Daddy said. "I have some great ideas for tomorrow," I said excitedly. "Well right now, help us with the decoration," Calypso said. "Don't show off too much ass, Goldie," Daddy said, hitting my ass. Piper, Jason and I were putting the finishing touches on the skeletons. "I cannot believe Percy got you to call him Daddy," Piper said, and I just shrugged. "Daddy will let me do whatever I want to him for a whole day," I said in an innocent voice. "Plus, I'm planning on getting a good fucking tonight." "Ew," Jason said, gagging slightly. "Now I'm picturing it, dear gods." I just rolled my eyes, then bent over to pick up a loose end. "Goldie," Daddy said from behind me. "I did not know you owned a thong." I blushed slightly, standing up straight again. "No no no," he said, pushing me over again. "Show your friends how you're gonna let your Daddy fuck you later." "Per—" "No," Daddy said, hitting my ass and making me whimper. "Daddy stop," I whimpered. I looked at Piper, who was holding back laughter. Daddy pulled me into a standing position, putting his mouth on my ear. "This Halloween is gonna be fun," he said in a husky voice, then released me from his hold. It was a few hours into the party, which was crowded with people in costumes from creative to completely slutty. I stayed neared the punch as the music roared through the place. Daddy came over, wrapping his arms around my waist. He pulled me close to him and I could feel his dick rubbing against my ass through his pants, it slowly getting hard. "Hey Goldie," Daddy said, nuzzling his head on my shoulder. "Hey Big Daddy," I said, smiling at him. "Come here, I wanted to show you something," he said, taking my hand and leading me through the crowded party. He pushed me into a small closet filled with towels and such, then closed the door behind him. "Perc—" he cleared his throat, and I sighed. "Daddy, what are we doing in here?" Daddy pushed me over, using his feet to spread my legs apart. "Just giving you a little taste of what's gonna go down later." Daddy whispered in my ear, running a hand over my exposed ass. He laced his fingers in the waistband of my thong, pulling it down to my knees. "Percy—" Saying that earned a hard slap on the ass. "Daddy, not here." "Too bad," he said, moving his hands from my waist. I looked behind me and say him undoing his zipper, pulling his hard dick through the hole. "Ready?" "No," I said, earning another slap. "Are you sure?" he asked, rubbing his dick head up and down my entrance. I moaned, feeling as his hands gently squeezed my ass. "Just fuck me already," I moaned out. No matter how crazy the situation is, Percy—I mean Daddy—always starts off gentle. He slowly pushed his big dick inside of me, making me moan, not stopping until he was all the way in. His big, swollen cock throbbed against my tight, wet walls as he waited for me to adjust. I nodded, and he slowly began to thrust in and out. "Faster," I quickly said. "You have to beg," he said, smirking. I whimpered slightly, but he didn't budge. He squeezed my left butt cheek in his hand. "Please Perc—" he cleared his throat and I sighed. "Please Daddy, fuck me faster." "I don't think I'm convinced." he said. "Please, please Daddy, please fuck me faster, I'll do anything," I begged. "Hmm," he hummed, slowly moving in and out. "Alrighty." He started moving faster, the only problem being his pants. "Fuck, pull your pants down." He stopped, fidgeting slightly, then went back to pounding into me. "Better?" Daddy asked. "Ye-ye-yes!" I moaned out, my knees buckling. He grabbed my legs, holding me up as he panted and grunted with each thrust. "You wanna talk dirty for your Daddy?" he asked in a husky voice. "Yes!" I moaned loudly. "Fuck me Daddy, make me cum, make me cum. Oh fuck, yes, please . Fuck your Goldilocks, Daddy." His thrusts started to become shallow. The into reason I stopped talking was because I was overwhelmed with orgasm. If he hadn't been holding me, I would've fallen over. He pulled out, turning me over and pulled my dress up to my breasts. "Sorry," he said quickly as he began to cum on my stomach. He came in two big pumps and two more not so big pumps, then groaned and leaned against the wall. "Good?" I asked, taking deep breaths. "Amazing," he said, giving me a smile. "We should get back to the party though." I looked down at my stomach, seeing the strings of cum sprayed across it. "You should leave it there, see how much I can put on you in one night." "There's gonna be more?" I asked, and he nodded. I pulled my thong up then fixed my dress while he fixed his pants. "What do we say?" Daddy asked. "Thank you," I said, then kissed him. Ω (Percy's POV) "Percy, you are something else," Grover said, shaking his head. "What do you mean?" I asked. "You and Annabeth, dude," Grover said, nudging me. "Don't know what your talking about," I said, shrugging. "Dude, you were totally fucking in the towel closet," Leo exclaimed, making me laugh. "No biggie, right?" I said, shrugging. "You should totally take Calypso in there dude." "Like she'd let me do that," Leo said, chuckling. "Where's Jason?" Nico asked. "He went 'exploring' with Piper," Grover said. "Which is a mild term for they went upstairs to fuck," I said, shrugging. "At least they had some dignity and went upstairs," Leo said. "I didn't even leave evidence, how'd you know?" I asked. "Annabeth told me cause she's not a liar," Leo said. "Hmm, why was that a problem?" I asked. "You can't just go to a party and sneak off to fuck," Leo stated. "That's true," Grover agreed. "Whatever," I said. "Jason's on his way back." "Dude; you've got lipstick stains all over you," Frank said. "Do I?" Jason asked, going over to a mirror. "Dang." "See Percy makes sure there's not a lot of evidence," Leo said. "I left no evidence," I stated. "At least not on me." "What'd you do to sweet little Annabeth?" Jason asked. "First, Annabeth is a fucking she-demon," I stated. "Second, I put her in that beautiful sexy outfit and fucked her in a closet and came all over her fucking stomach." "Dear gods Percy you need help," Jason groaned, while I just laughed. Annabeth walked over, throwing her arms around me in a hug. "Hi Sugar Daddy," she said excitedly, kissing my cheek. "How the hell did you get her to say that? No matter what I promise, Piper would never ever call me that," Jason said. "Because I have amazingly evil ideas," Annabeth said. "And Percy isn't worried at all?" Grover asked. "Not today, just later on in life," I said, shrugging. "Daddy, let's go dance," Annabeth said, pulling on my hand. "See you guys later, if I don't leave early," I said with a