Love For The Angel Of Rock Disclaimer: Hi everyone! So... I thought I would do something different. It's an all human twi-fanfic. :) So, just to make this clear I do not own Twilight. If I did I wouldn't be writing twilight fanfictions on here, I would be making more twilight stories to be published and turned into movies. ;) Well, I hope you all enjoy! Disclaimer II: So, the songs that Bella will sing in this fan-fic are not mine what so ever, so to show credit to the artists, their names, and the names of the songs I used for the story will be listed for each chapter (The chapters that the songs are used). So, the songs for this chapter are going to be: Going Under and Broken by Evanescence, Off With Her Head by Icon for Hire, Angels and Memories by Within Temptation, and Whispers in the Dark by Skillet I would like to thank mcangel for helping me out, without her, the descriptions of the outfits would be utter chaos. So enough of me talking, plz enjoy! Bella's POV Music is my life, well so are my family and friends, but music... is the life, heart, and soul of my being. My name is Isabella, but most people either call me Bella or Izzy and I'm not your average girl. My skin is a pale peach tone, my hair is raven black with blue streaks and silver tips. I have a piercing in my nose, four earrings in both ears along with two wing-spirals in my earlobes. I also have four tattoos. One of them is a large tattoo on my collarbone. It's of one Bengal tiger and one White tiger curving around my neck towards the front of my collarbone, with their claws extended, clutching onto an emerald and the second piece is of an elegant branch from a Japanese Cherry blossom tree flowing up my body from the curve of my hip to the side of my ribs, I have this tattoo on both sides of my body and the third tattoo is on my back, starting from the top of my back to the bottom, close to my tail-bone. It is of a dragon, slithering up my back, with a couple words from Japanese calligraphy, Brave, Honest, Care, and R espect. Then the fourth tattoo is almost a sleeve. It was of all of my favorite anime characters from all the shows I had seen, along with nautical stars randomly spread around the characters. In school people thought of me to be... well not normal, weird, scary due to my four tattoos and my piercings, emo... those were the words they used to describe me. I'm twenty-one years old, the youngest of all of my brothers. I have five brother's... well half brothers, Sam, Jacob, Paul, Embry, and Quil, and then there is me. My father Charlie is chief of Police to the people of Forks. My brothers and I all decided to get a house that we all could live in and all of us contribute to keep it so we didn't live with him anymore, we decided that our father should have a nice quiet house after raising six children. My brothers are native Quileute Indian from their mom. Their mom took off on our dad, and my brothers have never forgiven her. Later came my mother, Renee. My brothers were around eight years old when Renee and Charlie got together. I have seen pictures of my mother around the house, or in an old photo album. I've never seen her in person... but that's because she died giving birth to me. Apparently the birth was way to much stress on her body and she was given a choice, Either she dies giving birth to me, She gives me up, or we both die together, and she chose to give her life for me to survive, and I thank her for that everyday. Every time people saw me with my brother they would make fun of me calling me the "Albino outcast," of course this irritated my brothers. Each of my brothers have personalities of their own, and some of them share some personalities. Sam was the protective one, always leading the group. Paul was the one who would fight anyone for the safety of his siblings, he's quite a hot head. Embry and Quil were twins and both had quite a sense of humor, they always knew how to make a bright occasion out of an awful day, and Jacob was the perfect mix of them all, being the perfect brother. I mean of course they were all the perfect brother, but I would say that Jacob and I were closer. My best friends Rosalie, Alice, and Laurent were in the kitchen hanging out while my brothers decided to play a bit of football. "So Izzy, how are you?" Laurent asked, bringing the cup of raspberry ginger ale to his lips. Laurent and I became close friends about two years ago, he was like a brother to me. We met when I was being mugged by a group of men, and Laurent came to my rescue. I have thanked him for that day non-stop. He is a good looking guy, long, clean black dreadlocks go all the day down to his waist, his skin is a dark color, and his eyes are an outstanding shade of hazel. Now Alice and Rosalie have been my best friends since birth, so you can guess how me met, mostly over drool and runny noses. "I'm alright..." "Are you sure Bella? I mean you've been spacing out a lot." Alice asked me. Alice was an amazing four feet ten inches in height. Her pixie like features made her one of those beautiful supermodel women with her somewhat spiky black and purple hair-do and pale skin. "Yeah... I'm sorry guys. I've just been thinking about something, something I want to do with my life... but I'm not sure how to accomplish it." I have been thinking about starting a band. A rock/metal band. And having Rosalie, Alice, Laurent, and my brothers be part of the band as well... I knew that took a lot of work... but it was still something I wanted to try. "Well what is it?" Rosalie asked. She was so beautiful that it was breathtaking. Her long wavy blonde hair framed her flawless face and her black eye liner gave her eyes a great pop of even more beauty that she really didn't need. "A band. I've always wanted to start a band. A band with you, Alice, Laurent, and my brothers all in it. A band that plays rock/metal genre music." All my friends eyes popped open wide, excitement clear on their faces. "Lets do it Bella!" Alice cheered. "Yeah." Rosalie and Laurent said. "Really?" "Of course!" Alice said, "Bella, you are an incredible singer, always in honors choir in high school and throughout college. You could be the lead singer, Rose and I could be back-up, and the guys could all play instruments considering they all were in honors band. I think it would be perfect, and we could do our practices in the garage. I think it's a perfect idea, and think of how famous we could be someday Bella." Alice cheered on and on, and was still cheering as my brother walked in and asked, "Ok, who drugged Alice?" We informed them on the plan and they were all excited for it. "Bella! It is a great idea! Oh no... I'm turning into Alice..." Embry said laughing. "There's only one problem though." I stated. "We only have one guitar... and we don't have the money for a bunch of equipment." Sam looked at me and smiled. "I'm sure we could get a loan and pay it off Bella." I nodded, that was true. "Well then, to start off... what should we name our band?" Rosalie asked. "Well, it has to have the word "star" in it." Alice said, her tone in-between asking and demanding. We shot off a bunch of different things to go with Star, Star flight, star bomb, glowing star, star light. But none of them seemed to fit... and out of no where, I got an idea. "What about... Star Dusk?" Silent immediately replaced the chatter. "Was... that a bad idea?" I asked nervously. "Hell no! That's perfect. I'm thinking Bella should write her own lyrics." Jacob said and everyone agreed. So, that's where it left off. Of course first it started off with me going to the bank to try and get a loan. Thank god we had such great credit. With this loan we purchased one Electric Guitar, one Electric acoustic guitar, one bass guitarist, amps for each instrument including the amp for the microphone speakers, drum mics, a drum set, a Electric Piano, a synthesizer, three Microphones, and Microphone speakers. I was happy that Sam had suggested that we get a loan. It would have taken us a long time to get all of these things that we needed. Time flew by. Within a couple weeks we had turned the garage into a practice studio and then had been practicing for another two months before we started going to bars, clubs, etc to see if we could play in those places. We all agreed on our current positions in the band. I had been appointed as the lead singer, Alice and Rosalie wanted to be back-up singers. My brother Sam wanted to be our manager while Jacob wanted to play the electric guitar, Embry wanted to play bass and Quil wanted to play the electric acoustic guitar, Paul wanted to be on the drums and Laurent... surprisingly wanted to work the electric piano. To start off our practices we each did a solo on our individual instruments including the vocal, and I was shocked with how well everyone played. "So, Bells." Jacob called. "Yes Jake?" "Should we try out a song now? I mean... have you written one for us to try out yet?" I grinned, happy that I had done so. I nodded, receiving gasps from everyone. "Really! Oh my gosh Bella, please let's start." Alice cheered. I giggled at her enthusiasm, and showed them the music sheets giving the guys their practice music sheets along with giving Rosalie and Alice their back up lines, placing mine on a music stand in front of me just as Alice and Rosalie did the same. "Ok, you all ready?" I asked them after giving them time to look over the music. After nods from all of them I started tapping my foot as I counted down. "Ok, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1," And the guys all began their music... and in that moment, I felt so proud of myself. Then I realized it was my time to sing, and once again, I was shocked... was I really singing! The music filled the garage and at the end of the practice all of us were so excited. "Wow! Great job Bella! Yep, you are definitely writing and singing the songs." Rosalie said, giving me a small hug, before we all went our separate ways to head home Alice turned to look at me. "So, what are we going to name that song?" I smirked... and tilted my head in thought. "Going Under." "Great name! So, we have practice tomorrow. I can't wait..." Alice said, talking a mile a minute as she left with Rosalie. Not to long after that we began getting gigs at local bars, clubs, and birthday parties and it was great, and it wasn't to long after that that we had finally got an agent to help us set up shows and I couldn't wait. We had performed quite a few at some important music clubs here in Seattle and now, we were moving towards home. To Port Angeles for our first out of town concert. When we heard