Usually, the happiest people in the world are children. All over the planet, children everywhere are given a home, food, clothes, and toys, all by their parents who take loving care of them. And so, most children are overjoyed with happiness; because they have their every want and need filled, because they are living a care-free life. Because they are loved. However, it isn't that way for some children. Especially, for one boy in particular; his body thin and scrawny, his hair jet black, his bright green eyes were shielded by nerdy glasses, and his name was Harry Potter. Even though, he was sheltered throughout his life on 12 Privet Drive, Harry felt no joy or happiness, nor did he have parents to give him everything. In fact, Harry's parents were dead, and his foster parents didn't care one bit about him. Every day he was forced to be their slave, especially to his pig of a foster father Vernon and his equally piggy son Dudley. Harry was accustomed to being their slave, but it was unusually bad on that day. That day, he was both verbally and physically abused for serving too much tea to his foster parents and their guest. After the beating, Harry didn't think his day could get any worse, but he couldn't have been any more wrong. They now complained about his owl made too much noise, "What's the matter with that bloody bird," his Uncle Vernon grumbled. He always called Harry's owl "that bloody bird" even though she had a name, Hedwig. But Harry wouldn't bother to remind his Uncle Vernon that, because he knew the man hated the owl. Which was why she was kept in Harry's tiny room, locked in a cage. No wonder she's making so much noise, Harry thought, but Uncle Vernon was glaring at Harry as if it was all his fault. "What are you doing just standing there, boy? You go upstairs right now, and shut that bloody bird up!" Uncle Vernon didn't say it, as much as he ordered it. Vernon really did treat Harry like a slave. Harry looked over at his Uncle, thinking, How am I supposed to shut her up? I can't even shut you up, old man. Harry was frustrated, what exactly did his Uncle expect him to do? Go upstairs to Hedwig, snap his fingers, and the bird would instantly be quiet? It wasn't as though he were a magician. Oh, that's right, he supposed he was. "Yes Sir," Harry said miserably as he made his way to investigate why Hedwig was making so much noise. He assumed that Hedwig was tired of being locked in that cage all the time with absolutely nothing to do, she was probably bored out of her bird brain up there. Harry wouldn't have been surprised if all that noise was Hedwig cursing the Dursley's out in bird language. As he made his way upstairs, closer and closer to his room, the owl noises continued to get louder and louder, she sounded very angry in there. Sighing, Harry determined to do his best to calm her down, maybe some owl treats and fresh water would help. Harry arrived at his bedroom door and took deep breath, trying to prepare himself to for Hedwig's temper tantrums. When Harry opened his bedroom door, and stepped inside, what he saw was far worse than he could have imagined. He immediately noticed a figure on his bed and his head snapped up as he let out a small gasp of surprise, Harry's face quickly became a dark shade of red, the naked figure was that of 16-year-old Tom Riddle. NAKED? Harry quickly shut and locked his door before turning to his naked guest with a bright red blushing face. Harry hissed, "What are you doing here!? Why are you naked!?" To which Tom calmly replied, "I need a bath. Will you help me?" As if Harry couldn't get any more embarrassed than he already was. Not only was Tom naked in his room, but he wanted a bath? Tom was staring at Harry from the bed, waiting on an answer. Harry started stuttering, "N-No, you don't n-need a b-bath! Now, ha-hurry and get dra-dressed!" Regardless of how commanding Harry thought he sounded, Tom only scoffed at his pathetic attempt to intimidate him, then he said, "Not before I get a bath." Harry was frustrated, not just because Tom was naked in his bed, but also because the house belonged to the Dursley's. If they caught Tom in their house, never mind that he was naked, the only thing they would see was that Tom was a wizard. Harry wouldn't be able to lie to the Dursleys' because he had lived with them since he was a baby. They knew a wizard when they saw one. Harry knew they would be able to tell that Tom Riddle was a wizard, he couldn't let the Dursleys' see Tom. He had to get Tom to stay in his bedroom and out of sight. But how? Harry decided to swallow his pride and started begging. "Please? Tom, can you just get out of this house? Don't you understand? If the Dursleys' see you, they'll literally kill me." Tom didn't show any remorse, he just stared back at Harry with the empty eyes of a sociopath. Finally Tom said, "Well, have fun dying then. I'm going to go take a bath." Harry let out a groan of frustration at that. Harry watched Tom stand up from the bed and walk naked towards the bedroom door. Harry panicked and as quickly as he could, shoved himself between Tom and the door, despite how incredibly awkward it was. "No, you can't go out there!" Harry exclaimed. Tom looked at him strangely and asked, "Oh? And why not?" "I already told you," Harry insisted, "Because my foster parents will see you. My HUMAN foster parents." Tom paused, as if to let the word "human" sink in and then his mouth twisted in a sneer of disgust. "You mean muggles?" Harry nodded yes but Tom shook his head no. "Potter, they're just muggles," he said, "What are they going to do, freak out?" "Yes," Harry replied, "But not because you're naked. It's because you're a wizard. You can't let them see you." "Naked or not, I don't care if I get caught." Tom said, "I've got magic, Harry, and I'll use it." Harry didn't see it coming but was suddenly and magically shoved out of Tom's way. So he was going to fight dirty? Harry stood up from the ground but he couldn't react fast enough to prevent Tom from unlocking the door and opening it. Just like that the older wizard, perfectly and irritatingly calm, was walking out of Harry's room butt-naked. "Wait!" Harry protested as he took off running after the older wizard. Since they were already out in the hall, it would've been pointless to try to convince Tom to go back into Harry's bedroom. Despite his huge resentment towards the arse-hole, Harry led Tom to the bathroom and shut the door before locking it. He couldn't help but jump when he heard the bath water suddenly running and turned to see the older wizard getting into the bathtub. Heavy footsteps could be heard stomping up the stairs and Harry began to panic. A few seconds later, a hand pounded on the bathroom door and the voice of Harry's uncle yelled through the cracks, "Who's in there!?" Harry panicked a bit before saying, "I-It's just me, Uncle Vernon! I'm taking a bath." He instantly regretted it, Harry couldn't believe he'd just lied for Tom. He was actually helping Tom to break into the house and take a bath. But it was too late to turn back now, Uncle Vernon had already heard Harry. His uncle's voice yelled from the other side of the door, "Hurry up you little brat before you disturb our company with all that running water!" "Yes, sir!" Harry shouted from the bathroom. "By the way," his uncle shouted back, "You had better not be using Petunia's new scented soap!" Harry turned around to see that Tom had already grabbed his aunt's soap, and he was lazily washing his body with it. Tom winked at Harry from the bathtub and Harry looked back at him in awe at his complete lack of a soul. No wonder he became Lord Voldemort in the future. Harry could hear the receding footsteps as Uncle Vernon stomped back down the stairs again. At least they hadn't been caught, Harry calmed down a little, maybe he could pull this off all they had to do was hurry. Harry turned back to Tom who was still washing himself at the pace of a snail. Scowling, Harry thought himself, This guy enjoys trespassing on muggles a bit too much. "Come on, Tom," Harry said, "Will you please hurry up?" "Why?" "Because," Harry said, "I just lied for you and told my Uncle that I'm the one taking the bath. And the Dursleys' only let me take 5 minute baths." Tom continued to wash himself at his own pace. "I don't care one bit," he said, "about these muggles or their rules." Was this guy trying to get caught? "Please, Tom," Harry begged. "If you want me to hurry so badly," Tom said,"why don't you clean me yourself?" Tom had clearly meant to be a smart-arse. But Harry said, "Fine." He went over to the bathtub and began to clean the git himself as quickly as possible. To his surprise, Tom actually let him. Harry suspected Tom just liked being pampered. Within a few short minutes, Tom was squeaky clean. As, Tom dried himself off with a towel, he finally changed into his clothes, which he had magically hidden. Harry was surprised Tom had brought his own clothes. In the back of his mind, Harry had expected Tom would ask to wear his clothes. Tom scoffed at that and said, "As if I would want to dress like you." After that, Harry was done with Tom's games. He was prepared to sneak Tom out of the house to get rid of the snake. But as soon as Harry had unlocked and opened the bathroom door, Uncle Vernon was practically breaking down the door as he started terrorizing Harry about how he disturbed their company with the sound of water. However, before it could get any worse, from the sidelines Tom said, "Good evening, sir." Everything froze at that moment as Uncle Vernon turned to slowly face Tom. Everything was quiet for a few moments, as the strangers looked at eachother. It was the moment Harry had feared would come, happening right before his own eyes. No matter how tall and handsome and well-dressed Tom was standing in the muggles bathroom, it still didn't distract his uncle Vernon from seeing straight away that Tom was a wizard. Because Uncle Vernon turned back to Harry and started shouting things like, "How dare you?" and "You brought another freak into our home?!" and "What are you trying to pull here, you little brat!?" Meanwhile, the rest of the Dursley's came to investigate the source of the ruckus. But Tom didn't acknowledge them yet, he was only focused the fat man. "Excuse me, sir." Tom said politely, "But, could you not shout at him? Harry took good care of me while you were entertaining your guests." Uncle Vernon's beedy eyes darted back and forth between Tom and Harry. He didn't know much about these freaks but even a normal person like himself could tell there was something odd going on between those two: the fact that the tall one had obviously chosen this house because Harry was in it, the fact that they had locked themselves in the bathroom together, and the fact that he had almost to break the door down to see what the hell was going on in there. Then finally, Uncle