SUNRISE: Renesmee's story Chapter 1: THE BEGINNING The late evening sun was just setting on the Cullen house, its large windows reflecting the dull light, the woodsy surroundings making its shimmery slightly green. The fragile glass windows, that was really more like invisible walls, invited the wood's atmosphere right in: Squirrels chewing, birds flapping their wings, flowers stretching themselves towards the sunlight, pines bending ever so slightly in the summer breeze… One could hear it all, see it all. The lighting was beautiful, the colors were clear, almost sharp. This magnificent, beautiful place was home. Renesmee's home. And it had been, for all the 6 years she had been alive. She spun around on her heel at the sound of footsteps approaching – guessing, by the efficient yet elegant walk that the first pair of feet belonged to her dad, and that the lighter, though slightly clumsier walk (if such a word could ever be used to describe the elegant walk of a vampire) belonged to her mother. At the quiet laughs, the gently whispered "I love you"s, and the soft smiles exchanged – she could literally hear her father smile, and her mother's rolling eyes – she already knew who was coming to check up on her. "Honey, what are you doing here? They won't be back before tomorrow morning." Her mother looked at her with her warm, though questioning golden eyes, smiling so slightly to her beloved daughter. Renesmee understood why they had come. After all, she was, if not acting straight out weird, certainly acting in a curios manner. She was standing in the middle of the Cullen house, watching the living room, the piano, the wood outside the window, and yet, there was no one there. Alice, Rosalie, Carlisle, Emmet, Jaspar, Esme – they were all out hunting. "I know." She answered her with a shrug, trying to keep her voice nonchalant, normal. She knew that very well. She had just needed to escape the stone cottage for a while; she had needed to think. The cottage was just lovely – she loved it more than any other teenager could possibly love their house – but nothing cleared her mind more than the beautiful sunlight that emerged, first though the wood's tangled mess of pine-branches, and then through the Cullen-house's huge windows. Besides, it did help that her father couldn't hear her thoughts that loud when she was in another house. Half annoyed, half amused she smiled to her father, to whom she knew now heard every word of her conflicted mind. With great seriousness he bent over and looked his daughter deep into her chocolate-brown eyes. "You will be fine. A hundred percent fine. In fact, you will be great. And you mother and I will be so unconditionally proud of you, no matter what happens." He had, as he had always done, sensed her worry. Her mother picked up on the situation at once. "You will blend inn perfectly," she said, smiling reassuringly, grabbing her hand. "You have rosy cheeks, brown eyes and a beating heart of gold! If anyone of us palefaces has managed to find our place in high school, you certainly will. I am absolutely sure of it." They seemed so certain, so confident, that Renesmee almost believed them. She was thankful of their support, she really was, but right then and there she just wanted to be alone with her thoughts. Before she had even finished her line of thought, her father gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and said: "We'll be in the stone cottage if you need us. Dinner in an hour! You need to be strong for your first day at school." He winked at her, and with two kind smiles, her parents disappeared out the door. Once more, Renesmee was left alone. For a second she regretted her decision to be left alone; her nerves almost got the best of her. But yet, there was, deep deep down in her belly somewhere, a feeling of excitement that grew with quickening force. Tomorrow, she would start at high school. Tomorrow, she would surround herself with others of her age. Or, she added to her amusement, there would probably not be any other 6-yearolds there, but before she could think more of the confusing fact that she was the only one of her kind, she envisioned herself in the corridors – normal-looking, humanly and with a circle of friendly-looking, happy teenage girls. A warm feeling of happiness jolted through her body. No more of this lonely existence in the wood holt! The thought of having friends, real, teenage friends, made her nerves disappear long enough to give room for her blossoming enthusiasm. It would be great. It had to be. Somehow, she felt like tomorrow would define how she would fit into the world of humans. And, in many ways, she was right. She woke early the next day, and to her surprise, she realized a bright sunlight was the source of her awakening. She frowned in surprise. Forks was not really known for its fine weather. But then again its constant cover of grey fog and clouds was quite convenient for her parents – just as today's sunlight was quite convenient for her. That way, she was ensured that no part of her blood-drinking vampire family would embarrass her, waling her to school or anything equally embarrassing. She shredded at the though. Then, as the idea of actually attending school washed over her yet again, she smiled widely. Then she felt like crying – or maybe puking, if that was even possible for her. She made a mental note to ask Carlisle about it later. The uncertainty of her species had a tendency to be either annoying or terrifying, or both at once. This very morning, however, as for the first time in her life, that did not seem like the most important thing in her world. The fact that she was going to socialize with real human beings seemed far more significant. She got out of bed in her typical quick, elegant manner and then silently cursed. Damn! She shook her head, angry at herself for already forgetting it. She had to act human from now on; it was essential. There was no way she would risk the safety of her family – risk moving from Forks, leaving Charlie and Jacob everyone she loved behind. Her heart made a sudden jump, but she brushed it off as a reaction to leaving Forks. Deep down – very, very deep down – she knew, however reluctantly, that her heartjump might somehow have more to do with Jacob than with anyone or anything else. At this special day, she would not let herself dwell on him, she had plenty of time to do that later. Now, she had to focus on the task ahead of her: Get to school. Act human. Go home. Survive the first day of high school. She repeated this doctrine many times to herself as she got back into bed, and got up again, but in a slower – far more humanly – manner. She walked very slowly across her bedroom, repeating 'get to school'. She opened her closet. 'Act human'. She picked out an outfit. 'Go home'. In a very convincing way, she acted purposely clumsy as she pulled her purple oversized-knitted sweater over her head. She smiled, smug and satisfied with her humanly performance, as she pulled on her very tight, very expensive looking jeans. She picked up some ankle boots from the floor in the corner and quickly pulled them on too. She found her bag under the bed, stuffed in some notebooks and pens into it, and threw it over her shoulder. With an excited skip, she partly danced, partly ran out of her room and into the bathroom. She liked the fact that their bathroom – meaning her mother's, her father's and hers – was much more modest, much cuter and a lot homier than the Cullens'. She had, though more out of politeness, gratitude and love than interest, let her aunt Alice pick her wardrobe and do her cloths shopping. That did not mean she was obsessed with expensive designer stuff. She suspected she was a lot like her mother in that sense. She too seemed to prefer the modest stone cottage, its homey atmosphere with small lamps, rugs and a little fireplace, than the massive designer palace of the Cullens. Although, she had to sheepishly admit, she wouldn't mind having their windows; they created a woodsy atmosphere she had a particularly soft spot for. Even so, the cottagey, modest interior of the bathroom made her overheated nerves cool off a little. It reminded her so much of her beloved parents, of her family, of her home, that it made everything else seem irrelevant – even her first day at school seemed less important in comparison. The thought of her first day at school shook her back into reality, and she told herself quite strictly to stop thinking about interior. As if she didn't have enough on her mind right now! She shook her head in disbelief of her own stupidity, and started inspecting herself in the oval mirror above the sink. Her bronze colored hair was incredibly thick and naturally voluminous in all the right placed; its waves was big and gorgeous, making her hair seem tidy and curly simultaneously. Her chocolate brown eyes were big – huge, almost – with long, black eyelashes that framed them so beautifully. Except from her slightly rosy cheeks, her skin was fair and smooth – almost like a baby's. Her mouth had a nice, natural redish color that made her mouth look like a doll's, perfectly plump and very desirable. She had to admit to herself that she looked alright; she seemed to have inherited her father's impeccability, perfection and external attractiveness, yet she still had her mother's humbleness, kindness and slightly social uncomfortableness. However perfect and beautiful she might be, she – as all teenage girls – still seemed to find some imperfections: In the right light, she found her chin too round and her eyes too big. Yet in reality, her cheeks made her look young, fresh, healthy and beautiful, and her eyes gave her a curious, interested expression that would soon make every single guy at Forks high school fall in love with her – not that she would notice. She would be too focused on the revolutionary experience of attending school for the first time. Renesmee had yet again lost focus – today seemed to have that effect on her – and soon hurried to get ready. Not that she actually was in a hurry, but she was excited, and that had nearly the same effect, and certainly the same result. She brushed her hair, and thought about putting makeup on. She could put on some mascara, but that would do nothing for her – her eyelashes were already extremely long, extremely pretty and had a deep black color that suited her brown eyes perfectly. She then thought of putting on some concealer, powder, rough, eyeliner or whatever, but she always came to the same conclusion: The human cosmetics would only ruin her features; she was as close to perfect as anyone could ever get. Therefore, she could neither straighten her hair or curl it; it already looked like she had stepped out of a commercial for unnecessarily expensive shampoo. She became a little saddened by this, as it made her feel inhuman and more like a vampire than a human, but she refused to let it ruin her excitement. She decided to think positive: She was pretty, very pretty, and as she was a girl, the thought of it made her a little proud. Even though she was not a very superficial girl, the confidence boost made her feel warm and strong – feelings she especially welcomed today. As she realized she had little