THE WAR AID ACT The W.A.A A new controversial topic of discussion comes from a section of a new law on the verge of being passed called the W.A.A or War Aid Act, in its depth it states everyone over the age 12 will be put on a draft of available soldiers if the war drains the ministry of all its aurors and private contractors. That is the biggest and most controversial clause being debated against. Other things this act would do would allow a heavier auror presence at Hogwarts, Hogsmeade, and Diagon Alley, more severe punishments for Death Eaters, and other independent groups who go against the ministry, an increased budget for the Department of Magical law, and a more ministry involved Hogwarts with a more war-related curriculum. Portions of the act have already been implemented by having an auror take over Defense against the Dark Arts and an increasing auror patrol in Hogsmeade. Many are outraged and there has been protest to stop the W.A.A from being drafted while others have called it a necessary evil to ensure that the ministry stops the dark lord. The law is set to be voted upon before the year is out. There has been no comment from the new minister Scrimgeour. An undisclosed individual contacted us with their thoughts on the act. "I think it's time that we had minister of magic that is willing to do hard things for the safety of our society. Do I agree with murdering children, no, but if it's the only way to fight then so be it." Another anonymous parent has this to say. "It's downright absurd. What will any child of the specific age group be able to contribute to the war besides being killed. It's cowardice at its best and I can't believe the anyone in their right mind is even considering it...let alone our government. These are our children, not cannon fodder. If you want to send someone who deserves it, send the pureblood slayer, he's used to killing anyway." Harry James Potter, nicknamed the Pureblood slayer, has been involved in much controversy before and since the war began due to his involvement in the death of Ginny Weasley, the death of convict Sirius Black, and mainly his involvement in the Massacre of the Fawley and Nott Family, in which he was granted amnesty for by the newly appointed Minister of Magic. There is still much protest for giving him a trial. More of W.A.A on page 2. More of Harry Potter on page 4. Reported Dead or missing on page 6. Quidditch on Page 7. A young raven-haired boy sat atop Hogwarts tower overlooking Hogsmeade as he crumpled the newspaper in his hand. His face was expressionless and his demeanor was as cold as the howling wind that surrounded him. His eyes watched as people, who looked like ants, bustled from shop to shop, but his thoughts were far away. "I knew I would find you up here sulking and crying. You're pathetic, Potter." It could only be one person. Draco. His talkative narcissistic best friend. "Honestly, I should cry more than you. My pureblood family is a bunch of death eaters who worship the Dark Lord. Who also happen hate my half-blood best-friend and has me spy on him, but I'm also a spy for my best friend who happens to be the chosen one. Let's not also forget I have to be a secret death-eater for a lunatic of a dark lord while still having my loyalty questioned from both sides every time I breathe. It's fucking exhausting. " Harry turned and jumped down from where he was sitting to face a grinning Draco. Although he had not seen Draco all summer things had not changed. He was still the same Malfoy he had come to befriend six years ago and one he could still trust despite the major conflicts of both sides. "You're right." Harry said "Ahh, The man of many words has spoken once again!" "It's only going to get harder for you." "I know...but you know where my allegiances stand. Besides think ten years from now how much a shag magnet I'll be because I was bestfriends with the Defeater of the Dark Lord, it's the only thing that keeps me loyal." Draco's smile died as he looked down to notice the crumpled newspaper encaged in Harry's hand. "My father's hand has been all over that Act. He has bribed just about everyone he can to get it to pass...Honestly, He has gone mad trying to get into the Elite, he only wishes he had the power they had," Draco paused, continuing to the stare down as the wind blew around him, "Damn it. You got me all moody now too." Harry smiled slightly as the newspaper in his hands went up in flames, "We better get down to the sorting ceremony. I am a prefect now." Draco sighed, "I know I abused my position a lot last year, but I was a hell of a lot better prefect than Weasley. Who is the girl prefect anyway? If I was not given the position, I know Pansy wasn't." Harry walked past Draco and opened the door. He knew Draco detested being left unanswered. "Potter, Get your arse back here!" "You will find out soon enough. Best not to lose your appetite over it," Harry said as he shut door. As he walked to the great hall, He couldn't help but think back on his unlikely friend Draco Malfoy. They had come a long way from fellow Slytherin rivals to friends. It was hard, at times, trusting him because of his family and who they served. Draco could betray him and the order at any time, but he trusted Draco, more so than others. He knew he could trust his only two of people in this school. Draco Malfoy and Blaise Zabini. However, it didn't stop him from being paranoid. Harry walked into the decorative great hall as returning students sat at their tables talking amongst friends they hadn't seen all summer. He stood only for a second as he watched eyes dart to him and many began to whisper to their closest buddies. He hated being in the open like this because he could always feel the stares especially now with so many people spreading vitriol and gossip about him and his deeds. Everyone had always had something to say about him starting with his sorting in Slytherin and it just never stopped. He wish there was a spell so that they could trade lives with him for a day and see how much he has given up trying to protect their lives. How many nights he didn't sleep wishing there was never a prophecy. He had given up a lot to be ready for this war, and it hadn't been easy. Harry sat down at the head of the table. Where his female partner sat, Daphne Greengrass. Dumbledore insisted that he be a prefect this year because things were going to get much more dangerous as this war began. War. It felt funny to finally say that after he had been training for a war ever since he could remember under Dumbledore. He looked at the head table where Dumbledore sat with a pleasant smile on his face. "Hello Potter," Greengrass said Harry absentmindedly nodded in reply as he continued to spectate the room. "It's okay to speak." Greengrass said annoyed Harry took his eyes off of the room to look at Daphne now. Her blue eyes were as icy as he held her gaze. Although he remained expressionless, He was a little surprised at how direct she was. He didn't know much about her but Draco was obsessed with her and Blaise wasn't entirely disgusted with her magical abilities, which meant a lot. Hopefully, he would never need to find out. "Is he giving you trouble? Contrary to popular belief, He is only a mute around the pretty girls, and I must say you are one of the prettiest," Draco said as he sat down next to Harry "Sod off Malfoy." Before Draco could continue to get himself into more trouble, the first years began walking out to get sorted. Harry couldn't be bothered to pay attention as he thought about how hard this year would be, to even attempt to focus on academia with all that was going on. He should be out there fighting especially now with the rise of the Death Eaters and the elite, Voldemort's most trusted and powerful Deatheaters. He felt like a sitting duck, trying to pretend to be a student while people died for only a war he could end. The feast passed soon enough and Harry and Daphne led the first years to the Slytherin Dungeon. She did all of the talking while Harry walked beside her. He could see why Snape picked her, she had a presence that demanded respect which he enjoyed watching as first-years fell in line immediately under her directions. He glanced over at all the first-years, taking notice at their excitement and nervousness as they took in every detail. Some had found friends that they were going to stick with all seven years already and others were timidly walking in the back not quite adjusted to this new world that was thrusted upon them. He remembered first-year quite well, it was a terrible year. He remembered everyone either wanted to be his best-friend or hated him, except Blaise who has always been a pillar of indifference. Although he had did well, academically, he did it alone up until his battle with Quirrell. "Stop that," Daphne yelled, interrupting Harry from his thoughts, at a couple of rambunctious first-years. Once that was over, Harry left the dungeons for his true place of residence. The Chamber of Secrets. It was a damp and drafty little place but it was secluded and after much renovation and changing, it had become a safe home that only Draco, Blaise, and Dumbledore knew of. Harry walked down the stairs to the chamber where Blaise Zabini sat quietly in a spacious room filled with shelves of books and scrolls. The common room as they called it. Outside of the room, in the main chamber were Green banners of Slytherin that decorated the walls along with the bones of the basilisk hanging magically in the air. It felt good to be back in the place he had come to call home especially after the long summer he had. "The Pureblood Slayer...hmm, it sounds much better than the boy-who-lived," Blaise said as he continued to stare at his book not looking up from his reading Harry became uneasy as he stopped in front of the room, "Do you agree with them?" "Always so defensive, Harry. No, I don't. While I don't know what really happened, I know you did it for the right reasons. Despite how cold and emotionless you portray yourself, I know that is far from the truth." Blaise said as he put his book down, "Besides, whether you did or not, it's less deatheaters for you to worry about." Blaise stood up from his chair, overlooking Harry, as he was much taller than Harry was. "If you're worried about where my loyalties lie, they lie with you. I'll risk losing everything my mother built because I believe in you and what you stand for even if I don't believe it all," Blaise said looking into Harry's eyes, "Rest assured, there is no conflict of interest." Harry nodded as he he turned leaving Blaise to his devices. Blaise was not an open book like Draco. Blaise kept his emotions buried and his true thoughts even deeper. He lived inside the mind and could outwit Harry more than a few times in dual. In truth, Blaise was both his friend and rival in a lot things because of how alike they were, but they were different in a lot