Disclaimer: Twilight belongs to Stephenie Meyer not me. Author/Note 1: This story is the sequel of Our Dawn 5. For the ones who don't know anything about Our Dawn Series, you can always read Our Dawn 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, and Our Dawn Series Specials but if you don't want to bother I have a resume on my profile page. As it would be expected this is a next generation story and as such, it's focused on Jake and Leah's children. A/Note 2: A huge thank you for everyone who reviewed Our Dawn Series so far. A/Note 3: I'm not a native English speaker so I'm sorry for my grammar and spelling. Thank you for reading. Alpha Book I – The Third Isaac Black Prologue That was my seventh therapy session since classes had started. Two months ago the nightmares had started. My therapist's opinion was that I was too stressed because in a few weeks the exams were going to start and I was always worried about keeping my good grades. I didn't share her opinion. Yes, I was worried about the exams but I was quite sure that it weren't the exams that were causing me to dream about being attacked by a huge werewolf, saved by a giant russet wolf and taken to the woods by a woman I had never seen in my life. "Isaac? Did you hear me?" Doctor Townsend called me. "I did." I replied. She was looking at me with doubts. "Next session we'll talk about how I feel about my family and my home." I repeated. "Exactly." As if that would actually solve anything. I left Doctor Townsend's office and images of my nightmares plagued my mind. I'd been having this nightmare since I had entered Arizona University almost three years ago when I was fifteen years old but now it was getting worse. My mum used to say I was lucky. Unlike most of the people who lived in La Push, I was able to go to a prestigious university and I would be able to have a good job in the future. My high IQ allowed me to have two degrees already. My first degree was Nuclear Engineering and my second one was Anthropology. Currently I was taking Biochemistry and was doing some research to finish my thesis in Biomechanics. I was the typical nerd. I'd turn eighteen in a couple of months but some of my professors had already invited me to be their assistant. Since I was still a minor I couldn't take on the offer yet. If I said yes, it was possible that I would never come back to La Push and I didn't know how my family would react. I was about to go inside the room I shared with Bob "Marley" Green in the male dorm in the campus when I heard a familiar voice calling me. "Sarah?" I questioned turning back. I was surprised to see my sister there. Sarah was almost seventeen years old. She was a year younger than me, actually she was ten months younger than me but a lot of people thought we were twins. She shared my mother's beauty and my father's easy-going personality. "Did you miss me, Boo?" Only my brothers, my sister and my cousins called be "Boo". I used to watch Boo's Adventures in Space a lot when I was a kid. It was about a kid that wanted to go to the moon. "What are you doing here?" I asked. "Are you alone?" "I'm with Uncle Seth. He's parking. This place is huge." Sarah hugged me and then she took an envelope from her pocket and handed it over to me. "We came to take you home." She informed. "Take me home? Why?" When Sarah lowered her eyes and didn't answer my question I knew something had happened. The answer was inside that envelope. I took a deep breath and opened it. xxxxxxxxxx Alpha Book I – The Third Isaac Black 1. Coming Home I sat down on the floor, my legs falling over the edge of the cliff. My mother had once told me she loved that place because she could see the infinite horizon from there: the place where the sky and the ocean merged, becoming one. The endless blue ocean was angry beneath my feet, many meters below. When I was a kid I'd seen many of my parents' friends jump from where I was sitting and I remember thinking they were all insane. Nowadays being there, didn't frighten me anymore. The orange sunset was magnificent. La Push's nature had always been sort of magical to me even though I spend most of my time in Arizona now. I felt bad about being away from home, away from my childhood friends (there weren't many) and my family, but there was something about this place I resented. As soon as I had arrived early this afternoon, I felt agitated, as if something wasn't right. Uncle Seth told me it was probably because I was worried about my college duties, but I didn't share his opinion. The nightmares had returned and now that I was here, they'd turn even worse, like they always did when I came home. Mum told me, years ago, I had suffered a childhood trauma when I was eight. That trauma had messed up my head, my dreams and my mental health. I still had to take medication daily for anxiety and severe headaches. Every time I was in La Push, I'd remember that night. It was dark outside and I was alone in my bedroom. I had shared a bedroom with Sarah for a few yeas but when JJ was born, Dad arranged us to have separate rooms. I remember Madeleine, Brady's girlfriend, was our babysitter that night. She was downstairs trying to make JJ sleep. Our parents were at the beach, with our closest friends and family. It was some sort of celebration. Months ago La Push and Forks had been hit by a tornado and people needed to relax and cheer up. I remember I fell asleep for a few hours. When I woke up Madeleine was screaming along with JJ, Sarah was crying in her bedroom and Harry and Will were nowhere to be found. The next thing I knew I was being pulled into the hallway by a giant beast. I had a scar on my left arm that my mother said it was from when I had broken the window to escape the fire that was consuming our house. The problem was I didn't remember breaking the window. All I could remember was a hairy beast, trying to get me. "I knew I'd find you here, Boo." Sarah pulled me out of my trance and came to sit next to me. She put her head on my shoulder and held my arm. Sarah and I were practically the same age. She was about to turn seventeen and I'd be eighteen in a little more than two months. Some people thought we were twins and considering my mother had given birth to twins before I was born, it was perfectly normal people thought that way. "Is Mum back yet?" I asked. We had arrived only an hour ago to an empty house. Mum and Dad were nowhere to be found and JJ was still at school. Uncle Seth had dropped us and instructed us to stay home until one of our parents returned. "Nope. But I called her. She's still with grandma in Forks. They have to order the coffin and the flowers." Sarah replied. "Are you angry with Dad because he summoned you?" "No. It's Old Quil's funeral. I want to be here." Old Quil was an elder. Quil's grandfather was a respected member of our community but last year he became ill. Old Quil was an old man when I was born, almost eighteen years ago. And Uncle Seth had once told me, he was old when he was born too, so it was actually a miracle that he had lived so many years. I didn't know for sure his age, but everyone seemed to bet he was at least one hundred and ten. Since he was a member of the Council, his funeral would last three days. That's why my father had called me home. After all I was a Black and I should attend the ceremony. "You don't need to be worried about classes, Boo. You're a genius, remember?" Sarah said. "I'm sure you'll pass all the exams. You're always the best in your class anyway." "Shouldn't you be home waiting for Dad?" I asked. "He's probably with the tribal council. It'll take time. You know their meetings take hours and they have to choose another member now that poor Old Quil's dead." Our father wasn't La Push's Chief yet, that role belonged to our grandfather Billy Black, but granddad was getting old and relied on our father more and more each year. My grandmother Sue Clearwater was also a Council member along with Billy and Old Quil. She had won her place in the Council when my grandfather Harry died. I never got to meet him, but everyone said he was kind, patient and fair. Mum told me once that from her five children, I was the one who recalled her more of her father. Now that the Council was one member short, it was time to choose a replacement. Sam Uley was the best candidate. Everyone knew the Uleys should be called upon the Council. They were one of the founding families of La Push despite being put aside for many years because of an old feud between the Uleys and the Blacks. But there were more candidates: Quil, as the late member's grandson had a claim to that position as well and there was also Hal White, supported by his wife, Rhonda. Mum used to say they were jealous idiots and would never take a seat in the Council but Rhonda was quite fierce and had summoned her "troops" already. The decision of who would take Old Quil's place would not change anything for me though. In a week, I would be back to Arizona. "Is there something you want to tell me?" I asked. I'd felt my sister's anxiety ever since she'd arrived. I knew she wanted to ask me something. "Maybe…" She faced me. "Okay… shoot." "It's my senior year, you know?" She questioned. Of course I knew. I'd be helping her studying ever since we were kids. Every time she had a project to do, a test or even a paper work to write, she'd always call me for help. "I know. And?" "And… I want to go study with you in Arizona." I looked at her without knowing what to say. Sarah had never showed any interest on leaving the reservation. She belonged there with the rest of my family. I was the odd one out. I didn't fit properly, people considered me a weird kid and I didn't have many friends growing up. All of my siblings were the exact opposite. Harry was the typical happy-go-lucky kind of person and everyone loved him. He possessed a unique charisma similar to my father. William was defiant and fierce but he also had a sort of golden aura that made people follow him blindly. Sarah was a sweet girl, full of hopes and dreams, and she had a contagious optimism matching our Dad's. As for JJ, he was still a child, but he was an easy going kid who was always eager to help. I was nothing like them. I was the typical nerd. Always studying, always at home, always alone. Counselors from school wrote in their reports my high IQ was responsible for my inability of socializing properly with kids of my age, except for my sister. "I'd like you to come too, Sarah but you know it's not that easy.