Disclaimer: Twilight belongs to Stephenie Meyer not me. Author/Note 1: This one-shot follows what happens in chapters 18, 19 and 20 of Our Dawn 1 . For the ones who don't remember what happened in these two chapters of the first part of the Our Dawn Series, Bella and Edward are ready to get married right after she was turned into a vampire. Jacob is trying hard to let go of Bella's memories and he notices Leah for the first time. A/Note 2: I'm not a native English speaker so I'm sorry for my grammar and spelling. Thank you for reading. Our Dawn Series Specials Episode One – Will you be my Beta? Jacob Black I slowly got up from my bed and went to the bathroom, kicking and tripping on my clothes and shoes scattered all over the floor. I had a quick shower and started to get myself presentable for the big day. I had left the Cullen's house less than an hour ago. The mind rapist had invited us for his bachelor party and we couldn't refuse. Well I wanted to but that was what Edward wanted me to do so I decided to do the exact opposite just to piss him off. The night ended up being unexpectedly fun but that was just because we had all the food and drinks we wanted for free. Since I arrived home I had locked myself in my bedroom thinking about what was about to happen. Bella was getting married to him . I had tried to ignore the subject because I wanted to forget I had once loved that girl. It was hard for me but I wanted to accept that Bella was no longer my best friend, she wasn't even human anymore and she was about to have her happy ending. I should feel happy for her and move on. But things weren't that easy. Feelings didn't disappear overnight and five days weren't enough to take Bella out of my mind or my heart. Maybe I would be able to forget in five years but never in five days. I still loved her in a weird kind of way. We could no longer be together since she was now my mortal enemy but I could still see the old Bella and that was killing me inside. I could've let Bella die when Irina attacked us but I chose to let Edward turn her. She was going to marry him because I had allowed the mind rapist to save her or condemn her, it depends on the point of view. The pain hit me full force again and I almost wished to be crushed by a newborn vampire again. At least that way my body would hurt but not my heart. I had ran away once because I didn't want to see her getting married to Edward Cullen but this time I couldn't run anymore. This was it and it was final. I had to get my own closure. Bella would never be mine. Dressing up carefully not to ruin the expensive suit that Alice had bought me, I tried to keep my thoughts away from Bella and her new life with the mind rapist. I just had to think that they were my enemies and everything would be fine, right? Wrong. I had promised Bella to be with her as long as she needed me. I had made clear to everyone in the pack that I would not tolerate a hostile position against the Cullens just because I still loved her. I was an idiot. I knew I was being stupid but the memories, our memories , were still alive in my head and five days weren't enough to let it go. After getting dressed I made my way over to my dad's bedroom but he didn't need any help. Rachel had helped him before leaving to the Clearwater's house. I was about to have a glass of milk when I felt that someone was coming. Unfortunately he was one of the people I hated the most today. Out of politeness, something that he had acquired just a few days ago, Paul knocked on the door. "She's not here." I yelled at him without moving. "Can you at least open the door?" He asked. "No." "Jacob…please don't make a scene." My father said wheeling himself towards the door. "I'm not doing anything." I made an innocent face. "Where is she?" Paul asked as soon as dad opened the door. "Mind your own businesses, Paul." I stated. "Come on, Jake…She's my imprint. We're meant to be together besides it's not like I asked to imprint on your sister." "Then fight against it." I suggested. "I can't." I rolled my eyes and kept making my sandwich. "My sister had a brilliant future ahead…now she's stuck with you." Rachel was just like Bella now. Stuck with a dumbass forever. The only difference was that Paul wasn't dead…yet. I hadn't killed him so far because Rachel had shown interest in the douche and I didn't want to cause her any pain but if he tried anything funny with her, he was going to get his ass kicked. "I think I'm falling in love with her." Paul said. "You believe me, don't you Mr. Black?" "Yeah…I guess so. Rachel told me she likes you too." My dad confessed. He was happy because this way Rachel would stay in La Push with us. I would never forget my sister's words when she admitted that she was starting to have feelings for Paul Lahote a few days ago. We ended up arguing and she even hit me stating that I wasn't her father and couldn't boss her around. I sure wasn't her father but I would never let my sister in the hands of some perverted douche like Paul without putting up a fight. She deserved better than that. "She said that? When?" Paul asked with a large smirk on his stupid face. "A couple of days ago but don't get your hopes too high son…she didn't say the L word." I sighed sadly. Rachel didn't say she loved Paul but the way she spoke of him, I knew she would say it soon. I should've done something very wrong in my previous life to deserve such a shitty fate. "So…Where's Rachel then?" "At Sue's." My dad answered. "Where do you think you're going asshole?" I asked when Paul was about to leave. "To pick her up?" He raised an eyebrow. "I don't think so." "You can't stop me!" Paul fumed. "I know you're the alpha now but I'm just going to pick her up and take her to the Cullens I'm not going to run away with her and…" "We got the point Paul." My father warned. "You're wrong about something though…" I grinned. "I can stop you if I want to. I'm not the alpha just for fun." "I know…You're the alpha because you want to protect the treaty we have with the Cullens and want to stay close to your ex-girlfriend." "Shut up!" I warned him. "Don't provoke my son, Paul. Jake's not in the mood today." "Why not? Oh…wait I remember now…because his girlfriend is getting married to another." "That's it!" I stepped forward but my father put himself between Paul and I preventing me from kicking him senseless. "So…are you going to alpha command me or can I go see my imprint?" My dad handed Paul the keys to my car and Paul looked at him confused. "Take the Rabbit out of the garage please." He asked. "You're coming with us to pick up Rachel." Oh great! Now I was going to have to endure Paul all the way to the Clearwater's and during the damn wedding. I did have a backup plan though and that was the reason why I had sent Rachel over to Sue's place. When I arrived home that morning, a bit wasted, Seth called to tell me Leah wanted to skip the wedding and stay at home. I really didn't give a flying shit about that but then I remembered that Rachel used to be Leah's friend and Leah hated Paul probably even more than I did. So I just had to make sure my sister and Leah would tag along during the ceremony. That would keep Paul at a safe distance and I could relax for a while. "Why is Rachel at Sue's?" Paul asked. "She's dressing up for the wedding with Leah." My father explained. "Women stuff." "Dressing up with the harpy? That's a surprise." He laughed. I hoped Rachel had managed to convince Leah to go. I had specifically told her that her mission was to convince Leah Clearwater to go to Bella's wedding. "Leah should just stay at home. She's not into weddings…I mean with Sam and Emily's coming up soon I'm sure she'll be a super-bitch today." Paul commented. Paul was right. Leah wasn't the easiest person to be around nowadays. She was still hurting a lot because Sam had dumped her but I needed her to go to this particular wedding. My mental sanity depended on it. I parked the Rabbit near Sue's house and my dad stayed in the car. I knocked and Seth came to meet us. Embry and Quil were at his place as well. Then we heard Leah's voice upstairs. She was not in a good mood. " What part of I don't want to go, did you not understand Rach?" She asked. " Come on Leah. We're already dressed might as well go there and have some fun." My sister tried. " I'm not in the mood for happy endings." I knew exactly what she was referring to and I could relate. I wasn't happy to see the girl of my dreams getting married to Edward Cullen just like she wasn't happy to know that Sam would marry Emily soon. " Give me a good reason to stay at home." Rachel demanded and Leah kept quiet. She hadn't told Rachel why Sam had dumped her and I guess she didn't want to tell her that the only reason she didn't want to go was because she would start thinking about Sam and Emily's wedding next year. Now I knew why Rachel and Leah had always been friends. They were stubborn, bitchy, and bossy. God helped Paul and the idiot who would fall in love with Leah Clearwater. The bastard would have to be either a masochist or really unlucky. My thoughts were shaken by the image of a young woman coming down the stairs. She looked quite familiar but I didn't recognise her immediately. Leah was practically unrecognisable. She was wearing a dark red dress with no sleeves. The corset of the dress gave us a really good view to her round and perfect breasts. The rest of the dress hugged her body perfectly, showing off the curves of her well defined waist. Her hair was up and she wasn't wearing any make-up which she didn't need anyways. The word "beautiful" wasn't enough to describe Leah in that dress and all I could think of was that Sam was a stupid asshole for choosing Emily over her. "I'm still waiting Leah." Rachel said coming down the stairs too. "If you don't give me a good reason I'm going to drag you there, do you hear me? I'm not going to leave you here drowning in your self-pity. You need to show him you've moved on." "Fine." Leah yelled back going to the kitchen and putting her shoes on. "Let's get over with this shit." "Great. Let's go then." Rachel smiled and winked at me. Mission accomplished. "What the hell are you looking at?" Leah groaned. I was still staring at her but I noticed she wasn't speaking to me, she was addressing Embry who was now blushing so hard he was the same colour as her dress. "Stupid teenagers." Leah spat and went