" I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul." - Pablo Neruda Deep down, I had always believed that there were supernatural things in the world. I'm not a religious person, but now that I'm thinking about it, I wish I were. But would God have even accepted an abomination like me if I asked? Surely not. There must not be a place in heaven for demons and monsters. In the beginning it had been so much fun, realizing I was different. Isn't it ingrained in us as children to want to be supernatural or have magical powers? For me, it wasn't just a childish daydream anymore. It was reality, but it wasn't very pretty. All I could see were bodies hanging, seeming to go on for miles and miles. And blood. So much blood. I covered my face, trying not to see the bodies hanging before me. Someone was screaming…and I realized it was me. One I stifled an exasperated sigh when we pulled up into a gravel parking lot off Highway 17. "Oh my god, this is going to be so much fun!" one of my sister's friends, Maggie I think her name was, practically screamed in my ear. "This lady better not tell me that me and Scott are going to divorce in a year, or I will seriously hurt someone!" my sister shouted dramatically, turning in her seat so she could look at her friends in the back, all while holding her bachelorette crown in place. Jessie is technically my half sister, but I never call her that. It seems wrong to refer to her as my half sister as though I consider her less than the real thing. I never liked telling people anyway, because the follow-up question is always, "Well, who's your dad, then?" Since I don't know who my father is and neither does my mom, that conversation always ends in awkward silence. When I was born, Bruce, my mother's on-and-off boyfriend, was there, ready to assume the responsibility of dad even though I wasn't his. They each recall the story a little differently, but one thing Bruce and my mom can completely agree on when it comes to their early years is that when I was born, everything changed. When Bruce held me for the first time in that hospital in Charleston, South Carolina, eyes brimming with tears, my mom knew that he was the one for her. No one else would ever compare. I whole-heartedly agree with that. Even though I am a little curious about my birth father, Bruce has always been and will always be my dad. Cara Marie Hansen, they named me. They got married a couple months after my birth and a year later, my sister Jessie was born. Oh, what can I say about Jessie? Jessie is beautiful. She has a lot of my mom in her: blue eyes, soft features, and admired by everyone around her. Then she has Bruce's easily tanned skin, which further accentuates the paleness of her highlighted hair and blueness of her eyes. Through high school she was on top of her class, head cheerleader, and Miss Popularity. She did everything right by my parents as if it were just natural to her. She worked at Bruce's concrete company as a secretary, something I've never been interested in doing, while also attending nursing school. Now she has a career and she's getting married. So, she's basically perfect. Very, very different from me. I, on the other hand, have never really felt beautiful, especially next to her and hell, even next to my mom! The only physical trait I've inherited that resembles either of them is light blond hair, which I usually keep at shoulder length. I didn't get my mother's oval face or soft features, but more of a square face and dramatic features. My eyes are a little too far apart to be standard pretty, and they are black. Not brown, but black. My skin is blindingly pale, and I get burned so easily I was thought to be allergic to sunlight. I'm not, but I might as well be. And living in a sunny town where human interaction revolves around going to the beach and going boating has made my social life even less existent. But what I hate most about my looks is my height. I'm six feet and skinny as a beanpole. I don't have poise and grace like some leggy girls. No, I'm just awkward and tall. I still cringe remembering middle school, where I was the tallest kid in my class, even taller than the boys. I didn't seem to develop like the other girls, but just kept on growing taller! So, there was no shortage of ammo for bullies to throw at me growing up. I don't like to complain, but it is a little depressing always being in your sister's shadow. If you can be in your sister's shadow when you're a head taller than she, that is. I do have good things to say about myself, though. I am gifted musically, enough so that I've been able to play almost every instrument I've picked up since I was a child. Despite my family believing I was a musical child prodigy, no one besides them has ever recognized my talent. For example, I was in marching band and entered competitions with my high school, but though our school always placed high, I was one of the few to not get a music scholarship. It's not that I'm looking for everyone to pat me on the back, by any means; I just want to feel like I have a place in the world. I don't want to be my sister or have everyone's admiration. I guess I just want to know what it's like not being invisible. But all things considered, I have a lot to be grateful for. I have an apartment in the city that would be enviable to most my age, which I pay for by waitressing and bartending, and I have a wonderful family. I consider my sister Jessie to be my best friend, though lately we haven't spent much time together, because she met Scott, her soon-to-be-husband. But she's happy and I'm not resentful… except for the fact that I was suckered into being the designated driver, AKA babysitter, for her bachelorette party. "Oh, this lady is amazing! I'm sure she will say that you and Scott will be together forever, just like we all know you will!" gushed another one of Jessie's friends. I rolled my eyes. Even though I agreed their relationship would last, I couldn't take much more booze-fueled babbling. It was almost three o' clock in the morning, and we had been out at the bars all night. Still, the torture continued and we had one last stop: a "Psychic Vision Center" in the straight-up ghetto of Charleston. Yippee! I couldn't help but let out a tired sigh when we parked at our last destination. Well, our last destination before I'd be taking them all home. Ugh, kill me. "Here we are, girls." I had meant to sound happy or excited, but it came out as a grumble. They all squealed, a wordless sound that pierced my ears, and hurried out of the car, practically stumbling over each other. A red neon sign in the shape of a hand hung above the small building with "Lady Sage's Psychic Readings" under it. As dark as the windows were, I would have assumed the place was closed, but for another neon sign in the window that flashed open . I vaguely remembered that the building had been a chiropractor's office a few years back. "This lady is so amazing," said Michelle, the one who had dragged us here. "She told me I was about to have a new, like, change in my life and I totally got the job I wanted." "Oh my god, that is crazy ," said another one of Jessie's friends, a short blond that had introduced herself as Alyssa. They all clutched each other and hobbled on their high heels as they walked toward the building, my sister adjusting the plastic crown on her head for the millionth time that night, and I resisted the urge to groan as I followed. When we walked in, the smell of incense overwhelmed my nose and a little bell rang above our heads, singing our arrival. There was no overhead lighting, but the room was lit with countless candles flickering in every possible space, making me wonder if that was a serious fire hazard. "Hello, my children!" A woman sang from where she sat behind the counter, surrounded by candles. She was a heavier-set woman with a large amount of frizzy, brown hair with very visible grays throughout it. When she came around the counter, I was surprised to see that she hadn't been sitting at all; she was just very short. She looked the part of a psychic in a puffy white shirt, a cloth belt tied underneath her large breasts, and a billowing crushed velvet skirt. All she needed was a purple cloth headband and maybe some gold coins jingling from her belt and she would be the perfect gypsy psychic reader. "I am Lady Sage, and I will be your psychic guide this evening," she said in a sing song voice, with a dramatic sweep of her hand. "Are you ladies the Hansen party?" "Yes, yes, that's us. I'm Jessie Hansen," my sister blurted out, her words slightly jumbled together with both drunkenness and excitement. Lady Sage gracefully kept her smile in place, though I noticed it faltered just a bit. "Would you like us to pay now, or would you like us to wait till the end?" I chimed in. "Payments first, my children, please," she said, beaming at me, and I think she could tell that I, at least, wasn't drunk. "Four, all separate!" said Michelle, the one who had been here before. Lady Sage's eyes rolled over each one of us for a second. "Not five?" There were five of us, after all. "No," Jessie said, rolling her eyes. "My sister doesn't want a reading ." The last part she said very uncivilly. "I am fine," I said quickly. Just get me into my bed, please , I thought. "Are you sure?" Lady Sage asked. "I'm OK," I said. If all else fails, use different wording. I didn't believe in psychic mumbo jumbo, but maybe under different circumstances I would have been curious enough to get a reading. As it was, I was sober and tired, and more interested in sleep than anything else. "All right," she said, shrugging. "Miss Hansen, the lovely bride to be, will you step into this room…" She gestured to an open door to the right. "The others, you may sit in the chairs behind you, or feel free to go into the room on your left for some items for sale." I followed Jessie's friends into the room of "items for sale," while Jessie went into the room with Lady Sage. The room that had once been clean and had a chiropractor's table now appeared to have been long neglected, giving it a totally different feel. The vibes the room gave off were those of a disorganized room in someone's house that you weren't supposed to be in. Trespassing , it almost felt like. One floor lamp bathed the room with a yellow glow. I think it was the only actual electric light in the entire place. A sign on a nearby stand looked like it belonged at a fast food restaurant, but instead of saying "Line starts here," it said "You steal it, and you take bad luck." I huffed at that. That didn't actually deter anyone from stealing, did it? Two tables took up most of the room, stacked with books