Summary: (AU) After Isuldur defeats Sauron a war begins between the humanand elven races leading to the enslavement of the human race. Now there is one human slave boy called Estel who is the last great hope for middle earth. This is the stories of Estel's beginning adventures going from slave boy to son gaining enemies and friends along the way. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters used within this fanfiction. All are products of J.R.R. Tolkien. Rating: PG-13. Some child abuse/torture. No sexual situations or violence language. Background Info: This story is an alternate universe story. I cannot promise that my facts go along perfectly with book cannon and I'm sure I've made some mistakes on some of these minor details so please forgive me and feel free to let me know in reviews if you want. I'd be happy for the corrections. Authors Note: This is my first fanfiction and I know it's not perfect. I've tried to keep it interesting and I hope that you will find it exciting and entertaining. I would appreciate your opinions on how I can improve my story like if the characters and plot are interesting and authentic, etc. I appreciate your reading and your input. I know this prologue is not the most interesting, but I hope you will bear with me and not give up if this bores you. Since it is alternate universe I wanted to start out with some background information. I promise the next chapter (chapter 1) will be more interesting than this. So please stick with me and give it a chance. Thanks again and happy reading. Prologue: "Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone, Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie". -- J R R Tolkien Once at the dawning of the age middle earth existed in peace. Dwarves, Elves, and Men all lived together, like brothers, and middle earth flourished... But peace was not to be kept... For with light darkness inevitably follows, seeking to smother its eternal grace. The breaking of the world began with good intentions. Most things do, but oh how quickly good intentions are forgotten at the pinnings of power. And oh how quickly the heart is turned with illusions of grandeur. There was a powerful wizard named Sauron. He was a protector over middle earth and loved by all its creatures. The Valar blessed him above all mortal men with eternal life and great power. But Sauron was easily corrupted by this power and grew arrogant and selfish. A demon called Meldor saw the weakness of Sauron and knew he would easily be turned towards the side of darkness. Meldor was prohibited by the binding rules of the Valar to interfere in the ways of middle earth, but he saw a way to revenge himself against the Valar who had cast him from the undying lands an eternity ago. He would claim rule over middle earth and enslave all it's fair creatures that the Valar loved so dearly. Sauron would be his dark minion bringing a reign of darkness down upon the entire world and heralding in an apocalypse. If Meldor had his way middle earth would be flowing with the blood of innocence before the dawning of the next age and he would claim middle earth as his own while the Valar wept. Meldor promised Sauron even greater power and tempted him with visions of ruling over all of middle earth. In exchange Sauron sold his soul to the demon turning his heart black and dead. Sauron journey to Barad Dur and formed a kingdom of sorts calling the land Mordor (dark land), making it dark like his soul. And in his dark isolated kingdom Sauron's blood lust grew and his hatred of all things good and pure drove him onward as he plotted and schemed the fall of all middle earth... Sauron sought to divide the elves, dwarfs, and men. For only divided could the dark lord hope to conquer the light of creation and thus reign over the darkness that would follow. He would bring a reign of bloodshed, hatred, and death and his power would be unstoppable. And so Sauron whispered in the ears of the great kings befriending them while he twisted their thoughts to match his own. He persuaded them to create rings of power to rule over their people. The kings were clouded with illusions of grandeur as they were promised great wealth, power, and prosperity for all time. And so the rings were created. The elves created but three. They had lived upon middle earth for centuries and were a wise and cautious race. They knew that power could corrupt the soul and so shied from the rings. The elves already had so many gifts from the Valar that might held little meaning. For the elves had superior vision, hearing, grace, and speed to all other races. The elves immortality blest them with an everlasting life span. They were allowed to live for centuries to come, the guardians of fair middle earth. But perhaps the greatest gift and the greatest curse of all was their ability to commune with nature as their brethren creating life with their singular touch. They had the power to grow a flower with a single breath and a tear could save a life near death's door. Yet destruction and darkness thus became unbearable forces to contend with. Their hearts were fragile and tragedy could easily shatter the gentle souls. So the Valar gifted them with an intense glow surrounded these fair creatures and thus they became known as the children of the light. For no darkness could penetrate the magic that surrounded these fair creatures protecting them from the evils of the world lest their delicate hearts be broken in the onslaught of hate. The dwarfs were a hearty people who loved the rock and dirt of land. They had a small stature so they could be closer to the land they loved so dearly while the elves had been made tall so they could easily climb the trees they created. Dwarves were given phenomenal strength so they could pound and sculpt the earth. They too were an immortal race. But they bore seeds of jealousy for the elven people. The Dwarves could only break and mold and change. The elves could truly create and it ate at the Dwarves souls that they bore no such gifts. And so the dwarves made seven rings of power in hopes of contending with the power of the elves. Alas the dwarves so sure they were some how lacking, forgot the great many gifts the Valar had given them above all races, for they had a courage and might much to be desired. Their skill with the axe was uncontestable and they made friends with all creatures. Alas they made a foolhardy decision to create those dark rings to the ill of all. And then there was man. They bore one of the greatest gifts the Valar could bestow...heart. They loved without limits and had a passion for life that burned as bright as the flame of a candle. They wore their emotions freely quick to feel and share enriching fair middle earth with their ceaseless expression. Yet they felt themselves the weakest of the races. They were far more clumsy then elves and their senses were much more limited. Man did not have the strength of dwarves. And they were a mortal race. 100 years and then they left this world to fates unknown. And so nine rings did man erect. So sure that such power would make them just as strong, wise, graceful, and powerful as their brothers the dwarves and elves. But do not judge man harshly for they were but children in the immortal life span of all other creatures in middle earth. All children make mistakes, an inevitable truth born of life. For it is through mistakes that one gains experience and hard-learned lessons that gives one wisdom. And so the races corrupted by the power of their rings grew distant from one another. The dwarves isolated themselves in their mountains finding no use for elves and man. The elves journey to their forests and then men to their towns. And while the world crumbled the dark lord, Sauron laughed in his tower. Watching the slow destruction of the fair people of middle earth and plotted and planned dark deeds. While middle earth slowly divided and broke under the strain of shattered friendships Sauron secretly created his own ring. It was of simple craft seemingly insignificant to the untrained eye. But it was this one plain piece of metal that would forever scar a land of beauty and peace. It was this "One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them" This ring bore a power over all the other rings and would make the creatures of middle earth forcibly submissive under Sauron's dark rule, thus making him unstoppable. Sauron also created a foul army of distorted tortured elves called orcs. And transformed once peaceful wolf creatures into dark warg fighters. He gathered ogres, goblins, and other foul creatures to his evil cause building a force of darkness to be reckoned with. And then the great power of Sauron was known. He led him army across middle earth destroying or enslaving all in its path leaving a sea of blood in his wake. The beings of middle earth had learned too late of the dark lord's betrayals. They were unprepared to withstand Sauron's forces and all quickly fell under the dark armies blades. Sauron captured and enslaved elves, dwarfs, and men alike. He enslaved the dwarves and sent them to work in his dark mines, of elves he tortured and mutilated their fragile souls replenishing his fearsome orc army. And of men he created the most fearsome force of all, Wraiths. Their were but nine in all, the great kings of the age. The nine bearers of the rings of power. Such distorted creatures they no longer bore any spark of humanity their souls filled with only darkness and hate for an eternity of suffering. The killed and pillaged across the countryside following their masters bidding without a glimmer of mercy left in their wasted souls. And all hope was lost as darkness covered all of middle earth. But then hope sprang forth once more. A great king named Isuldur rose to power. He was a compassionate ruler amazingly uncorrupted by the evils around him. He went into hiding after Sauron's rise slowly reuniting the divided men of the world and slowly built an army of his own. He traveled to Mirkwood and formed peace with the elves uniting them together as a formidable force. He also journeyed to Dale gaining the Dwarfs allegiance as well. And so elf, dwarf, and man united once more as in days of old to defeat the evil that was destroying their homeland once and for all. Sauron would never again haunt their lands and peace would reign once more they vowed. It took many years and much blood shed. At times hope seemed lost, but Isuldur, Gil Galad, Elrond Perendil, and many other brave warriors fought valiantly onward in a fight for dominance of middle earth. A great battle at last came that would determine the fate of all. Elf, man, and dwarf beat back the forces of darkness with a courage and strength gifted them by the blessing of the Valar. Isuldur cut off Sauron's four fingers as well as severing the dark lord's connection to the ring of power. And so Sauron defeated and broken disappeared from middle earth in a ball of fire vowing to vengeance and to return