Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, though a piece of Edward or Carlisle would certainly be nice. Story is not BETA edited, hopefully I didn't make too many mistakes. I don't normally write affair stories but this sort of just popped into my head. Summary: Bella is very much in love with her boyfriend Edward Cullen, but what happens when his recently divorced father makes a move on his son's girl? Rated M for obvious reasons, sex and language. Forbidden Fruit Chapter One I never meant for it to happen. I loved Edward, I truly did, and at first I never thought of Carlisle as anything more than my boyfriend's father, but then, things changed. Edward's parents had separated and eventually divorced, it was really hard on Edward and his sister Alice who just happen to be my best friend. Esme had said she was no longer happy, and that now that her children were at the age that they could take care of themselves, she was going to see to her own dreams. I supposed I could understand where she was coming from, we all have things we want to accomplish in our lives, but from what I understand she didn't give the slightest indication of how she felt until one night when Carlisle came home from a double shift at the hospital and she told him, without a hint of emotion, that she would be leaving in the morning. After two months of ignoring Carlisle's calls and e-mails in a desperate attempt to reconcile with his wife, Esme filed for divorce. Edward and Alice were a mess, they felt abandoned and just plain confused, they had always thought their parents deeply in love, and so did Carlisle. While my boyfriend and best-friend were a mess, their father was a complete wreck, and in fact just days after the divorce was final, had a panic attack and had to be rushed to the hospital. He took a leave of absence from work shortly after that. There were many nights that I would stay with Edward, he needed me. Sometimes he just needed to hold me, to know I was there and that I would never leave him, and sometimes he would bury himself deep inside me and let the pleasure push away the pain. For Alice it was mostly listening to her try and work through her emotions, her hurt and anger at her mother for leaving them, her fear of not knowing how to cope and seeing her family so swiftly fall apart. Then there was Carlisle. He would lock himself in his office for hours, Alice said once she was so worried for him she literally unscrewed the hinges from the door to get to him. She found him, on the floor, passed out drunk over old family photo albums, fresh tears resting on his pale cheeks. It was the weekend of Alice's birthday, she had a party at her house, it was big and loud and very Alice, but it was fun too. Charlie had given me permission to stay the night, knowing the party would end late, he didn't want me driving home in the dark, plus it was supposed to rain that night. He never really had a problem with me staying overnight at the Cullen's, despite the fact that Edward was my boyfriend. My dad had known and trusted the Cullen's since they moved to Forks thirteen years ago. It was late, past midnight, and I simply couldn't sleep. Sitting up in bed, I looked to Edward who was still sleeping peacefully on the bed beside me, his wild bronze hair spread over the pillow. I smiled and kissed his cheek softly, "I love you" I whispered, he gave a small smile and mumbled something I didn't understand. Quietly I made my way out of bed and downstairs, hoping a warm glass of milk would help me sleep. When I got to the kitchen however I was surprised to find I wasn't the only one still awake. "Bella." Carlisle looked up from the kitchen table where he sat, a half empty bottle of Jack Daniel's in his hand. I sighed, making my way over to him, "Carlisle, you have to stop doing this to yourself," I said, bravely moving to take the liquor from him. I was actually quite surprised when he willingly handed it to me. I then dumped the remaining liquid down the drain, throwing the empty bottle in the trash. "It numbs the pain." "I know," I said sympathetically sitting in the chair beside him, "but you and I both know it's only temporary." He just nodded as his gaze moved directly to my own. His eyes were red and blood shot which was probably due to the alcohol as well as lack of sleep. "Your eyes are almost identical to hers, did you know." "My eyes"? Was he talking about Esme? "Yes, except yours, they seem to…sparkle in a way hers never did, or at least hadn't in a very long time." Carlisle took in a long deep breath, running his hand over his face, than letting it drop to the table. "I just don't understand…what did I do wrong? I thought…I thought she was happy. I thought…" He trailed off, simply shaking his head; I was starting to wonder if he would ever get over her. I knew my dad never really got over losing my mom, he had even admitted to me once that he still loved her, despite her rejection and the fact that she had been remarried for almost two years now. But at least Charlie had accept it and moved on with his life. "I know it's hard, my dad went through it too. I don't know the full extent of what happened exactly because I was with my mom, but Billy mentioned he was pretty broken up for almost a good year. But Carlisle," I said, placing my own hand atop of his and smiling softly, "it will get better, if you let it." With another deep breath, Carlisle rose from his seat, allowing my hand to fall from his, "Thank you, Bella, you have been such a help to all of us during this difficult time." And then he did the very last thing I would have ever expected my boyfriend's father to do to me, he kissed me…on the mouth, and it wasn't a quick peck either, but full of desire and longing and as much as I hated to admit, it was phenomenal, even with the taste of alcohol on his lips, it was one of the best kisses I could ever remember having. And when he finally pulled away he gave a small laugh and headed back up stairs. That moment, at least in my mind, marked the beginning of an affair that I would have with Dr. Carlisle Cullen. XXX It had been almost a month since that kiss in the kitchen, and since that time I hadn't been able to look Carlisle in face without blushing. Thankfully, since I blush over pretty much anything, no one seemed to think anything of it. That kiss marked a turning point for Carlisle, I don't know if it had anything to do with what I had said or if it was something he came to realize on his own, but the very next day Dr. Cullen began to slowly extinguish his ex-wife from his life. He got rid of most of her pictures, sending them to her directly, he kept a few, giving them to his children, as well as their wedding pictures which he packed in a box and put in the attic. He would later tell me that there was a point in their marriage that was good and happy and he didn't want to completely forget that, and I could understand that, I know Charlie still had a couple pictures of Renee around. It was close to two on a Saturday afternoon, I had gone over to the Cullen's to hang out with Edward, Alice and a few of our other friends. Edward had gotten a part time job at the hospital working a few hours a day a couple days a week as a parking attendent. It wasn't glamorous, but what jobs available to seventeen years olds are? His shift started at 2:45 and with Forks being, well rural, it would take him a little over a half an hour to get there, and Edward being overly anal about promptness, always left earlier then necessary. He gave me a quick kiss before grabbing his keys and heading out the door. Around ten minutes later Alice along with Rose decided they wanted to go shopping, which I refused to do unless completely necessary, especially with Alice, when she enters a mall she's like the Energizer Bunny, she just never stops. "Well, Jazz is going over to Emmett's to play some new war game on his Playstaion 3, so unless you want to join them, I should probably give you a ride home." Alice offered. "Yeah, thanks Alice, I appreciate it." My truck had died the day before, for the, what I think was the fifth time since receiving it as a welcome home gift from my dad when I came to live with him. My friend Jake who is good with mechanical stuff was taking a look at it, but I really had no hopes for it. "You girls go ahead, I'll take her home." I turned to see Carlisle standing just a few feet away. He looked freaking hot. He had been dressing a little differently lately. Edward figured the divorce brought on a sort of mid-life crisis, at the time, I agreed. He had on blue jeans and not old man jeans either, but like he had picked them straight out of Edward closet. He also wore a tight plain black T-shirt, which was doing an amazing job if showing of his well defined chest. "Oh thanks, dad," Alice said giving a little jump for joy, "it would have cost Rose and I a good twenty minutes off our shopping time." "Well sorry to be such an inconvenience," I said rolling my eyes. Alice just giggled and both she and Rose gave me a hug before walking out the door. It had been the first time I had been alone with Carlisle since the kiss and with him looking, well like a sex-god, my famous blush quickly returned. A small almost devilish smile pulled to his lips as he slowly made his way towards me. "I can easily understand why Edward so enjoyes seeing this," he said, slowly raking the back of his fingers across my cheek. "You are so beautiful, Bella, so very beautiful." God he was making me hot. Why was he doing this? I was dating his son for Christ's sake. "Dr. Cullen, I don't think you should be- My words were cut short as his mouth collided with my own, his arms went around my waist, deepening the kiss as he pulled me closer. And I let him. I let him kiss me, and God forgive me, I kissed him back. It was so wrong, but it felt so amazingly good. But then, suddenly the image of my sweet, wonderful, loving boyfriend appeared in my mind." Moving my palms to his chest I hastily pushed him away, "I can't do this." He just smiled, seemingly undeterred. "I can't hurt Edward." "Edward doesn't have to know." "Look, Dr. Cullen, I know your probably still a little upset about the divorce and your desire to feel…I don't know, young, I guess, is your way of coping, but I don't think attempting to seduce me is a good way to work through your problems." "Oh Bella, it's so much more than that," he spoke, his smooth velvety voice sending a delightful shiver up my spine. "You are such an amazing creature," he purred as