Hello all! I decided after a few days of running through my head that I just had to write this story. It fits in at the beginning of Half Blood Prince and I have changed only minor details. For the convenience of writing this story, the flashbacks are told mostly from the point of view of Tom...sometimes others. Please let me know what you think, any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. Note: All characters and some text were taken from Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. I only own my original characters. Harry Potter belongs to J.K. Rowling, our queen. Chapter 1: The Boy Called Tom Riddle Harry climbed the stairs to Albus Dumbledore's office and each step his feelings of excitement seemed to grow. Ever since the beginning of his sixth year, he had been receiving lessons from the Headmaster in secret. Lessons that had become anything other than what he had expected. At first, he had thought he would be learning powerful defensive magic, or perhaps continuing the disastrous occlumency lessons he had begun the year before with Snape. It turned out to be neither. He reached the top of the stairs, knocking as he did on the great wooden door that marked the entrance to the office of the Headmaster at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. "Come in" came the muffled voice of Harry's mentor and teacher. "Hello professor" Harry said and then frowned slightly as he saw the pensive was already present on Dumbledore's desk. "I'm not late, am I?" "Oh no, you are right on time. I simply took the liberty of preparing things for you as we have a lot of information to cover in our session tonight." He gestured with his good hand; the other still contained the ring and as a result was blackened and shriveled by some magic the man had yet to discuss with Harry. "Do you recall where we left off last time we met?" Asked the old man gently as Harry took his seat in front of the massive desk. "Yes sir, you showed me the memory of Voldemort's mother and his father along with your thoughts on how it was they met." "Yes, that's right exactly." His eyes lighting up with pleasure at Harry's correct answer. "We will be picking off at the next point; this time however, we will be using a memory of my own." "Of your own, sir?" "Yes, you see Harry, Voldemort is not entirely the man you have come to believe he is. Last time, I suspected you harbored some feelings of surprise at the thought that such a dark wizard as he could even have a mother." He paused, waiting for Harry to argue. He said nothing, knowing full well that he had been surprised. Surprised, that the monster that had killed Harry's entire family had been born to people who might have cared for him. "As such, in order for us to truly understand his motives and understand his plans, we must come to see things from his point of view. Today, I think we might manage that." He continued. Harry only nodded and turned his entire attention to the swirling mass of silver fog which was present in the bowl before him. He took a deep breath, and plunged down, Dumbledore following very shortly after. London, England July, 1938 "Tom…Tom!" The youngest matron hissed at him in frustration. "What are you doing?" "…just playing." Tom said with annoyance cleanly hidden behind his innocent smile. "You are playing with ten frogs?" The matron asked suspiciously. "Yes, it's quite fun, would you like to join me?" He kept his smile plastered on his face. "Of course not!" She growled in frustration as she picked the eleven year-old boy up by the collar of his worn jacked. "You have a visitor, you need to look presentable. Oh and where has Ivy got too?" Tom instantly flinched at the touch of the old bat (though she couldn't have been more than thirty). He was always uncomfortable with others touching him, but even more so when it was unexpected. He also felt surprise, this matron was new and she didn't have the skittishness that the others had around him. Well, he would have to change that. "I'm here matron!" another voice said which belonged to a girl who was his age. "Oh well at least you haven't completely destroyed your clothes. Come here, there is a visitor that wants to see both you and Tom." "Both?" Ivy said, but followed along dutifully after the matron. "Yes both, maybe he wants to adopt you. Be on your best behavior or you won't get any supper!" She threatened, still dragging Tom along behind her by his jacket. Tom's eyes narrowed at the threat. It wasn't an empty one, he knew that. He also knew that the orphanage was overrun, like usual, and he and Ivy were getting older. They were getting less…desirable. He knew that the Head Matron, Miss Cole hated the pair of them, that she would do anything to be rid of them. Stubbornly, he threw his feet down, forcing the matron to let go of his collar. "I can walk there myself. Besides, Ivy needs to wash her hands." He said icily. "Fine! Just be presentable in five minutes." And she jogged away, no doubt to ensure that their guest wouldn't be kept waiting for too long. "I don't need to wash my hands Tom; you were the one playing in the mud with the frogs." Ivy said pointedly, nodding as she did so at Tom's hands. "I know that. I just wanted to get rid of her." Tom said levelly. "Anyway, those ten should do us for the next few days. I want to see if we can make them explode like the one last week. Besides, do you really want to go without dinner two nights in a row?" "…no." Ivy said quietly. They had been threatened by Miss Cole the day before, and despite their efforts, they just couldn't explain how Timmy and Johnny had both fallen down the stairs. Two different times. On the same day. Even though Ivy and Tom had both been in separate areas of the building at the time. It never seemed to matter to Miss Cole though, it was always their fault. "Well then, I need to go change." Tom said dismissively. "Come with me." Ivy dutifully followed. The two walked in silence down the long, white corridor to Tom's room. Once there, he quickly changed into a new jacket and new white shirt, pausing in between to wash his hands in the wash stand that at the end of the room. "Tom…do you really think we will get adopted?" Ivy's voice broke the comfortable silence. There was no wistful hope in her voice, no that had been broken years before after disappointment after disappointment. Though Tom had been at the orphanage the longest of any of the children, Ivy had been there second-longest. Tom had heard the story many times from the matrons' fat mouths. His mother had given birth in this very building, dying shortly after, giving only enough instructions as to provide his new caretaker's with a name: Tom Marvolo Riddle. She had said Tom and Riddle after his father, while Marvolo, an odd name, was provided in memory of her father, his grandfather. After that, Tom had known only this orphanage. He hadn't gotten along with the other children, had flat out refused to play with them, and, when they became too annoying, he would…punish them. At first, Tom hadn't been able to control it, but then, slowly, he discovered he could. He had felt special, in that moment, finally feeling like he could do something others could not. Then, the year he had turned five, he discovered he wasn't alone. Tom paused in his washing to shoot a look at the girl seated on his bed. Ivy Marie Petros had arrived at the orphanage the year both she and Tom had turned five. She had been an odd one even then. She never uttered a word for the first year of her stay. Tom had ignored her. Just another stupid girl, no interest to him whatsoever. "Of course not, Ivy. Don't be daft. Who would want a pair of eleven-year olds? If anything, I'll be adopted." He smiled at her. Not a totally unkind smile and Ivy knew him well enough to catch on to his favorite subject to tease her with. She looked at him, returning the smile, jerking her head casually to the right. As she did so, the water basin in which he had been washing the mud from his hands jiggled, threatening to spill all over his second set of clean clothes. Tom jumped back, alarm written on his handsome features. He whirled around to face her, eyes narrowed and ready for anything she might do. But, as usual, Ivy didn't do anything to Tom. She just continued to smile before asking, "Are you quite done? The matron said we only had five minutes." Tom led the way back from his room to the main entrance of the orphanage. Ivy followed close behind him. As he passed the various other residents, he smirked as he saw the fear in their eyes. Worthless, every one of them. The only person in Tom's world who wasn't the least bit useless was the one following him. Ivy had begun to catch Tom's eye several months after she arrived. She still wasn't talking, but Tom had noticed that while the others steered clear of him, Ivy hadn't been so lucky. She had gotten bullied. Mostly because of her eyes at first, both of which were an unusual shade of violet, but when she didn't fight back or cry the bullying only got worse. It wasn't until the group of them went out to the cape, like they did every summer that it happened. Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop, perhaps the two biggest fools that Tom had ever seen, corned Ivy down by the beach. English beaches, being that they were never quite warm and always windy, had caused the two of them to insist Ivy join them in a cave. Tom had overheard them and decided to follow behind them out of boredom. Dennis had started it, Tom had seen it clearly. He shoved Ivy, and hard. The girl was smaller than the others her age and went down, bloodying one knee considerably in the process. Tom had expected her to start crying, but she simply rose quietly back to her feet and shot Dennis the nastiest glare she could. That infuriated Amy, who shoved Ivy again trying to elicit a response from the smaller girl. This went on for several minutes, both bullies shouted taunts at Ivy, saying things like, 'purple-freak' and 'stupid monkey'. Tom watched the entire exchange and was about to step in, after all, he wasn't going to be blamed for those fools killing the girl, when he felt it. It was like a rush of power, one that he had felt before in himself. But this time, it came from outside of him. There was a bright light and Amy and Dennis had been shoved backwards, both hitting their heads on the stone wall behind them. Tom turned to look and saw Ivy, breathing hard, wiping blood away from her mouth. "How did you...?" Tom began to say, when another burst of light, this time red, shot forth from Ivy, hitting both of the others and causing them to scream in agony. The light went out as abruptly as it had appeared, and Ivy fell to her knees, splaying her hands out in front of her to avoid hitting her face on the stones. Tom approached her cautiously, lest she turn her powers on him. He crouched down beside her, careful not to make too much noise. She stiffened as she sensed someone