Penname: Savage Title: Fearfully Rage Summary: Sir Edward has just lost a jousting match, humiliating himself in front of his new wife, Isabella. As his childhood demons overtake him, he finds the comfort he needs in his wife's touch, and makes a revelation he does not expect, and for which he had only dared to hope. (Unexpected Circumstances, Chapter 18 – Inelegantly Fail, from EPOV) Disclaimer: All the Twilight stuff belongs to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. I'm just finger painting with her pudding. Author's Note: HELLO ALL MY FAN FICTION PEEPS! I know, this isn't technically a new story. It was originally included in the Fandom Fights Tsunami Appeal way back in the day. FFN kicked it off some time ago, and I'm putting it back out here for y'all to enjoy for a while, and to announce the Unexpected Circumstances has been re-edited and published for the world to read! It will be released as a 7-part series (because it really is that long), and each book is about 120 pages. You can find them by visiting my Amazon Author page! See my profile for the links! Make sure you jump on it quickly! In the meantime… ENJOY! Fearfully Rage Trembling, mind-numbing heat accompanied the rage, and as I was lying on my back in the center of the arena, I was instantly transported into the tight, dark box inside the carriage. I couldn't see anything, but I could hear. I could hear the screams, the cries, the muffled voices, and the laughter, but I was incapable of action. It was like this every time, and it almost seemed my anger had become worse over the years instead of better, as I knew my adoptive mother had hoped that it would. It may be a small thing or a grand thing that triggers it, but once there I would lose control so quickly I had often acted before I had considered what the action meant. Such as randomly choosing a wife out of a group of handmaids sitting in a row. I shoved myself up and out of the sand and began to stalk off the field. I could hear the applause and the condemnation as I walked out of the area – trying to be as quick as possible before I broke down completely. Though most in the kingdom knew of my wrath, it would not be best to have such a large number of them witness it. I was not too far gone to remember my place, though it was a close call. I shoved at Michael as he tried to assist me. He, at least, should have known better. He was still young but would eventually be an excellent page and had potential to join my army when he matured. Still, he seemed to still have trouble understanding when to back down. I screamed at him to get out of my way and stomped off the arena grounds and through the archway towards the gardens and stables. There was a stone bench off to the side, and I marched over there and threw my helm at the wall beside it. It clanged off the edge and dropped to the seat of the bench, and I dropped myself down next to it. My sword dug painfully into my leg, so I had to struggle to stand up again in my armor, pull the blasted thing out of its scabbard, and drop it to the side as well. My arm and hand ached, but it was not the injury that angered me but the knight who had managed to inflict it. Sir Riley. A knight in name only, for his actions were in no way bound by the laws of chivalry. I was by no means a perfect man, but he was without character. If he was not of noble blood, his insults and actions would have caused his death long ago – if not by my hand, then by another's. To be bested by him in a joust… And in front of my new wife. Darkness overwhelmed me again, and muffled cries burned into my ears. I could still feel my body, and on some level I knew I was in Whitlock's lands just outside his arena, but deeper inside my head I was inside the carriage bench – impotent and useless. I knew I was shaking and my body was rocking back and forth where I sat, but I was unable to open my eyes. My throat clenched down, and I felt as though I could not breathe, even when I could feel the air rushing into my chest in heavy pants. I dropped my head into my hands, with my elbows resting on my thighs while I tried to push the memories from my head, even though I knew it never worked. I tried grabbing onto my hair and pulling at it, as if I could physically remove the thoughts from my head. Pain shot up my left arm, and I grimaced as I held it out from my body. I tried flexing my fingers a bit, but it still hurt. Unfortunately, it didn't hurt enough to keep the sounds out of my head. " Edward! Edward! No! No, please no!" " Silence!" The voice was all too familiar…my friend…my mentor… I heard a branch snap, but this sound did not come from my memories. I looked up quickly, ready to tear into whomever dared to draw near me at this time. God in Heaven…no. My wife approached. My beautiful, innocent wife. Every time I looked at her, I wanted to drop to my knees. I wanted to worship every inch of her body with my hands and my mouth. I wanted to hold her against me and give her anything and everything she could possibly desire. I wanted to run my hands through her thick, lustrous hair and taste the skin of her neck. She had exceeded every expectation I may have had for a wife and brought along with her traits I had not even considered long enough to desire. I had already come to want her at my side at all times, and not just in my bed at night. I wanted to be near her – to hear her laugh and speak my name – nearly every waking moment of the day. But not now. At this moment, the danger to her was far too great, my anger too unmanageable. I could only barely focus enough to understand where I was and who was approaching me. Had it been anyone else – anyone – and I may not have even bothered to give warning before an attack. "Get away from me!" I screamed at her…my Isabella…my beautiful wife...and it pained my heart to speak to her in such a way. But if she did not get away from me and quickly, I did not know what I might have done. The thought was enough to bring me just a little further away from the dark, enclosed space in my head. "I wanted to make sure you are all right," she said quietly as she continued to walk closer to me. I most certainly was not, but there was nothing she would be able to do to change that. I just needed to keep her safe – protect her, as I said I would – even if it was from myself. I knew she did not understand, though she might already know me better than those who have been in my presence for years instead of days, she could not understand the state I was in. I did not understand it myself. Those who knew me best knew to stay away. All others had felt my wrath. Not all of those had survived. "I said GET AWAY!" I felt myself rise from the bench and take a step towards her. My hands balled into fists, and a combination of the pain in my injured limb and the look in Isabella's eyes held me back. My muscles strained – wanting the fight I could not have as I lay crushed inside a small wooden bench while my parents were slaughtered – and tried to get to anyone…anything…I could possibly grab and destroy. My mind screamed not to do her harm, but my body did not wish to comply. This fury that would overtake me at times was beyond my control, and I was terrified for her. If I hurt her…even if I could earn her forgiveness, I would never pardon myself. I remembered her eyes back in our rooms at Forks – the terror expressed in them when she thought I would hurt her – and the memory reined me in, if only somewhat. "Give me your hand," she said softly and calmly, as if she was completely ignorant of the madman in her midst. My teeth clenched, and I wanted to scream at her again – maybe even frightening her enough to cause her to run. It would have been better than some of the alternatives. "You need to leave," I told her, silently begging her to believe me and get herself to safety. "Now." "I am not leaving until you let me look at it!" Her words seemed to belt me across the face – each one another blow to my skin. I was completely taken aback by her outburst and tone, for I had never heard her raise her voice in such a way before. Always when she had spoken to me – even when I was at my worst and deserving of her wrath – her voice had been soft and demure. It was never sharp or forceful. "Please." Her soft voice floated on the air between us as she walked slowly closer to me, either ignoring the obvious danger or oblivious to it. "Let me make sure you are all right." I stared at her a moment as my mind reeled and tried to reconcile my apparently diffident wife with the stubborn woman in front of me, ignoring her own safety to verify my injuries were not grave. I was going to have to convince her I was fine or she was not going to leave me be. I snarled under my breath and dropped back down on the bench with a loud clang. I ran my hand through my damped hair again and growled at her in an attempt to persuade her to go. "It is nothing. It is not even my sword arm. Go back to the stands – I do not wish to speak with you or anyone else!" Paying my words no heed, she came to stand beside me for a moment before dropping to her knees on the dirty ground. Her beautiful dress splayed out around her, undoubtedly getting covered in mud. My mind flashed to women of the court I had known, and I wondered if any of them could have found any reason valid enough to cause them to smudge their dainty clothing. As she dropped to the ground she reached for my injured hand. I pulled back instinctively, but she did not back down. Eventually I let her take it, trying not to flinch too much as her adept fingers examined my bruised skin. Her touch felt so…strange to me. As her fingers glided over my fingers and wrist, everything else in my head slowly faded away until all I seemed able to experience was the feeling of her skin on mine. The darkness gave way, and the tight feeling in my chest released. I even felt my body sink slowly down against the cool stone bench as my muscles relaxed and let loose. "Are you able to make your hand into a fist?" she inquired. "What difference does it make?" I hoped she did not think I would strike her now. Even before – at the climax of my rage – I didn't truly think I