The 41 st Hunger Games: Beetee's Story Victory does not always go the strongest … [Author's Note: This story deals with the Hunger Games won by Beetee Latier, who later appears in Catching Fire and Mockingjay.] Part I The doors of the tube slid apart and a klaxon sounded. Beetee looked around. Fifty metres away was the Cornucopia. Most of the Tributes were running towards it, with Trask, a One, in the lead. Beetee jumped off the platform and ran. Not for the Cornucopia – he knew he would have no chance of reaching it before the others, most of whom were much faster, fitter and stronger, than he – but in the opposite direction, towards the treeline. He was ten metres away from it when he heard the first cannon shot; someone was dead. He gave a grim smile. So at least he wasn't the first to go. After the Reaping, someone had said to him that if was not one of the first five to die, it would be a victory. Sort of. Better than anyone from District 3 had done before. He was panting when he reached the trees, but he kept on going, doing his best to get over the fallen tree trunks and boulders. He did not know if any of the others had seen which way he had gone. He assumed that most would have been focused on the desperate sprint for the weapons and supplies of the Cornucopia, but just in case someone had glanced his way, he changed direction. There was a cannon shot, followed by another. In the distance, kilometres away, he could see the Escarpment, the southern boundary of the Arena. His mentor, Argyle, had told him that no-one ever went there, as there were no water sources and the territory was difficult. Should I head that way, Beetee had asked. Argyle had just shrugged. The other Tributes might take longer to find you there, he had said, but you'll probably die from dehydration and exposure. To tell the truth, Argyle had not been much of a mentor, and he was the first to admit it. He had never been a participant in any of the Hunger Games; his knowledge, such as it was, was purely theoretical. The bottom line was that District 3 had no past victors. The expertise of the people was technology. They were good at making televisions and electrical equipment, which was then shipped to the Capital. They were not much in the muscle department. And even by the standards of District 3, Beetee was considered on the weak side. So after his name had been announced, people did not look him in the eye. He was already dead. He slowed his pace to a walk, trying to conserve energy and not waste precious moisture through sweat. The Escarpment seemed a bit closer. He had no idea what he would do when he got there. It was a landmark, something to head towards, so he didn't get lost in the forest and start walking in circles. He had heard of Tributes in past Games that had ended up doing that. The organisers in the Capital didn't like it, apparently: not good television, and when people were lost they were difficult to follow on camera. There was another two cannon shots. So that made five down. He wondered if Serena was still alive. Probably. Most likely, she had already built an alliance with one or more of the male Tributes from District One or Two, or somewhere else. Well, good luck to her. He kept walking. The Release had been at noon. He looked up at the sun. Some people could tell the time from the position of it; he was not one of them. Nevertheless, he reckoned that it must be after four o'clock. It would get dark in a few hours. And cold. He wondered if he should try and find a stick, something that he could use as a spear or a club. Utterly pointless , he thought. He would have no idea how to use it, and the other Tributes would probably have weapons from the Cornucopia. Better not having the extra weight to carry. It would be getting dark within a few hours. Focus , he told himself. You've made it through the first period. Maybe you can make it through the first day. That would be an achievement. He sat down on a fallen tree trunk to think. Survival. Break it down. Consider it as if you were building a machine. He had, in fact, built a television once, from the scraps and discards of the factory where he had had his first job, on the assembly line. Put it together, a bit at a time. He had wanted to build it for his family. With a strong enough antenna, he thought, they could receive programs broadcast in the Capital. That was the thing with electronic waves: they went everywhere. His parents had been amazed. And proud. And then they had told him he had to destroy it. It's illegal for anyone outside the Capital to have a television, they had said. There are only the few big public screens that the Capital controls. So he had dismantled it. But his father must have said something to the factory controller, because soon after Beetee was transferred to Special Equipment Manufacturing. That was where video cameras and things like that were made. It meant a bit more money, and the work was more interesting. He pushed the thought of home away. He would never see it again. Better to not think about it. Better to concentrate on lasting through the night. What did he most need? Shelter. And water. Then food. He looked around. This looked like it was an old part of the forest. There were fallen trees everywhere, many of them a bit off the ground, where they had fallen onto something else. He began to search, and eventually found what he was looking for: a tree trunk with a hollow beneath it. He scraped away the loose earth with a stick until it was big enough for him to lie in. Not much, but it would keep the dew off. Dew. Now there was a thought. If it was going to be a cold night, that would mean dew. Water. In the distance, there was the sound of a cannon shot. Huh. So he had lasted longer than anyone else from District 3. So maybe one of the commentators was making a joke about that. And wondering, looking at the signal from the bracelet attached to Beetee's wrist, why he had chosen such an inhospitable part of the Arena. Hmm. Yes, he might be on a television screen right now. He knew there were cameras all through the Arena, thousands and thousands of them. There might even be some that he had made himself. He tried to think about the videos of past Games that he had watched in training. Most of the cameras seemed to be high up, in trees. They were mounted on little platforms and could be moved to point in various directions by remote operators, in the studio in the Capital. He began a search, using his hollow as a starting point and moving outwards in a spiral. For the moment, he was not overly concerned about the other Tributes. Usually, the toughest ones formed into a group and hunted down the second-order players. He was lucky; he would be very low down on their list of competitors. They would consider him an easy-beat, someone to find and pick off at their leisure. That gave him some time. Eventually, he saw a camera, perched in the crook of a tree. But there was something odd about it. It looked as if it had not moved for a while. Then he realised: it was broken. Well, he mused, that was the nature of machines: eventually, they fail. And no-one had worried about fixing it, since no players ever came to this section of the Arena. With an effort, he climbed the tree and took a closer look at the camera. Yes, it was inoperative. He found the wires that connected it to the node; they were artfully painted to blend in with the colour of the tree. He needed something to unscrew the camera and its platform from the tree. He tore a button from his Tribute uniform and started work. It wasn't easy, but after an hour's effort he had managed to dislodge the camera, its platform, and the wires. He pulled the wires off the tree; they went into the ground, and when he pulled he found that they were only a dozen centimetres under the soil. He continued to follow the wires, pulling them up, and eventually reached the node: the unit that provided power to the camera and received its transmissions, had it been working. It was hidden in a hollowed-out tree stump. Other wires led away from the node, presumably to more cameras. Carefully, he detached the wires of the broken camera from the node. So now he had about fifty metres of wire. Could be useful. He returned to his tree and began to dismantle the camera. The external housing, once removed, was about the size of a bowl, although rectangular. There was another strip of metal with a narrow end, which would make a better screwdriver than the button. He began to bend and twist the other end of the strip, until it broke, leaving a jagged edge. It was sharp enough so he could use it to cut and splice the wire. The sky was beginning to darken. Several kilometres away, a glow suddenly appeared. It was the Cornucopia. It was, he remembered, lit by floodlights at night; there must be some sort of monitor that turned them on when the light faded to a particular level. He took note of the location. In the dusk, he gathered a dozen of the broadest, smoothest leaves he could find, using some of the wire to shape them into funnels. He attached them in a series to the upper side of the tree that was his shelter, sloping downwards, pointing towards the housing on the ground. Like putting together the switches in a television, one leading to another leading to another leading to a collector unit, he thought. A cannon shot, and then, a few seconds later, another. He shivered, and it was not due to the gathering cold. He crawled into the hollow. This is probably going to be your last night alive , he told himself. Let's hope the end, when it comes, will be quick. Let's hope it's not Trask. There was another series of cannon shots. He closed his eyes. It had been at the television studio where all the Tributes had been interviewed by the star of the moment, Jerome a'la Sinclair. Beetee had been standing on the side of the stage, out of camera range, as Serena was interviewed. "Well, I must say," a'la Sinclair was saying, "that you are certainly one of the best-looking Tributes I have ever had the pleasure of interviewing. You almost make me want to switch to girls!" Everybody laughed as a'la Sinclair wiggled his eyebrows at the audience. Serena laughed as well, and said: "It wouldn't be the first time I've had that effect, Jerome!" As she laughed, her ample breasts, hardly covered by her gown, rocked back and forth. A'la Sinclair wiggled his eyebrows again, and made a show of mopping his brow. "But we are here to talk about the 41st Hunger Games," he said. "Tell me, Serena, as a representative of District 3, what is your strategy?" "My strategy," said Serena, "is to make the best use of the talents I have." "Ah," said a'la Sinclair. "And just what talents would those be?" "Oh, I can't tell you that!" said Serena. "After all, this is