Okay. You clicked. You're here. Let's get the show on the road, then. It was eleven AM on a Saturday and I was sitting at the desk, spreading a disappointing Vegemite substitute across an equally disappointing piece of gluten free toast. The only thing that wasn't innately disappointing was that I'd made a very good cup of tea. It was still steaming in my giant, garish mug and I was counting on it to make this breakfast worth getting up for. That was when everything began to tremble, a fine juddering shudder that got bigger and bigger. My knife fell from the table. I snatched up my mug and, clutching it, looked wildly around. What was it you were supposed to do in an earthquake? Was it to get clear of things? Or hide under something? Under, I thought, in case something fell on you, and dived underneath the desk. The shaking just got worse. I saw my disappointing breakfast fling itself past my ear and dive, Vegemite substitute-side down, for the floor. The plate followed, and ceramic shattered. Something else broke. A bottle of gin committed a suicidal leap from the top of my refrigerator. I trembled. Everything went white. I woke up. From the dull ache all over my body and the pounding in my head, that was definitely my first mistake. "...thhhquake?" I muttered, squinting at - Nothing, actually. Everything was a blur. Where the hell were my glasses? "Oh, good, she's waking up," said a voice. Some kind of English accent. Received pronunciation, or as close to it as I could tell. Huh. I rolled - and almost fell off - a couch? A chaise? But somebody caught me by the shoulder, and I blinked up at him. I had a fuzzy impression of a pale face and blond hair, dark shadows where eyes would probably be when I found my glasses. I blinked at the room, but all I could really see where blurry shapes and colours - cream and green, mostly, with light gleaming from metal here and there. I sat up, feeling very queer indeed: my skin felt like it was burning up, and everything felt slightly wrong, a little too big or too small or - nothing was quite right. Was I injured? I - "Her eyes aren't focusing," said that same voice, sounding suddenly very alarmed. "What's wrong with her?" "Calm down," murmured another voice, which sounded a lot less strained. "She's confused. She's probably had quite a rough journey." Whoever these people were, they'd probably saved me from an earthquake. "Sorry," I said, laying a hand over my eyes. "Did you see where my glasses went?" "Where your-" a pause. " Muto lux ," said that second voice, and things... cleared. Not perfectly, rather like I was wearing somebody else's glasses - somebody close to my own prescription. I blinked. Again. "What was that?" I asked, bringing my hands to my - Holy shit, my hands were the wrong size. I was the wrong size. My heart rate sped wildly. It didn't feel like a dream. I didn't feel pain in dreams, and everything was still aching. I clenched my fingers, let them curl in upon my hands, and these strange small hands obeyed just as they should. I flinched. I swallowed. Psychotic episode? Drugs? "Where am I?" I asked, flat and wary, and looked up at the men looming over me. The blond man was actually startlingly attractive: fit and big through the shoulders with an angular face and straight posture. There were distinct traces of hauteur in his expression, but mostly he just looked worried. "You're in my home," he informed me. I frowned. That... did not actually help me at all. "All right. Where's your home in relation to my home?" He blinked. "My home is-" "Miss Malfoy," interrupted the other man, a tall and pale person. Weak jaw, very blue eyes and a head of dark curls. "Do excuse me, but -" "Sorry," I said. Miss Malfoy ? "What?" "Yes," he said, frowning. "I did think that would be the case." Awkwardly, he came closer and dropped down to his knees by the chaise lounge I was sitting on, which... put him at my eye level. Okay, apparently I was short. "Look, I'm sorry," I said again, "Something's really wrong with me and I need to go home. Or - get to a hospital or something. I'm sorry, I have to go." I got up, slithering from the lounge. He caught my arm. His grip was strong. I was tiny . My heart rate skyrocketed. "Let go of me," I said, feeling the thread of anxiety in my own voice. He didn't move. "Miss Malfoy-" That stupid name again. " Let go of me ." My voice rose, strained. I hated sounding frightened when I wanted to sound angry. I pulled. He held. Panic rose. "Let her go," snapped the blond man. "You're upsetting her." And he released me. I held my arm to myself and stared at him. His expression was hard to judge: tight jaw, pursed lips. Narrowed eyes. I hunched. "Please sit back down, child," said the other one, the blond one with the pretty features. Child , pfft. I thought he probably wasn't that much older than me - what, ten years? Maximum? - but I complied carefully. I took a slow breath and exhaled it, emphasis on the outwards breath. I hadn't had a bad panic attack in weeks. Now was a stupid time to break that streak. It'd be - - but there was something wrong with me. I had no idea where I was. These strange men were bigger than me and they were keeping me from getting to help. I was going- Breathe. Breathe out. Okay. I was breathing. Breathing was good. My skin prickled, hot or cold, I couldn't tell. My stomach rolled violently. My chest hurt and my hands shook. I couldn't... I took another deep breath, out, out, out, I could do this, I wasn't dying. I could figure something out, we'd deal with it, it would be - How could it possibly be okay . I squeezed my eyes shut. Breathing. Breathing, come on. I thought of sensation, feelings of the moment: the couch I was sitting on, the drape of my enormous tee shirt over my neck and shoulders, my hair curled over my ears, my nails digging into my hands. I was barefoot, my feet were cold. I was breathing. Breathing was good. I swallowed. Then I realised they'd been talking. "Sorry," I said. "Could you repeat all that?" The man who'd grabbed my arm made a clicking sound with his tongue. "I understand this is confusing for you, but do try to listen," he said, and I wondered if I'd get hurt if I punched his condescending face. "When you were born, the war was at its height-" What war ? I wondered. "-and you were moved through realities to somewhere safer. Somewhere where magic does not exist. Your parents have only just been able to summon you back." I blinked. That was... not what I'd been expecting to hear. "What?" I said stupidly. "You mean 'excuse me', not 'what'," corrected the blond man, as though he couldn't quite help himself. "What is that infernal accent?" "I'm sorry, where are we? Is this some kind of..." I paused. "Anyway, none of that would explain why I'm so small." They both blinked at me. "Small?" repeated the blond man. "Are... people bigger, in the reality to which you were moved?" his brow furrowed. He gave the other one an unhappy look. "Do you know anything about the place you moved her to?" He shrugged. "I switched her for an infant in a hospital there. Private hospital, of course. There is no magic there, and thus: no war. I did take pains to make sure her family was well off. Two parents, well paid, a sister, that sort of thing." "Muggles, Marlow. You left her with muggles," muttered the other one, looking very, very discontent. "There's no other kind, there." Muggles ? I thought. Then, bewildered: is this some Harry Potter themed practical joke? Because it's not very bloody practical. "We're in Wiltshire, child." "In South England?" I said numbly. "South West," he corrected with a sniff. "I'm from Melbourne." I looked up at him. "Um, is this all some sort of... joke?" "Melbourne - Derbyshire?" " Australia. " A pause. "Oh." The other man - Marlow, he'd been called, took a deep breath. Then he held out one hand and made a glowing ball of light out of nothing . "This is not a joke, Miss Malfoy." Wait. That's... what they'd been calling me. I licked my lips. That was. I paused. "My name's not Malfoy," I said slowly and carefully, but I still reached out with my too-small hand and put my fingers in the light. It was strangely warm. Not burning, but... warm. Cozy. I withdrew my fingers and rubbed them together. "Yes," said the other man. "It is." "...what." Marlow cleared his throat. "As I said, Miss -" he paused. "Your first name, if you would." I told him, and he paused. He tried to repeat it but the sounds came out ugly and elongated in his accent. The awkward way he pronounced it made me think of a Goondiwindi farmhand. He'd probably be offended by that, but then, so would the farmhand. "Yes, more or less," I said. Marlow looked briefly bemused. "How terribly ...continental." Then: "As I explained previously: you are originally from this reality. We moved you to keep you safe. Interdimensional magic is... something of a speciality," he said, preening a little. I eyed him. I was sure that sounded much more impressive to somebody who had the faintest clue as to what it meant. I glanced back at the ball of light resting in his hand. "...Are you sure you have the right person?" He frowned. "Quite sure, Miss - Miss Malfoy ." And now we were back to that name. Riiiight. "I placed the mark on you myself twelve years ago," he added, and gestured at my foot. I blinked at it. There was a glowing... symbol, or sigil, or something on it. I couldn't feel it at all, but it sure was lighting up my skin. I blinked again, slowly. "So... you took a baby, put a glowing tattoo on its foot and sent it to another world for-" I paused. "Sorry, did you say twelve years?" "Give or take a few months, yes," said Marlow, looking very satisfied. He didn't seem to think there was anything unusual or weird about what I'd just repeated to him. "I'm twenty six," I pointed out. The blond twitched. "Excuse me?" "Ah," said Marlow. "Well, er, yes. That can happen." He cleared his throat. "Not to worry, though. Sometimes these time lines don't quite match up. See, here, it's nineteen ninety-one, and -" "I was two in nineteen ninety-one," I pointed out. "Look, Miss Malfoy. Listen: I don't have time to explain interdimensional travel to you right now. It's complicated. But time and aging is quite different between time lines. There, perhaps you were twenty six; here, you are twelve." "Okay," I said finally. "That's great. How do I get back?" Alarmed looks crossed both of their faces. " Go back ?" blurted the blond man. "With the muggles ?" I looked sideways at him and then, of course, it hit me. Of course I knew who this was. Lucius bloody Malfoy. I stared. ...He was prettier in real life. Or - just more charismatic, perhaps. Something less about his look and more in his manners and expression. And, apparently, he was also my father . Weird. I rubbed my hands through my hair. "Well, yeah. If I stay here, how is my housemate going to make rent?" There was also a book I was