Title: Somewhere I Belong Author: Tiny Q E-Mail: one_legged_lesbain_seagull at hotmail dot com A/N: No, your eyes are not deceiving you: this is a new Tiny Q fanfic. I know, I don't believe it either, but it's here, it's novel length, and it's mostly done. I blame going back to school; and the fact that editing your own work sucks; and a bout of depression that was so bad that I couldn't read anything for almost two years until I rediscovered D/G fanfiction. But all of that's neither here nor there because now I have a novel length fic to share with you! :D The rating is for language, suggested violence, and a bit of terrorism. The full version has some smut in it, but as per ffnet's regulations, it will not be included in this version. However, I will also be posting it on the Fire and Ice Archive (where there are hundreds of lovely D/G stories), and you can find the full version there under the same pen name. And finally, I own nothing related to Harry Potter, and I don't find the plot terribly original. Orton, however, is based on my Charlie, and while I can't claim to own him (he's his own cat, after all), I did put him in the story. But enough blather from me, please enjoy! Somewhere I Belong Chapter 1 Bad Blood -o- "I'm fine, really," Ginny Weasley complained over the howling wind as she was loaded onto a stretcher and strapped down for her safety—or rather, the safety of those trying to restrain her. She was soaked through, along with everyone else, and she found that laying still in one place was only making her feel wetter. "I didn't get hit that hard!" She tried to wave them away with her hand, but one of the men grabbed her arm and held it down by her side, securing a strap over her chest. She winced as he tightened it; the pain patches, which she was very accustomed to after years of accidents, only worked so well. Ginny glared up at him, noting that his name tag labelled him as Jonathan. Well, Jonathan was now on her Strongly Dislike list. "Miss Weasley," Jonathan began, looking harassed. "You have at least three bones sticking out of your arm, and your side's a mess. You're not fine, and we need to get you to Emergency." "Do as they say, Weasley," her coach, Gwenog Jones, said, pulling at her greying hair which was a wet mess around her face. "I need you back in flying form as soon as possible." She glanced up at Sally Smith, Ginny's replacement, who was flying a little wobbly against the strong wind and rain. "You're the best Chaser I've got." "Alright, Coach," Ginny said, sighing in defeat. "Sorry for the hit." "Don't be silly, Weasley," Jones said, scowling at her. "The whistle had been blown. We—" The crowd cheered and Ginny slouched down against the stretcher. She knew they were going to lose without her, and Jones' face reflected that sentiment. "Get me out of here then," Ginny told the EMTs dejectedly. "Oh? Are we allowed to now?" the one near her head asked. This one was Stewart. "Oi," Ginny said, wincing as they picked up the stretcher, setting it up onto its rolling legs, and pulled their wands. "I just want to do my job." "So do we," Jonathan replied tersely. And with that, they Disapparated with her in tow to St Mungo's Emergency Room. As they popped back into existence Ginny groaned as the lights above her stabbed at her eyes. They were surprisingly bright after the greyed evening she had been playing in. Without preamble, the EMTs wheeled her out of the Apparation Room and towards the Receiving Area. She blinked her eyes several times, trying to adjust to the brightness, scowling slightly as she realized that Stewart had a very smug look on his face. She opened her mouth to tell him off but slammed it shut as a staff member approached them. "What have we got here?" an unwelcomely familiar voice asked near her feet. Of course, she had to get bludgeoned when he was on duty. She always did. In fact, this was four for four. She either had really rotten luck, or he didn't have much of a life. "Ah, Weasley, always a pleasure. Forget to keep your eyes open again?" "It's pouring cats and dogs out there, Malfoy," Ginny snarled. "And the whistle had been blown." "Excuses, excuses," he replied pleasantly. She glared at him. If anyone had suspected this was where Draco Malfoy would have ended up they surely had kept that bit of insanity to themselves—especially after he had disappeared off the face of the Earth once he had been acquitted by the Wizengamot. However, not five years ago he had been hired on as a Trauma Healer and had been working in St Mungos' new ER ever since. It surprised everyone, not only with his career choice or how seriously he took it but by how good he was at it. Even Ginny would grudgingly admit it. And she wasn't the only one who could attest to it, as he had helped more than just her over the past few years. When Harry had gotten caught in a Dark Rising ambush and everyone had been sure that they were going to lose him, Malfoy had spent hours in the OR and saved him. He had also saved Ron. Twice. To say that Ron was nearly apoplectic about it was an understatement, but, as Malfoy had reassured him, they were even now. "Hit to the back of her right upper arm with a Bludger," Stewart told him as they all moved through the ER to an empty space. "It knocked her off her broom and she fell about fifty feet before she hit the Fall Barrier, and landed on her right side." "Why did you have to go and fall on it as well, Weasley?" Malfoy asked, glancing over at her and smirking. "Trying to make sure I have my work cut out for me?" "Why else would I?" she snapped, rolling her eyes, then glared at Jonathan, who had opened his mouth, a scowl on his face. He shut it, and Stewart continued his summary of events. "On her right, her humerus has three compound fractures and there is possible shoulder damage, with a few broken ribs and what looks like internal bleeding." Stewart scowled at her. "But she was being difficult, so we couldn't confirm." "Sounds about right," Malfoy told the EMT, absently signing the clipboard the other one handed to him. "Don't take it personally. She's the worst patient I've ever had." Stewart snorted, then without a glance her way, the two of them made themselves scarce. Good riddance, she thought. Bedside manner? What bedside manner? A handful of nurses moved in to take their place, and Ginny hoped that they would prove better. "I thought I told you not to fall off your broom anymore, Weasley," Malfoy drawled, drawing her attention back to him. She looked up and scowled at the amusement that was shining through his otherwise neutral expression. Not for the first time, she realized that if it wasn't for that damned expression (the one that seemed like he was always amused by her suffering) he might have passed for handsome. The bone structure of his face was finely sculpted and aristocratic, his skin smooth and pale, and his silver-blonde hair, which he always parted to the side, skimmed along the top of his ears and fell into his eyes in a roguish fashion. The expression tainted it all, however, and Ginny supposed it was for the best, considering who he was. "Right," she hissed, trying to distract herself. "Like I was flying about and thought gee, you know what, getting hit by a Bludger and falling off my broom sounds like a real treat." "We both know you just wanted an excuse to see me again," he said, smirking at her once more as he waved his wand causing the straps that the EMTs had employed fly off of her. "As if," she snapped, shifting slightly in her newly found freedom. "A less painful way would have been for me to just tell Luna I'd lost my mind and had her invite us both over for tea at the same time." "Ah," he said, nodding his head, the smirk becoming slightly lecherous. "But then you wouldn't have an excuse for me to touch you." "Sod off!" Ginny exclaimed, scowling and struggling to sit up. She didn't have to deal with this right now. She didn't care who he was friends with or what his bloody job was. Luna could scold her all she wanted about how she had upset her friend, but for the moment she didn't care. Malfoy's large, surprisingly warm hand was on her uninjured shoulder in an instant, pushing her back down with surprising gentleness. "Now, now, Weasley," he chided her, his grey eyes flicking from her face to her shoulder, not showing any sign of worry; there was only continued amusement, though the smirk was gone. "You know the rules. Play nice." "Ugh, whatever," she hissed, flopping back on the bed as nurses came in with a few carts. Everyone was suddenly moving around her, pulling items, reading information off her chart, all while Malfoy began to wave his wand over her, sending runes up into the air. She watched them all wearily, wanting them to hurry up and be done with it so that she could get back to her game. Then one of the nurses came at her jersey with a pair of scissors. "Don't cut it!" she yelped before the nurse could start. "It's my lucky jersey!" The nurse looked at Malfoy, who just rolled his eyes, the runes fading away as he redirected his wand at her top. "You're ridiculous, Weasley," he told her, not for the first time, vanishing the jersey and making it reappear at the foot of her bed. "Are you wearing your lucky brassier as—" His eyes widened as they fell on her side. "Contact the OR," he snapped at one of the nurses. "Now!" "What's wrong?" Ginny asked, feeling alarmed for the first time. Malfoy had never lost his cool like this before. "You're a mess, Weasley, that's what's wrong," Malfoy said, looking down on her side as the nurses scurried around them. He called something else to them, his warm hands gently pressing into her side. The pain patch was either wearing off or that really hurt. His eyes locked with hers, concern etched deep within them and it sent a shiver down her spine. "But don't worry, I'll get you sorted." "You always do," she replied as confidently as she could, feeling panic try to grip her heart. A nurse waved her wand over her head and she felt herself slip from consciousness, Malfoy's eyes the last thing that she saw. -o- When Ginny next opened her eyes she was forced to slam them shut again groaning, the light in the room bright against her eyes. A moment later she realized that her body was aching something awful, and she gritted her teeth. Merlin, it even hurt to breathe. "Ah, welcome back to the world of the living, Weasley," a voice drawled. The lights dimmed and she finally managed to open her eyes and look around. She was in a hospital suite, propped up on a bed in the centre of the small room. Malfoy was by the door, looking as though he had been about to leave, but he turned towards her and closed the door behind himself. "Aren't you supposed to make the pain go away?" she grumbled at him as he approached the bed, wand out. "It was much worse," he said, his expression completely neutral. It startled her how different it was from