IN THE GOLDEN WOOD He was running. And fast. Sweat dropped from his brows onto the muddy ground. Tall trees with a golden haze upon the top grew about him. There were cries behind from which he ran. He was pursued by orcs, the fell creatures bound to Sauron, the Dark Lord, who had arisen again. With a sword in his hand and ragged grey cloak covering him, torn at a few places revealing his ghastly wounds, he ran as fast he could. His breath now came in gasps. He was weary. He had already run a few leagues with the orcs heavy in pursuit. He fell to the ground, almost unconscious. His eyes left hope, knowing he would die now. He was the last of the line. If he died the royal line Elrond so wanted to preserve would end. He had failed his people. He had failed everyone who counted on him. Hope he was called. Hope had failed. He was almost in tears and in those lingering moments, images passed before his mind, of his mother, of Lord Elrond and his twin sons and lastly of Arwen Evenstar. The beauty of Arwen and his love for her undimmed yet brought hope to his eyes and with slight dizziness, he looked up and behind. The orcs were near and in sight, jeering at their fallen enemy. All hope left him then, seeing death in their drawn blades. He cursed and slowly raised his sword. He tried to get up but weariness dragged him back onto the ground. The orcs jeered again and came running towards him ready to hack him into pieces but as they neared him, he saw several orcs fall. Golden arrows with feathered shafts had pierced them. He laughed yet no sound came out of him. He looked up into the narrow openings which opened up between the trees. A golden haze there was. Lothlorien! The Golden Wood! He thanked the Valar. The elves were far south and he had reached their southern borders in time. Hope came to him fresh and that brought him strength. He forgot his weariness and standing on his feet, still wavering, he held his sword high. With a smile which sent chills down the spines of his enemies, he cried, "Death!" and started hewing down any who came within the strike of his sword. The battle was soon over and having seen his last enemy fall, he fell down upon his knees, having expended his last strength. His back was caught by an elf, golden haired and tall. "He is still breathing and wounded. Get me the salves. Quick!" he said, his voice fair and sympathetic. Two days later he woke up to find his wounds bandaged by white cloth. He was in a green tent upon the ground. Two elves were standing guard beside. He stirred as he awoke and moaned as he moved. The wounds still pained. One of the elves noticed his movements and ran off. His breathing was back to normal and for once he had thought he was dead. He had been saved but to what end? He knew not. The elf who had run off came back fetching the same golden haired elf who had shouted for the salves. "How are you feeling?" he asked. He grunted. He knew not how he was feeling. His head was still heavy and his wounds still ached, not much but little. He arose to face the elf. "Better." It was all he could manage. The elf nodded. "Mortal you are and deadly for you is to venture into the Hidden Realm. Do you know where you have come?" "The Golden Wood" he answered. "Yes. Lothlorien is its name. You have come hither but you are not going back. Much good did it do you leading those orcs hither. Your wounds were fatal and it was folly standing upto those foul vermin, expending what little strength you had. You were near death but we brought you back. You owe us but whether you will be allowed to go in peace, I cannot say, for no mortal may cross the Hidden Realm who is not bidden by the White Lady. Now tell me, who are you? For by your name and any titles you may own, I shall judge what to do with you." "I am Estel." He said. "Estel? You are a man yet with an elvish name. Strange does it seem to me. I am Haldir, marchwarden of Lothlorien. Are you elf-friend?" He nodded. "I have been friends with the elves, if that is what you mean." The two elves standing behind Haldir laughed. Haldir scowled. "Silence!" The two elves raised their brows and went back to their guard. "Estel is an elven word spoken by those of the West. It seems to me by the light in you that you have been raised among the kin who still dwell on the other side of the Misty Mountains. But be that as it may be, you still are a mortal and may not pass our land." Estel grunted. "Haldir, if I may so call you, the Enemy is behind me. I have traveled much distant. I am also called Thorongil if that name means anything to you. You must let me pass the land. I am on my way to Rivendell where my mother dwells. I must look upon her." "Your mother is in Rivendell, you say? High must you be in favor of the lords of Imladris. If you are true in saying who you are, then the White Lady may grant you entry. It is not upto me to judge whether you shall pass this land. The Lord and the Lady must be apprised." Saying, he left the tent. In the great city of Caras Galadhon, upon a silver throne sat Celeborn and beside him on his left sat a tall white lady. Fair was she to look upon and in her eyes were memories of the past undimmed. Silwin stood before the Lord and the Lady. Opposite to where Silwin stood sat upon a white chair, Arwen Undomiel. Silwin spoke, "My lord and lady, we have been having a peaceful time upon our northern borders. Dol Goldur is quiet and even so the Mountains westward. I do not know what portends but I know a long spell of silence is never good. To the south, men cheer for they say a Captain from the North delivered them from the menace of Umbar. Thorongil he was called. Great captain of men, I think he is." Galadriel smiled. She already knew who Thorongil was. "Any news of this Captain of men you speak of?" "No, my lady. It is said he disappeared eastward during the victory lap." Arwen raised her eyes. Galadriel smiled. "Indeed." Celeborn rose. "If that is all my Council has to speak then we should end it. Go now and rest." When everyone had risen, Orophin marched into the court. After he had bowed, he spoke, "My Lord and Lady, two days back a mortal crossed into our lands…" The lords in the room started murmuring. Silwin's brows were raised in fury. Celeborn and Galadriel however remained silent. "How come this news reaches my ears after two days of delay?" asked Lord Celeborn. Orophin bowed and said, "Pardon us, my lord. I and Haldir had to learn of this man before we judged in fairness." "You know the rules very well, Orophin. No mortal crosses into our realm without our bidding and he has done so. The penalty is death." Orophin bowed. "Surely it is, my lord. But we did not lay a hand on him. He was badly wounded when he came, pursued by orcs." Celeborn was furious then. "For all we know, he might be a spy. Do you and your brother then choose to be relieved of your duties?" Orophin looked aghast and said, "We beg your pardon, my lord. We intended to take the decision today morn but this man spoke his name in the elven tongue. Estel he called himself." At this, Arwen looked up. She smiled and rose from her seat. "Then, Orophin, lead him hither. Why have you delayed? For know you all, Estel was raised by my father in Imladris and he has our favor. He is an elf-friend." She was about to continue when Silwin spoke, "Elf-friend or no, he still is a mortal. I would not have him here. He is a petty human." Arwen smiled. She knew of Silwin's hatred for all beings mortal. "He is no mere human. He is Aragorn, son of Arathorn, the heir of Isildur himself." Murmurs started spreading across the court. Arwen turned towards Orophin. "How fares he now?" "He is well, my lady." "Good. Then lead him to this city." Celeborn looked at Arwen and said, "Arwen, if he is who you say he is, even then I would not bend the rules we made for the safety of our people. I would not compromise the borders." Arwen had expected Lord Celeborn to support her but hearing his words, her heart almost failed. Galadriel looked at her and smiled. "Orophin, bring him hither for I much desire to speak with him." And then she turned toward Celeborn and the others and said, "Estel is the hope of our people for I foresee that we shall be delivered by this and this man alone. He has strived hard against the Enemy, trying to repair his forefather's faults." When she said this, her eyes had found Silwin. "It is for this goodness in his heart that for one time, a mortal shall be granted entry into our realm. I declare him elf-friend and he shall ever be welcome into Lothlorien." "But –" said Celeborn. "I bid you do not deny this man his reward. Grant him entry into this land and you shall not regret. Besides, we need to know all we can, for know you, my people, that this Estel is Thorongil." Silwin had his eyes bulged. He shook his head. "Thorongil or no, my lady, why does he command this respect?" Galadriel smiled. "Just moments before, you seemed intent on praising this son of men, even you have hated his kind. Now when you know he is Isildur's heir, you revert your judgment. Do not let your hatred cloud your mind. It would one day destroy you." Silwin lay quiet but Galadriel looked at him. She sighed. "Go, Orophin, bring him hither." Orophin bowed and left the court. Arwen smiled. The next evening, Aragorn was brought into the court of the Lord and Lady of Lothlorien. As he walked in his gray ragged clothes, he found quiet a number of eyes surveying him with curiosity. He found one pair however looking at him in disgust. That was Silwin. Upon the white dais sat Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel who he had heard so much of from Lord Elrond. He thanked his fate that he now saw them in person. He bowed in reverence. Galadriel rose from her seat and going down to Aragorn, raised him up. "Rise, son of Arathorn. Too long has it been and an age has passed since last a mortal crossed this land. Isildur I remember. And now you. Too much have I heard of you and much I desired to meet you but loathe was I to grant you the meeting before you have proven yourself to me and the world. By serving the realm of which you ought to be king to defend your people whom you love above all things dear, you have done so. Brave you are, son of Elendil and weary too after all your struggles in the south. You were wounded, the elves said. Though you have been healed of your wounds, your heart still is at unease. You must need some rest." Aragorn bowed again. Galadriel smiled and beckoned to him upon the dais.