The Lightning Thief Summary: Percy, Thalia, and Nico(and eventually other people) get zapped to the past to read the Percy Jackson and the Olympians and The Heroes of Olympus series. Sorry I suck at summaries there may be a bit of Percico not sure yet... I don't own the PJO series or the HoO The awesomely awesome Rick Roirdan does. Sorry for any mistakes and if the characters seem a little too OC. I'll try to make it funny but my sense of humour is messed up. Chapter 1 3rd person P.O.V. It was the winter solstice on Olympus with the gods usual bickering: "Mother Rhea always liked you best-" "Air disasters are better than sea disasters-" etc. When a blinding white light appeared and dropped a Demi-god from the roof and landed on the floor. The impact should have killed him, but he surprised the gods when tried to sit up, but just as he almost got up another Demi-god popped up and landed on top of the first. Just as Zeus was about to speak another Demi-god fell from the roof but she landed perfectly on her feet. Zeus's P.O.V. "Who are you and why did you interrupt the winter solstice?!" I yelled at the intruders purposely adding thunder to make it more intimidating. The first boy finally stood up. He had black hair that looked as if he had just gotten out of bed, sea green eyes, and was wearing a Camp-Half Blood t-shirt with some blue jeans. He stepped forward. "Didn't you summon us?" He asked his question directed towards all of us. Just as soon as the words left his mouth. The Fates appeared. This couldn't be good... "Hello Zeus. Olympians," They said bowing. "Sorry for the...inconvenience. We have brought these Demi-gods back from the future to read some books with you. You may not harm them. As you read on we will send some more of your children, but for now these are the first three. As I assume some of you guys will find their presence...startling or amusing. Maybe even a threat, but as we said earlier YOU. MAY. NOT. HARM. THEM." They said this emphasizing each word. What did they mean by threat? They then turned to the Demi-gods, "You will introduce yourselves except for you parents and titles. Just names." Then without another word they flashed out. I turned to them expectantly. The first boy was the first to speak again. "I'm Percy Jackson." He said smiling happily. The next was a girl. She had short spiky black hair and electrifying blue eyes. She wore a Hunter's outfit. She reminded me of Thalia. She stepped forward like the the one named Percy did. "Thalia Grace." She said smiling a tiny bit looking up at me. Thalia! But she couldn't be here! She's a tree. The others seemed to recognize her to. Hera wouldn't be to happy. She was never really fond of my mortal children. The others looked at me waiting for my reaction. I simply glared at them mentally yelling at them to stop. The last one stepped forward. He had black hair like Percy did and the same I-just-got-out-of-bed hair style. His eyes were either really dark brown, or pitch black. His skin was pale as if he spent a lot of time in the dark. He was dressed in all black. "Nico Di Angelo." He said giving a nervous smile. He looked sort of uncomfortable. He went to stand by Percy. Just as the introductions finished a box appeared containing five books and a notes from the Fates. "Are those the books Father?" Athena asked. She had always loved reading. I simply nodded my head. "What are they called?" She asked seriously, but I could tell she was eager to start reading them. I looked at them and what I found startled me. "Percy Jackson and the Olympians The Lightning Thief, The Sea of Monsters, The Titan's Curse, The Battle of The Labyrinth, and The Last Olympian." I read them out loud. I looked down at the Percy in front of me. He looked confused and in shock. Thalia and Nico were looking at him confused too. "These books are about you?" I asked. Why did they (who ever they were?) write books about him. "Umm... Yeah... I guess." He replied still looking confused. He stared at my hands. I looked down. The note. I almost forgot about it. "Before we start I guess we should read the note the Fates have sent." I said catching the attention of everyone. I started reading, "To the Olympians and future Demi-gods, These are only the first five of ten books. Don't try to prevent what will happen in the future, we all know you can't control prophecies. And a small reminder: don't hurt the children. We know you'll want to (mostly when you find out their parents) but don't. We'll be sending more Demi-gods later as you read. -The Fates" "Ten books?" Thalia asked. "Yes." I said after making sure everyone was here before I started reading. Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Lightning Thief "The lightning thief?" Apollo asked. Everyone looked Hermes. "Hey! Not all thieves are my children." He exclaimed. All of the gods nodded their heads not convinced. I Accidentally Vaporize My Pre-Algebra Teacher "How do you accidentally vaporize someone?" Apollo asked "Don't ask." Thalia said. She got a lot of weird looks, so she explained, "This is Percy. He's weird." Everyone nodded. "Hey! I'm not weird!" Percy shouted. "Sure" Nico said drawing out the word longer than normal. Percy glared at him, but you could tell it wasn't serious. At this point I'll never finish. I started reading again after a silence. Look, I didn't want to be a half-blood. "No one does Se-" she stopped herself. "No one does Percy." She corrected herself when she got a warning look from Percy and Nico. If you're reading this because you think you might be one, my advice is: "Oh no... Percy gives horrible advice." Thalia and Nico groaned. They were still standing. "Can we have someone to sit?" Percy asked. Hestia drew up some bean bags. As they were getting comfortable I continued reading. Close this book right now. Believe whatever lie your mom or dad told you about your birth, and try to lead a normal life. "You know that's not bad advice" Nico said leaning against Percy. Guess they were closer than I thought. I started reading again. Being a half-blood is dangerous. "Check." The Demi-gods said. It's scary. "Check." They said again. Most of the time, it gets you killed in painful, nasty ways. "Check" they said again, but this time sadly. At this I felt a bit guilty, and judging by the looks on the other gods faces I knew they probably felt like that to. If you're a normal kid, reading this because you think it's fiction, great. Read on. I envy you for being able to believe that none of this ever happened. "Me to." Nico said pouting a little. "It not always bad." Percy said putting an arm around Nico's waist. He smiled at him and leaned up closer against him. They were really close... Thalia just smirked at them. But if you recognize yourself in these pages—if you feel something stirring inside—stop reading immediately. You might be one of us. And once you know that, it's only a matter of time before they sense it too, and they'll come for you. "Why to make it sound starker-ish Percy." Thalia laughed along with Nico. "Oh I'm sorry, next time I plan for someone to read my thoughts I won't do that." He said his voice dripping with sarcasm. Thalia, Nico and now most of the gods were laughing, and after a while he joined in. Don't say I didn't warn you. "You didn't warn us!" Apollo and Hermes yelled. They both got hit by Artemis. My name is Percy Jackson. "Really? I thought it was Peter Johnson." Dionysus said from behind his wine magazine. "You're listening?" The Demi-gods asked in bewilderment. "Of course." He said. They looked confused, but decided to drop it. I'm twelve years old. Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. "It makes sense that you're there." Thalia said. "Hey!" Percy said, but calmed down a bit when he saw everyone was laughing. Am I a troubled kid? "Yes!" The Demi-gods exclaimed to the pouting Percy. A couple of the gods (Poseidon, Artemis, and Aphrodite) looked at them curiously. "This is Percy, he's the most troubled kid in the world. At least I'm pretty sure." Nico said. He leaned against Percy again. Thalia just smiled at them. I wonder what's going on between them? Why does Thalia keep smiling at them? Does she like One of them?! Oh. My. Gods. I sound like Aphrodite. That isn't good. Yeah. You could say that. "You even agree with us!" They said almost in shock. I could start at any point in my short miserable life to prove it, but things really started going bad last May, when our sixth-grade class took a field trip to Manhattan—twenty-eight mental-case kids and two teachers on a yellow school bus, heading to the Metropolitan of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. "What other color are school busses?" Thalia asked Percy. He just shrugged. "Sounds like torture." Poseidon said and I smirked. He looked at me questionably. I read the next line. I know—it sounds like torture. Everyone laughed. Most Yancy field trips were. "How?" Apollo asked. "Boring." Percy replied shrugging. He looked up at Aphrodite ,who was already looking at him, and whispered something to Nico who frowned and leaned away from Percy giving him as much space as he could. But Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher, was leading this trip, so I had hopes. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffee. You wouldn't think he'd be cool, but he told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. He also had this awesome collection of Roman armor and weapons, so he was the only teacher whose class didn't put me to sleep. "Sounds like Chiron." Athena said. And Percy nodded. Then she remembered something, "You shouldn't be sleeping in class anyways!" Athena cried out. "Well that's Percy for you." Thalia laughed. I hoped the trip would be okay. At least, I hoped that for once I wouldn't get in trouble. "Not possible Perce." Nico and Thalia said laughing. Boy, was I wrong. "Of course you were." Thalia said. See, bad things happen to me on field trips. Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. I wasn't aiming for the school bus, but of course I got expelled anyway. All the gods were laughing and Hermes and Apollo were on the ground rolling with laughter. "What were you aiming for?" Nico asked in between laughter. "I don't think I was." Percy said. This only made them laugh harder. I started reading again when they calmed down. And before that, at my fourth-grade school, when we took a behind- the- scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, I sort of hit the wrong lever on the catwalk and our class took an unplanned swim. And the time before that . . . Well, you get the idea. "No! We want to hear more!" Hermes and Apollo screamed laughing. I waited until they calmed down. This trip, I was determined to be good. "As if that was possible." Thalia said still laughing. All the way into the city, I put up with Nancy Bobofit, the freckly, redheaded kleptomaniac girl, hitting my best friend Grover in the back