A/N:I own nothing! It is all either Tolkien's or EA's! Prologue All of the Dunedain that had traveled to Rivendell soon filed into the Hall of Fire where Glorfindel sat on a chair near the fire. Glorfindel looked up at the young Dunedain and motioned for them to sit down. "I will tell you know the story of the Rise of Angmar and the Fall of the Dunedain" started Glorfindel, "for it is important that history is not forgotten so that future generations do not repeat those events that brought ruin unto that which is good. Now then, I remember the coming of the Witch-King quite well..." Chapter 1: The Witch-King Comes The Witch-King sat upon his steed upon a tall hill with his tall iron crown catching the sun in that area north of the Trollshalls which men for years had called Angmar. His lieutenant, Morgomir, stood beside him leaning upon his longsword. "What forces shall we find here master, I see nothing but snow and ice!" said Morgomir. The Witch-King looked at him and replied in his rasping voice, "We will find trolls, and those men whom call themselves the Black Numenoreans. These wastelands have made them tough in bone and sinew and they will serve me well." Both the Lord and his lieutenant looked swiftly as they saw a lone Troll battling many men, but this troll was armored and was extremely skilled with his large blade. The Witch-King and Morgomir exchanged glances and then hurried down to help the troll defeat these men. Since all three of them were exceptional swordsmen, they dispatched the men quickly and effortlessly. The Witch-King looked the troll up and down and then said "You are the most skilled troll I have ever seen, I could use you." The troll looked at him and replied "Me Rogash! Me unite Hill and Snow troll to fight against puny men who try to make us fight. Me and trolls will fight for you if you give us meat and treasure!" The Witch-King then said, "I am the Witch-King and I will give you all of the meat and treasure you want if you serve me Rogash, Troll of the North!" With that Rogash beat upon his breastplate with a large hand and yelled "Rogash kill men in name of Iron Crown!" Rogash then led the Witch-King and Morgomir to the top of a nearby crest. From there one looked down onto a large, ramshackle village of trolls, but there were two kinds of trolls, one kind was shorter and had whitish-blue skin and white hair while the other type was taller and had a greenish skin and appeared to be wearing a kind of rough leather armor, or maybe it was it's hideous hide, either way they were both quite fearsome looking and if one could see the Witch-King's shrouded face, one would have seen that it had an evil sneer plastered on it. However; the village wasn't peaceful, there was much clamor and fierce cries were heard all over and one could even see fighting amongst the kinds of trolls. Upon seeing this, Rogash bellowed loudly, "Stop fighting! Our enemy be man!" with that he leaped into the midst of the village and began beating trolls with the flat of his blade and soon they had stopped. Rogash pointed to the Witch-King and shouted "We have new master, he help us get meat and treasure! We fight for Iron Crown!" After that all of the trolls shook their weapons in the air and began bellowing. Morgomir looked up at his master and said "Well master, I do believe that raising an army took less time than expected." The Witch-King looked down to him from his steed and replied, "Yes it seems so, now we must bring the rest of this land under our grip!" Chapter 2: Founding of Angmar The Witch-King soon asserted his full power over the trolls and soon realized that the snow trolls were quite smart and could carry out many tasks while the main function of the hill trolls would be to fight and do manual labor. Wasting no time, he sent Morgomir and a battalion of snow trolls to reconnoiter the area, find a suitable location for a fortress and find the main encampment of the Black Numenoreans. Morgomir soon sent back a snow troll to lead him to the fortress site. Rogash, sensing that they were about to move, ordered his troops to pack up and get into formation. This took quite a while mainly because the army was quite sizable. However, they were soon moving and because of the great speed with which trolls can move they quickly reached the site of the new fortress. The Witch-King was quite happy when he looked into the large ravine which sloped upwards until it was three quarters of the way to the top of the ravine. This spot would be easily defensible and could provide enough space to house an army and produce supplies! He then ordered Rogash to have his trolls set up camp here and to set teams to guard and to start quarrying stone for a wall to cover the mouth of the ravine. He then rode to the top of the ravine and once there he found a half-buried fortress had already been built here! "Rogash!" he yelled, "Get an excavation crew up here on the double!" The shouts and commands of Rogash could be heard loudly, even from the top of the ravine and soon a team was hard at work excavating the old fortress. The Witch-King allowed Rogash to lead the excavation team while he entered the fortress to see what was still usable for the moment. He soon found that the outer facade was never really that big, it was only an entrance to the actual fortress which was itself delved into the mountains and completely intact. This was definitely a place that could be held for a long time! As the Witch-King walked the long forgotten halls of the fortress he realized that it was of Numenorean building and that it must have been built in secret in case of a war in the north, but no matter, he would make this a place of strength and horror. When the Witch-King stepped back out into the evening sunlight, he was greeted by Morgomir. "Sire," started Morgomir, "We have found the stronghold of the Black Numenoreans and they outnumber us more than we thought for they have pressed the orcs of Mount Gundabad into service and now thousands of orcs and hundreds of wolf riders swell their already large ranks." "They have already marshaled an army to strike us down. No matter, they will come to this place and I will force them to join us or die!" cried the Witch-King "Have some of the snow trolls track their movements, we will be waiting for them half-way down the ravine." The work continued and the beginnings of a wall had already been built three quarters of the way into the ravine, near the old fortress when the alert came that the Black Numenorean army was ten miles from the ravine. The Witch-King immediately ordered all work to stop and that all trolls assemble for battle. All of the hill trolls under the command of Rogash were placed half way down the ravine while Morgomir had taken half of the snow trolls and led them to the tops of both sides of the ravine where they could hurl boulders down onto the enemy. As for the Witch-King, he had mounted his horse and took direct command of the remaining snow trolls and positioned them behind the wall. These trolls would act as a cavalry and trample the enemy with their picks and large feet. The Black Numenoreans soon arrived at the ravine and not knowing their danger, charged straight for the line of hill trolls, soon many men were dying by the long hammers of the trolls and the terrible fury of Rogash's blade. However, the battle soon began to turn and would have been lost if Morgomir had not finally let his trolls let loose their stones and boulders upon the bowmen in the back ranks of the Numenoreans. The enemy's morale soon began to break and at that moment, the Witch-King charged down the hill with his snow trolls and began to overwhelm the Numenoreans. Soon their morale broke completely and while the orcs fled, the Numenoreans just gave up and surrendered. All of Angmar was now the Witch-King's! Chapter 3: Rhudaur Falls With the constant inflow of slaves and troops, the Witch-King's fortress, which was now called Carn Dum, was finished! He soon turned his eye to Arnor. After the death of the last king of all Arnor, the Kingdom was split into three smaller Kingdoms; Arthedain, Cardolan, and Rhudaur. While all three kingdoms were split equally, not all three had the same strength. Arthedain was by far the strongest with Cardolan not far behind, but Rhudaur had a low population of Dunedain and controlling the local hillmen wasn't easy. Since Rhudaur was the weakest and since conquering it would bolster his forces, the Witch-King turned his eye on the weak kingdom and was soon at work undermining it. To do this he would need to draw most of the Hillmen to fight for him so as not to risk all of his forces. To do this he made a secret alliance with Hwaldar, the Chief of the largest clan of Hillmen. Rather than ride openly into Rhudaur, the Witch-King entered silently with a small vanguard and with the main army coming in slowly behind him. He quickly set up a camp in the hills and sent out spies to gather information. As the spies came in, one rushed to Morgomir and quickly told him what he had to report. The information made Morgomir's already pale face even paler. "Master," Morgomir weakly said as he approached the Witch-King, "A report has just come in that Hwaldar has been captured by the accursed Dunedain. He is being held captive in a small camp just south-west of here. The camp is only 100 strong." The Witch-King brought his gauntleted fist down on the nearby table with such power that it broke asunder. "Curse the Dunedain!" He cried, "We shall need to free him before we can rally the Hillmen. Ready the snow trolls, wolf riders, and my horse, we shall make a quick strike and free him." Soon the Witch-King was silently leading a small strike force south-west across the hills. As they were riding a scout rode back and told the Witch-King that they were approaching the camp. With that he spurred on his troops, but ordered them to be silent. With amazing speed they swooped into the unsuspecting camp trampling and slaughtering every enemy. Quickly the camp was silenced, Hwaldar released from his prison, and several soldier set to counting bodies to make sure all the men were dead. The Witch-King turned to the wolf-rider captain and asked, "What is the count?" "Garn! We only counted 99 tarks your majesty!" He replied, waving his sword in the air. "Blast!" the Witch-King cried, "We shall have to start the attack as soon as Hwaldar has summoned the Hillmen! Captain, send a messenger to meet us at the central Hillman camp." The rider was soon off and the cavalry troops were riding towards the central village. Once there, Hwaldar ran to the center of the village, held aloft his great war axe, and cried "Rise Hillmen! Now is the time to fight for the Iron Crown!" Many war cries were heard as around 250 armed hillmen surged from the clustered huts of the village. "Send riders to the outlying villages," continued Hwaldar, "Summon them to this camp!" Several Hillmen scrambled to do his bidding and the rest lined up in formation according to weapon and rank with the spearmen in