First things first….. I don't own any part of Twilight. Drat! So, tomorrow is my 30th birthday. I was sitting around thinking about turning thirty and this little idea popped into my head and wouldn't go away. I'm glad it didn't. I enjoyed writing this one shot. A big shoutout to Shannon for giving this a read through and helping me make it a better story. You're the best girl! I'd like to dedicate this to both Shannon (CullenSweetheart) and Ally (AlbertaGirl78). They've had a rough weekend/week. Love you girls bunches! If you haven't read any of their stories then you are missing out! Go check them out and leave them lots of lovely reviews! Now….on to the story! Enjoy! READ ON! BPOV Thirty. It's a nice, round number. It's a number you don't give a lot of thought to until it's slapping you in the face and pushing twenty-nine off a cliff. I sighed as I clutched the covers tightly to me, burrowing into the softness of my bed. Today is my thirtieth birthday. The number doesn't really bother me to be honest. I've never been one of those that thinks my life is over just because I turned a year older. What does bother me is how my life has turned out. When I was younger I had dreams and aspirations. I had this idea in my head of how my life would be by the time I reached this milestone. I thought I would be more successful. I thought I would be happily married and maybe have children with my handsome husband. I thought I'd be…..happy. I'm not miserable but I am definitely not happy. I want more out of my life. I want to wake up with a smile on my face instead of groaning at the idea of facing another day unfulfilled and alone. Things had gone horribly wrong after high school. It started out well enough I suppose. I opted to go to a local community college because it was cheaper. I had just completed my first year when I got the call that my mother, Renee, had been diagnosed with breast cancer. I was terrified. My mother and I were not terribly close. We didn't see each other much after she left when I was ten but I still loved her. She and her husband Phil were living in Florida so I decided to forgo my next year of school and went to live with them. It was a long process but I wouldn't have traded my time with her for anything. We bonded in a way we never have and I finally had the relationship with her that I should have always had. We were so relieved when she went into remission. She tried to get me to go back to school but I had already been off a year, a tough year, so I decided to not go back just yet. I ended up staying in Florida with Mom and Phil as I worked at a local coffee shop. I felt content, not happy, but content. Then the other shoe dropped. I came home from work one day and Renee was distraught. My Dad, Charlie, had been in an accident. He was on patrol when a drunk driver hit him head on. He had been airlifted to Seattle and things didn't look good. So Phil took Renee and me to the airport, bought our tickets and sent us on our way. I was numb all the way there. I didn't even remember landing or the ride to the hospital. Charlie had coded twice already and the doctors said it was touch and go. We sat there for days and days crying and worrying. Even though my parents were no longer married, they both still cared for one another. Renee was heartbroken to see Charlie like this but she was my rock. She held me together when all I wanted to do was crumble. I couldn't lose him. Days turned into weeks but as time passed Charlie's condition improved. A month later he finally woke up and I cried big fat tears of joy. Flashback " Bella," he rasped. " Shh, Dad. Don't try to talk. Let me go get a nurse." I ran down the hallway to the nurse's station joyfully sobbing so much they nearly didn't understand what I wanted. End Flashback From then on it was still a long road for his recovery. He wouldn't be able to go back to work immediately which just about killed him but he made the best of it. There was lots of physical therapy and lots of long days and nights. Eventually Charlie was back to himself but I stuck around for a while. I had almost lost him and I wanted to be close to him. Then Sue came into the picture. She had been the wife of his best friend, Harry Clearwater who had passed away five years ago. He and Sue had always been great friends but she started spending more time around our house after his accident helping me and him. Soon things changed. Their friendship blossomed into much more. They were so happy and one of the sweetest couples I had ever known. Things seemed to have settled down eventually and I felt optimistic about life but this is me. Things never work out. I found myself in a relationship that I would much rather forget. I stayed in it too long and it nearly sucked the life out of me. So many years were lost, stolen from me. It nearly did me in. I wasted so much time. I should have been stronger. I should have walked away but I wallowed in my misery thinking I deserved it. Afterwards, I fell into a dark despair that I thought I would never pull out of but my father was having none of it. He called Renee who flew up from Florida and they both pushed me out the door and took me off to Seattle. So, here I am, two years into living here. I was near my friends again and back in school. My life finally seemed to be coming together but I just couldn't seem to be truly happy. Something was missing. "Bellaaaaaaa!" The loud yell is accompanied by a thunderous knock. "How can such a tiny person make so much noise?" I mutter as I pulled myself out of bed. I made my way to my apartment door and just as I unlocked it Alice flung it wide open and busted her way into my apartment. "Happy Birthday Bella!" "Alice," I hissed, "I have neighbors. Calm the hell down!" "Whatever, it's your birthday! I have a right to be excited." "Why? It's not your birthday!" "It doesn't matter! You're my bestest friend and you are going to have a wonderful day, damn it!" I just sighed and plopped down on the sofa. There was no use in arguing with Alice. She always got her way. "So what big plans do you have for me today?" "Well, you'll be happy to know that I am taking it easy on you this year." "Seriously?" I asked not believing her for a second. "I'm serious you bitch!" She said making us both laugh. "I thought us girls would go out for dinner and maybe some drinks afterwards. Rosalie and Angela are all set to come along." "Great! I haven't seen them in so long. It won't be anybody else though will it? I don't need to deal with Maggie on my birthday." Alice laughed knowing how Maggie and I didn't get along. She was constantly bragging about her super rich, super successful lawyer husband and her two point five kids. All of that wouldn't really be so bad but she always shot those looks at me and then started telling me how I needed to find a man and pop out some babies before my ovaries shriveled up like prunes. Bitch. "No Maggie! I promise!" "Thanks Alice, I'm lucky to have a friend like you." "And don't you forget it!" She said hugging me so tight I thought my eyes would pop out. "Now, the only other thing I have planned for today is a spa day. No shopping or anything like that. Just a spa day." I smiled at my dear friend. She was giving up her favorite extracurricular activity for me because she knew how much I hated shopping. "That sounds wonderful Alice. Let me go get ready." "Okay, and then we can stop by that awesome little coffee shop we both love so much for a little breakfast." "Sounds good!" I replied running off to the bathroom to shower. I got ready quickly and soon we were on our way. Breakfast was an on the go affair since Alice wanted to get to the spa immediately. We were ushered in like royalty and it didn't take long until I was totally relaxed. As we sat there having the best pedicure ever, lounging around in soft white robes, Alice giggled. "What?" "I was just thinking about something. Nevermind." "Aliiiice," I groaned. "You can't do that! You have to tell me." "Okay, so I was just remembering something from when we were teenagers." "Ooookay?" "Do you remember Edward Cullen?" My heart suddenly hammered in my chest. I remembered him alright. The lanky, geeky, but handsome boy who I had adored. I had harbored a great love for him but I never told him. We were the best of friends all through high school but when he left for college we quickly lost touch. Or rather I had let him slip away. I knew I was going to be stuck in a rut while he went off and made something of his life. He didn't need me to drag him down. "Umm, yeah, why?" "Do you remember that pact the two of you made senior year?" "What?" "You know!" I knew exactly what pact she was talking about but I decided to play dumb. I didn't want to remember. It hurt to remember. "What are you talking about Alice?" "Okay, since you are obviously having a senile moment, I will enlighten you. The week before we graduated we all got together for one last celebration. You and Edward were in your little bubble that the two of you were always in." "Bubble?" I questioned laughing. "We were not always in a bubble." "You so were and you know it! Now hush and let me finish!" "Aye, aye cap'n," I said saluting her which she responded to by flipping me off. "Anyway, Edward said that if you were both still single when you turned thirty that you two would get married and have lots of babies." "Oh my God Alice! He was kidding!" "I knew you remembered!" She accused. "Now I do. Seriously though, that's crazy. Last I heard he did get married." "Oh, yeah, but he also got divorced." "What?" "Yep, last year." "How do you know?" "Facebook," she said with that 'duh' look on her face and she shrugged. "Seriously Bell, you are the only person not on Facebook!" "Good grief, Alice! My not being on Facebook is so not the end of the world. I hate all that social network crap. Between Twitter, Facebook, and text messaging the written word has been massacred! People don't talk to each other anymore! Hashtags, acronyms, poking, I mean whatever happened to writing a letter or going out to lunch to talk for heaven's sakes?!" I said with my proverbial feet planted on my soapbox. "Bet you wouldn't mind it if it was Edward Cullen poking you!" Alice said laughing loudly. "Oh my God Alice! What is wrong with you?!" I shrieked as our pedicurists laughed along with her. "I'm sorry! I just couldn't help it," she said with tears of laughter rolling down her face. "Yeah, you look real sorry right now," I grumbled crossing my arms. "Come