A man with patchy brown hair ran looking through his apartment, if you could call it running. With every step he took his bear belly jiggled so much he almost fell over, and the smell of beer wafted around the house everywhere he went. "Come out you little…" He didn't finish because as he was saying this he flipped over a table to see a little boy cowering under it. The boy was no older than eight and had a large scar from the top of his left eye, over his nose, then it briefly hit the right side of his mouth, and it finished at the other side of his chin. He had startling silver hair, and pitch-black eyes; his skin was tan and already had muscle forming at the age of eight. The man grabbed him by the neck and lifted him up to eye level, which was only a foot or two. "Were you trying to escape your punishment? I may have to double it now." Right before he could start the door swung open and in stepped a lady with long brown hair and bright blue eyes. "Percy, Gabe, I'm home, and I brought something from the ca-." She stopped once she saw the scene before her and flung herself at Gabe, tackling him to the ground and causing him to drop Percy. As soon as the wrestling started it stopped, it stopped with a bullet tearing through Sally's chest. It stopped with a roar from Percy as the shadows around him came to life and strangled Gabe. It stopped with Percy running out the door and passing the police cars on the walk down the street. There it stopped, and there something greater began. Percy ran through the forest at night with several monsters on his tail. Weaving through the bushes and trees like a pro Percy had been able to stay ahead of them, but now they were catching up. Percy rounded a corner and encountered a cliff, a cliff with a long way down. "Demigod scum, did you really think you could evade us forever?" Percy turned with pure joy in his eyes, and then laughed when he saw it was mostly hellhounds. He raised his hands ready to fight, only for an arrow to fly out of the forest and pierce the monster in the throat, that arrow was soon followed by many more like it until no more monsters were left. "Put your hands in the air, boy ." Percy raised his hands, turned towards the sound of the voice, and then dropped into the shadow under him only to reappear a few feet away. "Sh-." Percy didn't finish as his features contorted into that of pain, and in his head he heard four simple words, and immediately knew what to do. The time has come. Percy looked around the group for someone with eyes like his hair, and soon found her. She had auburn hair and stood taller than the rest, but Percy towered over them all in his now fifteen year old form. His face morphed into that of happiness and he dashed at the girl with silver eyes. Once he got within a few feet arrows started raining down on him, but the shadows came to his aid and stopped them. Soon he reached the auburn haired goddess whose eyes were wide with shock. "P-Perseus?" Percy smirked and nodded his head. "Yep, it's me… mom." Artemis launched herself into a hug with tears in her eyes. "Y-your father hid you from me, he said I would meet you again when the time was right." Percy sighed and rested his head on top of his mothers. "Yea, he needed some time to make me a demigod and still keep all of my powers at godly level, and there were some… experiments gone wrong is what we'll call them. Let me tell you what, some of those were not pretty. So in order to prevent any harm to me or to you he kept me with mortals who would be fooled by the mist." Artemis looked up at her son and saw tears in his eyes, which she reached up and wiped away. "Percy, what happened?" He looked down at her with a watery smile on his face. "Dad was in the process of trying again when something happened, in short my abusive step dad killed my 'mom', at the time, and I unleashed my powers as dad was making me demigod, and when I unleashed my power and he unleashed his, something happened. We're still trying to figure it out, so I'm not aloud to tell you anything yet, but as soon as I know something I'll tell you." Artemis turned to the hunters to see all of them with shocked faces. "Hunters, there was one man, one man who I have found worthy of my presence, he had been cheated on by his wife and came to earth to morn. I found him and soon we became quite close, and after a while he found a way for us to sire a kid and me remain a maiden, similar to the way Athena has her kids. The result was this young man, Percy, and if he inherited any of his fathers traits then he will be more than worthy of our presence." A girl with copper skin, long black hair, and onyx eyes stepped forward, she wore the same silver parka as the others, but she had a silver tiara on her head. That signaled she was the lieutenant of the hunt. "Milady, if you don't mind me asking, who was his father?" Several other hunters murmured behind her, and Artemis opened her mouth to respond, only for Percy to step forward with a smirk. "Let's see how well you know your mythology, maladies." Percy closed his eyes for a couple second before they snapped open, now a deep red, and a portal opened behind him, and the only sound coming from them was the howls of hellhounds. "I am Perseus. Son of Artemis, and my father is your guess," he winked at the huntresses and continued, "I am prince of shadows, king of hellhounds, heir to the moon, and so much more that me and dad are still discovering everyday." Artemis stared proudly at her son while the huntresses looked at him in shock, which was broken when the lieutenant stepped forward and stared coldly at Percy. "Your father is Erebus is he not?" Percy raised an eyebrow at the huntress; obviously impressed she knew something about mythology that was long ago forgotten. "Ding, Ding, Ding! We have a winner, and what might this lovely lady's name be?" The huntress blushed slightly when he called her lovely, but shielded it with her hair so no one would notice, except Artemis, who decided to talk to her later. "My name is Zoë boy , now even if you are Artemis son, we have no proof yet that you will be unlike the other men." Artemis gasped in shock and Percy stared at her coldly. "Zoë! He is my son, and you would do well to treat him with respect!" Zoë stared at her mistress and shook her head. "Who is your father? Zeus correct? One of the most power hungry males in existence, but here you are, one of the most respected goddesses there is. My father is… never mind, but you get the point, some kids turn out nothing like their parents." All the huntresses stared at Zoë with sympathy, as they knew her story even if she had never shared who her parents were, and only Artemis knew. Percy glared at the huntress and stepped forward towards her. "And what have I done wrong?" Zoë glared at him for several seconds before realizing he had done nothing wrong. "Some men act nice when they really aren't, just to fool women." Percy frowned and took a few steps back; he was actually somewhat attracted to the huntress before then. "Well, if I'm not wanted, than I guess I'll just leave. Sorry mother, but I think it's time I went to Camp Half-Blood. Dad told me that both of you could claim me, said it would throw the old camp into chaos." Percy smirked towards the end before sucking the shadows towards him and shadow traveling away, but not before leaving five words echoing around the clearing. I left for you Zoë Percy POV I wandered around the camp borders just waiting for a monster to strike. I waited for hours upon hours, until the night turned day, and still no monsters attacked me. So instead of waiting longer I stretched out my sense only to find hundreds of monsters surrounding me all just to afraid to fight. I turned to the hellhound section and gave a roar, and almost immediately all of them bowed down before me. Well… mostly all of them. There was this one little pup that came running out and started licking my feet and jumping up on my leg. I laughed and bent down to pick him up and he immediately leapt into my arms. "And what's your name?" The hellhound looked at me and I laughed again. "How about… Quint. Do you like that name?" The hellhound buried his face in his paws and whimpered, while I softly chuckled and continued my thinking. "Ok, obviously not Quint, so how about… NightSend?" The hellhound looked at me curiously before jumping up and licking my face, causing me to fall onto my back and laugh. "Ok, NightSend, how about we go and surprise these campers." I got up and prepared to leave when an arrow flew towards me and landed in the tree in front of me. "Oh, silly me. I almost forgot about the army of monsters." A horn sounded from the camp, and in seconds an army of campers were at the top of the hill, but I didn't need them, and I planned on them knowing that. So I ran ahead into battle and ripped them all apart with my bare hands. It's not that I don't want a weapon; it's just that none of them feel balanced except my bow, which turned into a silver necklace when I don't use it. Once I finished I turned and saw all of the campers staring at me in awe, and suddenly a bright flash appeared above my head. When it went away I looked up to see a ball of shadows with two glowing eyes in them, and a silver arrow going though a moon. When I looked back at the campers all of them were bowing, which I found annoying, and Chiron was trotting up to me, I'm very familiar with Greek mythology. "All hail…" he looked at me expectantly, "Perseus, but just call me Percy." Chiron nodded and turned back to the campers. "All hail Percy, Son of Artemis and Erebus." Chiron walked up to me, and upon reaching me he stuck out his hand in a friendly greeting, and just to scare him I made my eyes glow red and also made an army of hellhounds appear behind me. Immediately all the campers fell back and scrambled to get their weapons ready. Meanwhile I just sent the hellhounds back and lay on the ground laughing. "Your faces! That was priceless!" Most mumbled and headed back to their cabin, while others watched me with interest. I chatted with the ones that stayed, and soon headed up to the border with them. Right as I crossed camp borders with Chiron, Annabeth (an Athena camper), Luke (a very evil looking son of Hermes), and Thalia (an extremely non prideful daughter of Zeus) a horn sounded… a hunting horn. Then up the hill ran the hunters, all except mom. Once they reached me most waved at me a little while others just didn't glare at me, which was good with me. The only