A/N: Hey guys, I'm back. Now you're probably wondering what I mean, right? Well, it's me… Iron and Diamonds. I got locked out of my account so I made a new one. Here's my 'first' Story Percy POV I never wanted this life. Being a monster in both the worlds I'm from. I probably should've expected it though. I mean if Fate can't control you then it's gonna find some way to influence you. Right? I guess it doesn't really matter. I mean a war's coming and both world's will get what they deserve… pain. Before Percy was born (if it gets confusing stay with me, I promise everything will be explained. Also this is the only part that Chaos will play a major role in) Chaos POV "Sir, he's escaped." I looked down at my servant before rubbing my temple with one hand and signing a paper with the other. "Well, go put him back." The servant shuffled from one foot to another before mumbling something under his breath. I stopped writing and look down on him, causing him to shift even more uncomfortably. "C… Certus." I jumped out of my throne and summoned all of my children into the room, while teleporting all of the other people in the room out. Within seconds all of my children were here, talking idly about stuff until I slammed my fist on the table. Immediately everyone stopped talking and took a seat, understanding it had to be extremely important for me to get so angry about it. "Certus is out. Who will help?" Immediately over half the room left to hide in their domains, and pray he would leave them be. The only ones left were: Nyx, Pontus, Thanatos, Hydros, Gaia, and me. I sighed knowing this would be difficult before Hydros looked around the room, paled in fear, then flashed out. Now I let out a sigh of anger knowing I had made the most cowardly creations ever. "Ok, now none of you are gonna leave, and We'll have Certus back in his cage in the void in less than a week." They all nodded their heads before an ear-piercing whistle cut through the air, even for us primordials it hurt. Suddenly a hologram appeared, with the very thing we were looking for being projected. "Lady Chaos, I am not trying to cause trouble. I just want to give a proposition. I'm fading, I won't last more than a year and I just want a son. I swear on Helios that if you let me have a son and wife then I will not purposefully teach him any of my old ways, in fact I'll even try to make him pure and good with my wife." As soon as he finished a dark purple light flashed over him, and when it disappeared he clutched his head in pain while letting out a growl, sealing the deal. I looked at my fellow council rulers and saw all of them nod their head, knowing it was either let him do this or fight a battle which would not be good for us. I nodded my head and opened my mouth to talk to him, but before I could he started jumping up and down before stepping through the hologram and giving me a hug. "Thank you so much. I'll even let you track me so you know exactly where I am, but if I put up a do not disturb beacon I would rather you not look to see what I'm doing." He blushed at the last part, and so did I but nonetheless nodded. "You know it's good to have you back Certus, and I mean the real, and not the you corrupted from evil." He just smiled at me before flashing out, no doubt going to marry his girlfriend and enjoy the last year of his life with her and his son. Still Chaos POV It turns out Certus had longer to live than he thought, his son and wife gave him a reason to live. Sadly it wasn't enough to stop him from fading, which happened when his son, Percy, was 16 years old. Percy POV I was having the best dream of my life my girlfriend and me were riding in a boat just enjoying our time and having fun, then she turned to me and started speaking in my mom's voice. "Wake up Percy… Wake up… Dad's going to be mad if you're late…" Finally I woke up, only just then realizing it was a dream. I heard my mom yell again that I was about to be late before groaning and looking over at my alarm clock.6: 47… 6:47! I had to be in the car by seven or dad would leave me. I jumped out of bed with a yelp and scrambled around grabbing clothes and putting them on. I rushed into the bathroom and brushed my teeth before combing my messy white hair, then I made sure there were no pimples on my tan smooth skin, lastly I checked my bright blue and yellow eyes (I think they look like a mix between an electric spark and the sky) finally I ran down stares and grabbed a bagel before running out the door barely catching my dad, you was pulling out of the garage. When I got into the car he flicked me on the ear before driving off. My dad was not the type to talk, and he looked like it. He was a tall stern man that I think could pass for a mob leader. Not that I'm really complaining, its thanks to him that I can do half the stuff I can do. He pushes me past my limits to increase my limits, and I love it. We arrived at school right when the warning bell was ringing, that meant I had five minutes to get to my class before the real bell rang. I got out of the car and tossed my whole bagel to my dad before yelling bye and running off with my stuff to my first class. Math with Mrs. Dodds I got in the class and at my seat right before the bell rang, causing my friends next to me to reach over and playfully punching me on my shoulder, telling me to cut it closer next time. Mrs. Dodds gave me a sympathetic smile, something I only got when I was late. I gave her a questioning look but she just shook her head and started class. I could hardly focus during class, thinking about why Mrs. Dodds gave me that look and why dad was acting so weird this morning. About half way through class the principle came into the class and called me to the office. My friends all laughed and made a big deal about it, but I was actually worried. I'd had this feeling in my stomach all day, and I just knew something bad had happened. When we reached the principles office she sat down and pointed to the seat across from her, which I promptly sat in. "Percy… there was an accident." I looked up at her with tears on the verge of coming out. "Your mother and father… they were driving when an 18 wheeler spun out of control and hit them, blowing up both cars and only leaving scorched bodies behind." I dropped my head down into my hands and let out a sob, quickly followed by several more until I was flat out sobbing into my arms. My teacher looked at me awkwardly before glancing at the clock. "Percy, how about you and your girl friend have off this next period, switch it with your free period." I nodded my head and barely registered her calling Mackey, my girlfriend to the office. Less than two minutes later she showed up at the door, and had a little discussion with the principle, probably about my predicament. Less than a second later she launched herself at me and took me outside, to me all of this had gone by in under a minute, but I soon heard the bell for the class I was just in ending. After a while I managed to stop sobbing and Mackey pulled away. "Percy, I'm so sorry, I know how much you loved your parents." I just nodded my head before she pulled me back into the hug. After a few minutes we started talking, and soon got to my inheritance. "Well, I got about an 8th of the money, the rest is pre set up to get me through college and get me started on the job." Mackey frowned and turned to look me in the eyes. "Only an 8th?" I gave her a questioning look, but I still nodded me head. She let out a groan and almost looked sad. "I was hoping you wouldn't say that. I was actually starting to like you for more than the money and obviously the looks." I choked on my sobs, but held back thinking it may not be what it seemed. When she saw this she actually looked a little sympathetic. "I thought you knew it was just for the money." I shook my head and started letting out sobs while she just stood up and walked away. Telling me I should grieve without her. Finally I stopped crying and got up, deciding I should go home since I had all of my classes with Mackey and I didn't wan to see her anymore. Once I got home I saw the door was unlocked, and there was a package on the counter. I walked up to it and saw what was inside. All that was in there was a note and an iphone, obviously a new one, as it looked nothing like mine, which I thought was the newest there was. I decided to open up the note first and see what it was about. Dear Percy, If you're reading this than I was right to say I was going to fade today. You know all those Greek myths that I had you study, and the pretend character I would tell you stories about when you were younger? Certus, embodiment of electricity, winds, and weather, but not the sky, since that's ouranus. Well, the truth is I am Certus, and you have inherited all of my powers, and my full blessing. I have faded, and your mother wanted to come with so she could always be with us when you died, but she had to die with me for that to happen. I'm sorry we left you alone, but in this package you will also find a phone. It will take you to a camp for people like you, if you remember the stories, Camp Half-Blood. Once you get there the phone will unlock, and… well you'll find out the rest. Just remember your mother and I will always be watching, and we'll always be proud. Love, Certus and Sally I was in tears by the time I was done, but I was also somewhat relived. I always knew something was different about me, and my dad went into extreme detail about Certus and his powers so I had a good understanding of them. I grabbed the phone, the letter, and a backpack filled with supplies and headed out the door… or tried to. Once I stepped through the door frame my phone starting vibrating really loud. I pulled it out and it scanned my eye before a map appeared on the screen. It was telling my where to go and how long it would take if I followed the route it told me to… 5 days. I sighed and shouldered my backpack before walking in the direction I was supposed to go, not even thinking to try to hotwire a car until almost there. I made it to camp sweating and scared. It was pretty easy to kill the occasional monster