A/N- Well, this WAS Expect The Unexpected, but got spazzy and deleted it for being "interactive," so if anyone asks, this is NOT an SYOT. Okay? Disclaimer- I own this disclaimer. That is all. Not This Time- Chapter 1- Reapings Tucker Hampton- District 9 I woke up this morning, same as always. I was about to go to the factory and resume my work, but I realized that today was reaping day. Terrific. I don't like working in the factories, but it's the only way to support my sisters- Rosette, Mondell and Angel. I was forced to take over as the head of the family after my mom, Janette, passed away three years ago and my father Donothan turned to alcohol. I'm sixteen now, and this is my life. I don't mind it. At least, it's better than school. That's where people ignore me and think I'm weak. That's where people insult my family and end up getting punched in the face. That's where I'm always alone. It's not as bad as it could be, though... I have three amazing sisters. And a home. And a means of getting food. By all means, I'm one of the lucky ones. But this year I'm terrified for my sister Rosette. She's twelve now, so she has a chance of getting reaped. I would do anything in the world to protect any one of my family members. I have a chance of getting reaped. Well, I guess anyone does. Sure, I took out some tesserae, but so did almost everyone in the factory. I decided to let my family sleep- my sisters could use their rest, and my father is much more pleasant asleep. To ease my nerves, I decide to take a walk around my district. It's not pretty, but it's my home. I spend a long time walking. Too long of a time, perhaps... I look at the sun and realize that I only have about 15 minutes to get presentable for the reaping. I sprint home, running past my sisters, dressed up and looking adorable, and my father, looking the same. I throw open the door to my bedroom and quickly throw on my white button-down shirt, dark-wash jeans and sneakers. Simple, but nice. We all walk down to the reaping together- or at least I walk down with my sisters. My father walks apart from us, quickly finding some of his drinking buddies to place bets with. The guides usher me to the front of the roped off area, and Rosette to the back. Mondell and Angel stand right next to her, just outside the ropes. You can clearly see the fear on their pale white faces. I want to tell them that everything will be fine, but I can't. The reaping has started. I nervously brush my dark brown hair out of my light green eyes and wait to find out who is sentenced to death this time. The mayor stands up, and begins to tell the old story of how Panem was founded. I zone out, instead choosing to examine our guide this year. She has a very tattooed face, tons of bright pink clothes, and a sickeningly sweet smile. She terrifies me. I'm brought back to reality when she reaches into the bowl for female tributes. I wait with a pounding heart for the name to be called. I wish with every fiber of my being that it won't be Rosette's name called. And it isn't. It's a girl I knew in school, named Jeannie Murphy. She looks terrified, weak, and like an easy target in the games. I feel really sorry for her. I listen, out of habit, for the boy's name. I wonder if it'll be someone from school... The pink lady purses her lips, reaches her hand in the bowl, pulls out a card, and reads it in a squeaky voice. "Tucker Hampton" Natalie Richards- District 7 The Games have been part of my life ever since I was born. My grandmother, Aimee, was a victor one year, and had my mother with another tribute who, unfortunately didn't make it through. My mother, Raina, was spared from the games, as was my great-aunt Angela when she was old enough, but I have a feeling this will be my year to be a tribute. Every time that a victor has a child, they always end up reaped sometime. My mother, by some miracle, was spared, but that just gives me that much more of a chance. I think Grandma Aimee knew that, too, because she has taught me everything she knows about edible plants and archery, the two things that helped her win. I also taught myself how to cut down trees, so most days you can find me in the forest, barefoot, chopping down trees for firewood. I've never been hungry, what with my grandma's winnings, but I'm not spoiled in the least. My mother made sure of that, making sure I knew how lucky we were. I don't want to go into the games. I'm happy with my life. I left to spend possibly my last hours in the woods. I started working, but eventually just ran through the woods, letting my long hair fly out behind me. It's the only place I feel... well... free. I stayed out there until Grandma Aimee comes and gets me, and tells me to get ready. I run back home, to the house in the forest that Grandma bought after she won. I'm so preoccupied by my thoughts while I brush my hair that I barely notice Grandma Aimee entering my room, holding something green. I look at it questioningly and she holds up her favorite dress she wore from the victory tour. It's a beautiful green, with quarter sleeves and an embroidered neckline. It comes with matching shoes. I open my mouth in shock, when she smiles and says, "This is for you. I hope with all my heart you won't get reaped, but I know that if you do, you'll win." Then she sets the dress down and exits. I slowly put it on, reveling in the smooth silky fabric, so different from my everyday clothes. I'm admiring it in the mirror when Mom comes in and says it's time to go. I walk to the square with my head held high, ignoring the boy's staring at me. Don't they have other things to do? I mean, HONESTLY! I joined the other 16-year-olds and waited for the reaping. Our mayor rose with a grim face and repeated the dull history, speaking in a monotone. I spent the entire time tracing circles in the ground with a stick. Our escort reached into the bowl containing the females. With her long, manicured fingers, she selected a name and read it out loud. I tensed, preparing for the worst. And I got it. "Natalie Richards." Gregory Slade- District 5 I woke up this morning laughing because I had a really funny dream involving a piece of cheese and an emu... Anyway, I was happy. Until I realized what day it was... REAPING DAY! (dramatic music in background). It's only my second year being eligible- I'm thirteen- so I'm still freaking out. I mean, I don't want to kill people! I tiptoe past my dad Cordon, who is asleep and snoring with his mouth wide open. He's a really great dad, but wants more kids. Apparently I'm not enough... I end up at my school, where I'll go until- well, until I graduate. Then I really want to go to the college in my district, and become a pyrotechnic. Y'know, one of those bigwigs who blows stuff up for a living. I love explosions. I wandered around the hallways, waiting for the reaping. I don't really have much to worry about- my name's only in four times, but that's less than most of the kids who live here. I had to go for two tesserae last year, because times were really hard, but then Dad got promoted and I didn't have to this year. Too soon, I realize the reaping is starting somewhat soon. I wander home, change into my clothes with the least stains, and walk out to the meeting place. It can barely hold all of our small district, so we are packed tighter than sardines in a can. I can barely breathe. If they're going to sentence random kids to death, they might as well give them space so they don't suffocate before the arena. I impatiently wait while they draw the District 5 girl's name- someone named Becca Garielde. She looks strong enough... actually, she's really hot, but a few years older than me. Oh, well. Now for the guys name... "Don't be me don't be me don't be me don't be me don't be me don't be" "Gregory Slade" Annabelle Kelly- District 4 No matter what I do, it almost always involves water. It is my life. It's always been there for me- through the death of my mother and father, through moving in with my uncle, and it even helped me meet my boyfriend, Quinn! Oh, sorry. I'm Annabelle Kelly. Hi. I woke up screaming from a nightmare I couldn't quite place, and gave up trying to fall asleep after I realized it was reaping day. Fabulous. I left a note where I knew my uncle could find it, grabbed my swimsuit, and ran to the ocean that's right by our docks and actually has a really convenient entrance area, if you know where to look. I rushed to put on my swimsuit and gracefully slipped into the water, my long blonde hair splayed out behind me. I impatiently tied it back, laying on my back and losing myself in the cool waves sliding over me. I involuntary smiled, my face transforming from my usual scowl. I was reveling in the bliss when I heard a splash and the familiar voice of my boyfriend Quinn saying, "There room for two?" I winced slightly at his sharp voice and heard myself reply, in a high tone that did not match my mood, "Sure, anything. It's great to see you." He started talking about how nervous he was about the reaping. Like I care- I have nerves of my own to deal with. I zoned him out and speculated about why I was actually dating him. I guess it has something to do with his best friend, Finnick Odair ( I don't care if or if not this matches with his actual age. He's 17 now, and won at the age of 16. It doesn't match the book, but I don't care. ). Our moms were great friends, so we were forced to hung out a lot. And then my mom died, and he was all I had. We naturally became friends. He had another friend- Quinn. I never really knew him that well. We usually hung out separately. That's how life was until last year. Then Finnick got reaped. My life was over. He was my best friend. What was I going to do? Now I had nobody. I was at the lake, seriously considering swimming away from all of it, when I heard a voice say, "I know. I feel like that, too. It'd be so much easier." I whipped around and it was none other than Quinn. For a moment, I wondered if he could read minds, then decided it was probably clear on my face. Or he could already read me like a book. I didn't care. I needed someone to connect with. I didn't care who. So, I walked straight at him with my arms out and hugged him. After that, it was natural to hang out together, even after Finnick came home a victor. We were so inseparable, we both knew we were dating even then. But now, I wonder why. He's quickly became jealous, not even letting me see Finnick, worrying I'll fall in love with