Disclaimer: Don't own. A/N: Warnings, as per usual when there's a gigantic AU: female Percy, OOC, AU (naturally, but I thought I would put this in here anyways), good Luke, male Sally, I think there's probably at least quite a few more, but I can't think of them, they're obvious, or they're plot spoilers. So then, I usually don't ask this, but please review! I got this idea one night and couldn't let it go. Damn you plot bunnies! ~Prologue~ A woman walked by herself in the dead middle of the night, relishing in the darkness and quietness of it, and feeling the breeze that was mixed with the smell of the wilderness and the ocean. She actually seemed to draw in the night itself, like she was the source of it, and she also gave off an aura that would send chills down a person's spine. Her appearance didn't help out the aura, either. Black hair that was messy and unruly went down to the middle of her back, and she had pale skin that contrasted that, though the color of her skin made it look like she hadn't been out in the sun for years. Which in truth, she hadn't, but that wasn't really the reason why she was so pale; she was rather tall. Naturally blood red lips added to her beauty, as well as indigo eyes that flickered now and then to midnight blue, like they couldn't decide on which color to stay at. She wore a black dress that went down to just above her knees, and was ruffled and strapless, and she also wore black boots. Overall, she was beautiful, but she was just as equally terrifying. Her name was Nyx. The primordial goddess of the night. The goddess was currently pondering on a little bit of everything and nothing. She was thinking about her great-nephews, and how they had taken that pact to not have any more children, to prevent a prophecy from coming true. Just at the thought, she almost snorted. The key word was 'almost'. Yet, the youngest out of the three of them, Zeus, had already broken that oath. He had fallen in love with a mortal, and had a daughter. Poseidon hadn't fallen for a mortal, and by Nyx's judgment, he probably wouldn't. Tartarus knows that there would be hell to pay for if he did. Hades, however, wouldn't, especially not after the death of his beloved Maria di Angelo decades ago. Then there was the fact that her least favorite nephew, although she couldn't kid herself with the fact she hated all of the six Titans, was rising once more. Slowly, but surely, he was rising. Maybe in about a decade or two, or so, and though he didn't have a body, Nyx didn't have a doubt that he would find some way to rise, probably by means of convincing a demigod. The bastard. Using children as his pawns, of all things! Oh, how much she wanted to torture him for the things that he had done and will do in the future. But she couldn't do a thing, which sometimes just angered her even more. Her soul sang for blood, yet she couldn't do anything about it. Yet, she was alone. What many did not know was that she had divorced her brother, Erebos, a long time ago. Several centuries, in fact. The reasons why were part of a long story, one that towards the end, grew slightly sadistic, not that it really mattered in the end. The Olympians didn't even know about it, thankfully. If they did, they would probably make her and her ex-husband get put into a deep sleep that would last for several millennia. And she did not want that to happen. It wouldn't be fair, either. Just because she was older, it didn't mean that she was evil like the Golden Age titans and titanesses, save for Rhea, Themis, Mnemosyne, and a few others. Alone in a world where she was only allowed out during the night. How fitting. Nyx knew that she shouldn't complain. Some of her sister's offspring had it much worse. Leto and Calypso were in their prisons, because although they were nice, comfortable, and pleasant, they were still prisons. The same went for Rhea, even if she had not fought in the First Titan War, and even though she had helped Zeus make Kronos throw up his five siblings, she was still locked away. The goddess of the night made a note that she would need to visit Rhea, and possibly Leto. She couldn't visit Calypso, as the third generation gods and goddesses did, and that would be a risk of being discovered. Nyx just couldn't allow that. Over the millennia, though, her family had grown distant with her, especially her own daughter, Hemera, the opposite of her, the primordial goddess of the day. Many thought that she was resentful of them, but that was not the case for most. She had grown depressed from being around Erebos, and the fact that she was angry at him only fueled her depression and already bad temper, which caused her a lot of the time to lash out at others. Another one of her daughters, Nemesis, third generation goddess of balance and justice, could tell, and was the one who encouraged her to divorce Erebos, and was there for her to this very day. It was comforting to know she still had a mother-daughter relationship with the goddess, and occasionally her mother, Chaos, when she came every few centuries for a visit to Earth. But other than that, she was alone. Nemesis had suggested she find a new lover, a mortal, and make him immortal, since as a primordial, she could do so if she wished and nobody but Chaos herself could argue with the goddess, but Nyx had refused. Yes, if she met a mortal who met up to her expectations, she would do so, but she had many expectations. The mortal would have to be kind, selfless, loyal, not easily angered, willing to protect family, and good with kids to meet to her standards. And so far, she had not come across a man just like that, with all those expectations. Maybe it wasn't a good thing to expect perfection, because in her eyes a person like that was perfection, but she did anyways. But like she said, she hadn't found a mortal, or at least not a mortal man, whom was like that. And she didn't favor Amphitrite as an enemy. Nor would she want a child born from the Olympians. Not that she had anything against most of them, but it was just the fact that a child of a primordial and god, though she liked to call them third generation as she was a goddess as well, would be too powerful. Way too powerful for her own liking. No, a legacy or pure mortal would be fine for her, though she would make them immortal most likely, the child wouldn't be too powerful, and she wouldn't have to worry about Zeus making the child an outcast or worse, destroying him or her. Nyx let out a sigh. She really was putting too much thought into this. It was extremely unlikely she would ever have another child, no matter how much she wanted one, no matter how much she wanted to hold a baby of her own in her arms, it just couldn't be, no matter how much she wanted, and no matter how hard she cried or wished. Her daughters, the Fates, could be cruel. Many said that that the three got it from her, but that was not true. They got it from their ass of a father, if anything. Still, the thought of a little bundle of joy always made the corners of her lips quirk upwards, if only a little bit. Continuing on her walk, and still pondering her thoughts, she then saw something that pulled her away from them. Something rather odd. In the distance, there was a light, a campfire. Something that shouldn't be there in the middle of the night. The goddess frowned. If anything, this was definitely odd, and possibly a little bit worrying. There shouldn't be a campfire on, as most mortals would be sleeping at this hour in the night, but there this fire was. Maybe somebody had forgotten to put it out, but she didn't like that thought, either. It could cause forest fires, harm animals, and she knew that Artemis would definitely not be happy about a careless mortal forgetting to put out a simple campfire before he or she went to bed. Yet, she could also see a silhouette of a figure, sitting on a log. Curious, she quickly let the darkness make herself invisible, before walking slowly towards the light, remaining cautious, unless this figure was either a monster, a god or goddess, or a demigod. Either of those three were things that she definitely did not want to cross, though usually she would've shadow-travelled or flashed away, her curiosity won the better of her. When she got close enough, she saw that it was a man, writing something, although when she got as far she could get, he scribbled something out of the notebook. He seemed to be tired, judging from how his shoulders were slightly slumped. She wasn't really sure what she should do. The easiest and most probably option would be to get away, go to somewhere else on the world, since she couldn't go back to one of her homes, on Tartarus or at one of the Poles, until Hemera had gone outside, which would not be for quite a while. Yet, this mortal was interesting. Maybe he had insomnia, or since he had a notebook, maybe writers' block? For a few minutes, she just stood perfectly still, watching pencil move on paper, most of the writing being either erased or scribbled out. "I know you're out there," the man said suddenly, "I won't hurt you so you might as well show yourself." Nyx's eyes widened. He could sense her? Well, he was at the very least a clear-sighted mortal. She didn't know really what to think about that. But nevertheless, for some reason she complied, letting the darkness go away from her, unveiling herself from the night. Cautiously, she then took a few steps toward the fire, until the glow separated her from the night. The man looked up from his notebook, pencil still in hand, and smiled. "Thank you for that, I don't think it would be very polite to not invite someone to sit down at the very least. That just wouldn't do." She blinked in surprise, and sat down on the opposite side of the fire. He was the first person besides Nemesis and Chaos to even think about offering her a seat, or to talk to her in a kind way for that matter. He was strange, to put it bluntly. He had brown hair, which was slightly lighter than dark brown, and he looked as if he had been out at a sunny beach all day. Maybe he had. She didn't really know about the weather during the daytime anymore. Sea green eyes looked at her, but not judging her, and she had a feeling if she looked too long, she would get lost in them. Sea green eyes, almost like the ocean at points itself. Yet, as she looked, they turned a sea blue, which befuddled her to say the least. "Maybe I should be thanking you," she said finally. "Not many people willingly show me kindness anymore." He frowned. "Well, if it's okay with you, I'm going to say that maybe they need to look further, because you seem like a nice person. The name's Salus Jackson." "Latin," she noted, and he nodded. "My name's Nyx." Salus nodded again. "The Greek primeval goddess of the night. I take it that