A/N: I own nothing! If I did I'd be awesome! Also I just wanted to explore Katniss and Peeta more right after they came home. It turned out longer than I thought it would though. Sorry. Enjoy! R&R So much has changed so fast. When I found myself back in District 12 I never thought I could have things the same. I knew they were going to be so different, but I never knew that I could have some piece of my old life back. After Peeta returned things were different, not the same. I knew that would happen, but I was so satisfied that he was back at all. We were not even close to what we were on the beach or even before the rebellion, but we were together. At first it was awkward, nerve racking and Haymitch was involved for a little too. He would do the best he could for us by watching us together. He was just as nervous as I was about being around Peeta alone. This feeling of fear would always put me into a downward spiral of guilt, after all, this was the boy who had always protected me, always gave everything he had to make me safe. But the memories of 13 always made me cautious around him. I would go hunt and he would paint, more or less. His painting had taken a turn for the worse though, many of the things he painted he would burn or cover the canvas with black when he was done, and I was never allowed to see them. Honestly I was glad, after seeing his first paintings I was so scared of what the new ones would bring. His eyes were still clear and seemed to clear more every day but he still had episodes, when they came I would be just a terrified as him. He would hurt himself just like he did in the Capitol to try and hold on to where we were at. I could see them coming on, something I say or do that would send him into a terrifying frenzy. But he was strong, a lot stronger than me at least. All these thoughts and memories swirl around in my head as I sit in the woods waiting for some game to run by. I had been getting better at hunting again, letting all that I know fill my head and remembering the times I had with my father out here. I try to steer clear of the memories with Gale, I'm still not ready to face that yet and I know that if I begin down that path then I will have a hard time finding myself back again. I finally opt to just take back the two squirrels I have and maybe I'll get lucky and find something else on the way. My luck was good. Right before I got to the edge of the forest two rabbits ran by and I easily snagged them both. I cleaned my kill and walked back to my house trying to think of what I can cook with these. There was a soft glow coming from inside my house and panic hit me hard. Who was at my house? Peacekeepers? President Snow sitting in my library? Every horrible thing ran through my mind and I also ran back the way I came until I remembered that there were no more peacekeepers or Snow. I fought with my body and suppressed the reaction to run, forcing myself to keep moving forward. My shaking hand reached for the door and I slowly pulled it open. I kept a strong hold onto my bow and was ready to load it if necessary, but then something happened that completely changed everything about what was happening. I was hit with the amazing smell of fresh baked bread, cheese and cinnamon. Peeta was here, Peeta was baking. He hadn't baked in months now and the joy of it overwhelmed me, he was coming back. I dropped everything I was holding, my game bag, my bow, and my quiver in shock. He heard the clatter of things hitting the floor. "Katniss? Is that you?" He sounded like himself too, his sweet voice that called out to me like a life preserve, and I grabbed hold of it. I quickly walked to the kitchen and there he was, pulling a pan of cheese buns out of the oven and getting ready to put cinnamon rolls in. He looked up at me and his clear blue eyes drew me in, this is something that I had missed even though I didn't realize it myself. His smile illuminated his whole face as he took me in and I felt somewhat self conscious since I was in no doubt a dirty mess from being out in the woods all day. "So what did you bring for us to eat? And you might want to go and get cleaned up; we're having company over for dinner tonight. I'll get cooking and you get cleaned." He wore a smile as he looked me over and I came up short. Who was there to have over for dinner? Sure there were a few hundred others that came back but Peeta wasn't likely to hunt them down and invite them over. He must have seen the questions in my eyes because he just laughed and shooed me out of the kitchen. He followed me to the front and picked up the game pack to push me up the stairs before he went back to the kitchen to start cooking. I reluctantly went up the stairs to bathe still concerned about who was going to be here. I didn't really like to be surprised and Peeta knew that, or he did at one point, maybe he doesn't remember. I peeled off my clothes and accidently saw me in the mirror, what a mistake. My body looked like an old doll one of the Seam girls would carry, patched and torn and sewn back together again. My scars from the fire were healing but still on the edges were puckered pink shiny lines that screamed my past and the pain from that day. The other scars that the Capitol could get rid of when they turned me back to Basic Zero Beauty seemed less serious compared to these ones, The only other one screaming for my attention was the one on my left forearm when Johanna had dug out my tracker in the second arena. I quickly turned away from the mirror, the memories threatening to pull me under into my depressed stupor I've tried so hard to get out of. I showered quickly and then pulled on some plain clothes that weren't too fancy but still nicer than what I would wear for hunting. I made my way back to the stairs and the smell of the cooking food was so delicious that I almost ran. I was almost in the kitchen when I stopped short because of the voice I heard from in there. I knew that slur anywhere and was surprised to hear it here. Haymitch hadn't been over to visit in weeks, maybe months even. Then I was brought up short again by another voice that was desperately out of place in my kitchen in District 12. I turned the corner to the kitchen and was shocked to see Effie Trinket standing there looking almost human. She had traded in her crazy hair for a natural up-do with her blond hair, got rid of most of the make-up for only a few lines of pink eyeliner and deep pink lipstick, and her heels were slightly smaller than I had seen her in before, but she was still the height of Peeta in them. As I looked her over she turned as saw my evaluation of her. "Well hello Katniss! What do you think of my new look? I just think it's fabulous. You look well, still a little skinny I see. Peeta here was just telling us how you've caught us an excellent dinner here tonight. I am so happy to see you pet, I've really missed you actually." She blabbed on and on while I just appraised her and slowly walked into the kitchen more. She grabbed me in an embrace and plated a kiss on the top of my head. I smiled at her and held on to her, its strange how I realize that I've actually missed her. We sit down for a nice dinner and I finally can't contain myself anymore, I blurt out, "Effie, why are you here?" I feel bad because I'm met with a shy smile and timid eyes. I follow her eyes to see she's looking over at Haymitch. I whip my head back and forth that it seems comical almost. Haymitch leans back in his chair and take me in, "Yeah, she's here for me, so don't you get any ideas now, sweetheart." I stop a moment to consider that, and then it dawns on me. "Effie, are you seeing Haymitch?! As in like dating him?!" I can't hide the shock that comes now, I think back to our first Hunger Games and the total disdain that she had for our mentor. Effie did not seem like a woman who would settle for anyone which made me wonder what Haymitch had done to win her over. My question is replied by a sly smile from Peeta and Effie reaching out to take Haymitch's hand in her own. My mind is blown away and I almost forget about the food on my plate but my gawking must have been too much because Haymitch kicks my chair and keeps eating himself. When we have finished eating to the point where everyone is full Haymitch and Effie retire back to his house while Peeta stays behind to clean up. I'm so happy for them but I know the happiness won't keep the nightmares away. Peeta has been back for a few months now and he hasn't stayed with me once. I always want him to stay but can never try and ask him to. He is washing the dishes by hand and I walk up with a towel to dry them. We don't say anything for a long time while we clean; finally I look up to break the silence to find Peeta is already looking at me. He looks at my face long and hard and I wonder what he sees, a poor broken girl that lost so much? A strong Mockingjay that changed the world? A terrible Capitol mutt set to hurt him? I can never know but it's almost as if he can read my thoughts, or the pain in my eyes. "Katniss, I'm so sorry." This catches me off guard, what on earth does he have to be sorry about? He has saved me so many times and even knows he's fighting to save me still. He keeps on talking when I don't say anything. "I'm sorry for what I did back in 13, I'm sorry for what I said about you, I have no idea what I was thinking, other than I wasn't thinking…I can never make those times right, but I'll try to. I'll be here for you like I should've been all along. I'll fight for you." I have no idea what to say, I was so caught off guard, the intensity in his eyes makes me almost scared, then I feel guilty because I know in this moment he won't hurt me. His eyes are the clearest I've seen them since before the first Games. I drop the dish in my hand and wrap my arms around his middle. Tears silently roll down my face, I knew I missed this, but the longing I felt in the pit of my stomach now was overwhelming. He pulled me back and saw the tears in my eyes. "I knew