Outside, the rain is falling steadily, and the Victors' Village is quiet. Inside, Annie's baking to try to calm her jagged nerves, but her hands are shaky, and it's not going well. Maybe instead of using her knife to try to carve out fun shapes in the dough, she'll just use the standard round cookie cutter. That's not one of the things they warn you about when they're talking about the aftermath of the Hunger Games. Your cookies will be boring. And burnt, when the timer on the stove goes off and scares you and you hide before you can take them out. Eventually the smoke alarm goes off and the Village is so quiet everyone can hear it, and they come banging on your door... The part with the smoke alarm didn't happen...she thinks. But the images in her mind are as vivid as if it did. Annie doesn't use the timer any more. Instead, she sits facing the clock, writes down on her cooking notepad the time at which they should be done, then tries to note the current time on the paper once a minute, until she reaches the "cookies done" time. Overkill for anyone else, but it keeps her from zoning out too much. Eight to ten minutes is a really long time. Once she gets a batch to come out right, she'll send some home with Marcus, the boy she pays to run her errands, and ask him to take some over to the other Victors' houses, especially Donn. Maybe it'll make up for yesterday. Can you be humiliated at your own behavior and furious at someone else's at the same time? When they were only trying to help? Annie feels like she should be extra nice to Donn, who mentored the boy who died protecting her, but she's learned two things since coming back from the arena. One, everyone has been extremely nice to the mad girl. Two, nice is not the same thing as helpful. I wasn't going to do anything. I just needed to lock myself in the bathroom until you all went away. Foam, Donn's wife, had rattled the doorknob, making Annie scream in wordless panic that was contagious, until everyone fled and Mags was summoned. Mags is the cavalry around here, Annie's learning. At least Mags left her alone after extracting a promise that she wouldn't hurt herself. But Annie spent the night curled up in the tub, the smallest safe place she could find without leaving the bathroom, and every muscle is protesting today. She just hopes the cookies can get her to stop reliving her nightmares. Seven minutes. Three since her last mark on the page. Focus , Annie tells herself. One per minute. Almost there. The pen goes flying at the sound of rattling at her doorknob, and she jumps to her feet wildly. No, no, they've come back...But what if it's not them, what if it's Peacekeepers? What if it's my aunt, demanding more money? What if- "Hey," a cheerful voice calls through the closed door. "This week's pills. Marcus called in sick." The voice is familiar, but through the panic it still takes her time to place it. Then more time to decide how to act, while she stands frozen in the middle of the kitchen where she leapt out of her chair. Embarrassed by her own indecision, Annie finally breaks it and heads for the front door. The door starts opening just as Annie's getting to it, and she takes two quick steps back. "I was just going to drop them on the floor inside," Finnick explains, pulling Mags' key out of the knob. "Didn't want them disappearing if I left them on the porch. Food delivery tomorrow." "Okay." Annie swallows, and accepts her medication. "Thank you." She wonders if he's heard about yesterday's fiasco, and then wonders how quickly she can close the door and still be polite before she has to find out that the answer is 'yes'. She's no longer quite so afraid he'll hurt her, but he'll laugh at her. Finnick leans against the doorjamb, not in a way that blocks her from closing the door on him, but smiling like he wants to chat. "Haven't seen you in a while." Don't ask me how I am, don't ask me how- "Hope the pills are helping. Cooking something?" Finnick asks, sniffing the air through the doorway. Annie jumps again, this time in frustration at herself. "Damn!" She runs to the kitchen, fumbles with the potholders, then remembers she should have turned off the stove first, and finally gets the door open and the tray out. The cookies are overdone, of course. Growing up, she would have cried with joy over a burnt cookie. In the Village, she can't distribute these as gifts. Annie can't take it any more. With an inarticulate scream of fury, she turns around and hurls the contents of the tray into the kitchen behind her. Coming inside the kitchen, Finnick throws up his arms instinctively and turns his face away. "Aahh!" Annie gasps, afraid she's hurt him, but he's straightening a second later, having managed to even catch one in mid-air. "Food fight!" he cries, and hurls it back at her. With quick reflexes, Annie hoists up the tray she's holding in front of her, causing the cookie to shatter on impact and crumble to the floor. "Not fair," Finnick complains, "you have a shield." "But it's too hot," Annie says, and sets it down on the stove before it can burn through the potholders to her hands. She grabs a handful of cookies that fell to the floor at her feet and throws them at him. Cookies fly back and forth until there's nothing but crumbs left, and Annie's sitting on the floor laughing and pretending she's not crying. Laughing too, Finnick sits down cross-legged on the floor opposite her. "Man, those things were lethal weapons." "Guess they had to be good for something. Do you know that's the second batch I've burned?" she complains, her voice wavering. "Can't get anything right-" "Well, this one was clearly my fault," Finnick says before she can finish that sentence, "so I owe you a batch of cookies, that's all. Besides, third time's the charm, right?" Annie pushes a pile of crumbs around with her fingers. "I wish." In an instant, Finnick's on his feet. "Where's your broom? I'll help clean up, since I take responsibility for distracting you, and I'll bring you replacements from the bakery cafe on Fifth. Sugar cookies? How many?" "It's not the same," Annie grumbles, before she can realize how rude that sounds, "they're supposed to be for other people, and cooking's supposed to be my new hobby..." "Food fighting is my new hobby." Finnick grabs the broom from the corner. "Hey, looks like you still have cookie dough on the counter. How long does it take?" Annie gets up to fetch the dustpan and takes the broom from him. She's the one who threw the cookies in the first place. "Less than fifteen minutes, but I keep getting distracted anyway, and I'm not really in the mood now." "What if I offer to get them out on time? I owe you one. And I've been trained to keep track of time." "Really?" Annie looks up from her sweeping, curious. "Yeah, they didn't want us falling asleep when we were supposed to be on guard in the arena. So they'd get us sleep-deprived, then partner us up in a dark room in the academy, and have us trade three-hour shifts on guard. To make sure we were staying alert, and to avoid doing anything that might wake us up if we'd fallen asleep, they'd use a laser to silently flash random numbers on the opposite wall. In the morning, you and your partner had to be able to recount the numbers you saw and the approximate time at which you saw them. So you were counting on your partner to get the ones that were shown when you were asleep." "Wow. What'd they do if you couldn't?" "If either of you screwed up, you and your partner were banned from the academy for three days. Even the one who got theirs right. Rudder said performances got a lot better after he introduced the 'and your partner' part. Kids can maybe shrug off their own lack of effort, but not if their peers are furious at them." Annie dumps the first full dustpan into the bin. This is going to take a while. "So that makes you an expert on-time cookie-retriever?" Finnick bows. "A man of many talents. Want to give it a shot?" Annie considers. She's having a rough day. But she's had worse. He seems genuinely to want to help. And here she is, talking with him again, like they never run out of things to say. "Here, what do you do with this stuff?" Finnick is poking at the dough in the big silver bowl, which he's placed on the table. "You have to tell people I helped." "You get the rolling pin and roll it out. Here, you finish sweeping, I'll do it. And you can watch them in the oven." With someone to talk to and play with, making yet another attempt at baking isn't rubbing in failure as much as it would be if Annie were alone. Obediently, Finnick takes the broom. "Remember, if I hadn't come over with my spectacularly bad timing, we wouldn't have had the food fight. Which, by the way, thank you for being game for. You're officially the only one in this place who's any fun." "What, the kids outgrew playing with their food?" Annie sticks out her tongue. Donn's grandkids are seven and nine. "Yeah, they're too mature for us," Finnick retorts. "Anyway, you started it, which gets you points in my book." I guess there are worse people who could have caught me having a tantrum over cookies. Once Annie's finished forming the dough into cookies and put them in the oven, they sit down at the table, Finnick with one eye on the clock. "So where's this bakery you were talking about?" she asks. "Can I send Marcus?" "You can go yourself if you want. It's only a few minutes from the gate of the Village." "I'm sure ten miles is only a few minutes for you," Annie grants, "but some of us take a few minutes just to get to the gate." Finnick laughs at the teasing. "A few blocks. Six. Something like that. I'll show you if you want to go." "Maybe some other time." It's what Annie always says when someone makes this offer. Finnick's eyes are roaming the room, and when he spots the notepad on the table in front of her, he gestures toward it with his chin. "Keeping track of time?" "Trying to," Annie says. Her hand crumples the top sheet of paper up. Of course he can read upside down and see how pathetic she is. Normal people just make a mental note of the time and take the cookies out when they're done. She changes the subject, fishing for small talk. "Why isn't the Victors' Village on the beach?" "Too important for commerce," Finnick explains. "Even back in Mags' day, before they started building any villages, all the ocean front property was taken. It was a choice between putting the Village on the beach in the middle of nowhere, or putting it near restaurants and shops, but also near the docks. The populated part of Four is a long thin line along the coast." Annie's disappointed. "So there's nowhere quiet around here?" Finnick grew up in this neighborhood, but she lived so far south you have to take a ferry to get there. She knew people her age who did, attracted by the academy, but she never came here before the Capitol dropped her off in this house, and she hasn't left