Johanna can't even rage this time. She has hope, and hope is scaring her worse than anything. District Four will start the rebellion. We'll join them. There won't be a Quarter Quell. It won't happen. It can't happen. She paces the house, biting her nails, waiting for...something. Finnick said the fighting would break out by the end of the year! She's been watching the news obsessively all year. Of course the Capitol will try to downplay any unrest, but she wants a whiff of anything that'll tell her something is happening. Instead, she's gotten a vomit-inducing amount of Katniss Everdeen, and she resents the girl now more than ever. Abernathy sobers up for you and started schmoozing the Gamemakers like there's no tomorrow, and Finnick disappears into the Capitol. Next thing you know, Crane's announcing a rule change. Now your little trick with the berries is going to get us all killed. And here she'd always thought at least Blight kept it together enough to be presentable in public, while Abernathy was an embarrassment to his district. But nobody sobers up to mentor Johanna, no. Of course not. When she can't stand it any more, she bangs her way into Blight's house, the first time she's been in there. He's still sitting in front of the blank television, stunned, like he hasn't moved since the announcement. Johanna hasn't done anything but move. "So that's why we woke up to so many Peacekeepers," is all he says when he finally raises his head to meet her stare. She'd noticed it too: six Peacekeepers pacing the streets of the Village, instead of the usual two. "It's going to be us," she says numbly, like some kind of idiot who goes around stating the obvious. "It's going to be you, maybe," Blight corrects, sounding remarkably uninterested. At her quizzical look, he elaborates, "Getting crowned. Not me." "Thanks for the vote of confidence." It comes out less sarcastic than she intended. Right now, a vote of confidence from Blight is all she has. "Are they going to have enough tributes to pull this off?" She paces in Blight's living room while she runs through her memory. "Damn them, they are." She glances at Blight on the couch, and his eyes meet hers, but both of them are thinking the same thing. Even if it messed up the numbers for the Capitol, neither of them is going to take themselves out of the running early. If you want us dead, you're going to have to kill us. "You want a drink? I need a drink." Blight finally rises, like Johanna's arrival has broken his paralysis. Johanna does, she wants it so badly that she finds herself reaching for the offered glass. She wants a drink, she wants her pills, anything. The numbness that she'd fought so hard for so long she'd welcome now. And the hell of it is, she could go back on the pills more easily than she got off them. Sleep through the Hunger Games, wake up dead. But she stops herself even as her fingers are closing around the glass. "Can't. I have to get ready." At Blight's look, admiring, envious, and skeptical all at once, some of her fire starts to return. "You think the Careers are drinking?" she challenges him. Finnick called her an honorary Career, and now she has to think like one, if she wants to live up to that salute. Pay attention to her diet, train every day, don't overdo it. No academy? Fine, she'll train herself. Besides, if I start, I may not be able to stop. That's one thing the Capitol taught her about herself when they got her started on pills. "Champagne, maybe," Blight says cynically. "Oh, fuck them!" Johanna chokes. "They better not. They better know I'm coming for them." "Better if they don't," Blight warns her. "You won't be underestimated this time." Johanna takes her fire and stokes it. "Oh, yes, I will," she promises herself. Seven's tributes have a long history of going out in the bloodbath because the lumberjacks are taken seriously as opponents, but she's going to make it past the first day, and she's going out with a kill. "Excuse me, I have a busy summer ahead." The first thing she does is head into town, to look at the selection of food on offer and see what strikes her as a Career menu. The entire way to Despard, she has a Peacekeeper escort. Making a break for it is out of the question. They stand outside the store, waiting patiently without acknowledging her. She can tell this is how it's going to be until the Reaping. Inside, no one meets Johanna's eyes. The shopkeeper accepts her money while staring at the countertop, and the other two customers shuffle away and become totally engrossed by the selection on the shelves, like being a victor is contagious. She wants to shout at them not to treat her like a leper, but she's been a stranger in their midst for four years, and that's not going to change now. She finishes her transaction in the conspiracy of silence imposed on her. On her way out the door, Johanna catches sight of her own personal Grim Reapers, and suddenly she has to say something. In a voice that they can hear in front of and behind her, she issues her battle cry. "Four victors from Seven. Two of them me!" No one says anything, but she can feel the vibrations in the tense atmosphere. The dead one. The zombie one. And her. Without waiting for a response, because she wasn't talking to them, Johanna heads home. But as she's putting her food away, she's got more on her mind than just her diet, or even the Quarter Quell. She's as good as promised Finnick, and by extension District Four, that she'd make herself useful here in Seven. But she was expecting a little more time and a little more communication. All Johanna knows is that they need lumber, and so, obviously, she should keep the lumber exports up. But she doesn't know how to do that except by encouraging submission to the Capitol. Which she could do, as a victor. But this is not a happy district, and she doesn't want to discourage resistance. She thinks she was supposed to wait until the revolution started, encourage resistance, but make sure lumber went specifically to Four. But now she doesn't know how to wait until the revolution starts, now that her days are numbered in weeks. She'll die in the arena, without any chance to fight back. Unless Four has a plan to keep the Hunger Games from happening. She doesn't. She can't. So she trains. When the phone rings one evening, Johanna doesn't even jump. She just stops her pacing in confusion, wondering what on earth that sound is. When she finally traces it to her living room, she stares at the phone like she's never seen one. She has no friends. She hasn't given her number to anyone. Maybe the Capitol, calling its victors with instructions for the Quell? The rings keep echoing through the house, unrelenting. Not sure what she's going to say if it is, say, the President, Johanna picks up the phone. She's met with a light voice on the edge of laughter, so far from what she was expecting to hear that it takes her a minute to place it. "Finnick?!" Johanna sinks into the excessively padded chair by the end table, clutching the handset in shaking hands. "How did you get my number? Even I don't know my number!" Finnick chuckles but doesn't give away his secrets. He gets straight to business. "I imagine you've heard the news. Just thought I'd call and give you a heads-up out of professional courtesy. Mags and I are planning to volunteer." All right, this is code. This is code for the rebellion, and she has to be sharp enough to decipher it over a tapped line. "Okay...I'm ready," she promises him. Whatever it is you guys need, just tell me. "You'll have to be," Finnick agrees. "A district like yours, with only two living victors, you're not going to have a say about ending up in the arena. Here in Four, maybe, we have more options, but the way we figure it, victors are going in and dying no matter what. We have no control over that part. So Mags and I will be in the arena." "In the arena," she echoes. You mean in the front lines. "In the arena," he repeats, placing ever so slight a stress on arena . "Certainly not what anyone was planning, but there is absolutely no way to avoid the Quarter Quell, so we make adjustments. I'll be seeing you in the arena, and I was hoping we could talk arena strategy. "Odds are there'll be an axe in the Cornucopia," Finnick continues. "The audience has probably already forgotten you didn't use one last time. You're District Seven, you're famous now, so that's what they'll be expecting from you. And with the kind of shape most of the other tributes are in, like Mags, they'll be seeing you as one of the competitors this time around." "In the arena," she says. Please tell me we're talking about a rebellion. "I know you're in shock too. We all are. It'll be you and Blight, since neither of you will have a choice. Very few districts will have a choice: One, Two, and Four have made close to a clean sweep since the early years. So I'll be volunteering to go into the arena a second time." Finnick's making it as clear as he can. He knows what she's thinking, and that's why he keeps repeating himself. District Four could start rebelling now and maybe not send tributes. But the other districts won't have a choice. But none of this explains why Finnick is coming to kill them. Johanna's not sure where to go with this information. Something is off, and for the life of her she can't figure out what. "Is this an invitation into the Career pack?" "Well," Finnick says easily, "the Career pack depends on who comes from One and Two. But I definitely want you on my side." Are we starting a rebellion in the arena? Is he saying Four's going to ally with the outlying districts? "You know I'm with you," Johanna says, but hesitantly. She wishes she knew what was going on. Dammit, if she were in Four, she could be in on this plan. Why did she wait so long to decide that they were for real? She could have proposed a year sooner. For the same reason that even after Finnick hangs up, Johanna sits there trying to decide if there is a rebellion. Why send tributes to the arena if you don't have to? Why postpone a rebellion that you've been planning for decades, just to throw two of your best people away? The only thing that makes sense is that the rebellion is an illusion, and Panem's youngest victor wants to be its only twice-crowned victor. That would mean Mags just wants to keep Annie safe, which is believable enough. Either way, Johanna's going back. So she trains. The Peacekeepers continue their silent vigil, without interfering, as she sprints through the Village or finds trees to chop. They don't even say anything when one of her trees lands on an empty house, wrecking the roof. They want a show? She'll give them a show. Strength, speed, agility, axe-hurling and spear-throwing. She could be better, but she's not going down easy. Planning to take out these Careers? Her dad's query is mild. At least one! Johanna's heart is racing and her breaths coming in gasps. It's easy to attribute this to exertion, as she swings her axe hard and fast at the line she's marked out on the tree. Are you coming to