This is the sequel to Mags' Weapon . You'll need to have read that first. I'll wait... If you've already read Mags' Weapon , but you read it before June 2017, you'll want to reread chapters 4 and especially 5, which I rewrote substantially. Okay! If you've made it this far, this is the beginning of an 8-part canon-divergent AU that, like Mags' Weapon , ignores virtually everything about Mockingjay , including plot, backstory, and characterization. It'll take a while to post all 50 or so chapters, but this is a finished work, no need to worry about it being abandoned. You can expect one chapter every Friday night for a while; then I'm expecting to pick up the pace. Now without further ado, let the several hundred thousand words of Finnick fic begin. Finnick takes the octopus out of his suitcase, then he puts it back in. The cavernous space inside dwarfs the tiny driftwood carving, but without it, the suitcase has nothing to hold. He has no excuse for bringing anything practical to the Capitol. Can he get away with something sentimental like this octopus? Trying to decide, Finnick traces his fingertips along the seven and a half tentacles, two lopsided eyes, and aborted attempt at suction cups on one tentacle. Annie was planning to throw it out and try again, but Finnick fell in love with it instantly, declared it a victor of the Octopus Games, and started it doing a wobbly dance in his hands. While she was bent over laughing, he pocketed it, angling it away from her snatching hands. "Don't show that to anyone!" Annie ordered, outraged. "Come on, I want something that reminds me of laughing with you." She hesitated, and Finnick urged, "It's just for me, I promise." Annie narrowed her eyes but let it go. "All right, but when I figure out how to carve an octopus that looks like an octopus, I'm making you take that one too. And show it to people." She never did. Finnick made too big a fuss over the damaged one being perfect. Now he's cradling it again, trying to figure out whether bringing it will be too suspicious. Maybe if he lies about where it came from. That? he imagines himself saying to Dahlia when they're married. I've had it since I was a kid. It has a certain district charm, she acknowledges politely. They say no more about it. Eventually, it falls behind the cabinet, where it's swept up by an Avox and cast into a dustbin. Finnick takes the octopus out again, completely at a loss. He never understood district tokens before this. They always seemed like a distraction. Who would choose sentiment over survival? But never before has he left District Four without expecting to see it again. He's torn between wanting something to keep him from being alone in the Capitol, and not wanting to let them touch anything that belongs here. His trident, for instance. Finnick knows his fans will eat up the moment when he steps off the train holding it, and that's a photo op he doesn't have the option of turning down. So it's lying on the bed above the suitcase. If he doesn't bring the octopus, though, then he'll only ever have a trident to keep him from being all-Capitol. Finnick finally puts the octopus back in its drawer. It's only a stand-in for his real dilemma, anyway. How is he going to break the news to Annie? She thinks they're home free, because Mags is here and in better shape than anyone had the right to expect. Finnick, though, knows that sneaking into the Capitol out of season is one thing, easily overlooked with a little money in the right hands. But Finnick tugging on his network of contacts and commandeering an impressive array of resources on no notice will have Snow lying awake at night wondering what Finnick's capable of, if Finnick doesn't do something, now. He did his best to make his stay in the Capitol look innocent on camera. Now he's quietly packing his bags at home and preparing to move there permanently, hoping Snow will see that he knows better than to try to get away with anything. There are worse marriages I could make, Finnick tries telling his shaking hands. I always knew any marriage I ended up in would be arranged, and I'd count myself lucky if it was arranged by Mags and not Snow. I never minded before. 'Before', of course, was before Annie. Annie, who's finally letting him live with her. But if losing Mags and Annie is the price he has to pay for saving Mags, then he'll do what he has to do. He always does. If you don't pay the price, they will. You've got currency as a high-profile victor, maybe enough to absorb the punishment for this infraction. Snow just wants obedience. That's all he wants. Submit before he asks, and maybe District Four will be safe. The revolution planning can carry on without him. He may have to accept that moving to the Capitol without a fight will be his last contribution. And what if Mags is right, and the war breaks out sooner rather than later, and he's in the Capitol? Finnick can't concentrate a moment longer. With his suitcase still open and empty, he flies out of his house. Sprinting down the street to Mags' place, desperate to put his head in Annie's lap. He's so intent on his goal that, when he reaches Mags' front door, he almost crashes into Annie coming out. Both her arms are full with bags. "Annie?" Finnick freezes. "Where-" "I'm sorry." She stares straight ahead without looking at him. "I have to live alone. I tried." Annie pushes past him down the porch stairs, on a single-minded mission to get home. "I'm sorry." Finnick knows her in this mood, knows if he lets her go, she'll do whatever she needs to do, and let him wrap her in his arms in a day or two. It still breaks him, every time. Now he's at Mags' house, with nowhere else to go. At a loss, he opens the door and staggers in, not even looking where he's going. He curses when he trips over her spare cane, belatedly remembering that they'd rearranged everything. Mags is lying in bed in the living room. Her eyes open when he comes in to check on her. "You okay?" She nods. "Annie tell you she's moving out?" Finnick shoves his hands into his pockets, physically hauling himself back from hovering. Mags nods again. Her eyes close. "I see. Well. I'll be...upstairs. If you need anything." With that, he goes back to the room that used to be his and Annie's and starts pacing. It was easier to go down to the academy or to the sea when he knew Annie was here for Mags. But he has to get used to leaving Mags on her own. Let Annie go. Let Mags go. Do the responsible thing, and live with it. With the water from the shower head pouring down over him, Finnick stares blankly at the bar of soap in his hand, trying to remember if he's scrubbed down yet. Did he do it on autopilot while compulsively replaying the images of his future in the Capitol? He has no idea how long he's been standing here. Is he losing time? He thinks maybe he hasn't used the soap yet, because he's feeling the urge to grab the washcloth and start in, but he's afraid of that too. Finnick's always sworn he'll never start trying to scrub his skin off, and so far he's held himself to that promise. His body is his, it's a tool, and it serves him well. There's no shame in it. One good rubdown, make sure to get all the nooks and crannies, and stop. If he's somewhere where he genuinely needs more work, that's what stylists are for. But if he really has been standing here motionless all this time, wondering why Annie moved out and whether he can promise to do better if she tells him what he did wrong, then he needs to clean up. What did he do wrong? You're exhausting Mags. And it's exhausting me to try to deflect your intensity. Maybe he should move out too. He's not stupid, he knows Mags is having to make up work to keep him busy. But soon he's going to be living with Dahlia, and he'll be lucky if he's allowed anywhere near Mags once a year. And if anything happens to Mags and Annie has to mentor with...who? Donn? Rudder? There'll be nothing he can do. Mags will ask him to move out if he's too much to handle, won't she? She's never had a problem being blunt. And here he is, still with no idea where in the showering process he is. Finnick stares blankly down, trying to figure it out. The washcloth's wet, but where he's got it hanging, it would be wet anyway. At least there's no reason to suspect a hidden camera here in Mags' bath. He's never been sure about his own. Finnick's hand clenches convulsively, and the soap goes flying with a crash to the bottom of the tub. Cursing, he tries to grab it, but it slips between his fingers and goes sliding down behind him to the drain. Now he's kneeling and feeling around blindly, trying to pretend the stinging in his eyes is from the water. Trust Mags to have the same plain soap cakes you'll find anywhere in this district, Finnick thinks irrelevantly. He can't get away with anything less than twenty bottles, even here, or someone will complain. Hands jerking as he pulls up the soap, Finnick tells himself to get it together. Pretty soon he won't have the luxury of a private shower. Finish here, let himself scrub exactly once just in case he hasn't already, and go see if Mags—no, Annie—no, Rudder—needs anything. It's dark enough, Finnick tells himself as he settles in on Annie's porch. No one will see him. He won't go in, but he doesn't want to go too far from Mags tonight, and it's not like he's going to sleep. So he might as well sit here. From here, you can see Mags' house, but that's not the real reason he picked this spot. He can hear Annie moving around inside, and he just wants to pretend. And maybe he wants to sit outside for a while, drink in the Village before he has to leave. Annie's house, Mags' house...he passed Rudder's on the way here. The light's off, which tells Finnick Rudder hasn't gotten back from the academy yet. There are no lights anywhere in the Village, in fact, though he can see some outside. Finnick glances up at the sky, but it's a gleaming white, typical for this time of year. Too foggy for stars. He's heard that there are places outside the bright nightlife of the Capitol where you can go to watch the stars on a clear night. Dahlia will probably want to take him. If she hasn't had her hovercraft completely confiscated, maybe he can even find out what the stars look like from the air. Finnick knows he needs to come up with things to look forward to. That's how he's survived every encounter with his clients, no matter how unpleasant. He always finds something he can enjoy, even if it's just an ego trip. Resentment is a luxury he can't afford. Stars, then. And the timing is good, Finnick tells himself, trying to believe it. Now he won't spend the rest of his life feeling like his marriage kept him from living with Annie. Now he knows that's not an option. And maybe it's better that he be forced to leave, so he can't resent Annie, not even a little bit, for not letting him