It's hours after sunset, and Mags is tracking her favorite student through the streets. He's very bright, but he's only nine, and now that she knows what he's up to, she has no trouble following him away from her house, out of the Victors' Village, and into town. He heads toward the old warehouse that serves as District Four's training academy for the Hunger Games, but he doesn't go inside. From around the corner, she watches Finnick walk slowly and silently down the alley. He hugs the near wall, stepping lightly over the scattered junk with experienced movements. Then he slides down under a pile of discarded nets and wrapping paper for fish. Mags raises her eyebrows, impressed. Both camouflage and warmth. For this is where he intends to spend the night. Mags knows why he doesn't want to spend the night at home. She stands here in the darkness shaking her head affectionately at this boy, because in sixty-five years she's seen a lot of children reluctant to go home, but never for this reason. She's recently become aware that Finnick's parents are opposed to his training. Even this much is unusual. Parents are sometimes proud, sometimes indifferent. Some put pressure on their children to perform well. Others have mixed feelings. But almost everyone is at least a little relieved to know their kid has a better-than-average chance of coming home. Finnick's parents, though, are so extreme in their views that that Mags has had to call over trainers to stop them from physically retrieving their son. After the two failed invasions of the academy, they haven't come back, but Finnick's home life has become correspondingly more difficult. He hides the marks of discipline well, and it hasn't stopped him from throwing everything he has into the physical aspects of training. Meanwhile, his ever-ready laughter has become louder and more abrasive, and the intensity in his eyes borders on the feverish. If he's not going home, it's not because his parents are hurting him. It's because they're keeping him from training. Finnick, only Finnick. She was wondering what to do about this situation, when he approached her one day after the strategy lesson she gave. Prepared to give him what little support she can to kids in his position, Mags was caught off guard when Finnick didn't even broach the subject. No, he was there to ask for more training. Strategy lessons aren't challenging enough for him, and he wants to go over the tapes of every previous year with her, so he can pick her brain for all the commentary she can come up with. Telling him she doesn't want to make the other students jealous, Mags started giving him surreptitious lessons in her living room, where she can keep a closer eye on him. She's not supposed to play favorites, but Finnick knows the way to her heart. Most of the boys who are good at weapons aren't interested in more than the bare minimum requirements of her arena strategy class. Most go in wielding their spears brashly and die within a few days, if not minutes. Her students are usually the girls and smaller boys who know they're going to need their brains if they're to survive. Finnick's special, and Mags can't walk away. She's been watching him, without saying anything, for signs of burnout, but she's seen none. Instead, she's found signs that he sleeps out of doors, which is what brings her to this alley tonight. The disadvantage of his chosen hiding place is that it has no exit when she starts walking up the alley. It terminates in a blind brick wall that he can't scale. She'll have to talk to him about that. He chooses instead to lie perfectly still as she approaches. Mags guesses approvingly that he's breathing shallowly, hoping to go unnoticed. She kneels on the hard cement beside him, ignoring the twinge in her knees. A slow drizzle is beginning, and her joints are always stiffer in the rain. "Finnick," she whispers. "It's just me. Mags." "Go away," is his predictable response. "You're ruining it." Mags just as predictably ignores him. "I found you first," she warns. "The Peacekeepers will find you next. If they find you next to the academy, and they know you're in training, they'll figure out why you're out past curfew. We're breaking a rule they don't care about by having training in the first place, but if we start violating curfew to practice sleeping in the elements, they'll start caring about the no-training rule." "Did you notice I missed training the last two nights?" Finnick demands. "I noticed," Mags says mildly. Training is wholly voluntary, and few of the children come every day. Especially at his age, when he can't be reaped. Only in the last year or two do most of them get freaked out enough to want to wring every drop out of the academy. "My parents locked me inside. Again. I keep going home to see if sleeping here has convinced them they can't keep me away, but they're very stubborn." Ever careful of his pride, Mags keeps a firm clamp on her laughter. 'They're very stubborn' indeed. Says the boy who's sleeping beneath a pile of junk in an alley in the rain. "I can't risk them shutting down the academy," Mags says. "I can't risk not being prepared," Finnick rejoins. "I know. So if you come back to my place for another strategy lesson, we'll break out the tapes and you can stay till morning. Get whatever sleep you need on the couch, and then you can go straight to school in the morning." Finnick will never accept pity, but she can hear him thinking about this. "More training instead of less?" "Exactly," Mags assures him. "I've never had a student as dedicated as you." He may be studying strategy from her, but he doesn't know enough yet to detect when her strategies are working on him. Without further argument, Finnick follows Mags home, and she breathes more easily. She wasn't lying about her fears of the academy being shut down, or she'd be having all her students sleep out of doors. But she carefully made no part of her arguments about her fears of him growing up alone and hardened by his conflicts with his parents. Understanding his need to play tough, Mags doesn't react to his defensiveness when he gets home and starts complaining that he doesn't want to be here. "You have the right idea," she agrees with him that night when he resentfully pulls the blanket she gave him up over his head. "I've been trying to get the authorities to let the trainees do that for years, but they've been adamant." Mags turns off the floor lamp and turns to go upstairs. "Do they want us to die?" Finnick mutters angrily, and, he thinks, rhetorically. The Peacekeepers at least usually want a victor from the district they're assigned to. That's one reason everyone overlooks training. "Yes, Finnick, they do," Mags says bluntly. She can't see his face, but the form under the blanket stiffens. "You need to get used to that idea. I want you to survive, and I will do everything in my power to help prepare you." "You're the only one." Still angry, but it's an opening. Mags and Finnick try to keep his presence at her house under wraps. The other victors are going to notice, of course. But it's best not to flaunt it. Despite what she's told Finnick, Mags isn't really concerned about the other trainees. Children go to school and work if they're under twelve, and work all day if they're over twelve. Either way, they show up to the academy late in the evening or early in the morning, then train until they can't take it any more. No one wants even more lessons than the program provides. Only Finnick, passionate to the point where everyone thinks he's insane. She's more concerned about losing the battle to his parents. Obviously, it would be much better for Finnick if they took him back and let him continue training. She's not trying to keep him from his family. But she does worry about the lengths Finnick might go to if he were forced back into his parents' care and not allowed to return to the academy. Much better that he grow up with her to look out for him, than whatever his nine-year-old brain comes up with as a solution. His parents can't make it past the gate to the Village, but Mags has a lot of arguments with them at the academy that year. Finnick keeps alternating sleeping at her place with going home, trying to wear them down, but his disappearing act doesn't sway them any more than beating him or locking him in sways him. The impasse continues unabated. Mags tries and tries, and most of all she tries to shield Finnick. She's careful never to express even frustration with his parents in front of him, much less anything stronger. But nothing she says or does makes a dent in their conviction that training to kill other children is unforgivable. The Sixtieth Hunger Games are approaching when Mags admits defeat. One evening, Finnick comes over and freezes at the sight of the empty couch where a pillow should be sitting atop a folded blanket. Mags follows his gaze. "I can't keep you on my couch forever." "I can't go home," Finnick insists, readying himself for another fight. Knowing him, he probably has another sleeping spot picked out. "Unfortunately, I agree with you." Smiling slightly, she gestures up the stairs. "I fixed you up a room this morning. This is your home now." A complicated look crosses the boy's face, but he nods briskly, as though it means nothing. How much it means shows when she leads Finnick to his new room after their lesson, and he folds his arms tightly across his chest, turning his face away from her. "I'll be just down the hall," Mags says. She closes the door behind him, leaving him to his privacy. Then she wonders what on earth she's going to do now. With relief, Mags opens the door to Pearleye, formerly her student, now Director of Finance in District Four. Together they're planning for District Four to secede from Panem, many years from now. But today it's not for political machinations that Mags has invited her ally and friend over. She needs advice on a more personal matter. They settle on the couch together with drinks, and Pearleye opens with politics, as usual. "I'm thinking of applying for mayor when Grebe's term expires next year," Pearleye tells Mags. "I think I've got a good shot at getting it." Mags hmms to herself. Pros and cons, pros and cons. "You don't think it's too soon?" she finally ventures. It would be nice to have Pearleye as mayor when the time for secession comes, and the time isn't coming in the next five years. "Too soon?" Pearleye shrugs. "Maybe so. But I'm not getting any younger." That's the problem with planning a revolution that takes decades. Nobody wants to spend their lives in service of a war that they may never live to see break out. But Four doesn't have the military resources to challenge the Capitol yet, which is what the Career academy is intended to produce. It's not the victors, but the Careers who don't end up in the arena, who are going to make the difference between a district with a militia and a district without a chance. Mags is always walking thin lines between twofold dangers. Letting the revolution peter out. Rushing into it unprepared and being bombed into the ground. Sending all their best people into the arena to die. Getting no victors, no winnings, and, eventually, no reason for the Capitol to permit the illicit academy to exist at all. Mags takes a deep breath.