AN: If you've read this before, chapters 4 and especially 5 have been rewritten. (If you got notifications for chapters 6-9, sorry, I couldn't figure out how to post a new chapter out of order on FFN. It's really 4 and 5 that're new.) If not, welcome! It's the prequel to a canon-divergent AU that ignores everything from Mockingjay: plot, characterization, backstory, everything. It's thus more or less consistent with Catching Fire, but deliberately OOC for Mockingjay. The AU sequel is finished and coming soon! "You're insane." Rudder's voice is flat, unimpressed. He's lean, hard-nosed, and taciturn. His students, who are uniformly in awe of him, call him Hatchet Face behind his back. He won the Forty-Fifth Hunger Games by spearing everything that got in his way, including his own district partner. Now he gives weapon lessons to the District Four Careers. "Tell me I'm wrong," Finnick challenges. His fists are on his hips, his head is thrown back, and he radiates confidence. "Even if you get lucky," Rudder insists. "Even if." He pounds the wall of the training room for emphasis. "If every other Career gets taken out, if you take some out yourself, if you survive all the dangers of the arena and no one else does, why would you take this risk now? In five Games you'll be eighteen and unstoppable." "No one will see it coming. No one will be paying any attention to me at all." "I thought that was your worst nightmare," Rudder needles, deadpan. Humor from his mentor is so rare that Finnick doesn't catch it until it's too late. "It's a good tactic. There hasn't been a fourteen-year-old winner in the history of the Games. I'd have the world on a silver platter after that." "No one will be paying attention to you because it's the stupidest tactic I've ever heard. Get back to your footwork drills, and I don't want to hear any more about it." Finnick obeys, but not before he lets a broad smile spread across his face. "Oh, but you will." "Do you know what that crazy boy's after?" Mags says to Rudder during their weekly meeting to go over the trainees' progress. She teaches them strategy. "Oh, no, he's been talking to you too." Rudder rolls his eyes. "Same crazy boy?" Mags wonders. "Only one that crazy. Were you able to shut him down? Because I don't think I was." Mags gives a noncommittal grunt. "I think maybe we need to start showing him the most gruesome parts of previous Games. Send him to talk to Octavius," Rudder snorts. Octavius Storm is District Four's most broken victor: still in a wheelchair, raving mad half the time. Being around him gives the trainees the creeps. "Who volunteered at seventeen, I might add. Also the parts where the Gamemakers threw in a wrench that no one could survive except by sheer chance. Combat training is maybe twenty percent of it. It's time he learned that." Mags is shaking her head vigorously. "Oh, I've been going over every minute of the tapes with Finnick for years. He knows every game by heart. He's talked to Octavius. He's quizzed every victor in Four for every detail they can give until they get sick of it and send him away. And he keeps coming back for more." Rudder looks impressed and crestfallen at once. "Well, do you have any ideas?" "Strictly speaking," Mags begins, "we can't stop him from volunteering." "He doesn't want to volunteer," Rudder reminds her, "he wants to rig the draw." "If he does, and someone else volunteers, that might solve our problem." "If," Rudder says, not optimistic. The Sixty-Fourth Hunger Games have just ended, with both District Four tributes dead again. They were lucky they even managed to get two volunteers this year. The draw for most of the Careers is the food provided at the academy. Come Reaping time, there are always seventeen-year-olds who promise themselves they'll do it next year, and eighteen-year-olds who stand with their heads hanging, unable to muster up the courage. Grateful if someone else does. Mags doesn't allow anyone to shame them, so District Four has a reputation of not always being able to muster two volunteers. Their Careers stand in stark contrast to the eagerness in Districts One and Two, where the Games are glorified. If Finnick talks to the eighteen-year-olds and convinces them that they got free food for several years and don't have to risk their lives in exchange for it, who's going to fight him, really? Out of the current crop, no one looks likely. Nor is Finnick especially popular with the other trainees. They may enjoy his antics when he's clowning around, but they don't enjoy being shown up by someone his age, and Finnick is an incorrigible show-off. So no. If Finnick rigs the draw, he's going in. Mags and Rudder both know it. Rudder continues trying to pressure Finnick out of this move. Every student of Rudder's that goes through training is one more person in District Four who knows how to use a weapon. Under cover of training Careers for the Hunger Games, Rudder's building a secret militia for future open resistance to the Capitol. Finnick, with all his potential, is one of the trainees Rudder's been hoping doesn't end up in the arena, where the Gamemakers can take you out at will. Mags has a harder time throwing obstacles in Finnick's path. Paradoxically, because she has a great deal of influence with him, and she's always been a demanding taskmaster. But he trusts her only because she's held nothing back in her support of his goals. He's living with her because his parents were opposed to his training to kill other children for glory. In the unrelenting battle of wills, Finnick ran away from home more and more often, until at last Mags caught on and took him in. Unlike the other trainees, whose day ends when they leave the academy, Finnick gets continued intensive training at home. Mags is convinced that if she withdraws her unconditional support now, she will undermine his preparation but not his determination. If she can't convince him to hold off until he's eighteen, all she can do is throw all her weight behind him. Together, they wear Rudder down into accepting Finnick into the advanced weapons class, though he's neither old enough nor strong enough at thirteen. "I don't care if he goes into the arena at eighteen looking like a god among men," Mags insists. "Someday, somewhere, someone will have the upper hand over him, and he'll have to know how to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat. The upper level students are better than he is? Good." Rudder bows to this logic. By the end of the year, he's come around to Mags' approach: doing everything he can to get Finnick ready. On Reaping morning, he announces to Mags, "I'm going with you. Donn is nice and all, but...I'm not nice." True enough. Rudder's one of the few people who's been able to drive Finnick hard enough to satisfy the boy. Life comes too easily to Finnick, who has a low tolerance for boredom, and he's tremendously ambitious. He was actually visibly happiest when after three hours of school in the morning, followed by six on a boat, and two in training in the evening, he would arrive half-dead with exhaustion on Mags' doorstep in the evening. "Rudder gave me that," he said, pointing to a bruise forming by the side of his nose that accompanied flecks of red, "and a bloody nose, but I'm learning. It took him a lot longer this time." "Cudgels this week?" Mags asked. "Go clean your face and come sit." Sitting cross-legged on the couch beside Mags, Finnick was quizzed again and again on his reaction to every scenario Mags had seen or could imagine. She didn't let up, even when he started wilting, and he liked it that way. Half the threats to him will come when he's weary from lack of sleep, lack of food, physical effort, or wounds, and he needs to be able to think on his feet in these conditions. He also needs to have internalized a plan for as many situations as possible. It'll keep him from panicking, though he still needs to be adaptable, because neither he nor Mags can possibly plan for everything. After years of rejection from his parents, Finnick gradually opened up to affection from Mags. They talked sitting side-by-side, until finally, in the middle of a sentence, Finnick trailed off and slumped against her. He sighed in contentment. Laughing, Mags put her arms around him. "Come on. You know I can't carry you to bed." "Mmm." In a fit of sheer self-indulgence, Mags sat like that for a while, holding her boy while he dozed, until finally she shook him. "Up, up. I'm tired too, you know." Finnick groaned. "You keep watch, I'm sleeping," he joked, but he got obediently to his feet. "Finnick thrives under demanding teachers," Mags agrees. "You'll come, then." While Finnick is getting a few minutes to say goodbye to people before the train leaves, his parents come to talk to Mags. She's not really surprised. She's had this conversation with them so many times in the last five years that she could have it in her sleep. They're always talking past each other. Both his parents are tall, but his mother is now hunched over on a pair of crutches, moving with difficulty. Mags digs through her memory for the woman's occupation: loading and unloading cargo. No surprise her injury, then. It's a very accident-prone job. "Well, if he dies," his father opens, "I hope you're happy." It almost sounds like they know Finnick rigged the draw, but even if they do, she can't publicly acknowledge it. Officially, he was reaped. "I could say the same to you," Mags retorts. "Nothing either of you did kept him from being reaped, but I gave him the tools to survive. If he comes home, it will be thanks to me, not you." "And you think the ones with the tools for killing innocent children are the ones who deserve to live, just because they come from your district." Mags can't help being condescending in her frustration. "You know, it's great that you have strong feelings, but I don't think they're very practical. The Hunger Games don't go away because you shove your head in the sand." "All you Careers are doing is escalating the Hunger Games with your academies," Finnick's mother insists. "Who puts out the most victors? District Two, and to guarantee a victory, they're training the bloodthirstiest tributes out there. Eating children, ripping out throats with their teeth, torturing before they kill and laughing while they do it..." "One tribute out of twenty-four comes out. Nothing I do can affect that. By sending Careers in," Mags begins her familiar defense, "our tributes by and large get to live until they're eighteen; they're less frightened in the arena; and the children who really, really, really don't want to be there are spared, so long as we can muster up a volunteer. I'm sorry Finnick's fourteen and we couldn't get a volunteer, but this is out of my hands. I still have hope for him. He may yet come home." This is not just what she tells herself at night when she's trying to justify training children to kill, or dragging the unwilling victims of a Reaping into the arena. It's part of the official line for why training should be permitted to continue. It's frustrating that Finnick's parents, with all their burning desire to oppose the Capitol, don't at all see the potential for training the citizens of Four to fight. But if it were obvious to them that a militia is in the making, it would be obvious to everyone, and the academy would be shut down in a heartbeat. "If he