A/N: This is my first fic. I'm kinda nervous, but I'm pretty happy with how this has all turned out. Probably need some more editing, but I'm too excited. Anyway, Twilight belongs to Stephanie Meyer. Let me know what ya'll think! 14 more hours as a teenager. At midnight tonight, I'll officially be in my twenties. That's so unbelievably crazy to me. I still feel so young, but at the same time, being able to say I'm in my twenties feels right. I've always been mature for my age. Well maybe mature isn't the right word, because I get in my fair share of trouble. I just never really got involved with drama, preferring to handle situations smoothly and quietly. I've always gotten along well with adults, chatting easily with them. My peers? That's a whole other story. With most girls I'm fine, but guys. I freeze up. I can unfreeze after a time, in fact some of my best friends are guys, I just need to warm up to them. But dating? That's a no go. I'm nineteen years old and the closest thing I've had to a relationship is the occasional awkward date. On my most recent date I knocked my latte all over the table and myself. No joke. I was mortified, but it didn't matter. I wasn't into the guy anyway. Gangly, egotistical, and sexist isn't really my type. After that flop of a date, I haven't made much of an effort to meet anyone new. I'm pondering my life's shortcomings as I lay underneath my white cotton comforter reveling in my last teenage morning. My cat Eyebrows, don't blame me I named him when I was ten, stares at me pensively. I scoop him into my arms, holding him close and scratching his head. My lack of experience is really my own fault. I'm interested in guys, I try to make an effort, but my social skills are lacking. I'm just excruciatingly shy, so I usually wallow in awkward silence because I'm too afraid to break the ice. I've only experienced intense immediate attraction to one guy, but I'm so intimidated by him that I can't even make eye contact. Pretty Boy. That's his nickname, I don't even know his real name, despite having three classes with him. All I know is we have the same major because he's been in my architecture classes. The few times our eyes have met, my head whipped around so quick I've given myself whiplash. That's the full extent of our relationship. So shy I can't even smile when we make eye contact. I'm pretty sure he thinks I'm crazy. Not ready to face the day yet, I snuggle deeper into by clean sheets, reveling in how fresh they smell and feel. Now that I've sent my mind in his direction, I can't keep the picture of Pretty Boy out of my mind. Crazy brown hair that shines golden red. Piercing jade green eyes, which I swear can see right through me. An unbelievably angular face, complete with sculpted jaw line, high cheekbones, and ivory skin. Thoughts of his intense eyes get me excited and send my right hand down my stomach to the top of my black lacy boy shorts. Thoughts of his pouty lips send my left hand up under my oversized cream sweater to pinch my nipple. Thoughts of his long fingers and sculpted forearms push my fingers into my pussy. Thoughts of him taking me, and my virginity, before my teenage years are over sends me over the edge and into an overwhelming orgasm. Sighing, I roll over onto my stomach. As much as I may want my fantasy to be true, it isn't. I roll to edge of the bed and swing my legs over the side. My thick purple socks provide a nice barrier between the cold hardwood and my warm feet. After cleaning myself up from my morning activities and changing into a clean pair of white cotton undies I head for the kitchen. "Morning Alice," I say through a yawn to my roommate as I move towards the coffee pot. I'm staring in the fridge with a fresh cup of coffee in my hand when Alice says, "We're going to the bars tonight." Alice and I are both sophomores in college in Portland, Oregon. We share an apartment in a trendy part of downtown. At a city school, fake IDs are pretty much a necessity. When I don't say anything, choosing rather to mentally debate peanut butter or jam for my toast. Alice continues on her crusade, "Bella. We are going to celebrate your birthday. You're entering your twenties and we need to reign in the next decade of your life correctly. So we're going out and you're going to dress sexily and we're gonna have fun." Alice expects me to say no. Normally I hate the bars. I'm usually so overwhelmed by the amount of people and how loud it is. But every once in a while I'm in just the right mood for it. And tonight is one of those nights. "Fine," I say in reply. I like birthdays. I want to go out. I want to forget Pretty Boy and find some unsuspecting, hot, hip guy to kiss me before my twenties. I'm done with this Virgin Mary lifestyle. Well maybe not Virgin Mary considering the contents of my beside table and the number of batteries I have to purchase to keep myself satisfied. What I'm saying is I want a real man. Not a toy or my own hands. Alice is shocked I agreed so easily. The little pixie glowed at my response and danced, like literally shook her booty, out of the room mumbling about outfit choices. I sit at the kitchen island a little while longe perusing my Instagram and Facebook while munching on the toast I slathered with jam. After my toast and coffee are safely stored in my stomach, I make my way to the bathroom and decide to take a bubble bath. I'm having a morning of pampering to contrast what I hoped would be a wild evening. Halfway through my bath and the glass of champagne I had poured to accompany it, Alice and our other best friend Rose, the blonde bombshell, burst in the room. "We're talking outfits now," Alice declares. I roll my eye, "It's only noon." Alice pouts, "But I need to know if there's anything I need to buy. And I need to know if we're gonna clash, or even worse, match." There's no use fighting it, it's gonna happen anyway, so I drain my champagne glass and close my eyes, waiting for my directions. Rose snorts at my response, but she also knows there's no stopping Alice, especially when she's on a mission. "Bella, I'm thinking your white chiffon tank top with your sexy black strappy bra you can see underneath and the matching undies. Ooh and the black skinny jeans that make your ass look phenomenal! And those cute Topshop chunky platform sandals! You'll look killer," Alice smiles brightly at me. She's definitely on a roll tonight. Alice and Rose both know about my lack of experience and how much I hate it. They both want to hook me up, but they also both know how hung up I am on Pretty Boy. They're determined to get me over my obsession. I'm pretty sure they've been plotting this evening for a month. I'm not even surprised Alice knows what she wants me to wear to a T. She's probably known all week. "Deal, but I'm swapping my black skinnies with your ones with the rips at the knees." Usually, you have to barter with Alice, but she doesn't even fight, "Even better!" Alice has made me her pet project. I think she feels bad for me, since she has her dreamy blonde haired Jasper and Rose has her massively muscular Emmett. Normally, I'd hate that she's pitying me, but I want this to work out. I want to feel comfortable and confident enough to approach a boy I think is gorgeous. "Great now leave me alone!" I yell as I splash them. "Bitch," they shrieked as they ran out of my line of fire. After meticulously shaving and shampooing and washing, I drain the tub and dry myself off with a fluffy white towel. After I'm satisfied I've coated my body in moisturizer, I slip on my black silky robe and put on a face mask. I snuggle up with Alice and Rose on the couch to watch reruns of Gilmore Girls. Rose pulls my feet up into her lap and my paints my toes dark red. A quarter of a season later, Alice is declaring that it's time to get ready and pregame. I slip into my jeans and tank, tucking in my shirt, and adjusting my bra it looks good through my shirt. I pull the top layer of my wavy brown hair up into a little bun at the back of my head. My makeup is light except for well-defined eyebrows and a burgundy lip. Style is something that makes me feel confident, and I've always liked the way I dress. Not that I think I need that to be attractive to guys, but I think it'll help me feel surer of myself. I'm hoping a cool outfit and a good look will help me in my crusade tonight. That and a little weed. I load a pipe and light up, taking a few puffs. Just enough to loosen up. It's six in the evening, and the three of us are standing at the island in our kitchen. Our friends Ang, Jess, and Mike are meeting us here soon, as well as Emmett and Jasper. Our plan is to get significantly drunk, hang out, then head to some food carts for dinner to sober up a bit before hitting a bar. They plan to keep me buzzed, to keep me from hiding in my shell, and determined when we're out. There's a knock at the door and Alice flits off to get it. A chorus of "Happy birthday Bells!" rings out as my friends come into the kitchen. "Thanks, but I'm not old like you twenty year olds yet" I respond with a smirk. "Girl you look hot," Jess says eying me. "You coming onto me? Cause I'm more into guys, but hey I'd think about it Jess," I sass her while our friends laugh. "Oh, shut up" Jess chuckles. With that, Alice pours shots of tequila. I hate the stuff, but it gets the job done and puts me in a sexy mood. "To Bella!" Mike exclaims and everyone echoes him. Six shots and two hours later, I'm significantly drunk. I suspect I'm a wee bit drunker than everyone else, but it's almost my birthday. "I want fried chicken!" I proclaim. "Hell yeah," Emmett exclaims with almost the same amount of enthusiasm as me. Making eye contact with Rose we both say, "Imogene's!" It is hands down the best fried chicken in town. And I know my fried chicken. Considering how fit Rose is, you would not expect her eating habits, but girl knows her fried chicken too. I think that's why Em fell in love with her. Alice helps me into my brown faux fur coat as I giggle and squirm. I've got to look glamorous on my big day. "I'm fabulous," I decide as I throw open the door and strut into the hallway. "That you are Bells," says Alice rolling her eyes. The rest of the group trickles out and we take to the streets of Portland. We walk five or so blocks over to the food carts. "Here," I thrust fifty dollars towards the woman in the food cart window. "Bella I don't think you want that much chicken…" Jasper rudely suggests. "Jazzzz…. I know exactly how much fried chicken I want," giving him my best withering