A/N: T his one-shot was part of last year's Countdown to Halloween, so I thought I'd post it on my profile this year. Thanks to Breath-of-Twilight for looking over this one-shot for me. :) (Any mistakes you see are my own.) Warning: A scene of violence and a (small) lemon. This was my attempt at writing a lemon, so forgive me if it's not any good. Stephenie Meyer owns all things Twilight. I own absolutely nothing. The wind howls through the windows, making an ordinary sound seem ominous. Outside, a storm is brewing, and within moments, it'll be raining with thunder and lightning. Because my father isn't home to drown out the sounds of outside forces with the television blaring from downstairs and his occasional shouts at a sports team, every sound will be amplified and I will most likely be more scared than I should be. I'm not afraid of being by myself, because more often than not, I'm left alone since my father works as the Police Chief in our tiny town of Forks. I'm used to him working late or obscure hours, so I have gotten used to having the house to myself. I'm not afraid of storms either; I've loved them since I was little girl. I love listening to the rain and seeing lightning light up the sky while feeling the rumble of thunder surge through my body. But there's something about tonight that has me on edge. I can't quite put my finger on it. I just feel ... strange, as if something is warning me about what is to come. Instead of sitting in the living room, I take refuge in my room and change into my pajamas, hoping the small quarters will offer me comfort while I feel so out of sorts. To distract myself, I turn on the tiny television in hopes of finding some mundane show that will take my mind off of everything. Flicking through the channels, I can't help but feel like I'm forgetting something. Knowing whatever I forgot will come back to me if it's important, I stop on a good enough looking television show and settle into bed to watch it. A sharp streak of lightning strikes outside of my window, causing the power to go out and cover everything in darkness. My heart hammers in my chest as I take in a deep breath, trying to tell myself that it's only the storm. Rising from my bed, I slowly walk over to the window to see if my neighbor's lights are out as well. Peering through the rain soaked window, I see they aren't. My thoughts immediately jump to someone being in the house, but the rational side of my brain argues. I have all the doors and windows locked, and the alarm system is engaged. No one can enter this house without me knowing. Besides, who would break into the Chief's house? Still, a feeling of nervousness rises within me, and I debate about going downstairs to check the breaker box in the garage. Sometimes knobs and wires will get loose, especially if there's heavy wind, and you'll have to secure them in place. I want to stay up here where it's safe, but since it's just our house and it will get rather warm in here in less than an hour, I know I have to go downstairs and fix it. I don't want the food to spoil in the fridge; I shopped for food yesterday and having it go bad will not be a good thing. Swallowing thickly, I shakily grab a flashlight out of my desk drawer and slowly make my way downstairs. My bare feet gently slap against the hardwood as I patter through my house, going for the garage. Rain from the storm pelts the windows, sounding like pebbles being thrown against them. My eyes turn to the kitchen window as lightning flashes again, illuminating the small space. In the reflective surface, I see my own reflection as well as a dark shape behind me. I gasp and spin around toward this unknown shape, I raise my hand with the flashlight, ready to hit this figure, but I'm stopped by a familiar voice as the lights come back on and another smaller familiar shape walks up a few seconds later. "BELLA!" My best friend Rosalie Hale is standing there, wide-eyed and shocked. Next to her, Alice is wearing the same expression with a hint of amusement. "What the hell are you doing? How did you get in here?" "We used the key over the porch light! You told us earlier to come in when we got here, remember?" "I'm sorry, Rose. I forgot. I thought you were an intruder." "It's fine," she says, a hand over her heart. "You almost gave me a black eye, though." "Yeah. If she hadn't have screamed, you definitely would have messed up her pretty face," Alice teases with a laugh, pinching Rose's cheek. Rose slaps her hand away with a small grin. "Enough. Are you still coming out with us, Bella?" That's what I forgot! Tonight, Alice and Rose, along with their boyfriends, wanted to go to a horror movie marathon the local theater was having for a Halloween celebration, in effort to keep the teenagers out of trouble. I didn't have faith it would work and neither did my father, who took the night shift to make sure everything goes smoothly tonight. When they first brought up the idea, I tried to bow out, since I didn't want to go out when everyone else would be playing stupid pranks, drinking, and acting like a five year old on a sugar high. But they begged me, and after twenty minutes, I gave in, not wanting to spoil their fun. Glancing at my friends, I see they're already dressed in black robe-like dresses made of velvet. They have long bell sleeves and slits up their thighs, paired with fishnet stockings and thigh-high high heeled boots. They have the hoods of their dresses down but I know from when we tried them on only a few features of their face will be visible, a fact they used to their advantage. They both have light foundation covering their skin, paired with blackish-gray smoky eyeshadow and cherry red lipstick. I really hate that they wanted to dress up for this event and have the entire group dress up in a theme. The theme they picked is altar priestesses and priests, and I vehemently argued about dressing up. However, once I saw their put out faces, I couldn't say no. Besides, they hardly ever ask anything of me, so I know I can do this one thing for them. "Yeah, I'm coming," I say with a small sigh as they drag me upstairs to get changed. Going to my closet, I pull out my matching dress, except it's in a dark purple color. When they gave me the dress, I questioned why it was different than theirs and they replied they wanted it to be in my favorite color. Changing quickly, I allow Rose and Alice to do my make-up because I can't accomplish the smoky-eyed look like they did. I tried it earlier in the week and the end result looked like I had smeared it on with my fingertips. Once my make-up is on – all smoky eyed and red lips – and my boots are zipped up, I pull on the dress, feeling uncomfortable with the slits that go up my thighs. I'm hoping for it to conceal more of my legs, but end up with more of my cleavage showing. The low square cut of the dress amplifies my chest a great deal more than what I'm used to, but I'm not going to argue over it. As long as nothing is showing and more of my legs feel covered, I'm good. Still, I glare at my friends, who snicker at me. "Bella, you got it. You might as well show it off," Alice giggles, pointing to my slightly larger than average boobs. "You might catch someone's eye tonight." I roll my eyes. "The only guy I want looking at me is Edward, not some horny guy drooling over me and trying to cop a feel in darkened movie theater." "Would you let Edward drool and cop a feel?" she asks me slyly, glancing at me from the corner of her eye. I've been dating Alice's older brother, Edward, for ten months now. She thinks we haven't gone past chaste kissing, but what she doesn't know is we've gone a lot further than that. Two months ago, we slept together and muddled through the awkwardness that is your first time having sex ... and it was awkward. There was fumbling, grunts, groans, a little bit of pain, and it was over before it had really began. Edward was embarrassed about that fact and made it his mission from that night forward to make it up to me, and he's certainly accomplished that. Every time afterward has been more spectacular and mind blowing than the last. Alice and Rose have asked about my relationship with Edward and the progress we've made, but I don't want to share that part of my relationship with them. So I keep it between Edward and I, letting her assume the rest. One day they might eventually find out our relationship has progressed, but until then, it's between Edward and me. "Maybe," I mumble, pushing her forward, making her and Rose laugh. "Let's go before I change my mind." We pile into Rose's four door car and drive the short distance to the theater. Thankfully, it has stopped raining, but the forecast called for rain happening on and off all night, so before this evening is done, more rain will fall. The theater parking lot is slightly packed, but we manage to find a spot in the back of the lot, away from other cars so Rose's "baby" won't be scratched by sniveling, ignorant little mouth breathers. Her words, not mine. "Okay girls," Alice begins, straightening her dress. "We're sexy, we're awesome. Let's own it!" Rose and I follow her example and pull up our hoods, straightening our postures and holding our heads high. As we walk up to the theater, our boots clicking in unison against the pavement, we get tons of looks and whistles, but we ignore them. We only care about what our guys think. Getting closer to the theater, we see Emmett and Jasper waiting for us, but no Edward in sight. He said earlier today he might not be able to make it because he's filling out college applications and preparing for a plethora of tests coming up, but promised he would try his best. I really hope he can make it because I don't want to be the fifth wheel. Emmett and Jasper are dressed in full covered black robes as well, matching our costumes only they're wearing black jeans underneath. They each call out to their girlfriends, whistling in appreciation when we reach them. "I'd say trick or treat, but I'm definitely getting a treat," Emmett says, looking like he could drool at any moment over Rose, who has walked into his arms, shoving her tongue down his throat. "That's my sister," Jasper groans, shaking his head. "So? You don't see me berating you for ogling my sister do you?" Emmett retorts, breaking away from Rose. Jasper ignores him and kisses Alice deeply, making her moan. Both couples are actively making out against the side of the building and I remember why I argued about coming out. This was the reason. Clearing my throat, I give them a disgusted grin when they break away, breathless. Amazingly, Alice and Rose's lipstick is smudge free, making me wonder what brand they use. "Sorry Bella," Jasper apologizes. "Whoa, Bella!" Emmett shouts, gaining attention from a nearby crowd. "You look HOT!" "Yeah, you do!" The crowd agrees,