Bella sat in her idling truck, listening to the pounding rain beat down on the old red metal. Staring out the windshield at the small wooden house Jacob Black shared with his father, Billy; she hung her head. She had looked for her friend everywhere she could think of. Now, she sat in Jake's driveway, unwilling to give up the search, but had no idea where to look. Just when Bella was about to back out of the gravel drive and check in her friend's usual spots once more, Jake stomped right by her, not even noticing the familiar truck in his drive. At least, she thought it was Jake. His beautiful long hair had been cropped short, and he was only wearing a pair of shorts and sneakers. Plus, he looked like he had grown a foot since she had last seen him a week ago. Still, Bella quickly hopped down from her truck and ran after the retreating figure. This was her chance. "Jake!" She shouted at her friends back. He stopped, but did not turn to face her. "You cut your hair?" He finally turned around. "And got a tattoo?" So, it was Jake. He looked very little like her Jake, however. Jacob just sighed, like the weight of the world was bearing down on his shoulders. "Bella…" "I thought you were too sick to come outside. Or pick up the phone when I called," she said. Bella wasn't so sure of her mission anymore. Jake was just standing there, looking at her with pity and resignation in his eyes. "Go away." "What?" Bella asked incredulously. Why was he acting like this? "Go away ." "What happened to you? What's wrong?" Bella's normally bright and happy friend would barely even meet her eyes. "Hey, what happened? Did Sam get to you? Is that what's happening?" The mention of Sam Uley finally seemed to cause some sort of reaction in her silent friend, and he sneered at Bella as he answered. "Sam's trying to help me, don't blame him. But if you want somebody to blame, how about those filthy bloodsuckers you love? The Cullen's." He spat the name at her like it disgusted him. The blood drained from Bella's face. Jake knew. How did he know? She couldn't betray the Cullen's secrets, even though they had abandoned her. It just wasn't her story to tell. "I don't know what you're talking about." Bella struggled to keep her voice steady and her face straight. It didn't matter, she knew her friend could tell she was lying. "You know exactly what I'm talking about. You've been lying to everyone. Charlie…but you can't lie to me. Not anymore, Bella." Jake turned to walk away. "Come on! Jacob!" Bella was begging him now. He was the only friend she had left. The only thing keeping her out of the pit of depression Edward had thrown her down. She would do whatever he wanted to keep him in her life. "Look, Bella…we can't be friends anymore." No! He was going to leave her, just like everyone else had. Her voice broke with the tears she was struggling to keep from falling. "Jake, I know that I've been…hurting you. It's…it's killing me. It kills me. If you, maybe, gave me some time…" "Don't! It's not you." "It's not you, it's me, right? Really?" She wasn't enough for him. Just like Edward. "It's true! It is me! I'm not good. I used to be…a great kid. Not anymore." He shook his head and stared out at the woods before stating, "It doesn't even matter , alright? This is over." She couldn't stop the tears from falling or her voice from breaking as she pleaded with Jake one last time. "You can't break up with me. I mean…you're my best friend. You promised me." "I know. I promised that I wouldn't hurt you, Bella. And this is me keeping that promise. Go home. And don't come back. Or you're gonna get hurt." Not giving her a chance to respond, he turned and stormed past where Sam Uley and his gang of angry-looking shirtless men stood. The rain was coming down harder now, plastering her hair against her face and gluing her clothes to her skin. But Bella couldn't make herself move. She just stood and stared as Jacob disappeared into the woods. Once again heartbroken and alone; she watched her best friend, her personal sun, break his promise and leave her behind. Bella stood before Laurent, resigned to her fate. After standing in the rain for close to an hour, it became clear that Jacob wasn't going to come back and tell her it had all been some sick joke. He wasn't going to laugh and ruffle her hair or wrap her in one of his tight hugs, resting his chin on the top of her head. So, she had forced herself back to her truck and driven around aimlessly. She found herself on a dead-end gravel road when she saw the dirt path that entered the woods. Didn't take her long to run into Laurent, who of course saw right through her lies about the Cullen's whereabouts. And now she had no one left to save her from the nomad vampire. Her eyes flickered shut as she whispered a goodbye to Edward and waited for her life to end. Then she heard it; a deep snarl and rustling of branches from the dark woods to her right. An enormous black wolf stepped out from the tree line slowly and steadily, snarling and snapping its jaws. Four more wolves as large as the first followed closely behind. They were beautiful. Powerful corded muscle rippled under thick fur as the giant wolves stalked forward, eyes trained on Laurent. A dark grey wolf, two lighter silver-toned wolves, and a russet-colored wolf now stood in the clearing behind the black wolf. The russet wolf was only inches away from her. She had to stop herself from reaching out and threading her hand through the soft-looking fur. Somewhere in Bella's mind she knew she should be afraid of them, but she couldn't make herself feel fear. Maybe it was being seconds from death only moments before. Maybe it was because the wolves seemed to have all their focus on the vampire. All she knew is watching the giant predators prowl out of the woods had filled her with a sense of something close to…comfort. Drool dripped from bared fangs and violent snarls rumbled from the throats of the five wolves that were quickly closing in on the vampire in front of her. Bella watched surprise and fear flash across Laurent's face before he took off running towards the other side of the clearing in a blur. The black wolf led the chase after him, flanked by three of the other wolves. The russet wolf turned its head to look at Bella. The beast towered over her, close enough to feel it's hot breath wash across her face as it panted. The chocolate brown eyes looked so familiar to her, but she didn't know why. Then a growl from one of the other wolves carried back to woman and beast, and the russet wolf was gone as quickly as it had arrived. She watched in a trance as the wolves raced after the Laurent-shaped blur. The grass-covered ground shook under Bella's feet as the wolves thundered across the clearing after their prey. Laurent raised his hand and hit the black wolf as it reached him, throwing the wolf across the field. Without so much as a whimper, the black wolf was back on its feet, running to attack the vampire again. The obvious muscle mass and sheer size of the creatures should have prevented any real attempt at grace. The giant wolves defied the very laws of physics as they ducked and weaved, leaping over obstacles as they worked as a pack to take down the nomad vampire. Bella watched them run, in awe of the creatures that had so suddenly saved her from certain death. The wolves reached the woods on the other end of the clearing, and her trance broke. She quickly turned and ran into the woods where the wolves had first appeared. It felt like hours had passed when Bella finally found the hidden dirt path that leading back to the gravel road where she had left her old red truck. Her hands shook as she pulled the unlocked driver's side door open, hopping up into the cab and collapsing on the worn bench seat with a frustrated, exhausted huff. Pushing the hair that was still wet from the earlier rainfall back out of her face, she gently shut the truck's door. Dropping her head to rest on the on the steering wheel with a light thunk, Bella tried to sort through the mess of thoughts running through her head. A pack of giant, vampire-hunting wolves had come out of the forest, stopping Laurent mere seconds before Bella became his dinner. She had just gotten used to the reality of vampires existing. Her life wasn't strange enough, let's add some horse-sized wolves. Her head had barely reached the beast's shoulders, for heaven's sake! There's no way those things weren't supernatural. What was going on with this town that she had met a family of vampires here, and now this? She was lightly banging her head against the steering wheel in frustration when a sharp rap on the driver's side window sounded. Predictably, she and sat up abruptly with a loud screech, smacking her head into the hard metal above the top of the torn fabric bench seat. Rubbing the back of her head, she turned to see Embry standing at her window, wearing only a pair of cut-off shorts and a nervous grin. Bella began to crank the old truck's window down, sucking in a deep breath. Hopefully he wouldn't notice the cuts on her face and hands from running through the brush in the woods. "Uh, hi, Embry. Why are you…what are you doing out here?" Bella stumbled slightly as she struggled to keep her voice steady. He must have grown at least a half a foot since she had last seen him at the beach. Embry had always been attractive, but in a cute, puppyish kind of way. Now, he was at least 6'5" and he looked like he had been working out, too. He looked years older. It was something in his expression, the way he carried himself. Like he wasn't a kid anymore. Tucking stray wet hair behind her ears, she narrowed her eyes slightly at the dark-skinned Quileute as she watched him fidget next to the truck. What are you hiding? She wanted to ask Jacob's friend if he knew about the wolves that had just saved her life, but she obviously couldn't explain why her life had been in danger to begin with. Plus, for some reason she felt she needed to protect the wolves. Not that they would ever need her protection. From what she had seen, they could protect themselves just fine. But still. Best to keep it quiet for now, Bella thought. "I didn't mean to scare you, Bella! Just saw your truck and wondered if you needed a hand. You're pretty far away from town." Embry ran his hand through his newly short-cropped hair, still not meeting her eyes for more than a few seconds at a time. "I'm fine, Embry. I went for a walk in the woods. I just got back when you showed up." Bella knew she sounded annoyed, but she didn't care. He was obviously not telling her something. "I'm gonna head home now. I'm sure you have to go meet Sam, right?" "Wait. Bella," Embry ignored her sarcastic question and held up a hand. "Stay out of these woods, okay? They're not safe." Bella stopped rolling up the window to shake her head at the boy that was quickly becoming a