Chapter 1 - Engaged "I'll see you tomorrow night." I said as I softly planted a kiss on Bella's forehead. "I can't wait to be able to go with you on your hunting trips. Then you won't get rid of me ever again." She stretched to touch her lips to mine before she made a face at the big, solid, new car she then stepped into. "Neither can I." I answered smiling a brilliant smile at her as I closed the door. The corners of my mouth twitched further upwards as I watched Bella drive very slowly away from our house and up the driveway to the main road. The engine roared just a little louder then really necessary. When she, about two months ago, finally agreed to marry me, she agreed to quite a lot of my wishes in the heat of the moment before thinking about it twice. Some of these agreements were taking a credit card to one of my bank accounts, letting me pay the tuition for Dartmouth and allowing me to replace here ancient Chevy Truck once it would breathe out its last breath and make room for a vehicle a little more up to date. Of course, Bella was aware that her concept of an appropriate car and mine weren't really identical. Then, one morning, soon after we made our compromise, the day had finally come. Her truck wouldn't start. Needless to say there was a little helping along on my part involved. Naturally Bella suspected as much but never said a word about it. When I introduced her to the replacement, her whole body froze and her lips tightened. I had taken her to our garage that accommodated outrageous automobiles such as Rosalie's BMW M3, Emmett's offroad version of a Jeep Wrangler, Alice's Porsche Carrera 911 Turbo and my Aston Martin Vanquish as well as slightly more inconspicuous cars like Carlisle's Mercedes S55 and my Volvo. Even in the company of these, the glossy black Mercedes Guardian seemed out of place. It was hard enough to get my hands on it since the model wasn't available in America. Carlisle had to pull a few strings with some acquaintances of his to even be able to get it as a loan for the weeks until the wedding. After we would be married and I would have fulfilled my end of our bargain by changing her into what I still considered a soulless monster, I would return the Guardian and I would get to unveil the now covered high-end sports car that was waiting in the farthest corner of the garage to make its big appearance. Not that I really expected Bella to turn into a car enthusiast by becoming immortal. But, at least, she would almost certainly prefer a fast car like the rest of us did. Until then, anyway, she needed as much protection as possible. Since my dream had come true and Bella had accepted my proposal, I had done a lot of thinking and planning on how I could ensure, nothing could happen to her before she would finally become my wife and after her change virtually indestructible. Bella, as prone to any kind of accident as she was, would somehow manage to have herself at least injured bad enough to delay the wedding. Or even worse, something could still take her away from me so shortly before I would get all I ever dreamed of. I would not be able go on if that happened. So I decided that the least I could do, was providing her with an armored car. With Bella's luck, you couldn't really rule out the possibility of her being run over by a tank. After Bella had taken a deep breath and her eyes had done a short examination of the car, she finally found her voice again. "Well, it's not that a hadn't known you would embarrass me to the bone. So, it could have been worse than just a Mercedes sedan." She clenched her teeth and really tried to come to terms with her new means of transportation. "So, you can relax, now that you know it is just that." I had to smile inwardly at her evaluation of the missile-proof vehicle in front of her. Of course, I hadn't expected Bella to know what kind of car this really was. And all the more, I was glad she didn't know what clientele usually drove those. I was sure, Bella didn't see herself in line with diplomats in conflict areas, smugglers of arms or drug-lords who would normally need an armoured car for their protection. "The upside is, that I won't have to drive it for a long time though." I smiled a little smugly. „Are you sure, this is the worst I can do?" leaving room for her imagination to run a little wild. And again, her face fought hard to conceal the shock. "Anyway, noone I know will see me in the 'after-car'. I really have to drive this one around in town." Since the demise of her truck, Bella tried to avoid driving around too much. She tried to limit her trips to the absolutely necessary. I hadn't really intended to take away her freedom like that but, on the other hand, her safety was too important to me to take any risks, even more now, that our wedding was only days away. I hope, she will not throw a fit again. Is it too much to ask that she try on the dress without looking like I was slowly torturing her to death? I wish she could see that in the end she'll thank me for all this. Alice's thoughts interrupted my daydreaming. She appeared in the door with two garment bags over her right arm. A black one that supposedly contained Charlie's tux and a white one that could only be holding the wedding dress. Alice was very careful around me with everything concerning Bella's gown. She neither thought about it nor had anyone besides her or Bella ever seen it. In her visions and plans of the big day she always changed the dress from one picture to the next. So I wasn't surprised to see that Alice had decided to take the dress to Charlie's house for the final fitting instead of having Bella try it on here where someone could intrude at any time. "When are you guys leaving for your trip?" Alice asked when she saw me standing there still looking up the driveway minutes after Bella had driven out of sight. "In about an hour. Emmett isn't home from his errand with Esme yet." I pretended not to know what they were doing. That they were preparing a very special wedding present for Bella and me which they planned to give to us after we'd return from our honeymoon. "So, I guess you'll be gone when I come back and you won't get in my for the rest of the weekend. There's so much to be done and so little time left." I was still anxious to leave Bella even for the shortest amount of time but hunting was a necessity we had to perform. But today there was something else that was keeping me high-strung. I was about to ask my brothers about the act of physical love. Don't be too nervous. They'll tease you about it, of course, but they'll be able to help, too. Alice's thoughts didn't really help much. They only embarrassed me further. I wasn't used to talking about matters that private with anyone besides Bella. But I had to overcome my inhibitions since I had promised Bella that once we were married, we would finally be together in every way. Bella was worried that the way she was attracted to me would change once she would be a vampire. So there was the one thing she insisted on experiencing while she was still human. In a moment of weakness, and to be honest, because I really wanted it too, I promised her, we would try. I still wasn't sure if it would be possible at all. Although the monster in me was all but tamed, there was still the distant lure of her blood. Nowadays I was sure I would forever and under any circumstances be able to resist acting on that instinct. But there was still the matter of my superhuman strength. In only one moment of being unfocused I could hurt her unintentionally or even crush her to death. So I needed to get as much information about the whole matter as was possible. I had to know what to expect when we would eventually be with each other as husband and wife. Alice winked at me once, sang a short goodbye and then danced around the house to reappear only moments later in her yellow Porsche. She was out of sight faster than I could walk up the steps to the door. As I sat on a rock watching Emmett wrestle with a grizzly I remembered the evening we told Charlie about our engagement … I had told Bella that I didn't care about the way we would get married. The only thing that mattered to me was that she really belonged to only me and I to her. I had actually been quite sure that she would want us to elope to Las Vegas for the ceremony and tell no one that anything had happened at all. All the more she had surprised me when she announced that she had decided to have a traditional wedding planned and executed by Alice and that it was time to let her parents know about it all. We were sitting in her father's living room waiting for him to come home from the police station. Bella was sitting next to me on the loveseat, fumbling with the ring on the third finger of her left hand. My silent heart jumped a little at the sight of my mother's ring on Bella's finger. How long had I been dreaming about placing it there before, that afternoon, I finally got to slip it on her finger to leave it there permanently. "Stop fidgeting, Bella. Please, try to remember that you're not confessing to a murder here." "Easy for you to say." I heard Charlie's cruiser drive up the street and park in front of the house. When Bella heard him, too, I had noticed her heartbeat speed up even more. "Calm down, Bella." Charlie banged the door against the wall and Bella winced as if she had been electrocuted. "Hey, Charlie," I greeted him from the living room. Great! Just the welcome I dreamed of. "No!" Bella tried to stop me. "What?" I whispered back not understanding what she was getting at. "Wait till he hangs his gun up!" Her anxiety about Charlie attacking me made me chuckle. Charlie came into the living room, his expression strained when he spotted us sitting together. Seems like they're up to something. Give him a break. You promised. How bad can it be after all? "Hey, kids. What's up?" To give Bella a little more time, clearly, she didn't know how to start, I began the conversation calmly. "We'd like to talk to you. We have some good news." It's gonna be really, really bad . Chalie's face turned suspicious. ""Good news?", he snarled and turned his eyes straight on Bella. "Have a seat, Dad." I can't imagine, anything ever followed these words that was considered good news by the recipient. Charlie's thoughts let me assume that he was in line with me on this. His stare went from Bella to me while he took a very uncomfortable seat across from us. "Don't get worked up, Dad," Bella continued. "Everything's okay." Okay wasn't really the word I would have used but I was aware that Bella was under a lot of stress right now and I was glad that she finally