Waiting For You A/N: Waghh, I haven't posted Hunger Games fanfiction in like, what, ages. I am planning on writing a huge multi chapter Hunger Games centered fanfic, so this is sort of a filler for now...It's 9:00pm and I am too tired to write another chapter for the Soldier and the Singer, so please, just bear with me here. AGE 9: Nevermore would he ever see such beauty. Looking up from the bread he was kneading, she had entered the shop with her father, a kind and well known man in the District. Brother to the mayor. He was buying some cinamon rolls from the shop, for a party of sorts. He watches as his father smiles charmingly at the customer, and then at the little girl by his side. She was dressed in a plain white dress, and her hair was hanging loose around her shoulders, watching with wide eyes. His father barked at him to prepare the bread, and he nods frantically. Beginning a new roll, he begins to squish the dough, kneading, reaching for the cinamon jar, as he met her eyes over the counter. "Jack, right?" He nods slowly, his cheeks flaring at her question. Many customers hesitated to ask his name, as they would most likely forget it as soon as they left the shop. He stuffs the bread into the oven, aware of her eyes on the back of his neck. For a moment, he allows himself to be distracted by her, looking over his shoulder, and then a touch of heat licks his finger. He turns back to see he has accidentally stuck his finger in the flames. He yelps, pulling it away, and catching the attention of the customer, the girl and his father. "Jack!" his father walks over, taking his thumb very gently in his hands. He narrows his eyes, assessing the severity of the burn, but before he could say a word to his son, the girl walks over from the other side of the counter, and takes the thumb in her hand, a concerned look on her face. "Minor burn, not even that bad," she says softly, looking at the thumb, biting her lip, "Just hold it under cold water, and you'll be fine." Not a lot of people in District 12 knew knowledge like this, let alone know what to do. Mr. Mellark widens his eye as the girl guides Jack over to the cold water, and dips his thumb gently in it. Jack, blushing severely, refuses to make eye contact. Her father smiles at her with pride in his eyes, as she gently treats the burn with care. "Picks it up from her mother," the man explains, his eyes twinkling at the mention of her mother, "Sparrow has always been the most promising. Darling, I think Jack will be fine now." "Agreed," she says, a tiny smile on her pale face. Letting go of his hand, Jack watches as she waves over her shoulder, as Mr. Mellark has been taking care of the cinamon buns while she treated Jack. Handing the bag over with care, he wraps an arm around his son's shoulders, who watches with awe as Sparrow's father pays for the buns and walks out, leaving an extra coin for a tip. Jack knew, right then and there, she was the girl he would end up waiting for. He was a goner. AGE 12: "Hey, give it back!" Jack Mellark looks up from the book he had quietly been reading in the corner of the school yard, to see a blonde girl around his age jumping up for a notebook, held by the school bully, Patrick. He was holding the notebook high over his head, and even though he was their grade, he was rather taller then everybody, except Jack. He thinks about leaving the girl to be, to let her deal with her own problems. Why should he get mixed up with the bully? He was on Patrick's good side- Until he realized it was Sparrow. He had just realized they would be in the same class this fall, and for the first time, Jack was nervous to go to school. He was absolutely terrified, because she would be there. What could he say? What could he do? He had no older brothers to offer advice, and his father had only given a half-hearted shrug when he told him how much he liked her. His mother was gone, long gone, so it was just him and his father in the bakery. His father often had a friend over, a crooked man with dirty stained teeth, who often brought his daughter around. Carrie, her name was. For now, he had kept his distance from Carrie, as Sparrow would always pop into his mind whenever it wasn't occupied. She filled every narrow crook and cranny of his mind, waving and smiling at him. He couldn't forget the way she had held his hand when he had burned it, like it was precious. A gift. She was a gift. And always would be. Now, seeing her being harassed by a bully, Jack bites his lip,wondering what was the right thing to do. Should he run over and save her, like a knight in shining armor? Here, in District 12, men never really acted like the knights in the books, but Jack always fancied himself as one. To swoop in and save the day, to get the girl and live happily ever after. But here, there were no happy endings. And if you decided to be brave, you would end up dead. Look at all those tributes that had died in past years. They tried to be brave, and they were all gone. Summoning his courage, he slowly sets his book down on the cement, and walks over, quietly observing from the corner, still thinking about what he could say, what he could do to help her...he was no knight. Sure, he had muscles and was alright at wrestling, but he wasn't exactly the hero type. Who was? Certainly not him. But seeing her distressed like this, it brought out something in him, wanting to be the hero she deserved. He clears his throat, before speaking in a firm voice. "Give her back the notebook, Patrick." Patrick, having too much fun from harassing Sparrow, sees Jack and his smile fades slightly. Snarling, he pushes Sparrow out of the way and stares at him, malice in his eyes. Jack felt his arms tremble, but he stood tall, knowing he could stop this. He really could. Or so he hopes, anyway. "Yeah?" Patrick says, a growl tracing his words, "And what're you going to do about it, Mellark?" "Jack, it's fine." Sparrow speaks from the corner, watching the boys stare each other down. She hated fighting. She hates watching people she cared for be torn down. She extends her hand to Jack, but brings it back coldly, continuing to plead for it to stop. She would not let him get beaten for her. "You don't want to know, Patrick," Jack replies, his hands beginning to curl into fists. He could stop this now, if he wanted. He could beat Patrick so hard he wouldn't hurt anybody ever again, he could do it, for her. But when he sees her pleading eyes, such fear, he recoils. She didn't want this, did she? She didn't want him fighting for her, didn't want him to lose his head over her. Certainly, by the way she was bouncing on the balls of her feet, she just wanted it to be over, with both occupants in right state. Jack takes a step back, much to Patrick's surprise. Stunned, Patrick stands still and lets the notebook go when Jack rips it from his hand, and slowly walks over to Sparrow, a strange sort of courage diminishing inside of him. Was he a coward for walking away from the fight, or was he braver? Is he brave for wanting her heart, or a coward for not going after her? He wanted to respect her, knowing she was amazing, unlike anything District 12 has seen in awhile. Handing her the notebook, he avoids her eyes as he slowly walks back to his corner, knowing she wouldn't thank him. Why should she? He was nothing but a coward, not giving Patrick what he really deserved. He should've punched him, at least said some nasty words to stun him- "Hey!" He feels her fingers wrap around his forearm, and he turns his head in surprise, to see her holding him back. She lets go slowly, a sheepish sort of smile on her face. God, was she beautiful. She holds her notebook close to her chest, and Jack is sure for a moment, the world has stopped just for them. Just for this. "Thank you, Jack. And...thanks for not hurting him. I hate fights." He stands stunned for a moment, before finding ridiculous words tumbling from his throat. "So do I." They both laugh, a warm, rich sound, as they both revel in the hilarity of the replies. Soon, they have both calmed down, and they stand there with what seems like no purpose. Not until she asks to accompany him back to the corner he was sitting in. Nodding slowly, they both walk over to the corner without a second thought, Jack completely dumbfounded. How would she want to be with him, just to sit with him? He didn't bother to ask, cause if he did, he knows itw would just cause her to find him strange. For now, he would give her the image of bravery, by walking away, and accompanying her when she asks. AGE 15: He wraps an arm around her shaking shoulders, as she walks away from the Justice Building. He lets her bury her head in his shoulder as she cries, and he fights the urge to break as well, to cry in despair. For their friend, Maysilee Donner, had just been reaped in the Second Quarter Quell. She was as good as dead, it seems. Being reaped with Haymitch Abernathy, a boy they both knew from school, and some kids from the Seam, they knew that she wouldn't make it. As much as they tried to convince themselves of it, they knew she couldn't make it. She was brave, she was strong, she was smart, but the Careers had all of that, and more. She was gone. Sitting on the porch of the Apothecary owned by Sparrow's parents, she cries into her hands, as Jack wraps his arm around her shoulders, the weight of Maysilee's reaping on his shoulders as well. He knew Maysilee and Sparrow had been friends for a long enough time, and now, seeing her go off to her death, they may as well have spent Sparrow. His heart breaks, seeing her cry over and over. "It..I cannot believe it, Jack...sh-she's as good as..." "Hey," he says, slowly removing her hands from her face. Red, blotchy face, and swollen eyes, and she couldn't have been more radiant. He slowly wipes a tear away, taking his time in case she would pull away. She didn't. They had been friends long enough to let themselves hold each other in times of need. Like when Jack's dad passed two years ago, and he had to hold onto the shop, to be the man until he found someone he could marry. In his heart, he hoped it would be her, but in his head, he knows she wouldn't ever choose him. But he could still wait, and hope she would. "It's going to be okay. Maysilee is smart, she has this." "B-But those Careers," she sniffles, biting her lip gently, "Th-they could kill her in the Opening Ceremonies...and...I don't think I could b-bear it..." "Sparrow, she is strong." He found these words arising out of nowhere, as though they have always been there, waiting for this moment, "She has you to fight for, her