A/N: This is my first Story of Percy Jackson and The Olympians. I always wanted to write a story about it, and now I am doing so. I'm pretty excited about it, and will do my best to make this story unique. Well, let's get to the chapter now. Nico: 16 Percy: 18 Thalia: 18. (Just put her at Percy's age cause I felt like it). Betrayal. That's one word to describe what had transpired. SomeOlympians feared the children of thebig threewere becoming too powerful, so they decided to vote. It was close, but in the end, they were banished. Here's how the three cousins got to this stage. After defeating Gaea, the camp and Olympus were in a stage of peace. That was until a new group ofcampers came by: James Hall son of Posideon, Jada Robinson daughter of Zeus, and Zion Johnson son of Hades. When the threekilled ONE hellhound on their way to camp, everyone thought they were great. Soon, everyone began to forget about and hate Percy, Nico,and Thalia. First, they were framed for things like killing Katie's flowers, snitching on Connor and Travis while they were doing pranks, vandalizing Juniper's tree, even electrocuting people. Through all of this however, the three still stuck together and stayed at camp. However, soon they all decided to leave camp, seeing as they had nothing left there. Thalia and the hunters were given a break after the war, and Thalia was using hers at camp was walking through camp looking to find Percy and Nico. Instead, she found her ass of a half-sister Jada talking to her father. "You really are one of a kind my daughter. The greatest child I have ever had!" Zues proudly stated. "Thank you father. But whatabout Thalia Grace, your other daughter?" Jada questioned. "No, you by far are my favorite of them all. Even Thalia." Zeus declared At that, Thalia's heart broke. How could her father not see through Jada's lies? The king of gods couldn't see through her pitiful lies. Nearly everyone betrayed her, she would've thought her own father would've stuck by her side. She ran away from the area and to her cabin and packed her bags. She was getting Nico and Percy, and leaving camp forever Nico had just came from the Underworld and was heading to the dining pavilion to get some leftover food. Passing by the Zues cabin, he saw Thalia. He always had a little crush on her, but never acted on it since she's a hunter. He decided to go in there and check on her. "Hey Thalia, how are-" Nico stopped when he saw her red eyes and puffy face from crying. "What's wrong?" He asked. "My dad basicallyjust chose Jada over me. I'm done with this place. No one here cares for me anymore, there's no point in staying here." Nico won't lie, that's pretty fucked up. "So you're just going to go away on your own and leave Percy and me?" "What? No of course not. I was going to see if you and Percy wanted to come with me. Can't have my two favorite cousins not be with me." Thalia smirked. Nico has also grown to dislike this place. Everyone at camp hated him basically since his half brother Zion came along. He barely had to think when he said, "Yeah I'm good with that, I hate this place now anyway. Let's go get Percy." Percy was walking to the beach, where he asked Aannabeth to meet him. She was all he had left other than Nico and Thalia. All the campers turned their backs on him, Nico, and Thalia after their siblings refused to lose her and wanted to propose to her. So he could really show his love and commitment to her. Walking there he heard two people talking. Looking closer, he saw that it was Annabeth and James. He had a bad feeling about what was happening. They were sitting therejust laughing like they were best of friends. Then he saw an unholy sight. And by the gods did it break him in two. Percy felt no emotion, he just couldn't. He took the box that contained the ring and threw it towards them, hitting Annabeth in the head. Her eyes widened when she saw it was Percy. "Percy I-I didn't know you'd bethis early I-" her speech cut off when Percy put up his hand. Percy didn't blowup in range, cry, nothing. He felt nothing. It was all just a shock. He just shook his head, turned andsaid, "Goodbye Annabeth" and walked off. When he got to the Posideon cabin, he packed his bags. While doing so, he heard his door open. "Go awayAnnabeth." Percy stated, assuming it was her. "Umit's Nico and Thalia, not Annabeth. We have somethingto ask you." Nico said. Thalia spoke up, "We were wondering if you wanted to leave camp. You know, for good. You can bring Annabeth if you want." At hearing Annabeth's name, Percy closed his eyes. "What's wrong Perce?" Nico asked. "Annabeth is dead to me. She's a cheating bitch." Percy stated. "Tell uswhat happened. Now" Thalia stated. Percy told them what happened, from wanting to propose to Annabeth, getting the ring, and until now. "Wow that's some fucked up stuff dude." Nico muttered. "Yeah I know." Percy flatlyreplied. "This place has left us high and dry. No one cares about us. The people who basically saved the world. Percy come with us. We can start a new life away from these assholes." Thalia declared. Percy perked up at this, "Alright I'm down for that. Let's go now, I see you guys have already packed and so have I." And off they went. Percy left a note for Chiron telling them they were alive and not to worry. However as soon as they walked out of camp, they were in council room standing before the gods. "What the hell justhappened?" Percy exclaimed. "Hello demigods. You are before the Olympian council." Zues bellowed in his dramatic tone. "Uh why is that?" Nico asked "To decide your fate. Be banished from camp and Olympus,or stay." Zues answered Percy threw his head back and said, " By the gods why does this always happen to me!?" The children of the big three stood before the council waiting to end judged. Heistawas taken off of the judging sobthere would be no chance of a tie. "All in favor of banishing Thalia Grace, Nico Di'Angelo, and Percy Jackson? 7 of 13 hands rose. Which belonged to Ares, Aphrodite, Demeter, Hera, Athena, Hephaestus, and Dinosyous. "Well then it's settled. Percy, Thalia, and Nico are to be banished." Zues bellowed, saddened that they are to be some thought they were becoming too powerful. They were flashed away with their belongings, into a forest in Manhattan. "Well that changed nothing. We had already made the decision to were already betrayed by everyone. Only adds seven Olympians to that everyone." Percy shrugged. "Yeah, you're honestly right." Nico agreed, while Thalia nodded her head in agreement. "Alright on to a new life!" Percy cheered with Nico and Thalia doing the same. They walked off, not knowing a certain creator was watching them the whole time. Five years later . Percy, Thalia, and Nico were walking through the forest in Manhattantrying to find a good place to set up camp. For the past five years they've been traveling the world helping demigods and just having fun. They've all grown up tremendously overtheyears. Percy, now 23 standing at 6'5,has a solid 8 pack, toned muscles all over his body, and sharp facial features, that has every women he comes across swoon over him. And his sea green eyes have become even more appealing than has learned to use a bow decently now, and still had his care free, happy demeanor, despite his past. Thalia, now 23 standing at 5'9, has grown into a stunning women. She left her spiky hair behind and now has beautiful shoulderlength hair. Not just her hair changed however, she has the face to rival he most beautiful models on the planet with full plump lips, curves that leave every guy looking behind when she passes, and has longtoned legs. Her electric blue eyes have become more soul piercing than ever and still has her feisty attitude. Nico, now 21 standing at 6'3, has grown up the most of all. He now has a solid 6 pack and toned body, his olive colored skin has become much more appealing because of it. His dark brown eyes, able to pierce into the soul of anyone who looked into. He no longer reeked of death and now had a much more friendly aura. Little does he know, he hascaught Thalia's eye. "So what are we gonna do now?" Questioned Percy. "Shit I don't know, maybe we could skydive into the Sea of Monsters." Thalia sarcastically replied. As the exited the forest and headedinto the city. Nico just laughedwhile Percy scowled playfully, "Whatever pinecone face. Hey look, there's a nice restaurant." "Oh thank the gods, I'm so hungry" whined Nico. As they walked in and got their tables and ordered. When their food came they were all excited. Thalia got a bacon cheeseburger with mozzarella sticks, Percy got a steak and loadedbaked potatoe, and Nico got grilled chicken and salad. They made jokes and had fun while they ate. As they were getting up and paid for their meal, three waiterslooked at them creepily which didn't go unnoticed by them. They knew something was up. As they entered the forest again, they tookout their weapons. "You're not fooling us, just come out already." Nico said boredly. "Ah yesss an excellent meal for ussss. And children of the big three no lessss." A hideous dracanae hissed. With her were two fat, ugly cyclops. "Come and try, you won't be the first to die in the process." Thalia said, electricity sparkling in her eyes. They all charged at once. The cyclops swung his club at Percy,who easily ducked under it. He rolled and stabbed the cyclops in the leg leaving his blade there. While the cyclops was in pain, Percy quickly formed a plan. "Thalia! Send a lightning bolt into the water!" Doing as Percy asked, the water became deadly with electricity coursing through it. Percy then made sharp ice shards with the water, throwing them at the cyclops. Once they made contact, the shards electrocuted the cyclops, making him turn into gold dust. Nico, who was dealing with his cyclops easily dodged all of it's attacks. He stabbed it in the stomach with his Stygian iron sword. He shadow travelled behind the cyclops and decapitated it, making it turn into gold dust. Thalia had been taken out herdracanae. As soon as it charged she just side stepped, making the dracanae fall, and destroyed her with a lightning bolt. As Percy and Nico finished, they looked over to Thalia who was on her phone looking through Instagram. They glared at her and she noticed, "What?" "You were just sitting there while we were fighting and not even helping us? And don't bring up that electricity you put in my water, you had already finished your opponent." Percy said. "Yeah, and you didn't even help me." Nico pouted. "Awww you two little babies can't handle some cyclops? Want me to get y'all some diapers and a warm bottle of milk?" Thalia smirked teasingly. The two boys couldn't help but laugh, "Whatever Thals, let's get going to my mom's house." Percy said. Just because they were banished from Olympus doesn't mean they couldn't see Sally Jackson. On planet Void. "Hmm they seem to be ready. I believe that it is time to begin training them." A handsome man in ablinding white suitsaid. "Yes, I believe it is. They have grown tremendously over the past 5 years. Their powers have grown to rival some Olympians. Not to mention that they've grown to be inseparable." A