Little Comforts I do not own the Hunger Games or any characters from the books. Suzanne Collins owns all rights and I make no money from this. This is for fun only. Katniss stumbled down the hall tears streaking down her face. The images of what had just happened kept replaying in her mind. She could not believe He had done that to her. She knew that he had always had feelings for her; ever since she and Peeta had come back from the first hunger games. Peeta oh how Katniss missed him. Peeta had died on the way back from the capital; his heart gave out as he tried to fight tracker jacker venom that Snow had put into his brain the stress had caused his heart to give out. Luckily Annie and Johanna were brought back safe, battered and bruised, but safe none the less. Ever since Peeta had died Gale had pursued Katniss to no end, no matter how many times she turned him down. Tonight however Gale had felt like enough was enough. Fresh tears made their way down Katinss' cheeks. Katniss made her way into the compartment she had been sharing with Johanna for about two weeks now. When Katniss arrived she saw a small note on her bed that read "Went to Finnick's for a while. Be back before lights out." Checking the clock Katniss saw she had about an hour before lights out. Without a second thought Katniss went to the in suite shower and began scrubbing herself. Blood was still running down her legs, but the flow seemed to have finally slowed. Katniss got out of the shower just fifteen minutes before Johanna was supposed to be back. Katniss threw on an oversized sleep shirt and some shorts. Katniss curled up on her bed knowing that she would not get much sleep tonight, but she was going to try. Johanna crept into her room fifteen minutes after lights out. She was expecting Katniss to be sitting on her bed waiting for her to come in. Johanna knew that Katniss had to fight the doctors to get her out of the hospital wing, and Johanna was grateful for it. It was hard to listen to the rules when she had always been the 'rebel' victor. Johanna was surprised to Katniss passed out on her bed. At first Johanna thought Katniss was finally having a peaceful night's sleep; however not five minutes of Johanna changing into her own sleep wear and laying down into her own bed Katniss bolted up right and let loose and blood curdling scream. "Shit!" Johanna said jumping up out of her bed going over and hugging Katniss. "Hey hey it is okay. It was just a dream shh." Johanna whispered into Katniss' ear as she stroked her hair. Johanna knew the only way to calm Katniss down was to comfort her. Peeta had told her that once, why she did not remember, but man was she thankful for it. Katniss clutched tightly onto Johanna's sleep shirt and began to openly weep once more. She wanted to believe Johanna that it was just a dream, but it was not Katniss was living in the nightmare this time. It took Johanna an hour to calm Katniss down, and even then Katniss would not let go of Johanna. That night was the first that Katniss and Jo shared a bed. Johanna was worried about Katniss; really worried. The poor girl seemed lost and broken. The only time Katniss had been like this was when she learned that Peeta had died, but even then Katniss had snapped out of it after five days; when her are Johanna had started to share a room. This time Katniss had been like this for close to two weeks. Johanna had no idea what had happened to Katniss but she knew whatever it was happened the night she had come into the room fifteen minutes after lights out. Johanna guessed it had something to do with Gale. Katniss had been avoiding him like he was the devil incarnate. She no longer took him hunting; she would always drag Jo along instead. Jo was not going to complain since she had a crush on Katniss and it was well know that Johanna was not picky about her bedmates. If Gale was eating in the mess hall Katniss would skip that meal. Now that Jo thought about it Katniss had been skipping a lot of meals. Katniss would hardly talk to anyone, she never slept if she did she woke up screaming her head off, and she always had a lost and confused look on her face now. Johanna decided that if she could not get Katniss to talk about what had happened she would have to go to the only other person who would have a clue; Gale. Gale had just come inside from training when Johanna cornered him. "Hey Gale!" was all he heard before Johanna was dragging him by the scruff of his neck into an empty supply closet. "What the hell is your problem Johanna?" Gale was pissed Katniss had not even looked at him since that night. Gale was not sorry about his actions at all. He knew he had forced himself on Katniss, but damn it she had been teasing him ever since Peeta had died. Johanna smacked Gale bringing him back to the present. "Hey Asshole what the fuck did you do to Katniss? She has been a zombie ever since she finally agreed to walk with you after dinner two weeks ago. She won't eat or sleep; hell she hardly ever moves if she knows you are near. So tell me what the fuck did you to do my friend?" Gale let out a hardy laugh "I will tell you. I finally taught her to quick teasing if she was not going to follow through." Johanna tensed up she knew what Gale had done. It all made sense now. Katniss' nightmares, her not wanting to eat or be near Gale, even the lost look in her face. Johanna snapped; Gale was still laughing about the whole thing. She punched him right in the gut. Gale let out a woosh of air as he bent over. Johanna swiftly brought her knee to his face; she finished by kicking him right in his jewels. While Gale was lying on the ground Johanna bent down close to his face and said "If you ever come near Katniss again I will not hesitate to kill you." With that Johanna stood and walked away. Johanna left Gale crumpled on the ground. She left to go find Katniss; she knew now what had happened and she was going to do everything in her power to help Katniss heal. Katniss was in their room sleeping. Johanna simply sat on her bed waiting for either Katniss to wake up screaming or for her to just wake up. The only time Katniss had slept these passed two weeks was when pure exhaustion took over and her body would not move anymore. Jo guessed that exhaustion had finally won again since Katniss had been asleep for over an hour now without even moving. When Katniss had a nightmare she would thrash around until she woke up. Johanna decided to bring Katniss dinner; that is when she would let Katniss know that she knew. In the meantime Johanna figured it would be a good idea to go and talk to Finnick; if anyone could offer advice on how to help Katniss it would be him. Finnick was in a training room with Haymitch. Finnick was just playing with a length of rope tying and untying knots. "Hey Finnick could I talk to you alone for a second" Jo asked. Finnick stood up from the desk he was sitting on and walked over to Johanna. "What's up, Johanna?" Finnick could tell something was wrong; he was always really good at reading people. "Let's go for a walk." Jo turned on her heel and began to walk down an empty corridor. "I know what happened to Katniss." Jo heard Finnick take in a sharp breath. Everyone had been worried about the Mockingjay these past two weeks. "What happened to her? I know it was not good if you are coming to me for help." Jo nodded before she took a deep breath and said "Gale forced himself on her when they went for a walk after dinner two weeks ago. Damn bastard did not even care. Hell the fucker even bragged about it to me not even three hours ago." Finnick sucked in a breath before turning and looking at Johanna. "Please tell me you at least hit him." Jo nodded her head again "Yup punched him in the gut, kneed him in his face, kicked him in the jewels, and to top it off I swore that if he ever came near Kat again I would kill him." Finnick gave Jo a look "You just called Katniss Kat, Jo." Johanna glared at Finnick "I know and right now I don't care. I came here to get advice on how to help Katniss. She can't keep being a zombie. We all need her and she really needs to start training with the other soldiers if she really wants to kill Snow." Finnick gave Johanna a look that meant Sure that is all. You also want to help her because you have a crush on her. Johanna huffed "Don't give me that look. Please just help me." Finnick stared at Jo for a few seconds before nodding. "Okay first thing; don't pry just offer Katniss small comforts. Let her know you are there for her, but don't push. She will tell you in time. It is okay to let her know that she is not alone and that you know what happened; just not the fine details, Okay?" Jo nodded "Okay I am going to go get dinner for Katniss and me." With that Johanna walked off to the mess hall. Chapter 2 After arguing with a district thirteen guard for twenty minutes about why Johanna needed two plates of food to take to her room Jo finally just ended up snapping at the guy. "Look the Mockingjay is not feeling well, Ok? I am her roommate so I am trying to help her out by bringing Katniss her dinner! I know she hates to eat alone so I am taking MY dinner as well!" The guard's eyes went wide at the word Mockingjay. "Fine but if I get in trouble I will find you and pass my punishment on to you " the guard warned Johanna as he leaned over the smaller woman. Jo just scoffed and rolled her eyes she muttered "Whatever man" before walking into the mess hall to get Katniss and her their dinner. The walk back to the room was uneventful after the argument with the guard. Once Johanna entered the room she saw Katniss was wake and sitting up on her bed. The lost look still on her face; that look broke Johanna's heart. Jo took a deep breath before calling "Hey Brainless, I brought us dinner. Please try to eat." Katniss turned her lost eyes on Johanna and nodded a small weak "okay" was all Katniss said before she took the plate Jo offered her. Johanna sat on her own bed and began to eat her gruel. Johanna was not one to complain about the quality of food, but dang tonight's soup was really runny and bland. Johanna waited for Katniss to finish eating her dinner before taking a deep breath. "Katniss, I know… what he did… to you… I'm here… if you want… talk about it" Johanna said really hesitantly while watching Katniss' face for a reaction. Katniss' face showed fear and hurt before she whispered "how did you find out?" Johanna could not help but feel pain for Katniss. "I cornered Gale and made him tell