Okay, so I wanted to give you this before I disappear for a month to do NaNoWriMo. I'm calling it my warm up, since I started it yesterday afternoon and worked on it till midnight, then started up again this morning and have literally just finished. The result is my longest chapter of anything EVER, and it's only a one shot. It's 10,053 words long, 51,375 characters, 331 paragraphs and 15 pages on OpenOffice Writer. I feel a sense of achievment. :) Now if you'll excuse, I'm going trick or treating in less than an hour, and I still have to get ready. Happy Halloween, and I'll see you in December. Glitterb The Check-In Desk BPOV Everyone always said being dead would be peaceful. That whatever waited for us after death was wonderful, unlike anything else. Turns out they were wrong. Death is exactly like life, if not worse. The Afterlife looks like one giant city, sprinkled with suburban terraced houses, giant mansions, high rise apartment blocks and the occasional retirement home. Though why anyone would want to spend eternity as a frail, wrinkly bag of bones when they could be any age they want is a mystery to me. The only difference between life and Afterlife is that nobody dies here. Ever. So it just keeps growing and growing, getting bigger everyday as more people arrive. People have jobs here, people make lives that didn't happen when they were alive, sometimes with completely different people. They have kids that didn't exist on Earth, they have jobs they only dreamed of having, they do whatever they want. Me? I'm not so lucky. See, where you end up in Afterlife has a lot to do with how you lived, and how you died. There's no Hell, but people who did bad things end up in the less attractive housing, and people who died in accidents or from illness get the better houses. Bottom of the heap are vampires and suicides – we're on the same level in the eyes of whoever it is that decides everything around here. You're probably wondering which category I fall into. My death was an accident. That's what I tell everyone, and that's the truth. But the all powerful being, whoever they are, decided that since I intentionally jumped off a cliff, my death counts as suicide even though I wasn't trying to kill myself. Which is extremely annoying, because it means I'm stuck doing the job that no one would willingly do, something that only exists in Afterlife and is the fate of every suicide victim. I work at the Check-In desk. Allow me to explain. The Check-In desk is actually an entire building full of desks with people sat behind them. It's the first thing anyone sees when they arrive in Afterlife; a person behind a desk who asks you who you are, where you came from, and tells you where you're going next. Who you get is completely random; there are people working the desks from all walks of life, with all kinds of attitudes. If you're lucky, you get someone perky, someone who will explain everything to you calmly and cheerfully, and give you a positive outlook on Afterlife. If you're not so lucky, you get someone like me; grumpy, surly, and borderline depressed or worse, completely hating their new life and making you think that Afterlife is going to be a disaster. Which it isn't, to be honest. Most people are perfectly happy with the way they live now, even if they're working the Check-In desk and living in a cruddy little apartment with vampires for neighbours. Although that's mainly because most of the people in that situation are happy to be dead. They wanted to die. I didn't. Despite everything - despite having my heart broken by the only person I ever loved, despite losing my best friend to a weird secret cult, despite getting him back only to find that he now changes into a giant wolf at regular intervals, despite all of that – I didn't have a death wish. I didn't want to kill myself, and so this new life is enough to make me properly depressed, even if I wasn't before. Doesn't help that suicides have a visual representation of their death on them at all times; my skin is blue from hypothermia and I'm still coughing up water after almost a year of being dead. "Isabella!" I sigh. That's Jenna. She's my boss, sort of. All the people who work here are divided into teams of four or five, and Jenna is the head of my team. There's me, her, a middle aged lady named Betty, and Simon, who pretty much wins the prize for the gayest person anywhere ever. I turn to face Jenna. "I've told you a thousand times, call me Bella." "Yes, yes, I know you have." Jenna says, bustling around my office like some kind of beige coloured hurricane of order, straightening everything that I have out of place. She has this thing about having everything exactly as it should be, and never deviating from regulation. I've seen her check someone in without once making any kind of personal comment; she just works her way through the fields she has to fill in on the computer and tells them what to do next like a robot. "You have another soul coming in in about ten minutes," she informs me in that clipped tone of hers, tucking her mousy hair behind one ear and fidgeting with the collar of her turtle neck sweater. She always wears those things, in various nondescript colours, trying to hide the ruined skin of her neck. Jenna hung herself. She's still talking. "And then you're finished for the day. Tomorrow you'll need to be in at precisely six o'clock -" I cut her off. "What! That's two hours before my shift starts!" "I am aware of that." she says patiently, sounding slightly bored. "But we need you to do a run to Limbo to pick up a vamp who is finishing their time at 6:30 tomorrow." I sigh and go back to leaning on my desk. "That's not my job, it's Benji's." Benji is the person in charge of Limbo – which is kind of like a waiting room that you sit in for a certain amount of time to make up for the bad things you've done in your life – and he usually brings the vampires up himself. They always have to stay in Limbo for at least six months, and some of them end up being there for years. They tend to get kind of annoyed by that, so there's a reinforced containment unit that is used to bring them up to Afterlife, and Benji has to make a special run up here to deliver them. "Benji will be busy tomorrow. There's a flood about to hit Thailand, and he will have to deal with a big influx of new arrivals, as will we. He won't have time to bring this vampire up here, so you will do it." Jenna nods to herself, as if she has said something very sensible. "You will also be checking this vamp in." Now I'm worried. "But I've never checked in a vamp before. What if they're angry?" She shrugs. "It's not like they can hurt you." "Because that makes me feel so much better." I say sarcastically, trying to hide the fact that my stomach is fluttering with a million nervous butterflies. "If it's any consolation, you're getting the rest of tomorrow off once you've finished with the vamp, so there's really no need to complain." I frown. "But my day off isn't until Friday." Jenna shrugs again. "Don't ask me why it's happening, I'm just following the instructions I've been given." The light above the door opposite my desk flick on, informing me that I have a soul to check-in. Jenna takes that as her cue to leave, flitting out of the door to my right with a cheery, "See you at six Isabella!" I sigh and turn to face the new arrival, a rather confused looking young gentleman who as obviously come straight from Earth; the ones that go through Limbo know what's going on already, so you don't have to go through the whole, "Sorry, but you're kind of dead," spiel. "Afternoon sunshine." I say, pulling his attention to me. "Welcome to Afterlife. Let's get this over with so you can get on with being dead, shall we?" ~TCID~ I'm out of the building as soon as I've sent the poor sap on his way. Lucky thing's got a wife waiting for him in a nice little house in Suburbia. Good for him. I jump on the street car as it passes the offices, as do five or six other people heading my way. You can almost see the pity hanging in the air as the other passengers turn to stare at us. Most people don't care, but I find it annoying. Why do we need to be pitied? Why are we singled out at all? I never will understand why suicides get so much grief from everyone else, like we've done something horribly wrong by killing ourselves. And now I'm including myself as one of them. Great. Even better; there's no free seats in the whole car. It's not that crowded really, and there's a few empty seats, but that means sitting next to someone, and I don't want to ruin someone's day by being me. I sigh and reach for a strap above my head, pretending that I prefer to stand. "Excuse me dear," says a kind voice from my left. I look down to find a pretty woman smiling up at me, patting the seat next to her. She has big green eyes that crinkle at the edges, and her hair is tucked up into a tight up-do and hidden by her hat. Her dress is long, touching the ground, and I can see black lace-up boots peeking out of the bottom. Walking around Afterlife is like stepping into a living history museum; everyone tends to dress according to the fashion when they died, so her turn of the century garb doesn't draw half as many stares as it would do on Earth. "I don't mind if you want to sit next to me." she says, still smiling. Honestly, I'm a little stunned. I don't tend to talk to many people here, only the ones I know and the people I work with. I've never had a complete stranger talk to me before. In my surprise, I run on instinct and sit down beside her. "Thanks," I mumble, trying not to look at her. She sort of reminds me of Esme, and I really don't need to be reliving those memories right now, particularly with my assignment tomorrow. "You're quite welcome my dear." she says, sounding cheerful. I'm jealous. I hope she'll leave it at that, but she doesn't. "Have we met before? I'm positive that I recognise you from somewhere." I look sceptically at her clothing. "I don't think so ma'am." I reply, wondering if she's mixed me up with someone. That's pretty difficult, I think; I've never seen anyone else with blue skin, even around here. "I'm sure I know you." she insists. She studies my face for a moment before her eyes widen and a smile stretches across her face. "I remember now!" she exclaims, and I glance around to make sure no one is looking at us; she is very loud. Her next words make me whip my head back around to stare at her in shock. "You knew my son!" I frown in confusion, almost completely convinced that this woman is a nut job. "I did?" I ask. "When?" "In Forks, remember?" she insists, looking very excited. "Oh, you helped him so much dear. He was never the same after he met you. So happy, after