- e 1 Roseanna Ellis walked side by side with her Mother as they walked through the Muggle train station. Muggles weren't that odd to her though. Her Father was a Half-blood and her Mother was a Pureblood. Her Father used to take her to Muggle skating parties and little shops and restaurants. She admired the fancy restaurants he took her to. "Come, dear." Her Mother said pointing at the brick wall. Roseanna recently transferred from Beauxbatons. She was starting her fourth year at Hogwarts. Well, it wasn't her fourth year in a row at Hogwarts, but she is entering fourth year. Roseanna turned 14 on April 12 recently that year. Roseanna held her cart handles. She had a copper cat with a darkish red and white streaks through it named Rosebud. She had got her a few days ago. She stared ahead at the blank wall. She raced forward running straight into the wall. She felt a mist against her skin and opened her eyes. She smiled to herself. Her Mother had probably apparated home already. She wasn't very supportive of Roseanna. She collided with someone as soon as she walked forward. She saw a flash of raven black hair and some round glasses fall. She immediately let go of her cart and bent down to help him up. "I can't see!" he yelped. "Reparo," Roseanna muttered handing him his glasses. He gawked at her for a few seconds. She tilted her head and had a bemused expression on her face. She heard some snickers and looked over to see a dark-skinned boy, a pale boy with platinum blonde hair, and a ivory cream boy with short curly brown hair laughing in her direction. She raised her eyebrows and found out they were looking at the odd boy next to her. "What?" she asked softly as usual. She walked forward and looked up at the pale boy. She just realized how short she was. She felt extremely vulnerable. He looked down at her. "I don't think that is any of your business," he hissed. "Oh please back up I smell your dirty mudblood stench." he sneered and looked at his cronies. They started laughing. "For your information, I am a Half-blood. I also feel a bit bad for you since you have no friends. It seems these two fellows right here just do what you say because they are scared of you. I am assuming your only friends because your parents or other family members arranged it." she said smiling up at him. He scoffed. "Touché. At least I have them as far as I see no one around you has even talked to you. So you can take your pathetic excuses for insults a-and." he stopped. He looked to the tall boy with flaming red hair and numerous freckles. "And you'll what Malfoy?" he asked placing a hand on her shoulder. Roseanna looked up innocently and stared at this so called Malfoy. The pale boy walked away hissing to his followers. "You okay?" he asked quietly. "Yes." she replied serenely and walked off. The other boy she helped was gone. She decided to drop the subject of the boy bullying her. Forgive and forget, right? She grabbed her cart and walked up to the train. The train started moving after the horn went off. She threw her bag onto it and grasped onto the ledge. She pulled herself up and brushed the invisible dust off her skirt. It's already becoming a long day.. She thought. Roseanna walked through the compartment halls and found no seats available. She walked past the last one and saw the curly haired boy, the pale blonde boy, and the dark-skinned boy. The curly hair boy patted on the seat next to him. She stared at it and walked farther into the hall. She found this is where the older children sat. She decided to avoid it. She felt a tug on the back of her dress and someone pulling her by the arm. She squeaked in shock and found herself in the compartment with the three boys. "What do you want?" she asked kindly. "She'll be a Hufflepuff." the blonde one said. "No she'll be a Slytherin. I think she secretly has ambition and will seek revenge." the curly haired boy said. "She'll be a Ravenclaw you prats." the dark skinned one hissed. Roseanna looked at all three of them in bewilderment. "Why am I here?" she asked again kindly with a tiny bit of hidden venom in her voice. "They think you're cute." said the dark-skinned one. "Shut up you arse!" the curly haired boy hissed. "No I don't that was Theo." the pale one said quietly with venom overflowed in his voice. Roseanna raised an eyebrow and snorted. The two boys blushed and averted their eyes from her. "Well it seems I must be going. I was quite okay sitting in the hall alone. And I must change into my robes." she said softly. Theo nodded grinning. "Ew you pervert!" the dark-skinned boy hissed at the same time as she walked out. She sat in the hallway and grabbed her robes from her case. She took them into the robe changing room. She made sure to lock the door with multiple charms in case that one fellow got curious. Roseanna looked at herself in the mirror. "Too innocent and vulnerable looking my child." her Mother would say. She smiled into the mirror. Her blonde curly hair that passed her shoulders slightly. It took her a while since she spent a product of time on her hair. Her's was neat unlike the one girl with the birdnest hair. She was certain her last name was Granger. Roseanna had big bright blue eyes with perfect clear alabaster skin. She was a bit short but the right weight. She was wearing a white and navy blue dress with a sailor look to it. She wore long white socks and black flats. She wore a matching white headband with a navy blue bow on it. She stripped down quickly and dressed herself in her robes. She wore the grey skirt and the long black robe with the Hogwarts emblem. She put on the white long sleeve shirt and put the grey vest over it. Roseanna took off her headband and placed on a grey, black, and white one. It was exactly the same with different colors. She put on her long white socks and put her flats back on. She grinned in the mirror and raised a delicate hand and touched her hair. It was soft. She sprayed her hair with double dutch apple scented hairspray to make the curls stay longer without the stiffness. She stuffed her clothes from before in her case and opened the door. She gasped and jumped back to see the three boys smirking. She was extremely glad she put on silencing charms. Her eyes widen. What if they used a complicated spell and saw her. She felt a brick fall onto her guilt pile in her stomach. One by one they put their hands out. Roseanna thought cautiously before shaking their hands. "Theodore Nott." the curly haired one said. "Blaise Zabini." the dark skinned one said. "Draco Malfoy." the pale one said. She felt uncomfortable and left as soon as they let her. She heard Theo mutter a few curse words. She found an empty compartment. She sat in it and laid down on the cushions of the seat. She closed her eyes and laid her hands on her stomach. She heard the train coming to a halt. Her eyes popped open to see Theo. Her head was on his knees. Her eyes widened as she realized he was watching her. "What the flying-" her thoughts caught her off. He probably watched me sleep she thought with a shudder. She zoomed up brushing herself off as if he had an infection. He smirked as she turned to see the other two boys. She grabbed Rosebud's cage and her case and left the compartment without a comment. She breathed heavily as she walked. She had broke into a run and got off the train first, but unfortunately, it drained her energy. She tripped over herself from speed walking. She groaned quietly. She scraped her arm and knee. She had a bloody nose from hitting it on the ground. She forgot about charms and heaved herself up and kept walking. "Those ter' be sorted. Come ove' her'." A giant man said cheerfully. She saw the boys walking close behind her and she hurried over with the first years. The giant man raised an eyebrow. "I'm a transfer." she said softly and followed the crowd. Hopefully those odd men didn't see her. They were led into a large castle with various stairs. The fellow students to be sorted were panting, but she barely drew a long breath. "You, the following rest, will be sorted into your Hogwarts house. The houses are, Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin." McGonagall said scowling at the last house. Professor McGonagall led them into the Great Hall where a hat sat on a stool. She called upon everyone until she was the last one left. "This is our transfer student from Beauxbatons in fourth year Roseanna Ellis." said Professor McGonagall kindly. There were few applauds mostly gawking. She heard a whistle from someone and she assumed it was probably one of those boys from earlier. She sat upon the stool and stared at the ground with a faint smile on her face as the teacher placed the hat on her head. "I'm liking your personality already. But I don't like it has honey dripping from it. You disguise yourself in a kind mask to hide your manipulativeness without knowing. I'd have to say.. Gryffindor!" it screamed. She smiled. She knew she was getting glares from some of her Gryffindor classmates. Mostly girls. She sat on the bench. There was a space with no one there. No one sitting beside her. She smiled as the food appeared. Suddenly two boys sat beside her. They were twins. "I'm George." One said. "I'm Fred." said the other. "Wait.. No I'm Fred!" said the first one. "And I'm George! Has our life been a lie this long?" The second one said. Roseanna giggled at their humorous act. They smirked. "We reckon we're friends." said Fred. "Right?" both of them said. Roseanna nodded and proceeded to eating as they chatted. She bit into her apple and saw blood run onto it. She was still bleeding. She completely forgot. She touched her cheek to feel a shallow gash. She winced. "Need help with that?" George asked. Fred and George cast out their wand and muttered a few healing spells. "We made sure there wasn't a scar still on your pretty face." Fred said. "We usually leave the scars for other people." George said kindly. She nodded smiling. "Thank you." she said quietly cleaning off her apple. They ate and ate until Headmaster Dumbledore made an announcement. "This year, we will have, the Triwizard Tournament! We will also have Quidditch practice for Gryffindors on Monday, Hufflepuffs on Tuesday, Ravenclaws on Wednesday, and Slytherins on Thursday." he said. "Mr. Bartemius Crouch explain and welcome the students!" he said cheerfully. Bartemius Crouch came in and explained. Overall, 3 people were doing life-threatening challenges and the winner will get a trophy. Only 17 and over. Roseanna didn't really want to participate if it was life-threatening, but it was only for 17 and over. "Please welcome, the magical young ladies of Beauxbatons!" he said loudly. Roseanna saw Fleur Delacour come in. Fleur gave her a cheery wave along with the other girls that did the same. She waved back. People were watching her, but switched their attention when they started a routine. Fleur and Roseanna shared something alike. They both had Veela in their blood. Her great grandmother was a Veela and Roseanna's mother was a Veela. That's where