Author's Note: This was my little attempt to participate in jennycaake's/madgesundersee's 12 Days of Gadge on tumblr, for the prompt "Mistake." Madge was not a morning person. But her new boss was, and he wanted his "team" (ugh) in the office when he arrived, which meant Madge had to drag herself into work long before she was ready to deal with humanity. In the elevator each morning at 6:55 a.m., she felt like declaring war against every single other passenger for taking up space and pressing buttons for all the floors standing between her and Floor 48. Coffee helped her cope. And so did the Elevator Hottie. She first noticed him one morning when the woman standing next to her unthinkingly swung her gym bag into Madge's side, which shoved her into the guy standing next to her. "You all right?" he asked, steadying her. She nodded, eyes locked on her triple grande nonfat latte to be sure it hadn't spilled. Then she glared at the woman with the weaponized gym bag who was now busy obliviously pushing her way out of the elevator. "Sorry," she muttered to the guy, retreating back into her own space, though not before noticing how good he smelled: earthy and spicy at the same time. Clean. He was easy on the eyes, too, with tousled dark hair, killer cheekbones, and a wiry frame. She guessed he was about her age, a plus. He gave her a polite, restrained smile and returned to staring sternly straight ahead over the heads of the other elevator passengers. Sipping her coffee, Madge watched him and tried to guess where he worked. He wasn't wearing a suit (promising), just khakis and a striped button-down shirt under a rain jacket that looked like it could protect him in a hurricane. Maybe he was a skier? Snowboarder? He must have felt her studying him, because he turned his head and gave her a quizzical look. Madge promptly returned her gaze to the back of the head of the man standing in front of her. She shouldn't just ogle people, no matter how hot they were. Or more to the point, she shouldn't let herself get caught. Eventually, the elevator arrived on the 48th floor and Madge pushed her way out, steeling herself for another morning with her obnoxiously cheerful boss. She saw the elevator guy again a few mornings later, and twice the following week. Then it seemed like she saw him nearly every day. It helped that she'd become militant about arriving at the elevator bank at the same time each morning, after not seeing him on the few days when she'd been running late. She and Elevator Hottie would nod in acknowledgment at one another, but they never chatted—that would have been a gross violation of elevator etiquette amidst the stony silence of their fellow grumpy commuters. Still, Madge could feel him watching her as often and intently as she watched him. She'd even spotted him looking at her legs one day when she'd worn a skirt. No wedding ring, she'd noted pretty early on. He was usually frowning or giving off an aura of general disapproval—never directed at her, more just to the entirety of the world—and she kind of liked that his expression matched her mood during those too-early mornings. These new hours at work were taking their toll on her; Madge's other boss came in late and stayed late. She joked with Delly about just bringing her sleeping bag to the office and cutting out the formality of walking home to her apartment each night. She found herself loitering in the lobby of the building every so often, studying the building directory for the floors above hers so she could speculate about where Elevator Hottie might work. Her guess was one of the engineering firms, since he never dressed up and one day she'd seen him in mud-spattered heavy-duty boots. Maybe he was with PanemDesign on 52 and had to visit work sites? She didn't think she was obsessed with him or anything, he was just... her entertainment on the long elevator ride, a pleasant distraction on those mornings when she happened to see him. And honestly, she could use all the external motivators she could get to trick herself into beating her boss to the office. December rolled around, bringing with it Christmas muzak in the elevator and holiday office parties throughout the building. One morning, Madge slipped into a barely-full elevator, and as usual she brightened when she spotted Elevator Hottie on the other side of the car. As the other passengers exited and the crowd thinned, Madge noticed that he was wearing a bright green sweater decorated with snarling white kittens clad in Santa hats. The kittens seemed to be using light sabers to duel with... mini Darth Vaders. Madge stifled a laugh, hiding her smile with a sip of her pumpkin spice latte. Elevator Hottie grinned at her, proudly tugging on his sweater's hem so she could see it better. Madge shot him a thumbs up. He was going to be a hit at whatever ugly sweater holiday party he was going to. There were even shooting stars sewn into the fabric with glittery silver foil. As more people exited the elevator and the remaining passengers rearranged themselves to maximize their personal space, Madge inched closer to the guy to get a better look at his sweater. It didn't escape her notice that he was moving toward her as well. When Madge saw that there were only two other people with them in the elevator and that both were listening to their iPods, she realized she and Elevator Hottie were practically alone. It was the best opportunity she'd had yet. She smiled and raised her eyebrows at his sweater. "Office party today?" He grinned and nodded. "We have a sweater contest. I got runner-up last year, but I'm going for the win this time." He sounded like he was taking this contest very seriously. "Darth Vader's a nice touch," she observed. "Kind of a retro thing?" "A classic thing," he corrected, looking down at his sweater. "Though I guess I did find this at a thrift store." Then he leaned in toward Madge and said conspiratorially, "It's my secret weapon this year. I'm hoping the new movie will give me a boost in the voting." "Good plan," Madge whispered back, thrilled to be so close to him. Distantly, she was also amazed that she could be so affected by someone she didn't even know. "You have to work whatever angles you can." "Exactly," he agreed. Then, to Madge's dismay, the elevator doors opened and she found herself staring at her company's logo mounted in large silver letters on the opposite wall as a greeting to all arriving visitors. They'd reached her floor. She'd never been more disappointed to arrive at work (and that was saying something). "Well, good luck," she said lamely as she stepped out into the corridor. This was another reason she didn't usually chat with people on elevators—awkward ends to conversations. Turning, she caught a glimpse of the elevator guy still watching her just before the doors closed and whisked him away with an efficient ding. Staring down the ugly side of another 14-hour day in her office, Madge was left with nothing but an empty hallway and a realization: she needed to see him again, and to have a real conversation. A few seconds in the elevator when the stars aligned wasn't going to cut it anymore. "This isn't too stalker-y, is it?" Madge asked for what felt like the hundredth time that night. "It's a little stalker-y," Delly hedged. "But totally within the range of plausible coincidence. You don't even know if he's here. And your cover story is solid." Delly and Madge were getting drinks together that night in their building's top floor bar and restaurant. Practically every office in the building held their holiday party here—the view of the city was spectacular—and Madge was gambling that Elevator Hottie's holiday party was up here too. She was determined to talk to him under non-elevator circumstances. From her own office's party at this same restaurant last week, Madge knew that the fringes of the area reserved for parties bled into the bar, so she didn't think it was too intrusive to park herself at the bar. Madge nervously sipped her vodka tonic and scanned the room while Delly chatted about their new project at work. There definitely was a holiday party happening tonight, but it appeared to be winding down (unsurprising considering it was a weeknight and getting to be late enough that the older people were putting on their coats and heading toward the exit). "Oh God, there he is," Madge said suddenly, clutching Delly's wrist. "Green sweater. Coming inside from the roof." Elevator Hottie was slipping back into the restaurant from the roof deck, along with a few other men. His hair looked more tousled and gorgeous than ever, thanks to the wind. Madge was encouraged; the fact that he'd disappeared to the roof deck was a good sign that the formal party was fizzling out. "He is hot," Delly said appraisingly. "Actually, he reminds me a little of Thom." Madge paused to wrinkle her nose—she didn't want to associate her elevator guy with Delly's boyfriend—and then focused on the guy again. "I have to do something," she said, downing the rest of her drink in one swallow. "I have to go over there and—. No, I should stay here, make sure I'm not interrupting him bonding with coworkers or whatever. I'll wait for a good opening. We could pretend to be leaving and I could just bump into him—." She broke off; the guy had seen her and was walking over. Straight toward her. By her side, she felt Delly stand up from her barstool and start to collect her purse and overcoat. " Do not leave me ," Madge hissed. "Did you see his face light up when he saw you?" Delly whispered. "Like a Christmas tree, Madge. Trust me, you do not need me." Madge didn't get a chance to protest further because the guy was close enough to hear. And speak. "Hey," he said, smiling at Madge. He stood with his hands in his pockets, the picture of casual ease in contrast to Madge's bundle of nerves. "Hi," Madge squeaked. "Is... your office party here? My friend and I were just grabbing a drink to celebrate... I was promoted today! So, we came up here. Because it's our favorite spot in the whole city." She just barely stopped herself from adding "...not so I could try to run into you or anything stalker-y like that." The vodka had gone to her head more quickly than she'd expected and she was pretty sure she'd already hurled herself over the line into so-obvious-it's-embarrassing territory. She might as well have put a sign around her neck announcing, "I wanted to see you and was willing to attempt to crash your office party on the off-chance that I'd run into you." It was official: coming here was the biggest mistake ever. This was what happened to people who never saw the light of day anymore: warped judgment. Why had she ever conned herself into thinking that showing up to her crush's office party was in any way socially acceptable? "Well, congratulations," the guy said. "Huh?" "On your promotion." "Oh! Thanks!" Delly chimed in. "Our managers have been really impressed with how early Madge has been getting to work lately." She shot a wicked smile at Madge and then announced that she needed to use the restroom. Madge wanted to murder her friend, but Delly was already speed walking to the women's room and besides, the guy had started talking again. "Your name's Madge?" "Yes," she said, nodding vigorously. That was an easy question. Something she could handle. "Gale," he said, extending his hand out for