Title: Behind the School Summary: Missing moment fic set on Reaping Day in Catching Fire , starting with Katniss and Peeta's family and friends waiting to say good-bye to them in the Justice Building. Gale/Madge. Rating/Warnings: Teen. Some swearing. Disclaimer: Not my characters. Author's Note: Continuation of "Happy Birthday, Katniss." See that story's Author's Note for more background. And actually, that story was originally a flashback to this one, but it grew so I decided to split them into two separate fics. Everyone else looked as queasy as Madge felt. They were all waiting in the Justice Building for the Peacekeepers to escort Katniss, Peeta, and Haymitch inside for their good-byes after the least suspenseful reaping in District 12 history. Madge also considered it the most horrible reaping she could remember. Sending victors—her friends —back into the arena was a new low, even for the Capitol. Madge shifted in her uncomfortable plastic chair and watched the rest of Katniss and Peeta's family and friends, everyone suffering privately and individually. Nobody spoke. Aside from the muted sound of Gale's pacing, the room was as eerily quiet as the town square had been during the reaping; the district's citizens had conveyed their disapproval of the entire spectacle with their silence. Madge felt her chest clench at the sight of Katniss's mother and sister huddled together on the edge of a bench across the room. Next to them sat the rest of Gale's family, lined up in apparent birth order except for the little girl, who was on their mother's lap. Gale's pacing circuit brought him in front of Madge again. He glanced at her for the briefest of seconds, but it was still enough to spur the familiar fluttering in her chest whenever his eyes met hers. She quickly redirected her gaze to her lap. "Hey. Madge." Madge looked in the direction of the speaker. Peeta's middle brother Emery glared at her from across the room where he sat with his parents and other brother. His blond hair stood in uneven spikes, the product of his nervous habit of running his hands over his head when stressed. She hated that she remembered these details about him. " Where are they? " he asked. Madge fought the urge to make a rude comment. She didn't have a telepathic link into her father's brain. She had been marched into the waiting room at gunpoint by the Peacekeepers just like everyone else and Emery knew that perfectly well. Ever proper, she limited her response to a terse "I don't know." "They should be here by now," he said. She didn't appreciate the implied accusation in his tone. "The Peacekeepers told us they would be brought in through the side door in the secured zone," she reminded him. Emery watched her expectantly. "The secured zone is secured . I can't get in." Not unless she wanted to get shot or thrown in the district jail. These new Peacekeepers didn't know her from Delly Cartwright. All she got for being the mayor's daughter lately was people like Emery wrongly assuming she knew more than she did. "You could do something ," he muttered with a glare. "Back off," Gale snapped. He paused his pacing to glare at Emery, who returned the expression for a tense moment before slouching against his bench. Gale continued to stare him down and then resumed his pacing without, Madge noticed, so much as a glance at her. Biting Emery's head off probably had more to do with Gale's dislike of everything Mellark than any interest in defending her. Mrs. Hawthorne smiled weakly in Madge's direction and then turned toward Katniss' mother and Peeta's parents. "I'm sure they'll be along any second now. Probably taking more of those publicity shots." Peeta's father nodded stoically and turned to look out the window. Katniss's mother didn't shift her blank gaze from the door, but did hug Prim again. Madge wished there was something she could do other than just sit in the stupid waiting room. Three Peacekeepers guarded the waiting area and she had no idea where her father was. He'd been swept up in a swarm of Capitol people as soon as the reaping had concluded. Madge leaned forward in her chair to rest her head on her hands and blinked back tears. Emery's questions left her feeling like it was her fault Katniss and Peeta were delayed. He'd robbed her of the right to feel as frustrated as everyone else. Distantly she heard Peeta's friends quietly confer with his family about who would go into Peeta's good-bye room first. They decided it would be wisest to let his parents and brothers go first, and then friends. Nobody said it aloud, but Madge knew why: if the Capitol was sick enough to force victors back into the arena, it could just as easily cut off their good-bye time. Like last year, when Gale's time with Katniss had been cut short and Peacekeepers had dragged him from the room. Madge remembered enduring renewed ferocity in his glaring afterward, his attempt to be sure she knew he regretted letting her go ahead of him. The door to the room clicked and swung open. In unison, everyone turned to watch the victors enter but all they got was Mayor Undersee. Madge could tell from his clenched jaw that he had bad news. "I'm sorry." He tugged nervously on his cufflinks. "They're on the train already. Change in procedure this year. Security concerns. Apparently." "We don't get to say good-bye?" Prim asked. Her voice wavered and she sounded even younger than she looked. Mayor Undersee shook his head. "I'm sorry," he repeated uselessly. " What security concerns?" Mrs. Mellark demanded. Mayor Undersee dutifully recited whatever the Capitol liaisons had probably barely even bothered to tell him, while Madge nurtured her internal flame of anger at the Capitol. On top of everything else, they put her father in this position time and again—taking the blame for decisions he had nothing to do with. It seemed to be his job description. While her father spoke, Gale walked toward the window and pressed his hands on the glass pane as though it was a prison wall. "Train's gone," he interrupted. Over his shoulder Madge could see the cloud of dark smoke already moving westward, away from District 12. The conductors hadn't even used the train's whistle. Prim lost it, her sobs muffled only by the fact that her face was buried in her mother's chest. Madge felt tears prick her own eyes as she watched Prim cry, and blinked quickly. She didn't feel as entitled to sorrow as Katniss's mother and sister. After a few seconds, Gale's mother moved to sit next to Mrs. Everdeen to provide whatever comfort she could, but then Posy started to cry as well. Madge doubted the little girl even understood the situation and was probably just responding to sorrow choking the room. Peeta's friends clustered briefly and Madge overheard them mention going over to one of their houses. Not one of them even looked in her direction. She hated that she still noticed and got bothered by these types of oversights, especially when there were so many other, more serious wrongs than Madge Undersee once again being ignored and excluded by her classmates. The choking feeling clenched her throat again as she remembered how Katniss was always so above all this, sitting blithely at their lunch table without paying the slightest attention to the shifting loyalties of the cliques and alliances of their classmates. Her father stood over her chair and placed his hand on her shoulder. "You need anything, Button?" She shook her head and focused on a piece of lint on the carpet. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Peeta's family following his friends out the door. Madge's father leaned over so she had to look at him. "I need to take care of some things here. Mom's sleeping but I'll meet you both for dinner later." In other words, Madge was on her own. Again. She didn't respond to her father and instead watched Gale's family leave with Katniss's mother and sister. It looked like their whole extended "family" was going to be together. Gale's youngest brother lingered to study Madge and her father, so Gale tugged gently on the boy's sleeve. Gale glanced at Madge for a microsecond before herding his brother out of the room. After they left, only Madge and her father remained. She crossed her arms and focused all her energy on not crying. Her tears always flustered him and she didn't want him to feel even worse about today than he already did. "Dad?" She tried to keep her voice steady. "Can I wait in your office with you?" He blinked in surprise. Madge hadn't wanted to spend time in his office since she was little, when she would put her coloring books in his old briefcase and walk to work with him on days when her mother was "sleeping." She could stretch out on the couch in his office and color quietly for hours. But there was no way she was going home today. Not until she could be sure that Capitol creep was gone. Her father nodded slowly and then put his arm around her as they walked down the hallway to his office. # Madge waited in the alley until the Peacekeepers marched past on their patrol, and then made her move. She walked purposefully through the schoolyard gate toward the storage building behind the main classroom building. Without looking behind her—checking for witnesses would make her look guilty and she intended to use the "I'm not doing anything wrong!" excuse if she needed it—she quickly approached the door, found the right key, and let herself in. It had been easy to "borrow" the keys. Her father's assistant kept them in the top drawer of his desk, and since it was a district holiday nobody would notice the missing key chain before she returned it. After her father had been sucked into a long videoconference with the Capitol and told her to go back home again, Madge really had no choice other than to take the keys. Inside the building, she tripped over a rolled up rug and fell to the floor. A small explosion of dust particles rose into the dark air, illuminated briefly when they crossed into the shaft of pale light coming from the lone window. The storage building smelled as dank as she remembered from the other times she'd used it as a retreat. Her family's housekeeper would have some choice words if she could see the way the school officials "stored" things during the summer. But the disorganization was fine with Madge—it made it easier for her to stow her own supplies. Weaving through broken desks and chairs, outdated textbooks, and deflated sports balls, Madge made her way to the back of the building. As her eyes adjusted to the low light, she located the dilapidated shelves where she usually left her playing cards. Mindless distraction was exactly what she needed today. As she inched back toward the light at the front of the building, the sound of the knob twisting on the door made her freeze. Had she locked it behind her? No! She ducked behind the nearest old desk, heart pounding. I was on an errand for my father , she mentally rehearsed. Then why was she hiding on the floor? Drat. I was on an errand for my father and I tripped on all this clutter , she revised. Totally stupid. How about: I fell asleep. Even worse. Who would sleep in this dingy, dirty place? The door creaked open. Madge held her breath in an attempt to be as silent as possible. "Madge?" Someone had seen her! But... she recognized the voice. Her heart started beating even faster, which she wouldn't have guessed was possible. "Madge. I saw you come in here."