Title: Happy Birthday, Katniss Summary: Missing moment fic set during Catching Fire . Gale, Prim, Madge, and Peeta plan a surprise birthday party for Katniss. Here's what happens at the party and afterward. G/M, K/P, G/K. Characters/Pairings: Gale/Madge, Katniss/Peeta, Gale/Katniss, Everdeens, Hawthornes, Haymitch. Rating/Warnings: Teen. Swearing and alcohol use. Disclaimer: This is fanfiction; by definition I'm just playing with SC's lovely characters. (Shhh, don't tell Gale and Katniss I called them lovely.) Author's Note: This is something I've had lying around on my hard drive since about February... I had to take a break from fanfiction for a while, but polished this up as a way of easing back into writing. Basically, it's a continuation of my "Saturday Night in the Seam" and "Tuesday Night in Town" stories, though I don't think it's necessary to read those first (just be aware that Gale and Madge have a somewhat awkward, unresolved history together, and talked about planning a birthday party for Katniss). Gale walked swiftly down the road toward the Victor's Village, trying to stick to the shadows to avoid attracting Peacekeeper attention. He was late for the party. Foreman Jerkoff Shipped In From Some Other District kept their crew after-hours to meet the ever-increasing quota, without overtime pay of course since they "should have" met the (impossible) quota during their shift. Then Gale had to stop at home to change into soot-free clothes and pick up the gift. He never wore his mining clothes to Katniss's new house. And he refused to show up to this party empty-handed. Skipping every other step on Katniss's porch, he paused before barging in. Through the large front window he could see everyone seated at the dining room table already. His family and Katniss's family, like all the old birthday parties they'd celebrated in the Seam, only now with more food, even more dire circumstances, and the (unwelcome) additions of Peeta, Haymitch, and Madge. When he pushed open the front door, Katniss turned around in her seat first, her face breaking into a relieved smile. Posy leapt out of her chair and ran over for a flying hug. He hid his wince as he lifted her. Every muscle in his body ached after that shift. "Sorry I'm late." Gale set Posy down and walked toward the table. "Long shift." "Just glad you're here," Katniss said. Thankfully, she seemed more relaxed than during her training sessions with Peeta and Haymitch. Mrs. Everdeen stood and moved toward the kitchen. "We have a plate in the oven for you, Gale." He noticed for the first time that everyone seemed to be finished with dinner, which meant he was even later than he thought. Great. Even better: there were no extra chairs. Peeta and Madge both jumped to their feet at the same time, offering him their chairs. They were seated on either side of Katniss, and while he was glad they recognized that he deserved to sit next to Katniss rather than either of them, he didn't like the idea of them getting credit for being the "considerate" friends while he was the "show up late" friend. But he pushed the feeling aside and took Peeta's chair with a nod and a grunt. Displacing Bread Boy for one meal was hardly payback for Peeta displacing Gale from Katniss's life, but at least it meant Peeta wouldn't be next to Katniss tonight. "Peeta, you can have my seat," Madge offered. "I'm going to tidy up in the kitchen." "I'll help you," Peeta said quickly and then they proceeded to debate which of them would clean, which Gale tuned out. Finally they both disappeared, much to Gale's relief. Less Peeta was always a good thing, and life was easier if he didn't have to think about Madge. "Happy Birthday, Prim-squeak," Gale called down the table to Prim, triggering her to giggle and roll her eyes at Rory, who shook his head in commiseration before they returned to whatever conversation Gale's arrival had interrupted. Their chatter seemed to cue the others to start talking again as well, with Haymitch picking up on a story he'd apparently been telling to Gale's mom and Vick and Posy about how one of the vacant Victor's Village homes was haunted. "You too, Catnip," Gale added in a quieter tone for Katniss. "Happy birthday." She scrunched up her nose at him. "I should be mad at you for this party. I'm only okay with it because it's for Prim, too." "I figured," he said, smiling in thanks as Mrs. Everdeen set a warm plate of heavenly-smelling meat—beef? Steak!—in front of him. "It was Prim's idea, and letting it be for her too was a compromise we worked out." Prim had been easy to convince to share the spotlight after Gale pointed out that a party where Katniss would be the sole focus was last thing her sister would enjoy. "So. Were you surprised?" "Yes," Katniss hissed, apparently still annoyed at having been caught off-guard, which made him regret even more that he'd been late. "Prim and I went into town to pick up the supplies from the train station and when we got back… Everyone was here. Well, everyone except you." He took a bite of steak and smiled smugly, glad he'd been missed. The meat was perfection and for a moment he couldn't even respond to Katniss because he was so focused on the flavors. By rights he should have hated the meal, paid for with Katniss's victor winnings and no doubt the result of slave labor in another district, but he hadn't eaten anything since choking down an undersized, stale tesserae loaf on his lunch break more than seven hours ago. While he ate, Katniss told him about the new training drills she and Peeta had been working on over the past week. It meant having to hear more about Peeta than Gale was in the mood for, but Katniss seemed to be encouraged at the progress they were making and didn't even complain as much as she usually did about Haymitch. He took that as a sign that the party had put her in a good mood, which was all he'd really hoped the evening would accomplish. Maybe give her a few happy memories for motivation when she was in the arena… It didn't take Gale long to finish eating, and as though on cue, the second he pushed his plate away the lights in the dining room flipped off. He was momentarily confused—the lights went out in the Seam, not in the Victor's Village—until he noticed the glowing candles sitting atop a large cake being carried by Peeta. The candle lights gave Peeta's face an ethereal glow, making him look like one of those cartoon angels on the TV shows Posy watched when the electricity was on. Mrs. E and Madge followed behind Peeta, carrying plates and ice cream. The two moms started singing the birthday song, joined enthusiastically by Posy, Peeta, and Madge. Rory and Vick mumbled along, clearly attempting to avoid being rude but not wanting to get caught singing. Haymitch seemed to subscribe to Gale's policy of No Singing, Ever, and sat back in his chair with an appraising look at the cake. Peeta set the cake down in front of Katniss and said quietly, "Happy Birthday, Katniss." He'd strategically approached her from the side Gale wasn't on, meaning Gale couldn't "accidentally" shove the guy. Instead he clenched his teeth at the intimate tone Peeta used with Katniss and the fact that even in the candlelight it was obvious she was blushing. She hadn't colored in the slightest when Gale wished her a happy birthday—she'd scolded him. Which was normal and he was glad for that at least, but seeing her act goopy around Peeta was nothing short of nauseating. Gale stood up and gestured Prim over to his seat so she could be next to Katniss and blow the candles out, too. The two sisters counted to three and then jointly blew, extinguishing every single flame. Everyone cheered while Prim whispered something to Katniss and they hugged tightly. It wasn't hard to guess what Prim had wished for. Gale could see Mrs. E biting her lip in an effort not to cry, and was grateful when Madge stepped forward to start cutting the cake. "Who wants a corner piece?" Madge asked brightly, raising her eyebrows at the younger kids, who were pushing to get closer to the cake. "I want a big corner piece," Vick said breathlessly. Gale tugged him back before any drool fell on the cake. "Katniss and Prim get the first pieces since it's their party." He squeezed Vick's shoulder and then leaned down to whisper, "but there are four corners so your odds are good." "Wait!" Katniss shouted as Madge held the knife above the cake. "I want to look at it first." To Gale's extreme annoyance, Katniss stared at the cake like it was prey she was tracking and then started blushing again. She glanced at Peeta, who shoved his hands into his pockets and looked at the floor, but Gale could see that he was hiding a smile. Gale tried not to sigh out loud. Their dynamic was getting tedious—each pretending that all they cared about was their training schedule, while secretly casting longing looks at one another when they thought they wouldn't get caught. He doubted Katniss even realized she was doing it. And Gale wasn't about to say anything to her about it, so he just pretended not to notice, either. Katniss leaned over to inspect the complex, multi-colored swirled mass of frosting, and was joined by the others. Soon there was a running commentary on the intricate patterns and people couldn't stop asking Peeta about how he made the colors and what tools he used. Gale pointedly looked at the ceiling, the wall, anywhere but the stupid cake. A cake was for eating, not for art. He noticed Madge watching him while she waited for the cake ogling to wrap up. She shot him a sympathetic smile so he narrowed his eyes at her. He didn't need her sympathy, and worse, he didn't need her understanding that he was annoyed at the cake worshipping session. Peeta also seemed uncomfortable with all the praise being heaped on him. "It didn't take that long," he protested. "I'm sure Madge spent more time making the decorations." He pointed to the ceiling and windows, which were adorned with a cheerful rainbow of streamers. Gale hadn't noticed them before: brightly colored, delicate papers twisted and draped throughout the room. Even the chairs were decorated. "It looks beautiful, dear," Gale's mom said warmly to Madge, who blushed and stammered her thanks. After what seemed like forever, Katniss finally finished memorizing the damn cake and let Madge start slicing. As his siblings crowded around her, Gale stepped away from the table and leaned against the dining room wall, distantly observing the scene. The mood in Katniss's house had—understandably—been strained and tense ever since the Quarter Quell announcement, and he was grateful for the elevated atmosphere this evening. Sometimes the constant babbling and high spirits of his brothers and sister were a blessing. Katniss's shoulders weren't tense for the first time in weeks, and she even laughed at Posy's re-enactment of one of their Seam neighbors discovering a snake in his coal bin. Gale watched Madge slide generous slices of cake onto plates. She was wearing a light blue sundress, and whenever she shifted to hand someone a plate he could see the outline of her bra under the thin fabric. He wondered if it was the blue one he'd seen in her bedroom. From his spot on the wall, he had the perfect vantage point to check her out without raising any suspicion; he was far enough away that he just appeared to be watching the scene at the table, and everyone else was occupied with conversation and cake. Watching Madge was an indulgence and