Author's Note: New stand-alone story, not related to any of my other stories (though it shares some DNA with the characterizations in "The Campaign"). I'm posting the whole thing all at once rather than splitting it up since it's so hard for me to get computer time these days. Enjoy! Madge straightened Gale's collar for what felt like the twentieth time as they waited on the front porch of the Undersees' house. His collar was fine—besides the fact that it was uncomfortable and he'd give anything to be in his paint-specked work clothes instead of this stiff, preppy button-down shirt—Madge was just anxious. This was their first dinner with her parents since they'd gotten engaged three months ago. Madge's eyes skimmed over him one last time, though instead of her usual lingering, hungry assessment of his body, she was clearly seeing him through her parents' eyes, checking for flaws in his appearance. "You'll try not to bite their heads off, right?" she said. "They're trying. Really. This is a good start." Gale fought the urge to grimace. He was nowhere near as optimistic as Madge, but he didn't want to add to her worries. "I'll be good," he said, reaching for her hand and squeezing. "It'll be fine." Especially if they could get in, eat, and get out. "Think we'll be out of here by eight?" he asked, peering around Madge into one of the windows to see if her parents were near the door yet. He'd been up since five a.m. working on a kitchen remodel and didn't have much patience with the Undersees even under the best of circumstances. "Sure," Madge said a little too eagerly, practically confirming there was no way they'd be free by eight o'clock. The door opened seconds later, spilling light onto the porch and illuminating Madge so she looked like she was glowing, leaving Gale in the shadows. Mr. and Mrs. Undersee enveloped their daughter in hugs, offered Gale tight-lipped smiles and nods in greeting, and ushered them both inside. Madge handled the conversation—enthusiastic responses to the flurry of "So glad you could make it" and "How was the drive over?" comments. Within minutes, Gale and Madge had shed their overcoats, been armed with glasses of red wine, and were pulled into the Undersees' lavish living room, assured that dinner was nearly ready. Maybe they could just catch up while they waited, perhaps talk about the wedding party and the guest list? Gale settled back in his seat and took a sip of wine, aware that this conversation did not involve him. The wedding was going to be approximately 75% Undersee guests and 25% Hawthornes, which was saying something considering the number of aunts, uncles, and cousins that Gale had. The Undersees apparently had a lot of business and social acquaintances they "had" to invite. "It's important to them," Madge had pleaded in the weeks after they'd gotten engaged, when she'd started negotiating a resolution to the opening skirmishes of the Hawthorne-Undersee Engagement Hostilities. To say that her parents had been less than thrilled to learn of the engagement was an understatement. They'd only recently grudgingly accepted the idea that Madge was serious about Gale, nearly a year after she'd found a job in the city where he was living and moved to join him there. They never came out and said it, but Gale knew they didn't think he was good enough (meaning: rich or well-connected enough) for their family. Gale's own regard for the elder Undersees hadn't exactly soared when they backed down on their opposition if he and Madge agreed to a large wedding hosted by the Undersees. "I'm their only child and they really want this," Madge had said. "It's one day, Gale, and they'll pay for everything and arrange it all. I don't want a big fuss any more than you do, but as long as you and your family are all right with it, then I don't mind giving them this. We'll have the rest of our lives for us." It was a testament to how much he loved Madge that he agreed, but agree he did. She'd handled all the planning decisions so far by phone with her parents; tonight was their first in-person meeting about the wedding. Everything had gone surprisingly smoothly so far, which only made Gale that much more suspicious. "And is your little sister still interested in being a flower girl, Gale?" Mrs. Undersee asked, snapping his attention back to the conversation. "Posy will be 13, Mom," Madge said. "That's a little old for a flower girl. I actually thought she could be one of my bridesmaids. I think she'd like that, don't you, Gale?" Madge was smiling at him, but Gale frowned in response. "Posy'll be 12." Madge knew that—they'd gone to Posy's birthday dinner just last week. Madge didn't usually flub details about his siblings. "No," Madge said slowly, "she just turned 12, so she'll be 13 the summer after this one." Gale sat forward. "But the wedding's this summer." Mrs. Undersee laughed lightly. "Oh, that's impossible. It's already practically February. We don't even have a venue yet! And we can't even tour possible locations until we nail down this guest list, sweetie," she said, turning back to Madge. "Now, hon, it wouldn't be too awkward if we invited the Bakers, would it? I know you and Calvin dated in high school. But Selena and I serve on the Cancer Society Board together and I'd really like for her to attend." Mrs. Undersee kept rattling on about various guests while Madge tried to apologize to Gale with her eyes. How did he miss that the Undersees had successfully pushed the wedding out an entire year? Had Madge told him? He admittedly didn't pay close attention when she got off her marathon phone calls with her mother and relayed to him the abbreviated version of whatever decisions they'd made, but this was major. "Why does it have to be a summer wedding?" Gale broke in. Mrs. Undersee stared at him as though he'd grown a third head. "Well," she said in a patronizing tone, "summer is the season for weddings. And you and Madge said you wanted an outdoor ceremony to feel 'closer to nature.'" Gale set his wine glass down. He needed to keep his wits about him when battling the Undersees. Trust Mrs. Undersee to take the one mild preference he'd ever expressed about the entire wedding and turn it into a delay tactic. "It doesn't have to be outside," he said evenly. "Madge?" Looking between him and her mother, Madge bit her lip and slid her hands under the legs, scrunching her shoulders higher. She looked like she was trying to shrink into the sofa cushions. Before she could respond, Mrs. Undersee spoke up again. "We already discussed this, Madge," she said testily. "Inside or out, pulling off anything sooner than the summer after next would be a logistical nightmare. We're cutting it close as it is. All the best vendors will be booked already, your father and I have those trips to Geneva and Provence to work around... And what did that scheduler tell us about the country club's availability, dear?" Mr. Undersee picked up his cue and listed the myriad reasons why planning a wedding of this size any sooner than the following summer was on par with traveling to Mars. Gale was about to point out the obvious fact that the wedding didn't need to be so massive, but he noticed Madge watching him worriedly and bit his tongue. They'd have to talk about this later, when they were alone. Eventually the cook came in and announced that dinner was ready, so they all relocated to the formal dining room. Madge tried to offer him a whispered "Maybe next spring would work?" as a concession, but he knew better than to get into it with her at dinner. He just needed to suffer through the next hour and a half, maybe two hours. He'd endured much worse than this before; he could handle David and Marilyn Undersee. Not that much handling was necessary; he was as non-essential to the dinner conversation as he had been before. Madge tried periodically to give him context about the people they were talking about—the guest list deliberations continued, interspersed with gossipy updates about so-and-so's sons and daughters getting into Yale, or sailing through the Caribbean, or cashing in on a start-up's IPO—but Madge couldn't keep up and what did it matter, anyway? Gale figured the point was to exclude him and to make him, and possibly Madge, feel bad about their ordinary lives. It wasn't working on Gale and he hoped Madge was letting the comments slide off her back, too, though it was always hard to tell with her where her parents were concerned. "So, Gale," Mr. Undersee said as the salads were being cleared, "How's work these days?" "Picking up," Gale said neutrally. "Glad to hear it. You know," Mr. Undersee mused, "people remodeling their homes is a good sign that they're prepping to put them on the market. The housing market may be bouncing back. We may need to do some re-balancing in our investment portfolio," he added as an aside to Madge's mom. "Remind me to call Angus on Monday." Madge jumped in. "Gale landed a new client this week," she announced proudly. The Undersees smiled and nodded approvingly. "Is that so?" Mr. Undersee asked. Glancing at Madge, who was gesturing for him to keep talking, Gale said, "The guy whose kitchen we're working on right now referred his neighbor to us. That's all." "That's not all ," Madge said. Turning to her parents she added, "Gale and his friend Thom almost have enough extra business to start their own company." " Almost , but not quite," Gale clarified. But things were looking good. He'd taken to driving past potential workshop locations on his way home each night. Mrs. Undersee paused in pushing the risotto around on her plate to favor Gale with a frown. "And to pursue this venture... you would quit your job?" He bristled, annoyed at the implication that he was irresponsible or didn't know how to manage his money. "Haven't worked the timing out yet," he said tersely. Mr. Undersee smiled in Gale's direction, clearly seeking to diffuse the tension. "Well, as I always say, the power of word of mouth should never be underestimated. I attribute my early success at the bank to word of mouth. Which reminds me, Madge, whenever you're ready, I would be more than happy to set up that lunch for you and Sylvia. She went to Wharton too, and has some ideas on how you could spin your non-profit experience into a compelling personal statement. Non-profits need marketing and executive expertise, too." With that, he launched into his favorite topic: how great it would be for Madge to follow in his footsteps and cap off her English and music degrees with an MBA. "Sure, maybe," Madge said noncommittally before deftly asking her mother a question about the fundraising auction one of her charitable groups had recently organized. Madge had gotten her father off her back, as usual, and kept the peace, as usual, but it bothered Gale tonight more than it usually did. Was this why their wedding was getting pushed out a year? To give her parents more time to break them up and ship her off to graduate school, preferably far enough away that she'd leave Gale behind in the dust? It wouldn't surprise him. The Undersees had initially been indifferent to Gale, though he hadn't realized until later it was because they'd never seen him as a serious prospect. In their eyes, he was clearly just Madge's college boyfriend, her experiment with dating someone from an undesirable tax bracket. After Madge graduated and moved back home, they'd more openly opposed him, arguing that he was holding her back and derailing her from