The Unknown Hero This is going to be part of the Severus Snape series that I am doing. I originally meant for it to be a trilogy, but the ideas have grown and I'm thinking of expanding to more stories instead of it just being a trilogy. My plans for 'The Infilatrator' have changed and is now being developed until a new working title and new story-idea that I had in mind. Anyway, this story is of an idea that I've been wanting to do for some time. Similar to Redemption and also The Mysterious Traveler , this does indeed have a story-arc involving Severus Snape leaving Hogwarts to pursue a new life. But this one is going to be a little different. For one, it will literally start after Severus has already left Hogwarts. I don't want to reveal too much, but it's an idea I've been wanting to do for quite a while now. I should mention that this story will have some similarities to another, recently-new story called ' Rogue ' (written by: Snape-Doe-Patronus). I'm in no way stealing from that story. It just so happens to have a few similar plot-devices that I've been planning to use for this story. I totally recommend checking this story out when you get the chance, because it's really good. I guess you can say that this story got my inspiration and motivation going. In speaking of inspiration, another story that is helping me in writing this is a fan-fic called ' The Fourth Champion ' (written by: James Spookie). And I also recommending giving both this and his other stories a try. Anyway, I welcome those who are familiar work and those who are new. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter! This is just for fun! Please enjoy my newest Harry Potter fanfic (though technically it's a Severus Snape fanfic) and 3rd official installment to my Severus Snape series , 'The Unknown Hero '! Chapter One: The Fourth Champion The Great Hall filled with students and school staff as the announcement of the Champions were about to begin. The whole castle had been anticipating this day since the beginning of the school year. Bets had been placed on who would become the Champions for the Grand Hogwarts Wizard Tournament. Gossip and excitement filled the two months after Headmaster Albus Dumbledore first announced it to a very surprised audience of students. As everyone took their seats on stands, Dumbledore immediately took his position by the Goblet of Fire that stood at the center of the Great Hall, which was covered by a golden cloak. The Goblet wasn't the original one that used for the Triwizard Tournament, but rather a new one that was personally made for Hogwarts's new proclaimed contest. "Attention!" Dumbledore's voice echoed throughout the Great Hall, silencing the chattering of the students and the staff. "As I once stated at the beginning of this new school year, this is a very special year. A year that promises peace and prosperity for all of the Wizarding World and others beyond our borders. And not so long ago, we were faced with a dark reality that was only getting worse with each passing day." Silent voices could be heard from different directions. "It seemed as though our world was on the verge of war. A war that threatened to take everything and everyone we held dear. I, myself, feared for what the future held for each and every single one of you." He paused, letting the moment sink in for them all. "But in our darkest moment, something unexpected happened, one that can only be described as a miracle. The very enemy, who threatened to destroy us, was defeated by an unknown hero." The whole Great Hall erupted with cheers and cries of victory, even with a round of applause. "And with the Dark Lord's demise by this hero, the Ministry was able to fight back and destroy the Death Eaters. And with them, the dark future that has haunted us for so many years." The clapping and loud roar of cheers restarted, this time louder than before. Smiling, Dumbledore raised his hand to silence the crowd, "Yes, it is indeed a time of celebration. A time of happiness and optimism. Which brings us as to why we are here now." Grabbing ahold of the golden cloak, he pulled it off the newly made Goblet of Fire, which immediately began to burn red and orange colors of fire from the top. Everyone stared at it with awe and wonder. "For the very first time, Hogwarts will be hosting its own Wizarding Tournament, the first ever in the history of Hogwarts. Similar to the Triwizard Tournament, the contest will have three tasks, each one more difficult than the last. However, instead of there being three Champions, there will be four. Each representing their House. And like the Triwizard Tournament, the winner of this contest will not only win Eternal Glory , but the Hogwarts Cup and a massive fortune." The students became more excited as two staff members brought in the rainbow-like, glowing Hogwarts cup from the doorway, setting down in between the Headmaster and the Goblet. "Let this be both a memorial and celebration of this new era for our world, to mark this special time for all of history to remember." He clapped his hands together. "Now, without further due, let's get down to the selection process." The Hall filled with excited voices as everyone tried to control themselves. Approaching the Goblet, Dumbledore reached into the fire of the cup and pulled out a parchment, reading the name on it. "Representing Ravenclaw, as the first chosen Champion, Kingsley Shacklebolt!" From the Ravenclaw stands, Shacklebolt made his way towards Dumbledore, smiling as his Housemates patted him on the back and cheered his name. Receiving the parchment, he shook the Headmaster's hand and was led away to a separate room outside of the Great Hall. Pulling out a second parchment, Dumbledore announced, "Representing Hufflepuff, Amelia Bones!" As the young Hufflepuff girl accepted her parchment and left, Dumbledore selected a third Champion that the Goblet had chosen and smiled as he read the results. "Representing Gryffindor, Head Boy James Potter!" The entire Gryffindor stand came to life as the cheering and screams echoed throughout the Great Hall and beyond. Students began to surround the Head Boy and cheer his name. Three other boys patted him on the back and congratulated him. As he got up, a redhead girl with green eyes pulled him into a hug and whispered something into his ear. Approaching the Headmaster, he shook his hand and accepted the paper. "Congratulations, Mr. Potter," Dumbledore smiled without regret. "Make us proud!" "Oh, I promise I will," the dark-haired teen replied with a smirk. Before leaving the Hall, he turned towards the entire school and shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!" Everyone cheered once more, making the walls and stands shake. Once calming everyone down, he reached into the Goblet for the final time and pulled out the parchment for the final Champion. The moment he read the name, his eyes widened and blinked, unable to believe his own sight. He blinked again. And then a third time, hoping to Merlin that he was seeing things. But he found that nothing had changed. Never before had something like this shocked the old Headmaster to his very core. He read the parchment one last time. As he stood there, realization slowly came to him that all of the student's attention were on him, waiting impatiently for him to announce the next Champion of the Tournament. But even as he raised his eyes towards the students of Hogwarts, he couldn't find his voice to address them. The very silence itself was growing too heavy, even for him. Already the students were whispering amongst themselves, confused and/or worried about the expression that was on the Headmaster's face. Clutching the paper in his hands, he signaled for the Heads of the Houses to follow him out of the Great Hall, leaving a very confused and slightly upset audience behind him. Traveling down the hallway from the Great Hall, he entered the room where the other Champions were and closed the door once all of the Heads of the Houses were inside. "Albus, what's wrong? Why didn't you announce the final Champion?" demanded Minerva. Dumbledore sighed and turned towards them, holding the parchment in his hands. "Send the Champions back to the Great Hall," he announced. "We need to discuss this matter alone." Though hesitant, the Heads of the Houses nodded and motioned the Champions out of the room, ordering them to return to the Great Hall and wait there. James Potter approached the Headmaster, "Sir, is there something I can do? Or Lily?" Dumbledore offered a low smile, "No, my boy. There's no need. The Heads and I just have to address an unforeseen... issue . You can do me the favor of helping the Head Girl keep order in the Great Hall, as you are now Head Boy this year." Nodding, the Gryffindor left the room as the doors closed behind him. As the Heads of the Hogwarts Houses approached him, Dumbledore sighed and turned to look at them. "Dumbledore, you're making us concerned," said Professor Sprout. "What is it that has you worried and pale?" "Who's name came out of the Goblet?" Minerva asked. "Surely one name can't be that concerning," Slughorn forced a smile on his face. "Unless of course, someone under the age of sixteen managed to get their name in." Dumblefore shook his head as he began to pace around, "No, that's not the case, Horace." Slughorn sighed with relief, "Well, that's good to know." "Dumbledore, just tell us who the fourth Champion is," Filius Flitwick exclaimed. Taking a deep breath, he announced them, "The fourth Champion that the Goblet has chosen was... Severus Snape. " A number of gasps came from everyone in the room, eyes widening with shock. Handing the parchment over to them, each of the Heads read the name before ending up back in Dumbledore's hand. Looking at the paper himself again, he read it once more. Champion for House Slytherin: Severus Snape! "How is that possible, Dumbledore?" Minerva asked. "Severus Snape died just the last school year." "It has to be a prank," Flitwick exclaimed. "The Goblet can't choose anyone who is already dead. The binding magical contract would have known that." "Then the Goblet wouldn't have chosen him," Sprout argued. "And I highly doubt that this could have been a simple prank. It's one thing for someone to be strong enough to use the Confundus Charm to get someone underage to be picked, but it's impossible for someone who is already dead to be chosen. No one can accomplish such a thing." "So what are you saying then, Mrs. Sprout?" Filius approached her, despite his size. "You can't possible mean that Severus Snape could still be alive." "That's preciously what I'm saying." Meanwhile, Professor Slughorn was completely oblivious to the conversation that was going on at the moment. The voices sounded like distant echoes down a long tunnel, just barely reaching him. His mind was lost in his own world, trying to comprehend that his former House student's name had come out of the Goblet and was now believed to be alive. "But we saw him die," countered Minerva. "We all saw his body." "Very true, Minerva, we did indeed see his body," Dumbledore continued to pace around. "But we never officially saw his death." "If he is truly still alive, then why haven't found any evidence of him still alive, until now? The boy had no money or resources to make it happen, nor still remain alive on his own." "Well, he was in the good graces of Lucius Malfoy. Maybe he helped him fake his death and go into hiding," Filius offered. "If that were true, then we would have found him alongside the Death