Redemption Alright, so I decided to give this one a try. For those who are new to my stories, I welcome you and hope you enjoy my work. For those who are familiar with my stories, I welcome you back. Anyway, I wanted to try out the Harry Potter fandom once more and this was the kind of story that I really wanted to do. Severus Snape is a very interesting character to me from the Harry Potter series. While he is definitely a jerk and has made me wish someone would put the hurt on him, I do have sympathy towards him. There is a reason for why he is like this in the books. He grew up in an environment of parents and friends who had a huge negative impact on him, and was bullied around by those who barely knew him. So, the way I see it, Snape's formation into the cold, heartless being he becomes is largely due to the influence of the world around him. Does that excuse him from the things he has done? No. He is responsible for his actions, but I think people misunderstand the circumstances of the life he was forced to live. When he was put in House Slytherin, he was also put into an environment of people who were against those who weren't pure-blood. And lets not forgot that no one ever gave him the time of day to actually give him a chance or even just try to be friends with him (with the exception of Lily that is). James Potter and the Marauders most certainly didn't help, with their bullying and hatred towards him. Anyway, I'm getting off track. The story is about Snape during his fifth year at Hogwarts and his realization of what he was becoming when he goes to far with a certain incident involving Lily Evans. I've always fantasied about the idea of 'what-if' Snape had taken the incident more seriously and saw it as a wake-up call that snaps him out of the whole 'pure-blood', 'Lord Voldemort rules', 'Dark Arts' insanity he was believing in. While I did like the concept, I also realized that I needed to expand the story a little more and decided to add in a few more plot elements and characters to keep it interesting for me to write. So please bare with me as the story goes on, because it will take different turns along the way. Also, just to make myself clear, "I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters. They all belong to J.K. Rowling and to Warner Bros." With that out of the way, please enjoy! Chapter One: The Loss of a Friend Severus Snape sat under a large tree by the Great Lake, reading a book about the Dark Arts that was given to him by one of his fellow members of House Slytherin. The sun was shining on the surface of the green grass and reflecting off the waters of the lake. No cloud was in the sky and the weather was hot, representing the arrival of summer in June. Everyone was outside, either sitting in the grass, swimming, playing chase on broomsticks, or even just walking and visiting with their friends. All within the exposure of the sun. Except for him. Snape wasn't used to the warm weather or the sun's light. He tried to stick to being in colder environments and within the reach of dark spots wherever he went. He couldn't explain it, even if he wanted to, as to why that was. Even others in Slytherin were the same, always preferring the cold and dark, both in more ways than one. With his back against the trunk of the tree and his legs almost to his chest, he kept his attention to the dark colored book in his hands, never straying his eyes away from it. "Oi, look over there!" came the one of the very few voices in all of existence that made Snape's heart and mind fill with hatred. He dared not to look up, hoping that the person wasn't talking about him. "This'll liven you up, Padfooot!" "It's pathetic little Snivellus Snape, himself!" said another voice. Already he could hear the footsteps reaching his ears as he groaned to himself and closed the book with a taut. He looked up and saw James Potter and his gang of Marauders, made up of Sirius Black, Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew, coming right towards him, laughing. Only Lupin had a fearful expression, looking conflicted with himself. Reaching for his wand, Snape picked himself off the ground and took a few steps away from the tree, getting his wand ready for a fight. Just as they were almost to him, he raised his wand and tried to shout Stupefy at his opponent, only to feel his wand snap out of his hand and onto the ground within seconds. He immediately realized that James had anticipated his attack and had sent a silent E x pelliarmus at him. Before he knew it, James pointed his wand back at him and said, " Impedimenta." The force of the spell sent him flying against the tree and back onto the dirt below him. Before he had the chance to get up, he felt himself being lift off the ground and into the air, almost as if something was holding him by his leg. He tried in vain to make sure his Hogwarts uniform didn't reveal any undergarments, beginning to hear chuckling. The commotion had already gotten the attention of other students, who gathered around in a circle to watch. Although he didn't have a good sense of his surroundings, he could hear laughter coming from all directions. He spun around a little bit and finally came into view of James Potter, who was smiling at him in a way that only fueled Snape's rage and humiliation. It soon dawned on him that James had used one of his own spells, Levicorpus , to attack him. It didn't really surprise him all that much, since the spell was no longer a secret. He did used it himself in the Defense of the Dark Arts more than he should have. "Hey, everyone look!" James yelled over his shoulder to get the attention of everyone around. "Snape's robes haven't been washed yet! Seriously, Snivellus, you really need to wash yourself more properly. You look like you haven't changed your undergarments in weeks." The laughter got louder, beginning to sound like loud bells in Severus's ears. "More like months!" came the voice of Sirius. "Or years, for that matter!" Peter jumped in. The only one who didn't do anything was Remus, who had turned away in shame. In his moment of anger, Severus yelled out all sorts of curse words at his enemies. He failed to realize his vision was blinded by a mist of red and black. "Wash your mouth!" James said coldly, while still holding that smile of his. He turned around to look the other way, using his free hand to move his hair around. When he faced Severus again, he shouted, "Scourgify!" Pink soap bubbles came running out of his mouth and nose, making him gag and choke. Though his lungs begged for air, he dared not to believe in the soap. Even in his anger and moment of panic, he wished for death to take him. He wanted for it all to end right there and then. Finding peace that maybe his death would be the final laugh against James Potter. The act itself would make him a murderer, probably even get him sent to Azkaban. But he immediately remembered that Dumbledore would somehow get him off the hook. So much for 'no rest for the wicked'. At the point he thought he was going to faint, he felt the spell weaken its focus on him and stop, allowing for him to breath. Much to his disappointment. "What do you say we dip him into the lake until that horrible stench is fully gone?!" James called out to the growing crowd. "Should we Strip and Dip Snape ?!" "STRIP AND DIP SNAPE!" "STRIP AND DIP SNAPE!" "STRIP AND DIP SNAPE!" Even though one of the sides of his robes blinded him, he could feel the eyes of everyone on him and hear the demand of seeing him get stripped of his clothes and repeatedly dipped into the water. He could feel the blood rushing towards his brain and his sight getting more blurry. He could feel his hatred multiplying itself as each second passed. A rage that begged for vengeance against his enemy. "HEY, LEAVE HIM ALONE, POTTER!" came a girl's voice. Trying to find the source of the voice, he saw a red-headed girl confronting James. The green eyes of Lily Evans were staring deep into Potter's, almost as if she could burn right through them. Her hands were on her hips and her face was red as a cherry. "I said 'leave him alone, Potter' !" Lily repeated, looking directly into James's eyes with every sign of great dislike. "Go snog a witch or jump off a cliff for all I care!" James scoffed and laughed with his friends, with the exception of Remus, who was keeping quiet. For a single moment, Severus saw Lily smile. It was only for a split of a second, but he saw it. The sight almost sent him into fury, making him wonder if she was trying not to smile at him or James? Either way, it only added more fire to his anger. "Why do you defend him, Lily? He's just like the rest of those pathetic Slytherins." "It's Evans , thank you very much! And second, it's not nice to bully him around and violate his privacy just because he's not as popular as you. Besides, what's he ever done to you?" "Well, it's more of the fact that he exists, if you know what I mean..." "Let him down!" Pushing back his hair, James smiled at her, "As you wish." Almost without warning, Severus felt the force holding his body in the air let go of him. Bracing himself, he felt the hard surface rush up to greet him, and made sure not to land on his head. He could feel his sides and back ache from the impact, but forced himself to keep silent, not wanting to give his opponents the satisfaction of knowing the pain his body was in at the moment. Though managing to get himself off the ground and dust off the dirt from his robes, he struggled to get himself together. His mind was still swimming in a lake of pure anger from the experience, and his focus was full set on trying to hurt James right at that very second. He pushed aside his oily long black hair from the corners of his eyes and glared at James. He went straight for his wand and snatched it from the ground, ready to send a curse towards James, who saw him making his move. "Oh no, you don't!" Severus was felt his wand fly out of his hand again and his anger only grew bigger with each second. Lily immediately threw herself in front of Potter's wand, her face red with fury once again. "I won't ask again, Potter! Leave him alone!" she declared. "Don't make me hex you, Evans," James warned her, before smirking once again. "You know what? I'll make you a deal; go out on a date with me and I promise to leave Snivellus alone for as long as I live. Go on... Go on a date with me! You know you want to." Lily scoffed, coldly replying, "You think you're so funny, don't you, Potter?! I wouldn't go out on a date with you if it was a choice between you and a giant squid. You're nothing but an arrogant, bullying toerag, James Potter! Now