A/N: I promised I'd do this like 6 months ago, and when I was traveling this weekend I started getting ideas and I ended up writing this chapter. I hope you all enjoy. Rating for language, drug use, sexual content. It looks like a dollhouse. Like a dollhouse made of pink and blue cotton candy, whipped cream clouds above, nestled on an acreage beyond an equally pink picket fence. If you can stomach the Pepto Bismol hue, it's a dream Victorian home. Why have a little house on the prairie when you can have a big house in the Rockies? Big house, that's perfect, because that's essentially what it is - my prison for the next eight weeks. "Johanna!" calls Cinna with far more enthusiasm than is purely necessary. "Let's get moving! Your true you awaits you!" Pardon me for not being able to echo his excitement. I shouldn't even be here, it's not like I actually need their help. I met Cinna yesterday evening when my boyfriend, Blight, dropped me off at home after our few hours of work in the forest after school. It turned out he was actually dropping me into a sneak attack intervention. I walked into my living room to see the caramel skinned-man with a small afro and plenty of bling standing there in a blue t-shirt with "straight is great" blazoned across the chest. He told me that my parents, friends, and boyfriend wanted to have a conversation with me, and that he was there to help facilitate that dialogue. My reasonable confusion was solved pretty quickly when people started bringing up things ranging from the few times I'd made out with girls at clubs when we'd hit the city (who hasn't?) to my reluctance to kiss Blight (which I blamed on his prickly facial hair, to no avail), to my fondness for Orange is the New Black. Apparently, those things plus my vegetarianism and my Tegan and Sara poster add up to me being a lesbian. Cinna and my parents told me I needed healing, and the next thing I knew, I was being carted off to this facility in Colorado Springs, home of Hokus Pokus for the Family or whatever those creepy religious nutjobs are called. My parents are probably hoping True Directions can cure my agnosticism too. I reluctantly climb out of the vehicle and grab my luggage from the backseat. Cinna offers to take it, but I scoff and brush him off. It's mostly because I resent the fact that he's treating me like a little lady, but the whittling knife I snuck into a hidden compartment in my checked luggage also factors into me not wanting anyone else to touch it. It didn't even occur to me that I'd have to declare it at Customs until we were on the plane. I'm not usually that brainless. Thankfully, it slipped through. I've slung my small duffel bag over my shoulder and am rolling the suitcase up the sidewalk when the hot pink door swings open and a woman with flawlessly straight grey hair comes floating down the stone steps to greet me, closely followed by an African-American man decked out in blue, much like Cinna. "Welcome, welcome, welcome! You must be Johanna!" the woman beams. "I'm Alma, the founder of True Directions. This is my assistant, Boggs." The man behind her steps closer, and I immediately note his kind brown eyes that contrast starkly with Alma's almost inhuman light grey ones. All her grey features don't go so well with her bright pink outfit. I'm sensing a theme here. "Pleasure to meet you, Johanna," Boggs says in a tone as gentle as his eyes. He goes to grab my luggage, and I instinctively clutch it tighter. "We have a bit to catch up on, Johanna," Alma explains. "Boggs will just drop those off in the room for you so you don't have to drag them around the house. Don't worry, he won't bite." It's not him I'm worried about, to be honest. I hand the bags over warily, and he takes them with a silent smile. Cinna quickly steps up to take the duffel bag a little too eagerly, and the two of them disappear into the house. "Let's go chat in my office," Alma says with a smile that doesn't reach her eyes. I'm wigging out before I even walk in the front door. Everything about her, and this place, feels incredibly creepy and fake. A few minutes later, I'm seated across a glass desk from the founder, who has a name placard in from of her reading, "Alma B. Coin." I'll bet I know what the "B" stands for. "I went over more with the others in orientation earlier this afternoon," she explains, "But I'll give you the basics. It's a two-month program based on five simple steps." I cock an eyebrow at her with a hint of a smirk, and she quickly abandons her fake smile. "Let's just concentrate on the first step, Johanna," she asserts. "You admitting your problem." I still say nothing, so she clears her throat and begins, "When you see a woman in a tight skirt, and her long, beautiful legs…" "Listen, Mrs. Coin," I finally butt in, "no disrespect or anything, but you're wasting your breath. I'm not gay." "Of course you're not!" she smiles overenthusiastically. "Not at your core. The point of this program is to help you discover your latent heterosexuality. But you're getting ahead of yourself. First, you must admit that you have yet to discover it." "But that's not true," I protest. "If anyone knows what my sexuality is, you'd think it would be me." Coin purses her lips. "Yes, you would think." I lay my forearms on the desk and lean forward with unrelenting eye contact. "Are you a mind-reader, Alma?" I sneer. The older woman hardly seems perturbed, rather she mostly looks amused. It is irksome, to say the least. We are still locked in this staring contest when a knock sounds on the door near the back of the room. "Come in!" Alma barks. A jittery redheaded girl with thick-rimmed glasses timidly enters, also wearing a horrendous pink outfit. If they think I'm gonna wear one of those, they have something else coming. "Alma? Cinna said you wanted to see me." "Yes, Annie," she replies warmly, at least by her standards, "I wanted you to show our late arrival to the room, help her get settled in before she gets involved." Involved? I'm not sure I want to know what that means. Annie's eyes dart to my face and immediately away. I smile. Nothing like a little intimidation. Well, either she's intimidated, or she thinks I'm hot. I can use either. "Johanna, this is Annie," Coin says, pulling my attention back to her. "She's a fellow soldier fighting the battle for righteousness," she declares with fervor. My eyes and face scrunch. What the hell is with these people? "She'll show you around, and, well, you'll get acquainted." I'm sure we will. ***o*** We've exited the front door and started along the terrace before Annie says two words to me. Six, actually. "So, you're the one from Canada?" she inquires, still barely looking me in the eye. I chuckle. "My reputation precedes me?" "Alma mentioned it, said you had a long flight in." I roll my eyes. "It's not even that far, it's just that we had to drive to Prince George and then transfer in Vancouver because I'm from a logging town in the middle of buttfuck nowhere. That, and I only had this whole thing sprung on me last night, so I just left this morning. Barely had time to pack." "No point in packing much, anyway," she mutters. "We have to wear these things pretty much the whole time." "Well, I didn't know that." She shrugs. "What about you? Where are you from?" "California." "Oh, yeah?" I grin. "You a surfer?" "Swimmer. There's a boy here who surfs, though… he's also from Cali. And he swims, too. All-State." "Someone have a straight crush?" I tease her, poking her in the ribs. Clearly flustered, she ducks her head and pushes her glasses up her nose. "Don't get ahead of yourself, there. That must be at least a couple more steps, right?" That brings her eyes back up. "Alma didn't tell you all the steps?" "No," I smile in relief, "you interrupted at the perfect time, actually." "Mm. Well, you didn't miss much besides that," she muses, ushering me toward a pink door across a patio. "Group therapy and re-orienting exercises daily, family therapy on the weekends." "Re-orienting exercises?" "Something about our gender identities being all wrong." "Right," I scoff, "Because I don't wear pink all the time?" Annie looks over my outfit and ominously assures me, "You will soon," before swinging the door open and leading me inside. "Oh," is about all I can say. The room looks like a Barbie dream catalogue barfed on it, all pink and plastic and generally gross. There's another pink-clad girl in here already, lounging on one of the beds and reading a book. Great, is everyone here a giant nerd? It's just crossing my mind that having a bunch of lesbians sleep in one room might not be the best way to convert them when Annie addresses the issue. "And this is where we sleep," she says, stating the obvious. "But there's no inappropriate behavior allowed." "Inappropriate, Mermaid?" I purr, leaning in closer and winding a tendril of her hair around my finger. "What ever could you mean by that?" The girl brushes profusely, and I turn into the room, very pleased with myself. I may not be a lesbian, but that doesn't mean I can't entertain myself with them. In fact, it's better that I'm not, because I'm immune to their charms… but no one's immune to mine. I blink over to the other girl and immediately catch her striking grey eyes staring at me over the top of her book. She blinks away after holding my gaze for a few seconds, but with the book over her face, I couldn't get a read on her expression. "Hey," I greet her as I head over to the bed where the men dropped my bags, which happens to be adjacent to hers. "I'm Johanna." "Katniss," she says clearly but quietly in a deep, raspy voice, but with her nose still in the book. I squint across my bed and irritably kick off my shoes and socks. Unless you're talking about my family, in which I was the forgotten middle child until my supposed queerness made me special, I'm not used to being ignored. I don't like it. Before I have any time to question what I'm doing, I've crawled across the mattress and come to rest with my feet dangling above the floor, my short legs insufficient to reach it. I sit there and silently observe her until the awkwardness forces her to respond, either that or I've been looking at her long enough now to fully grab her attention. She lowers the book, giving me a better view of her smooth, olive complexion. Between her apparent height and dark, stony features, I can't help but observe that she's absolutely fucking gorgeous. Though the burbling in my stomach doesn't feel entirely like jealousy, it's still a huge compliment when I catch her eyes roaming my torso. I grin smugly as she finally meets my eyes, but this just pulls an annoyed grimace onto her face. So she's stunning and uptight. "Can I help you?" she asks impatiently. I smirk and slide my forearms down my knees, leaning in closer. "I'm sure you'd like that," I drawl, "but the sea siren over there just said that's not allowed." Annie huffs as she passes us on her way to the attached bathroom, only pulling my lips wider. Annie is closing the door behind her by the time Katniss