A/N: Joniss, mid-Mockingjay to post-Mockingjay. I'm writing it as a series of what could be oneshots in chronological order, with some minor plot adjustments of course, but since we all know the story I'm pretty sure this plotline will still make sense even if it isn't especially unified. The major downside is that I tend to just write whichever segment I have the most inspiration for at the time, so I can't guarantee regular updates early on. I'll be using a mix of book and movie canon, and I hope it doesn't get too confusing. I tend to use movie versions of scenes that are in both, and then assume that additional scenes from the book happened off-screen, if that makes sense. Fair warning, I love my Joniss with angst and lots of tension (sexual or otherwise), so this may not be everyone's cup of tea. Rating is for non-graphic descriptions of violence and torture, drug use, smut, PTSD, and lots of profanity. Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games or any of the characters. Some lines or passages are taken directly from canon or slightly altered. "Should you really be dancing?" I meet Prim's concerned eyes that have just been lingering on my ribcage. I continue to move opposite her within the lines of reveling refugees and grin sheepishly, shake my head. "Probably not," I admit, "but I'll be fine. Really." She still looks unconvinced, so I add, "I wasn't going to, but Johanna pointed out that it's the best way to piss Snow off. It'll be great for the propo." "So why isn't she dancing?" Prim asks. "I don't know." We continue to step to the beat for a few moments before she pipes up again. "You should ask her to." I blink in confusion. "Ask who to what?" "Ask Johanna to dance." I make a questioning face, and she smiles. "She's been having a really difficult time. She's getting better physically, but I worry about her head." I resist the temptation to point out that Johanna was basically insane to begin with. "Finnick's been so happy since they decided to hold the wedding, but between training and spending time with Annie, he hasn't been around to the hospital much. Beetee's always down in the dungeon somewhere, and Haymitch is still cranky from having to go sober – he's no fun for anyone to be around. And you were in Two. So she hasn't really had anyone to talk to, you know?" I glance over Prim's shoulder at the District Seven victor. She doesn't look particularly happy, but that's hardly abnormal. "Other than her head doctor, and I don't think that's really working out." Johanna catches my eye over Prim's back, and I quickly avert my gaze back to my sister. "Do you see her much?" "Well, she's eating in the dining hall with everyone now, but when she first got here I'd switch with the other nurses when I wasn't already assigned to her, so I could bring her her meals. Everyone else was so busy, but since I'm not an actual nurse I have a little more time to sit with people who need it." I smile proudly at the young woman in front of me, still so full of compassion and so attuned to other people's needs, even after all she's been through. Her selflessness reminds me of Peeta. I swallow down the painful lump forming in my throat at the thought of him, and how I'll never see that side of him again. "That was sweet of you, little duck." She beams at me. "I thought it was the least I could do. I saw how she tried to protect you in the Games. Holding onto you on the island, cutting out your tracker and leading the Careers away. It was really scary, but I could see what she was trying to do." That makes one of us. "She asked about you, you know. When you were in Two." "Did she?" That's quite a shock. I'd think my condition would hardly be of any importance to the older girl, considering that she had been nearly tortured to death herself. She's not exactly the definition of friendly toward me whenever we talk, either, which is actually quite often now that we share a room in the hospital. In fact, she seems to derive quite a bit of pleasure from antagonizing me and siphoning off my painkillers. "Yeah, she wanted to know how your head had been. I think she was worried she'd left you with permanent brain damage." "Not for lack of trying," I mutter. Prim's face crinkles and she shakes her head. "Don't be like that, Katniss. You know she was just trying to save you. She did save you." My eyes drop to my feet. I do always tend to assume the worst of Johanna, probably unfairly. "She asked about your neck all the time, too. She got really angry when she heard what Peeta did to you." "That wasn't Peeta," I snap. "He's not himself anymore." "I know that," she assures me. After several steps of silence, she smiles and says, "At least we have each other." That, I can't argue with. I return the smile and squeeze my little sister's hands, lock eyes with her and vow to forget about my troubles for the night. I can't ruin what could be our last chance at a good time together before I go to the Capitol and likely get myself killed. I want to leave her with the best memories of me that I can. My ribs really start to burn after a few dances, but I keep going for Prim's sake, and for the satisfaction of having Snow watch me dance with my little sister. The fiddler stops playing for a moment to take a swig of apple cider, and I gratefully take the opportunity to catch my breath. "You're okay?" I look over at Prim and nod. My lips can't help but crack into a wide grin at the sight of her eyes gleaming with happiness. Despite the pain in my side, a warmth and security that I haven't felt in over a year has flooded my body since I pulled her onto the dance floor. Just when I think I couldn't feel any lighter, a small hand slips into mine and tests that theory. I peek over my left shoulder and find myself staring directly into the piercing brown eyes of my morphling leech. My heart jumps, as it instinctively does whenever Johanna is in close proximity. She did almost kill me that one time, after all. "I meant with me, brainless." My eyebrows furrow as I try to place this comment, then take flight as I remember the last time we'd spoken, not twenty minutes ago. "Seriously, Twelve? You really didn't catch that?" "I guess not," I mumble, averting my gaze back to my sister. My sister who just so happens to be watching us and grinning giddily. She jerks her head upward and shoots me a thumbs-up, to which I roll my eyes and turn fully around. "It's not like you offered me your hand, Mason," I retort playfully. "How was I to know?" Johanna says nothing, just takes my right hand in her left and cocks an eyebrow. When I don't object, she laces our fingers together and adjusts her other hand so it rests on my hip. I comply and grasp her shoulder as she begins leading us to the sluggish melody that is just starting up. I'm vaguely reminded of the last time I slow-danced, with Plutarch at Snow's mansion. That was just as forced, and even more uncomfortable. Johanna may have an intimidating presence, but at least she is familiar. I'm used to having her body close, sitting next to me on the beach, pinning me down as she dug in my forearm for that tracker… I shake my head and blink to clear the jumble of emotions that well up whenever I consciously replay that moment. It was so gruesome, intimate, and quick that I've never managed to make much sense of it. I'm convinced that the concussion I had sustained mere seconds before that altered my perception of the scene, nearly as much as it was altered after the tracker jacker attack in my first Games. The only clear thought I'd managed then was that Peeta had just saved my life. But then Johanna had gone and saved my life in the Quell, and I'd been convinced that she was trying to kill me, even though she'd shown no signs of allying with my enemies like Peeta had. Of course, Peeta had the more affable personality of the two and wasn't known for trickery, but I still feel the weight of shame for assuming she had betrayed me, for not understanding that she wanted me to play dead and was leading the Careers away. If Prim could see it, why couldn't I? I really must be brainless. "Everdeen?" My eyes jump up and catch Johanna's amused gaze. "Quit staring at my boobs. We're not in the elevator anymore." "What? No, I…" I sputter, my face and ears on fire. "I was not staring at that . I was thinking, st-staring off into space." "Oh yeah?" She smirks and leans in conspiratorially. "Enjoying the view of the planets?" I drop my hand from her deltoid and turn to stalk away in exasperation, but she grips our linked hands tighter and locks her elbow, tugging me back. "Wait. Katniss, wait." I can't help but turn around at the sudden sincerity in her tone, though I do shoot her an unamused glower to compensate. "I'm just messing with you. We all do it, you know? You're fun to tease." I try to deepen my glare, but must fail because Johanna just snorts mockingly. "At least I'm not kissing you uninvited like Chaff did. Stay and dance." I don't move. "Come on," she urges, her smirk beginning to resurface. Her eyes somehow manage to both twinkle and pout at the same time, and somewhere deep in my bones I know that I'll never be able to say no to that face. Still, I feign reluctance as I place my hand on her upper arm again. "If you insist," I sigh overdramatically. Her hand returns to its home on my hip, fingers tracing my waist on the way, and my eyes flutter shut as I let out a small breath of relief. I take a moment to recollect myself before daring to catch Johanna's eye again. She's watching me with narrowed, inquisitive eyes, but says nothing. "I must say, though," I start, eager to deflect, "Chaff kissing me was hardly the most shocking moment of that evening." "Well," she purrs, pulling me closer to whisper in my ear, "I do like to make an impression." "Oh, trust me, you have that down pat. A strip tease is nothing compared to basically cussing out the president on national television." "I'm really proud of that one, actually," she grins as the final strains of the tune sound. I scan the floor in an attempt to find Prim again, but can't catch sight of her. I only then notice that the dance floor had cleared out but for a few couples during the slow interlude. I turn back to Johanna, not really sure how to extricate myself from her grasp or even if I want to. She seems just as paralyzed as I feel until spirited notes burst from the fiddle yet again. The dance floor springs back to life, as do my partner's eyes. "Hey, Twelve, is this a song where you partner off individually?" "It can be. Why," I drawl, "can't bear to leave me just yet?" I wink, surprising myself but apparently not fazing Johanna. Then again, she is known across Panem for her acting skills. "Please," she groans," I can't wait. But Finnick is