Visions of terror and grief dominate my memories. Blood and pain and death, so much death. Deaths of my loved ones, deaths at my hand. They follow me always, lurking like shadows in waking and seizing my consciousness in sleep. But there is one memory that haunts me above all others, most bothersome despite being far from unpleasant. It was not the first time one of us had crawled into the other's bed to calm her down after a nightmare. Not the first time her slim arms had wrapped around my quaking midsection, her steady breaths tickling the sensitive skin of my ear. But it was the first and only time the comfort cuddles evolved into comfort kisses and then something else altogether. Lips meeting skin, and then lips, and then other skin, sensations springing up in strange places. I remember the way she made me ache for her with slow, deliberate touches. The way she drove me absolutely mad, in a way I'd never known was possible. I remember fingers migrating down my abdomen, lips down my breastbone, garments down my limbs, wide brown eyes down my body. I remember my own hands exploring the soft warmth of another being, clutching at her, at this fleeting sense of connection and purpose. I remember their curious roaming and determination to even the score, to free her the way she freed me. The satisfaction I felt when they succeeded. I remember how I yearned for her after that night, how I craved a reprisal but was far too shy to ask, to do anything but try not to stare when she'd strip down in our compartment. It became much more difficult after that, not that I'd ever been very good at averting my eyes from Johanna. The closest I ever came to asking was resting my lips on the top of her bare shoulder while holding her from behind, after her nightmares woke me the next night. But when she failed to respond in any way, I lost all confidence. It never happened again, and I never had the chance to express what it meant to me. In hindsight, I think that was why I went out of my way to gather that bundle of pine needles for her after her flashback in the Block. I wanted her to know I cared about her, but how I felt was not something that could be put into words. Words were never my strong suit, anyway. They were Peeta's. They still are. They might be all he has, in fact. He speaks promises to me of a better life, of happiness and fulfillment. Empty promises, though that's hardly his fault. He's the mutt, but I'm the one who's broken beyond repair. He tries to fix me, with his arms and his lips. With his undying love. I wish it would work. No, I willed it to work, pushing forward when I felt the tiniest niggle of desire in my gut, hoping it would bloom the way it did once before, with her. I'd hoped I could find that spark again, whatever it was that made me truly want . I never have, despite his best efforts. There is comfort in his touches, but they lack fire. I thought I'd had plenty enough fire in my lifetime, but as it turns out, I long to be set ablaze again. That's why I'm here. The rain has finally ended, and with it my excuse to delay this last leg of my journey. Collecting my bag from beside me on the chipped cedar bench, I stand and leave the platform. Inside the train station, I ask for directions to the Victor's Village. The man in the ticket booth hands me a pamphlet with a map inside and draws on it with a freshly sharpened pencil, leaving flecks of graphite strewn along the route. "Twenty minute walk. Not too bad," he says. "Unless you want me to call you a cab." I decline wordlessly. The exercise will help calm my nerves, I hope. Folding the pamphlet back up, the man hands it to me, catching my eye. He recognized me from the moment I approached him, I could tell by the way he recoiled slightly. Maybe he was afraid I would shoot him in broad daylight too. "She still lives there," he tells me. Because who else would I be in Seven to visit, much less in the Victor's Village? How he guessed I came uninvited, I am not sure. Possibly my need for directions, or more likely something to do with her personality, or mine. I nod with a grunt, slipping the map from his grasp and averting my eyes as soon as possible. Slinging the strap of my duffel bag over my shoulder, I venture out into the streets, crinkling the pamphlet in an anxious fist. Vibrant autumn leaves litter the asphalt, clogging drains and leaving a stream of water to lap at my hunting boots as I walk. Somehow, those dead leaves appear more alive than I feel. At least they make a small crunch of protest when trod upon. I've long lost the energy to protest such things. Maybe that's why my life no longer feels like it's mine. Before I packed a bag and left Twelve on a whim a couple days ago, I'm not sure when the last time was that I made a decision for myself. I didn't choose where to settle after the war, who would follow me home, who would end up sleeping beside me at night. I could have chosen no one, could have said no, because it never felt quite right. Especially after Johanna. But I didn't. Probably my last conscious decision was last winter, when I chose where to aim that fateful arrow. I've drifted aimlessly since then, guided by circumstance and well-meaning people. My own impulses never came into play because I so rarely had any. Not until early that morning, when I slipped out from beside a sleeping Peeta and disappeared silently, the note not to worry about me a mere afterthought. I know why I left. An unexpectedly chilling nightmare that Peeta's presence would have only exacerbated. The urge to come here in particular, I have been questioning since I boarded the train. Johanna openly despised me in public and rarely more than tolerated me in private. Our one night of passion was an aberration, though not exactly unbefitting of our tumultuous relationship. I was probably nothing more than a conquest to her, or that's what I've always told myself to soothe the malcontent simmering under the surface. Her hot whispers against my cheek about the pure, almighty Mockingjay certainly suggested that, and turned me on in a strangely perverse way. But something about the way she held my gaze, not to mention held my hand, made me wonder if it was more than conquest and comfort. Made me hope, anyway. It's likely a foolish dream, but I can't stand not knowing any longer. Though Seven has but one surviving victor, several houses in the Village have smoking chimneys and lights on in the front rooms when I arrive. Not wanting to announce my presence to any more bystanders, I take a minute to scour the yards for signs of my feisty former roommate. Bedmate. The front stoop with the Go Away mat and angry axe marks pockmarking the bannister looks promising. A wave of dread and renewed anxiety blanches my face and makes my gut spasm. But I didn't come all this way to turn back now, so I steel myself and mount the steps, wooden boards creaking under my weight. Sucking in a breath, I lift my fist and knock. No answer. Frowning, I try again, to no avail. Patiently I stand there, occasionally knocking, unwilling to accept this outcome. Silence resolves nothing. Silence will not relieve the tension roiling in my stomach, nor answer the questions bouncing around in my brain. Stubborn as I am, I am equally weary, and the bag is causing a cramp in my shoulder. Shrugging it off and dropping it beside the door, I resolve to sit and wait for her on these steps. When I turn around to do so, I startle and just about slip on the slick wood. Johanna is standing in her yard, arms crossed, watching me with a completely neutral expression. How long has she been standing there? "Oh," she says. "It's you." When I fail to reply, Johanna cocks her head. "What's the matter, brainless? You gone mute again?" At my continued silence, her mouth curls menacingly, like a sadistic cat enjoying her prey's distress in its final moments. "I preferred that." Abrasive as ever. I shouldn't have expected any less. Forcing my face to go blank, I respond tonelessly. "Hello, Johanna." Prowling closer, Johanna climbs the stairs with deliberate steps and brushes by me, much closer than necessary. "Hello, Katniss," she purrs in passing, my name rolling off her tongue in a delicious way that sends a shiver down my spine, landing in one of those places only she has ever been able to activate. And with merely her voice, which is ridiculous. It angers me that she has the power to do that, to control me this way. Now all I can think about is my name pouring from her lips as she rode my hand to completion under the orange night-light of our compartment, greedy hands full of my br- "Tell me, Mockingjay," Johanna drawls, interrupting that barreling freight train of thought, "to what do I owe the honor?" She's leaning back against her door now, arms crossed once again. "I wanted to see you." My voice is rough from lack of use; I've hardly said two words to anyone since leaving Twelve. Can-you-tell-me-where-the-Victor's-Village-is? Okay, that's nine. "Liar." My brow furrows. "Why else would I be here?" "You suddenly just decided you wanted to see me?" she presses. Surreptitiously, I turn my head to peek behind me. There is no one in sight, but still, I don't want to discuss this out here. "Can we go inside and talk?" "You know, it's rude to invite yourself into someone else's home," retorts Johanna, but her shining eyes tell me she's trying to get a rise out of me. I won't give her the satisfaction. "It's also rude to strip naked in mixed company, but that never stopped you," I shoot back, unaffected. Though she doesn't give me a full smile, Johanna appears a little impressed. Kind of like when I was the only one who laughed at her joke about our alliance's survivors fighting over bread. Kind of like when she came down from the high I gave her that night, slowing her hips as she leered down at my exposed body. Smirking slyly, Johanna lifts an eyebrow and turns the doorknob, leaning backward to push the door open with her weight. "Be my guest." "You're so kind," I deadpan, because snark seems to be the only way to get Johanna's respect. If nothing else, it procures a grin. Nabbing my bag from where it sits on the stoop, I enter the house, deliberately bumping her with it on the way by. Her home decor reflects the flavor of her district: handmade carvings, rustic wooden tables, furniture upholstered with deep earthy tones. It's only surprising because the house's exterior closely resembles those in the Victor's Village in Twelve. More shocking is how tidy the place is. Johanna was a complete slob of a roommate in Thirteen, though I couldn't blame her at the time what with her state of mind and all. "This isn't so Capitol chic," I remark as Johanna shuts the door behind me. She shrugs her jacket off and hangs it on a hook while I add, "Effie Trinket wouldn't approve." "Effie Trinket can suck my dick," Johanna says gruffly on her way by me, automatically pulling a gagging expression onto my face.