Chapter 1: Finally Not First "Anything from the trolley, dears?" A recognizable, kindly witch smiled down at the three of us- my cousin and confidant Brooklyn Vawdrey, my other best friend Rossalene Chung, and me. We half-sat, half-lay haphazardly on the seats of our compartment, talking, laughing, teasing, dreaming. All three of us bolted straight up, however, when we heard that magical voice. "Three Cauldron Cakes," I sighed happily, digging into my pocket for my money pouch. Brooklyn already had her matching leather pouch, given to her when she was ten for Christmas just like mine, out and was rifling through it. "Three Chocolate Frogs," she said blissfully at the exact same time. Ross was loudest of us all as she held up six shining silver Sickles. "One container of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, please!" But the trolley witch was serving the car across from us first. We slumped in disappointment, robbed of sweet treats for a few more long moments. Once we had our sweets, though, Brooklyn dispelled with the pleasantries as she ripped open her Chocolate Frog. Sitting up stick-straight on the bench we were sharing, she got down to business. "We're second-years now, and you know what that means: Quidditch!" she declared, as if the two of us hadn't been having trouble wrestling our brooms into the overhangs of the compartment not an hour before. "Aly, did you practice for Beater over the summer?" "Of course ," I drawled, ripping off a chunk of my favorite sweet- a chocolatey, creamy Cauldron Cake- and popping it into my mouth. "Dad helped me practice, when he was home on the weekends- because he used to be a Chaser, he really knows how to chuck a ball. Will Greene doesn't stand a chance!" "Ross," Brooklyn continued, eyes snapping to the third of our little trio. "Did you decide what position you were going to try out for? You've had all summer to pick- we've got to start training you soon if you want a spot on the Hufflepuff team!" Rossalene shrugged and looked down at her hands, wrung together in her lap. She was wearing a wonderful Muggle disguise, all yellow sweater vests and grey slacks, whereas Brooklyn and I simply wore the grey skirts and white button-down shirts of our Hogwarts uniforms. "I don't know," she mumbled, toying with a loose thread on the hem of her yellow sweater. "I might just stay in the stands and- cheer you two on. I wouldn't want to go against either of you anyway, you're so passionate that I'd lose for sure." Brooklyn howled with laughter before realizing Ross was serious. "But you'd be so bloody amazing as a Chaser!" she pleaded. Our Hufflepuff friend shrugged. "I don't like the school brooms, they're too jerky- and Mum and Da would never let me get one of my own. That's too costly. Plus, last year, Sir Sutherland told me that I would need a lot of work to ever be able to fly a broom well. I don't think I'd be great at Quidditch." Brooklyn, between bites of Chocolate Frog, tried to persuade Rossalene to change her mind as I sat in the corner and speed-read through Miranda Goshawk's The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 . I had just begun to read Chapter Four, skimming over information about the uses of the Severing Charm, when Brooklyn grabbed my arm from across the compartment. She had switched to sit over by Rossalene, hence the reach. "Come on, Aly, you have to tell Ross she's got to try out! What will we do if we're not all on a team? It'll be pure madness. " "If I don't join a team, we'll all be able to sit in the stands together during the Gryffindor versus Hufflepuff match!" Rossalene offered cheerily. "If I do join a team, we won't ever get to sit together at a match like last year!" Brooklyn folded her arms and blew a lock of her long, wavy hair out of her darkly tanned face. "But I want to go against you as a Chaser-" "Let Ross alone," I told her, squeezing her hand. "It'll be nice to always have a dedicated fan, right? And when you're a famous Chaser with the Ballycastle Bats, we'll both be in the stands cheering you on." My dark-haired cousin, who took more after our twin mothers than I did, cocked her head to the side. She considered for a moment, then said, "Fine. But I think I've changed my mind about the Ballycastle Bats. I want to play for Puddlemere United instead." "Didn't you say the Melrose Magpies were the best team in the league?" Rossalene piped up. "Why not play for them? " " Montrose Magpies," I corrected before Brooklyn could get all hoity-toity about team names. Brooklyn huffed and waved her hands at us. "The Montrose Magpies are so overrated. Ballycastle Bats, too, and-" She held a finger to my lips right as I opened them so I couldn't speak. "And the Holyhead Harpies, Aly. I know that you like them, but the Magpies are from Scotland and the Bats are Irish and the Harpies are from Wales , and I want to lead a proper English team." "But the Holyhead Harpies are all girls." "So?" "So it would be a rather jolly time playing on an all-girls team!" I contested. "Who cares if they're from Wales or not?" " I care-" "The conductor says we're nearing Hogwarts." The three of us all looked up from our arguments to see two blonde girls blocking the way out of our compartment- one tall and lean, one short and curvy. They were, in order, Katy Beaurepaire and Maile Quentin, two best friends who were in our year, but Slytherins like Brooklyn. Katy, who known throughout the year as the best at astronomy, was prim, proper, and sassy; Maile was more interested in fashion and fashion design than anything else. Katy, looking down at us with sharp green eyes that were just a few shades darker than my own jade irises, was the one who had spoken. "It'll probably be about another hour. You'd best start getting dressed," stylish Maile added with a toss of her perfectly styled golden locks, and then the two friends vanished to warn the rest of the train. As usual, we were sitting towards the end of the Hogwarts Express, so after a few moments we saw the pair hurry back up towards the front car. When the train pulled into Hogsmeade Station just after dusk, all three of us were decked out in our full Hogwarts uniforms: grey skirts, white button-down collared shirts, grey sweater vests, and black robes emblazoned with our House crests. That meant the blue-and-bronze eagle of Ravenclaw for me, the house where dwelled the smartest, the most creative, and the overall best students of the year. Both of my parents, Benjamin Salinger and Hesper Black, had been members of Ravenclaw House- and no one had been more pleased than the two of them when I was sorted into the same House exactly a year ago today. Slytherin-Sorted Brooklyn, who as usual didn't have a hair out of place, even wore her Slytherin house tie already. "It's only the first feast of the year," I groaned to her as I climbed off the train, cage carrying my tawny Northern Saw-Whet owl, Peltie, in hand. Our trunks would be left on the Hogwarts Express and retrieved somehow later, meaning we wouldn't have to lug them all the way up to our dormitories. "I just want to show my House pride," Brooklyn clipped, all wide-eyed and innocent. I knew that the harmless act was a lie. My best friend had the sharpest tongue in all of England. We waited for Rossalene to follow us, Brooklyn even extending a hand to help her down from the train until all three of us stood solidly on the Hogwarts platform. Instinctively, the three of us turned towards Professor Maduthy- the short, stout, grey-haired witch wearing a crooked witch's hat, the professor who taught Care of Magical Creatures at the school and who was also the Hogwarts gamekeeper. Every year she brought first-years across the lake and into a sheltered cove, from which they would make the trek up to the huge double doors of Hogwarts for their Sorting before the first feast of the year. I remembered my clumsiness last year, nearly tipping the boat over, slipping on the pebbly floor of the cove. But this year… Someone seized the backs of our robe collars before we could join the gaggle of first-years surrounding the professor. "Sillies!" that someone scolded us. "We're second-years now, so we go in the carriages!" I turned to see my cousin and her best friend, two of my fellow Ravenclaws who were also my neighbors, respectively Helen MacDougal and Millie Thresher. All three of us lived in the small wizarding community just outside of London called Rowena's Borough. I'd heard of other wizarding communities named after the Hogwarts founders four, namely Godric's Hollow (birthplace of Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived), the Slytherin Quarter (a dark and dangerous place that was said to be haunted by the evil spirits of every Dark witch and wizard who ever lived), and Helga's Home for Wizarding Orphans (a cheery place that had been founded only in the last fifty years due to an abundance of orphans after the Second Wizarding War, but that was still quite famous among wizardkind). But I would've known Helen, although not really Millie, even if we didn't live only a few streets away from one another. My father's younger sister, Breya Salinger, had married a Hufflepuff man named Walt MacDougal who had been in my father's year at school. Helen and I had been born barely a month apart in the year 2029, almost six months after my mother Hesper's twin sister gave birth to my eldest cousin- you guessed it- Brooklyn Vawdrey. Although Brooklyn and Helen weren't really related, they still got along fairly well because they had a cousin in common. Me. "Carriages?" Rossalene asked. Helen, who'd spoken, nodded fiercely. Her hair was coming out of the two neat braids that Millie and I had created in our carpool on the way to King's Cross that morning, in wisps of golden-brown. "Yes, the invisible carriages! Goodness, Aly, didn't your parents tell you about them this morning?" Millie pointed with her free hand towards a line of black carriages, reins attached to nothing in particular, snaking up the hill towards the distant castle- our home away from home, the place where we learned everything we would need to know to survive as young witches in the Wizarding World, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. "Those carriages," she said, shifting the cage she carried from her left hand to her right hand and back to her left hand. In the cage yowled two sister cats- Mary, who was Millie's, and Carrie, who was Helen's. The tabby twins mewed happily and tried to reach their orangey-brown paws through the bars of their cage to catch the invisible insects flitting around us. I knew from last year that they were good hunters- when black mice had invaded the school last year as a warning of horrors to come from an angry spirit's attack on Hogwarts, Mary and Carrie had shown up without fail almost every night with dead black mice in their tiny mouths. They were considerably bigger now, though, so I could only imagine what kind of prey they could catch. I grasped Peltie's cage tighter. "What pulls them?" Millie shrugged. "Who knows?" Just then, the front carriage began to magically move, bumping over a rocky path heading up the hill to the castle lit up golden from its many windows. "Do we just choose one?" Ross cried desperately. Helen was already heading for the closest carriage, the door of which flapped open in