Broken Eternity Chapter 1, Waking Up "Bella! Wake up, you'll be wait for the bus!" A woman's voice called, her voice echoing across the halls of their small house. A brunette scowled slightly (her eye twitched, lip curled) as she shifted her eyes away from the text of one of her favorite author's first books. The suspense was killing her as she delved deeper and deeper into the story only for the feeling to end with her apparent mother's interruption. "No, I won't." The clock read that it was only half past six in the morning. The bus wouldn't be there for another hour. Clearly Renee was new to this parenting business and if the girl were to be honest with herself the older woman's theatrics was completely unnecessary. Nevertheless she slapped the book closed without bothering to use a bookmark, the page number already memorized, and moved across the room. "Got it!" She called back half-heartedly before closing the door. She slowly moved to the center of the room where a dresser leaned against the vanilla walls and a rectangular mirror hung above. The face that stared back at her was hardly recognizable. Brown eyes, long dark brown hair, and facial features unlike her identity. She felt like someone had stolen her identity under her nose and forced her to cloth herself in flesh and blood that was clearly not her own. That didn't stop the doctors from telling her who exactly she was as they practically forced her history down her throat. History that was not yet written nor was her own. To begin with, she was not this Isabella Marie Swan that was looking back at her in this mirror's reflection. Her name (for the hundredth time) was Raleigh Kendra Ashaye but everyone just called her Lee. She was nineteen and she was born eleven years after Bella. The only similarity she shared with this stranger was divorced parents and pale skin. Although her father had long since been removed and forgotten from her life while Bella's parents were merely divorced but very much alive. Unlike Bella, Lee had an older brother she quite honestly never got along with. She basically raised her brother because she was the only mature one of the family and her mother was always working that she had matured much earlier than others her age. She hated this alternate universe she had landed herself into. She hated the world for taking everything from her to the point where even if she could go back to her life, there would be nothing to return to. Her girlfriend, mother, brother, and best friend were all taken away from her in the same fire that brought her here. Nothing felt more welcoming than waking up in a hospital after burning alive but being told she almost drowned in the middle of winter. Worse, her mysterious best friend had died in the water grave that had nearly stolen her life with Ari's. She had gone to his funeral, too. Lee had never felt worse by going to a stranger's funeral and expected to break down and cry for the only person that had stood by her side as an anchor of sorts as she grew up. The only thing she could give was an apology to the dead boy and dead girl, because the Bella that had died from the car crash in the ambulance was not the same Bella who woke up with a new heart beating in the Phoenix hospital. And now, with no home to return to Lee was forced to become Bella Swan in this life. There was no way she would give up her identity and because of this decision to retain both her sanity and personality those whom had known Bella no longer recognized and connected with her, leading her to live her new life in Forks, Washington. She was also to live under the same roof of the father she had hardly seen growing up and now they were nothing more than complete strangers since she had "lost her memories in the crash". Bella had figured out pretty fast that this was Renee's way of reconnecting with someone, since she hardly knew him to begin with. Still, she felt as though she was being sold away. She went from a woman to a child in a matter of a single night that had killed her and everyone she loved. Her heart still mourned at night but she had no one to go to. No one that would understand the life that was stolen from her by the fire and water. Bella had never felt so completely lost and utterly alone until that moment. The irony in that feeling went far because the old Bella had lost everything in her best friend Ari that very same night she did. Ari reminded her of Jas, her best friend, another life stolen in the fire. She missed her friend's laughter as she sang in the streets of Philadelphia with her as they ate chilly-cheese dogs together and watched the city lights on the rooftops. She missed her girlfriend's heartbeat which she would listen to dearly as tucked her gently in her arms at night. She missed Ali's pomegranate shampoo which followed her and her unique perfume wherever she went. She could still feel Ali's soft caresses of her lips at night as she cried herself silently to sleep in the memory of the dying flame of her lost love and the watery grave which brought her this new life. An unwanted one, at that. Some nights she hoped to wake up back in the arms of her girlfriend and find out that this entire mishap was just a terrible nightmare. She never wanted anything so desperately before but she knew better than most people that one never got exactly what they wanted if anything in relation to their desires. She had come across friendship, family, and love by chance; rare fortune. And now that fortune was burned away and washed anew to be replaced with an unfortunate rarity. Bella sighed, brushing her annoyingly long hair that constantly got in her way. She missed her short red hair that never got in her face. Although, it was nice not needed to wear glasses or contacts anymore. This body happened to have rather hawkish vision. Not to mention, mostly flawless in comparison to her previous body. Her golden hazel eyes were now chocolate brown and her Scandinavian heritage was erased by whatever a "Swan's" ancestry was. Opening her tiny closet she stared at the three suitcases inside. She hadn't packed yet, not finding the necessity in it until the last hour. She was only going to bring what little clothing she liked of this stranger and even then, she would find a job in forks to buy clothing that suited herself. Like a leather jacket. Gods, how she missed her black leather jacket that made winter feel like summer. By no means did Bella care much for fashion but the clothing choice old Bella had was rather ridiculous. Shirts, jeans, and sneakers were what populated the closet and Bella would've thrown her hands up in exasperation if she wasn't so composed all the time. She made two piles to separate what she would bring with her and what she would leave behind for donation (or dust collecting depending on whether Renee's mood of responsibility). The yellow raincoat and green jersey were immediately discarded to the left in the junk pile while the dark green button-up shirt was tossed to the right to bring with her. Anything that looked even remotely like pajamas were tossed to the left along with tight long-sleeved shirts (they made her feel like she slept on her arms) while skinny jeans of dark colors were chosen for the opposing pile. By the time Bella had finished sorting out her clothing she had a single suitcase containing a quarter of her clothing choice leaving the unwanted clothes tucked in the back of the closet. She would've bagged it if she wasn't concerned that Renee would automatically assume it was trash and would throw it out. Bella pulled out the second suitcase to bring any valuables or trinkets that caught her eye and were travel-sized. In the end she learned that old Bella had no taste in sunglasses (or was it the decade?) and chose only a more recent model of a stereo (she was missing Bluetooth already), a string of Christmas lights which lit up like candles, a paper lantern (she always wanted one), and an old model laptop (or new, technically). The suitcase wasn't even half full and so after staring at her plain covered bed consisting of vanilla bedsheets and a hand-knitted comforter (one of Renee's few long-lasting joys) and began to strip it off to add to her suitcases. She then removed the pillow casings and added it to the pile before clamping the suitcase close (after sitting on it). Bella stared at her arms and noticed the few layers of muscle. She needed to gain back her familiar body type which was not this agile looking thing this old Bella had going on. From what she learned from the doctors and Renee she had made frequent visits to the hospital from her clumsiness. Fortunately, that curse had not followed Lee. Although, she still often stubbed her toe on random objects. She scanned the rest of her room for anything else she would like to bring and upon finding only her backpack used for school and travel, she shouldered the bag before picking up the feather-light suitcases. There was nothing to worry about in the airport to her relief. She doubted she would be charged an extra twenty-five to fifty dollars considering she only had two suitcases (both not heavy in the slightest) and her empty backpack would pass as a carry on. Grateful to be signatory bare-foot, Bella opened the door with her right foot before heading towards the front entrance where she placed her suitcases down before pulling on a clean pair of ankle socks already placed in her spare pair of sneakers which she soon after pulled on and only after tying the laces tightly did she turn back to head to the kitchen. There she found Renee at the counter with a bowl of cereal and strawberries, one of the few things she could "cook" for herself without any help. "Hey," Bella greeted as she walked towards the fridge and tucked two bottles of water under her arms followed by a cup of yogurt for breakfast. She missed her morning coffee but since they had no sort of coffee maker of filter, the brunette was forced to result to cold showers to wake her up in the morning. She could only hope that Charlie made coffee in the morning and followed the police officer stereotype in doing so. "Good morning, Bella! Did you miss the bus?" She asked anxiously causing the brunette's shoulders to slump as she hardly held back a sigh. She couldn't help the bite that seeped into her reply though. "No, don't worry. I'm not the completely helpless girl you think I am." She winced immediately after she finished speaking and couldn't have been more grateful she was facing away from Renee as she peeled the yogurt covering open. Renee sighed audibly before replying. "Honey, I know this is tough but-" Bella snorted just as loud as Renee sighed in response. "-I think this will be good for you." "Good for me?" Bella began, placing her breakfast down so that she could grasp the counter tile tightly to bury her ferocity. "I don't know you, Renee!" She held back a wince at the woman's visible flinch. "And you don't know me anymore! You may have given birth to me and raised me for the most part but for the past three weeks I've been a new person. I don't remember anything