6th year AU! Everything that's happened in the previous years still stands. I originally posted this on ao3, but decided to post on here as well! There are currently more chapters uploaded on there so feel free to continue reading on ao3 until I upload the rest here. Please excuse any spelling or grammatical errors and enjoy :) oOoOoOoOoOo Harry ignored the pounding in his head and blearily opened his eyes to see the harsh white ceiling of the infirmary. Bloody hell. What had he done this time? Quidditch accident? He looked down at himself and sighed. No, he was still in his school robes. He lifted a hand to gently touch the side of his head. Ouch. Did he run into a wall? It wouldn't have been the first time Harry had run into inanimate objects. Groaning, he tried to ease himself up into a sitting position as he heard a set of feet rush over to his side. "Mister Potter. How are you feeling?" Madam Pomfrey asked as she stood over him, frantically waving her wand over his body casting various spells. "I'm fine I think. My heads pounding though," Harry grunted out as he reached over to his bedside table trying to grab his glasses. "Yes, well you took quite a fall. You're lucky Mister Malfoy was there to catch you before you hit the floor too hard." At that Harry sat up even straighter, noticing for the first time the tall and lanky, blond haired boy standing awkwardly behind Madam Pomfrey looking firmly down at the ground. "Malfoy?" Harry spluttered out, surprise and bewilderment evident in his tone. He opened his mouth to say more when the blond hastily spoke. " Yes, Potter," Draco sneered. "Congratulations. Despite hitting your abnormally large head on the floor, you still seem to be able to remember my name." Harry glared at Malfoy. Of course the light haired Slytherin was still a prat. He didn't know why he expected this year to be any different. Sure, maybe Malfoy had come back from the summer looking less pointy and more sharp-and-well-defined-angles, but he was still as big as a twat as he'd always been. And yeah, maybe Harry had found himself gazing at the boy with more admiration and less hatred, but he could hardly be blamed. He had just recently realized his preference towards the same gender and he figured it was only natural to be curious. And it was satisfying to finally know just why he had seemed to be so interested in Cedric Diggory back in 4th year. He turned to the mediwitch and frowned. "What happened?" He asked, wincing as he tenderly touched the side of his head again. "Well…." Madam Pomfrey trailed off looking at Draco. Harry shifted his gaze to see Malfoy roll his eyes before sighing. "I don't know either," he snapped. "One minute you were chopping up wormwood — quite horribly I might add — and the next minute you were falling. Couldn't handle the pressure of brewing a new potion, Potter? I'm so sorry that I gave the Golden Boy the horrible task of cutting up a plant," Malfoy sneered and lifted his chin in the air in disgust. "If I was paired up with a partner who actually had a brain, I wouldn't be missing valuable class time stuck in the infirmary with a helpless oaf." Harry scowled. "Then leave, Malfoy. No one's asked you to stay here." I didn't actually mean that. You may be an annoying wanker, but you're an attractive, annoying wanker. Please stay with me until I feel better… or at least until Ron and Hermione get here. Where are they anyways? Surely they would've heard of this by now? Harry stopped his musing as he saw Malfoy turn towards the door as if to leave. He soon pivoted on his heel however and faced Harry as he crossed his arms. "I do what I want, Potter." He paused for a moment, scrunching his nose up in distaste before adding, "You insufferable git." His steely, grey eyes bore holes into Harry's. "Boys!" Madam Pomfrey huffed out. Draco rolled his eyes again and made a great effort of adjusting his green and silver tie, looking at anything but Harry. Harry mumbled out an insincere "sorry," and thought back to their Potions class. He remembered feeling ill when he had caught the scent of the new potion they were brewing. Fame Remedium. The hunger cure potion. It was meant to be given to homeless witches and wizards — curing them of their hunger for 24 hours. The potion smelled differently to each individual depending on what their favorite foods were. Harry had smelled the unbearably sweet scent of Treacle Tart and had immediately felt like vomiting. "I've done many tests on you Mister Potter," Madam Pomfrey said, shaking Harry out of his thoughts. "And you seem to be fine albeit a bit thin." Pomfrey frowned and Malfoy sniggered into his hand. Harry cast him a half-hearted glare and spoke to the witch. "I've just been stressed about the NEWTS. Been studying in my spare time." He shrugged and started fiddling with a stray piece of thread hanging off his blanket. Madam Pomfrey sounded incredulous. "The NEWTS? You're only a 6th year!" Harry peered up at her and grinned sheepishly. "I've got Hermione as one of my best mates. And you know how she is…" He trailed off and Madam Pomfrey nodded in understanding. "Yes well I suppose it is good to get an early start. I'm sure Dumbledore will be quite proud Mister Potter." Malfoy scoffed and crossed his arms. "Oh I'm sure Dumbledaft will be positively beaming when he hears what his favorite Gryffindork has been up to in his free time." A look of disdain made its way onto the blonds face. "Mister Malfoy!" Pomfrey turned and clucked her tongue at him disapprovingly. "I would hope a fine young man like yourself would know to treat his elders with respect." Malfoy shrugged and looked away as he mumbled under his breath. "Sorry. Headmaster Dumbledaft." Despite wanting to feel indignant on the headmaster's behalf, Harry couldn't stop his face from twisting into an unwanted grin as he overheard the snarky blonde's quiet jest. He let out a small snort and quickly darted his eyes away as Malfoy whipped his head up at the sound. "As I was saying before, Mister Potter," Madam Pomfrey continued, annoyance lacing her tone. "You can be released after dinner." "Dinner?" Harry frowned at her in confusion. "Er... If you said everything was fine, can't I leave before then?" "I can deal with the headache," he added as an afterthought. "I'm afraid not. I would like you to eat in here tonight. As good as it is that you are focusing on your NEWTS, a growing boy like yourself must get the proper nutrients." Harry froze for a minute, a panicked expression flashing across his face before he attempted to school his features back into a nonchalant expression. "Can't I just eat in the Great Hall?" He questioned, shifting uncomfortably under the cool, scrutinizing gaze of Malfoy. Madam Pomfrey's face twitched in barely concealed amusement as she accio-ed a small vial to her hand. "You can sit with your housemates tomorrow. It's just for tonight. I'm sure Mister Weasley and Miss Granger can handle a night without you." Harry nodded in defeat and sighed. He knew it was no use arguing with the witch. It's just for tonight . He can get through one bloody night eating a proper meal. And then he can rush to the safety of Gryffindor Tower and punish himself to his heart's content. Harry let out another breath and ran a hand through his already messy hair. "Drink this. It'll ease the ache in your head and lull you to sleep. I'll wake you in time for dinner." She handed the glass vial to Harry and he reluctantly threw his head back, drinking it in one go. He shuddered and passed the glass back to the witch. "Thank you," he mumbled before slowly relaxing against the bed. He took his glasses off and set them on the bedside table before drawing the covers up to his chin and shutting his eyes. "Oh!" Madam Pomfrey's surprised voice rang through the empty infirmary and Harry shot his eyes open, craning his neck around to look at the witch. "Mister Malfoy. I didn't realize you were still here. You can go back to class and let Professor Snape know of Mister Potter's situation." He briefly made eye contact with the blonde, heart hammering in his chest the whole while, and watched as Madam Pomfrey shooed Malfoy out the door before turning back to head into her office. Relaxing back against the bed, Harry rest his head against the pillows and exhaled. He closed his eyes and shifted under the blankets, allowing the potion to slowly succumb him to sleep. "I'm afraid not. I would like you to eat in here tonight. As good as it is that you are focusing on your NEWTS, a growing boy like yourself must get the proper nutrients." Draco saw panic flick across the dark haired boy's features as he visibly stiffened before trying to regain composure. "Can't I just eat in the Great Hall?" Draco's eyes narrowed as he peered at Harry who shifted uncomfortably under his cool gaze. What was wrong with the prat? He looked like the Dark Lord himself had invited Potter to eat dinner with him. He studied him carefully, studiously examining his small and thin figure. Draco frowned. The scarhead looked thinner than usual. He was practically swimming in his school robes. Why did the oh so mighty Chosen One look so... fragile? He stored this information to the back of his brain to be thoroughly investigated later. Oh, Pansy was going to go barmy over this. She always complained about how unfair it was that Potter seemed to lose weight without even trying. " You know Pans, for someone who hates him so much, you sure do spend a massive amount of time talking about him." Draco smiled over his goblet of pumpkin juice and raised his eyebrows suggestively. " Are you sure you don't fancy him? I can see the headline on the Daily Prophet now. Golden Boy and Slytherin's Princess do the dirty." His eyes widened in surprise and he let out a small yelp as a silver fork barreled over his head. He heard Blaise let out a snort of laughter. " Really Draco? You're one to talk," h e drawled. " You've been obsessed with him since first year. Though I can see why. " He twisted around to look at the Gryffindor table. Draco followed his gaze and saw Potter flailing his fork around as he talked avidly to the sea of Weasley's that flooded the Gryffindor table. Draco narrowed his eyes and huffed in annoyance before shifting his attention back to Blaise, who was still looking thoughtfully at Harry. " He is pretty cute... in a messy, boyish way, " Blaise continued. Now it was Blaise's turn to duck as Draco hurled his half full goblet at him. " Ooh, jealous are we? " He and Pansy let out a bark of laughter at Draco's half horrified, half mortified expression. " Absolutely not. " Draco sniffed as he reached for Pansy's pumpkin juice. " You can have him if you want Zabini." Blaise rose his eyebrows in mock surprise. " I didn't know you and Potter were into that. Threesomes? Kinky. " Draco choked on his drink and glowered at Blaise. " Kindly piss off," he mumbled, feeling the flush rising to his cheeks. He took one last swig of juice to cool his rapidly warming face before reaching down for his book bag. He tossed it over one shoulder as he gracefully got up out of his seat and made a beeline to