This chapter originally went after Hedone Ranch Chapter 12 - The Mouse that Roared. Chapter 13 was going to be from Edward's POV, and chapter 14 from Carlisle's POV, as he went to the party, put himself on the line, and asked Bella out – and that would be the end – you could choose whatever ending you wanted to see. Someone berated me for chickening out on an ending. They were right – I was. The original intent of this chapter (In place of the current Chapter 13) was to show that Bella's sexuality was just too much of a good thing for Edward – he couldn't keep up with her sexual voraciousness, and therefore wasn't sure if he wanted to continue dating her. Why this chapter didn't make it: 1) it added an unnecessary new character (Will, Edward's assistant) and assumes that he and Edward were somehow buddies; 2) The story was about Bella, but this chapter made her seem slutty instead of reveling in her newly released sexuality; 3) The only way I could make Edward chatty enough to share this much personal information was to get him drunk. I did re-use this idea, but instead made Bella over-share with Alice – a much more natural idea than Edward over-sharing with his assistant. Note – I know I ran this chapter by the betas for comments on the content, but I don't remember if they fixed any of my commas…so consider it unbetaed, would you? You can also see it starts out of nowhere, there's an unfinished sex scene, and the chapter has no ending – that was because I was fighting the chapter the entire time I wrote it. When I switched it to Bella and Alice, things went much smoother – that's how I knew this wasn't the right way to go. It was tough to let go of Over-sharing Edward, though – he had some great lines… . . Leaning around the door to Edward's office, the impeccably dressed man called out, "Hey, Boss, I finished up the stuff for tomorrow's meeting, and shut down the editing suite. I'll see you tomorrow." "Will!" Edward called out a little too boisterously and sitting up abruptly. "Will, my good man. Don't go yet! Come have a seat!" Tilting his head as he entered the room and noticing the empty glass and the half-empty bottle of whiskey on the desk, Will asked, "Are you drunk?" Offended, Edward answered, "No, I'm not drunk. I'm oblisher…oblimer…" He blinked his eyes. "I'm really drunk." With a secret glee, Will sat down in the chair opposite his straight-laced boss. "Why are you really drunk, Boss?" "She's wearing me out, man." Edward rubbed his hands over his face. "I can't do it any more. Can't take it." "Who's wearing you out?" "Beauuuuutiful Bella." "I thought you were taking Bella out to dinner tonight?" Edward dropped his hands to the desk and moped, "I don't think I can. Do you know that she's a mymfo…a nump…" He licked his lips and tried again. "She's addicted to my cock." In surprise, Will replied, "Is she, now?" "Yes." Edward took another hit of his drink. "It's a really nice cock." Jerking to a stand, he began to unfasten his pants. "Did you want to see it?" Unable to believe he was doing so, Will held up his hands in protest. "Boss, I wouldn't mind looking if you were anywhere close to sober. Or gay." Edward slumped back down in chair. "I'm not, Will. We had this discussion before. I'm not even gay-curious." His eyebrows furrowed, trying to figure out where the sentence had gone wrong. "Wait, that's not right…" Will was unable to control his chuckles any longer. Putting his elbow on the desk, he rested his face in his hand. "Ten years I've worked for you; how did I not know that you were a promiscuous drunk?" "You know, Bella's promishuoush." Edward announced. "She sucks my cock." Folding his arms on the desk, Will replied, "You've been dating for a couple of months now, I would hope that's happened by now." With a snort, Edward answered, "She blew me on our second date." "Really?" Will's eyebrows raised in surprise. "Yup. The Director's Guild Film Festival. The one where you said I aced the red carpet?" Nodding, Will responded. "I remember. I was shocked. You weren't your usual word-vomitous self." Opening the bottle on the desk in front of him, Will tipped three fingers of whiskey into Edward's empty glass. "So she gave you a nice reward for your excellent press skills?" "No..." Edward lifted the glass and took a hearty swig. "No, no...She blew me on the way THERE." Taking another swig, he continued, "I was sooooo relaxed. I was Smooth Edward. " Will wiped a hand over his face. "Wait – you mean all it takes for you to give good press is a beej beforehand? If I'd known that you could have been James Cameron by now!" Will took in Edward's pensive look. "So was she any good at it?" Closing his eyes, Edward smiled. "Fucking amazing at it." Bella turned to face him as the limo left the driveway of the place she shared with Alice Brandon, taking a sip of the champagne he'd poured her. "You look so handsome in that tux, Edward." He blushed, "Thanks. I'm so glad you could come along tonight. It's sure to be an awful evening, listening to blowhard business types and eating bad hors d'oeuvres." Bella laughed, running her free hand over a lapel of his tux. "Wow, it sounds like we're going to have a spectacular time!" "Oh God," Edward moaned. "Shoot me now. That's not how I meant that." Running a hand through his hair and sighing, he said, "I'm so glad you're going coming with me. You'll be the most interesting person there, honestly." Bella put a hand to the side of his face and kissed his cheek. "You say the sweetest things." Emboldened, he continued. "Every man will be jealous of me. You look amazing in that dress." "Oh, this old thing?" Bella smiled, looking down at herself. "Well, it may be old, but it's so short your legs look a mile long!" Bella grinned and kissed him. "Maybe you should stop talking now." Groaning, Edward fell back against the seat and closed his eyes. "Shit, I'm going to fuck up all my interviews so badly. I should just shoot myself in the foot now and get it over with." "So this is normal for you, huh?" Bella teased, taking another sip of her drink. Staring at the top of the limo, he replied, "Oh, this is only the tip of the iceberg. I get so stressed out I get sick to my stomach, and my nerves send my brain into some sort of sphere of stupidity." Bella laughed and curled into his side, her hand rubbing his thigh. "Yeah, I've been there before." Her hand moved from the top of his thigh to the inside and began a meandering path upward. Edward continued to talk. "Well, I need to do well with the media. It's part of my job as the director to sell my own damn mo...oh, God, Bella, what are you doing?" She growled in his ear, "You are so fucking sexy in this tux, Edward." Then she brushed her fingers over his semi-erect cock again. "Where are we going?" He hissed, "Arclight, Hollywood," in reply. "So, if my memory serves with all the times I've done this with Alice, that gives us about 45 minutes. What do you think?" I can't fucking think with your hand right there, woman! "I think you've got to stop that, or I'm going to have to jerk off before I get out of the car." Bella put her drink down in the holder. Then she dropped her wrap to the floor and gracefully slid off the seat onto her knees, scooting over until she was between his legs. Running her hands up and down the inside of his thighs, she replied, "I don't think you're going to have to do that at all, Edward." "Oh Lord, what are you doing, Bella?" "The simple answer is I'm going to provide you some stress relief," she said, unfastening his pants. "The crude answer is I'm going to suck your cock. And I'm really good at it, too. Trained with the best." As she pulled the sides apart, his cock made a break for the opening she provided. "Silk boxers?" she asked, nuzzling against the soft material. He moaned in pleasure as she gripped him firmly in her hand and stroked him. "And black to match your tux. Such a snazzy dresser..." He had trouble breathing as she pulled the waistband of his boxers down to free his erection. As his dick broke free, she said, "Good God, your cock is massive," and he gasped as she leaned down and placed a sweet kiss to the tip. Bella started talking about the Kama Sutra then, and Edward tried to pay attention, but he honestly heard not a damn thing she said after her lips met his cock. His hips flexed and twisted as she used her lips to stroke up and down his cock, and hissed in delight when she let her teeth scrape him. His hands reflexively reached for her hair, and she batted his hands out of the way. When she began to suck just the tip of his cock, he reached for her again, and again she deflected his hands. "Edward, I'll be damned if I leave this limo with my hair all messed up, looking like I just got freshly fucked, and starring in next week's tabloids." He sighed in disappointment. "I just wanted to touch you." Tilting her head, Bella smiled. "Okay, baby, I hear you." She picked up his right hand and threaded it under her hair and around her neck, then grabbed his left hand with hers. "Is that better?" Smiling, he stroked a thumb down her cheek. "Perfect." Bella put her mouth back on him, kissing the deep red tip of his cock, moving her head side to side so that his fluids painted a shine on her lips. With a gentle tug, he urged her to take him in, and she followed his cue beautifully. As he cried out, his legs widened and his hips raised, urging her to take more of him in. She began sucking him in earnest then, and he tried to gently guide her to the rhythm he wanted. As soon as she fell into the pattern he prompted, he knew he wouldn't be able to hold out for very long. Pulling her hair slightly, he whimpered, "You're...gonna...I'm...gonna..." Looking into his eyes, she hummed in delight, and he lost it. He watched in shock as she swallowed him down, then slowly sucked the extra saliva off his cock, drying him enough to tuck him back into his boxers and re-close his pants. Then she reached over to where she'd left her drink, picked up her glass, and swigged what was left of her champagne. She rose up on her knees, placed a kiss on his chin, and then whispered into his ear. "That made me soooo wet, Edward. I'm going to borrow this pocket square, okay?" Unable to speak, he nodded. She shook out the folded square, and used it to soak up her arousal. Folding it back up, she shoved it back into the small pocket on the front of his tuxedo, breathing hotly in his ear, "There, now. If you get nervous, you can think of this and realize how fucking turned on I got just from sucking your cock." Barely able to control his body, he tilted his head into her neck, taking in the scent of her perfume. Placing hot, wet kisses to her neck, he headed up to her chin, and then over to her