Disclaimer, I don't own anything. "This shit sucks so much! I can't believe Renee is being such a bitch about a box of condoms" I told my best friend Peter. We were currently washing our sorrows away with my good friend Jack and Absolute. Peter snorted, "Really? It surprises you? Do you know who you're talking about? The same woman who turned apeshit when you got home 20 minutes after your curfew on your freshman year? ". "well, now that you put it that way, it doesn't surprise me, it just pisses me off, and I refuse to go to that hell hole with those assholes they call people as classmates." I grumbled. "What? You're afraid those idiots will keep bullying you?" he frowned. I smirked, "please, I doubt they'll even recognize me." I said, taking another shot. "Well I'm off to keep packing, I'll drop by tomorrow morning to say goodbye." I got off the couch we were on, hugging James bye and going up the stairs, out of Pete's basement. I went out and instantly smiled when my sexy baby came into sight, she never failed to make me smile, it was a 1967 Camaro Ss, vintage and all around gorgeous. I got into my baby, grinning over the purr it made as I turned the engine on, I'm seriously in love with this car, me and my dad fixed it and Peter and I secretly altered it to make it go faster. As I was driving to my house, I got angry remembering why I was being shipped off to the hell called Forks. It all started when my nosy mother came into my room looking for my secret stash of weed that Mrs. Greene, the principal at my school, called to tell my mom that I was caught getting stoned in the back of the school. So, anyway, she didn't find it, ('cause my stash is in the back of my shoes, a place she never dares to go in.), what she did found was a box of condoms my ex, Riley left three months ago. Mom, being her usual obsessive self, freaked out, called my dad and they both were waiting for me in the living room, informing me that because of my "indecent behavior", I was to live with my aunt Liz, her husband and my cousin Emmett. It was that or my grandma Marie in Chicago. The thing is, my aunt lives in the worst place in the world, Forks Washington, home of all my bad memories. We used to live there, my dad's a well known music producer and even if he spent most of his time in our home at L.A, he wanted me to have a normal, not at all Hollywood life, and because my aunt Liz lived there, he packed me and my mom to Forks when I was only 5, and that's how my personal hell began. It was the first day of school, we were supposed to paint our favorite place in the whole world, so I went to get the finger paint so I could draw our beach house, but then this rude blonde girl, took them out of my hands, saying she saw them first, and walked over to her desk with my paint!. I told my teacher and she gave my paint back. Little did I know that it was going to start my personal hell. Turns out, the girl who took my paint, was Rosalie Hale, queen of vengeance. She and her two sidekicks, Jessica and Lauren were set on making my life miserable. On elementary it started innocent enough, just stealing my things, breaking my reading glasses and such. On high school it got worst, they started pushing me, tripping me, making things up. Back then I wasn't into appearances and clothes, so I always wore baggy jeans and long-ass sweaters and was kind of a loner, when in reality, I just thought people in Forks were stupid. The only person I talked to was my cousin Emmett, who was the complete opposite of me, always in the coolest clothes, football star and everything, he obviously started to date the most beautiful girl in the school, Rosalie. They met through Rosalie's twin brother Jasper, and also Emmett's best friend. I met Jasper a few times and he was really nice and treated me like a normal person, unlike his demon sister. I got really sick and tired of Rosalie when she stupidly got jealous because of my close relationship with Emmett. She got even more aggressive once, she pushed me so hard I broke my wrist. Em knew someone was bullying me, but I never told him, probably because of the threats Rosalie made if I ever told him. Like a blessing from heaven, my mom got a job as an associate on a successful law firm on L.A, and my dad was sick of traveling, so we packed up and left that place. It was the first day of my freshman year when I met my savior, Charlotte Sometimes. *FLASHBACK* Freshman year, "hey, you really shouldn't wear that" First day on this stupid pretentious school, when we were on Forks, I went to the public school since it was the only one there, but since we moved back, mom insisted I go to a more appropriate school. So here I was, on my favorite The cure t-shirt, my dad gave tome, with lyrics of my favorite song, Charlotte Sometimes. I got into my Art class and immediately got out my music book and started working on a song I've been toying with, when I felt someone sit next to me and clear their throat, I closed my book and looked up, on the seat next to me was a beautiful girl, long sandy colored hair, tall and a warm smile on her face. " Hi, are you new?" she asked. " Yeah, just moved." I answered. " Well, I gotta be honest, you really shouldn't wear that" she smirked. I frowned, looking confused "shouldn't wear what?" " That shirt obviously." Oh, now she's going to get it, no one messes with my shirts. " Look, I really don't know who do you think you are saying shit like that if-" " Whoa, wait! You didn't let me finish, you really shouldn't wear that shirt, because you'd be stealing my name" she grinned. " I really doubt you're the only girl called Charlotte…" She laughed, "Yeah, but not a lot of people are called Charlotte Sometimes, you know?" " I beamed up at her "your parents must be awesome if they name their kid after an awesome song". *END OF FLASHBACK* I smiled at that particular memory; I was still the awkward kid I was in Forks, so Charlotte decided to help me out, she introduced me to nice clothes and haircuts, and in her words, got out the real me. She actually took my favorite shirts and made them smaller so they could fit me. But what I'll be forever thankful for is introducing me to Peter. Charlotte and I became real close, and she decided it was time to introduce me to her boyfriend, Peter. He was two years older than us, senior and starting quarterback. When I moved to Hollywood and Charlotte made me stand out, boys started to come, and man, were they annoying. Peter, being a senior and all, had a completely different schedule than us, and every time we were alone, we got surrounded by idiots. When I finally met Peter, like a month after I met Charlotte, the first thing he said was, "So I finally meet the person who's stealing my girl". He had this ridiculous southern accent, which I later learned was due his 14 years of living in Texas, his parents were oil money, so you can imagine his life. Anyway, Peter and I instantly clicked, between our love for old music, and annoying Char, we became best friends. And that's how my life went for the next 3 years Char, Petey and I were inseparable; they were the best friends I could ever had, and they both got so pissed when they found out about Rosalie, Peter had to stop Char to get on a plane to kick her ass. Peter went to UCLA, to study medicine while we finished high school. Our plan was for all of us to go to UCLA, me to become an English major, and Char a publicist. Everything was going according to plan, but then Riley came into the picture, and fucked it all up. He was a senior, I met him when I was a Junior, he was on my political science class (yeah, I know this stupid private schools have ridiculous classes). We got to know each other and everything was fun, I said yes when he asked me out, and things were great, until I found him cheating on me with a cheerleader. The thing I was upset about? She was wearing a pair of Jimmy Choos I left the last time I was at his house. And then my mom found the condoms and blamed it all on me, and the influences Hollywood had on me. I sighed, parking into the huge house I called home, I went straight to my bedroom, ignoring my mother's remarks about being late, whatever, it's her fault I was upset. I was packing my room when I heard a knock on my door, "Renee, I'm really not in the mood to hear your opinions about my life". I said from my closet. Hearing the door open, I turned and saw my dad, Charlie sitting on my bed and patting the spot next to him. "Come here kid, I promise not to comment about your life" he chuckled. I smiled, my dad was the best, even if he's not around as much as I wished. "What do you want Charlie?" He frowned; I only called my parents by their name when I was mad at them. "Why are you first naming me? I didn't do shit to you Izzy" he argued. I snorted, "Really? Please enlighten me, when you get married, do they take away your testicles or do you give them willingly?". Years ago, I would never dare to say that, but being with Peter helped me find a back bone, and a love for cars among other things. Dad laughed, "we go willingly, and they storage our balls until the divorce" I knew he would get it, I cracked a smiled and leaned my head on his shoulder. "Please don't make me go daddy, I hate it there, I have friends and a life here, please" I begged, it never failed when I called him daddy. He sighed, "you know I can't do that, your mom has a pretty good point, maybe you can use this time away to appreciate what you have." "You know, the box wasn't even opened and what? Now you're going to cut me off? I huffed. "Bella, seriously, I do not need to know about some things, and no, I'm not going to cut you off, but ever since we came back, you've changed, and don't get me wrong, I love the real you that surfaced, but sometimes you get a bit annoying, and you can go to your grandma's if you want, Chicago is a great city…" he smirked. Jerk. "Please, like I would go to grandma's it's no wonder mom's so uptight, grandma is so freaking obnoxious and pretentious it makes me sick" he nodded, he hated my grandma. She was old Chicago money, and never liked my dad because of his career, even if it made him disgustingly rich. "c'mon Izzy, you gotta see the bright side of things, you'll get to see Emmett, who I know you miss" I frowned, I do miss him, "and you used to love drawing those trees on our backyard"