District One Monroe Willems: Gender: Female Age: 15 Appearance: Monroe has curly golden-blonde hair that reaches halfway down between her shoulder and elbows, wide dark blue eyes that seem to be black sometimes with long eyelashes framing them, and porcelain skin (she never blushes). She stands at a small height of 5"1 and weighs 100 pounsds, so she is very small and thin. Realtionships: ~Isabel Willems: Isabel is 40 years old with pixie-cut dirty blonde hair, tanned skin, and narrow blue eyes. Isabel is Monroe's mother, though she doesn't really act like it. She dislikes her daughter and fells that Monroe will never be pretty, smart, or strong enough to be worth anybody's attention. She doesn't pay much attention to Monroe at all by telling her son anything she wants to tell Monroe. She's never spoken directly to her daughter. ~Samuel Willems: Samuel is 17 with golden-blonde hair, porcelain skin and narrow blue eyes. Samuel is Monroe's older brother and has been brainwashed by Isabel that Monroe is not worth much, and therefore dislikes and mostly shuns his younger sister. Isabel speaks to Monroe through Samuel, however, by telling him to tell Monroe this, tell her that and so forth. ~Darvis Willems: Monroe's father who bolted the moment he heard Isabel was pregnant the second time. Biography: Monroe has always been a very lonely girl because she has never been shown any real form of love or care. She has been shunned and ignored by her family for all her life and her cold attitude doesn't buy her any friends. Her mother always speaks to her through her brother to say that she isn't worth love, she isn't worth anything. Personality: She is cold and quiet. After all the years of being told she's useless, she believes it herself. When talked to in a kind way, she'll someimes respond back kindly. Nobody really talks to her in school. Monroe really would like to be nice but she doesn't really see any reason to be nice to people that don't seem to care at all for her. Quirks/habits: She has a habit of biting the inside of her cheek and her biggest quirk is how she belittles and compares herself. Issues/problems/fears: She doesn't really get what love is since she's never been shown it and has little confidence. Since Monroe has been so far away from love so long, she's sort of grown a phobia of it. Reaping outfit: A button-up pure white shirt tucked into a ruffled black skirt that reaches her knees. Her hair is down. Volunteer: Naw, she was reaped. Interview outfit: I'll send it to you Interview angle: Mysterious, even though she doesn't do it very well. Games Strategy: Just hide for as long as you can and don't seek. Die when you do; nobody really minds. Alliance: the minimum is one other person and the max is two Romance: Sure Career: nah Token: a black ribbon that she ties around her wrist as a bracelet Strengths: She's very fast, can climb well, and she's clever Weaknesses: She isn't very good at socializing, isn't very strong, and doesn't believe she can do much Weapon of Choice: knife Oak Harper Gender: Male Age: 17 Appearance: Oak is a fairly tall boy, with thick dark hair and blue green eyes. His skin is by no means porcelain white but generally doesn't tan. Relationships: His mother and younger sister, Tulip Biography: Oak's father walked out on their family when he was just 11 years old, something that he holds great resentment for. Without his father there to provide for them, he applied for tessarae as many times as he possibly could for his first reaping, and was convinced he'd be reaped, that the odds were not in his favour. So oak trained and trained his little heart out in preparation for the games, only to find he wasn't reaped, that despite his numerous entries his name hadn't been called up, and even if it had some other boy would have volunteered anyway. Strangely he found himself disappointed, having taken a fancy to the idea of saving his family from the poverty they currently were steeped in and moving them to the victors village if he had in turn won. So he decides to train every year from then onwards, to volunteer when he thinks he's prepared enough to win The Hunger Games. Personality: Like all 'Careers' Oak has high confidence in himself and determination. He's incredibly protective of those he loves, and unlike most careers, is kind-hearted and sympathetic, something people have often told him will be his downfall in the games. He however believes that his love for his family and need to get back to them will override these feelings if they threaten to become a weakness for him in the games. He's charming, but only through humour and flirtation. Quirks/habits: bites the skin inside his mouth when nervous, which makes his face scrunch up. Issues/problems/fears: Oak's terrified that he will die and leave his mother and 12 year old sister without anyone to care for them. He's distrustful of older men as they often remind him of his father, which could be an issue in regards to co-operating with his mentor. He's also claustrophobic and can't stand being kept in small enclosed spaces. Reaping Outfit: white cotton shirt, patched up black slacks, scuffed shoes. Volunteer (yes or no. If yes, why?): yes, because he wants to provide a better life for his mother and sister. Interview outfit (optional): some kind of lime green suit, I think that would be funny. Interview angle: He's trained long and hard for these games, and that he has people waiting at home for him that he'd never disappoint, that he has to win for. Games strategy: join the career pack at all costs, and if that fails try to at least form an alliance with one other tribute, because he feels to win. Alway's keep close to water, keep sleep to a minimum and trust no one. Alliance (minimum and maximum): careers if possible Romance (yes or no): yeah, if you can find one for him, could be interesting Career (yes or no): yes Token: a small carved woollen dog, about the size of a matchbox, a gift his sister gives to him after he is reaped. Anything else: weapon wise he favours knives District Two Claudia Knight Gender: Female Age: 18 Appearance: Long, wavy dark brown hair that reaches halfway down to her waste. She has cuts and scars about her body from training, as well as a very noticeable one near the bottom of her left eye that she claims she got in a heated argument. Her gaze is a particularly stunning green that seems to freeze anyone that stares into it, simply because it's so powerful. Relationships: She has few friends at home, no siblings, and barely talks to her strict parents, but she really hates them on the inside. She's a loner, to say the least. Biography: Claudia was forced to train and become a career for her district, but she never truly wanted to. However, she had no choice and did not want to argue with her harsh parents, so she took up training. She's become quite skilled, but never did she fully embrace the role she had. She viewed it as a drag and always dreaded her upcoming fate, but decided to go along with it anyways. After all, what could she do? Personality: Claudia is dark and silent. She doesn't interact with anyone and acts harsh on the outside when she really has to. However, on the inside, she wishes that she could leave and not volunteer for The Hunger Games, and that she could make some friends. She hates people from her district and feels they are bloodthirsty, and she longs to be able to make friends with some normal people from outside districts. She keeps all emotions to herself, though, and pretends to be harsh and bloodthirsty. She just really wants to go home is all. Quirks/habits: She has a habit of mumbling things under her breath that no one can hear, and she often seems to tug at her hair a lot. Issues/problems/fears: She truly doesn't want to go to The Hunger Games and has lately found it a bit harder to hold in her emotions. When she's dealing with someone she deems annoying, she will have a hard time not lashing out at them, and often when she does, she acts hasty and too violently. She has a hard time communicating her feelings with people, and also doesn't have a very good knowledge of plants, etc. She hates to admit it, but the one thing that can send her running would have to be Tracker Jackers or any other type of lethal bug. Reaping Outfit: A very stunning white dress. Volunteer (yes or no. If yes, why?): Yes, because she is a career and her parents want her to. She really doesn't and is reluctant, but she figures she can just get it over with so that she can go home. Interview outfit (optional): (Your call, I'm horrible at designing clothing). Interview angle: Act dark and lethal. Attract sponsors with the deadly angle and get them to think that she could win, so that they should bet on her and assist her. Also in order to scare the other tributes in the arena. Games strategy: Team up with the careers and kill as many as she can. When the numbers are too low, run away from the alliance with supplies when no one is looking and kill them when possible, probably from a distance. Alliance (minimum and maximum): She would like to stick with the career group, but eventually run off. In that case, she will only ally with a group of two or fewer people, but she would prefer to be with just one that she can trust. Romance (yes or no): Sure, but probably not with another Career. Probably a boy from a different district. Career (yes or no): Yes Token: Golden chain necklace with her name engraved on a slate. Anything else: She's very good with machetes, but in terms of long-ranged weapons, she can work with throwing knives. She is no good with the bow and arrow, however. Kyler Ponticello Gender: Male Age: 17 Appearance: he has smooth olive skin, narrow celery-green eyes, and spiky black hair. He is very tall at about 6"4 and pretty fit. Relationships: He murdered both of his parents and his older sister. He's a loner. Biography: When Kyler was seven, he was playing with his nine-year-old sister, Cloe. Then the Hunger Games came on and he was fascinated by how the tributes killed each other. Cloe called him a freak for not finding it disturbing and Kyler got very angry and pinned her to the wall and killed her by cutting her neck with a knife. His parents walked in and he killed them also. He told everyone that he came home from a walk to find all of his family dead. He doesn't feel guilty at all. Personality: He is insane. He acts jubilant and happy but as you get to know him better, he's sadistic. The thing that he loves most in life is killing. Quirks/Habits: He's crazy, that's probably a quirk xD He has a habit of tapping his fingers on his legs Issues/Problems/Fears: He's mentally challenged, really really mentally challenged. He doesn't really fear anything. Reaping Outfit: a dark grey dress shirt with black pants Volunteer: Yes, he volunteered for some random person because he wanted to be able to kill more people Interview Angle: yeah... I'll send it to ye... later on... Interview Angle: friendly Games Strategy: Kill everybody. Alliance: He'll be in the Careers, so however many is in there Romance: No... he isn't really a romance kinda guy... Career: Yes Token: the blood-stained necklace of his sister (whoa! that sounds weird) Strengths: He