Hello, JustASimpleWriter1 here. A couple of notes about the story: This will be multiple chapters. The chapters I post will be longer than I usually write. This is also a side project, as I am currently on break from my main story. I am also a History and Classical Civilizations Student, and am using the Landmark Arrian, Campaigns of Alexander, to help write this story. I have a lot of fun doing it, and hope to continue. My other readers will know this, I get very excited to upload chapters, and slowly correct their grammatical errors over time, through multiple readings, although if anyone wants to Beta Read for me, that would be most welcome! Review or PM me for questions, and even suggestions. I will listen (sometimes), and I hope you enjoy the story! Percy Jackson: An Age Gone By A full moon shone on a glistening silvery lake, illuminating the surrounding forest and shore. All around her, a quiet wind billowed, swiftly bringing clouds across the night sky, every so often catching the moon's rays. The rays of reflected light captured the clouds' outlines, etched brightly, contrasting their darkened forms. A thick lush forest surrounded the lake, misted slightly, covered with an air of purity and no signs of human activity. Completely wild. She watched this natural wonder with a sad pang of regret, standing on the pebbled shore of the lake. The water lapped without a sound against driftwood, and the odd rock that was within touch of the mirror-like surface of the clear water. No matter the circumstances, this day was always spent like this. The feelings of remorse that welled up inside her were not able to be contained. It was an eternal problem of being a goddess, being that she had lived through this moment more times than she could count. That was a lie. She didn't know why she kept trying to convince herself of not being consistently torn apart on this certain day. Artemis knelt and ran a finger across the still surface of the water, creating a small wake that transformed the reflected image of the full moon above into a series of ripples and wavy distorted images. Today marked the two thousand, three hundredth, and thirty-third anniversary of that fateful day. Tears abruptly sprang into her eyes and she furiously wiped them away, furious with herself for losing it again. Her hands involuntarily reached backwards over her head instantaneously, gripping the smooth hardwood grip of her bow, which was slung over her back. The instinct was hard-wired in her being, but she had nothing to shoot. Nothing. Nothing that would give her an measure of satisfaction or relief from this torment. Slowly, with time passing indeterminably, her hand laxed and she let it fall back to the water, finding a minuscule amount of comfort in the outlines of clouds reflected by the water. Kneeling by the lake's edge, she closed her eyes, feeling the presence of her hunters nearby, safe, secure, and most importantly, far enough away. They wouldn't believe, or understand her situation. No one did. "Sister, I thought I would find you here." Artemis scowled into the water, which had cleared enough to see her own reflection. A slender face, with high cheekbones, wild auburn hair, and piercing silver eyes stared back at her, unfortunately, her eyes were rimmed with red. 'No one knew but one,' Artemis amended to herself. Standing up, she wheeled around to converse with her confidant. Artemis was short in her mortal form, infinitely more so in her twelve-year-old form, however she was always in her twenties on this day, and had given up trying to not be. Her mind and body worked against her on this day of the year. The goddess that stood just outside the tree line was tall, easily passing six feet, where she didn't even come close, even in her mortal aged form. 'He liked that though.' Her mind sang, which she ruthlessly suppressed into oblivion. The tall goddess before her was cloaked in a pristine white robe, donned under a chest plate of fine celestial bronze. The woman held nothing else, but her long down brunette hair and sympathetic grey eyes could only be one person from Mount Olympus. Her wise half-sister: Athena. Artemis looked over at her, standing rigid, but she immediately slumped her shoulders, and prompted sat on the fine smooth pebbles under her feet. "Hello sister." Artemis said quietly, reaching besides her to pick up a pebble. She waited for her half-sister to begin her usual speech, rolling a pebble in her slim hand. Athena's godly presence and the quiet crunch of pebbles against leather sandals marked her approach, until she could also see a reflection of Athena on the lake standing behind her. "You should not let your guard down." Artemis almost scoffed. "You've told me this hundreds of times. You know as well as I do that I cannot help it." That was the truth. Artemis was almost used to the vulnerability now, unlike other gods and goddesses. It was a mortal emotion and state of mind, but she relished it, on some occasions. This was, however, not one of them. Hate was something she was familiar with. Love… love was not. The two combined, to be felt for the same bygone person, was something she would never hope to understand. "Yes, I'm aware. I can always hope that your mind will heal eventually." Athena said, drawing her back into their discussion. Artemis's fingers spasmed against the pebble, crushing it instantly. "I will heal when I please to heal." She snapped. The mere idea of forgetting that time long ago felt like betrayal, likened to making a god fade. Such a horrible fate was something she wouldn't wish on most mortals, many men included on that list. He was certainly on that list. Artemis saw Athena grimace in the reflection on the water, and she felt some sort of satisfaction flush through her body. Juvenile perhaps, but any emotion that liberated her from this annual grief was welcomed. "Apologies Sister, you know I always have trouble relating." Artemis sighed, knowing Athena's words to be true, "I know, but so did I once." She stood up from the lake's edge, turning to face Athena, "You promised counsel, two millennia ago." "And I will always honor that promise, even without swearing upon the Styx. He loved you very much." Artemis fell tears well up again, "Don't." She warned, but she knew her voice lacked conviction. Her sister had never used this approach before, and the consequences were immeadiately apparent. Her breathing quickened, and her fingers spasmed. Athena knew as well as she, and continued. "He loved you and would have never asked you to do this to yourself repeatedly." Athena looked at her with sorrow, and held out an arm to her. But she lashed out, letting her rage and fear flood outwards. "You know nothing! I loved him too, do not forget, I don't want to tear my heart asunder every year until all I feel is pain at his memory, but it is all I have left of him!" Artemis yelled, sweeping her arm across her body, knocking away Athena's hand. Her strike continued back behind her, where she let loose a burst of her power. Silver energy erupted from her finger tips, striking the water with a thunderous blast, which made the lake hiss violently. Steam billowed into the air obscuring the moon and stars above, and the silver energies rolled as if carried by the wind up into the sky, carrying with it the steam and smoke. It was only then that Artemis felt herself sobbing, tears running down her cheeks, an eventuality on this night, but always an unwelcome feeling. She cursed his name, which she had sworn never to speak again. 'Why did you leave me!?' The internal scream tore at her mind, radiating so loudly that Artemis thought for a moment it became actual sound. "Artemis, it is time you don't face this alone." Athena spoke gently, and this time, Artemis allowed her half-sister to place her hand on her heaving shoulder. She wiped a hand across her eyes, looking up to the heavens, seeing her empty chariot race across the sky, the moon securely in place. "Artemis, you must tell your hunters. You know your friend has started to wonder. She has always questioned you on this." Artemis took in a ragged breath, closing her eyes. She had no need to, but the peace of darkness wasn't something she enjoyed often. Her half-sister was almost always right. This time was no different. Artemis had long wanted to share this with her hunters, and most importantly… with Zoe. But the same fear that drove her terror of remembering him was also imbedded in any thought of telling her hunters. "Athena… they are everything to me, Zoe… and the others might not understand. How can I claim to hate men when I fell in love with one? A mortal at that!" She seethed, hurriedly repressing an image of him in her mind, where he was staring at her fiercely, wearing armor and wielding a xiphos without fear. His long, flopped hair, neat beard, where he was so much more kind and loyal than others… "Artemis?" "What?" She responded sharply, unwilling to admit to her anger from losing him. Athena looked at her with great patience, "I said, your hunters are more caring for you than you think. Zoe is holding a meeting as we speak to calm others above your whereabouts. They need to know." She paused, errant thoughts forgotten for the moment. Telling her hunters of that time, now ages past, had crossed her mind before, but never had she fully considered it. Time was a difficult thing for goddesses to measure, but after a seemingly long time pondering it, Artemis finally concluded that she could not attempt to deny it. "You are right… I need to tell them." Artemis whispered, looking at Athena with resignation. Athena, always observant, seemed to notice her mood and nodded. "I can assist you, in telling the story. I was there for much of it and will…" "No." Artemis interjected, shaking her head, allowing her auburn curls to bounce around wildly. "I need to do this alone." Artemis had never told the story to a soul on the entirety of the world, heavens, and underworld alike. Athena had witnessed it, but Artemis needed to convey her own experience to her hunters. They deserved to know the whole truth. "You are right, I only wished to spare you some of the pain Sister." Athena replied, before turning and walking towards the tree line. "We are only half-sisters." Artemis pointed out, gesturing to Athena's turned back. Athena paused and pivoted, looking right at her, "Not to me you aren't. Sister, I think that this will be good for you. Don't shy away from your past, let it flow." she said, with a cool tone. Athena turned before Artemis could reply and disappeared into the shadow of the trees. Artemis stood there for a while longer, before she took one last glance at the sky. He had always loved the moon and stars, just observing them alone, he had said. The presence of the moon comforted his long and difficult nights while marching across the known world. Artemis allowed that thought to pool inside of her. The moon, already shining bright, took on an extraordinarily bright glow. With that slightly comforting reminder, Artemis found herself walking back toward the Hunter's camp. Her hunting tunic and belt both caught stray rays of moonlight under the wide canopies of pine and oak trees. Her bare feet crunched into soft pine needles and grass that covered the forest floor. It wasn't a long walk back to the camp, and Artemis tried to think of a way to tell her hunters, to try to tell them of everything that