Welcome to Olympus Has Fallen, an AU fanfic of Heroes of Olympus featuring edge-of-your-seat action, a thrilling yet faithful twist on Rick Riordan's beloved characters, and, of course, Percabeth. Lots and lots of Percabeth. This fanfic is rated M for profanity, moderate violence, mild to moderate sexual content, and other mature themes. Disclaimer: I do not own PJO/HoO or any affiliated characters, nor am I making any profits from this fanfiction. Chapter 1- Percy Percy was having a really, really bad day. Actually, he didn't remember what a normal bad day should have been like; in fact, he didn't remember much at all. What he did know was that whatever his actual daily routine had been before the big blackout, it didn't go as follows: One- nearly dying in a fight against two old supermarket ladies who turned out to be highly trained assassins. Two- stumbling half-dead upon what looked to be one of those hidden government bases in the movies, only to be immediately overrun by a dozen or so uniformed agents. Three- incapacitating half of the aforementioned agents (though he had no idea how he accomplished that) before being brutally knocked out. Four- waking up with the muzzle of a nine-millimeter handgun inches away from his face. You have got to be fucking kidding. Percy groaned as the blurriness slowly faded from his vision, allowing him to take in the scene. He was chained to the wall by cuffs on his ankles and wrists in a medium-sized room plated with grey metal, lit by a series of fluorescent lights dotting the ceiling. A solitary table with all sorts of odd implements sat in the nearest corner, across from the door at the far corner. Tiny holes dotted every wall, which translated to soundproofing- though he had no idea how he knew that. There were four people, all wearing the same black-and-purple military uniform, standing in a loose half-circle around him, and despite the headache pounding into his brain, his mind instantly kicked into hyperdrive, urging him to get as much information out of his surroundings as possible before answering any questions. This, he knew, was an interrogation. The first one, standing to his left, was a silver-blond man roughly his age- twenty-two, he recalled - standing about five-ten, two inches shorter than himself. He was slender and toned; Percy would have judged him as fairly attractive if not for the odd sneer-scowl combination etched into his hard, angular facial features. The second man made Percy's eyes nearly pop out of his head. He was Asian, slightly taller than Percy at around six-one- but could have easily outweighed him by a good sixty pounds. Though some of that weight might have been fat, the vast majority of it was pure muscle, which put Percy on alert. He recognized that physique as belonging to one of the agents who had restrained him when he had entered the building. But what really shocked Percy was what he looked like from the neck up; the man's youthful features wouldn't have been out of place on a fifteen-year-old Chinese-American schoolboy. For some odd reason, despite the fact that this bear of a human could have easily snapped his neck with one hand, Percy felt completely unthreatened. Perhaps it had something to do with the almost-apologetic look on the man's face, as if he were saying, Sorry for holding you down while my friends beat the shit out of you. Right next to the burly Asian guy was a slim African-American girl. She was short, roughly five-three or five-four, with curly cinnamon-brown hair and the most unusual eyes he had ever seen, two ominous gold orbs that sent a shiver up his spine. She was beautiful, but Percy didn't feel attracted to her in the least bit. For one thing, she looked incredibly young- eighteen or nineteen at the oldest, even younger than the baby-faced Asian guy. He would have actually guessed fifteen, but he figured that she had to be older than that to be here . More importantly though, there was something unsettling about her, a melancholy that marred her elegant features. She had the eyes of a killer (don't ask how he knew) with none of the killing intent, as if she were somewhere between cold-blooded murderer and tortured victim . The last person, though, was definitely the one he needed to pay attention to, and not only for the fact that she was the one aiming the gun at his head. She was in her early twenties and on the tall side, an inch or two shorter than the silver-haired man, with dark hair and tan olive skin; if he had to guess, he would have pegged her as having Hispanic blood. Her looks provided a stark contrast to the other girl's; instead of a soft, somber loveliness, this woman possessed what could only be described as a harsh beauty; her classical high cheekbones and piercing dark eyes reminded him of another girl that he knew but couldn't name; despite the fact that the mysterious grey-eyed blonde that plagued the back of his mind looked nothing like the woman in front of him, the same determination was written over both their faces. Percy was a natural when it came to reading body language, and everything about the dark-eyed girl- her confident posture, her calm, unwavering gaze- indicated that she was the leader of this bizarre group. A simple look around only strengthened that suspicion; the blond man's shifty eyes seemed to flit between Percy and the tall girl, as if he wanted to do something horrible to him but had to wait for her permission. The other two- the big guy and the short girl- were standing close to each other, but both of them were looking toward the older girl with attentive anticipation. Finally, the leader spoke, in an even voice: "Who are you, and who do you work for?" Fuck if I know, Percy thought before holding his tongue. He decided on a (slightly) tamer response. "I'd like to know who exactly I have the pleasure of doing business with," he replied with the cheekiest smirk he could muster. His retort could very well earn him a beating- or worse- but Percy was simply too angry and too tired to care at this point. "You're in no position to be making requests, you little-" the sneering blond man began before his superior cut him off. "Silence, Octavian. His question isn't unreasonable; in fact, I'd ask the same if I were him. Besides, if he is working for Gaea, he won't be leaving here alive anyways." Gaea? The name rang a bell, but just like everything else in his clustered, foggy mind, it was just out of reach, like he was tiptoeing to pluck an apple just a fraction of an inch too high to grasp. "There's a lot of intel to sort through today, so why don't you get going? The three of us will be more than enough to get what we need from our guest ," the tall girl coolly stated, her voice clearly implying a command and not a request. The blond- Octavian - looked like he was ready to argue, but after a tense silence he grunted and opened a well-concealed door before walking out of the room. "My name is Reyna, and my associates here are Frank and Hazel. You seem fairly intelligent, so I'm assuming that you've already figured this out: we work for the government. That's all I can tell you for now, at least until you've answered a few of our questions. Let's start with something simple: your name," she finished. "Percy," he replied immediately. Easy enough. " Full name." "Um…" Shit. "I- I don't know." Percy's jaw tensed as Reyna thrust her gun dangerously close to his temple. "You don't know your own name ?" she growled. "You better come up with a better excuse than that or else we're going to have to clean your brains off that wall over there." She pointed out the trajectory of his hypothetical brain-matter splash on the far wall, and Percy noticed that her subordinates weren't thrilled by the idea either. The big guy- Frank- visibly cringed, and even the small girl- Hazel- was looking down at her uniform shoes intently. Think harder , he urged himself. First thing that comes to mind… "Jackson. That's my last name, I think. I'm Percy Jackson," he finally blurted. Yeah, that sounds right. "You think? " Reyna scoffed. That was the last straw. Fuck it all , Percy thought. He had kept the truth cooped up for the entire day, enduring the quizzical or even judgmental stares of passerby on the streets as he had unknowingly wandered toward the hidden base, mumbling his own first name just to make sure it was his. Add the beautiful mystery blonde, this whole damn interrogation, and the throbbing pain in his head, and he just couldn't keep it in any more. He didn't care if they shot him, threw him in the crazy bin for life, or even tortured him under suspicion of enemy espionage. "I don't remember anything, okay? I woke up this morning and everything- everything about my life just went out the window, don't ask me how," he half-screamed. A flicker of something- pity? - flashed across Reyna's face for just a split second before she returned to her steely disposition. Percy closed his eyes, awaiting the inevitable bullet or, even worse, a command to Hazel and Frank to throw him in one of those government waterboarding cells. For what seemed like forever, the room was deathly silent. Then Reyna spoke: "What do you two think?" Percy opened his eyes, slowly meeting Frank's gaze, then Hazel's. "I for one don't think he's given us any reason to not trust him," Hazel stated with a light shrug. "When I woke from my, erm, accident, something similar happened to me. Though I never forgot my own name," she added. "Well, I trust Hazel's judgment, so I'll second that," Frank said with a nod at Percy. Reyna blinked before turning back to Percy. "Very well then. My associates don't sense that you're lying, and this"- she motioned to a silver-and-gold instrument on the table that Percy figured was some form of lie detection machine- "hasn't informed me to the contrary…yet. So tell me exactly what you do remember." Percy swallowed, but he began. "I woke up at around noon-four or five hours ago on a bench in a park pretty far from here, maybe six to eight miles away. Nothing rang a bell, so I went east for about two or three miles until I ran into a supermarket outside the city. I asked somebody where exactly I was, but all they said was Berkeley, which sounds familiar, but I swear I've never been here exactly. That's when they attacked. And by they I mean those two crazy old ninja ladies that looked like tacky employees until one of them pulled a gun on me and I had to run-" "Hold on," Reyna shouted, breaking his rant. "You're telling me there were two assassins waiting in a supermarket ? And they were old women with concealed handguns?" Percy grimaced; skepticism was written all over Reyna's pretty-but-terrifying countenance. " He can vouch for me," Percy grunted with a nod toward Frank. "Well, I did see two figures wearing running off in the distance. They did look like they were wearing a lot of random colors, but other than that, I couldn't make out anything. If they did have weapons, they definitely concealed them before coming into view," Frank said with a shrug. Reyna didn't look entirely convinced, but she returned her gaze to Percy and nodded, signaling him to continue. "I managed to run until I got here, and you know the story from there," he finished, looking up at his interrogator. Please believe me. Pretty please? "So let