LAGNIAPPE a bit extra, an unexpected gift by Daphodill ~ ONE ~ To untrained eyes and ears, the bayou was fast asleep. The sun was far from rising, but Spud knew what he was looking for was nearing the height of their day. Reaching over the side of his flat bottom, fiberglass boat to better arrange the battery of equipment he'd need for his task, the screen door screamed open and then slammed shut behind him. The spring had long since fallen into the sandy soil and was lost forever. His wife had nagged about him replacing the missing piece, but the clack of a tin door against the jab was an oddly comforting sound, except when it wasn't. This morning, the racket was followed by a loud, drawn out yawn, and echoed across the darkness, shattering his serenity. "Dangit gal. Why you gotta make so much noise? If you weren't so keen with that rifle, I'd leave your citified ass here." The response was a buzzing raspberry. "Here, Rose packed you some coffee. I already had some." "What the hell, Itsy? You know I gotta get the first cup. I always gotta get the first cup. Dude, you're fuckin' up my mojo." Shoving her cousin hard, Itsy laughed. "I'm just playin', Spud. Damn. I know better than to mess with your precious mojo." Itsy bugged out her eyes and wiggled her fingers mockingly in Spud's face. "I guess big city livin' didn't totally screw you up, then. You ain't forgot where you come from," he teased, wrapping his little cousin, who was now quite grown up, in a tight embrace. He squeezed a little harder for good measure, making her gasp. "It's good to have you back, even if it's just for a few months." She stumbled back once Spud released her. He tossed her a set of keys, which she used to unlock one of the tall metal cabinets lining the house. Inside was a treasure trove of lures, hooks, spears, nets, and traps. The other cabinets and workbenches held similar booty. Itsy quickly loaded what they would need into a large bucket and stuffed smaller items into the many pockets of her low-slung, camouflage cargo shorts. Underneath was a simple cotton bra and panty set, covered by a ribbed tank top, and a military-style short sleeved button down shirt. For the work she was going to be doing this fall, she would live in this type of outfit. It was wash and wear, comfortable, and un-restricting. Itsy went to the boot rack to grab her waders, thoroughly shaking them out to ensure no eight-legged critters took up residence there overnight. She swapped her Crocs out for the thick rubber footwear, and continued to help Spud load the truck and boat. They moved in silent synchronicity, having danced this dance hundreds of times throughout their lives. Early morning excursions such as these were a way of life down in the swamp. If his family was to eat, Spud knew he had to get up and work for it. This was no nine-to-five gig. He punched nobody's clock. Life in the bayou was cyclical. Spud could make nearly a year's worth of salary in the span of a month if he had a good haul during gator season; not to mention the additional income generated by processing some of his own catch. Living off the swamp provided the McCartys a very comfortable life. Itsy pulled a handkerchief from her back pocket and wiped the back of her neck. It was evident today was going to be a scorcher. The day was just a few hours old, but humidity hung in the air thick and weighty, barely giving sweat a chance to evaporate. Drawing the moist air into her lungs, Itsy once again felt whole. She had never gotten used to the dry heat of Phoenix. She hated the contrasting climates and brittle colors of the desert. She hated the dust and wide open nothingness of the desert. Itsy tried not to hate her mother for taking her away from lush flora and fauna of the bayou. She tried not to hate her mother for snatching her away from the abundant life that coursed through every inch of the swamp. She tried not to hate her mother for turning her back on a rich and colorful existence in favor of sepia-hued one. Most of all, she tried not to hate her mother for taking her away from her adoring, although wildly eccentric father. Itsy shook her head to rid herself of regret—she was home now. Her heart knew. Her body had instantly become acclimated to her native land. There was no doubt her soul knew where it belonged. Spanish moss dripped from the cypress trees while night birds called to one another through inky darkness. Moving in silence, the only other sound was the soft crunch of gravel under the wheels of the boat's trailer backing into the still water. Itsy slid lithely into the boat, releasing its ties. She dropped the motor into the water, pulling the ripcord to bring the engine to life. She expertly navigated the vessel away from dry land while Spud parked the truck. He trotted along the weathered wood of the pier, his boots thumping hollowly with each step. Despite the darkness, Itsy could see happiness in her cousin's posture; she could hear it in the rhythm of his footsteps. He'd missed her just as much as she'd missed him. At his swift pace, Spud quickly ran out of planks and leapt into the boat, landing with an echoing boom. "Why you always gotta show off, huh, Spud?" He moved to the bow, rustling his cousin's hair as he passed. His world was set right at the sound of Itsy's nickname for him falling easily from her lips. "Get that engine going. We got gators to catch. You ready?" He raised his right arm high above his head, and then lowered it like a dart. "Mush!" Itsy laughed as she brought the engine back to life. "Aye, Captain!" she called, following her cousin's hand like a compass as he directed their path. Dawn breaking over the swamp was a glorious sight, and one Itsy had desperately missed during her time away. Soft blues, yellows, and oranges streaked across the horizon in perfect strokes executed by a master painter. The warmth of the rising sun over the water was a comforting blanket. Dragonflies skimmed the surface of the marsh. Vegetation blurred the end of land and the beginning of water. Spud waved Itsy forward. They quickly cut through a field of water lilies, kicking up plumes of white blossoms and waxy, dark green leaves in their wake. Herons and Yellowlegs foraged in the nearby marsh grasses, barely taking notice of the passing boat. Spying his tag hanging from a mangrove branch, Spud directed Itsy to kill the engine and allow the boat to drift toward the shaded spot. "Hot pink leopard print, really?" Itsy chided as she got a good look at the fabric scrap identifying where Spud had baited lines. "What? Rose made them for me." Itsy gave her cousin a "you're so whipped" look. Spud huffed, turning away to check his line. "Shut up and get to work. I'm not paying you to give me shit." "News flash, dickhead, you're not paying me at all." Spud slowly pulled the line up from the water hand-over-hand; his massive muscles flexing and extending as the rope smoothly ascended. The rising sun glinted across his honey tan skin. "Contrary to what the title implies, your freeloading ain't free. Now, shut your yap and grab the damn rifle. There's a bigun on the end of this here line." Just as he finished speaking, a gaping, bright white mouth broke through the water's surface. Spud grunted and shored his footing as he wrestled with the beast on the other end of the rope. Water sprayed up onto the pair as the gator thrashed against Spud's hold. Barely acknowledging the sudden deluge, Itsy wiped her hands on her shorts, and then cocked the rifle. She kept both eyes trained on the beast as Spud worked the gator's head above water and into position. There was only one spot on the beast's leathered head Itsy's .22 rifle's Mangum bullet could penetrate to kill. A bullet to another part of the gator would only serve to piss the animal off, and they could not have that. An ornery gator was a thousand times more lethal. The animal's head was huge. Spud's experience taught him how to gauge the size of his catch just by the tension in his line. This one was easily ten feet and weighed nearly six hundred pounds; a grand start to their day. Spud hoped that Itsy's skills hadn't fallen off; he did not want to fight with the behemoth for long. "Shoot! Shoot the damn thing!" Itsy moved close to the side of the boat, taking aim at the back of the beast's head. The spot she needed to hit was roughly the size of a quarter, and rested just above where the last of the beasts raised armored scales ended and its head began. The giant thrashed again, rising higher out of the water. "Itsy, shoot the summabitch already," he ordered through gritted teeth. Realigning her shot, Itsy brought the butt of the rifle to her shoulder. Taking a deep breath, she exhaled as she squeezed the trigger. The loud pop of the gun's discharge set the sleepy bird in the trees above them aloft. Immediately, Spud's line went slack. He worked quickly to stop the beast from sinking to the river bottom. Once the lifeless animal's snout was level with the boat, Spud's paw-sized hands grabbed hold. He squatted, bobbing the creature in the water, building up momentum to hoist the modern-day dinosaur into the boat. Spud moved with the precision of someone who not only had completed this task thousands of times, but was born for this type of work. His thighs were thick and powerful, twice as big as the average man's, providing a low, and almost unfaltering, center of gravity. Although he was tall, he was also wide, built like a bear as his Uncle Charlie would say. Despite his size, Spud had a fine and precise hand. Itsy secured the rifle and went to work helping Spud lift the animal into their boat. "Woo!" Spud high -fived his cousin once their catch was secure. "You still got it, girl!" Adrenaline coursed through Itsy's veins, flying high from the exhilaration of the hunt. Tossing a wet burlap over their kill, Itsy moved to re-bait the line, and then take Spud's place at the front of the boat. They repeated this a few more times within the next couple of hours. All too soon, the sun was high over the bayou, and Spud's stomach grumbled loudly. "Itsy, you hungry? Wanna get out of the boat for a spell? An ole buddy of mine is nearby. Let's go say 'Hey'." Itsy turned and nodded. She needed to answer nature's call, but they hadn't seen an outhouse for a while. She hoped Spud's friend had some semblance of indoor plumbing. There was no telling how folk lived out here. They were deep in the swamp where a person could live off the bounty of the land quite comfortably, if they had the know-how. Spud and Itsy leisurely made their way to an area of the swamp not often traveled. The isolation was unsettling. It didn't really matter that spent her childhood in the wilds of the bayou, she still needed the comforts of modern technology like running water and toilet paper. She shivered at the thought of doing her business with a shovel in one hand and a pistol in the other. Getting bit on the ass by a cottonmouth in the backwoods of the bayou was not how she wanted to die. No