Three Threes, One Family A Lord of the Rings oneshot by BiggerThanMicroscopic, or, Sira Character Tags: Sam, Rosie, Merry, Pippin, and all their children Genre: Family Setting: Post-Quest. Obviously. Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings . It's very sad but I'm trying to get over it. This story is formally adopted from my cousin ImDreamingTheDream , who meant to write it but doesn't have the time at the moment as she's playing Grace Ferrell in a production of Annie . We made up our headcanons for the next-generation hobbits together, so the end result is both of us should be happy. Remember to check out her stuff too; she has a lovely LotR oneshot and a couple of great stories for Maximum Ride . Also, our format is borrowed from the wonderful Baylor in her story Scribblings . The Gamgees Elanor She's as lovely a hobbit-child as ever there's been. Elanor favours her mother in looks, which means she's a pretty child from the start, except for her hair, which (once it grows) is as golden as the flower she's named for. When her younger siblings are born, Elanor proudly takes position as the eldest child and does not abuse her power so much as her supposed wisdom. But really, she's a quiet girl, very pensive, and by the time she is twelve she has developed a habit of not coming home in time for supper, sending her parents into a panic. But each time this happens, and Sam goes out to look for her, he finds her on top of the Hill, making daisy-chains in the fading light, and smiles up at her father as he tells her to come in. "Sorry, Da," she says each time. "I was thinking." "About what?" asks Sam as they begin to make their way down the path leading to Bag End's front door. And the smile on her little face will be mysterious but delighted. " Everything ." Frodo He somehow manages to inherit some of the looks of the hobbit he is named for – the bright blue eyes and the raven curls, despite the fact that both Sam and Rosie have the common sandy-coloured hair of plain folk. He's a Gamgee through and through, with a profound love for gardening and cooking. He loves the Midsummer Faire more than anything in Middle-earth, those being his words on just his second year competing. Frodo-lad enters with his pumpkins, and he wins second place the year he is eighteen. He couldn't care less for books and such, the way his boring older sister does, but like her, he's quiet, and there are times where Sam wonders if something of the elvish spirit has taken root in his eldest son, too. Rose Rose-lass is never more at home than in the bedroom she shares with two of her sisters, where she takes pleasure in things that Sam will never be able to understand, like decorating her light brown curls with ribbons and bows, and dressing her dolls in little gowns she starts to make herself by the time she is eleven. She's a skilled little seamstress, his Rose-lass is. She isn't one for sitting outdoors making daisy-chains, but she does like to go out to the fields and pick the prettiest flowers, and put them in vases and pots on seemingly every flat surface in the bedroom, and the chambers she shares with Elanor and Goldilocks are always the liveliest and most colourful of all the rooms in the hole. Merry and Pippin It might be coincidence, or perhaps they made some terrible mistake, but the next two of Sam and Rosie's children take after their namesakes to the point where they manage to outdo them. In other words, they're soon labelled the terrors of the Shire. Sam is grateful in his choice not to let them share a room together, else that room would be of shambles. They tramp about and cause mischief seemingly wherever they go, from visits to Buckland and Tuckborough to the market. Merry, being the elder by two full years, is the ringleader and can neither sit still for less than a minute nor keep his mouth shut for less than half of one. When not playing his proud role of the conspirator, Merry is constantly chattering about all sorts of things. He isn't one for asking questions, because he doesn't have the patience for the answers. Pippin, on the other hand, has ironically turned out to be the quiet one. He sits still and actually likes learning his letters and sums, and is terrified of guests, especially when Mr Merry Brandybuck and Mr Pippin Took come to visit, because they of course are so very tall. In fact, he's so bashful that one wouldn't think he was the sort for causing trouble wherever he goes, but he does. It's lucky for them that Merry is so chatty, and Pippin so quiet, because that way Merry can do all the planning and he doesn't have to worry about his little brother ruining it by protesting or asking questions. He goes along with whatever Merry says completely faithfully. Lucky for them, yes. For the rest of the Shire? Not so much. "Sam, your two lads are dreadful !" Pippin complains one day after what will come to be known as The Honey Incident. "They're even worse than I was at that age!" Sam considers this a moment, then shakes his head. "I hate to be sayin' so, Mr Pippin," he says, "but I'm afraid you might be right ." Goldilocks Goldilocks favours Elanor in her looks, with wonderful golden curls, but the resemblance stops there. It's Rose-lass who names her, when she peers over the edge of her newborn sister's crib. Sam and Rosie have been planning on naming her Marigold, for Sam's sister and her already full head of hair, but aren't sure yet. But little Rose looks and crows out to her parents, "Mum, Da! She has goldy-locks!" She wants to play rough with the lads by the time she is four, and even has something of the Tookish spirit about her as she teaches herself to climb a tree by the time she is seven. The other Hobbiton lads reject her of course, and so do her brothers unless she is absolutely necessary for a game, but she doesn't care because she can climb trees and run to the pond all by herself, where she enjoys gathering interesting rocks and catching frogs. She brings them home and shows them off proudly to her parents and siblings. She has very nice dresses to wear but they're always soiled from some adventure or, more often, misadventure. She comes home for tea from a day of playing with twigs in her hair and mussed curls, which makes Rose-lass turn up her nose. And when some lads tease Merry, she hurls herself at them with all her small might, and even though she comes out well on the losing end of the fight and loses a tooth, she walks home proud and beaming and while Sam scolds her for going and fighting he also ruffles her mussed golden locks and calls her his little ruffian. She's not alone, either, because she finds a quick friend in Mr Pippin's only son Faramir, just one year her senior. He doesn't stop her from playing rough games just because she's a girl and neither does Mr Pippin, which makes him her favourite of her unofficial uncles. In fact, it's Mr Pippin who gets her her very own wooden sword for his birthday, and she promises to her father she will fight off all the nasty orcs and dragons that might come to the Shire. Hamfast It might be coincidence, but it's his third son that makes Sam begin to reconsider naming his future children for other hobbits. Hamfast Gamgee the Second takes after his paternal grandfather so much in quite literally every way it's astonishing. From the look of him when he's born, with his chubby cheeks and few sandy-coloured curls, Sam is reminded of his father, and even though by the Valar his old Gaffer was a terror it makes him miss him anew, in a way Sam has not yearned since after he died, a little after Merry was born. As Hamfast grows, his older siblings begin to fondly shorten his name to "Hammie," especially Goldilocks, and Mr Merry and Mr Pippin's children follow suit. In fact, Hamfast is called Hammie so much that his younger siblings grow up learning that to be their brother's name, and little Ruby is shocked when, at the ripe age of five, she learns her big brother's full name. Hamfast accepts his nickname completely. But it's when he's six and begins spending every spare moment out in the garden with his Da and Frodo that Sam looks at him, his chubby-cheeked, humble and sensible son, and truly sees something of his grandfather in him. One evening, when the family is gathered round the fire, Sam takes Hamfast in his lap and says sincerely, "He'd be so proud of you, you know." Daisy After Daisy is born, Sam is convinced he has never before met such a happy, easygoing, and calm baby. She's a relief coming after Goldilocks and Hamfast, who, as babies, would bawl their wee lungs out at everything. Daisy isn't much younger than Hamfast, but nothing seems to bother her. She barely fusses when she's hungry or when her nappy needs changing, and if she's tired she drops right off to sleep without a whimper. She loves being outdoors more than anything, and becomes her brother Frodo-lad's shadow as soon as she can walk, following him all around the garden, all too content to watch his hands digging into the soil of the garden, and when she's too young to talk much she lets out squeals of delight whenever he unearths a carrot or potato, clapping her little hands together in glee. When Daisy turns eight, she seems to spend every spare moment outside. In that respect, she's much like her older sister Goldilocks, but unlike Goldilocks Daisy is all too happy to sit on her rump in the garden or at the top of The Hill and make flower-chains or sprawl out on her stomach and watch the insects crawl around on the ground with utter fascination. She quickly becomes the darling among all her aunts and uncles, who dote on her and give her all manner of gifts. Sam worries that Daisy will grow up spoiled, but most of the dolls and dresses and ribbons she receives don't interest her, and the dolls and ribbons go right to Rose-lass. The dresses won't fit her sister however, so while Daisy wears them, she doesn't pay them much mind. She's such a little sunshine that it catches them off-guard if she causes a fuss about anything, so Sam is surprised when he takes her to Rivendell when she turns sixteen, and she fusses the whole trip there. Not even the threat of a spanking will quiet her. Eventually, when they're about halfway from Bree, Sam sits Daisy right down on a log and bends down a little so he better matches her height when seated. "Daisy." He speaks firmly. "You know what route we're taking now, don't you, lass?" Daisy senses a lecture and nods, wide-eyed. "Yessir." "And what is that?" "We're goin' to Rivendell," she says proudly. "That's right. And you know I went there once too, back before I wedded your Mum." She nods again, her eyes still wide. And then, to Sam's surprise, she bursts into tears. Sam has plenty of experience with tantrums, and he knows this isn't one. These tears are genuine. Feeling baffled he gathers her in his arms and lets her sob into his shoulder, shushing her and patting her hair. When she finally stops crying enough to scrub away her tears - though