Disclaimer: I DO NOT own The Hunger Games, I must pass that honor to the queen of literature: Suzanne Collins! Just as a reminder/ heads up, this story is an AU story, and will have changed personalities as far as the personalities of Peeta and Katniss. It has mild language in it, so beware of a few curse words here and there. Summary: This is a fanfic where Katniss is actually the baker's daughter, and Peeta is the son of a coal miner who dies in an explosion. There is (obviously) more to the story than that... But you're going to have to read on to find that out c: -Burritoyum -Edited and Revised- Chapter 1: Discoveries Katniss POV My eyes snap open seconds before the scream settled in my throat makes its appearance. I let out a deep sigh as I attempt to collect myself and my heavy breathing. This has become my regular routine every night since I was little. Before, they were almost always about my mother's hand or rolling pin crashing upon me, but ever since I turned twelve - ever since he turned twelve - they've been a terrible mixture of both my mother and the Hunger Games. The Hunger Games... My eyes widen with realization. Today's the day that two kids from our small district will get towed away to their deaths. Of course there's always a slim possibility that a tribute from District Twelve could win, but the truth is that nobody ever does. Most kids just accept the fact that their young, innocent lives are over and that they will in fact die in the sick form of entertainment that the Capitol forces on the districts each year. Well, I suppose I should count our only living victor, the drunk of the district named Haymitch Abernathy, but he won the 50th Hunger Games twenty-four years ago. This would be perfectly fine, if he was sober enough to actually help our tributes. So, in turn, two wooden boxes with both dead tributes arrive every year, almost never even making it past the initial blood-bath. It's sickening, but in every way like the Capitol. This, of course, is a thought I can never voice. It would be considered treason, and my death would be "accidental" or my body never to be found. President Snow makes sure to confiscate his less-than-loyal subjects discreetly. Another thing I despise about our government. I sit up, distractedly running a hand through my hair as I think about the people who I fear to lose most to these games. My brother, Rye, is in his last year of Reaping with only seven slips in, and my eldest brother is already over the age limit of eighteen. My best friend, Madge, has only five slips in, the minimum for sixteen year olds, because of her father's position of mayor, though that doesn't tame the wild worry that tramples repeatedly over my thoughts. I take a deep breath. Then there's always him . The boy I'm foolishly in love with, the one who trades his game with my family in the mornings, who single-handedly has to carry the burden of finding food upon his shoulders for his family. Peeta Everdeen. Ever since I was little, Peeta's always stood out to me. Well, I suppose he stands out from everyone in the Seam. His wavy, golden hair and bright blue eyes are characteristics of a Merchant, and very much sets him apart from his fellow Seam inhabitants. It wasn't his looks, however, that seized my heart. It was his skill with words and art that won me over. It was quite hard for me not to fall for him with his sweet yet shy smiles and words that would make even Ceaser Flickerman bow his head with shame. Adding his amazing talent for art into the mix just caused my heart to swell even more for him. Being the baker's daughter, I have a love for art - though I'm not much good at it - and have considered offering him a job of icing cakes. Right now, my father does this while I bake the breads and cake bases, but it would be an opportunity to get to know him better, and that of all things, is most important to me. I roll my eyes at how terrible I sound, like one of those lovesick blondes that skips around the school gushing about their latest source of affliction. As if. It's just difficult not to gush - internally - over Peeta, though. He's easily liked by all people, and to my ingratitude, is popular with the girls. It doesn't help that his blonde hair seems to shimmer when the sun hits it, or that his blue eyes could put shame to the sky on its clearest summer day. His mother passed these traits on, being a Merchant who left her life of the town for the love of their Seam father. Crap , Prim! How could I forget about sweet little Primrose Everdeen? It's her first year in Reaping; I can't imagine what she must be feeling right now. I would easily consider Prim and myself friends; like Peeta, she's very friendly and easy to talk to. She knows about my love for Peeta, and I know about her love for his best friend, Gale's, brother Rory. I'd consider her my sister if we looked alike at all. Her light blonde hair and beautiful blue eyes are a big contrast to my dark hair and grey eyes, along with her bubbly and polite attitude in comparison to my dark and sullen self. Yes, I don't fit in with other merchants nearly as easily as Prim and Peeta could. My looks are those of the Seam, due to my great grandmother's Seam blood, I got her hair and eyes. Neither of which I'm necessarily ashamed of. It just sets me different from the other merchants. Looking outside, I see that the sun hasn't yet risen. My mind still slightly hazy, I decide that I'm not going to be able get any more sleep and swing my legs over the edge of my mattress to stretch. I pad over to my small closet and pick out an old 'Mellark's Bakery' t-shirt and some pants, putting on my leather hunting boots, and silently make my way down the stairs while putting my hair into its usual braid. I look up at the moon that sits high in the sky as I scurry out the bakery's side door, deciding that it must be around two in the morning. I still have plenty of time before the bakery opens and Peeta comes to trade his game, which I'll admit we don't actually need. I guess you could say I'm fairly generous towards the blue eyed Seam boy, but it's the only way he'll take any food from me with his stubbornness that matches mine so well. I sigh, knowing I'll never gain the confidence to ever talk to him, much less speak to him about the possibility of a job offer. Making sure the other merchants are still asleep in town, I quickly but silently make my way towards the fence, knowing it won't have power, and slip under the area I've made just by the Merchant's area of town. If Peeta - or anybody else - ever found out that I hunt, they would think I'm crazy. They would think I'm delusional or monstrous for killing animals that I don't need to survive; but the truth is that I do need to hunt to survive. Mother has always hated me for my appearance, and feels that since I look like someone from the Seam sector of the district that I should live like one too. Which in simpler terms means that she refuses to feed me the same food that she eats, or even the scraps. When I was little, I remember my stomach used to growl for days, and I would eat nothing but the occasional chunk or burnt or stale bread. My father was never aware of this, though he's been aware ever since I've started eating and cooking my game rather eating with them. These are my hobbies, my lifelines. Hunting and singing. I'm positive that nobody knows about these besides my father. I desperately hope to keep it that way for a little bit longer. I shake my head, as if to rid myself of the remembrances. Humming, I stalk over to the bush of strawberries that I hide my bow and quiver under, and walk a little further to feel more secure. Checking my snares, I curiously wonder if Peeta's ever found one of them. Now, feeling like I've put enough distance between the district and myself, I start to sing quietly. All the birds stop to listen, as they were said to do for my great grandmother. I walk deeper into the woods that I so often find peace in, position my bow, and lose myself in the greens and browns of the forest. This is the only place I've ever felt truly at peace. For the next few hours, I leave behind all my worries and cares, and let each step further into the spans of trees and shrubbery draw me away from the harsh reality of life. Peeta POV I wake up sweating and breathing heavily. Inwardly groaning, I turn over to put my arm around Prim, only to find her spot empty. Panic immediately overtakes me, remembering the nightmare I had just woken up from. She had been reaped and taken away along with District Twelve's drunken mentor. I scan the dark room frantically, my eyes darting around until I find her small form tucked up against our mother. A wave of relief washes over me. She must have had a nightmare last night and gone to my mother for comfort. A small pin of jealousy pricks at my heart when I realize that I had not been enough to comfort her, but I quickly push it away as I quietly climb out of bed, already treading towards my hunting boots and jacket. The sun hasn't quite risen yet, but I know that I won't be able to sleep further tonight, so I make my way out of our small Seam house and towards the weak spot in the fence. I yield as I approach it, listening of signs for electricity, though I know it's never on. Once I deem it safe, I slide under it and begin my trek into the woods towards the log that I keep my bow and arrows in. Stealthily, I glide through the familiar woods and relax more and more as I'm able to put distance between me and the musty district. The woods are where I can truly appreciate the land's vibrant colors and beauty, while the district is plain and dull, where grey coal dust coats the buildings, streets, and in the winter months, snow. While thinking, I barely pay a glance towards the squirrel that I shoot. I glance down at my kill and see that I've shot it right in the eye, just the way the baker likes them. I feel myself liven up at the thought of the bakery, and more specifically, the daughter of the baker. Katniss Mellark. Katniss Mellark is the girl I've had a pretty large crush on for years. I don't know what it is about her, but I can't seem to forget her. I still remember the first time I saw her. I was walking home from my first day of school on my dad's shoulders with my mom beside us, holding a tiny Prim in her arms. My dad said he'd wanted to celebrate a successful first day with a trip to the bakery, and being five years old, I would have never turned down a trip to the bakery. Especially if it meant seeing Katniss, whom I'd developed