Author Notes: I forgot to include a small note about the title of the fanfic. Maybe you are curious? The title of this fanfic was not random, as I don't do random titles XD. It could be interpreted literary (in relation to the main theme of the fic), or you could look up the Churchil's Speech after the famous Dunkirk evacuation, "We shall fight on the beaches", where he said the phrase comprising this fic title. Churchil was referring to the rescue of the Allied soldiers, and this, too, fits the text well. He ran. Trees creaked, bows shooting in front of him, making him dodge and jump aside. Leaves rustled under his slipping feet. He continued running. Wind blew, ruffling his hair, throwing loose strands into his eyes. He still ran. Rain poured over the darkening forest, its sounds muffling his steps, erasing his traces from hardly visible path winding through the bushes, their thorns scraping his arms and face, leaving ugly marks on his cheeks. Three weeks. It's been three weeks of wild running, random Apparating and again running. He was almost anticipating the moment when his energy would run out and he would be caught. At least it would mean no more running. They would kill him, surely. Just two simple words and everything would be over. Nevertheless, he still wasn't ready to give up. Not hope, as he ceased hoping when he was caught that first time, almost a month ago. But he simply refused to stop and wait for the inevitable calmly and obediently like a good boy. He would run till his legs would refuse to carry him and his heart would stop in his chest. Not earlier. He was a survivor all his life and he was not going to stop being one now just because of some stupid joke of fate. And what a joke it was! I. A month ago Harry was still at Surrey, Little Winging, trying to live through the usual hell of a summer at his aunt and uncle's house. He was anticipating the coming of August, or rather the end of July: he was promised to be taken to some safe place away from his relatives on his birthday to remain there for the rest of his summer holidays. But he still had several weeks ahead of him for now before it would happen. It was evening and he was late from his customary stroll through the neighborhood. If he arrived later than his cousin he would be left without dinner, so Harry sped his steps to catch up and possibly overrun Dudley, who, too, was returning from the meeting with his gang of friends. Suddenly he heard a familiar sound of Apparation, followed by another, and then another one. He saw several dark-clad figures standing just shy of the road he was running up, glimpses of white under their drawn hoods. Death Eaters. How they managed to learn of his address or why there was no Voldemort among them, Harry didn't question. He just brandished his wand, which he never left at home these days after disaster at the Department of Mysteries at the end of the school year. He never got to say even one syllable of any spell – one of the attackers threw something at him, and Harry instinctively caught the object. Familiar pull of a port-key whisked him from the street silently and effectively without any struggle or battle. The port-key brought him directly to some dungeon, where he immediately was chained to the wall, his wand taken, together with his clothes. At least, they left him some dignity in the form of his underwear, so he would not be totally humiliated when the time came. Or so he thought. Three days later he wished that time came quicker. On the first two days Death Eaters, one after the other, took turns torturing him – Cruciatus, muggle beatings, knives, simple mockery, which in his state was almost as bad as the physical pain they inflicted. What worried him was that the Dark Lord never came. Either he was afraid that Harry's luck once again would bring his untimely demise, or he was busy with something more urgent – although, what could be more important than his nemesis' capture, Harry was afraid to guess. On the third day he was left on his own. No torture, no mockery, nothing. When fourth day came, he once again was subjected to the visits from every Death Eater there was. This continued for two days, and he was once again left forgotten in the dungeon on his sixth day in captivity. At the dead of the night, that followed, someone came to him. Pettigrew. Harry expected another round of torture, or maybe to hear Wormtail slander his parents. Instead he removed the chains, but brought a piece of cloth to Harry's eyes, blindfolding him. His hands were roped in front of him, but the ropes were not too tight. As if Pettigrew cared . Shuddering at the thought, Harry followed silent nudge forward and, stumbling on every second step, went somewhere. "Lucius complained about the smell." Wormtail explained after a while, when they seemingly reached their destination. "You should stay here. Take a bath. I will bring some food while you're bathing. You will have about two hours, before Lucius comes to take you back. My Lord will surely need me, so I can't bring you back down myself. Don't wander the corridors, stay in here. Please ." This last "please" made Harry wonder, whether this escapade was authorised by the Dark Lord. It looked like it wasn't. Or maybe Wormtail was ordered to simply get rid of the smell somehow, but the rest was his own initiative. Or Lucius'. Wormtail removed the blindfold and ropes and left him alone in a room. It looked like someone's private chambers: spacious bed, bookcase and wardrobe occupied most of the room, the rest was taken by the fireplace. Harry briefly wondered if it was connected to the Floo Network, but decided against trying to escape. And anyway he didn't see any Floo powder and couldn't conjure or accio some, as he didn't have his wand. He turned and saw a half-opened door, leading to the en-suite bathroom. Not too lavish, but comfortable looking tub was the center of it, along with a toilet and wash basin with small mirror above. Nothing grand, but convenient and practical. The décor of both rooms was quite neutral – beige and cream colors and light wood were the main themes, even the décor of the tiles in the bathroom was light faux-wood. And neither the bedroom, nor the bathroom showed anything remotely personal, like a vase, a flower, a picture or some other sign of homely home. Nothing. This could have been a hotel room or just a guest bedroom, but Harry thought he felt something akin to personality nevertheless. The comforter on the bed was just too neatly folded, the poker near the fireplace looked like it was constantly used and shuffled from place to place in front of the hearth, there was a tiny hair in the wash basin, showing that someone was here just recently. But aside from these visible signs there was also the smell. Masculine musk odor, although very light, barely there, was clinging to the bed sheet, to bath towel and to the clean and seemingly unused robe on the hook in the bathroom. Slight freshness of the aftershave remained in the bathroom, man's cologne – in the bedroom, shampoo smell was emanating from the bathtub and lingered on the pillow. This was someone's private room. Probably, Lucius stayed in here when coming for the Death Eater meetings, if it was truly his idea to make Harry clean. Hell, he would agree to use Snape's private bathtub, and won't think twice, as he was really dirty and tired and hungry. Even Voldemort's chambers were acceptable while they provided him with such an opportunity – He winced at the picture he imagined: snake-like bald gray-skinned man, thin and skeleton-like, with red eyes gleaming devilishly, sitting in this simple bathtub, scrubbing his bony legs and in between. Almost choking on a bile which has risen in his throat because of the picture his imagination provided, Harry hurried to draw himself a bath and clean away a week's worth of grime and slime covering his body. After washing he quickly ate the meal brought by Wormtail and tiredly got to bed, intending to doze of a bit, making use of the comfort provided by the fluffy bed, before he would be brought back to coldness and roughness of the dungeon. He was waken from his slumber by the loudly opened door. Someone stumbled over the threshold clumsily. Harry bolted upright, only to be toppled over on his back again by the man, who barged in and fell on the bed, successfully pinning him to the mattress with a heavy body. The intruder quickly discarded his clothes, not even bothering to get up, and hummed contentedly, making himself comfortable almost on top of Harry. It seemed, the stranger had not registered his presence, so Harry tried very carefully to get away from under him to hide in bathroom while waiting for Pettigrew to come back. Unfortunately, the man, who, Harry thought, had been asleep already, suddenly felt him with his hands. With a dark satisfied chuckle the man brought his hips forward, grinding into Harry's pelvis. Harry gasped in fright and tried to wriggle from his clutches. The man, who was still not uttering anything coherent, aside from occasional moan of pleasure or a sound of satisfaction, grabbed him tighter and continued his ministrations, squeezing, stroking and pinching here and there. The stranger brought his tongue into play, licking and lapping firstly his neck, then he went upwards to Harry's jaw and ended all this with a hot kiss, pushing his tongue into Harry's mouth with force, making him squirm in displeasure, trying to evade the intrusion. One of stranger's hands found his nipple and twisted it. Another hand stroked his torso and Harry felt it go south, frighteningly close to his private parts, tenderly yet purposefully gliding along his thigh, the man's thumb almost touching his already half-erect cock. He was still only a teenager and such attentions even from a total and possibly hostile stranger made him hot and bothered. Shuddering under the other's touches, Harry still tried to get away, but was abruptly slapped, the place of the impact on his mid-thigh immediately beginning to sting unpleasantly. The man above him growled menacingly and pinched the reddening mark on his leg, making the stinging sensation more powerful. Harry whimpered in protest, as he felt the other's hand move, now circling his waist and lowering towards his anus. The stranger hummed questioningly and, still managing to hold Harry in place with one hand, reached to the nightstand with another, taking something from the drawer. As the room was only getting darker with each passing minute, Harry couldn't see either the movements of the stranger or his face clearly, not to mention that he lost his glasses long ago so his vision was far from perfect to begin with as he could see anything even remotely clear only when putting his nose very close to the subject he was looking at. Suddenly Harry felt the stranger's hand on his back again, slick and cool finger immediately slithered into him, making him writhe under the man and whine a bit at the unpleasant sensation. The second digit was pushed inside his ass, followed by the third one and soon he could feel four fingers stretching and scissoring his entrance. Harry let out loud sob, anticipating with dread the inevitable intrusion. If the stranger deemed necessary to put as many as four fingers inside his hole to make it big enough for the penetration, than Harry was horrified to feel the