A/N: This story is more or less planned (in comparison to my other texts). "Coup d'État" = Revolt, revolution, overturn (French). The line for the Epigraph was taken from the song "Double Trouble" by the Frog Choir. It was performed at the Hogwarts Welcoming Feast on 1 September 1993, as seen in the "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" film. Also it's a quote from Shakespeare's "Macbeth" and the title for a well-known Ray Bradbury novel. I want to once again remind: English is not my native language, although I am fluent in it enough to attempt to write texts. Also I now have beta, but the editing is slow. So this fic is only qued for editing. As usual, I am overly confident of my usage of English XD. Something wicked this way comes ("Double Trouble" by John Williams; HP&PoA film) I: Tangled He came to his senses with a start, taking a deep loud breath, and tried to sit up only to find out with dismay, that he had been tied to the huge four-poster by his hands and feet, spread on it like the four-winged eagle of sorts. He took in the room he was in. It seemed unfamiliar with all this old furniture made of dark and expensive-looking, though a bit worn-out wood, curtains on window and around the bed made from heavy and luxurious, though somewhat dusty velvet of deep-green color. A very Slytherin room, he thought. Though it did look abandoned and worn-out, not only in terms of materials, from which everything was made, but in respect to the air itself, too, as if the dust dancing in the stray sun ray peeking through half-closed window-curtains, somehow made it even more old and positively rusty with time, which has surely passed from the moment anyone at all had been here. He vaguely remembered being in the Potions lab, working at some project of his own invention and, at the same time, he remembered sitting in class at Hogwarts and working on the Potion they were assigned to brew that day. Both halves of his strangely divided memory provided him with the loud boom of explosion. Shaking his head in the attempt to clear the fog out of his thoughts he tried to wrest free at least one hand, but it was in vain. The ropes, it seemed, were charmed, as his attempt just made them close even tighter around his wrist, almost cutting off the blood flow in his palm. Hissing at discomfort he tugged at the offending thing once more before dropping his hand back on the mattress beside his head. He couldn't even begin to comprehend what happened and why, in Salazar's name, he was at this place instead of being treated at the school's Hospital Wing. The blurring memory of being in his own lab was dissolving into nothingness already, so he assumed that was either his wild imagination or had something to do with magic – probably, Memory Charm, or he was simply channelling some long-dead Potion Master's ghost. Not very likely, but still it was the possibility. One could never tell in the Wizarding World, and even Muggles claimed there were mediums speaking for ghosts out there. Still, he could not understand what happened for him to end up who knows where in such humiliating and uncomfortable position. He didn't like being treated like a dangerous prisoner by someone he hadn't even seen yet. He didn't have his wand on him, sure, but he still was able to perform some spells wandlessly. Knowing that what he intended to do was not harmless and pleasant, he closed his eyes and took several calming breaths, before lashing with his magic towards the ropes on his wrists. Small petals of fire blossomed at his palms, successfully eating away the knots of the ropes. Before the fire could spread further and burn him even more, he put out the flames shuddering at the stinging sensation in the mild burns on his hands. Then he tried untying the ropes on his feet manually, but reverted back to wandlessly igniting them, when the rope only contracted more under the touch of his fingers. Putting out these flames as well, he slid from the bed and rolled under it just in time before the door opened. Someone walked in briskly only to cry out in alarm and to rush from the room, not even bothering to check if he was still inside. Snorting at the stupidity of his guard, he quickly dashed out of the door before it could close. He was lucky, it seemed, as the corridor outside was poorly lit and he ran unnoticed in the opposite direction of the man, who still was loudly shouting about the missing prisoner. Three turns of the dark corridor later he heard someone coming towards him. Making a hasty dash for the nearest door he tried to open it, but the door was locked. This left him with the only option – to attack the approaching person in hopes that they will be slower than him and less vocal than the man who came to that room earlier. Again, the fate was kind to him. He quite easily managed to jump the short ratty man, successfully gagged him with his hand and wrestled his wand out of his hands. Foreign or not, the wand submitted to his will, allowing to tie the ratty man up, to silence him and put him out. After levitating the hardly breathing body to the even darker corner, he unlocked the door, which he found previously and barricaded himself inside, closing and locking the door behind him. He found himself in some kind of the office with big dark desk, shelves along half of the walls, map of some country or the other pinned up at one of them, directly opposite the desk. There were also three chairs, one behind the desk and two – in front of it. But the most valuable in this room was the window. Or so he thought, until he looked out of it, only to find out that it faced small inner yard and the other part of the building he was in. Well, at least now he knew how this building looked like: gloomy, made of dark stone and half-hidden under thick layer of decaying ivy, or something alike. All in all, it looked like he was confined in some kind of castle, or big regal-looking mansion of sorts. He considered Apparating, but sensed strong wards around the castle. He supposed he could try breaking through them, but only as the last resort. Who knew what power the owner of the place possessed to put such strong magic up. It was even possible that he wouldn't be able to get through it. For now he decided to stay in this room, to hear what's going on outside the room and how their search for him went, to tend to his burns and to wait for the opportune moment to get away. The stolen wand was a bit tricky, so he spent almost an hour before he managed to successfully heal his burns. Whisking some water and food for himself from the castle's kitchen proved to be even more difficult task, as he was not ready to risk opening the door, Accioing everything through the window instead. He managed to not empty the jar of water on its way only on his third try, and instead of getting something with meat to eat, he got only some half-eaten portion of vegetable stew, presumably stealing it right from under somebody's spoon. After eating and tending to his wounds he'd set to listening attentively to what was going on outside his room. People were running around, looking for him, no doubt. But also doing some errands of unknown origin, coming in and going out: he saw some of them through the window, but hadn't yet comprehended where the gates were, through which everyone left the premises. Several hours of calm observation later he was still at the same office. It seemed, no one was able to even find that ratty man, whom he took the wand from. "Idiots, utter idiots, the lot of them are," he muttered under his nose, snickering. They couldn't find him and no one came to use the office he was hiding in. Looked, like he was safe for a while. Transfiguring small bed out of two chairs he allowed himself to drift off to half-sleep. He will need the energy tomorrow, when he will try to break through the wards on the castle. "It seems, I had underestimated myself," he heard sibilant hiss emit from his own mouth. "Wormtail! Did you find Wormtail?!" how anyone could shout and hiss at the same time, he could not understand, but that's what it was: angry shout hissed at the top of his lungs. "No, my Lord, not yet unfortunately -" "Unfortunately?! What is unfortunate is when your mother gave the birth to your worthless self! Crucio!" he watched as the man clad in black robe and white mask withered on the floor under his feet, satisfactory smirk spreading on his face. Finishing the spell he barked a harsh command: "Find the boy! Dismissed!" and turned his back on the man, who hurried to get on his feet and leave, before he got caught in another round of torture curse. "Nagini, my dear," he called out in Parseltongue. "Did you found anything?" "No, Master," came the reply, the giant green snake coming into view. "I have smelled him briefly on the second floor, but then only the Rat Man's smell remained. He must have found the Other You, but then get himself killed or worse." "Indeed, my darling, even at sixteen I was ruthless enough to kill without a second thought. Wormtail got unlucky," he gave out a sibilant laugh. "But I would still ask you to look for the boy – the Other Me, as you called him. He is too precious to loose to my incompetent followers' curses and is reckless enough to try some foolish stunt in order to escape here. Like make contact with the Golden Boy," he shuddered and make a sound of disgust. "Salazar forbid, if those two meet! It would be a true disaster!" "Yes, Master. I will look for him then," the snake slithered away, hissing lowly. "Lestrange! Enter!" he called. Yet another masked man in black robe appeared. "My Lord," the man bowed low, almost touching the hem of his robes. "Did you call me?" "You will go to Severus. It is too dangerous to call him here, as Dumbledore, undoubtedly, watches his every move. I need the information on the Potter-boy. Severus as the teacher is privy to anything going on in that school. Inform him, that he should contact you immediately, if the boy shows any signs of being in contact with "me" again. Understood?" "Yes, my Lord." "You may go. Oh, and tell those fools to cease looking for Wormtail. He certainly is already dead, so is of no importance to me anymore. They should put all their efforts to locating the boy who escaped my chambers earlier." "Of course, my Lord." "Go." The man left, again bowing, though this time not so low. After a while there was a careful knock at the door. "Who's there?! Enter!" "My Lord, we found him!" "Where is he?! Where's the boy?!" "No, my Lord. We found Wormtail." "Crucio!" he roared. "I said to look for the boy! Forget this stupid Rat!" he screamed almost hysterically. He hold the spell for good three minutes before lifting it and calming a bit. "Where did you found him?" "On the second floor, my Lord. But there is no trace of the boy there. That floor is empty." "Avery! The boy is skilled wizard, of course it can not be easy to find him, you fool! Does he acquired