Harry Potter Fiction name – The King of Slytherin and his Gryffindor Pairing – Draco/Harry Hermione/Ron Slight Harry/Ron Synopsis Harry Potter had it all. Good friends, promising future and a girlfriend who loved him. Yet he felt hollow. Draco Malfoy sees through him, he gazes into his soul and sees an emptiness that can't be filled, because he too is also empty. After an unlikely friendship is started at the start of eighth year flirtations become complicated by the emerging feelings of a jealous Ron who is dating Hermione. Can they keep their friendship and maybe become more or will the force of the wizarding world break up the king of Slytherin and his Gryffindor? Chapter 1 - Don't look back Ever since he was a boy Harry Potter has had an emptiness inside of him. It could have been due to the death of his parents, not having any friends growing up or the lack of love he had from his relatives. However even when the boy who lived made a family of his own with his Gryffindor friends, he still was unable to fill this void. He faced many challenges at Hogwarts, won the tri-wizard cup, defeated Voldemort and yet nothing helped him. He finally decided to give the girl who has been pining for him for years a chance to fix his messed-up heart. Ginny was beautiful, no doubt about it. With flaming red hair, emerald green eyes, a fantastic body that any man would admire, Ginny was everything a man could ask for and Harry loved her. At least, he believed he did. Ever since their first kiss at Hogwarts, he knew that he would never find anyone who would love him like Ginny. Yet still, he wasn't completely happy. Not that he could breathe a word to anyone about it. Hermione would think logically and want to delve into his past, Ron would take it to heart as if their friendship wasn't good enough and Ginny would believe it was her fault. It wasn't any of their fault. They were the best friends a boy could ask for, which is why Harry felt so stupid for being this way. He knew what he needed to do and that was to look towards the future and not look back in the past. This year he would be completing his 8th and final year at Hogwarts with Ginny being in the same year since all the 7th and 8th years would be needing to repeat their 7th year. Harry hoped that in time, he would begin to heal and his heart would finally become whole. This was going to be the best year of all. One week into the semester had been uneventful with most subjects being quite good for Harry, Ron and Hermione despite them not attending classes last year. The first thing to upset Harry's peaceful existence happened one night in the library, just after dinner. Weirdly their librarian Irma Prince was not at her usual station which was allowing the usual silent library to be quite noisy, much to Hermione's chagrin. Harry, Hermione and Ron were sitting in their usual spot where across from them sat the Slytherin table. Malfoy was scribbling something down, seemingly oblivious to his surroundings. A Slytherin 7th year was being quite loud when he directed his attentions to Malfoy. "Hey Malfoy, how does it feel to be a dirty blood traitor to save your own neck!" It was very rare for any Slytherin to dare speak out against Malfoy. He could ignore them, keep them at arm's length and be as rude as he wanted but the moment you insulted a Malfoy, was the moment you regretted it. The entire library was silent, every eye on the ticking time bomb in front of them. Draco slowly raised his head from his parchment and looked at the unknown smirking 7th year. Harry was shocked, obviously, this kid was just looking to start a fight but he couldn't have picked a worse person to insult. Malfoy was not one to be trifled with. "I can't believe people call you the King of Slytherin, your blood is so dirty now we might as well call you a mudblood." Before anyone could get angry at the foul word being used, the 7th year was flying across the room by a nonverbal spell sent by Malfoy. Malfoy rose elegantly from his seat, grabbing his things. The 7th year looked as though he was going to get up and through a curse at Malfoy however Draco beat him too it. Suddenly the boy was bound by thick ropes, making him unable to move, obviously, Snape had help Malfoy learn the incarcerous spell. "Next time you speak one word to me, you will lose your tongue." Malfoy spoke quietly but the silence in the room made the words seem so much louder. Malfoy quickly exited the room and for some reason unknown to Harry he followed the boy. He had been amazed at the amount of skill and strength it must have taken not to curse that 7th year. Harry didn't think he would have been able to control himself. Harry followed him to the prefect bathroom but stood at the door debating whether to go in. Gaining some Gryffindor courage, Harry entered the bathroom. He could see Malfoy's back as he was facing toward the mirror and sink. He was muttering to himself, completely not sensing Harry's presence. Taking a step forward without thinking seemed to get Malfoy's attention. "What do you want, Potter!" Malfoy spat the words with such revulsion that Harry almost flinched away. Despite Harry testifying for Malfoy's mother at the wizarding trials, Malfoy obviously still couldn't get over the ridiculous blood wars between houses. "I was actually just coming to see if you were okay but obviously, a pompous ass like yourself is just fine!" Harry was about to storm off when he noticed that Draco's reflection in the bathroom mirror. He looked as though he had the weight of the world on his shoulder, fresh tear marks streaking his alabaster skin. Why had he been crying? Flash backs from 5th year when Malfoy had been a wreck in the bathroom flashed through Harry's mind. They had fought terribly and Harry had casted the Sectumsempra curse without truly understanding the consequences. Leaving Malfoy on the floor bleeding had being horrible and Harry had always held a deep regret inside himself over his actions that night. Harry should walk away and leave Malfoy to suffer alone but he couldn't do that. He knew what it was like to be alone and have no one around you who truly wanted you to be there. It was the worst and not even Draco Malfoy deserved it. He took a few steps forward and reached for Draco but before he could even touch the boy's shoulders Draco spun around looking pissed. "Don't you dare pity me!" Draco shouted in his face. "Don't even try to act high and mighty, don't you think I don't see right through you!" Draco pushed harry in the chest making Harry stumble a few steps backwards. "You act like you're so happy with your prissy bitch girlfriend and fake friends, but you're just a sad orphan. You're just an empty shell." Harry was stunned by these words. While Malfoys observations of Ginny, Hermione and Ron were incorrect, it was startling to see that Malfoy had taken notice of the emptiness inside of Harry when no one else had. "You're right, I do have an emptiness in me but so do you Malfoy, why else would you be in here crying over something so ridiculous." Harry stepped forward looking Malfoy directly in the eyes. "We might be from different houses but we both know what it's like to suffer. That's why I am here! To make sure you don't have to suffer alone!" Malfoy scoffed at Harry yet he didn't shout anymore. He simply turned away and walked to the other side of the room and sat down with his back against the wall. "You aren't alone Malfoy." Harry sat down too and for the next hour neither boy said anything. Surprisingly, it wasn't an awkward silence. Simply a silence between two boys, too weak to continue fighting. It was strange how Harry couldn't believe he hadn't noticed Malfoy's present in pretty much every class he had. Malfoy was the quiet type in class now, sitting near the back minding his own business and seemingly studying just as hard as Hermione. Yet he never answered any question, never raised his hand in class or joined in for any group discussions. He was silent, seemingly perfectly content to be doing his work. Yet Harry noticed the small things. Like how Draco's backside stiffened when he could hear the Gryffindor students around him making jokes about his father or about him being blood traitors. He noticed how Draco had a bored expression on his face throughout all of class and yet when a student was to say something dumb or useless to the class, his eyebrow would twitch ever so slightly. He noticed how some days Malfoy would come in looking as though he hadn't gotten an ounce of sleep, and yet not once would he eyes droop downward as though he was tired. He would look like a perfect Slytherin king, and yet something wasn't right. "Harry Potter, is there something you find ever so interesting about Draco Malfoy's head that you would like to share with the class?" Malfoy tensed up and Harry felt his cheeks warm up from being caught by Professor McGonagall. "No, professor." The class erupted in laughter except for Ron who had fixed him with a very confused and slightly pissed off glare. "Pay attention Mr Potter or you might find yourself in detention." Turning back to the class McGonagall continued with her lesson. Harry straightened up to listen but quickly he zoned out. Harry didn't realise how much attention he had been paying Malfoy until this very moment. Why was he so interested in the Slytherin boy, was it due to the bad treatment he was receiving from the other student or was it something else? Before Harry had time to ponder these thoughts the lesson was over and Draco flew out of the room probably heading to the great hall for dinner before other students got there. Harry took his time gathering his books and by the time he was ready to head out the door only Ron was waiting for him. "What's up Harry? Why were you staring at that git?" Ron eyed Harry accusingly, as if Harry had done something wrong. "Oh shut up Ron, I was just thinking about that day in the bathroom and my mind wondered to Malfoy, who cares." When Harry had told Ron about the exchange between Malfoy and Harry in the bathroom Ron had seemed quite pleased that the Slytherin was suffering. "He is a death eater Harry who deserves to be locked up in Azkaban with his father, not parading around Hogwarts acting like the sun shines out of his ass!" "Ron, Malfoy didn't want to become a death eater! We all know this, you were at the trials with me when Malfoy spoke. What would you do if it had been your parents that Voldemort had threatened to murder?!" Ron huffed, completely pissed that Harry wasn't siding with him. "That's not the point, the point is that Malfoy is a slytherin who has never treated anyone nicely unless he had something to gain." Even though Harry knew that was probably true, a small part in him wanted to give Malfoy a chance. He knew how hard life could be, how cruel and he didn't blame Malfoy for picking a side. "Look Ron, I can't be bothered talking about this, can we just get some dinner." Ron looked as though he wanted to continue to argue