Author Notes: We all know there's a chance that Gale went to District 2 to form a band called Bastille, and that "Things we lost to the fire" is kind of the anthem of GK. What I'm trying to say is I've had this idea for a long time, and I've always loved making fics that list things, so I sat down to write the idea this past week after I posted my Peeta Character Study called A Chronicle of Lies Gale's head is a risky place and I was very scared of going into it, but Kathleen over at tumblr was my cheerleader and so, now I have this and I'm making another one-shot character study of Katniss as a companion to this one and Peeta's. Katniss' character study will be part three of my Statesman/Symbol/Soldier series of one-shots. The OT3 that I deserved. I hope you enjoy this and if you want to comment here, or in A Chronicle of Lies, please feel free. Kudos are also welcome. PS. I'm bluesravenboyss over at tumblr, in case any of you want to say hi. para kathleen I call myself fool Say 'this good hearts you give, God, you give I'm neither hero nor monster. You gave me permission for what I am Wait, by Jeanann Verlee and Carlos Andrés Gómez Things lost to the flames (and the one thing that didn't burn) (prologue) On the fifth anniversary of peace, some genius somewhere decides to make coverages and documentaries about the 76 years of Snow's dictatorship over Panem. The documentaries air at four different hours of the day: in the morning, at noon, in the afternoon and at midnight, just in case you missed the homages on your workday! They are completely optional, of course; they spend a lot of time making that disclaimer when the advertisements and billboards are put along the railroad tracks in every District he's positioned, because no — no one is forcing anyone to watch the wretched beginnings of Panem, now. No, no — this is a brand new world where everyone is born free. Still, Gale thinks all of it is pointless; five years isn't enough time to 'miss' or forget horrors and tragedies the population lived with their own skin. He doesn't need reminding of his own past. He does that very well himself every night in his own dreams. He doesn't plan on it, see, and that's the problem, although in retrospect it shouldn't be that surprising to him at all. But when he gets to his white-walled apartment forty five minutes after midnight after a long shift, there's a strange pull that beckons him to turn on the projector, and suddenly, his 23 years of age start mounting up one on top of the other to make him twice as older than when he woke up that morning and he feels so old , so ancient and alone that what if he has indeed forgotten it all? He closes his eyes and before he can rethink it there's some blonde on the screen talking about tesserae, and fences, and, fires and mockingjays, mockingjays. In retrospect, no, it shouldn't be surprising. It's always a mockingjay making him watch something. He unlaces his boots and throws off his jacket and thinks this is so stupid , he knows the story damn well. But there's something about knowing he can turn off this projector any time he wishes to that makes this kind of torture compelling and pliable, and besides he might see her; which is a thing he both dreads and wants. When the documentaries make the contrasts between the rebuilding being made on District 12 and juxtapose it to how it was before , he feels his gut pressing up against his spine with an anger that feels as old as life itself. He pauses and plays the footage over the refurbishing of the town square where he stood once every year and he knows there are flowers blooming there now; he can see them on the screen. There are monuments being made, and green , so much green space around a gazebo that looks displaced, but all he can really see over that whole town is ash. Ash that burned his lungs, charcoal that stuck to his skin, black smoke that bathed the 900 people walking scared outside the fence with bomb sirens wailing at their backs. There's so much he's lost to ash, there's so much he's lost to flames. He doesn't know how it started, he just knows what was never his, and what he will never have again. I. curio noun /'kyʊər iˌoʊ/ a small and unusual object that is considered interesting or attractive. It seems rather absurd now, but there was a time when Gale was a child, and smiles that reached his eyes came more often even if they were still a revelation whenever they occurred. There was a time when Gale Hawthorne's world was still relatively new, and hunger and struggle were still malleable concepts instead of the constant reality of his every thought. It seems even more absurd to think that this child, this Gale child, played with anything that didn't require ropes and fancy knots to trap a beast in place, but see, this Gale child also had things like a father, and one younger baby brother, which means there was a taut playfulness inside that house sometimes, even if the circumstances were precarious. Two bashful boys playing on too-short legs with baubles and trinkets made of scraps his father sometimes found on his way home from the mines. It was a game, actually, a harmless one. One where he and Rory would mix and match the items depending on colors, sizes and shapes to make them look like something else —a tree, a bird, a house, imaginations running wild. What isn't remotely absurd, though, is that this is still Gale Hawthorne, and this is still District 12, a place where winters have gnarly sharp teeth and snow is thicker than brittle bones, and two days too soon four people in his small shack for home are in need to light fires to keep out the unforgiving cold. His father does the best he can; he shows up a little bit later from his shift down the mines with a bag that looks too heavy on his shoulders, so heavy that even though he's young, Gale notices the shape of coal blocks against the bottom of the leather weighing his father down. Hazelle brings out rags of old clothes to throw into the improvised fireplace, but there isn't enough kindling, and Rory starts crying a wailing sound that doesn't seem like his baby voice at all. His father starts throwing into the flames some of the wood they will need the next morning to make meals, and Hazelle gathers old school books, and paper and precious fabric she tries to convince herself that she won't need, but it's still a long night, and Rory keeps crying and the tips of his fingers are a little blue, Gale thinks. There are concerned adult faces exchanging glances and of course Gale catches them, because perhaps he never had a chance to be young at all. Maybe it is then that Gale understands what it means to be older, what it means to be him in a world that asks something of you in order to give something back, maybe he looks at his parents trying and failing, yet trying with all their might, and he decides to try too. Maybe it's that, or maybe it's not, but he goes to the table near his bed where he stashes all the treasures his father has been bringing home for months, and they don't look like trees, or birds or houses, not anymore. They are just insignificant pieces of stone, some pieces of wood, useless metal that melts; they are just kindle... gasoline. They are now the answer to a problem, and not imaginative artifacts after all. It takes a few hours for Rory to get warm, but Gale looks at his dad, and at his mom, and at his now empty bedside table, and a smile forms on his mouth anyway. There's nothing absurd about this Gale at all. II. patriarch noun /ˈpeɪ triˌɑrk/ the male head of a family or tribal line. The truth is, Gale can't remember where he was when the mines exploded. Gale can't remember what he was wearing, or whether he was at school or someplace else when he got the news. He can't even remember what day it was, or how old he was, and it's funny because he is told these last two things about himself years later after the war has supposedly been won, on documentaries that detail Soldier Hawthorne's background as if his life is an amalgam of curiosities, and facts: District 12 had a prominent mine explosion on a hot day in May just when Gale Hawthorne was only thirteen years old. In these same documentaries his father gets reduced to a sentence; an afterthought, one pre-requisite in order to talk about something else. For the rest of the world his father is item number one on a long list of things that amounted to the boy who became the mockingjay's right hand while saving the world. But Gale's father was so much more than that. His father was a man who knew how to love, a man with strained muscles, a sore back, chapped hands from working until his callouses bled, and endless lullabies sang to his wife's round belly every night. Gale's was a father who knew how to laugh in the midst of chaos; that's the thing about him Gale remembers most and because of this, he has always thought his father was a man so unlike him that he can't decide if his personality was cemented the way it was because he didn't have him, or if he learned to be angry at how the world worked because he did. Gale can't remember the minutia of his father's death, but he does remember the crying. He does remember going home and seeing Vick and Rory's thick dirty tears rolling infinitely down their cheeks, and feeling a hole so empty in his midriff that it kneeled him to the foot of their beds wordlessly. Innocence makes no sound as it breaks in half, so he keeps quiet through his pain, but he remembers the pressure and the force of Vick and Rory's heads as they rattled with sobs against his chest. He remembers the quietness in his own breath, and the gash he left in his own tongue just to keep from screaming and waking half the block with a raw cry that would never end. He remembers, hours later, how Hazelle plucked the boys from his arms that night and laid them on their beds, completely spent, eyes swollen from salt and grief that knew no bounds; how she commanded force from where there was none, the bulging in her belly not stopping her in the slightest, and hauled him from his knees, shoulders first into her arms. And after that, all he remembers is the crying. The holding on to someone's body as if they are a saving mast in the middle of the sea; splintered and broken but there floating on, and holding on and carrying you to safe port, and that mast was Hazelle. That was his mother, with her own special brand of grief holding on to this boy who would be a boy no longer, who cried for his innocence as much as his father's demise. She tells him We're going to be okay, Gale , and he hears the unspoken I'm sorry as his sister's tiny feet kick through his mother's dress, and he understands. He dries his tears with the back of his hands and answers I know, and Hazelle hears the underlying I promise