Author Notes: So, I have finally finished this series of one-shots, and character studies of Gale, Peeta and Katniss. I have to admit this one was the most difficult to write because I had to find a balance (the balance I think Suzanne Collins did not give me) between hopeful and sad about losses, and to be honest this ended up in a more positive note than I had foreseen. Still, I think the ending is adequate for Katniss' state of mind. For my take on the other two dumbos in this series, you can follow the link of the series, or go to my profile and read those. This has just been my take on the OT3 that I deserved. I hope you enjoy this and if you want to comment here, or in the other two parts, please feel free. I'm going unbeta'd because it's late, and I just want this story into the world. PS. I'm bluesravenboyss over at tumblr, in case any of you want to say hi. "Moreover her voice upon their voices crossed Had now persisted in the woods so long That probably it never would be lost. Never again would birds' song be the same. And to do that to birds was why she came." Robert Frost, Never again would bird's song be the same The Mockingjay Sings and the one time she didn't (prologue) After the war, Katniss never sings. Not like she used to, at least. She hums, she mumbles syllables low in her throat, she purrs them even, but she never shouts the words, or relaxes her vocal chords enough to produce melodies that other people might enjoy. Even before the war she had already decided that music was lost the day the mines exploded, taking her favorite person in the world; so after her sister's death and the loss of her best friend, it was only natural that whatever trace of song remained turned into a cacophony without rhythm and names. Mockingjays sing in sunny prairies and in duets. Who does she have left? The cruelest thing is that time carries in itself more echoes of songs she performed when caged than now that her burned wings have room to break free. I. sunshine Primrose Everdeen is born on the rainiest day young Katniss has witnessed. It's a visceral rain; the kind with thick drops that make explosive sounds when gravity makes them reach their destination. The crackling sounds of water hitting the metal roof are soothing though, at least it makes it easier to focus on something other than her mother's pained screams in the next room. Katniss doesn't know yet what being a big sister means. Her mother has explained it as having someone to take care of and her father has said it's like having someone to love, but Katniss thinks this little baby will never lack those things because it already has them in her own parents, so she doesn't know exactly what is left for her to give. She thinks about her shoes from last year, and the notebook where her dad scribbles things, but she's pretty sure a baby's needs are different than hers; and besides, she doesn't want to share her father's notebook with a baby just yet. A few hours later though, none of that matters when she hears the violent high pitched screams coming from her mother's room, because the baby is here; now. There's a part of Katniss that is scared about this baby and wonders if it's possible for it to be sent back into her mother's belly, but there's another part of her that's four years old that is just curious about this very tiny, very loud person. So she makes her way into the turmoil of her mother's room, where the midwives are still drenched in blood, water and sweat, in order to be a part of this, whatever this is. The midwives make gestures towards her trying to get her out of the room, and they speak words at her that Katniss cannot hear - does not care to hear - amidst the whistle of the rain. Katniss only has ears for that devastated scared cry that is powerful enough to be heard even through the thunder and lightning outside; so she keeps going, going, going, like a human being following a siren's call, up to where her dad has the baby in his arms. She wants to see her. Her hands are sweaty with excitement, and her ears ring hard inside her skull, but she wants to see the bundle of cloth that is restlessly moving in her father's arms, she wants to see the little mouth that's capable of being heard though the disastrous downpour of this cold afternoon. Her father understands her, and gives her a look of silent agreement, as he kneels to Katniss' level, and when her eyes finally land on that baby, she doesn't notice the blondness of her hair, or the whiteness of her skin so different from hers and the arms of the man that hold her. She doesn't notice the blue irises, nor the pinkish cheeks, or rather she does notice those features, but she doesn't really care about them. All she cares about is the force of this small creature; how it refuses to stop wailing or frantically moving her limbs, and there's something about that fight and energy that bewitches Katniss in place. Her father whispers something in Katniss' ear so that she can hear it in spite of the rain, in spite of Prim's cries, in spite of her own blood coursing roughly through her veins, and Katniss does as she's told, still enthralled and possessed. Katniss sings. She sings about sunshine and dark gray skies and as the notes flow out of her one by one the baby starts to move less and less, equally bewildered by her sister's voice as Katniss had been by her shrill, and in the future Katniss will not be able to decide if the magic of the event resided in Prim's quietness and awe, or in the fact that the rain stopped when she gave Primrose her very first gift. II. valley Katniss does not remember singing the valley song. She doesn't even remember the words. There are times after the war, when her legs are tangled up with Peeta's underneath the sheets, with sweat pooling at her navel and his quiet sleeping breaths making ripples by her side, where she looks at his gold eyelashes and she tries out melodies from her childhood thinking that maybe by reproducing notes at random, some vault in a corner of her brain might open the lock, and the song will come back to her. She racks her mind sometimes to the point of headaches in an effort to remember what it was like to be the girl in the red plaid dress, with two braids instead of one, and she always comes out empty, always jealous of Peeta's certainty, of Peeta's accuracy and photographic memory giving her pieces of herself that were already lost to her. Katniss knows she sung The Valley Song because the rest of Panem knows, because Peeta knows, and what Peeta remembers becomes what happened. What Peeta has said to the masses has always been what happened with no right to appeal, or change; and even though she fights it, even though she's tried to make peace with the design that was handed to her, part of her, - the part of her that was daring and rebellious, caustic and dormant - thinks that is unfair. What if The Valley Song was just a song? What if years later, even though it's real , and even though it's always , she's still playing by somebody else's rules. III. Rue They build Rue a memorial a year and a half after the war. They ask Katniss to attend to the ceremony, and the second she agrees and the phone line goes dead, she rushes to the bathroom and everything in her stomach comes back up. She sits in the tile floor of this empty mansion and focuses on the coldness of the air, on the bitter taste of bile behind her throat, on the faucet drip that Peeta keeps promising to fix and never does. She focuses on anything and everything that takes her mind off of the first twelve year old girl that she couldn't save, she tries to sidestep girls named like flowers that were too young to be gone too soon. She tries to convince herself that there are no more Games, that she helped make that happen; that there are no more children thrown into arenas, and no one else will face Rue's fate, but then she remembers her sisters blonde curls and she cannot help thinking that Arena's are not the only methods to cause pain in this world, and suddenly her entire frame rattles as she vomits the venom that gnaws at her bones. She just wishes she were somewhere else far removed from anything that would force her to remember. Miles away from anything that reminds her that she promised both those girls meadows and here is safe, and daisies that vanquished all evil and harm, and none of them got what she promised. Most of all, she just wants to be miles away from a world that still thinks she has protector's wings, when they easily break her armor with words on a phone call that remind her of all the people she has lost, all the blood in her hands, all the weight of grief. Peeta finds her hours later crouched on the bathroom floor, cold sweat matting her hair against her forehead and it's not until he presses his lips hard into hers - not kissing, just connecting - that she realizes her throat is sore from humming the words to Rue's song in a circle for God knows how long. IV. tree She sang to Gale once. She doubts he remembers it. It happens after the whipping, when Hazel has no more tears to cry and her face has gone lax enough to show no traces of the hardened brow she relied on to watch her son's pain. It happens when everyone has gone to sleep, and Gale's hands are still softly curled up in the shape Hazel's knuckles left them in. Katniss sits by the table occupying Hazel's place, oddly calm in Gale's hands, and looks at him in ways she has never allowed herself to look at anyone. He looks younger, bushy eyebrows and rosy lips that beam with the same urgency the blood on his back poured out; perhaps even more so now, Katniss thinks. She's suddenly very conscious of the red in every single artery, the thickness of it in the bandages, and of how the same furious color courses through hers. They touched him. The Capitol did. They touched the only person that knows the real her in spite of promising not to if she played by their rules. She's burned before, been dressed in fake flames that inspired uprisings in District 8, but touching Gale's sweat, hearing his soft moans even with the morphling, and staring at numerous spots of dried up blood on the kitchen floor, the heat in her veins burns like a volcano. She thinks about quarry, about how her options are dying in the woods running, running, escaping, or dying here beside the person who's always been a rebel, who has always been hers and she holds his hand tighter, presses her lips into his and promises to cause trouble to his barely present feverish mind. If her only options are dying, she can die giving him the chance he as always foreseen. When his breathing relaxes into something similar to peace, she waits at least ten minutes before she starts intoning words. It's not a song anyone else has heard of, although her