Author Notes I wrote this a long time ago. This is solely my interpretation of Peeta Mellark's intentions throughout all of THG, because I have always found more interesting that Peeta had a slight crush on Katniss rather than "loving" her from "the first time he saw her" when he was 5 years old. Peeta makes more sense to me if he planned to make his confession in the interviews, fully knowing he only had a crush on her, and that he falls in love by accident during the first games. This is me exploring that idea. Hopefully it is entertaining and enlightening for all of you, too. This one-shot also accidentally ended up being Part 1 in a collection of character studies of the three main characters in the series, so if after reading this you're curious as to what's my take on Gale and Katniss as well, you can follow my profile for the other two character studies. This is unbeta'd, so mistakes are bound the happen. Feel free to ignore them. a chronicle of lies or alternatively a collection of firsts, a handful of seconds, and one last thing. I. The first time he sees her, he's five. It's his first day of school, and there's a whirlwind of children gathering outside the modest building, fluttering and chattering like birds do every morning when the sun has just come up. He doesn't notice anything specific, just legs and random names and groups of children all around pressing noise into his ears. His father holds him by the hand, and his palms sweat profusely in fear of letting go. Don't get lost. Don't get lost. Don't get lost. The thought is all consuming; it won't leave space for anything else inside his five-year-old brain until his father points at her. She has two braids, tanned skin, coal dusting her fingers, gray eyes. She jumps up and down near her father as he listens to his own reveal how careless he is to confide to a child the burdens of his past. He's too young to notice his father's mistake, too young to know, too young to understand the implications in his voice and the dying embers underneath. He's a regular boy, she's a regular girl. That much he's old enough to know. II. When he first hears her sing, five years old becomes old enough for his skin to burst at the seams. He still doesn't understand what his father was talking about hours before, but the birds did stop to listen. He's still a regular boy. If she's a regular girl, he's not so sure. III. The first time he talks to her, he's nine. There's a math test at school, and a screaming match between his parents at home, and no arithmetic answers in his skull. He looks at the coal in the board and sees the numbers dance and he knows he's supposed to know three times seven because his brothers have been drilling the tables inside him for months, but he can't concentrate and there are two coal black braids in the chair in front of him and he's desperate enough to ask. She tenses when he whispers the question, and for a second he thinks she's going to leave him to dry, but she pretends to draw the shape of a 21 in the wood of her chair, so he can decipher the answer without leaving evidence of their crime. She doesn't speak to him then, but he hears the Valley Song in the silence while the rest of the class finishes their test. IV. He watches her go home for the first time that very same day. He wants to thank her, he wants to explain. He wants to tell her it's not like him to cheat, and that he won't do it again. He wants to say that if she ever needs help with something else, he owes her one and she can collect. But when the school day is over, she's already jumping into her father's dirty and tired arms with the brightest smile on her face, and their laughter sounds like music, and maybe he's a mockingjay, because he stops and listens, all purposes forgotten in the wind. They take the path to the poorest part of town, the one his mother forbids him to go because 'merchant children have no business in The Seam'. Her braids move in tandem with her arms as she walks, and he only stops staring when a hill steals her from his view. V. He's eleven when he hears her scream the first time. He's sitting with his school friends, and a girl he likes at lunch and he absentmindedly knows she's eating by the window across the room. Then there's a deafening bang and the ground vibrates under his feet, and the older kids are yelling above the noise something about the mines. There's confusion all around him and he can barely make out his thoughts while the teachers gather their students like shepherds herd their lambs, and he catches it. It's distorted and rebellious and full of fight and fear, but he's trained his ears to recognize that voice and its song is not about valleys or laughter, but about desperation, underground coal, questions and my dad, my dad. Her songs change permanently after that. VI. The first time he takes a blow for her, it's raining. He hasn't seen her at school in weeks, so it shocks the marrow out of his bones when he hears his mother screaming at someone in the back of the bakery and his eyes land on someone that looks like her, that moves like her, but that cannot possibly be her. The girl he remembers has two braids and a smile that reaches her eyes, but this version stands in the rain her hair a matted mess with wires for bones and skin stretched tight trying to hug the cold out of her body. But it's not the astonishment at the sight of her features, or the sluggishness of her movements, or the way her body slides down an apple tree defeated what moves him to compassion or to try to help. What makes him stretch two loaves of bread too close to the flame and burn his own fingers is the summation of several things. It's the fact that his father singled her out on his first day of school, and the fact that his mother growled at her for no reason at all, and the fact that he's a bit older and can understand that people channel their hatred and jealousy in the wrong ways. It's the fact that there's violence and hunger in this world he lives in, and he's ordinary but she's special in a way he still can't get. It's selfish really. When he tosses the bread and a welt is forming on his check he's wishing that perhaps by helping her, some of her uniqueness passes down on him through the rain, and some of his warmth reaches into her stomach and gives her a fresh start. VII. The first time he catches her looking at him, he doesn't stare back. Actually, he pretends he doesn't notice. His cheek is swollen and his eye bears a blackened patch that makes it hard to see, but he wouldn't miss the contours of her shoulders on the corner outside school, even if his mother had struck both his eyes. She stares at him cautiously from afar, probably wondering why he helped her the night before, but he knows his motives weren't pure, and he knows she's strong enough to stand her ground, so he gives her the benefit of never staring back. Besides, he tells himself, help is help whether it comes from an oven or in the form of a drawn 21 in the air on a math test. He smiles a bit as he walks past her, staring at his shoes. It hurts his cheek, but at least the pain makes it tangible enough to hold on to. VIII. The first time he follows her to the fence, it's a Sunday, and he is fourteen. It's early in the morning and he's out of his house because he was stuck with going to the Hob to trade. He catches a glimpse of her doubling a corner, the tail end of her single braid swishing and calling his name like the mythical creatures old civilizations respected and feared. He crouches and walks several feet behind her; he doesn't want to startle her and he doesn't intend to follow her for long; but there's some sort of purpose to her walk, a purpose and a pride he hasn't seen since her father died and there's curiosity at the tips of his fingers and at the balls of his feet and he follows, follows, follows until she makes it out to the forest and fades. He doesn't worry. He knows she will be back because she has a sister that she takes care of; and the girl that once helped him in math is smart enough to not get caught out outside Panem. He goes back to the Hob in silence; he has some bread and artifacts to trade. He's a regular boy from town, and but she's more than just a girl from The Seam. She needed help once. She's doing fine on her own now, it seems. IX. The first time he feels jealousy, to the universe's irony, he's holding a girl's hand. Her name is Corinna and her hair is the color of avenging fire, with freckles that make constellations on her cheeks. Her mother owns a small shop near the bakery in town, and they both have a common interest in painting; in shaping things more colorful than the world they live in, and she is so charming, and smiles just when his world seems dire; so he asks her what she's doing this Sunday because maybe, if his mom goes and runs errands he can persuade his dad to give him pastries for a small banquet up the steps of Corinna's mother's shop. So he meets her, and they go, because he only has this life, in this country, in this town and District where a common cold might kill him next month or the government might do it next year, and he's not going to talk to that girl with the braid, he's decided. Four years have passed since he helped her with the bread, and she seems more closed off yet happier than she'd been in months. He's gained more perspective on the brevity of their encounters and their very short time. He was just there at the right moment at the right time, and maybe that's the extent of how special he's supposed to be by proxy. He's still convinced she's not ordinary. That's the only thing that hasn't changed. He's spent about an hour and a half talking to Corinna when he sees the boy first. He knows who he is, all the girls in school talk about him in hushed whispers, all lean shoulders and wiry strength. He's seen him at the Hob trading squirrels he's caught in snares, and he just knows before he sees her that she's going to appear at this boy's side at any moment, and surely, she does. At the moment, all he feels is vacancy. Like his brain sends a signal through his body, and the rest of his anatomy is confused. There is no danger, there is no pain, yet his brain is telling him he's supposed to feel something, do something, narrow his eyes, avert his gaze, scream, anything , yet the next thing he knows, Corinna's holding his hand, and he's squeezing her knuckles gently in his. Later, in the privacy of his bed, he allows himself to name the feeling, and it's funny. He knows he has no right to feel