A/N Here it is I started rewriting the big mistake and this is the first chapter. I changed the characters now Edward is with Tanya and Bella is with Jacob. I wanted to use the original characters. Something else is the characters attitudes are very different then the 1 st story. Edward is more straight forward and Bella is a lot more feisty and angry at him. The Big Mistake BELLA POV Edward Fucking Cullen, was standing right across the park from me. I couldn't see his face but I knew that hair anywhere, that crazy bronze sex hair stood out from the crowd of people crowding around Central park. I froze when I saw him turn around, please don't let him see me. I pleaded as I stood still, his eyes scanned the crowd and landed right on me. His eyes full of confusion, and then recognition, I saw him take a step towards me but I turned on my heel and walked away. "Bella!" I heard his voice yell, his voice rough and demanding. I ignore it, and keep walking. I look back and see him struggling to get through the crowd, they aren't letting him pass. I smile at that. Good, the last thing I want to do is talk to my ex boyfriend again, the man who ruined me, who left me for someone else. The man who betrayed my trust and broke my heart. I haven't seen him since he left me, that was four years ago and now he wants to talk? Fuck no. I hear a honk and look to my right, its Jacob. I smile. He's sitting on his motorcycle staring at me, his eyebrow cocked up. I run to him as he begins walking towards me. I jump into his arms and he picks me up and spins me around, I squeal and laugh and he sets me down. I step back, looking him up and down. He looks gorgeous, its all I can think about. He had a black t-shirt, that shows off all his muscles and his jeans are hanging low, resting on his hips and his brown eyes look at me with nothing but love in them. I wrap my arms around his neck, and pull him towards me, when my lips meet his all I feel is happiness and my encounter with Edward is forgotten. I smile against his lips as I pull back and kiss down his neck, I feel his arms go around my waist and he crushes me to his chest, I feel him kiss my hair and then I pull away. "I missed you." I whisper to him, my hand resting on his chest. He cups my face in his large hands and leans down to peck me on the lips. "I missed you to beautiful." His voice is husky and I melt in his arms. "I love you." I mumble to him and his face lights up. "I love you too, you know that." He chuckles as he lets me go. I take his hand and he squeezes mine. I feel him pull me and I look forward to see were he's taking me. It's a small Bakery called Cupcake town and I laugh at the name. I look up at him and I wiggle my eye brows. "You want to go to a kiddy place?" I question, trying to keep my laughter at bay. "Is it so wrong that I want to take girlfriend to eat some cupcakes?" He scowls, I can see I upset him. I wrap my arm around his waist, and lay my head against his shoulder. I feel his arm against my back and then he pulls me towards him. "I think its very sweet that my boyfriend wants to take me to a kiddy bakery to eat some cupcakes. Even though I know its him who wants to eat their cupcakes." I smirk, he looks down and shrugs. I giggle, he's so cute. "Your so adorable!" I laugh, his head snaps up. "I am not adorable! Damn Bella I'm a man not a little boy." He huffs angrily, I think that just makes him look cuter. But I don't want him to be upset, so I decided to comfort him. "Your right, you are a man. My man and I think you are the sexiest man alive." I tell him and his eyes meet mine. His eyes twinkling with excitement and pride, I smile at him. "You really think so?" He asks, his voice teasing but I know he wants to know. "I know so." I state, as I kiss his chest. Here I have this gorgeous, wonderful man with me and he has no idea how much I really care for him, I'm not the type of person that likes to share that much. He knows that though and he claims that it makes him love me even more. We enter the bakery and we take the table near the window. Jacob hands me the paper with all the different cupcakes and I gasp at how many choices they have from Vanilla to Pink Champagne to Red velvet and more. I pick Vanilla with white chochalate on top and Jacob picks Red Velvet, Chochalate, Lemon Green, Vanilla Oreo and Mocha. "Are you really going to eat all of that?" I question, and he nods. Well of course he is, he's Jacob and he eats everything. "I want to try every single cupcake on the menu. One by one I will concur them all. Watch Bella, just wait and see." He promises to himself, smiling proudly and I cant help but giggle again. I look out the window and freeze at what I see, its Edward and the girl that he choose over me, Tanya. Tanya Denali, her long blonde hair and those pale blue eyes had captured Edward's attention from day one. We had been together for three years and then she came in and he began ignoring me, he got angry with me all the time, he stopped telling me he loved me and then he told me that he was bored of our relationship and that he no longer felt towards me, so he dumped me and the next day he was hanging out with Tanya. I stared at them, holding hands as she laughed at something he said, and then as if sensing my eyes he looked up and his eyes met mine. His eyes held nothing but curiosity as he looked me over. I felt someone grab my hand and I snapped my head to the side, it was Jacob. He smiled at me, having no idea what was going on outside, he leaned in and took my face in his hands. "You okay?" He whispered, I nod, not wanting to explain anything right now. "Just thinking…" I trail off, he leans in and gives me a quick kiss before letting me go. That's another think I love about Jake, he never makes me explain when I don't want to, he just leaves it alone. "I'm just going to go to the bathroom. I'll be right back." He tells me, as he stands up and starts walking towards the bathroom. I look outside and see Edwards eyes following Jakes every movement, and then they snap back to mine. Anger shining in them and then its replaced by something else… something darker… and I swear I see a flash of sadness pass through his face, but he recomposes it and just stares at me. Tanya's eyes flash up and meet mine and her face turns angry, she tugs on Edward's shirt demanding his attention. I look away from them and then I see Jake heading my way. He sits down and takes my hand. "They are taking way to long to deliver these cupcakes. I'm starving." He grumbles, as he crosses his arms. We end up taking the cupcakes home, Jacob's idea of course. Driving on a motorcycle with cupcakes is not the easiest thing to do. He has a car of course, it's a Black Chevy Impala from 1958. His pride and joy, he claims that he fixed it up all by himself and I know he did I was there, I remind him. He loves driving it but he says that he enjoys feeling the wind through his hair, feeling the rush that you can only get when driving a motorcycle, I agree with him. My mind drifts back to the Bakery, what was Edward doing in New York city? Last time I heard of him he was in Italy traveling with Tanya and that was Two Years ago. Now he wants to come to New York? Maybe he's here on vacation or something… Maybe he just wants to see the city, this doesn't mean he's going to stay. I hope he's not going to stay. When we arrive home I decide that I should tell Jake about my short encounter with Edward. So I do and he gets angry, saying that if he ever see's him, he'll be sure to teach him a lesson. I scold him for thinking that way, telling him that the past is the past and that I'm over it. The truth is I'm not. How do you get over the betrayal? The hurt and heart break that your first love cost you? It's impossible, you never do. You might get better but its always there. Jake calms down and tells me that he wont ever hurt me like Edward did, I believe him. We cuddle together and then we fall asleep in each others arms. The next day I wake up early and Jake has already left, its ten so he's at work. He's the manager for the New York times so he's busy all the time but somehow he always makes time for me and I love him for that. I'm going to make dinner tonight, I spring off my bed and decided that I am going to have a romantic dinner for the two of us tonight. I smile and walk to my closet putting on some close and then getting in my car. I own a Volvo because Jacob wanted me driving something safe, I smile again. I drive to Publix near my house and immediately go to the organic section. I know he hates organic food but is healthy and he has to learn to eat it, I pick up a couple of things and then walk down to the vegetable section, when I turn the corner I run smack into a hard stone chest, I fall to the ground and all my things scatter all over the floor. I take the hand of the man, and he helps me up. "I'm sorry Miss I didn't see you." That voice, the soft velvet voice belongs to no other then Edward. I look up at him and his eyes widen. "Bella." He whispers, as he looks me over. Fucking jerk checking me out, after six years of not even talking to me he thinks he can eye fuck me? "Isabella, now if you'll excuse me I have to pick up all my things." I snap at him as I turn around and squat down trying to get my things. I hear him walk up to me and then I see him squat down, as he starts picking up my things. "I don't need your help." I screech, as I take my things from him. He puts his hands up, his green eyes widening but the corner of his mouth went up. Oh so know he's laughing at me? I glare at him and he looks down. "I just want to help." He murmurs, his voice soft and composed. "I don't need your help, stay away from me." I warn as I stand up and pick up my basket of things. I begin walking to the cashiers but he grabs my arm.