Everyone Has A Choice Sam- 20 Paul and Jared- 19 Bella and Leah- 18 Jake, Quil and Embry-17 Seth-16 Pairing- Bella/Paul So far Sam is the only one that has phased and Bella lives in La Push and goes to La Push high. None of them apart from Sam know about werewolves and vampires. Summary- Bella isn't the way she was in the Twilight books, she's different. She lives in La Push, her best friend is Leah Clearwater and she would rather hang around with Leah and the guys than do anything else but that all gets ruined when she gets expelled and forced to go to Forks High Bella POV I sat in my chair waiting for Mr Brooks, the head teacher of La Push High School, to come in and give me the verdict of what punishment I was to receive. It wasn't my fault. I was provoked. It was Cara who was saying a load of shit. It was Cara who was sitting being racist and telling me about how I was a pale-face. It was Cara who didn't know when to keep her mouth shut. And it was Miss Lopez's, the art teachers, fault for giving me scissors even though she knew what happened after the last incident, so really who could blame me for cutting of Cara Taylor's ponytail off and putting it in the shredder? NO ONE! But no, she had to get all upset about it and cry and shit, I don't understand the problem, she had been saying she wanted her hair cut for the past month, I was just speeding up the process. Oh well, everyone else seemed to find it funny. Leah just about kissed me and all the guys couldn't stop laughing. Cara had it coming since the first day of high school, if she had just kept her mouth shut and stopped mouthing off about the fact that I was only half Quileute and that I was 'a pale-face' then I would not be sitting in the head teachers office waiting to hear how many weeks of detention I was going to be getting. The door opened and Mr Brooks walked in. "Isabella" He greeted me "Hiya Ted" I greeted him happily and was met with a glare, "Good afternoon Mr Brooks" I corrected myself with fake enthusiasm "Isabella this is not the first time you have been sent to my office for disrupting a class" Ted stated "No but it is the first time I've been sent here because I cut off Cara Taylor's ponytail, I think this calls for celebration" I said "I think this calls for expulsion" Mr Brooks said I stared at him. He couldn't be serious, if I got expelled Charlie would kill me. My dad was the Chief of Police in Forks but he was born and lived in La Push which made him Quileute and me half Quileute as my mother wasn't. My dad could put up a lot from me but not this, he would kill me. "I'm sorry, I think I heard you wrong, what did you say?" I asked "Expulsion" He repeated "That's what I thought you said" I sighed, "Um, i can't get expelled, I mean it's my fifth year, I have exams..," "No, you have misunderstood me; you will still be going to school, but not this school" "But the only other school is…" "Forks High School" He said and my heart sunk "You've got to be shitting me" I said and he glared at my use of language "You are coming with me to apologise to Miss Taylor and then you are getting your belongings out of your locker and are leaving school premises" He said "Well this should be fun" I said sarcastically, no point in arguing with him it wasn't like I really wanted to stay here anyway, no that was a lie I did want to stay here, I had friends here that would miss me. I followed Mr Brooks down the halls and stairs, my bag slung over my shoulder and my combat boots clunking with every step I took. I wasn't exactly the girliest of girls but I wasn't like a complete and utter boy either. Ted stopped outside I'm assuming Cara's math class, which happened to have Leah, Paul and Jared in it. Mr Brooks opened the door and walked in. Miss Barr looked at him and then her gaze hardened when her eyes landed on me. I looked over and saw my seat next to Leah was empty. "Hey Bells!" Jared shouted happily "Hey Jared" I said laughing "Why aren't you here? I had to copy Paul's answers and we both know how that ends up" Leah asked making everyone laugh "Isabella, I believe you have something to say" Ted said "I do?" I asked and I heard some of them trying to choke back laughter, this was just going to be humiliating, the majority of the people in my art class were in this class. "Yes you do" Mr Brooks said just short of a growl "I don't remember" I said "Bells, what did you get into trouble for this time?" Paul asked. Paul was my best friend next to Leah. We had known each other since we were born because of our dad's but that kind of ended when Paul's dad walked out on him and his mum but me and Paul had always stayed friends. "You remember what happened in art?" I asked and he started laughing so Leah took over his side of the conversation "Yeah, you cut off Cara's ponytail because she was being racist and calling you a pale-face" Leah said "See Ted, really it should be Cara apologising" I said and everyone tried to hold in their laughter when they heard me call him by his first name "Isabella, it has already been decided, your father is waiting for you downstairs so I suggest you hurry up" Mr Brooks said "What's happening? Why's Charlie downstairs?" Jared asked "Nothing Jay, I'll tell you later" I said and walked over and stood in front of Cara's desk "Right…" I sighed and looked up at the ceiling, "Everything I'm about to say to you is a complete bunch of shit and as soon as I say it you will forget it ever came out of my mouth, got it?" I asked her and she smirked, fucking smirked at me "And if I don't?" She asked "I'll shave your head next time" I told her and the smirk fell off her face because she knew fine well I wasn't kidding "Good, now that's sorted" I said sweetly, "I would just like to apologise for cutting off your ponytail and putting it in the shredder, it was un-called for" I said through clenched teeth "You done?" She asked and I all but growled at her but to keep me from physically abusing her I imagined shaving her head in the middle of the class room, maybe I needed to see a therapist….. "Come on Isabella" Mr Brooks sighed "Hey guy's, I'll get you after school" I said looking at Leah, Paul and Jared "What's goin' on? You have class here" Leah asked "I have news that is basically the most crap I have ever heard to tell you" I said and they laughed "See ya later" Leah said and I walked out of the class and down the stairs not waiting for Mr Brooks. I got to my locker and pulled out all of my books and my jacket. I walked over to the school office and saw my dad waiting outside of the door for me, he did not look happy. I walked into the office, Charlie's eyes boring into my back the entire way, I walked over to the lady behind the desk whose name I had forgotten long before. She looked up at me and she stared "Miss Swan, what can I do for you?" She asked politely "I got expelled so here are my text books" I said and handed her the books "Only a matter of time" She muttered thinking I wouldn't hear her "Only a matter of time until what?" I asked even though I knew exactly what she was talking about but I just wanted to hear if she would lie or tell the truth "Only a matter of time until the computer crashes, hasn't been working for hours now" She answered, she's a really good liar I'll give her that "Should get one of the teachers from the computing department down, sure they'll fix it for you" I said, why was I being nice? "Bye" I turned and walked out of the room to see Charlie still standing waiting for me. Now I wasn't scared of many things, that's actually what I was known for, for not being scared of anything. I had learned that at a young age it was better not to be scared of things that were not important, like people are scared of…Spiders, no wait, I'm scared of spiders, they freak me out, right, like people are scared of thunderstorms. A thunderstorm will only hurt you if you are stupid enough to go and stand next to a metal pole when it is lightening, but if you're not scared of it, you will see there is nothing to be afraid of if you are smart enough to stay away from the metal pole. But my dad, he was one of the few things I was scared of. It's not like I'm petrified of him or anything like, but when he was pissed or in full 'police chief' mode he will be the scariest man ever. Right now he was pissed. My dad didn't expect a lot from me. I know that sounds bad but it wasn't really, he didn't mind what I did as long as I was happy, didn't get into any legal trouble, didn't take drugs and stayed in school to get a good education so I could get a good job when I was older but the thing that mattered most to Charlie was that I was happy and that I was healthy. "Bella, what have you done to get expelled?" Charlie asked. Yup he was pissed "You know Cara Taylor?" I asked him "Yes, the girl who has bullied you since you started school" He answered "I cut her ponytail off and put it in the shredder" I said quickly and waited for his reaction He stared at me for a moment before laughing. What the fuck?! "You did that?" Charlie laughed "Yes" I said uncertainly "Well, Karma's a bitch" Charlie said and now it was my turn to laugh, "You're still grounded though" Charlie said, immediately making me stop laughing "What?!" I squeaked out, the year was nearly over, just a couple of weeks left of school and then it was summer and he was going to ground me "You're grounded until the summer holiday's" Charlie said "You can't be serious, isn't it punishment enough that I won't be seeing Leah and Paul and everyone at school?" I asked and Charlie seemed to think about that "Ok, point taken but your curfew will be shortened and you're getting more chores" Charlie said and I sighed, at least I could still see my friends "Alright, I'll see you at home then" I sighed and walked out of the school and over to my motor bike that was in the far corner of the car park. It was a black Ducati 848, I had used all the money I had saved up from about eight years of birthday and Christmas's to get this bike. It was my baby; I think I loved it more than I could love any man. Yup, that therapist was getting more and more likely with every second. I got on my baby and started the engine, I looked up and saw Charlie pulling out of the