Sauron Did Nothing Wrong A/N Some terminology for the unfamiliar: Arda : Tolkien's world, upon which Middle-Earth is a continent Valar : Great spirits/Archangels. They function as a pantheon, but are not all-powerful and answer to The One, who created them along with Men and Elves. Maiar : Lesser spirits/Angels. Sauron is one of these, as are the five Wizards (Istari) and the Balrogs. Melkor : "He Who Arises In Might." The elves call him Morgoth. The 'strongest' of the Valar with a share in the powers of all the others, he went rogue and became the first Dark Lord. Basically Satan. Disclaimer: Arda and all of its inhabitants are under the dominion of the Tolkien Estate and Eru Illuvatar. "I did nothing wrong," Sauron stated evenly. A chorus of sighs and groans arose from the fourteen thrones encircling him. His former mentor Aule the Smith covered his face with a huge calloused hand, Nienna the Mourner quietly opened the floodgates on another round of dignified tears, while Tulkas the Wrestler and Orome the Hunter looked ready to break his spine and be done with it. Only Namo the Judge was unmoved, watching him impassively as ever next to his brother Manwe, the Elder King and Father's viceroy within Arda, the world. Sauron rolled his eyes at the Valar's dramatics and idly jangled the chains binding his wrists and ankles. The very same chains that had bound his former master Melkor, their brother, when he had stood judgement here in Mahanaxar, the Ring of Doom, shortly before his siblings had banished him from Arda and into the Void. A fate I am obviously to share , he thought with annoyance, not so much with his inevitable and long accepted fate as with the Valar's insistence in conducting this sham of a trial. After his Ring had been destroyed and he had drifted in the wind, formless and powerless, he had assumed that the Powers of the West would either leave him to gnaw harmlessly on his failures for eternity or take their standard approach and throw whoever didn't agree with them off the edge of the universe. It seemed, however, that they intended to rub it in his face first. "You actually believe that, don't you?" Vaire the Weaver asked softly, her face burdened by incredulity and…was that pity? Sauron considered how to respond. Vaire recorded the history of Arda; she was privy to many hidden details and circumstances surrounding the events that transpired in Middle-earth and elsewhere which escaped others. She knew that history was written by the victors; her husband Namo often called on her help when judging the souls of the dead, especially those defamed by the living. Perhaps she might have enough perspective to understand why he had been in the right. If Sauron was going to be thrown out the Doors of Night, he at least wanted to set the record straight. "Of course. Everything I have done has been for the good of Arda and Father's Children." The Valar sat still as statues, but sounds of outrage arose from scores of his fellow Maiar gathered at the feet of the great thrones. Sauron allowed himself a tiny, contemptuous smirk at his pathetic kin. Sycophants and toadies, content to blindly follow the instructions of their elder brethren and beg what scraps of knowledge and power they could from their tables. Their passivity and lack of vision had always disgusted him. Even the mighty Balrogs had only been Melkor's slaves. "Enough," Vaire called, silencing them with a slender hand. "Let our brother speak." Yes, we're just one big happy family, aren't we? Sauron thought bitterly, and forced himself to nod respectfully. "Brothers and sisters," he began without inflection, watching the surrounding spirits with a trained eye. Smoldering rage, bitter grief, and some undercurrent he couldn't quite identify. Contempt, perhaps? It was all to be expected. "When I said that I had done nothing wrong, I fear that you may have mistook my meaning. I misspoke, and for that I apologize. I have made mistakes, and the greatest among them was following Melkor." That got a reaction. Surprise, confusion, a flickering of hope and relief tempered by wariness. Good. "I won't trouble you with the promises he made to me, but suffice to say he wasn't able to keep them. In retrospect, he probably never intended to." He turned to Aule, who refused to meet his eyes. His wife, Yavanna the Earth-Queen, glared at him venomously as she held his former mentor's hand in support. Sauron suppressed the temptation to glare back; he'd never gotten along with that tree-loving harpy. "Master Aule, you taught me more than Melkor ever could have, and I have regretted my betrayal of you countless times these past three Ages. My time under him was utterly miserable, and not a day went by that I did not miss the warmth of your forges." The Smith looked down at him with wide eyes, and moisture welled at their corners. "Mairon," he said softly. Sauron felt a surge of comforting nostalgia at the sound of his original name. It had been so long since someone had called him that; it brought back a great many distracting memories. He mentally shook himself. Go away, feelings! I'm trying to be manipulative here! "For one thing, you knew what the hell you were doing. You had clear, realistic goals for your projects and well thought out plans to complete them. Melkor, on the other hand, was horrifyingly scatter-brained with the attention span of a caffeinated hummingbird. He flitted from one ridiculous scheme to another, each more impractical and convoluted than the last, and yet I was expected to make them all work flawlessly! I can assure you that none of the nonsense that took place in the First Age was my idea, and that I saw it through only under great duress." Something was wrong, he could feel the eyes around him hardening. Did they feel nothing for his plight? "That is why you regret serving Melkor? Because he had poor management skills?" Manwe asked with heated incredulity. Sauron blinked. "Of course. His methods were horribly inefficient; I could list half a dozen ways he could have wrested control of Middle-earth in half the time with a quarter of the losses! Hell, I implemented some of them myself later on." Angry mumbling broke out amongst the throngs of Maiar, and the enthroned Valar traded hard, tired glances. One of his brethren spoke up in a low but furious voice. "Was it efficiency that prompted you to have Finrod and his companions mauled to death by werewolves?!" He turned to see Eonwe, Manwe's herald, staring at him with thunderclouds in his eyes. Sauron frowned. "That is unfair. That pretender king and his pet hobo Beren slew my faithful servants and snuck into my stronghold under false guise, and I won our duel fair and square. Besides, my Gaurhoth were hungry, and I hate letting corpses go to waste." Eonwe recoiled with disgust for some reason, and barked back a retort. "A stronghold which you had stolen from him!" Sauron rolled his eyes. "Please. I didn't steal that tower, I conquered it. Conquest is an old, established right. The precedents I could show you!" Eonwe fumed, but Manwe stayed him with a raised hand. "Enough. He has had millennia to rationalize his deeds to himself." He turned back to Sauron. "You have not yet explained how any of your actions were in the best interests of anyone but yourself. What of after Melkor's defeat? If you so loathed serving him, why did you not sue for pardon and return to us as a number of your fellows did?" "I am glad you asked, Elder King," Sauron replied confidently. "The reason I did not 'sue for pardon', as you put it, was because I saw what needed to be done, but was no longer confident in your willingness to do it. And sure enough, you did nothing." There was a moment of stunned silence before the smoldering anger of the assembled Maiar was kindled into wrath. Tulkas and Orome made to leap to their feet, restrained only by their wives' soft words. Namo continued to watch him silently. Listening. Judging. Sauron felt a chill run down his spine. Manwe's eyes flashed with a blue light, and a clap of thunder shook the earth. "Silence," he said, refusing to raise his voice. There was no need to; his voice was Father's voice, and none dared to raise their own against it. "Judgement approaches. The prisoner may say what he will, ere it comes." Namo, Master of Doom, waited silently by his side, a raven circling in the storm's shadow. Sauron fought the urge to swallow nervously. I'm running out of time, he thought. I have to make this good. "When you defeated Melkor once and for all and sank the entire Beleriand subcontinent in the process, you left Middle-Earth in shambles! True, you were quick enough to shepherd your precious elves to safety, and even granted a fertile and prosperous island to that handful of Men who had managed to gain your favor. But what of those you left behind?" He spread his hands emphatically. "Without proper supervision, the Children ran amok! Languages changed and evolved, cultures splintered and mutated, kingdoms rose and fell overnight! It was chaos!" Sauron clenched his hands into tight, tight fists at the memory of such mayhem. Such untidiness. "The world was becoming unpredictable ! It needed to be managed ! None of you were willing to get involved, to do what needed to be done." Sauron smiled triumphantly, and his broken spirit blazed with joy at the memory of victory, of law and order. "But I was! It was I who destroyed the cancer of Numenor, freeing the world from the tyranny of Mortal rule. It was I who tutored and shepherded Man, uniting their squabbling nations under my banner. Tempering them, refining them, bringing out their full untapped potential! It was I who revealed the truth that has evaded you for so long; that the Incarnate races cannot truly flourish if they are allowed free will." His joy faded, swallowed by a bitter, desperate frustration. "In the end, it was the elves who disappointed me. They proved intractable in their arrogance, remembering well their shameful history of madness and rebellion. They repaid my goodwill with treachery, and if they had just used the Rings I'd given them instead of making their own, using my designs without permission I might add, then everything would have been fine!" He took in the faces of those around him; most of them didn't seem nearly as angry as they had been before. He felt a surge of hope; they were starting to see sense! Their once furious eyes were wide with shock, confusion and…wait, was that pity?! THAT WAS PITY! Sauron fumed at the injustice of it all. They weren't looking at him like the tragic hero he was, one who had thanklessly sacrificed everything for the greater good. No, they gawked at him like their favorite hound had become rabid and was eating its own legs. It was Ulmo, the normally taciturn Lord of Waters, who broke the stretching silence with a heavy sigh, sending a salty breeze across the gathering. "Sophistry aside, this explains a lot," he muttered to himself. Nienna choked back a sob. "Oh Mairon," she said quietly. "You don't understand at all. You never truly did, did you?" Sauron looked around, baffled and suddenly afraid. "What? No, it is you who do not-," he began with panicked frustration. His defense had been perfect, airtight. What was going on!? "It's my fault," Aule professed wearily with his face in his hands, cutting him off. "I was too caught up in my work, and too blinded by his talent and potential. I should have seen it, seen that he needed help." "None of us did,