Hi there everyone! I'm back, and I am very, very excited because I now present the first chapter of the New Year, as well as the first chapter of the fifth book! I can't believe that I have gotten so far in just a few years, and I have all of you guys to thank for it! I know this chapter is a bit late, as I was hoping to have it posted sometime last month, but I figured better late than never, right? And I tried putting as much focus and heart into this chapter as I could, so I really hope you guys like it, I'm a little nervous about it. As always, if you guys have any questions, comments or suggestions, please feel free to let me know about it, I will gladly read them all. And please, REVIEW! Like I said, I'm a little bit nervous about this chapter, as I'm taking a slightly different approach to it, and I'm hoping you guys like it, but if not, just let me know anyway, and I'll do better to improve for future chapters! Anyway, here is the first chapter of "You Were Always There: Part Five," so enjoy! Disclaimer: All things Harry Potter are not mine! Chapter One: Cold Shadows MPOV "Mia! Mia, are you even listening?" Mia Thatcher was snapped to full attention, nearly falling out of her seat in the process as she whipped her head around and stared at the small group of people who were looking at her expectantly. Her wide blue eyes met the inquiring gazes of Cindy Jones, Mary Willows, and other girls from her neighborhood that went to the local secondary school together. They were all settled in casual afternoon wear, the majority of it being designer t-shirts with jean shorts, or tank tops with frilly skirts, due to the extreme heat that Little Whinging was currently experiencing. This particular day was the hottest out of the whole summer, with temperatures reaching to about ninety-seven degrees, bringing along a sweltering thick cloud that settled over the area. Mia herself was wearing a pair of shorts, simple tennis shoes, a mint green t-shirt and a thin, almost silk-like jacket she had bought in the beginning of summer. She was currently a guest in Cindy's house, where her hostess was holding a gathering between all her friends, which were most of the girls in the neighborhood, and Mia was starting to wish she hadn't accepted Cindy's invitation to come over. It wasn't that she didn't like Cindy, not at all. They had been good friends when they were little, and Mia first came to Little Whinging, but as the years passed, the two girls just grew further apart, and their interests, as well as their own personal experiences, were so vastly different now. Mia had not really spent much time with anyone her age in her neighborhood since she was eleven or twelve, when she started going to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There, she had made her true and most treasured friends, ones that she knew would always stick by her, and vice versa. Cindy was nice enough, but their relationship, whatever it was, never had the chance to fully blossom, especially after Mia had met her dearest friend, Harry… Feeling her chest clench a bit, Mia shook her head and gave an apologetic smile to the girls, shifting her position away from the window, where she had been gazing out into the street below, curled up on the ledge, just staring out into the sunset. Cindy's room was a brilliant shade of red, with all kinds of fashionable clothes strung about, department store jewelry on her nightstand, her desk cluttered with new C.D's, and a flower patterned bed set with matching fold out chairs around her desk, where some of the girls were sitting, painting their nails and flipping through teen magazines. "I'm sorry guys," she said as she adjusted herself. "What were you saying?" "We were just asking what your school is like," asked a petite blonde girl named Lucy said from her place at the end of Cindy's bed. "The one that you go to during the year. Is it nice there? You never told us the name of it." "It's nothing too special, to be honest," Mia replied with a shrug of her shoulders. "It has a nice wide open space, but it's just like every other school, really. Same classes, same people, the usual." "Oh come on Mia, there has to be more than that!" Mary urged, reaching forward to rest her elbows on the mattress. "Are there any cute guys there?" "Are they athletes?" asked a redhead. "Do you fancy any of them?" Cindy put in. "Well, there are a lot of good looking guys there, I guess, and yes, there are athletes," Mia responded, doing her best to keep her answers to their questions as vague as possible. "And no, none of them have really caught my eye." "I really wish my parents would send me to a boarding school," Lucy sighed. "Sometimes I just can't stand Stonewall High, yours must be so exciting." "Not lately," Mia mumbled under her breath. "But I find it hard to believe that there's no one you like, Mia," Mia stated. "Of course not, not when there someone else catching her attention," Cindy said with a smile. "What?" said Mia. "Oh stop playing dumb Mia, everyone here knows you like Harry Potter!" "What?" gasped half of the girls in the room, their eyes going wide with shock. "Well, some of us, anyway," Cindy corrected. "You like Harry Potter?" Mary demanded. "But he's a criminal! He goes to that special school for boys like him!" Lucy gawked. "He is not a criminal," Mia said firmly, her eyebrows furrowing. "He's anything but." "But why would his aunt and uncle send him there if he wasn't dangerous?" the redhead asked. "Even Dudley says so, he's violent and unpredictable." "The only thing that comes out of Dudley Dursley's mouth is nasty dung and lies," Mia stated, swinging her legs around so they were planted on the floor, a frown on her face. "And I don't like Harry, not in that way—we're just friends." "You two seem awfully close for people who are just friends," Mary pointed out with a smirk. "Even your cheeks are a bit red." "No they're not," Mia argued, even though she could feel the pinch in her skin. "He's my best friend, and that's it, nothing more." "Then where has he been lately? Why haven't you two been hanging out with each other?" Cindy said, placing her magazine down in her lap. "He's—he's been busy." "Not lately," Mary countered, shaking her head. "I've seen him a lot recently, just wandering around the streets, it's weird. Did you guys have a fight?" "No," Mia replied softly. "Not really, the end of last term was a little tough for us, that's all." "I thought you two went to separate schools, though?" Mary asked. "We do, we just send letters to each other all the time," Mia answered. "I really don't get how you can stay friends with someone like that Mia, much less like them," Cindy said to her. It wasn't in a mean way exactly, Mia could tell that Cindy was just voicing her thoughts, more cautious than the others have. "He's a bit of a loner, I think the only friend he's ever had was you. People who isolate themselves like that…well, it can cause some disturbing behavior." "The only reason Harry never had friends was because of Dudley and his thugs, you know that," Mia said. "I was the only one who stood up for him." "And that's great and all Mia, but you have to admit, there's something not right about him," Mary put in. "So what if he's a little strange? As far as I'm concerned we're all a bit strange in some way," Mia said. "Look Harry has had it tough, more than most people would ever understand, and it doesn't help that rumors and gossip spreads around about him, especially when he can't even defend himself." We know how much you care for him Mia, we're not saying that's a bad thing," Cindy said. "But if you care so much, then why has he been ignoring you?" Mia fell silent at that, locking her jaw tight as her fingers curled on her knees. She knew the answer to this question, but how can she possibly hope to explain it to these girls without completely giving away the life that she lived? The life that she lived in a world that, to them, was nothing but fairytales? Mia wanted nothing more than to confide in someone her sorrows, worry and frustration, but the one person she could always do that with hasn't looked her properly in the eye for weeks now. Taking a deep breath, Mia sighed as her fingers loosened on her knees and she stood to her feet. "I should probably go," she muttered. "You don't have to go, Mia," Cindy objected, guilt creeping into her expression. "We didn't mean to make you upset—" "It's fine, Cindy," Mia assured her with a tiny smile. "I'm the one who's ruining your fun here. There's just a lot on my mind right now, and I don't want to be the kill-joy of the party. I really appreciate you inviting me over, I did have a good time. I'll see you guys around, okay?" Despite their pleads for her to stay, Mia insisted that she take her leave, suddenly feeling very compressed in the spacious bedroom. She gave both Cindy and Mary brisk hugs and waved to the others as she made her way out of the room, down the stairs and through the front door, out into the quickly settling night. Once she stepped out of the loving embrace of the air conditioned house, Mia was instantly struck down with the blazing heat that was drifting through Little Whinging, even though the sun was almost through with its decent over the hills. She could feel the irritation and sweat start to form by the nape of her neck, but she ignored it as she started walking down the street, stuffing her hands into the pockets of her jacket. She knew it was too hot even for the silk-like material, but it was the only way she could go out with her wand, which was safely tucked away in the waistline of her shorts, underneath her t-shirt, the outline of it hidden by the jacket. After everything that had happened last month, there was no way she was setting foot out of her house without some form of protection. As she walked, Mia's mind became abuzz as she thought about all the things that have happened since her return home to Privet Drive, as well as the party she had just walked out on. Yes, she and Cindy no longer had things in common, and they lived such different lives it was hard to see a close friendship starting, especially in these times. Although, Mia wasn't sure she wanted to start a close friendship anyway. The only reason she accepted Cindy's invitation in the first place was because she was feeling down and—to be honest—lonely. As much as she didn't want to admit it, Cindy and the other girls were right…Harry has been ignoring her. Ever since the start of the summer holidays, it was as if a dark shadow had settled over Harry, and it was with good reason too. A good friend and fellow schoolmate was murdered right before his very eyes, and then he was forced to duel the man who orchestrated all of it. On top of that he had to deal with the jeers and mockery of Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters, helpless and alone in a terrifying situation. What really set Mia on edge was how Voldemort