Title: Flame of the West Author: Khylea Rating: G Characters: Elrond and the twins in the current time frame, Arwen and Aragorn as a child in a flashback Archive: Feel free, just drop me a URL where I can visit it please. I do not own Lord of the Rings. That belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien. I make no money from this writing. Pffft. Like my writing is good enough to make money. Feedback: Would be delightful. Good or bad, though flames will be used to power the Balrog I will send after you for attacking me. Manon. hugs You're the best! Summary: The time has come to reforge the Sword of Kings. Elrond reflects upon the passage of time. Author's Notes: In order to make this story work, I had to take a few liberties with canon. Big surprise there...LOL...Though in the books, Arwen and Aragorn first met when he was twenty and saw her in the gardens, immediately falling in love with her, I needed to have her there sooner. So to attempt to not stray TOO far from canon, maybe she did visit Rivendell when Aragorn was just young and then didn't again until he was grown up. So when he saw her, he didn't really remember her. Or something. The elven smiths who re-forge Narsil into And>úril were never specifically identified, so I wrote them as being the twins just because I thought the twins should have been in the movie. And who else would Elrond trust with such an important family heirloom right? Okay, so maybe that argument doesn't hold water, but regardless...I made them the ones re-forging the sword because I thought they should have been in the movie and that was the most logical place to put them. So there. Deal with it. It never specifically says if the twins sail or not. It only says that Celeborn joined them in Imladris "for a time". But I believe they would understand how much grief their father went through losing Celebrían, Arwen, and Aragorn, and wouldn't add to his pain by staying behind indefinitely. And also, they killed orcs for many years, avenging Celebrían's injuries. Doesn't make sense to me that they'd never want to see her again. But neither do I think that they would sail at the same time he did, abandoning their sister and adopted brother. I tend to think that they would have stayed at least for a few years, helping Aragorn learn how to be a good king, and most likely would have stayed until both Aragorn and Arwen died. After Aragorn died, Arwen returned to Lórien and died there the next winter. I also don't think the twins would have abandoned their sister when she was grieving for her husband, and since it doesn't specifically say she was alone, I think they went with her and buried her after she died, then returned to Rivendell, collected Celeborn, and sailed to the Undying Lands. That's how I think it was anyway. If you don't fine. But don't expect to like this story much if you don't. Hehe. Okay, shutting up now before the author's note gets longer than the story. LOL All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost; the old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost. From the ashes a fire shall be woken, a light from the shadows shall spring; renewed shall be blade that was broken, the crownless again shall be king. "It is time...re-forge the sword..." Arwen's words echoed through his mind as Elrond wandered the deserted hallways of Imladris, deep in thought. Time...time for Aragorn to take his place as King of Men, time for Elrond to let him go, to give up his responsibilities as the boy's...no, Elrond corrected himself...the man's adopted father. Time had never seemed to pass so quickly in all the years of Elrond's long life. How had he grown into a man so quickly? It seemed as if just yesterday he had been teaching young Estel to read, had been helping Glorfindel to teach him horseback riding and sword fighting, had dried his tears when his brothers had inadvertently hurt his feelings from one of the endless pranks they had so loved to play on the young human. He briefly paused in his wandering, stopping to smile fondly at a family portrait he had commissioned when Aragorn was just young. He vividly remembered how frightened and alone the young human had felt; his birth father slain by Orcs, his mother abandoning him when the stress of becoming a young widow was too much for her to bear. He remembered how Aragorn seemed to become aware at a very young age how different he was from his father and adopted brothers and sister. Though his nightmares faded over the years, he could never escape the knowledge that he was not elven, and would never be. He would become sick, he would grow old, and he would die. But more than those thoughts, as growing old and dying are the furthest things from a young boy's mind, he saw how the others were different, and in his mind better than him. He was always slower, weaker, easier to tire, his archery less accurate. His lessons always took him longer to learn and were more difficult to retain. As the years passed, he grew more and more withdrawn, feeling as if he was not really wanted. Though on the outside he appeared to be a cheerful, happy little boy, inside he wondered when it would happen. When Elrond would cast him out, would leave him as his mother and father had left him. Elrond suspected something was wrong, but in a rare lack of insight, attributed it to the boy missing his family, missing being with his own people. It was not until he caught Aragorn one day looking at a painting in the Hall of Fire that he realized. The painting had been done shortly after Arwen's birth and showed Elrond and Celebrían sitting side by side on a lounging chair, smiling and holding the baby, the twins kneeling on the floor at either side of their parents, each of them with a hand on the blanket the baby was wrapped in. Puzzled, Elrond had watched the young boy for a long time before realizing that Aragorn was quietly crying. Though he knew Aragorn was likely to be embarrassed by being caught looking weak, Elrond's fatherly instincts won out over his caution and he approached, kneeling down next to the boy and brushing his tears away. "Do you miss your family, Estel?" he asked softly, stroking Aragorn's tangled brown hair. He nodded, sniffling. "A little, my lord." Elrond nodded and wrapped a comforting arm around the boy's slim shoulders. "They loved you very much, Estel." "Then why did mama leave?" Elrond sighed. The boy had never asked these questions before and though he knew sooner or later he would have to answer them, he wasn't sure exactly what to say. "Your mother was afraid, Estel. She was barely an adult herself when your father was killed. Suddenly she was alone, with a young son to raise. She did not think she could take care of you properly." "But why here? Why not with other humans?" "Your father and I had been friends for a long time. She knew I would look after you, but did not know other humans who would have." He neglected to mention the main reason Gilraen had brought the young heir to Imladris; how he would have to be carefully sheltered and protected, his identity kept secret from Sauron and his minions. "Lord Elrond?" Elrond inwardly flinched at the use of his title. He had hoped that the boy would begin calling him father as he grew more comfortable with his new elven family, but it had not happened. He had not wanted to insist, refusing to try to replace Arathorn in the boy's life, but wondered now if he should have. Something told him the tears were not just from missing his own parents. Did the boy not feel a part of the family? Suddenly he realized. There were many portraits of Elrond's family, both of his forebears and his descendants, but none of Aragorn, and especially none of Aragorn with his adopted father and siblings. Elrond inwardly swore at himself. No wonder the boy felt left out. How could he have been so blind? "Yes, Estel?" "May I go now? Glorfindel has asked to see me for another riding lesson." "Of course." With a slight bow, Aragorn turned and slowly walked away, his shoulders hunched, reaching a hand up to wipe away fresh tears. "Estel?" He stopped and turned. "Yes, my lord?" Elrond held out a hand, motioning him closer, frowning as the boy shuffled his feet, keeping his eyes downcast as if he expected to be scolded for something. "Do you like that picture?" he asked, indicating the portrait on the wall. Aragorn nodded. "It is pretty." "Yes it is, but it was painted a long time ago. Do you think perhaps we should do a new one?" The boy looked confused. "But why? It is a picture of your family." "No, it is a picture of how my family used to be. Celebrían no longer lives with us, and Arwen is no longer an elfling. And we are missing someone. Someone very important and very special." "Missing someone?" His eyebrows drew together as he contemplated. "Who? Who is missing?" "You are, Estel..." Elrond paused, unsure how the boy would take the next words he wished to speak, but deciding to take the chance. "...my son..." Aragorn's already large eyes widened further at the word. "Son? You...but...I am not..." he stuttered, his cheeks flaming in embarrassment. Elrond pulled him closer, gently stroking his cheek. "Yes you are, Estel. You are my son, just as Elladan and Elrohir are." Taking a deep breath, he plunged ahead, throwing all caution to the wind and deciding it was time to tell him. Making the boy understand that he was part of the family was suddenly far more important than to avoid looking like he was trying to replace Arathorn. "I love you no less because you are not elven." He smiled reassuringly. "I did not take you in because I owed you a favor, as I have heard some of the others whisper, thinking you cannot hear, not taking into account your sharp ears." He gently caressed Aragorn's very round, very non-elven ear. "I took you in because I wanted another son, and because I loved you from the first moment I saw you..." He was now caressing the boy's cheek. "From the first moment I saw you, my beautiful Estel..." he whispered. With a loud sob, the boy launched himself into Elrond's arms. "I love you too, Lord Elrond." "Estel...please...will you not call me ada? As your brothers and sister do?" Aragorn pulled away slightly so he could look into Elrond's eyes. "You want me to..." "Yes I do, Estel. I would never try to take the place of your father. There will always be a special place in your heart for him, as there should be. But now that he is no longer able to care for you, I have come to love you, just like he did. I would love to hear you call me father." "I...I would like that," he said softly, sniffling and scrubbing the back of his hand across his eyes to wipe away the tears. Then with a small smile, he took Elrond's hand. "Ada." Elrond blinked back tears, afraid his heart might melt, and before he knew what he was doing, was pulling Aragorn into a tight embrace. "My son...I love you so." "Ada," Aragorn said softly. "I love you too, father. I thought you did not want me as your son, I thought that was