A/N: A few things to note: One, this story is completed. I will try to post one chapter a day. Two, this story is a thirteen way crossover, or, more accurately, a twelve way crossover that's also a Hunger Games fusion. This website doesn't have a good way to mark that, so I'll be changing the category with each chapter I post until I've gone through all of them. After that, I'll choose the category based on which fandom dominates the chapter. I don't know where I'll stick it at the end - if anyone has any suggestions when we get there, please let me know. Full fandom list is: Narnia, Anne of Green Gables, Squire's Tales, Indiana Jones, Gail Carson Levine, Rowan Hood, Rise of the Guardians, NCIS, Sisters Grimm, Despicable Me, Heir Chronicles, and Jane Austen. If you are unfamiliar with any of those and have questions, feel free to ask! 1. Do not take out tesserae. District Twelve Lucy was too young to have her name in many times, but despite everyone's objections, she had gotten tesserae. For Peter, who was too old for the Games, for Susan, who was so very nearly safe, and for Edmund, who had been perfectly dreadful for a month after Father died and who was determined to make up for it ever since. It didn't matter very much, she convinced herself. The odds were still in her favor, and it was not as if the others didn't do it. Besides, how could she let the others take on all the risk? How could they do without the food, when Peter worked so hard and ate so little, and with Susan still not quite recovered from that fever last winter? How could she let Edmund shiver in the cold fall breeze when if she signed up for tesserae, they could save enough on food to get another coat? Edmund had insisted she get one last winter; it was only fair. It didn't matter very much at all, she told herself firmly, and besides, she must be brave. She told Peter that very solemnly when he tried to argue, and she was deliberately cheerful as she signed up for the grain. She even got Caspian, there for his own grain, and Edmund to laugh, several times. Susan never did, but she did smile shyly at Caspian. It was a good thing, a very good thing, right up until Reaping Day, when "Lucy Pevinsie" got called. She walked on unsteady legs until Susan, breathless, her words scarcely audible, volunteered. Susan was as white as a sheet and barely breathing, but she walked with dignity to the stage, looking as beautiful and valiant as an old warrior queen from the stories. Lucy gasped in horror when Caspian was called up next. Susan didn't smile shyly now. She just looked straight ahead, hard as marble, not at all the gentle Susan who soothed them all to sleep. Lucy had been brave and taken all the risk she could, but she'd have taken it back in an instant if she'd known Susan would insist on paying the cost. (Of course, it was all well and good to say not to take out tesserae. The problem was, they'd have starved without it, and then what good would it do to say that at least they had not died in the Games?) 2. If a member of a victor's family dies and they begin acting differently, let them. They know what they're doing. District Eleven When Marilla and Mathew Cuthbert adopted Anne, and she started being able to go to school instead of working in the fields, she and Gilbert had both been in the third grade, and he had called her "Carrots." (He had meant it as a compliment because he was a hungry boy whose family could only barely afford to send him to school, and food of any description was treasure beyond price to him. He hadn't realized she despised the color of her hair.) When they were in fourth grade, he had given up trying to explain himself and started just tugging on her long braids instead. When they were in fifth grade, she finally snapped and broke her slate over her head. She would have been expelled for it, but she was a victor's (adopted) daughter, and Mathew was more than able to pay for it. (Gilbert realized he might have taken the braid thing a bit too far and tried to apologize. In hindsight, he probably should have waited a bit; the teacher had made her stand in front of the class and recite about how all class materials were precious gifts from a Capital that was benevolent but whose patience was not limitless with those who rebelled against its bounty. Her eyes had still been brilliant with unshed tears over the humiliation, and she had walked straight past him, face pale but head high.) When they were in sixth grade, Gilbert was pulled out of school, but he kept an eye out for Anne. She wandered the district with Diana Barry, the mayor's daughter, coming up with fairy stories for everything and seeing beauty in the most ordinary things. People liked to listen to her talk, and they liked that she was generous with her pocket money. (When he was sick and his parents couldn't afford medicine, a bottle of it appeared on his bedside table with a note that said "From a Beneficent Faerie who loathes Gilbert Blythe and does not want him to die before she can take proper vengeance on him for mocking her." Gilbert had laughed himself hoarse which had unfortunately devolved into a coughing fit.) When she was sixteen, almost seventeen, she was reaped. (After the little girl she'd allied with was killed, she fought her way through her Games like she was an avenging faerie from one of her stories. Her red hair had seemed like crimson fire, but Gilbert had paid more attention to the blood smeared over her teeth.) When she was seventeen, just a day past her birthday, she finished her last interview in the Capital and came home. She was just as fiery before and just as obsessed with stories, but she liked a different kind now. She still saw the beauty, but she also saw the blood, and her quick temper had turned to gunpowder, and her rages were as likely to end with blows as they were with sobs. (They danced around her, not knowing how to help, and Gilbert wasn't even sure he had a right to. She was his light, but he was nothing to her, not now, so he just let her rage at him when she needed to, and when she raged at the Capital instead, he nodded along, a slower anger building in his heart.) When she was two months past seventeen, Matthew died and Marilla grew ill. Anne sat by Marilla's side for a month until she finally began to recover. When they both emerged back into the world, Marilla's face was blank, and Anne was as cool as an autumn wind blowing through the fields. She was polite and ladylike and spoke of faeries as sweet instead of bringers of blood. She gave according to a precise budget and treated everyone, former mortal enemy and bosom friend alike, with the same chill civility. (Gilbert pulled her aside and told her she could grieve however she wanted, but that if she needed someone to vent at, he was always there. She smiled like it was a mask she was putting on for a play and told him she was very sorry she'd made him put up with her all these years, and now she'd finally grown up and realized how childish she'd been. It hadn't been what he'd wanted, not at all, but at least she didn't seem to hate him anymore, so he dared to stop by the house to offer Marilla some wild roses he'd picked as a recovery present. Anne had thrown them out with a shriek of rage befitting a harpy before turning back to ice the moment they'd crashed through the window, vase and all. Something, Gilbert told Diana, was very, very wrong.) Diana and Gilbert had ganged together to visit Anne every opportunity they had, but she'd always indicated she didn't want them there. Right up until The Night. Gilbert always capitalized it in his mind because that's what Anne would have done if she'd been writing it as a story. Diana knew more about The Night then he did, but he knew enough to make his blood boil. Anne was better now, though. Some better. Although as Gilbert heard both his and Diana's names called, he knew better than to hope that would last. (No victor ever knows what they're doing. If someone dies, be there for them and don't let go, no matter what happens. Just be careful when you do.) 3. If you're over eighteen, don't make friends with people still eligible to be reaped. District 10 Morgause and Morgan lounged on the victors' chairs like they were opposing thrones. As mayor, Arthur should technically be sitting to one side of them, but he'd wisely planted himself between them. No one wanted a repeat of last year's incident. Guinevere was lovely as ever, Gawain supposed, but he couldn't bear to look at her. Not when she was about to draw the names. Gawain was twenty-one and safe. So was Agrivaine, even if it was only barely. Gareth and Gaheris, though . . . They won't be picked, he tried to convince himself. After all, the only reason victors' children were usually picked was to punish their parents for something, and Morgause had long since proven that she cared nothing for her children. When they were younger, Gawain had told his brothers that she was trying to protect them by acting so cold. Agrivaine and Gareth might even still believe it. Gaheris, though . . . Well, there was a reason Gawain hadn't called her 'mother' for years, and it had a great deal to do with her treatment of Gaheris. Terence caught his eye and smiled reassuringly from his place in the boys' pen. It'll be alright, he'd told him earlier, and somehow, from Terence, it was more than a platitude. He had the same look to him that Merlin'd had before he disappeared. "Ladies first," Guinevere said. Her quiet voice seemed almost gentle as it echoed in the square. She didn't belong here in her silk dresses done up in the latest fashions that wouldn't last a minute on the dung caked roads. She was too silly for Ten and too soft for the Games. "Connoire Noble." Gawain closed his eyes. Poor Kay. Arthur's face was solemn as he stood to welcome her to the stage. Guinevere rocked on her feet a little, chewing her lip, like she understood that the air had gotten just a little tenser at the pronouncement, but she moved on quickly. "Gaheris Orkney!" Her voice was determinedly bright. No. Not Gaheris, who could never learn to fight no matter how hard Gawain had tried to teach him. Not Gaheris, who he guiltily admitted was his favorite brother, seeing as he was the only one of them who had any sense. Not Gaheris. Not when Gawain was too old to do anything about it but grit his teeth and set his jaw. If he could only volunteer - But he couldn't. Neither could Agrivaine, not that he would have. That just left Gareth, who could actually win a fight when he put his mind to it. Not a lick of sense otherwise, but he was good in a fight. Gareth didn't move. Terence did. "I volunteer." The words were so calm, so matter of fact, anyone would have thought he'd been expecting this. Knowing Trevisant, his foster father, perhaps he had. It took a moment for Gaheris's stoic expression to