Chapter 1: Ivy woke to her Aunt Amy calling her for breakfast, she resisted the urge to drift off back to sleep, she had been having a very nice dream, the image of soaring castle towers, windows painted by candlelight and a moonlit lake dancing on the edges of her memory, as she strained to better picture her dream (Ivy covered rock walls, grand marvel stairs…) it faded completely and she sat up in bed. Early morning sunlight streamed through the bay windows, illuminating the hardwood floor and carpet, revealing dust particles dancing across the bookshelves. Ivy glanced at her clock and saw it was 8:30, she stood up and searched under the bed for her slippers, putting them on she walked out of her room and down the stairs, into the kitchen where Aunt Amy was cooking up a batch of pancakes. "Morning Aunt Amy!" Ivy said, making her way to pick up the stool by the wall and dragging it to the cabinets. "Morning darling, did you sleep well?" Aunt Amy said as she grabbed the plate piled with pancakes and another one with bacon and setting them on the table. Aunt Amy was a pretty lady, with long brown hair tied in a ponytail, fair skin and blue eyes like Ivy. She wore big glasses with black frames, people often said they looked alike, and Ivy could see the resemblance, the same deep blue eyes, skin and slight frame, but Ivy had waist long black hair that curled around mid-back, and she was very small, much shorter than a normal 10 year old. "Very well, I had a really nice dream, but I can't really remember it anymore, there was a castle in it though." Ivy said, grabbing the plates from the cabinets, getting two sets of knives and forks and setting them on the kitchen table, one set in front of the other, she turned back to get her glass. "Oh? That sounds like an interesting dream, did you stay up late reading fairy tales again?" Aunt Amy said, setting the food on the table and turning to get the carton of milk and her cup of coffee from the kitchen counter. "Nope, just some of dad's old books," Ivy said, sitting down as her aunt set the milk in front of her, helping herself to two pancakes and slathering them in maple syrup. She heard her aunt's sound of disgust at the sheer amount of syrup she poured and grinned, digging in with gusto. "I swear you'll end up with rotten teeth with all the sugar you consume, it's amazing really." Aunt Amy said, pouring a much more modest amount of syrup on her own plate. "Which book were you devouring now? I would've thought you'd have finished all of them by now." She said, taking a sip of her coffee. "I purposely left this one until now, it's Hogwarts: A History , I didn't want to get excited way before I'm supposed to go. Aunt Amy, it's amazing! All the history and interesting facts, like a dream, I almost can't believe a place like that exists! And I get to go! Ohh I can't wait for my letter!" Ivy said all this very rapidly, for once ignoring the food in front of her to gush about her favorite thing: Hogwarts. She'd been enchanted with the place ever since her uncle first told her about it. And she was due to go there starting September. "Haha I see, well you'll just have to be patient, not much longer now, why don't you finish your breakfast, get changed and go water the garden so you don't end up skulking around the door, you're already scaring the mailman." Aunt Amy said, smiling lightly at her niece's enthusiasm, the girl was always so quiet, but mention Hogwarts or magic and she'd be talking your ear off. "Alright!" Ivy said, finishing up the rest of her pancakes, serving herself a nice portion of bacon and pouring her usual glass of milk, trying to pace herself, if she got too excited she was bound to make a mess. Eating the last piece of bacon and grabbing her glass of milk, being careful not to swallow too fast, she'd been sick last time she did that, she reached for the carton for more when Aunt Amy interrupted her. "No, you can't have more than one glass per meal, I know you want to grow taller but getting yourself sick again isn't going to help, go on up and get dressed." Aunt Amy scolded, taking the carton out of Ivy's reach and ignoring her niece's pout. "And brush your teeth very well, before they fall out!" Aunt Amy called as Ivy walked up the stairs. Ivy went up to her room and into the adjoining bathroom, teeth brushed she went to her closet and picked out a pair of jean shorts and a yellow t-shirt, grabbing her white sneakers she hurried down the stairs, back into the kitchen and out the back door into the backyard. Walking across the neatly trimmed grass to the small shed in the back corner of the yard, she grabbed her water can and filled it up with the tap on wall. She began with the sunflowers that lined the entirety of the fence, walking slowly so as to water them all evenly. Ten minutes and several trips back to the water tap later, Ivy began on the cherry zinnias that lined the stone path from the backdoor to the oak tree that sat in the center of the garden, a white wooden swing tied to a branch and a hammock strung on its white stand on one side and white wrought iron furniture on its other side, a table and 4 chairs. As she watered, Ivy inspected some of the fuller bushes, she wanted to replace the flowers in the living room and give some to her aunt to take to the bookstore. Lastly she watered the purple petunias that were planted in the window sills. Taking one last look around, making sure she didn't miss any flower, Ivy went back to the shed, putting back the watering can and grabbing a small pair of gardening gloves, the large scissors and a small plastic bucket. She went back to the cherry zinnias and began cutting some, until her bucket was full, she then went into the house, bucket in hand. She entered the living room and spotting the vase on the coffee table and grabbed it, back into the kitchen where she took out the half wilted flowers already there, replaced the water and put in the freshly cut zinnias. When she finished she put all the gardening tools back in the shed, grabbed the remaining zinnias and walked into the living room, putting back the vase. Ivy walked to the hall and into the library, where her aunt sat in her desk going through some papers. The library was the biggest room in the house, it was lined with books, from floor to ceiling, only the far wall was bare of books, it had a fireplace, the mantle filled with picture frames; of Aunt Amy and Ivy on her first day of school, in front of the bookstore Aunt Amy owned, Ivy, Aunt Amy and Uncle Richard in a park, Ivy's deceased grandparents and (Ivy's favorite) baby Ivy cradled in her mother's arms, her father looking proud with his arms around her mother's waist. There was a big comfy red sofa by the window, Ivy's favorite spot in the room. Ivy placed the zinnias in the empty vase in her aunt's desk and went to sit in the sofa, "All done with the garden, Aunt Amy, did the mail get here?" She said eager to see if her letter was here yet, sitting on her hands to avoid fidgeting too much. "Hmm, you cleaned everything up?" Aunt Amy said, still not looking up from her papers, glasses on the tip of her nose. "Yes, did the mail get here?" "And made sure you didn't drop any flowers?" "Yes! Is the mail here?" "And put everything in its place?" "Yes! Aunt Amy!" Ivy whined, tired of her aunt dodging the subject. "Alright, alright" Aunt Amy said, chuckling, she finally looked up at Ivy and took out a thick yellowish envelope from one of the drawers. "Is this what you're so desperate to get your hands on?" Ivy squealed and jumped off the couch, nearly pouncing on her aunt to get her hands on the letter. The envelope was thick and heavy, made of parchment and the address was written in emerald-green ink. Ms. I. Walker Second Bedroom 5 Magnolia Drive Little Whinging Surrey There was no stamp, turning it over, Ivy saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letter H. The coat of arms was just like the one in the book; the Hogwarts 'H' surrounded by the representative animals of each house. Ivy was grinning ear-to-ear. Opening it carefully she took out the first letter inside: HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Ms. Walker, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours Sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Ivy couldn't believe it, it was actually here! She gave the letter to her aunt to read and moved on the next piece of parchment in the envelope, it was a list of the things she's need: HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY UNIFORM First-year female students will require: Three plain button-up blouses (white) Three plain pleated knee-length skirts (charcoal) Three pairs of plain socks (black or charcoal or white) Three sets of plain work robes (black) Three sets of plain stripped ties (white and gray) Two pairs of plain close-toed flat shoes (black) One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or other) One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings) Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginners' Guide to Transfiguration by Emetic Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT Wand Cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) Glass or crystal phials set Telescope set Brass scales Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS "When do you think Uncle Richard can take me to get all this? Can you call him soon? Please?" Ivy said, turning to her aunt who was looking at her in amusement. "I've already called Richard, he says his next day off is Monday and he'll take you up to London then." Aunt Amy said, taking the list from Ivy, she looked over the impressive list and was glad that Ivy's parents had left her money to get her through school, it wasn't like she couldn't afford it, but it was still an impressive sum of money. Ivy grinned from ear to ear and taking the letter from her aunt hurried up to her room. Taking an old leather-bound book, entitled Hogwarts: A History in gold lettering, Ivy went to sit on the bay window, filled with pillows and a blue knitted blanket, she began reading, she would sit there