"Shades of Grey" Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Author's Note: This is AU after OoTP. Warning! This story contains slash and a relationship between three people. There is nothing explicit in the story, because it's against the site rules and I don't think it would fit in the story. If slash or a triad offends you, please back out and find a different story to read. Also, this is a manipulative Dumbledore story, not evil but just manipulative . 'Blah' means thoughts /Blah/ means Parseltongue Blah means telepathy %%% Harry sat by his window at Privet Drive, anxiously awaiting the return of his familiar, Hedwig. He had sent Hedwig off with three letters, all of which contained the results of his NEWTS. One letter went to the Weasleys, one went to Hermione, and the last one went to Severus Snape. It was hard for Harry to believe that he had fallen in love with his Potions Master and had been in a relationship with him for a year and a half. They had been very careful while Harry had still been in school. Severus had assigned Harry detentions that were just a facade. He wanted to spend time with the younger man, nothing sexual, but just hugs and chaste kisses. The summer after his sixth year Harry had been picked up by Severus on his seventeenth birthday and had spent time with his lover at Spinner's End. It was at that time that Harry learned the truth about Dumbledore, the war, everything. Harry remembered the conversation like it was yesterday. %%% FLASHBACK BEGINS "Harry, now that you are of age, there are things you must know." Noticing that he had his attention, he continued, "The prophecy you heard at the end of your fifth-year was faked. However, there is a prophecy concerning yourself, the Dark Lord, and one other. Dumbledore has heard the true prophecy. He purposely had Trelawney make up another prophecy and had the other one kept under wraps. This false prophecy is the reason for the war. Dumbledore is the one who has spread the rumors of the Dark Lord's evil. In truth, only being separated from his mates has driven him insane." "Mates?" "Yes. The true prophecy proclaims two mates for the Heir of Slytherin; one Parselmouth and one Master of Potions." Severus paused, allowing Harry to absorb this information. Harry's mouth fell open. "You and I are Voldemort's mates?" "If you like, I can take you to the Department of Mysteries so you can listen to it." "I trust you, Severus. It's just hard to believe." "The Headmaster is a master manipulator. You're not the only one who fell for his grandfatherly routine." "What about Voldemort's use of the Dark Arts?" "Being able to use the Dark Arts doesn't make you evil; just like being in Slytherin doesn't make you evil. It all comes down to intent and affinity. You could kill someone with A Wingardium Leviosa and it's taught at Hogwarts. As for affinity, some people find it easier to cast light spells than dark spells and vice versa. Since the Dark Lord (even in his youth) found he had an affinity for the Dark Arts, he had inadvertently set himself up to be the next Dark Lord, but it's not everything you've heard. If Dumbledore had not publicly declared him a Dark Lord, neither the war that claimed your parents' lives nor the one that is on the horizon would happen." "So Voldemort is not evil, but he's not good either?" "The world isn't split into black and white. There are all shades of grey. Remember that." %%% FLASHBACK ENDS It sounded impossible, but Severus wouldn't lie to him. Tap. Tap. Hedwig was back, and she had a letter! Harry opened the window, allowing his feathered familiar to come in. She flew in, landed on her master's desk, and stuck her leg out, offering the letter to Harry. He untied it and discovered it was from Severus. It read: Harry, I will be coming to take you away from your relatives shortly. Have all your things collected and ready within the hour. Severus P.S. Please be dressed in robes. Harry grinned at the post script. Ever since Severus learned that Harry wore his cousin's hand-me-downs because he had no other muggle clothes, the Potions Master insisted that his lover dress in robes when they were together. Harry reread the letter, smile gracing his face. He was glad Severus was taking him away from the Dursleys. That was one reason he fell in love with Severus. He didn't believe all muggles were harmless. In fact, he knew firsthand how awful some of them could be. He had been abused by his muggle father, whereas Harry had been neglected at first and abused later on by his relatives. He had first realized they had similar childhoods during the Occlumency lessons in his fifth year. At first, he was scared of Severus but had respect for the man who had saved his life numerous times. At the end of his fifth year, Sirius had died, and Harry was sent back to the Dursleys with no idea of whether or not he would be leaving early. Alone and not wanting to think about Sirius, his thoughts turned to Severus and what he recently learned about him. Without knowing why, he started penning a letter to the man, explaining what he had gone through with the Dursleys (not in graphic details) and expressing interest in getting to know the man better and calling a truce ( in regards to the animosity between them). He quickly sent it off before he decided not to send it. He did not expect a reply, so when Hedwig came back with a letter, Harry was in shock. That was the beginning of the friendship between them and through their letters, they found they actually shared very similar views on many topics. Harry had also discovered that Severus had a sense of humor hidden under his sarcasm, and Severus discovered Harry had wit and was more mature than even some men Severus's age. When Harry returned to Hogwarts for his sixth year, Potions was more bearable. That's not to say Severus was any easier on him, but Harry knew the comments didn't have any real bite to them. It was during the Christmas holiday that their friendship took a turn. Harry was the only Gryffindor to stay at school, so Severus asked if Harry wanted to spend Christmas with him. Glad to have a friend during the holidays, Harry agreed. One night, Harry dreamt about Sirius falling through the Veil again and called out to Sirius in his his dream. Severus had heard Harry's shout and went to check on him. He was slightly surprised to see the teen asleep with tears streaming down his face. Severus had little difficulty waking up Harry. Shaken by his dream, Harry wrapped his arms around Severus and buried his face in the older man's night shirt. Severus rubbed his back, effectively calming the boy down. Once Harry calmed down enough, he withdrew from Severus reluctantly and said, "Thank you." "Go back to sleep, Harry." "Will you stay with me? Please?" Looking into Harry's green eyes, Severus could almost see Lily pleading with him. He couldn't say no after that. Severus nodded and climbed in next to Harry, who fell asleep easily. Severus followed suit. The next morning, Harry apologized to Severus. "I'm sorry." "For what?" "Last night. I just needed a little comfort, and I feel safe with you. I liken being with you. I-I love you, Severus." took a breath before continuing. "I know teacher-student relationships are frowned upon, but if we're careful we should be okay." Noticing his friend (lover?) was still silent, Harry added, "Severus, please say something." "You love me? Merlin's beard! I thought I was being a perverted old man for having a crush on a student who is young enough to be my son." Severus held his arms open to Harry. "Come here, Harry." Harry walked over to Severus, who wrapped his arms around him. "I love you, too, Harry." Harry hugged Severus back. "I think you're going to end up receiving more detentions for the rest of this year and all of next year too." Harry smiled at his lover, and Severus bent his head, giving Harry a sweet kiss. An apparation pop caught Harry's attention. His lover had just apparated into the room right next to him. Severus wrapped his arms around his young lover. "I missed you, my Harry." "I missed you, Sev." "Are you ready to leave and never come back?" "Have been for awhile. Spinner's End, my love?" "Of course." Harry shrunk his trunk and Hedwig's empty cage, pocketed them, and blew a kiss at the Gothic-looking older man. "See you there." Harry apparated to his new home with his lover not far behind and Hedwig flying there as well. "So, Sev, when are we going to go see Voldemort? Does he even know His...mates are alive?" "We will see Him when He calls. Rumor is it'll be this afternoon. As for your second question, I don't know whether or not He knows we're alive." %%% LATE AFTERNOON, RIDDLE MANOR Severus stood in the circle of Voldemort's followers, decked out in full Death Eater attire. Harry stood next to him, cloaked in a black robe with its hood pulled up over his head, shielding his face from view. Severus sighed inaudibly. It was a routine meeting. The Dark Lord was asking for updates. Lucius was up first, talking about how firm their hold on the Minister was; Fenrir Greyback growled about how well his communication with the other werewolves went; and after Yaxley's update about how firmly entrenched they were in the Ministry, Voldemort looked right at Severus. "Severus, who is your new friend?" "He is a gift to you, my Lord, but only for your eyes." "Very well. Stay behind after the meeting, and I'll see if this gift will save you from the Cruciatus Curse." "Yes, my Lord." After two pointless updates from Rodolphus and Rabastan Lestrange and a couple rounds of Cruciatus to go along with those updates, the meeting ended. The rest of the Death Eaters left Riddle Manor, making Severus and Harry nervous. "Let it to me, love," Severus whispered. Voldemort leveled his scarlet gaze on Severus and the mystery person next to him. "Who is the gift, then?" "Before he reveals his identity, I have news for you, my Lord." "News and a gift? You are full of surprises, Severus." "Thank you, my Lord. I have heard another prophecy. It concerns you and your mates." Voldemort's eyes flashed. "They are none of your concern. My mates are dead." /We aren't dead/ Harry said Parseltongue. /Sev and I are right here!/ /How do you speak Parseltongue?/ Voldemort inquired. /I've always been able to./ "Love, please stop. You know what you speaking that language does to me," Severus panted. He took a couple of deep breaths, and he and Harry (who was still cloaked) stepped closer until they were standing beside Voldemort, one on each side. "If you don't believe us, my Lord, let us show you." Both Harry and Severus placed both of their hands on Voldemort's arms. He let out an uncharacteristic gasp. If he wasn't sitting down, he would've fallen due to his knees buckling. There was a green glow to his right, and a red glow to his left. In his mind, the insanity (most of it) disappeared and presence of his mates. He could also feel the bonds connecting him to the two men standing at hid sides. Outwardly, his features also changed. Gone was the bald, white-faced, reptilian-featured Dark Lord, and in his place was the black-haired charismatic Tom Riddle, though his eyes were still red. Severus and Harry stared at their mate as he took on the appearance of an older Tom Riddle.