Apologizing doesn't always mean you're wrong and the other person is right. It means you value your relationship more than your ego. First Year Adhara sighed as she stared at her young sibling. He hasn't spoken for the last two days. More with Sirus since her older twin has been the most excited about leaving their home. She knows what this was about. He felt betrayed that the brother that he looks up to rather leave—and happy about it—didn't show any remorse about with missing his younger brother. Adhara on the other hand? She felt the complete utter opposite of her her twin brother. She was not bouncing on her toes or shaking with excitement. She was more shaking with reluctance at stepping on that bloody red train. Her mother might have been oblivious of her only daughter's emotions. But Orion Black? He knew more about his children than he lets on. He stroked his beard as he peered down at his daughter. She was every bit of him—even with her blood line being one-hundred percent Black with her mother being one. While both of his son's appearance had the famous thick and dark hair with fair skin and gray eyes; Adhara gained more of her father's genes: easily freckled skin, tans easily in the sunlight with dark unruly curls and playful manners (Sirius gained that one as well). So it was pretty easy that his daughter has him wrapped around her little finger. Which made it easy for him to give into her wanting a half-Kneazle for a familiar. He watched as her demeanor changed everytime Sirius would look at her with bright eyes rambling about Hogwarts. She would put on a different persona and laugh and smile easily fooling her brother. Orion didn't know what to say about the dynamic of the two as Sirius wrapped an arm around her pulling her into a side-hug. Was Sirius wrapped around her finger or the other way around? Orion hoped for the first one. Made things a bit safer and easier for the parents. He watched as Adhara wrung her hands and bit her bottom lips. Orion was nervous for his little bird. She is a quiet one like himself. Yet all that made her a good person made her weak . Not his words but his wife's. Orion knew that the traits that made her 'weak' would seal the deal on what house she could be sorted into. But he will not jinx himself on this. Maybe the sorting hat could dig deeper into her too opened mind and find at least one trait to sort her into the right house. "Father," Orion snapped out of his thoughts. He smiled at her. The only parent to show his emotions openly and sincerely. "Yes, darling?" he rested his hand on her head, running them through her now straightened hair. The spell meaning to last for the whole day to tame her 'wild' hair (says Walburga). "Y-y-y-you'll write everyday, right?" she jutted out her lower lip. It was easy to tell who is her favorite parent. "I'll make sure you'll loathe seeing my owl everyday," he teased. "But I should be asking you that. With all the friends you'll make, you'll forget about little ole' me." "And if I don't make any friends?" her voice cracked. "You're making friends," Sirius said at the same time as Walburga growled, "They'll be lucky to be friends with a Black." Orion didn't miss the eye roll with the twins at her statement. Adhara trailed behind Sirius as he leads her to an empty compartment. He didn't falter or made himself smaller like she did when other eyed them. Maybe it was because they were holding hands. Or the air of pureblooded nobility? Or how they dressed? "Found one," he said over his shoulder. "Room for two?" "Uh…sorry, there's only room for one more," she heard a boy said. Adhara noticed her brother's shoulders dropped at the reply. She didn't want to cause him making friends because of her trailing along. She slipped her hand from his which did not go unnoticed. "I can easily find another compartment for me," she whispered to him. She sighed when he gave her his famous kicked puppy look like she is abandoning him. "You don't need your little sister tagging along." "I don't care if you are," he insisted. "You sit with them and I'll see you later," she said and turned around. "Um…are these seats were taken?" Adhara finally found a compartment that had free seats. But she didn't realize it was full of boys until after she asked. She was ready to scurry off before one of the boys—a lanky redhead—grabbed her by the arm. Obviously half-blood or muggle-born, she thought since no Pure-blood would grab someone so aggressively like this—esspecially a female. But then again, he's male and young and Regulus does this time and time again with their cousins. "Yeah, come on in," he said nervously as he caught a good look at the first-year. He never let go until he led her to the seat in front of him next to…his twin? Her eyes went wide and they caught the look. The redhead beside her laughed at her expression along with the other boy, a sandy-haired boy who looked about one year older than her. "I'm Fabian," said the one across from her. "And that's Gideon." "I'm Frank," the other one said. "We're all second years," Fabian and Gideon said. "Adhara," she said to them. "A-and this is Rigel." "That's bloody amazing," said Fabian as he got onto his knees and peering at the cat closely which was on her lap. Adhara blushed at the close proximity. "I always wanted one but Mum thinks that I can't take care of them. I bloody love animals." "Said the bloke who experimented on some gnomes this summer," said Gideon. "I said animals not annoying gnomes in our garden," Fabian corrected him. "Can I pet him," he asked her. "Um, sure. Do it slowly. He doesn't do well with strangers," she warned them. Fabian nodded with a look of determination making her smile a bit. "Here we go," he said to himself. Rigel watched him closely as Fabian's hand made its way slowly to his head. As he slowly, glided his hands over his back, Rigel purred with contentment. "He likes you," she smiles. "Is he the only one?" he asked her with a small smirk as his blue eyes looked up at her. Adhara's eyes widened as she gasped. "U-um-I guess—I don't know—I, well— -stop teasing her, you prat," Frank pulled his friend back from the flustered girl. "Sorry, don't take him too serious." "So, what did you do this summer?" Gideon asked her. Adhara instantly lights up at the topic. "We went to the beach," she tells them. "I never went before. It was in France—in a small city where Muggles don't go to and it was gorgeous. My mum hates the beach since she reddens. I darkened a bit, as you can see, along with the freckles that multiply when the sun is involved. My mother tries to buy products to make them disappear but they only work for a few hours." "Bullocks," Fabian said. "I think they're adorable. We match," he points out to his face than to hers. Both covered in many freckles, though his was a bit lighter than her brown ones. "And that one is my favorite," he said pointing to her cheekbone. Adhara frowns. "Why?" she rubs her cheek subconsciously. "It's shaped like a heart. It's pretty cute," he replies. "Adorable." Gideon comments. "Bloody amazing," Franks jokes. Adhara's face reddens at the praises of the twelve-year-olds. "You guys are—," she was cut off by the sound of the compartment door opening. She looked up to see the familiar face of Lucius Malfoy, her cousin's betrothed. He raised an eyebrow at her when he noticed who her company was. "Prewitt. Longbottom," he greets them. Adhara's eyes widened when she heard the names. Blood traitors . Her skin went pale at the thought of what her mother would say who she keeps company with. " Malfoy ," Fabian and Gideon hissed out with glares. "I came to fetch Adhara Black," he said which made the twins sputter when hearing her last name. Fabian had the gall to look betrayed and heartbroken. "You're a Black ," he said it as if it was poison to his tongue. Adhara frowned. Knowing Walburga, she would stand tall with pride of her lineage. But Adhara is no Walburga. She nods. "I…what do you need me for?" she asked the Prefect. He frowned at her question as if the answer was obvious. "Your brother told me to…well, he's happy with his group. It seems that he chose who could benefit him. You on the other hand…Your father told me to watch after you and your choices." Choices, huh? She thought. Adhara already knew that she mucked up when she sat with two Pure-Blooded traitors. But they were so nice and could have been her first friends. "Oh," she said. "Of course." She gathered her things and before following Lucius she turned to the three boys who was still gaping at her. "It was nice meeting you three," she said. " Addie , there you are," she was engulfed in a hug by Sirius before he steered her to the boat full of his new friends. "I want you to meet some of my new mates." "So, Sirius said you're different than your family, too. Is that true?" she was asked as soon as she stepped onto the boat. Adhara glanced at her brother with a confused expression before turning back to the messy-haired boy. "Um, what's your name?" she asked him. "Yeah, how 'bout introducing yourself before interrogating my sister," Sirius teased. "Sorry, I'm James Potter." Potter. Another powerful yet blood-traitor family. She glanced at her brother with a raised eyebrow. Sirius shrugged knowing what she was thinking. "Adhara," she tells the three boys. "Peter." "Remus Lupin," the other boy smiled shyly at her. "Now that we've been introduced, how bout answering my question," James leaned in. Adhara thought about the previous question. Different than her family, huh? What could he mean by that? Then her mind went back to what her father said about her one day. "My father always said I'm different than the rest of them," she said finally. Sirius laughed recalling it. "Yeah," he agreed. "She's pretty compassionate and sincere." He said those two words with such emphasis as if there was another meaning behind it. "Good," James seemed satisfied with that answer. For the first time, she hated that her last name was Black. Because she was called second. Right after Thomas Avery. Sirius squeezed her hand with comfort letting go as she walked up to the sorting hat. As soon as the hat touched her, she could feel it enter her mind. Judging her. You want to be a Slytherin, huh? It asked her . Ah, you don't belong there. Hmmm, where should you go? Gryffindor? You're a loyal one and strong morals but not as reckless as the bunch of them. Ravenclaw? You're a curious one. Quite an intelligent one, huh? Or Hufflepuff? Loyal to the deserving. Compassionate and dependable. Hard-working and an honest heart. Ah, this is a hard one. But the decision is clear. Sirius' eyebrows furrowed. "Is she a hat-stall?" he overheard someone asks. He knew what was expected of the two of them. Walburga practically threatened them to make the 'right' choice. Father was more soft with his approach. But why Slytherin? He looked over at the table to see it full of stuffy nosed gits. Adhara doesn't belong there. After James explained each and every house it was obvious where his twin should go. But he is selfish. Sirius wanted Adhara with him no matter what. He wanted her in Gryffindor even if