A Pawn in Their Hands 1991 They could do this— she could do this. She would win this war and claim victory for her commander. Scanning the battlefield, the white pawn—or now the white queen, thanks to the turbaned man she had helped through on behalf of her commander—inspected her troops. The knights' horses pawed the ground with their hooves and snorted, their riders glaring at the black army. The pawns were radiating nervous energy and her king stood tall and confident. They were ready. Staring down the board at her enemy, she gave her first order. "Knight to B3." 1980 " Bishop to F3." If she could, the white pawn would have tapped her foot impatiently. The black bishop only had to move three places, yet he seemed to be taking his sweet time. If she didn't know any better, she would have guessed that he was doing it on purpose, knowing the feat she was about to accomplish. Yes, after over one hundred and twenty-six games, she was finally going to be crowned a queen. She would then be able to move in any direction she wanted and have power over the other soldiers. After what felt like hours, the black bishop finally crossed the last square. This was it, her commander would call for her to move just one square and she could be crow— " Checkmate!" a man's voice boomed. What? Swivelling her head around, the white pawn looked at the bishop. Although none of them had been carved distinguished faces, she could still see him smirking at her king, who now had no choice but to step into the bishop's path. It was all over—her hopes of making a queen, gone. She may as well have been the king herself, waiting for her own life to be taken away; it would have been less painful than this. " Dammit!" Without a care for her own turmoil, her commander shoved her towards the opposite end of the board. " Don't worry, Elphinstone, you'll get him next time," a brunette woman standing behind him said. If she could, the white pawn would have rolled her eyes. There was no way Elphinstone would ever win a game; the rare good moves he made were only ever by accident. " Yeah, next time," the enemy commander said. " Perhaps I could challenge you, then, Barty?" the woman said. The enemy commander, Barty, laughed, and the white pawn rolled her eyes again. The man might have won the last game, but he was no better at strategy than Elphinstone. Taking a seat, the woman began a new battle. "Pawn to A3." If the two men were pathetic at strategy, they were nothing compared to the woman who had taken over as the white commander. Every move she made was slow and painful. She had no trouble sacrificing the knights early on, leaving few of the larger pieces to protect their king. " It won't be so easy to win without your queen, Minerva," the opposing commander said. One of the black rooks had just knocked out the white queen. Although the white pawn was now close to the end of the board, she highly doubted that the woman knew what that meant. " Slow and steady wins the race," the woman said. " Suit yourself." The woman should have listened to Barty. Minutes later, the white side was down to only a handful of pawns and a rook. " It looks like you're wasting moves chasing my king," Barty said. Her commander raised a thin eyebrow. "Oh? Pawn to G8." It was a few seconds before the white pawn realised the woman was talking to her. Was she finally going to get to the end of the board? Puffing out her chest, the white pawn glided forward. " Queen," her commander said. The white pawn half-expected to feel some spark of sorts travel through her marble body, to feel taller or stronger when she crossed to the final square. What she did feel, however, was much better. It felt as though her body had been doused in water—much like the time her owner had let a younger human play with them in the kitchen sink as though they were mere toys—but this time, she enjoyed it. The new crown adorning her head fit perfectly as she grew taller. It felt natural, powerful, good. " Check," her commander said with a small smile. The black commander shifted in his seat. "King to F5." Looking to the black king, the white pawn—now the white queen—found herself copying her commander's smile. Without anybody realising, Minerva had managed to corner the king with the rooks and pawns behind him. " Queen to G6," the woman said. The white queen swept towards the black king, who leant as far away from her new sword as he could, his dark eyes wide. " Checkmate." The words had never sounded sweeter. Although the white side had won other games, they had only ever happened when the white pawn—now queen—had already been knocked out. " Dammit!" Barty shouted. " Quite often you'll find people forget about the importance of pawns," her commander said. " You may as well keep the game board then," the man said, scraping back his chair. "It's useless to me now." " Now, now, Barty, no need to be like that," Elphinstone said, giving the woman a kiss on the cheek. The black commander rolled his eyes. Although her own commander started restoring pieces and placed her back on her original square, the white pawn didn't mind. She may have just been a pawn again, but perhaps now, with a new commander who could actually play the game, it wouldn't be so bad. The small human staring at her made his first, hesitant move. "Pawn to D4." The white queen smirked as the black pawn seemed to not want to move, perhaps knowing that it would only be a matter of time before he was smashed to pieces. Deep down, she knew it was not the youth's fault; he hadn't made Minerva give up chess or broken her heart. Nevertheless, he had taken on the position of the black knight and had thus taken a position against her and Minerva. Human or not, the ginger-haired boy had to be destroyed, to be smashed into splinters of marble the size of matchsticks , just like his black pawn. 1982 Humans never quite understood chess; pieces were always mistreated, dismissed. Just because they didn't have faces, at least not as defined as the witches and wizards who lead them into battle, they were deemed dispensable. Minerva, however, was different. With each game she played, her care for each and every piece shone through. The white pawn's new commander was a strategic master, winning the vast majority of games by using every single piece available to her. Sometimes the white pawn would be crowned a queen, sometimes a rook or a bishop. Sometimes she wouldn't even make it to the end of the board, but the white pawn never really minded. " Checkmate!" Minerva said, ending another game with a victory. The white pawn—this time turned into a rook—stuck her tongue out at the black knight she had taken out. He was still lying on the side of the board, his horse whinnying beside him. " Very sly . You never ceased to amaze me, Minerva," Elphinstone said, scratching his ginger beard. Although Elphinstone never quite managed to win a game, the white pawn liked him. Whenever he entered the house, Minerva would always bring out the chess set, complete with two freshly brewed cups of tea, and play a game. " Come, let's leave this here. I have something important I want to ask you," Elphinstone said. Minerva began to pack away the pieces. "You know I like to take care of my possessions," she said, repairing one of the other white pawns. " Please, Minnie, I think you won't mind waiting just this once," Elphinstone said again, and the white pawn noticed him tapping his pocket. She wanted to roll her eyes at the man's impatience, eager to get back to her original position and have a small rest before the next battle. Thankfully, Minerva stood her ground. She finished putting away each piece and gently placed the board onto the cabinet shelf. " Alright, what is it?" she asked, closing the cabinet door. As soon as she walked away, some of the white pawn's comrades starting jeering at the black pieces in triumph. The white pawn, however, focused her attention past the annoyed black side to the living room. She had to make sure that Elphinstone's news did not affect any future games. She watched as the man bent down on his knee in front of Minerva, taking out a small box from his pocket. Water began to leak from her commander's eyes, sending the white pawn's stone heart into a frenzied beat. Leaking eyes was a strange phenomenon she had only ever seen happen to some commanders when they lost, but Minerva had just won the game. She watched Minerva nod her head and throw her arms around Elphinstone. It was a strange gesture, but not too concerning; she was sure there would be plenty more games. The ginger-haired boy proved to be more of a strategist than she had first thought. Thinking about his moves almost as carefully as Minerva did, the boy had managed to take out several white pawns and keep his two human companions safe. Still, the white queen knew he would slip up somehow and concentrated on cornering him. 1985 Today, the white pawn felt she might try being a bishop if she got to the end. Of course, it would be completely up to her commander, but after the last few games, she had started to realise that going across the board diagonally was a bit faster. As soon as Minerva placed her on her starting square, making sure she was lined up neatly with all the other pieces, she turned her head towards the door. Elphinstone was due back from work any moment—5:15 on the dot, as always—and the game would begin. When Minerva placed two steaming mugs of hot tea beside the board, her marble body trembled in anticipation. Tick. Tick. Tick. Seconds, then minutes, went by, the golden hand on the kitchen clock passing over the '3' and moving down to the '6'. The white pawn looked from the clock to the door and back to the clock again, less excited than impatient to start the game. Beside her, two other pawns began to fight over who would be the first to move. It was always the same each game: one would bet that they would get to move first because they were in the direct centre of the board, even though the 'direct centre' did not exist. Tick. Tick. Tick. When the clock passed the '3' once more, Minerva stood up and took the cups of tea away. A loud knock sounded at the door, however, causing the woman to place them on a side table. Finally. Elphinstone was here, and the game could begin. The white pawn watched Minerva open the door but the wooden structure blocked her view of who was behind it. She could hear voices, voices that sounded loud like Elphinstone's, but weren't quite the same. Strange words like 'accident' and 'Venomous Tentacular' she had never heard of before were thrown about. They didn't sound like strategies that would help Minerva win the game, and soon the white pawn found herself wishing that whoever it was would hurry up and leave. Tick. Tick. Tick. Finally, Minerva closed the door again. Her eyes were leaking water, her chest heaving up and down. She crossed the room and sat on the chair, staring at the pieces. Having seen Minerva's eyes do that before, the white pawn turned away from her and