I'll Remember You A/N: This fic was written for the Quidditch League Fanfiction Competition Finals, as Falmouth Falcon's Beater 1. Sadly, this will be my last ever QLFC fic; as of Season 5, I will be proudly stepping up as a Mod on the forum. Therefore, I wanted to write a fic about something close to my heart and I hope I have made this fic count. My main prompt for this round was: (quote) " One can never have enough socks." —Dumbledore (which was not allowed to be said by Dumbledore in the story) Bonus prompts: 4. (word) gloves, 7. (word) tenderly, 11. (word) music Word count: 2984 Thank you to my betas, Arty (The Lady Arturia), Mal (Malhearst) and Red (RedButterfly33), for helping save this story :D Please be warned, this fic may have triggers for anyone who has ever experienced the devastating effects of dementia (or by extension, Alzheimer's). For you, Nanna. Xx February 2024 She didn't want to be here—it wasn't right. She should be back in her mother's small cottage, preparing her mother some lunch or ironing clothes, making her better. Hermione glowered at the fake, smiling faces passing by her as she walked towards the grey building, her shoes slapping against the asphalt. "Trust me, it's for the best," her husband said, placing a hand on her shoulder. She pushed Ron's hand off. "I highly doubt that." November 2020 " Stop fidgeting, Ron, you look fine," Hermione whispered. " I just want to be presentable for your mother," Ron said, tugging on his shirt's hem. "But I can never...get used to...these ridiculous...Muggle shirts." He threw his hands up in the air and glared at the triangle of material poking out from his trousers. " They're no different to the shirts you wear every day," she said and helped Ron tuck in his shirt. Pressing a kiss to his cheek, she rang the doorbell. " Hermione, Ronald! I wasn't expecting you today!" Hermione's mother, Esther, said as she opened the door. She was wiping a dirty plate with a tea-towel. Glancing at Ron, Hermione said, "We called yesterday to tell you we'd be here early." She watched her mother continually wipe the plate, seemingly oblivious to the large, orange food stain on it. When Hermione's eyes trailed up to her face, she saw that her eyes were dazed. The woman blinked. "That's right, I'm just a bit muddled up," she said. "My, Ronald, you look smart in that suit." Hermione tilted her head; something was off. She turned to see if Ron thought the same, but he was already walking through the door and into the kitchen, grinning at her mother's compliment. With a sigh, Hermione followed him inside. " How are things at the Ministry, Ronald? Did you end up catching the man selling singing teapots to us Muggles?" Esther asked, walking over to the sink. Hermione's worry subsided with the question, happy that she had remembered the boring and very exaggerated case Ron had been working on recently. " We got the nasty bugg—bloke. Took five of us to restrain him," Ron answered. Hermione raised an eyebrow. " What? He was a big guy." " I'm certain of it. You Aurors seem to have quite the adventures," Esther said. " We sure do," Ron said, helping himself to a biscuit from the plate on the table. Resisting the urge to roll her eyes, Hermione smiled at her mother. "The garden looks nice." " Mmm? Oh yes, I planted roses not long ago," she answered, pouring water into three mugs. "How many sugars do you take? Two, was it?" " You know me so well," Ron said. " It's not good for your teeth," Esther said with a smile. Hermione carried the steaming mugs to the table. Her mother followed her, carrying a few forks. She placed them on each placemat before raising a hand to her forehead and picking them back up. " Pardon me, I meant to grab some teaspoons," she said with a small laugh. Hermione took a sip of tea, drowning out the voice in her head telling her that it wasn't a simple mistake. " It's a pity Rose and Hugo weren't able to come visit," Esther said, walking back to the table. "How are they doing at school? Is Hugo over his fear of Herbology yet?" Hermione sighed. She hadn't realised that she had been holding her breath, wondering if her mother would remember that Rose and Hugo attended Hogwarts, let alone what they studied there. She did remember, though, and as the conversation continued, Hermione found herself enjoying the time with her. The feeling didn't last long. " How rude of me! Would you like a cup of tea, dears?" Esther said. Hermione stared at her mother, her mouth open. She had only drunk about a third of her tea, and steam was still slowly unfurling from her mother's own cup. The woman gathered up their mugs and bustled over to the sink. " Did you see that?" she whispered. " Yeah. I hadn't finished mine yet," Ron said. "Ah, well." Hermione watched her mother pour the hot tea into the sink. "I think she's losing it." Ron shrugged. "Everyone forgets things; Mum's always calling me Percy." " This is different. I think… I think maybe it's my fault." " Your fault?" " Yes, with that memory charm I performed during the war. What if this is some lasting effect from it?" " Nah, your parents were fine; the Healers checked them over," Ron said. He must've seen her face, however, because he then took her hand and rubbed his thumb over her knuckles. "It's probably just a silly little moment, alright?" Esther came back over with new cups of tea. "I heard Rose wants to be a Prefect next year," she said. Ron squeezed Hermione's hand and smiled as if to say, "See? Everything's normal." Hermione returned the smile, but it didn't quite meet her eyes. Hermione almost didn't go inside, even when Ron held open the door for her. She could understand why an old man, dressed in a brown suit, ran up to them and tried to get out. When a nurse closed the door before he could, she memorised the lock code, wanting to free him and everyone else inside. "I'm sure your mother is safe here," Ron said, ignoring her scowl. December 2022 " Do we have to visit? I have a tonne of homework I need to finish!" Hugo said. " Since when did you start caring about your homework?" Rose asked. " Since now." Hermione sighed. "That's enough. You won't get to see your grandmother until the summer holidays; treasure this time," she said. " Dad didn't have to come," Hugo muttered. Hermione nudged Hugo forward. "He got called into work; you didn't." She stopped short, however, when she saw her mother standing in front of the cottage gate, looking up and down the road. Although the snow wasn't predicted to fall until Christmas day, the clouds above threatened cold rain. There was, therefore, no reason for her to be dressed in just a T-shirt and skirt. " Merry Christmas, Mum," Hermione said. "What are you looking for?" " Mmm? I'm just waiting for the train. It never seems to be on time anymore," Esther answered and checked her watch. The children snickered. Hermione waved her hand at them to be quiet, unable to take her eyes off her mother's face. Her green eyes had that faraway look to them again. " The train?" " Yes, yes. I'll be late," Esther said. Then, her eyes seemed to refocus, and she turned back to Hermione. "Ah, you're finally here. How are you?" Hermione blinked. "I'm fine. Aren't you cold?" Her mother looked down at her clothes and frowned. " Of course I know it's chilly," she snapped. She opened the gate to the cottage and ushered them through."I was just about to grab my coat and gloves , but I was too busy waiting for you." Hermione's heart gave an uncomfortable jolt; her mother never lost her temper. " Would you like me to make a cup of tea?" Hermione asked, following Rose and Hugo into the kitchen. Esther, no trace of the defensiveness from a minute before, nodded. As Hermione walked to the sink, she noticed a bundle of wool and knitting needles sitting on one of the chairs. " Have you taken up knitting again, Mum?" she asked, picking up one of the knitted items. It was a pale pink baby's sock. A dozen or so other socks were on the chair, all the same size. " Oh, that, yes, I thought I'd get back into it," Esther said. " Who are they for?" Hermione asked. "Has the neighbour had a baby?" " I made them for Rose." " Rose? As in my Rose?" she asked, looking over at Rose. Her daughter shrugged and went back to reading a magazine. Esther looked over, blinking a few times. "Yes, well, I started years ago." " I see. All of them?" Chuckling, her mother took the sock from Hermione. " One can never have enough socks." Whilst Hermione made tea, she watched her mother sit down and talk with Rose and Hugo. Hugo grunted away, but Rose conversed easily, answering her grandmother's questions about school. " Rose was just telling me about a handsome, yet insufferable, blond at her school," her mother said, accepting her tea. "If I recall correctly, it sounds a lot like how you used to feel about a certain redhead." Hugo snorted, causing Hermione's mother to look his way. "Don't you laugh, mister, you'll be into girls soon enough." The tips of Hugo's ears reddened. "Yeah, right." Ether stood up and walked into the living room. "I have a picture of a young girl in my purse which I'm sure will have you changing your mind toute suite ." " Oh Mum, make her stop," Hugo moaned. Hermione gave him a pat on the back. "That's what mothers d—" " Right, who took it?" Her mother stormed back into the room. Her eyes were narrowed and her hands on her hips as she looked from Rose to Hugo. " Took what?" Hermione asked. " My purse! I always keep it on the coffee table, but it's gone now. One of them took it!" she said, pointing to Rose and Hugo. Both opened their mouths to protest, but Hermione shook her head at them. "Neither of them would take your purse," she said. " Then where is it? It didn't just get up and walk away." Her mother marched back into the living room. Shooting Rose and Hugo a comforting look, Hermione followed her. Pillows were strewn about as Esther searched the lounges. She was right; the purse wasn't on the coffee table. It was, however, sitting on the side table where the older woman sometimes left it. Picking it up, Hermione held it out to Esther. "Here it is." Her mother snatched the purse from her and counted the coins inside. Something flickered across her face, and after a moment, her frown disappeared. " Oh, yes. I—I must have put it there this morning. Silly me," she said, not quite able to meet Hermione's gaze. "How about that cup of tea, then?" Hermione could only nod, a lump forming in her throat. Her mother was certainly not fine, and the more Hermione saw, the more her suspicions were confirmed. The memory spell she had cast all those years ago had backfired, and only now she was to deal with the consequences. Classical music was playing throughout the hallways as Hermione and Ron walked to the 'activity hall.' Hermione rolled her eyes at the nurses' incompetence; most of the patients, being between seventy and ninety years old, would most likely have listened to rock 'n' roll music when younger like her mother. Her mother was sitting at a