Save the Silk "Oh no. No, no, no. This can't be," Parvati groaned, turning to them, a piece of parchment in her hands. "She seems to have been planning this from the very beginning." "She's been ahead of us this whole time," Romilda said, her brown eyes wide. "How could we have ever stopped her?" Padma shook her head, unable to believe what she was seeing. There, laid out across the Brown's kitchen table, were several different pieces of parchment, some larger than others. Lavender's sloping handwriting covered each page, with sentences crossed out here and there and notes made. Padma picked up the piece of parchment closest to her, her heart dropping. It appeared to be a Floo request to an unknown destination, with a small, hand-drawn map below it. She couldn't quite make out which area it depicted, but she had a feeling she wouldn't like it at all. "How could she have done this? How could she?" Demelza said, close to tears. Daphne patted her shoulder. "I don't know. It's just so—" "Sneaky? It's Slytherin behaviour, lying to us like this," Romilda cut in. "—so unlike her," Daphne finished, glaring at Romilda. The girl's cheeks turned red and she looked away. Sighing, Padma picked up another piece of parchment. This one was smaller with a bunch of numbers hurriedly scrawled down. Taking a closer look, she could see that it was a budget of sorts. A list of items from 'running shoes' to 'extra Floo powder' covered the page. "Well, it's official. Lavender has broken her promise to us; she's gone," Parvati said. She let the piece of parchment fall to the table, looking around at them. "What are we going to do?" Padma shook her again. All the evidence was there, but she didn't want to accept it. How could Lavender betray her like this? How could she have left without her? Lavender might've been closer to her sister, but she had thought that the blonde respected her just as much. Afterall, Parvati and Lavender always included her in their games and gossip whenever the latter visited their house. Had it all just been some sort of facade? Demelza pulled out a chair at the table and slumped down onto it. She folded her arms on the table and rested her head on them. "We can't catch up with her now. She's too far ahead; who knows what she's done by now?" she said, and a few tears rolled down her cheeks. "This is so unfair; it should've been me!" "Shh, c'mon, Robins, it's not all that bad," Daphne said. "But it is! If only I'd know what she was planning, I could've stopped her. I should've known better; I should've predicted what she was going to do." Parvati stepped forward and patted the girl's shoulder gently. "It's my fault, really. I'm her best friend; I could've stopped her," she said. Her sister's eyes soon began to well with tears, just like Demelza's. That was it—it was one thing for Lavender to betray her, but to make Parvati cry? She would not have it. Clearing her throat, she got the attention of the girls. "Look, we can still only assume where Lavender has gone, and if we're wrong, then we'll have some explaining to do for doubting her. But if we are right, maybe it's not too late to stop her. We can guess where she is going, can't we?" she said. Demelza looked up and sniffled. Daphne's blue eyes were alight with hope, and Parvati wiped away her tears. Nodding, her sister said, "Hey, yeah, we can." Padma smiled at her in encouragement. "And if we hurry, we might even be able to beat her there, or at least get to her in time." "Yeah," Parvati repeated. Meanwhile... Lavender looked behind her, clutching her bag close to her chest. Her chest heaved up and down and her heart pounded against her rib cage. She was sure someone was following her, watching her every step. She quickened her pace, rounding the street corner. Not long now, and she would be safe. She would find what she needed, and everything would finally be over. The risk would be worth it, and one day, they would all understand that she had done it for them—perhaps they would even laugh about it with her. "Hey sweet stuff," someone shouted. She barely glanced the wizard's way, looking enough to know that he was not cute enough to warrant the blush she felt rising to her cheeks. It was a derogatory compliment anyway, probably intended for anyone who passed. Besides, she had no time for ridiculous emotions, not today—it was difficult enough to suppress the guilt she felt welling in her stomach. Her stomach knotted up at the thought that she was betraying her friends. She hadn't meant to, not at all. She had told them that she would always stay with them, to not do anything rash. And for the longest time, it had worked well. She had resisted the temptation, had stayed with Parvati and the rest of the girls, using their friendship as a way to forget about all of her problems. However, when news had gotten to her that time was running out for them, she grew desperate. The excuse that she was going to be visiting her grandmother that weekend had slipped her tongue so easily, and she could only pray that they had believed her. If she had had more time, she would have even hidden her plans in a better attempt to throw them off her scent, but alas, she had needed to leave quickly. Pushing past a couple who were strolling much too slowly, she sprinted the last few meters to her destination. Her breathing was becoming more painful, but finally, finally, she was there. She took a moment to slow down her rapid heartbeat, scanning the street. The clouds overhead cast a dark shadow upon everyone, the owls soaring over screeching and cawing. It sent goosebumps up her arms, and the hair on the back of her neck stood on end. Still, no one had managed to follow her, at least not that she could see. Lavender turned to the large, wooden door before her and sighed. With sweaty palms, she reached forward and pulled on the brass knob, knocking against the door exactly three times—no more, no less. She could hear footsteps behind it, and soon it cracked open an inch. Through it, she could see an older witch with her hair tied up in a tight scarf. The woman didn't look exactly like Lavender had expected her to, but her next words confirmed it was the place she needed to be. "The code word?" the woman asked. Lavender glanced back down the street once more, just to make sure she really hadn't been followed, and turned back to the woman. "Savemysilk," she whispered. She waited with baited breath as the woman sighed. She was sure she had remembered the code correctly; after all, it was one of the most important details of her plan and she wouldn't be able to get anywhere without it. What if the man she had gotten the code from had lied to her? What if he had given her the wrong code, and was now off with Galleons she really shouldn't have spent? She would really be in trouble then. Thankfully, the witch rolled her eyes and nodded. "Yes, that is the code. I suppose I have to let you in, but I will tell you now I wasn't expecting someone so… young," she said. "You are Ms Brown, aren't you?" "Miss, but yes." The witch surveyed her for a moment, her grey eyes seeming to pierce into her. After another long moment, she then opened the door and ushered her in. She, too, looked out into the street, but Lavender was left with the impression that the older witch was hoping someone else would come along. She ignored her and instead inspected the room. Just like the witch, it wasn't exactly what she had expected—this time, it was much better. Rather than a dingy little room with poor lighting, she found herself in a large, circular building with several rooms leading off the main entrance. The walls held several different portraits, all of glamorous witches and important-looking wizards, sneering down at her. The floor was covered in a mix of soft white carpet and polished floorboards, and a crystal chandelier hung from the high ceiling. In the centre of the room was a long chaise that appeared too good to actually sit on. Someone had, however, for a silver tray sporting empty champagne glasses sat on a nearby table, lipstick stains on the otherwise shiny glass. "You do have the money, don't you child? I'm not in the mood to be mucked around," the woman said, closing the door and following her into the room. Lavender nodded, her attention still on the room. She couldn't see what she had really come for and her heart was beginning to beat faster again. "I do. Do you have what I need?" she asked, turning to the witch. The women rolled her eyes again and looked down her nose at her. "Of course I do, otherwise I'd have turned you out on the street, wouldn't I?" she said, placing her bony hands on her hips. "You're not the first person to come here asking for it." Lavender gulped. So there had been someone else. What if they had beaten her to it? What if the woman had given it away, and now she was simply being toyed with? Should she act a little more haughty and try to show the woman she was more important than she assumed? She must have looked worried, for the witch shook her head and tsked. "Relax, I'll go fetch what you're after and we can finish our business," she said. Lavender watched the woman stalk into one of the smaller rooms, her deep purple robes swishing around her thin ankles. She reminded her of one of the people in the portraits, wondering if perhaps she was in some way related to them. Shaking her head, she focused back on the room the woman had disappeared into, the same shade of purple curtains hiding the contents of it from view. She needed to make sure the woman wasn't going to cheat her. She could see the woman's pointy heels under the curtain, moving back and forth as though she was pacing. Lavender's hands grew sweatier and she wiped them against her own robes. She tapped her foot and bit her lip, watching as the woman continued to move about. Finally, after what felt more like hours than the minute or so it really was, the woman pulled open the curtains and stepped out. Lavender's eyes zoomed in on the item the woman held, and for the first time all day, she smiled. Yes, that was what she had been waiting for… what she needed. It looked real, too, and without a second thought, she walked to the woman and reached out for it. "This is perfect… so perfect!" she said, relief flooding through her. Before she could touch it, though, the witch pulled it away from her reach. "Five hundred Galleons," she said, holding a hand out. She sighed, but nodded. Digging around in her bag, Lavender retrieved her purse. It was a heavy price to pay, but in the end, it would be worth it. "C'mon, Demelza, move it!" Romilda hissed, tugging on the girl's arm. "We're almost there, just run a little faster." "I can't in these heels!" Demelza said. Padma rolled her eyes, passing the bickering girls as she ran. She had warned them all not to wear any shoes that were uncomfortable, no matter the sacrifice to their appearance. They had all grumbled—especially Daphne who had argued that the sandals she was given to wear did not match