I sleep with Finnick because he's the only one who understands what I am going through. The first time we seek out each other's comfort is when I can't sleep. I'm sitting by the window in our room. Buttercup is stalking around the floor, hissing softly at me whenever I bother to make eye contact with her. I look over and see Prim and my mother curled up together and the sight hits me with a wave of nostalgia, with them looking like they were in the early morning of the Reaping. I turn away and focus my gaze out the tiny space of glass, but my vision doesn't take anything in. It's all a blur. We have to sleep so we can look fresh, but I can't sleep because it's so damn obvious I'll just wake up five seconds later, an image of a battered Peeta imprinted against the back of my eyelids. Besides, I feel wide awake after shooting one of those propos. My pulse is thrumming through every vein in my body and all I can do is just sit. Until the sound of groans reach my ears. The groans of someone in deep pain. Casting one last glance at my family, who are in undisturbed tranquility, I decide to check on the person who is groaning, though my instincts are already quite aware of who it is. I cross over several rooms before entering Finnick's room. I see him thrashing around in his bed, kicking the covers to the foot of the bed, probably leaving him cold. He's sleeping very fitfully, mouth forming silent mumbles of names. I rush over to the side, flicking on the light that doesn't really change the dark atmosphere and gently grasp his arm, shaking him with little nudges, not wanting to give him the sense of him being attacked. After a few moments, his eyes snap open, waking with a gasp. He lunges forward, almost knocking his own forehead against mine. He turns his head and squints his eyes against the harsh light of the lamp. He turns his head back to face me. "Katniss?" Finnick croaks out. I'm looking down at him with a worried expression, alarm rising in my chest. In the revealing brightness of the light, I can now see the sweat glistening on his tan skin, the slight tremble in his muscles, how vacant his sea green eyes look underneath the shield of golden lashes. Despite his natural beauty, despair and fatigue is reeking off of him, something only I could see since I see it everyday when I peer at my reflection in one of the bathroom mirrors. "Yeah, it's me," I answer in a soft voice, releasing his sleeve from my fingers' grasp. "I'm sorry," he murmurs while bending his head down with a little sigh, pushing his long fingers through his shining bronze curls. "Did I wake you?" "To be honest, Odair," I sigh, sitting back at the other end of the bed to give him some space, "I wasn't getting much sleep either." A bitter, rueful chuckle escapes his lips as he tilts his head back. "You too, huh?" He looks as distraught as I feel, and I press my lips together, not knowing what to say in return. I'm not even sure what would be helpful in this situation anyway, considering that we're both awake in the middle of the night. He whips out that little piece of rope from his pocket and absentmindedly begins to wind the rope into several different kinds of knots. I'm sort of amazed at how fast and skilled his fingers are moving, creating the knots without even looking, really. A bulge in my own pocket brushes against my fingertips and I remember the rope he had given me. I pull it out and stare at it in my pale palms. I tie a few simple knots before rising from the bed. "Are you sure you're okay?" But the question is the stupidest one I've ever said. Of course he's not okay. His true love, Annie Cresta, a mad girl who was a District Four Victor as well, is inside the Capitol, possibly being tortured out of her wits just to tear Finnick apart, the same thing they're doing to me with Peeta, all because of our help to the rebellion. Finnick looks up, his eyes shimmering with something unfathomable. "For now, yeah," he lamely replies, looking back down at the rope, which now carries some complex design of a knot that I would never hope to accomplish. I nod once before turning on my heel, ready to leave. I'm almost out the door when Finnick's voice reaches me again. "Katniss!" I whirl back around, my dark braid flying over my shoulder. "Yes, Finnick?" "Do you mind staying with me for a while?" he asks. For a moment, I see myself, back in the time before the Quarter Quell, where I had to consume numbers of spoonfuls of sleep syrup and Peeta had barged into my room at the sound of my screams. I had requested him to stay with me, the comfort of his strong arms the only thing securing me. I notice the same glint of pain and desperation in Finnick's lovely green eyes that he is probably trying to hide any sign of in his body, but the eyes are the windows to the soul, the only thing you can't disguise. I soon find myself nodding. "Okay, I will," I offer to him and the silence is so deep that I could hear the little amount of air he released from his lungs, a small, relieved smile finding its way to his lips before disappearing. Neither one of us move at first and Finnick pulls back the covers beside him, patting the empty spot. "Come on, Girl on Fire," he beckons softly with a single waggle of his eyebrows. "Every woman would kill for a chance to jump into bed with me, you know. Consider yourself lucky." The way he teases me so seriously yet flirtatiously makes me smirk a little. I sit down on the bed and continue to weave the knots' magic with Finnick by my side and we quietly talk to each other about nothing. In District Thirteen, the living quarters aren't exactly spacious, so when a nightmare hits me, the bed can get quite occupied. Wolves are closing in on us, Peeta at my feet, back against the damp soil, moaning my name. I am trying desperately to pick him up, but the wolves leap on top of me, bringing me down with their heavy weight and I watch helplessly as the rest of them surround Peeta and slowly claw at his skin, chomping their fangs down on his limbs. His screams pierce the air, yells out my name, begging for my help. It reminds me of the time when Cato was being eaten alive by the mutts, moaning out several names, including his partner from District Two, Clove. The last thing I see is Peeta's blue eyes, filled with agony and helplessness. The sight breaks my heart and I wake with a huge gasp, my lungs yearning for air, which I gulp down hungrily. My heart is thundering in my chest and I feel someone gripping the side of my arm. My eyes trail up the shadow of a strong and toned chest before meeting a pair of wide eyes that bring the color of the sea to shame. "Finnick?" I ask out into the darkness. "Hey, hey, hey," he's murmuring softly, soothingly. He keeps repeating this as I press a hand to my chest, as if that would calm down my speeding heart. I take a few minutes to catch my breath and after a while, my heart is slowing down and I suck in one more deep breath before blinking away the leftover traces of the nightmares. I look down to see Finnick grasping my hand. Strangely, I don't let go, since it's the only thing anchoring me to Earth right now. "Are you alright now?" he whispers. His thumb brushes over my knuckles repeatedly and it's an oddly comforting gesture. My hair is sticking to my scalp with sticky sweat and I flick some strands out of my eyes. "Yes," I say, my voice barely reaching above a whisper. "Was it Peeta again?" I look at him strangely for a moment, wondering how he could have possibly known that since the Capitol had attempted to destroy every single person I love and he quickly adds in a slow voice, "You were screaming his name." Screaming? "Oh God," I mutter to myself while bowing my head. "It's no problem. Only problem was you took all of the covers, leaving me to freeze to death." Neither of us laugh at the attempt of a joke. "I'm sorry." I rub my hands up my arms to stave off the cold. There are no heaters in District Thirteen, so it feels very sterile and cold and detached from the rest of the world. "Here." I offer up the covers, sitting up a little. "Again, no problem, Kat." I frown at the nickname and that brings the ghost of a smile to his lips. "It's kind of cute when you frown. Your nose scrunches up like this." He pokes my nose lightly and I scowl even further, making him chuckle. Now I know he was trying to make himself laugh and all I do is roll my eyes. I then turn back and stare down at the pillow, my eyes boring into it so deep since I'm afraid of what would happen if I set my head back down on it. Finnick notices this and clears his throat almost uncomfortably and this makes me look back at him, eyebrow raised. "If it helps, I can lie down with you for a bit until you get warm again. You're shivering, you know," he points out and I peer down at the goosebumps popping up on my pale arms. "Uh . . ." "Katniss, I promise not to do anything," he says seriously. "Lie back down," he tells me. I believe him and carefully set myself down. I furrow my eyebrows, but he nudges my shoulder, moving to lie on his side. We're facing each other and I look into his eyes, which are drooping shut as he stretches an arm around my back. His touch sends more shivers down my body and I shift a little closer, resting my head against his bicep. I let out a breath, my body slowly relaxing against his. For a second, I imagine me engulfed in Peeta's arms, the warm embrace the only thing healing the panic inside of me. "Is this better?" he asks, needlessly, I think. "Yeah." A moment of silence follows. I curl up beside him a little more and we're about to fall asleep, so he mumbles out with his eyes still shut, "You know, Girl on Fire, for this to be the most effective, we'd have to be naked." I know he's teasing me and when I grumble, " Finnick ," it sounds like a whine, making him laugh, the sound resonating in his chest. It becomes a routine with us, some nights worse than others. But we're always there for each other, the only people who could help us drag through the day. Sometimes, when I'm woken up from a nightmare, it takes me a few minutes to realize that I'm awake since the real world isn't much different from my nightmares. This time, I'm lying on my side, eyes wide open, blinking to accustom to the darkness. My back is flush against Finnick's, which is now growing taut from his muscles pulling together and loosening. I wrap my rope around my wrist like a bracelet and stare at it for a moment or two, spinning it round and round. The tips of my fingers are a bit red