So, I'm sorry for this word vomit pile and also the fact that this is really dramatic and cheesy and sad. I can't do happy, it seems. Quick note about the premise: It's set four months after The Dark Prophecy but there are literally no spoilers for it. The funk with the Roman Camp is all wrapped up and over with, Apollo and Meg (though she doesn't appear sadly) are back in Camp Half Blood, and there's just been a devastating battle there. If this WERE to happen in canon I'd wager it would be in the fourth TOA book but it's not canon, so that's that. Also, Baby Jackson is nearly four months because I did some maths. "Her name is Sally Jackson and she's the best person in the world, which just proves my theory that the best people have the rottennest luck." -Percy Jackson, Lightning Thief. Being a new mother, Sally Jackson hadn't had the chance to move around much. She'd been all but confined to their New York apartment and evening walks at Central Park, with Paul and Percy answering to every beck and call of hers. Weekends would mean a bit of fun, but all in all caring for her three month old daughter had eaten up most of her time. That didn't stop her, though, from rushing to Camp Half-Blood when she got the call that there had been a battle there. It was the weekend. Paul had gone away to Jersey on some teacher's conference, and having no other choice, Sally had to lug her child all the way to Long Island Sound with her. Cars jammed up traffic, eager to get away for the holidays. Vehicles lined up all the way to Long Island Sound. Under any other circumstances, Sally would have zipped recklessly through the traffic clogged roads - but that wasn't really an option with her baby on board. It wasn't the safest arrangement, but she'd gotten ahold of a satyr who'd been stranded in Manhattan on a rescue mission, along with his demigod (a shy thirteen year old boy), and had reluctantly passed on her daughter for them to hold while she navigated the route to Camp Half-Blood. Half-Blood Hill was quiet when Sally pulled up, and if she hadn't known Percy was alive and safe and had been the one to call her, she was sure she'd be going to pieces. The satyr Vincent, and the boy Rutherford stumbled out, handing over her daughter. "Thank you," Vincent said and let her in the magical force field of Camp Half Blood; and after she'd replied that it was no problem and they were welcome, she made a beeline to the Big House. "Sally!" Chiron exclaimed, drawing away from a conversation with a short, black haired boy she recognised as Nico Di Angelo. "My dear, how are you?" "Hello, Chiron." Sally cut to the chase. "My son, Percy, where is he?" Chiron winced. "He's...he's fine. It was an exhausting and devastating fight and he's sweeping the lake right now for debris and..." "Demigods, frankly," Nico supplied darkly. "There were a lot of casualties, Mrs Blofis, and a lot more missing people. He's helping with the search parties." Sally swallowed. "But Percy-" "Is fine," Nico said politely. "Tired but fine." He cringed all of a sudden and there was a " Dammit !" from the infirmary attached to the Big House, and a sound that resembled a pile of bricks hitting the floor. Sally's heart fluttered and she clutched onto her daughter more tightly. Chiron turned his eyes onto the son of Hades. "Another dead?" "I fear so." Chiron sighed deeply and closed his eyes. "Nico, you can go and rest if you requ-" "I've got to be in the infirmary, Chiron," Nico said, "they're going to need all the help they're going to get especially after Austin-" He broke off and shuddered. "I'm just...going to go." He scampered off into the med bay. "There were a lot of casualties," Chiron echoed to Sally. "This has been one of the worst battles we've had in Camp - passing even the battle of the Labyrinth we had two years ago. It is fortunate that it is just the beginning of summer and not all the campers had arrived yet." He paused. "Though I expect they will be here as soon as they hear of this tragedy." Sally sunk down on one of the chairs around the ping pong table, cradling her sleeping daughter to her chest. "Oh dear." Chiron gave her a grave nod. "It has been a most terrible fight...I heard that you have dropped off another demigod?" "Rutherford," Sally relied. "Thirteen." Chiron cursed softly in what she assumed was Ancient Greek. "An extremely unfortunate arrival. Well, I must go and welcome him. Sally, you are free to wait around here for Percy." With one last sad smile, Chiron galloped out of the rec room, shutting the door after himself Not trusting herself to not burst into tears, Sally just leant back slowly, hands smoothening the blanket around her baby. All of a sudden, she was hyper aware of the fact that the baby in her arms was impossibly small and impossibly mortal - she didn't have any of this burden, any of this fate, and moreover, any of the endurance. She sat in the quiet rec room for a while, just listening to her baby's gentle snores, simply measuring her heartbeat till there was a resounding bang that rang through the room. Frowning to herself, Sally rose to her feet, her daughter having woken up from her slumber and promptly bursting into tears. She bounced the baby in her arms, cooing softly. A new sort of wailing joined in with her child's. This however was anguished and desperate, and through the strangled cries she could make out frenzied shouts, denials, names . At once, Sally understood what had happened. She recognised that gut-wrenching sorrow not, thankfully, from experience, but from a distant memory of hearing it before, another mother, another child, another battle, another death. Sally made her way to the infirmary, footsteps quiet. Her daughter had fallen silent once again, her wide blue eyes shining peering curiously at her. Sally tried to give her a small smile before peeking her head into the busy med bay. The infirmary was busy - as anybody with eyes or ears would have concluded. Healers bustled around between beds, fixing up broken bones, bandaging gaping wounds, stitching up long gashes. The less medically inclined volunteers acted as nurses, cutting bandages, procuring emesis basins, offering nectar and ambrosia. The room bore the nauseating stench of blood and vomit, and it took all she had to not throw up right there. She slipped into one of the back rooms, and the sight that she met caused her stomach churn even more violently than it had in the infirmary. Shrouded bodies were lined up on long tables. There were nearly twenty in total, and in the middle of it all, a young blonde woman in her late twenties lay collapsed on her knees, weeping into her hands while an uncomfortable looking Nico crouched by her, a gentle hand on her shoulder. Sally approached them slowly, all the more aware of the fact that her baby lay in the cradle of her arms, unusually quiet. She stood quietly to the side. She opened her mouth hesitantly, unsure of what she was going to say - I'm sorry for your loss? It will get better? Is there anything I can do for you? They all seemed incredibly empty and useless. Nico looked up at her and gave an almost imperceptible shake of his head. "Nico," a hard voice called out, and Sally swivelled around to come face-to-face with a lanky, brown haired boy. Sally recognised who he was with a jolt. "Go. Your help is needed elsewhere. I'll take care of this." Nico looked uneasy, but he rose, letting his hand drop. "Oh-oh alright-" He swallowed hard, then added in a hurried whisper, "Apollo, is she one of your-" "No." Apollo said, blue eyes flashing. He didn't look angry, just tired, his eyes red-rimmed, but Nico drew back with a quick nod anyway and made his way to the door. Sally blocked Nico's path. When Nico looked up at her in something akin to terror, she just handed her his baby as a peace offering. The baby cooed and reached up to Nico. Nico gaped. "Eh...?" "Can you take her, please, for just a moment?" The boy looked a bit terrified, but nodded and hurried out the room. Apollo moved to kneel in front of the young women who was still sobbing into her hands. When he spoke, his voice was surprisingly gentle. "Ma'am-" he broke off and tried again. "Ma'am, we are so very sorry-" "She was supposed to be safe here!" The woman lifted her head and Sally was taken aback to see exactly how young she actually was - she couldn't have been older than twenty-eight. Her heart crawled up to her throat. How old could her child be? Six? Seven? "This was the only place where she could be safe!" The women wailed. "She was so young, so excited to come here-it was her first summer here-she can't have-" Sally watched horror-stuck as the woman pushed her long blonde hair back and stood up shakily, arms wrapping around herself. "She was so young," she said and it took all Sally had to not say You are too, my dear . Judging from the expression on Apollo's face, he was thinking this too. "She was barely eight years old, why was she even in the fighting -?" she broke off in a sob again. The former god patted her back awkwardly. "I'm so sorry," Apollo repeated. "If there's anything we can do-" "I want her back," the woman said. "I want to see her again, alive, and not -" she gestured to an incredibly small figure wrapped in a plain dark blue shroud. Sally felt like she'd swallowed a brick of ice. "I want her to play again. I want to hear her laugh, to see her smile, to meet her father, whoever he really is-" Sally watched as the woman in front of her curled around herself, shaking with the insurmountable grief, wrapping her arms around her daughter's limp body. She tore apart the shroud, and Sally caught a glimpse of a small pale face as the woman brushed her child's dark hair out of it. "Ares." Apollo said quietly, making Sally jump. "Her father is Ares. I felt it." "It doesn't matter now," the mother said bitterly, still staring into her child's face. "She's mine. It doesn't matter to me, it mattered to her before, but..." She leant down, eyes closed, and brushed her cheek against her daughter's. "My baby, my Eliza." She tried to stand back up but almost lost her footing. Sally swooped forward at the same time as Apollo, but the woman waved them off and staggered back to her feet. She was no longer sobbing, but her eyes were puffy and her voice raspy. She shut her eyes and slumped against Sally. "Why do the gods give us such beautiful gifts if we cannot keep them?" Apollo cringed like she had slapped him and Sally, who had been stunned into silence and incapacity the whole time, finally found her voice. "Let's get you cleaned up, dear," she told the young woman, "and something to eat. What's your name dear?" "Maryse." Sally placed an arm around the mother's shoulders and guided her out of the room. The woman did not open her eyes and allowed Sally to lead her silently. Once they were back in Chiron's office Sally seated the woman in one of the many wooden chairs. Nico - who she seemed to be finding everywhere today - looked up from where he was entertaining her daughter. "Give her