Gifts Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings belongs to J.R.R Tolkien. This story is just for fun, no profit is being made. ... Arwen sighed with discomfort. They had both known that bearing a child was harder for elves but she hadn't expected to be so easily tired. She had ignored the pain, pushed herself to take part in councils, laughed away his concern until things had come to a head one day when she had to call on her husband's assistance to make her way back to her chambers. That Aragorn was worried was clear to everyone, although Arwen secretly admitted to herself that she was worried too. She had been present at the time when Eowyn gave birth and there was altogether too much blood, too much pain in her opinion although the child at the end had warmed her heart. She had known when the time was ripe for her child to be born and had willed it to be so. Estel had been delighted at first, his dream of home and hearth finally realized in her, but as the months passed he became increasingly worried as her strength diminished. The women in the city muttered that her form was too slender to bear a child, the elven midwife was aghast at the growth of the babe within her. None knew what to expect or when the babe would be born. After the incident she had given in to prudence and stayed away from councils. Her days were spent in the gardens, the sounds of growing life soothed her worry, although many were scandalized to see their queen in mud and dirt. Estel would visit her in the garden, telling her about the matters of the state. He did not deny her this pleasure, the blood of the Sindar ran deeply in her. But today it rained. Her husband had looked most apologetic as he had left her to her own devices. With sudden decision she stood up and started pacing in their room. She had dismissed her attendants preferring the solitude. She opened her closet and ran her slender fingers through the rich fabric. An expression of distaste clouded her face as she looked on the heavy fabric, the customs and clothing of Gondor had filled her with dismay. The rich, heavy fabrics were stuffy and formal, nothing like the bright colors and the light dresses she was used to. But she knew the importance of appearance and Gondor's queen was always impeccably attired. Her expression brightened as she took in the light elven dresses, their sight and smell a reminder of Imladris. Perhaps after the child was born, they could go north. She knew her husband too longed for the northern air. Tired with her examination she moved onto her husband's dressing room. Shades of black here and more pompous clothing. She kept searching until she found the faded green of his ranger clothing. Despite its ragged appearance, she remembered it most fondly above all of his kingly clothing. But less than the white he had worn in Lothlorien, a lovely smile graced her face as she remembered the early days of their love. She continued searching within his clothes, enjoying the smell and trace of her husband. Unfolding a cloak, she was startled to find several items clattering to the floor. She knelt on the floor curious to see what had fallen. Some were handcrafted items. Perhaps her husband had whiled away his time in the wilds crafting small items to pass the time. Some of them were items for a lady, bracelet made with polished wood, a beautifully polished box for small jewelry, wilted flowers that smelt most wonderful. There were polished pebbles that she had never seen and sand that glowed red in the light. He had travelled further than any known man and seen much. Ever he could amuse her with his tales of travels although they both knew it must have been bitter at times. Perhaps these were the token from his travels. Why would he hide it though? she wondered. She collected her find and took them to their bed to better see in the light. When she entered her room, she found Aragorn waiting for her. "You have an impeccable sense of time Estel" she remarked with a smile. He looked at her questioningly and then glanced at the cloth in her hands. "I see you have been exploring" he answered drily. "Did you hope to discover something?" She laughed merrily in answer, pressing a kiss and then guiding him to their bed. "I did discover many treasures in this innocent cloth" she said carefully laying the items on the bed and watching her husband's expression closely. Hi features displayed his surprise before he touched them and murmured, "I had forgotten about these." "What are they?" she asked. "Tokens from your travels." He shook his head meeting her eyes and said, "Your begetting day gifts." It was her turn to be surprised but her face brightened in pleasure as she turned with renewed attention to her gifts. "Why were they never given to me?" she asked. "Dirt for the Lady of Imladris?" he replied in mirth lying back on the bed. "It is of a most unique kind" she replied curiously examining it again. "It it from Harad?" "Yes" he said playing with the strands of her hair. "We were not betrothed then" she replied a question clear in her voice. "No we weren't" he said. There was a silence as she waited patiently for him to go on. "In the year I left Imladris I travelled far to the dwarven lands and was gifted a wonderful treasure. It struck me that your begetting day was nigh and in my youth I was determined to present you with this token of my affection and confess my ardent devotion" he said his tone light with remembrance. "Following events had me robbed and of what remained of my treasure I sold for food." "In all things I persevere" he said "and in this too I was determined to find something worthy". "The following year during the slow summer months I was resolved to succeed. My passion still burnt bright and my hope was high but many cares came that year and for many years afterwards I thought naught of gifts although you were ever present in my thoughts." "In Gondor when I looked upon Denethor's joy, I felt a deeper sense of envy. I could not think of another even though many years had passed since we had seen each other. In despair of having something to do I tried crafting a bracelet. I put much thought and time into it. I left Gondor in haste and it was lost to me." "But it was a strange comfort" he said with a self deprecating smile. "To craft something for you, I could see your slender wrist" he said, his hands gently holding hers "when I was crafting that bracelet, see you dancing in the glade of Imladris when I saw strange and beautiful flowers." Arwen listened mesmerized, her husband was known for his taciturn moods and was seldom so eleoquent. "In Harad where the stars burnt bright and strange, you were nearer to me than in years, I took some of that rare sand as a sign of remembrance." "In Lothlorien" he continued kissing her hand, "my greatest desire came to be fulfilled I barely remembered my tokens and when I did they paled in significance, seemed worthless." "But now it was impossible to stop. Any item of beauty I would chance upon I would squirrel away for you. Most were lost to me and others were never what I wanted them to be but I couldn't bear to throw them away." "I am glad you didn't" she replied, her eyes tender. "May I keep them?" "They are yours to do as you wish" he replied. "We are both fools, you and I" she replied with a quick smile as she drew away from him and made her way into her dressing room returning with a wooden box. She opened the box and he glimpsed a lock of silver and dark hair, some tiny portraits, pressed flowers and a sheaf of letters. Arwen took the sheaf of letters and handed it to him. "I was most ardent in my love for you. In the months following your departure I hardly knew what to do with myself. There was much I wished to tell you, much I desired to hear from you even though I knew it would not be so and our wait would be long. But I did not want to forget so I wrote." she said. "I am afraid the first few letters were fairly gushing with admiration for you. I wrote in great length about my ardent love of you, the agony of being parted from you. I planned in great length our escape together. I spent hours wondering where we should settle and spend our lives, caring naught for duty. When some semblance of sense returned I was embarrassed to read them but I knew they would make you laugh and so I kept them." "Never would I mock your feelings" he replied warmly, his fingers caressing the letters in reverence. "You could not be worse than I was." "You may be surprised" she replied leaning against him. "I wrote to you of the season's change, of Adar's distress, the trivial happenings in Imladris. I could imagine your response and it was a great comfort." "Why did you never give them?" he asked. "You returned to me but rarely, with many cares, ever weary and in dire need of healing" she replied softly, her fingers tracing his dear face. "It was clear to see that Imladris was dear to you, to taunt you with letters of hearth and home, of people who you barely caught a glimpse of would have been cruel." "To know that you had thought of me, confided in me your cares and dreams, no matter how trivial would have been a gift beyond price." "As would have been the tokens you had gathered from all corners of Arda which is why dear husband you and I have been such fools" she answered. "I had my cares and worries as you have remarked upon. You have no such excuse" he replied, capturing her wandering fingers. Her answer was a smile which turned into a grimace as she straightened up to sit up on the bed. "Rest Arwen" he said, sitting up himself. "You tire easily . Pilfering through my belongings must have been tiring". Her mirth answered his. "How low I have fallen!" she said with good humor as she leaned against the pillows, arranging her feet on his lap. "To be tired while going through your clothes is an embarrassment. Elladan and Elrohir must never hear about this!" "They will not from me" he promised, his hands massaging her feet. She sighed with pleasure, eyes closing in rapture. Opening her eyes to voice her gratitude, she watched his eyes straying to the bundle of letters. "You can read the letters if you so wish" she said amused. He placed a quick kiss on her feet before eagerly reaching for the letters. "I must say I am very curious to read of my many attributes" he replied with a smile, his fingers carefully opening the parchment. She watched him as his eyes rapidly moved over the parchment. His lips twitched and her own curved in amusement as he threw his head back and laughed. "When I was in Gondor as Thorongil someone composed The Lay of Thorongirl in my honor" he replied his eyes twinkling. "A most enthusiastic attempt that was glowing in praise and made me very uncomfortable. I confess this is much worse". His eyes warm with pleasure took the sting from the words. "If only you had put your words on