Hello all! I have no earthly idea where this came from, but I couldn't stop writing it. No, I've not forgotten Telling Time. Yes, you'll have an update for that soon. Will this be continued? Not likely, however for the sake of my Beta's personal hatred for RW/HG, if I were going to continue this Ron and Hermione would be going their separate ways. This is not about Ron and Hermione, however. It's about Harry. Harry and Minerva. Weird, I know, but you've all seen me post the odd weird ship before, and you never seem too put out. I do hope you enjoy this! Warmest regards! It was a surprisingly warm afternoon in late March of nineteen seventy-five, and to the shock of one Severus Snape, a fourth year Slytherin, a grown wizard and a grown witch suddenly appeared before him, wearing identical expressions of confusion. Mere seconds before, in the year nineteen fifty-three, the witch had been talking to her friend Eileen about how if ever she were to have a son - though she knew she never would - she would call him Severus . At the very same time, the wizard had been walking the grounds of Hogwarts - newly put back together after the battle that past May - thinking about the man who Eileen would eventually mother, naming him Severus and naming her dear friend godmother. Severus Tobias Snape had died in that awful battle, and the wizard had been remembering his regrets as only a grown man was prone to do, and upon whispering the dead man's name, night had melted to day, time and space had warped, and suddenly the man had been transported more than twenty years into his past, as the woman had been transported more than twenty years into her future. The wizard, it seemed, had both Severus and the mystery witch at a disadvantage, as after a few seconds of study he was able to identify them both. "Snape," he whispered, looking in horror at the teenager. "McGonagall?" he croaked, looking even more pale. "You know me?" Snape asked. "Sort of," the wizard said. "I'm Harry. I know neither of you know me yet." Snape peered intently at the woman, this McGonagall as Harry had identified, and recognized a similar bearing of his Transfiguration Professor. "Are you related to Professor Minerva McGonagall?" he asked, curious. "I am Minerva McGonagall," she bristled. "Though I don't know about being a Professor. I've only just graduated Hogwarts!" "So you're from… fifty-four then?" Harry asked. "I think you were teaching by fifty-six. Or rather, you will be. Oh. I probably shouldn't have told you that." "You're from the future, then?" Minerva inquired, curious. "Uh, yeah," he muttered. All the while this exchange was going on, Severus was watching the two strangers, eying their body language and being highly annoyed at the way they both blushed at one another. This woman… the younger version of his Transfiguration Professor and godmother … was unashamedly eyeing the dark haired wizard, this Harry bloke, and Severus found it unnerving. "When are you from, exactly?" he asked, looking at the man who looked irritatingly like his nemesis, James Potter. "Nineteen ninety-eight," Harry answered with a shrug, seeing no harm in saying that much. "So…" Severus did the math in his head… "Aunt Minerva, would you kindly stop ogling a bloke that is more than forty years your junior, assuming you're even still alive then." "Aunt?" Minerva asked, frowning. "You're my godmother. Eileen Prince is my mum. Well, not Prince anymore but I guess I shouldn't tell you who my father ends up being." Minerva smiled brightly, thinking of the conversation she'd had with her best friend, only minutes prior from her perspective. "Fancy that. I think I picked out your name!" "Yes," Severus drawed. "A fact you mentioned at least once a week when I first started Hogwarts." Harry laughed. "Wow does this explain a lot about you two." "I get how you would know her ," Severus mused, "but how do you know me?" "Uh…" Harry looked at his shoes. "It's… complicated. We didn't get on very well, I'm afraid." "You're Potter's kid!" Severus accused, looking furious. Harry's eyes widened at the venom in the boy's voice, and that was when Severus noticed the color; a familiar green. "Maybe?" Harry said. "With Lily," Severus muttered, looking miserable. "Stop talking, both of you," Minerva ordered, and both wizards snapped to. Even though Minerva was hardly older than Harry in the here and now, he knew her as his Professor and knew she wasn't to be crossed. Severus, of course, had never known Minerva as anything but an authority figure. "Severus, as fun as this has been, to glimpse a bit of the future, Harry and I obviously don't belong here. Is Dippet still Headmaster? We ought to see if he can set things right before we impact Harry's timeline, or I learn something that might impact mine when I get back. Obviously I do make it back to my time, if I'm in Harry's future. Oh, Dippet had been planning to retire, hadn't he? He'll have done that by now. Who replaces him?" "Dumbledore," Harry and Severus said at the same time. Minerva lit up at that. "Really? Well that's splendid. Dippet is great and all, but he's not really the sort to handle surprises well. Dumbledore will be a great help." Harry chuckled. "Give it time, Professor McGonagall. You'll be calling him a crazy old coot in a few years, with great regularity." The young witch cringed. "Honestly Harry, just call me Minerva . You're my age for Merlin's sake, and I won't be your professor for another…" "Sixteen years," he supplied helpfully. "I'm not even born yet." "I guess you guys know where the Headmaster's office is, so I'll just be off," Severus said, eying the visitors. "Oh, and Harry?" "Yeah, Sn...Severus?" Harry asked, stumbling over the name in an effort not to reveal to Minerva who the teens father would ultimately be. "If I'm right, and Lily is your mum…" he paused. "Well, you're lucky to have her." Harry smiled, but said nothing. A curt nod later, the young Slytherin walked away, leaving the two out-of-time people alone. XOX Minerva led, which Harry was fine with. He was used to her taking the lead, and even if she was his age at the moment - which was really weird - he was still content to walk behind her. At least, he had been until he noticed that the skirt she was wearing showed off her long legs, slender waist, and a rather nice bum that just begged to be looked at as her hips swayed with her every step. In an effort to not notice how attractive a body his Professor back in his time was apparently hiding under modest clothing, he started looking at the walls they were walking along. It wasn't as if his McGonagall was someone he'd ever thought wasn't good-looking, but he'd never outright found her attractive. Who was he bloody kidding? This woman, in any time, was beautiful. Stunning, really, if he was being perfectly honest with himself. "So, Harry," Minerva said, slowing so that he fell in step beside her instead of behind as they walked toward the Headmaster's office. "Have you got a girlfriend?" He stopped short at the question, and she stopped with him. "No," he admitted, briefly thinking about how, after it all, he and Ginny had decided that they'd both changed too much to consider dating again. "Oh, good," she said, grinning. "As while I'm horribly impulsive sometimes, I don't condone cheating." "Cheating?" he asked, perplexed. What was she going on about? His mental question was answered by Minerva, or rather by her soft lips pressed fiercely into his. Her fingers ran through his hair, and on instinct he kissed her back, arms wrapping around her waist and pulling her close. The kiss went on for a long minute before Harry remembered who he was kissing and pulled away. "Hmmm," Minerva mumbled into his shoulder. "You taste like heaven." "You're my Professor," Harry gently reminded her. "There, perhaps," Minerva admitted. "But not here." "Why did you kiss me?" "Don't like regret," she admitted. "And… I don't know, Harry. I know I've only really known you a half hour, but I feel… I guess it's about you being in the same boat as I am right now. Had I shown up here, alone, I'd have been horribly frightened. But you were there too, and while I didn't know you, you knew me , and that was a comfort. I guess it was a thank you kiss." "Well," he said, grinning. "While I had absolutely no control over this, you're welcome. I'd be a damn fool to complain when a beautiful woman decides to snog me." "Ah," a voice nearly identical to Minerva's said. "So today is that day." The two teens turned around to see Minerva's older - probably forty years old - counterpart. Harry took in this McGonagall's appearance and found that while she was far more conservative than the girl he'd just been kissed by, she still had a great figure and the same emerald eyes were looking him over. Sure, there were a few lines on this woman's face now, but nothing extreme. He thought about his own McGonagall and how really, she had hardly changed a bit between now and his own time. The younger McGonagall grinned at her older self. "Well, I'm gunna age well!" she said with a smirk. "Say, Harry, am I still this good looking in another twenty years?" "Don't answer that," the elder witch commanded. "Trust me, I know, her ego needs no more help." Harry wasn't really paying much attention to the women as they chatted for a minute about, well, themselves, as he was busy thinking about the book on temporal law that he'd read after the experience with the timeturner and Hermione back in third year. "Oh!" he said suddenly, causing both women to jump. "I get it!" The elder McGonagall smiled at him. "Do share with the class, Harry," she said. "You have already experienced what she's experiencing now, so you already know how to send us home!" "Wow, that's just… odd to think about," the younger Minerva stated. "But it makes sense. Just like I am now, you met an older version of you when you were here. It's a loop!" "Quite," the elder agreed. "Now if you'd follow me, it really is prudent that you are seen by nobody else. It's lucky the person you already interacted with is so good at keeping secrets." "Already?" Harry asked, frowning as he thought about his parents, and Sirius and Remus. "Can't I just… see a few people? I don't have to talk to them… I just want to…" "I'm sorry, but you cannot," the Professor of this time said firmly. Harry wanted to be angry at her for not understanding, but she had no way of knowing that the kids she knew now, who would be his parents in a few years time, wouldn't live to see him grow up. As much as he wanted to just tell her , to somehow try and change her mind, he knew that he could not risk altering the timeline, and by telling her that much he'd be placing a burden on her shoulders she'd have to carry for years and years to come. That wasn't fair. It wasn't fair to him either, but he wasn't selfish enough to put that on McGonagall. He respected her far too much. A few minutes later, they arrived at the entry to the Room of Requirement. "Minerva, here's what you must do," the older McGonagall directed. It was simple, really. The Room of Requirement could bend space, Harry knew that, but apparently it could bend time as well. According to the older, Scottish woman, it was only able