This was my entry for the Doctorward Contest. It didn't win, but I really like DoctorStarWarsWard. . . . . . "What the hay, Emmett? It reeks in here." I walk out of my room to see my brother in his usual place - on my couch with his hand down his pants, eating chips like a young Al Bundy. "Does not." "Are you fermenting cheese between your toes? Put some shoes on. And not mine." "That was just that one time. It was raining and I needed to get my...er...stuff, out of the car." "Liar. About your 'stuff' and squeezing your Wookie feet into my shoes more than once." I wave my hand in front of my face. "That smell is going to be in my hair all day." Like he cares if I smell like carcass. My brother wiggles his toes which probably launches his foot fromage all over our coffee table. Well, my coffee table. He doesn't pay any rent, and he eats all my food. See, my little brother is somewhat of a ne'er-do-well. Okay. Let's get real. He's a total pot-head loser. But I love him. Just not his feet. "It's just a touch of athletes' foot. It's not contagious...much." He mutters the last part, which should have been a red flag. But I think I'm completely caught up in the smell and ignore it. "Athlete. Right," I scoff. "Is ball scratching now a sport?" He pats his growing beer belly. Probably so he doesn't grab said balls. "Hilarious. And you don't even notice the smell." I scoff. " You don't even notice it. It smells like when Han cut open the tauntaun in Empire to keep Luke warm." "Like you know what that smells like." "I do. It smells like your rotten feet. How does Rosalie stand to have you in her bed? She must be so thrilled to have time off from her five kids that even you'll do for a distraction." "Four kids," he corrects. I roll my eyes. Like four is so different. It's still a full minivan. "And she's distracted by my huge co-" "Emmett! I never want to hear you talk about your...thingie." My voice lowers to a whisper. "It's a cock, sis. Every man has one...though admittedly none as glorious as mine. How are you going to get one in you if you can't even say the word?" "I don't... need one of those in me." Emmett looks at me sadly. "Right. Only someone who's been without good dick would say that." "I've had...that before. Remember Jake?" Okay, "good" is a stretch, but Emmett doesn't need to know that my college boyfriend wasn't packing much in the penis department. Or that what he lacked in size was definitely not made up for in skill. But he did have a nice smile and an original Millenium Falcon in the box. Factory sealed. Sometimes he'd let me touch it - with gloves on, of course. I mean the Falcon. Not his penis. I don't recall touching that. But I probably would've worn gloves. Emmett interrupts my thoughts of Jake's little wang with a question. "Are off to your nerd party?" "It's later on. And it is not a nerd party," I retort. "It's an opportunity to stretch my creativity with a super cool role-playing game." "Bella...you're wearing a shirt with Darth Vader on it that says 'Sith Happens.' It doesn't get nerdier than that. At least wear the fucking Leia gold bikini if your are going to be a Star Wars geek. Then you could get some action." I gasp at the curse. He rolls his eyes, but he's used to my aversion to bad words. "The gold bikini is a cliche. And Dad gave me this shirt for my birthday." "Enablers. I totally blame both of them for your personality. Between Mom and her Duran Duran love and Dad and his Seinfeld obsession, I don't know how I'm related to this group of freaks. You're like their fan girl clone - just twenty years younger." "You're still mad we had to celebrate Festivus that one time. And I get plenty of...action." "Rolling those weird dice with those geezers doesn't count, sis. You're twenty-three, a teacher, attractive, according to my friends - because I'm not looking - and you should be getting laid. Sam said he'd do you." "Gross. Sam would do a blow up doll. And what makes you such an expert, huh? You're only getting Rosalie because you fixed her minivan for free. She's doing you for parts." I look around for my shoes. I know I left them somewhere. "Yeah. My parts make her scream," he says, nodding and grabbing his crotch. His smile is all smirky. "She's like forty. You're twenty-two." "Yeah, whatever. I'm surprised at you. You love old shit, and all your friends are our parents' age." "That's different. I'm not having intercourse with them." "It doesn't dry up and fall off when you get old. Mom and Dad are still getting busy." "Gag." "Older is they way to go. Lots of experience. Rose sure knows how to suck a di-" "Oh my gosh, Em," I interrupt. "Whu-ut? It's the truth. She'd be complimented by that. Her ex never appreciated her. I appreciate her all night long." He punctuates that statement with a roll of his hips. Aaaand - that's my cue to leave. "Hey, shove my shoes over this way. They're under the table. Ugh...don't touch them with your feet." "Too late," he mutters. "I sort of wore them to go outside." Oh, shiatsu. I have to burn those. They were my favorite Vans - Hello Kitty storm troopers. "You're such an ice hole. Bleach everything that you've touched with your funky feet." Emmett laughs and starts talking about Rosalie driving his "stick shift" again. That was unpleasant breakfast conversation. "You need to meet someone so you won't be so uptight...just saying. Rosie has a brother who is really into the newer Star Wars movies. He does a great Jar Jar Binks impression." I gasp, horrified. How dare he mention that abomination? "You really don't know me at all, do you? I need to leave." I flail about, grabbing my things, trying to rush out before he can again make reference to the worst character in movie history. As I'm flailing, I can see the glass case holding my mint condition Han Solo action figure falling from the shelf I just bumped into. I can't grab it, but I save the case from hitting the hard wood and splintering apart. With my foot. That is sporting a very non-protective flip flop because Emmett turned my Vans into a biohazard. "Mother trucker, that hurts!" . . . . . "Isabella Swan?" the nurse calls out. I limp over to the door that leads to the examining rooms. She smiles and leads me into the room, directing me to sit on the table. "Dr. Cullen will be right with you. "You are very lucky. He's the best." I thank her, and proceed to glance around the small room. I guess I was lucky that the podiatrist was in today and didn't have to come back another time. Though I'm not feeling so great about the throbbing in my toe. I'm probably going to miss my role-playing game night because I had to be a clutz. Maybe I'll be lucky and the doctor will just put a bandage on it and send me on my way. I don't have much time to think about it because the arrival of the doctor is announced with a sharp rap on the door. "Miss Swan?" he says, sweeping into the room. "I'm Dr. Cullen. How are you today?" I turn towards the voice that sounds like a young Liam Neeson. I'll try not to hold that against my doctor. I haven't forgiven Liam for being in that movie. "I understand that you injured your foot." I see green eyes, more verdant than the forest of Endor. Looking at me. Waiting. "I'm...er...Holy cow." The man is gorgeous. More beautiful than Harrison Ford in Raiders of the Lost Ark wearing his tweed jacket. Which is at the top of my hotness meter. He's got to be in his mid-thirties or so, because he doesn't look like a boy. Or even a guy. He's all man. You can tell by the way he fills out his dress shirt. And his pants. I need to take a picture of him for my mom. She'll never believe me. "Are you feeling pain, Miss Swan?" He moves closer, pointing to my foot. I blink. I try to get ahold of myself before he thinks I'm an idiot. But he must be used to women acting like idiots around him, what with the perfect face and a slight Irish accent. "I'm...fine, Doctor. Just dropped something on my foot." "May I?" he asks, reaching for my leg. "Oh, yes. Touch me wherever." My toe is no longer throbbing. That achy pounding is now somewhere else. He looks at me and clears his throat. It almost sounds like a snort. He begins his examination - I'm so glad I shaved and got that pedicure. He would be disgusted by me if I was hairier than an Ewok. His long, warm fingers touch the bottom of my foot and I start giggling. "Sorry. I'm ticklish." He smiles. It's devastating. "Is that Yoda on your toe?" "Yes." He rolls his seat a little closer as he touches my ankle. At this moment I wish the damned case had fallen on my upper thigh. "That's rather unusual for someone your age," he says, looking at my face. When he sees it fall at his comment he adds, "I like unusual." He gestures to my shirt. "Fan, too, I am." "Awesome," I whisper. I'm referring to his face. He thinks I mean his comment. Though his Yoda-speak is pretty awesome, too. We're looking at each other for a moment, studying, then he clears his throat. "So tell me what happened." "One of my er, collectables was falling, and I tried to stop it from breaking with my foot." "Your collectable? Did you save it?" "Yes, thank gosh. I wouldn't have been able to replace it." "What was it, may I ask?" "Umm...it was my Han Solo action figure," I reply, sheepishly. Most people laugh when I mention my collectables. "1978 version?" he asks, looking curious. "Yes." How does he know about this? "Large head?" "Of course. Though I do have both." "I have a large head, too." "Really? Do you take it out and play with it? I've never touched mine." "I handle mine often. I've been playing with it since I got it. It's more fun if you touch it." "I've always wanted to touch mine, but my parents told me not to. They said it would be more valuable to wait." "That's true," he replies, "But it's more fun to play with it." He laughs. "My mam always said I was a bit naughty." "Oh." I'm feeling warm all over. To think he is a fan and actually handled his Han. He is so hot. "Maybe someday I'll open it up and touch it." "You should. And I should get back to checking you out. I mean, your foot." He touches a particularly sore spot. "Ouch. That hurts like a biscuit." "Sorry. I had to check. So, based on your x-rays and my exam, it's a contusion. Not serious. Ice it, and take an over-the-counter pain-killer if necessary. You'll be free to take up your normal physical activity in a day or two." I snort. "I'm not very active." I swing my legs down off the exam table. "Really?" He sounds surprised. "Your body is so..." he looks me up and down, "fit." I feel his gaze travel over my tight t-shirt and shorts. I'm glad I'm not in costume right now. Fan or no fan, that might be a