a/n: I know the girl-Harry trope is overdone, but I thought this one might be a little bit unusual. I'm open to constructive criticism in terms of writing or grammar. This one's going to be pretty drawn out. IMPORTANT EDIT: A/N: I personally cannot fathom why anyone would do this, but PLEASE do not leave a review before you even read this. An unnamed guest reviewer decided to leave a comment before they even read, telling me that they hadn't read it yet, but that Aunt Petunia being loving towards Hyacinth/Harry because they were a girl instead of a boy was sexist. I'm going to say this now, for any new readers starting here, and it will be repeated at the beginning of Chapter 11 for those who have already been following the story, because that's what I'm about to upload currently. Alright, so even though I think it's very unwise to leave a review on a piece of work that you can clearly see has (at the time I'm writing this) about 40k words already, because there's a good chance if it's already THAT long, you can't be picking up enough to leave a valuable review just based off of the summary, I'm going to explain the whole Aunt Petunia flip thing: The reason Aunt Petunia is loving in this universe has NOTHING to do with Hyacinth's gender, and I was surprised anyone saw it that way, because it was never intended. This story is, in case it was unclear, built off of very many switches being flipped. None of the initial changes (or at least, very few of them) caused any of the others. The only cause-and-effect, in my opinion (I know stories go beyond their authors, but I think my intentions should count for something) is that because Vernon isn't present in the household, it's a warmer and more loving environment. Being a single mother, and obviously being possessed of more sense in this AU, Petunia doesn't spoil her child to the same extent as she does in canon, or at least not so disproportionately -I have tried my very best to make her seem somewhat reminiscent of canon, while removing all of her most toxic aspects -and if you get to the chapter where she talks about Snape, you'll see what I've done with her relationship with her sister, which is another reason why she's more loving towards Hyacinth. I get that Vernon wasn't the only reason she was cruel to Harry in canon, but that's why this is an AU. And I'm asking you to trust that this is complicated enough to have multiple things going on at once, meaning that not EVERYTHING is connected to everything else. There are a lot of threads running in this story that I felt were necessary to tell the story I envisioned. As always, you're welcome to your opinion, but if you're already here you might as well give it a chance before you criticize. I'm sorry this was so long (I'm really not one for Author's Notes that are quite so extensive), please enjoy the story, and if you still have questions or concerns about Aunt Petunia's character in this universe, please bear with me til Chapter 11, where I can go more in detail without spoiling anything for the new readers. Hyacinth Potter had her mother's eyes, but her father's eyesight. As such, she found herself in the optometrist's office, directed into a chair while the measurements of her eyes were taken. Her aunt sat in the guest's chair, watching with a reassuring smile. Hyacinth wasn't afraid of doctors, per se, she just wasn't fond of them, and so Aunt Petunia flashed her comforting smiles every so often to keep her subdued from running every time the doctor neared her eyeball. When she was done, she had a new pair of round, black spectacles that Aunt Petunia said complemented her very nicely. "Now," said Aunt Petunia brightly as she started the car, "How about we go down to the bakery and see about ordering your birthday cake?" "That sounds fun," answered Hyacinth, considerably cheered after having faced the horrid eye monster. Her aunt smiled, and truly Hyacinth was consoled, but . . . there was something about the way Aunt Petunia constantly tried to keep Hyacinth happy that was distinctly sad. For now, though, she decided to leave that unpleasant thread alone and imagine what sort of flavor and colors she would like for her cake. "After all," her aunt always said, "birthdays only come once a year, and they're very very special." She also, of course, said this about things like Christmas, and Halloween, and even Easter, ignoring the fact that she was not an overly or even particularly religious woman. It was a concerted effort on Aunt Petunia's part to make her house a constantly cheerful one, or at the very least, never a distraught one. Hyacinth noticed the trail of her thoughts again, and steered them distinctly towards places like chocolate or banana and red or blue or purple or green or yellow or orange or pink. She had a harder time deciding between colors than flavors, and so when they arrived at the cake shop entitled "Mrs. Morales's", she ordered "A banana cake with . . . um . . ." Mrs. Morales's daughter, Natalie, smiled with polite impatience. "How about orange icing, dear, you've not had that color before?" "Okay," said Hyacinth, having realized that orange was in fact one of the few colors she'd not had before, considering that they'd all been pink or purple up until she was around five, and old enough to really care what color cake she had. Since then, she had a tendency to go for red or blue, but had also tried yellow. That left (barring the unthinkable -a mostly white cake) green and orange. Natalie showed her a nice shade of orange that resembled peach more than anything, and Hyacinth nodded appreciatively, which Aunt Petunia took as her cue to finalize the order for next week, the 31st of July, the date of Hyacinth's eleventh birthday. Petunia Evans had one child of her own, and he was waiting at home when they returned. His name was originally supposed to be Dudley, but according to Aunt Petunia, as well as their maternal grandparents, the story went that "Dudley" was a name chosen by Vernon Dursley, her ex-husband and father to her only child, and it had displayed to Petunia an unforgivable defect in Vernon's personal judgment, and so she'd cleverly arranged for him to be sent away for some refreshments by her mother at the exact moment that she would be completing the birth certificate and swapped it out with her son's true name, which would be Duncan. Duncan Evans-Dursley was the result, because Aunt Petunia had also had the wicked foresight to imagine cruel children calling him something along the lines of "double D" and decided to give him an intermediary last name. Of course, when he'd returned and discovered the trickery, it had been only the first of many disagreements resulting in their divorce before Duncan or Hyacinth had reached the age of three. "How'd the eye doctor go, Hya?" asked Duncan, snickering as he laid on the floor of the living room, building an elaborate Lego tower. *Shut up," she replied, kicking him very gently on the side as she walked past. "We went and ordered my birthday cake." "What kind?" he asked as he joined another white Lego to the tower. "Banana." "Yuck. What color icing?" "Orange, writing will be white." "Eh. Orange isn't a bad color." "It's really more like peach," she informed him as she sat beside him and began helping add white Legos to Duncan's grand Lego tower, which would eventually join the others and help form his grand Lego castle. "What do you think you're getting?" inquired her cousin. Hyacinth shrugged. "Dunno. She usually finds something pretty cool and interesting." "Yeah. Suppose it's a puppy." "Wishful thinking, but you know no animals bigger than what can live inside a cage or a tank. That's the whole reason you got the aquarium last year." Duncan's eyes flickered upstairs, to his room in which was his prized possession: an enormous fishtank, inhabited by all kinds of beautiful fish, as well as some small frogs and snails. It had been his gift for his tenth birthday (because Aunt Petunia believed there were several very important birthdays, and the tenth birthday was one of them, and as a result they were each allowed to ask for something quite large and reasonably expensive). Hyacinth's gift had been a brand new violin, all shimmering strings and sleek dark wood, with a lovely case and a new rosin to match. She'd been taking lessons from one of the neighborhood ladies for as long as she could remember, and her aunt had bought her a gently used one several years ago. "Do you know," offered Duncan quietly, "my dad bought me about thirty-six gifts last year? Most of them were things I hadn't wanted, and never asked for. He was so pleased with himself, and I don't mean to sound ungrateful but . . . sometimes it seems like he thinks he can buy my love." Hyacinth wasn't sure what to say to that. It wasn't really the same as what Aunt Petunia did, Aunt Petunia had different intentions. She merely twisted her lips, and let him ramble on a bit further about how weird his dad was as they made further progress on the tower, and Aunt Petunia prepared supper in the kitchen. Clack clack clack, came the sound of three sudden and sharp knocks on the front door. Immediately, Duncan and Hyacinth both shot up, elbowing each other in a ruthless dash to the door (which was only about five feet away from where they'd been sitting on the floor). "I'll get it!" they screamed overtop one another as they shoved, trying to be the first to grab the door handle, when - aha, Hyacinth had it, and by rights, Duncan had to step back so she could politely answer the Guest. Except that, when she did open the door, she was quite taken by surprise with what she saw. A tall, austere woman with black hair tied into a strict bun. She wore a long, emerald-colored dress, which looked more fit for a castle in a century or two prior, than it looked for a hot July day in England. "Hello," said the woman, "I am looking for the family of a Miss Hyacinth E. Potter." "Well, I'm Hyacinth." Duncan giggled behind her quietly. "Ah, very good, then may I speak with your aunt?" "Uh, sure," said Hyacinth, any sense of courtesy flying out the window by the strangeness of this visitor. She ran into the kitchen, because Aunt Petunia didn't like shouting in front of guests, even if it was only because you needed to contact someone from a different room of the house. Duncan stood watch at the door. "Aunt Petunia, there's a woman here, I've never met her before but she says she's looking for the family of me and asked if she could speak to you." Lips pressed into a line, but without any hint of surprise, Aunt Petunia detached herself from breading the chicken, and said "Why don't you and Duncan take the Lego's upstairs for now, hm?" And, because they couldn't deny her, they gathered the little plastic bricks, with Duncan carrying the entire tower carefully in one hand, and retreated upstairs to Duncan's bedroom. "What do you think that's about?" asked Duncan, brimming with curiosity. Well, reasoned Hyacinth, they could sneak to the top of the steps and listen in, but that risked consequences if they were discovered, and they might be heard walking through the hall to get to the stairway. "Okay," said Duncan, "this is what we'll do. We'll both walk over,