Author's Note s: Names- Legolas- greenleaf Thranduilion- son of Thranduil Ithilidan- silver moon Doronlas- oak leaf Celebren- silver like Order - Legolas- leads the king's archers Celebren- leads the genral army Ithilidan & Doronlas- Ithilidan is a healer and Doronlas is the lord of a northern settlement Appearances - Thrnaduil- blond hair, blue eyes Legolas- blond hair, blue eyes Celebren- blond, sea-green eyes Ithilidan- blond, silver eyes Doronlas- black hair, silver eyes This fanfic has no attachment to Missing You or When You're Not Here, thus in this Legolas is the eldest, not merried and has no son. LOTR belongs entierly to J.R.R. Tolkin. Ithilidan, Doronlas and Celebren are my oroginal characters. Heading fast toward the southern borders of Mirkwood, riding up from northern Gondor, seven riders made their way toward the elvish kingdom. In the front rode a Man claoked in the garb of a Ranger mounted on a fine brown stallion that carried him swiftly ahead of the others. Behind him rode a blond elf upon a dappled grey stallion with a red-bearded dwarf perched behind him and holding on for dear life. Flanking the elf were four Hobbits perched upon sturdy ponies that managed to keep pace with the elf and Man. "We're nearing the border" Legolas called ahead to Aragorn. "I can see the trees from here." "That is good to hear Legolas" Aragorn replied, reining Brego to close the gap between himself and Legolas's mount. "We'll reach Mirkwood's eves by nightfall." "Will it be safe?" Pippin asked from where he rode on Legolas' left. "You told us there were orcs and spiders in Mirkwood, didn't you?" "There were" Legolas confirmed. "I don't know if they linger after Sauron's downfall but I'll keep first watch if it will make you feel better." All four Hobbits seemed to relax a little making the elvish prince smile. Even after all they'd faced the Hobbits still feared the things that went bump in the night. Still, it was good to know that this particular visit to Legolas' home was not because of orcs or Sauron and Sarumon. No, this time they were bound for Mirkwood bearing an invitiation to the royal family to journey to Gondor in a month's time to witness the marrige of Aragorn and Arwen. Legolas had offered to take the invitation alone but Aragorn had insisted it would be good for him to keep on Thranduil's good side and invite him personally. The others had followed thusly, Gimli trailing behind Legolas like a determined hound and the Hobbits following Strider like loyal pups. The group rode in silence for a time, the drumming of horse hooves on the ground the only sign of their passing. True to Aragorn's word, the towering trees of Mirkwood became visible to them all as night began to reach them. A few yards from the trees, the company slowed their mounts and dismounted. Aragorn and Gimli set about scouting and hunting while the Hobbits gathered up a fire. Legolas led the horses and ponies to a nearby stream and tethered them to a young tree, stroking the trunk of it wistfully as he left the horses to graze and rest. When he returned to the others, Aragorn and Gimli returned with rabbits enough to feed them all, Sam setting about cooking up mushrooms and gathered roots and herbs. Legolas helped Frodo skin and clean the rabbits before handing them off to Sam's capable culinary hands. Gimli, Pippin and Merry unpacked the bedrolls and set them out while Aragorn went to the stream to fill their waterskins. "How does it feel Legolas?" Merry asked, startling the elf from his deep thoughts. Looking over at the Hobbit, Legolas raised a brow. "How does what feel Merry?" "Being home" Merry clarified. Gimli and the other Hobbits all glanced at Legolas curiously. Though they had seen him surrounded by three other elves at Elrond's Council so many months ago, they had since then not thought of him as a prince, but rather as a warrior. Now as they neared Mirkwood's border, not but fifty yards away, they couldn't help but remember that he was not only a prince but a crown prince and an elf that had spent centuries within Mirkwood and would miss it the most. Legolas smiled and looked fondly toward the dark trees. "It feels good. The shadow is lifted from this place and the trees sing. Elves have been here recently now that the darkness has fled and the trees thrive because of it." In the distance the Hobbits and dwarf could hear the trees rattling their leaves, the wind blowing toward the remainder of the Fellowship, as if welcoming the elven prince. "Well it is good to know you will soon be home my friend" Aragorn said as he came back into the circle of firelight with the filled waterskins. "It has been a long war for all of us, it will be good when things settle down again." "Aye it will" Gimli growled in agreement. "No more flighty elves shooting arrows at my head, just me and my mines." Legolas rolled his eyes. "Gimli my friend there was an orc behind you with his scimitar raised. Would you wish that I had stayed my hand and not shot?" Growling something in dwarvish, Gimli didn't reply but instead took his food from Sam. The others, chuckling in amusement at the strange friendship of dwarf and elf, also took their meals from Sam and fell into the quiet rhythms of the night. Shortly after the meal was finished and the dinner things packed away again, the Hobbits settled down to sleep. Aragorn sat against a low boulder smoking his pipe with Gimli while Legolas kept downwind of the pair watching the stars. It wasn't long before Legolas heard Aragorn moving over to his bedroll and lay down shortly followed by Gimli. When the pair had fallen asleep, Legolas remained awake watching the stars and trying to calm his mind and call forth elven sleep. He had promised to keep watch over the Hobbits but Legolas was confident they were safe within the shadows of Mirkwood's ancient guardians. The spiders were gone, the orcs fled into the mountains north of Mirkwood and no sounds but Gimli's snores to disrrup the peace. Still however, Legolas could not let his mind slip away. He was so close to Mirkwood, the trees calling out to him and the promise of his brothers and father not but a bit within the trees. Rising silently, Legolas swept his gaze around the campsite. Aragorn was laying sprawled on his back not far from Frodo and Sam, Gimli snoring next to a boulder to Aragorn's left. To Legolas's right, Merry and Pippin were fast asleep and showed no sign of noticing the elf's movement. Glancing around the darkness again, the prince set out toward the trees. Within moments he was at the first of the Mirkwood trees. Reaching out he stroked the rough bark and felt the tree's happiness coursing through him. The leaves whispered to him in the night, telling him of all he had missed and how much all the trees had missed him. Legolas smiled and sprang lightly up into the branches, feeling them hold his weight and cradle him as he settled with his back against the trunk. As Mirkwood's crown prince he had more of an affinity with the Mirkwood trees and had missed their protective presence while he had traveled the plains of Rohan and the stony slopes of the Misty Mountains. Content once more, Legolas dropped off into an elven sleep knowing Aragorn would know where to find him when morning came. The next morning it was barely dawn when Merry rose. Though such early rising was odd for a Hobbit, Merry felt that something wasn't quite right. Blinking sleepily, the curly-haired Hobbit looked around the campsite. Gimli was still snoring nearby, Pippin dead asleep beside him. Across the embers of last night's fire Merry saw Aragorn, Frodo and Sam. All was as it should be...Wait... Merry's eyes flew open and he yelped in surprise. Where was Legolas? "Legolas?" It was like he was asking the wind for all the reply he got. Scrambling up out of his nest of blankets, Merry headed for the stream where Arod, Brego and the Hobbits' four ponies were tethered. Big brown horse eyes looked back at him as he scampered up to the waiting equines. His pony, Jink, blinked peacefully at him as Merry patted the pony's muzzle. "Have you all seen Legolas?" Merry asked the horses. Not even a snort for an answer. Frowning, Merry returned to the campsite and headed over to Strider. Shaking the man's shoulder, Merry attempted to rouse the King of Gondor. "Strider wake up" Merry hissed. Aragorn ignored him and continued to sleep. "Aragorn!" No reply. "Legolas is missing!" Aragorn sat up so fast the king's head collided with Merry's making them both yelp and recoil. Merry fell over backwards, nearly sitting on Frodo, thus scaring the other Hobbits awake with their noise. Gimli's snores stopped short as the dwarf was roused. Merry rubbed his head and looked over at Aragorn whom was letting out a colorful stream of elvish curses and rubbing his head. "What's all the commotion?" Gimli demanded sleepily, his beard such a mess it almost hid his whole face as he looked at the Hobbits and Man. "Legolas is missing!" Merry exclaimed in exasperation. "I heard" Aragorn commented dryly. "He's not missing. I know right where he is." "Where then?" Pippin asked, looking around and finding his cousin was right about Legolas being gone. "In the trees" Aragorn said, waving a hand toward the Mirkwood forest. "Did you think he'd spend a night a stone throw away from his beloved trees and not go to them?" Merry blushed and shuffled his feet while Frodo and Pippin chuckled. Aragorn started rolling up his bed and Gimli growled in obvious displeasure at the early hour. "That dratted elf, causing so much trouble without even being around..." "Well the sooner we get to the court of King Thranduil the sooner Legolas will get what's coming to him" Aragorn said briskly as Sam started digging in the packs and passing out fruit for their breakfast. "What do you mean by that Strider?" Sam asked. "You'll see my friends, you'll see." The camp was packed up and together the companions set off toward Mirkwood. Aragorn took the lead at a lazy walk, holding Arod's reins since Gimli blatently refused to be responsible for the beast. Behind Gimli trailed the Hobbits on their ponies. As they reached the forest, Aragorn stopped and looked up at a tree. "Teli dad mellon nin" Aragorn called up the tree. [Come down my friend.] In a flash with barely a whisper of sound, Legolas appeared standing in front of Brego, appearing to have jumped from the branches of the tree. Brego snorted and the ponies shied a little but Arod stepped forward and bumped his muzzle against Legolas' chest in a typical horse greeting. Legolas smiled and stroked the horse's muzzle, swinging up onto Arod's back in front of Gimli with elven ease. "You spent all night in a tree?" Sam asked incredulously. He had heard from Strider about the wood elf's tendency to sleep near trees but to a Hobbit sleeping in a tree was very unwelcome. "Aye, I did" Legolas confirmed as Aragorn, smiling in amusement led them forward again. "The trees were very welcoming and much quieter then trying to sleep with Gimli snoring not three feet away." Gimli humphed and aimed a glare at the elf's back but Legolas calmly ignored it. With the Hobbits shaking their heads, the company continued into the forest. The trees were dense and shadowy, occasionally making the horses shy or falter. An elven word from Aragorn or Legolas soothed the uneasy ponies while neither Brego or Arod needed a word but simply trusted their