Chapter One Port Hope Ronald Weasley came awake as the traveling coach came to a stop. He had been dozing a little shortly after the boy of the widowed mother seated across from him did. Earlier in the journey he had been entertaining the boy with stories about his so far in the Avalon Air Fleet, most of which he either exaggerated or made up. After the boy had fallen asleep the widow had told him she and her son were traveling to her sister's home in Camelot with just enough money for the trip since she could no longer live in the countryside after the death of her husband. She had also told him that her son had dreams of joining the Air Fleet and had been to buy him an airship toy but never having the money. As Ron felt the footman stepping down from the carriage he reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a handful of coins. "Here," he pressed them into the widow's hands, "Buy one of those airship toys the first chance you get. Don't worry about paying me back, for I doubt we will meet again. Tell him it was gift from me." "Oh, sir!" the widow gasped and her eyes watered, "I don't know what to say!" "A simple thanks will do," he smiled. "Thank you very much, sir," the widow beamed at him, "I will pray for your safety." Ron tipped his hat to her as the coach door opened and he stepped out. He took a moment to stretch after sitting for so long time and the coach rolled away. His body registered the cold and he tightened his great coat. Avalon was entering the first month of spring; The sun was out with very little clouds yet it was still morning. Taking a deep breath of fresh air, he looked up at the sign that said: Air Fleet Headquarters . A little over a week ago he had received orders from the Grandmasters, stating that he been promoted to Magus and was to report to Headquarters immediately to become the new commanding officer of the airship Excalibur . Arthur had wasted no time preparing for the journey since it would be his first jet engine airship after serving over a decade on propeller ones. And best of all, the Excalibur was the latest of the Marie-class airship. Making sure his sword and wand were in place under his coat, Ron made his way inside. The warmth inside the large building was welcoming and he immediately took off his great coat, revealing his navy blue and white uniform. After checking to see if there any mud on his polished boots he walked over to the reception desk and removed his wide-brimmed pointed hat. A young Novice was seated there going through a stack of papers. She was so focused on her task she didn't even notice him being there. Ron cleared his throat and she finally looked up at him, her eyes flashing and her mouth opening as though to scold him. Then she gasped and snapped her mouth shut when she his rank and for a brief instant turned pale as she realized she was about to scold a superior officer. Ron bit back a smile and kept the impatient look on his face. Then the girl took a closer look at him and she blushed furiously. His amusement quickly turned into irritation. Even to this day he'd never been able to figure just why ladies were so attracted to him. He was tall and well built, but lanky. His red hair was unruly and unkempt, his blue eyes were soft and almost baby like, and his face still had a boyish look to it. He was far from being the most handsomest man in the world even after just turning the age of eight and twenty. "Magus Ronald Weasley," he said impatiently, "Reporting here as ordered." "Uh…" he could almost hear the gears working in the girl's mind, "Oh! Yes! Mister Weasley! I was told that you would arrive. Please wait one moment!" The girl snapped over to a voice tube and spoke into it, most likely speaking with the Grandmasters upstairs. A moment later she received a response. "Direct him to the mess hall," a male voice said, "The Excalibur 's pilot should be there. If not, have him report back to the front and await further instructions." "Aye, sir," the girl closed the valve and turned back to the Magus. "I heard everything," said Ron, "Where can I find the mess hall?" The girl pointed to his left, "Right over there, sir. It will be to your right once you down the hall. The docks are also right behind it. Mister Finnigan, the ship's pilot, was told to wait there for you and to take you directly to the Excalibur once you arrived. Grandmaster McGonagall will meet you onboard once she is finished with her meeting." "Very good," he nodded, "Thank you." The mess hall was fairly large, simple, yet majestic. A bar stood in front a series of large windows that looked out over the sea. A spiraling staircase led to where propeller powered jolly airboats were stationed. Arthur went over to the bar and ordered a glass of wine. "Is Mister Finnigan here?" he asked. "Yes, sir," the bartender pointed behind him, "He's right there finishing up his breakfast." Ron turned and saw a young man seated at table finishing his meal while reading a news article at the same time, his hat lying on the table. Thanking the bartender, his took his glass of wine and walked over to the table. As he approached, he noticed the pilot glancing up at the entrance of the mess hall and then checking his watch. Arthur grinned in amusement seeing that the pilot had just missed his entrance. "Mister Finnigan?" he said when he stood in front of the officer. "Yes?" the young man looked up-then jumped his feet when he saw Ron's rank, almost knocking over the table, "Magus Weasley! Forgive me! I did not-" "At ease, Magician," Ron raised a hand and waved at the officer's chair, "Sit down and finished your breakfast. We can leave afterward." "Uh… aye, sir. Thank you, sir," before he sat, the pilot held out his hand, "Seamus Finnigan, sir. First Magician and Ship's Pilot of the Excalibur ." Ron shook Finnigan's hand and took a moment to study him. The man was in his mid-twenties with brown hair and eyes a similar blue like his own. He was also almost a head shorter than Arthur and reasonable handsome. His Illani heritage rang clear in his voice due to the distinctive burr in his tongue. "How long have you been a pilot, Finnigan?" he asked after they sat down and he sipped his wine. "Almost fourteen years now," the pilot said happily, "When I was twelve I went with my father, a cargo ship captain, on a voyage. He and his pilot taught me how to operate the ship and I soon developed a natural knack for it as I grew older. One time we got caught in a violent and our pilot got badly injured. I took over and was able to save the ship. Afterwards my father pushed me into joining the Air Fleet, saying that it was the best place for my skills. I took his advice… and here I am. I was piloting the Constellation -class airship Journey until now." "Ah, yes," Ron smiled, "I was First Magician aboard the original Excalibur , also a Constellation-class ship." "Were you? That's fantastic! The old Constellation ships were quite something in their prime. It's a shame they're being phased out now. But I am excited though. The Excalibur is my first jet engine airship. Or I would be if the lady wasn't having problems." Ron frowned, "What problems?" "Engine problems, sir," Finnigan sighed, "The Excalibur is the first of the Marie -class to have a new type of jet engine. However, they didn't seem to have tested them properly before putting them on the ship. We were suppose to have done our shakedown trials but we've been delayed twice already. The first time two of the engines malfunction and we had to return to port. The second time one of the engines caught fire and did considerable damage to the ship. The other engines were damaged and we had to be towed back. Some of the crew have started calling the ship bad luck and have submitting letters of transferring to another ship. Our previous commanding officer was transferred after the second incident and the crew want to follow, but the Grandmasters haven't approved of them. Officers they can replace, but the crew are a different matter." Ron nodded his head, understanding the situation. He had been told through his orders that the Excalibur had been experiencing problems, but he didn't know just how serious those problems were. "Who was your previous commanding officer?" he asked next. "Draco Malfloy." Ron blinked, surprised, "As in Draco Lucius Malfloy? Baron Malfloy's son?" "The very one," Finnigan looked at him, "Do you know him?" "A little. He and I were at the academy together." "Ah, then you're probably aware of the pressure he gets from his father." "Yes, he did mention that to me once. He's a capable officer but he much too focused of what his father expects of him. Expectations that are just too high for him to meet." "Indeed," Finnigan agreed, "Some of us were sorry to see him go, seeing that the incidents were none of his doing. But his father has major influence among the Grandmasters. He may be better off now." "Hmm," Ron finished his wine as the pilot finished the remains of his breakfast and stood, "Shall we go then?" "Yes, sir," Finnigan picked up his hat and followed Ron up the stairs. "Who's acting as first officer now?" "Conjurer Neville Longbottom, you'll be meeting him shortly." Ron stopped and looked at him, " Conjurer ?" Normally it was Sorcerers who placed as the first officers on ship-of-the-lines. "He's also our Magic and Science Officer. Our first officer was transferred along with Magus Malfloy and the Grandmasters ordered Mister Longbottom to take over the position until they can find a replacement." "I see." The two officers stepped out onto the dock where several floating propeller jolly boats were tied. "Step right in, Magus," said Finnigan as he signaled the two dock hands to releases the rope from the dock. "My personal belongings?" Ron asked as he eased into the boat, remembering that he had sent them the day before. "Already onboard, sir," Finnigan hoped into the boat and slid into the pilot's seat, "They arrived last evening." "Good," Ron settled into his seat. "I'll have you there in a jiffy, sir," Finnigan grinned and flipped on the power switch. The single engine sputtered to life. Ron looked up to the floating island of Port Hope, just a mile away, where the Avalon Airships were built and stationed. He smiled as he remembered the time as a boy he would fly on his broom over here early in the morning before school and he would sit and watch the airships being built, dreaming of the day that he would be on one and would one day command one. Those were the days before the creation of the jet engine. "Take your time," he ordered, "I like to see the docks again as I did when I was a child." Finnigan laughed, "As did we all, sir." As the engine warmed up he lifted a finger to the MCM, Magic Communication Mirror, and drew a pattern on its surface. Each Avalon airship had its own drawing pattern for the MCM to help identify it and to communicate with a certain ship without interfering with another. All officers and crew aboard ship were required to