Hi! If you're reading this I'm thankful for you reading my story! So far there's only this chapter- so let's see how things go! Bearing in mind that this if my first fanfiction ever , so if there are some mistakes or things that don't quite make sence, then I'm really sorry :) As for Finnick's POV, I've wanted to do something around his early life, and I figured his first reaping would be a good way to start. Oh! And he meets Annie for the first time! :D Thanks for reading, and I own none of the later plot lines and Finnick and Annie's charecters or The Hunger Games itself- all my credit goes to Suzanne :D Enjoy! :) Chapter one He lay awake in the middle of the night, listening to his breathing slow gradually. The dream stained his mind, bright and powerful. His eyes traced around his tiny room to the window. It was open, a cool summer breeze wafting up the powder blue curtains. Outside he could hear the waves crashing against the shore. He could imagine them spraying up against the impact, and then come billowing down. The town was quiet, as it usually was. He sat up gradually and walked sleepily over to the window. The moonlight dappled the roofs of the houses as they slid down to the shore. The fishing village was on a hill, and with his house near the top, he could see the town splayed out in front of him. The moon was full, and sat eerily in the empyrean. It took a minute for his eyes to adjust to the sky, and then he could see the stars. He knew the cosmos well, after spending cold nights studying the bright spheres in the atmosphere. He placed his hands on the wooden window sill and sighed, feeling the breeze against his hot cheeks. His dream was the same every time, he was always running from something he couldn't see, an always- always - before he woke up a girl screamed. He raked his hand through his unruly bronze hair and watched the moonlight on the calmer waves. After his legs became stiff he sat down on his small bed, and laid back, hands behind his head. His breathing was regular now, and he settled down to a dreamless sleep. He woke up to the sound of shouting downstairs and groaned, thrusting his thin pillow over his face. He knew his father was arguing with his mother, and he couldn't help the fact. He stood up too quickly then, and had to sit down again for a while. After he had got dressed he grabbed his backpack and made his way down the stairs. His house was made of wood, bleached and white washed. Little trinkets and paintings hung up on the walls as he made his way to the kitchen. He grabbed a piece of freshly cut bread and sighed. His mother and father were still shouting at each other in the living room- arguing about something ridiculous. They would always make up afterwards, so there was really no point in standing in. He found a cut off piece of blue paper and scribbled on it to tell them where he was going. He then walked out the back door and made his way down the steep flight of stone steps to the garden. It was in full bloom, red, pink and violet flowers all mingled together through the long grass. He guessed his father would tell him to cut it sometime, and he didn't mind. The huge oak tree at the back of the round garden stood tall, his old tree house- mainly just bits of odd planks spare from his father's work- sat crumpled on the branches. He would sometimes climb all the way up there and perch on it and watched the world go by from his secret hide out. He turned away from the sunlit garden to the path that led to the front of the house. Husbands and fathers were making their way down to the harbour, and he knew it must be early. He chewed on the salty bread as he walked away from the sea of people, down the sunny path over ridden with weeds that pushed up through the concrete. Trees with the greenest leaves hung over his head as he walked down the thin path. Today was a Saturday, and he did what he always did on a Saturday, he helped his father at work. Since he was arguing with his mother, the boy decided to walk down the not-so-crowded lane to his father's boat. His father was the captain of the old fishing company, and his grandfather had signed over to the Capitol fishing company to make more money and have a better life. They used to work for District four alone, but since his grandfathers decision they worked for the Capitol, providing for them. The boy emerged from the path way to the steep walk down a small cliff face to the tiny harbour where the little boat dipped up and down on the calm waves. Seagulls flew over his head and squawked loudly, but he was used to them. He got to the wooden harbour and hopped onto the boat. It was blue and faded white, with the words 'Sea Sailor' written in bold blue curly writing along the side. He smelt the strong stench of fish as he clambered on deck, he shrugged off his backpack which thumped on the wooden floor, and he crossed over to the other side of the boat to collect the fishing nets from the box. He laid them out carefully, feeling the rugged rope tug at his fingers. His stomach rumbled then, and he cursed himself for not eating a decent breakfast. He wondered into the cabin at the back of the boat and flipped the switches on. Lights turned on immediately and he felt the power engine under his toes. Inside the cabin it was warm, too warm. He opened up the windows inside and felt the sea air breathe into the room. Then he walked to the back room- a tiny kitchen- and searched for something to end his hunger. He opened up the cupboards and found a jar of sun-dried tomatoes in marinade and a stump of bread from two days before. He set out from the cabin and sat down next to the nets, feeling the warm sun on his arms and legs. He forced the jar open and laid two tomatoes on the hard bread. It was salty and seedy, and that was just how he liked it. Suddenly he felt the boat dip again and realised that his father must have joined him finally. "Morning Finnick," He heard behind him, and the young boy turned around and brushed off the crumbs on his t-shirt. His father hoisted up the flag with the Panem symbol on it- as they were accustomed to do- onto the flag pole and pulled at the rope until the flag was waving at the top. His father looked down, and smiled broadly, his sea-green eyes glinting merrily. "You're up early, thought I'd have to come and wake you up." His father told him, stroking his beard. Finnick got up quickly, as if reporting to duty. His father smiled again, and glanced downwards towards the tomato jar. "I was hungry..." Finnick said hurriedly. However, Mr. Odair just smiled and patted his sons shoulder. "You should have asked your mother to cook you a decent meal, son. You need to pack more muscle in!" His father exclaimed, shoving Finnick's shoulder as he bent down and picked up the jar, and walked back into the cabin to replace it. Finnick was just sorting out the crabbing cages when his father came back. The older man beamed when he saw the ready nets, and then picked them up without another thought, swinging two huge nets onto his shoulder as he linked them onto the rail. Finnick twisted strange and complicated knots while his father attached the crabbing cages to a long piece of thick rope, with a bright yellow buoy at the end. He and his father lunged the traps off the side of the boat, in hopes to collect them later, filled with game. Finnick stood at the front of the boat, on the sliver of an edge and holding onto the flag pole, as his father started the engine. They revved into the distance, leaving district four- and Panem- behind them. It was late morning when they had stopped, piling the nets onto the deck. Hundreds of fish and shrimp flopped up and down helplessly under the net. Finnick's father whooped when he saw a particularly large one, and beamed down at his son. "Biggest tuna I've seen for a while. I promised the mayor that he could have the big ones, you know how he is." The older man told his son, and he threw the huge tuna into a barrel and closed the lid. They tried to sort out the fish rather quickly, seagulls already swarming around them. His father had a resolution though about 10 minutes in, after being battered by the birds. He rounded off the cabin and Finnick heard him click a switch, and then nothing. All the gulls flew immediately away, and then Mr. Odair reappeared, beaming once more. "I had almost forgotten about it, the Capitol gave us some new equipment, a siren to keep the birds away. We can't hear it, though." Said the man, and resumed to sorting out the fish and shrimp. After, they sat on the ledge of the boat, eating sandwiches that his father had brought for them. The green bread was salty from the seaweed, and, as a special treat, it had thin slivers off pink salmon between the pieces of bread. Finnick knew why, and he didn't want to admit it. But his father did. "To the reaping!" He exclaimed, thrusting his drink of water into the air. Finnick joined him, rather sheepishly. His father noticed and looked down at him, an unmistakable look of questioning upon his aged face. "What's wrong son?" "I don't know." Finnick replied, looking down to the waves that tickled his toes. "I guess it's because it's my first one." Finnick admitted. "Ah. I remember my first, I was like you, scared out of my wits." The man said, and sighed. "Don't worry, your name is only in once, I made sure." Finnick heaved a breath. "It's just that people at school, in my class, said they'd volunteer." "They all say that, Finn. They are just scared too, but they put a brave face on." Mr. Odair told him. And Finnick believed him, like he always did. Finnick knew people would volunteer to be tributes; they were the brave and admired people. He just thought it was downright clumsy, stupid. They'd want to risk their lives just for the entertainment of the Capitol? It was ridiculous. Later they reared the boat around, since Finnick had to be in the town square at precisely two o'clock that very day. They got back to the small harbour with ease, and Finnick- with the help of his father- pulled in the crab traps. They had a bountiful harvest, and then the boat was speeding down to the mariner to drop off the food. His father's fishing company was a highly respected organisation. Their fish were someone the ones people most favoured, the wealthiest people in the district –and of course the Capitol- brought the fish at a hefty price. Finnick didn't know why, maybe it was because they caught their fish by handmade nets and traps, not like the big fishing joints that used monstrous machinery. The little boat looked defiantly out of place, like it always did, at the huge mariner. Steel ships that gobbled up the sea bed were seven times the size of