"I want a story." Lily Potter sighed, halfway out the door of her son's room. "Mummy is tired," she said. "Can you sleep on your own, Harry?" "I want a story." With another sigh (how could she resist those large green eyes, so like hers?) Lily returned to her son's side and sank onto the bed beside him. "Very well," she said. "What would you like to hear?" Harry thought for a moment, his eyes screwed up in concentration. "Something with magic in it." Lily smiled at that. "Magic?" she asked. "Like magic carpets and curses?" The little boy nodded solemnly. Lily rolled up the sleeves of her thin robe dramatically. "Have I ever told you how your father and I met?" Harry shook his head, settling back onto his pillows expectantly. "It was many years ago," she said, "though quite recently. It was in a far-off land, but it was right here. It was full of contradictions, but it was delightfully simple. Do you understand?" "No," Harry said. "But I don't care." So Lily began. James Potter was born the wealthy son of a wealthier merchant, and he hated every second of it. He grew up in a house that felt like a palace, but without any of the power that came with one. He had three friends he loved dearly, so he spent every waking second in their company. One day, under the baking sun, the four friends sat in the shade near the harbor and stared out at the ships that came and went. The ships slid through the cool water to the horizon, and each boy found himself wishing he were on one. The white sails and shining decks were dreams, edging just slightly out of grasp with each swell of the waves. "Can you imagine the freedom?" James said wistfully. "Can you imagine the adventures?" Sirius said hopefully. "Can you imagine the sights?" Remus said eagerly. "Can you imagine the riches?" Peter said jokingly. The four looked at each other, then once more at James. He was the richest, with the means to easily purchase a ship and never have to look back. "Could we?" they asked. "Should we?" The answers were simple: Yes, and probably not. And so, without any further ado, they marched down to the harbor and right up to the fanciest, most beautiful vessel they could find. For a small bag of gold coins, the foursome managed not only to buy passage on the ship but the ship itself. James was named captain, as he had paid the men. Sirius was first mate by default, and Peter and Remus became co-first-and-a-half mates, a position Remus suspected had been made up. The four boys (for no one could argue they were men) set sail before sunset, learning the ropes (if you'll pardon the pun) as they sailed. To absolutely no one's surprise, least of all yours, they shipwrecked on the first island they came across. The Marauder , as they named her, tossed and turned on a relatively calm sea, jostled by incompetent hands. The glare from the sun was blinding, and James ran her aground onto the sandy beaches of a small island. In an attempt to reverse course, the back rudder snapped entirely off. (How that is possible is beyond me—let me merely tell you that these boys were woefully terrible at sailing a ship.) Remus and Sirius disembarked first to evaluate the damage. James hopped down onto the sandy shore, throwing a hand over his eyes to shield from the glare of the sun. Was it his imagination, or was something glinting up ahead in the dunes? Yes, there it was: a sharp glitter amid the haphazardly strewn trees, further inland. Peter shouted after him, but the scent of adventure was in the air, and nothing could stop James once he caught it. He hurtled across the sand, scrambled and slid over the rocks, and found himself facing a small golden lamp, sitting on a rock as though forgotten. James looked around. Though small, he had moved to the center of the island, and could no longer see his friends or the ship. He stuck a fallen leaf in the sand in the direction from which he'd come, then picked up the lamp and sat in the shade of a tall palm. Something was written on the side of it, carved into the gold, but it was covered in a fine layer of sand. James tugged his sleeve over his hand and wiped the sand gently away, pulling the lamp closer to inspect the curling letters. No sooner had he done so, however, than the lamp grew unbearably hot in his hands. With a yelp, James dropped it and fell backwards off the rock, landing ungracefully on his back. There was a loud BANG, and something was looming above him. James squeezed his eyes open, then shut them again. He was seeing this, obviously seeing things. Because there was no way a gorgeous woman with hair like fire was leaning over him, her face frowned in concentration. "If I'm dreaming," he muttered. "I'd very much like to be back in Gryffindor when I wake." "Gryffindor?" the woman said. James supposed if she was a dream, his imagination was really quite marvelous. She wrinkled her nose. "That little seaside village?" James blinked and sat up. "It's quite a large city." "Oh." The woman looked down, then sat on the rock James had so quickly vacated. "I suppose I haven't been there in...many years." "It's been a city since before I was born," James said, sitting beside her. "You don't look much older than—that is to say, how many years has it been?" "What year is it?" The woman asked. James told her, and she blushed. "Several hundred years," she replied. "Give or take a few decades." "My goodness," was all James could think to say in response. "You look quite well for seven hundred years old, I must say." She laughed, like bells and honey. "I'm far older than that." Suddenly she jumped up. "I can't believe you let me ramble on like that! We have business to attend to, don't we?" He followed suit, standing a little more heavily due to exhaustion. "D-do we?" "You rubbed my lamp, didn't you?" she indicated the discarded thing. "What is your first wish?" "Wish?" James asked dreamily. The woman folded her arms impatiently and scowled. "You're certainly very new to all this, aren't you?" She spread her arms and stepped back, light sparkling off her multicolored robes. She looked like a sunset, all fire-red hair and pastel cloth. "I am Lilith, Djinni of the lamp. You..." she wrinkled her nose again. "You seem to be a shipwrecked sailor with no taste in clothing." She twitched, like an idea occurred to her. "I know! You'd probably love some shade or fresh water, wouldn't you? Why don't you wish for that, maybe a lady companion as well, and I'll just go back into my lamp and wait for someone..." her eyes swept him up and down. "Cleaner." "You're awfully impatient," James said. "Give me a moment, would you? My brain is a little addled, I did just shipwreck, after all..." he began to pace around the lamp, muttering to himself. "Water?" Lilith suggested every so often. "Some food?" He waved her away each time. Finally, footsteps and shouts. "James! Mate, wherever you've wandered, it looks like we're stuck. There's a hole in the back, we're taking on water fast..." James' head jerked up, and he snapped his fingers. "That's it! Lily—" "Lilith." "I wish my boat were fixed." Lilith sighed and rolled back her sleeves, revealing two thick golden bangles. "About time," she muttered. "Let's see the damage, then. Can't fix something I haven't seen." James scooped up the lamp and set it carefully into his satchel. "This way." He kicked the leaf he'd set in place, leading her towards Sirius' shouts. "I'm here!" he called. "I found a solution, I can fix it!" " You can fix it," Lilith scoffed. "I am right here, you know." The other three boys had gathered on the beach, and stared in awe as James neared, the radiant Lilith in tow. "Boys," he announced happily. "I present Lilith, Djinni of the lamp. She'll be fixing up the Marauder." As Lilith neared the ship, she began to laugh. "What have you done? This is an absolute disaster. Have any of you sailed before?" They shook their heads, though Sirius scowled while doing so. She raised her hands. "Very well. Your first wish is my command." Golden light gathered at her fingertips and arched away, swarming the broken parts of the ship and surrounding them; it glowed so brightly James had to cover his eyes. When the light faded, the Marauder was safely tethered to a nearby tree, anchor dropped, plank lowered. Lilith's lips quirked in a half-smile as the boys turned to her, dumbfounded. "Good as new," she declared. "Now, master, your next two wishes—" "Not so fast," Remus said. "James, you have three wishes." "Two," Lilith corrected. "Master," Sirius cackled. James blushed. "Please don't call me that." "Two," Remus amended. "Don't use them all right now." "Of course not," James said, as if the very notion were ridiculous. "Come, let's sail on. Lily, there's a spare cabin for you below, I believe—" "Oh, dear me, no," Lilith said with a tinkling laugh. "I'd much rather sleep in my lamp for all eternity than live on a boat — " "In there?" James interrupted. "That's inhumane! No, you'll live with us until we reach our destination. We have plenty of food and fresh water—" "I don't need to eat," she said dismissively. "And I will not get aboard your vessel." A week later, Lilith sat in the galley with Sirius and Peter, recounting the tale of Urg the Unfortunate while beating Peter at chess. "He wished for...let's see, what was it? A new button, a mouse, and the key to the hidden treasure his sultan had hidden beneath the palace. Of course, he never found it, so the key was a complete waste. Still, I've heard it's now a family heirloom..." "What did he do with the mouse?" Peter asked, fingering a pawn. Lilith grinned wickedly, sliding her rook forward. "Fed it to his cat." "No!" Peter said, horrified. He had several pet rats in his cabin, all named Wormtail. When Lilith inquired as to why, he simply sniffed and said, "If you don't know, I won't tell you." It remained the biggest mystery she had encountered in a thousand years of life. "Yes," Lilith said, as feet clattered down the stairs. James appeared, running a hand through his hair and looking harried. "Ah, if it isn't my master. What can I do for you?" "Don't call me that," he said. "Sirius, there's a storm on the horizon, I need your help plotting a course around it." "I don't really know what I'm doing, mate," Sirius warned, getting to his feet. "You've gotten us this far." "I could help," Lilith suggested helpfully, as she had several times. "Just wish you'd reached your destination—" James gave a small smile, though his entire demeanor was worried. "It's about the travelling," he said. "Not the location. Hey, Pete." Peter nodded in response, turning back to the chess game as the two disappeared on deck. Several hours (or perhaps it was days—spending decades at a time inside a lamp tended to skew one's sense of time) later, Lilith heard a resounding crash from up on deck. She set down the book she had borrowed from Sirius and got to her feet, ready to affectionately scold the boys for whatever havoc they were wreaking now. Despite initial hesitations, she had grown to enjoy her time out of the lamp, to stretch her legs and interact with humans. This was one of the longest times she'd been out, since an evil wizard had trapped