Hermione sat with what was left of the Order at the burrow in complete silence. She felt as if she was in one of those movies where everything around her was moving at mach speeds while she just sat perfectly still, barely breathing. Unable to cope with what had happened. It shouldn't of happened. They did everything right. They spent so much time and given up so much, hunting down all the Horcruxes. To make sure he died. Voldemort. The battle of Hogwarts. They had taken out a lot of the death eaters. Everyone pitched in and worked together to give the trio a chance to take out the diadem and the cup and Neville, Merlin bless him, had taken the snake out just in time. But they missed something. Something colossal. And so with the epic end battle of all battles when Harry Potter went against Voldemort he did not kill him. He was in an upstairs bedroom now barely hanging onto life. No one knew if he would come back this time. The forest confrontation was a one time deal. And though Voldemort was hurt severely as well. We all know that will give us only enough of a reprieve before he attacks again and finishes what he started. "ne...mione...HERMIONE!" Ron is shaking her causing her to take a deep gasp of air. "We need you, have you not been listening?" He looks at her with concern. "What more can we possibly do Ronald...Harry..." She barely whispers out tears finally tracking down her dirt stained face. He pulls her off of the couch and hugs her tightly. "Look let's get you cleaned up while mum is getting a meal put together for everyone, yeah? That way we can focus a bit and plan our next move." He rubs circles on her back while leading her to the upstairs bathroom. She moves without a fuss, taking in Ron's disheveled appearance. No one had had much of a chance to tend to themselves after the battle that happened a day ago. There was just too much to do, still was. Pulling a clean towel from the cupboard he steered her into the bathroom," I'll wait for you downstairs. I know this is hard 'Mione with Harry and Fred..." He choked up a bit trying to get his emotions under control. " But we're all that's left. We can't lose anyone else. It's up to the rest of the Order to figure something out." He squeezed her hand tightly then spun around leaving her with her thoughts. Peeling the sweat, blood, and dirt stained clothing off her body she stood in the scalding shower trying to scrub away the lost, the screams, the devastation. Staring at her reflection in the wall length mirror she traced her body's scars that had been acquired on their long journey. Some just tiny white lines, while others were still pink from not fully healing. The two that stuck out most was the giant slash across her torso from her fight at the Ministry against Dolohov and the red puckered "Mudblood" on her arm from her wonderful stay at the Malfoy Manor with Bellatrix. Even if they did get through this, she would never be the same again. One doesn't go through war unscathed or emotionally scarred. Pulling her beaded bag out she fished out some clean clothes and dressed quickly. Pulling her hair up in a ponytail she started downstairs to regroup with the others. Kingsley was at the head of the table talking in a low bassed voice to the others. It seemed the table was in argument half agreeing with the man and the other half shaking their heads with with disapproving faces. Pulling a chair out next to Ron, Molly set a plate in front of her with a tight smile. "Eat up deary, We all need our strength." Taking tiny bites she finally realized how quiet the table was. She looked up to everyone staring at her. Swallowing down her food she took a sip of tea and raised one eyebrow, "What?" She asked hesitantly. "Miss Granger" Kingsley started grabbing her attention, "As you are aware we need to act quickly. After hearing the full story from everyone and you and Ron we know that something was amiss with the information Dumbledore had gathered. We either missed an unknown Horcux or something all together. Now that Voldemort is aware of our ploys he will be even more on guard and the Order is down by half. 's condition is unstable, So we can no longer leave the burden with him. It is up to us to find a solution out of this horrendous situation." Hermione shook her head in affirmation, agreeing with everything the elder wizard had stated so far. " Of course. I understand things are even more dangerous than ever. I will do whatever is needed in the future that the Order needs. It is important that we regroup and find where to go from here." Kingsley gave her a small smile at her acquiesce. "I'm glad you understand the severity of the situation. But it's not the future that we will need your help with." He stated evasively. "But the past." Hermione set her fork down looking around confusingly at the group before settling her eyes back on their leader, "I don't think I understand." Shacklebolt leaned forward clasping his hands together talking more animately. "We've lost too much. Even if we found out how to rid the world of Voldemort, rebuilding and rerighting our devastated world is nearly impossible. Years ago after the first war the ministry started working on something that could right the wrongs of the past. Of course only a handful of people knew about the project and soon it was written off and hid away as time went on and the world rebuilt." "We, The Order, have always had that as a last resort plan if there was nothing more we could do. It was never meant to be brought up unless it was the absolute necessary. And that is why I now bring it to everyone's attention now. Even if it works, it does not guarantee changing the outcome of our present time. It has never even been tested. So you very well could be lost." The man told her in a dead serious tone. Hermione furrowed her brows together trying to work through the information she just received. A Plan to change the present time? Going into the past. Surely they would of known if there was such a thing. Obviously the trio had changed past events with the time turner their third year but even that had it's limits on how far it could go back. And there was no way to get back to the present time except to live out the events again. For them to make any difference they would have to go back years. And even then that didn't guarantee them finding the information they needed. I mean Dumbledore was looking into Voldemort two wars worth of time. Shaking her head she voiced her opinions to them, "Even if you had a way it wouldn't guarantee anything. If Dumbledore couldn't figure it out how do you expect any of us to?" she asked in earnest. Kingsley nodded his head at her concerns," Have no doubt that there is a way. And Dumbledore wasn't close enough to him to learn enough. Him and Voldemort were always at odds with each other from the beginning. That's why we need you. To go back, Get close, infiltrate the group as one of their own. Learn all that you can. If you can stop or change even a little it would make all the difference. And if you cannot at least we would have more information to go off of." Hermione stared at him with her jaw hanging open." ME? Hermione Granger, the mudblood, brightest witch of her age, the brains of the golden trio, Harry Potter's best friend. Infiltrate the death eaters and cozy up to VOLDEMORT." Holding her arm so everyone could see where "Mudblood" was carved in her arm," You do realize they would kill me in a whole two seconds, right? Everyone knows who I am. Even if I used polyjuice potion or a charm to change my appearance it wouldn't fool You Know Who." She laughed sarcastically. "Obviously I am not the right choice here." Shacklebolt leaned further even more,"Of course he would if you went back to when they knew of who ya'll were. But we are talking about before that, before either war, before he was Voldemort." Hermione thought she couldn't be more shocked. She was wrong. "Before? How far back are we talking about?" she asked. "1942. Right before he opened the Chamber of Secrets and made the first horcurx from Myrtles death. Before the Death Eaters were in fact Death Eaters." The room was deathly quiet. Hermione could only stare at this point. "Perhaps I should explain a little more. It is similar to a time turner the device that will take you back. But it can only be used once. But it is similar also in the way that it cannot bring you back. Once you are there. That is where you will remain." He stared ar her in all seriousness. "Hermione. You are a natural leader, you are powerful and intelligent. You are patient, loyal, charismatic, and above all else tenacious in every task set before you. I know what we ask of you, what I ask of you, is the ultimate price. But it is the only solution left to us." "There is no livable future for any of us. Maybe we will live years beyond now, but make no mistake, we will inevitably all die in battle. You are our only hope now." He finished. Hermione was pale and her hands were trembling on the table top. The table burst into conversation again arguing back in forth around her. Half agreeing with the elder wizard that it was the world's only hope, the other half stating there was another way and too much to ask of anyone. They just needed to look for something else. Ron grabbed her hand and squeezed it tightly. "Mione you don't have to agree to this." He whispered to her. She held onto him like a life line. This was too much right now. After everything that had happened. How could they even ask her to do this. To leave everything she had every known and go back fifty years to be a spy. Literally a lifetime of being on the dark side and spying. Even deeper that Severus had went. To be like them. To have prejudices. To torture. To kill. To befriend the very people who have made their lives a living hell. She couldn't breathe. The room was closing in on her, getting smaller and smaller. Standing up she ran out the back door. She didn't stop running till she came upon the pond at the edge of the Weasley property. Gasping heavily she tried to get much needed air into her lungs. Collapsing on the ground she cried out her hurt, frustrations, and utter loneliness. She had given everything of herself to the cause and it still wasn't enough. They wanted even more. To rip the last of her true self away from her. To do this would break her soul, her very being. She always knew she would more than likely give her life to the cause. But death was quick compared to a lifetime of deceit and servitude under a mad man. Sitting up she pulled her knees under her chin, wrapping her arms around herself tightly. Trying to hold herself together. Why her? Sure Kingsley had said vaguely why but everyone in the Order had great attributes that could be used to do the same. Some older with more experience than her. Could she even