The 223rd Hunger Games: Trapped Reapings 1-6: District One: Zink's POV: "Honey, time to come down for breakfast!" "All right, Daddy, I'll be down in a minute!" I finish putting my last hair tie in. My hair was so hard to take care of! I look at myself in the mirror and see that my brown eyes were framed by my long lashes. My golden blonde hair was in a perfect bun right now. It's usually down to the floor because it's seven feet long, but I prefer to keep it up in a ponytail. Now, I know what you're thinking, this girl is insane. However, I had always had a tiny obsession with the fairy tale Rapunzel. That story made me feel like I belonged! My hair was my prized possession. I looked at myself again. My hair was the only good thing about me. I mean, I had these giant ears and I was 4'9: really, really tiny. My outfit was good, it was a nice brown skirt with boots, a green blouse, and brown jacket. Simple, but good enough for a reaping! I head downstairs and give my dad a peck on the cheek and my mom a huge hug. They're my only real friends. I was fifteen and had virtually no friends. I mean, I tried, but I just always seemed to fail at making friends. I was just a bit awkward with people that weren't my family. I started to space out as I ate my food. My family owned the most popular jewelry shop in town. If only all the girls at my school knew that I made the most beautiful jewelry, then maybe they would at least try to be my friends! I continued to stare off into space and wondered what I was going to do after the Reapings. I could always come home and make that diamond broach I drew the diagrams for last week. My parents rush me out the door, into the car. We were on the richer side, which made all the poorer people hate us. Then, of course, the rich people didn't like me either. I tended to stand up for what right and be a bit of a tattle tale. I didn't mean to! It would just slip out! We made it to the square and I went to the fifteen year old section. I didn't have any friends to stand with, so I spaced out. I could see some of the other girls give me the face I have dubbed as the "evil eye," but I don't glare back. If they only knew what I could do, what I did… Then Mayor Braun comes out on stage. I didn't exactly like him because he is very self righteous. He went on his stupid speech. It's not that I don't like the Hunger Games, I just wouldn't want to participate in them. I mean, I was really good at training for them, I just find them too violent. They're part of our life and I'm good with that. Then I hear my mother yell my name. Zink Heartfelt. She must want something. I turn to her and she is sobbing. Wait…what just happened? I turn toward the stage and see everyone staring at me. All the mean girls, Vladimire, our purple escort, even my mentors. I start toward the stage. Someone else will volunteer, of course they would! As I wait for the volunteer, she never comes. Our escort moves on to the boy tributes. This so isn't good! I don't want to do this. Well, too bad. I got to suck it up and deal with it! I thought about last year's tributes. They both lost, both by stupid reasons. Tyler lost because some other tribute dragged him down into a pit which was a Gamemaker's trap. Then Sky died because she wasn't paying attention and didn't notice when some other tribute poisoned her. I wouldn't be like them hopefully. Then I hear the name of my future partner. "Jacob Bottles!" I see a tall kid in my grade come up. Just great, he doesn't like me at all. Then I hear someone shout that they volunteer. Then I see a 6'1", tanned hot guy come to the stage. I had no idea who he was, but I wouldn't mind him watching my back… Our escort asked him his name. "My name is Steele Stefanon, and I'm looking to prove myself!" He winked into the audience and I saw about ten girls swoon. Maybe I don't like this guy as much as I thought…before I know it, we are shaking hands. I look into his green eyes and realize he isn't to be trifled with. Well, neither am I. I may not want to be here, but I sure as heck won't let some pretty boy beat me. Let the Games begin, pretty boy! Steele's POV: I ran my hand through my dirty blonde hair. This was going to be some long good` byes… I looked in the mirror to make sure I was presentable. My hair was perfect, my tanned muscles defined enough, my green eyes sparkling, and my smile in charm mode. I already know I'll get plenty of sponsors based on my looks, now I just got to make them see I am strong too. First Halk comes in. He's my best friend in the world, and my wingman. He and I are the dynamic duo of flirting! We talk about how we don't even need to say goodbye because I am so coming back! These goodbyes are a waste of time. My dad comes in next and congratulates me, my mom seems happy as long as I'm happy, and my sister is thrilled because all the boys are asking her about her brother now. She is such a little flirt, like her big brother! Then after my family Rose come in. We flirt a little and even kiss. Then after her is Sapphire. We just kiss a bunch. Then Glamour comes in and she just cries a whole lot. Such a drama queen! There are a few more girls, one of which I forgot her name. That was awkward. Then I'm whisked off to the train, with a huge smile on my face. I see that Zink girl. She seems like a nice girl, but dangerous. That's a lethal combination. I would need to take her out soon, unless my first impression is completely wrong. Well, I guess I'll soon find out. Hunger Games, here I come! District Two: Vivian's POV: I looked up and down the mirror. Damn, I looked sexy today! Of course, I always did, but today I had to look especially appealing. Today was Reaping day. Today was the day that I was going to be aired on national television. Today was the day my competitors and future allies got to first see me, so I needed to give them something to see! I let my long, mahogany hair free today. It framed my heart shaped face perfectly. It went down to my mid back. I really needed to get it trimmed! I put on the last of my mascara and it framed my ice blue eyes and made them dazzle. Perfect! I finished putting on the rest of my outfit. Today I was going to wear a blue sequin skirt with a black top. Ooh, and my favorite black leather boots! It just screamed sexy! Just the angle I wanted! I gracefully descended the stairs. Grand'Mere already had breakfast set up. I sat down and had some delicious stuffed bird with an omelet stuffed with crane. In case you couldn't tell, my Grand'Mere and I were rolling in money! We inherited it from my family…they died when I was younger in a fire…it was the only subject I was sensitive about. I pulled myself out of my daze. My Grand'Mere and I made small chat. She was just like me: manipulative, vindictive, and beautiful. She used to be quite the catch, or that's how she tells it. I have many gentlemen callers as well. Which is why I plan to use my looks to win the Hunger Games this year? Either that, or use my killer senses when it comes to people. People are like books to me, interesting and easy to read. I finish breakfast and let Maya, our maid, clear the table. My Grand'Mere and I begin our walk to town. The weather is so nice that neither of us would want to be in a car. As we walk and chat, I catch the boys staring at me. They all wanted me, but it's not that they all got me! I only dated the wealthiest and handsomest people around, meaning I didn't date anyone that was below me! Ugh, the thought of dating Anthony Anderson, that poor, ugly piece of meat! We finally make it to the square and I give my Grand'Mere one final hug. The next time I see her will be in the Justice Building. I listen intently to Mayor Cynthia's speech. This is one of my favorite parts, the history behind the Hunger Games. That's all they are to me, a game that leads to instant popularity and success. I hear her call my friends name. She will get so pissed that I'm taking her place. I scream that I volunteer and make my way to the stage. I receive jealous glares and lustful glances. As I mount the stage, I start beaming. I don't need the money or the popularity. What I need is to get out of this drab district. When I'm a victor, I can probably LIVE in the Capital! The Capital is where it's all at. There is next to nothing here. "What's your name, honey," the escort asks. "My name is Vivian Moonstone, and I can't wait to be in this year's Hunger Games!" I see my Grand'Mere give an encouraging nod. I did a good job. I see our new escort, Sparkler I think, dig around for the boys name. Thank God they got rid of the other escort! He was such a party pooper! He acted all sad and glum. Then I hear his name. "Ore Rockfelt." I see a kid in my grade head towards the stage. We are both seventeen. It won't be hard to manipulate him. My thoughts quickly flicker to last year's tributes. Veronica killed Eric out of jealousy and then later died from some tribute from eleven. She was manipulative, like me. I had to be better than her, though. Losing wasn't an option. "I volunteer!" I look over. This kid that I know I've seen before takes the stage. Before Sparkler can even ask his name, he's on it. "My names Oliver DeSoto, and I'm so honored to be able to participate in these Hunger Games." Oh, that's right, I know him. The way his red hair shined in the sun and his green eyes twinkled. He was a year older than me, He seemed nice enough, but I never saw him around. I always trained with my friends and Grand'Mere. He always seemed to train with his father for some odd reason. I saw him slink about every now and then, and he usually kept a low profile. He was handsome enough, but he was fairly poor. I would never be associated with him anyways, until now that is. I had to play nice with my district partner. At least, until the Games started. I shook his hand and put on my best smile. Oh yes, I would play very nice with him… Oliver's POV: I sat down with a plop. That wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be. This was my last year to volunteer, so I took it. I already knew who was going to visit me: my two twelve year old buddies, who were so sweet. Some friends from school