The 227 th Hunger Games: Bloodlines The Capitol: President Raven's POV: "How are the preparations going?" I asked as my Head Gamemaker Lavender entered my office. I clicked away at my keyboard, viewing the different schematics that were being sent to me. Most of these plans involved the construction necessary to make the 227th Hunger Games possible. We were creating more rooms for the Training Center, more stables for chariots, and as well as many other additions. However, some involved the arena's layout or muttation designs. This year I was preapproving everything that went into these games. I was tired of surprises. These past few years had been filled with too many of them. "Everything is running smoothly," Lavender commented, "The Capitol is dividing into their different segments quite efficiently. They seem to have no problem listening to your orders." I smiled at that last comment. Many of the surprises that had been happening were acts of rebellion. These were common in small amounts, usually spread few and far between only involving a couple people. However, last year we discovered quite a big group forming; a group that not only involved people from the Districts, but Victors and Capitolians as well. This sudden anarchy called for immediate action and Lavender had the only plan I could think of. We had to teach everyone a lesson. By adding six additional tributes from the Capitol itself for this year only, it proved that my word was law. If you rebelled, things didn't change for the better. You only received more punishment. Sadly, much like a child, the Capitol was going to have to learn this the hard way this year. This sudden rule change had the exact effect I wanted. They were scared and, more importantly, angry at the rebels. In their mind, it was their fault. Lavender pointed out the double win to this rule change. Not only was the Capitol slowly becoming even more against rebellion, but many of the citizens living in the Districts were satisfied. Finally, the people they hated were going to be a part of the Hunger Games. The Capitol's children's blood would finally be shed. "You've made the boundaries very clear?" "Crystal." I smiled. Since we were taking six children from the Capitol, we needed our own makeshift 'districts'. They were not permanent by any means and of course the citizens could still go anywhere the pleased. It simply created three areas where the residents would be reaped from: the Upper, Central, and Lower Capitol. These areas each had their distinct citizens who lived there, creating a common reaping pool. "Good. As always, I imagine these will be the games of the century?" "Of course," Lavender smiled, "You very well know I never disappoint." I nodded as I replied, "Never… But do remember one thing. Everything has to be under control this year. What happens in the arena is crucial to what happens to our country. Any mistakes and you will be held fully accountable." Lavender's lips smirked cruelly as she recited, "The tribute's blood will cover the arena's floor. Let the games begin." Short intro, as always whenever I begin a SYOT. I purposefully tried to make this small section as spoiler free as possible for those who are new to this my SYOTs. If you have never read any of my SYOTs, I would like to warn you that you are jumping into my fifth and final one. I would highly recommend reading the 226 th Hunger Games, maybe even the 225 th Hunger Games, to avoid spoilers and confusion. I will try to re-explain everything as we go, but there are no promises that I won't miss anything. That being said, welcome old and new alike! For this SYOT I will be accepting 32 original tributes. The rules for submitting a tribute are simple: 1: Try to be original, realistic, and descriptive. No one wants a copy of someone else or someone who can't even exist. 2: Only submit a tribute if you plan on reviewing. I am perfectly fine with you reading and never reviewing. However, if you think I'm going to spend my valuable time breathing life into your creation when I could very well be using someone else's or using my own you are mistaken. Please respect this rule. 3: This isn't first come first serve and you do not need to reserve any place. Just submit your best creation and, hopefully, they will make it in. If you're worried however, feel free to submit multiple. Just know only one will be accepted. One tribute per person. 4: One you submit your creation and I accept them, in a sense they are mine. I will try to keep them as close as I can to what you created, but I will take liberties. If I choose to change something (appearance, age, certain trait) to better fit the story than I will. The story takes precedence to any individual tribute. 5: And lastly, have fun. Create who you want! Most likely this process will take several weeks (if not more since my summer is very busy). You have plenty of time to submit and you will most likely get a second shot if the first tribute doesn't make it in. Now that the rules are done, there are two more things. The tribute form is on my profile and I will only accept tributes sent via PM. If they are submitted view review they will not be eligible for this story. Also, this is an established AU universe. Below I will have descriptions of each Districts and Capitolian Sector. Please read through this or, if you already know what place you want to submit to, skip to that section. Of course you can deviate away from it, but use it as guideline for the environment your tribute grew up in. Finally, happy submitting :D I look forward to seeing all of your creations! District One: The Luxury District. District One makes luxury goods for the Capitol and are the richest District in Panem. No one ever starves to death here. No one is without a home, even the orphans have several community homes. However, there is much deceit and pride within this district. Many families run high-end businesses that not only interact with each other but the Capitol as well. To get on top, you get rid of your competitors. Whether that be by political alliances, an abundant amount of money, or darker methods; you run your enemies out of business. The key to this district is secrecy and manipulation. Poison tends to be an old friend, as well as a potent enemy, for many. A Career District through and through, although there are still some people who manage to maintain their innocence. District Two: The Stone Quarry District. District Two still secretly trains the Peacekeepers of Panem. Many Peacekeepers are those born in District Two, but they come from all corners of Panem. This is the most savage district in Panem but also the most strong. They always have the toughest Careers, but usually also the most mentally unstable. However, because of these tributes, this district is one of the Capitol's favorites. The class of people ranges from rich to poor, but almost all train for the Hunger Games. Many people die in this district, but not in the way one would think. The Peacekeepers here let the citizens have at each other. If there is a problem, sometimes they end up killing each other in the streets for all to see. Most would be horrified to know this, but this is common for the citizens. Only the strongest survive. If you're weak, you die. End of story. District Three: The Technology District. District Three has some of the weakest, yet smartest, tributes ever seen. There is always the occasional a physically strong tribute, but as a whole they tend to be scrawny and brittle from lack of food. This district is filled with buildings and surrounded by many alleys. Not a speck of nature is in sight, leaving most tributes helpless in the Hunger Games. Wealth is scarce here; leaving many poor or barely middle class. Many children end up working at as young as fourteen to help ends meet. To this day, most tributes from this district meet their end during the Bloodbath. This constant harsh lifestyle and low life expectancy has finally stirred almost the entire district to rally together. They are currently rebelling against the Capitol by destroying their factories and goods. The Peacekeepers are trying to contain them as best as they can. District Four: The Fishing District. District Four is one of the more pleasant and unique districts. Poverty is still relevant, but almost everyone can find a way to gather food. The resources around them are filled with sea animals. Many of the fishermen in this district are cruel beasts and cause more trouble than they are worth. The Career mentality has still been imbedded in most of the older generation. Although they are a Career District, the amount of children training has dropped immensely. Most kids in District Four grow up fairly carefree and end up just wanting to have a good time. Even if they have to go fishing with family for food or get a job of some kind, it is still an easy life compared to most. One advantage this district's tributes have is they possess a unique set of skills others don't have. All children know how to swim and most know how to catch fish with either a net, spear, or fishing rod. This serene environment makes this place one of best the districts to live in. District Five: The Science District. The layout is very similar to District Three. Buildings tower over everything and no nature is in sight. However, in this District, most tributes tend to be clever. For some reason, they seem to be far more adaptable than District Three and seem to out survive them. The citizens know how to avoid the strict Peacekeepers, and they definitely know how to survive on their own. In District Five, loyalty isn't common and it is every person for themselves. If you rely on someone else, you might end up dead. Crime is not uncommon here but it tends to be less violent than other districts. You may steal, but you try to avoid detection. Just because you don't rely on people doesn't mean you want hoards of enemies. District Six: The Medicine District. District Six is one of the more versatile districts. They have all classes of people and all different types of jobs. Although people work in factories to make medicine, there are still plenty of people to have a plethora of other jobs. This economy has created more and more wealth over the years, allowing people to pursue creative outlets. District Six not only has a city full of buildings, but they also have suburbs surrounded by nature. Tributes from this District tend to be very diverse, but sometimes naïve. Many still consider this one of the weaker districts, but every now and then they have a contender. It just takes the right tribute during the right games. District Seven: The Lumber District. District Seven is very strict and hardworking. Some teenagers are forced to work out in the woods at as young as fourteen, while others work in their family's business. Many people live on scarce food for days, but it somehow makes them stronger. This district tends to produce strong and experienced tributes that know how handle themselves. However, that doesn't mean they have the heart swing an axe into someone's neck. District Eight: The Textile District. District Eight is one of the most diverse districts. Everyone is trying to earn money in one form or another, much like District One, but they have different reasons. Unlike District One where money is everything, in this district family is everything. You