Disclaimer: All Harry Potter related characters, places and themes belong to J.K. Rowling, Bloomsbury and Scholastic. Incredible beta for this story: MrBenzedrine Updates, pictures, snippets, author notes will be posted on my tumblr and facebook page. Links in my profile. Chapter 1: Hanging Like a Fruit He would never agree. His proposition had overwhelmed her, and yet, she knew that what she wanted in return would throw him off balance. It was an unattainable goal, but that certainly had never stopped Hermione before. "I want you to teach me." "Teach you what, exactly?" "Teach me to be…" she paused and looked away from his steady gaze. "Teach me to be what you say I am." "Just spit it out, Granger," he snapped. "You know exactly what I want from you, so tell me exactly what you want from me." She forced herself to meet his stare. "Teach me to be desirable." His lips twitched in cunning triumph. "Deal." 3 weeks earlier… Hermione Granger liked her morning tea very hot, very strong, and with no extra frills like sugar or cream. There truly was nothing better to help her start her day than an aromatic brew freshly poured into her favorite red mug. It helped that she began every day the same way since starting a satisfying career as a potioneer at Materia Medica four years prior. It wasn't easy being so meticulous, but Hermione reveled in an orderly environment. Organization, timeliness, abiding by the rules and laws that governed her life were all things she strived to accomplish. She was the Hermione Granger, after all, top of her class at both Hogwarts and the graduate potioneer program. Not many young witches and wizards kept up such a strict and logical lifestyle at the age of twenty-four, but, then again, Hermione had never been a typical witch. It never bothered her to follow the same routine every morning: wake up, bathe, groom, dress, tea and toast while reading The Daily Prophet, then out the door by 7:50 AM in order to apparate to work by 8:00 AM. After such a tumultuous childhood and adolescence where nothing ever seemed to go according to plan, Hermione took immense pleasure in the organized and predictable lifestyle that now embodied her young adulthood. Her life was finally calm and predictable. The workweek was nearly over. Close to a discovery on a project she had been working on for the past few months, she looked forward to having a great weekend with her dearest friends. As long as things continued to go as planned, life would always be pleasant. Hermione released a satisfied sigh as she reached the sleek laboratory that had lived a former life as an abandoned potions warehouse. She entered the lobby of the building, balancing several vials and books between her arms. The smell of potion ingredients and chemical cleaning products hung in the air as she walked past the security desk and down the hallway towards her office. Charlotte, the security witch, smiled at her. "Mr. Wincher would like to see you in his office," she said. "He said that he'd like to see you the moment you arrive." Hermione took a calming breath and readjusted the load in her arms. She thanked Charlotte for the message, hurried to her office, and dropped the books onto the chair directly behind her desk. Carefully, she placed the vials on top of the large desk currently covered with multiple rolls of parchment, quills, ink, more vials, more books, and a sleeping, shorthaired, black and gray tabby cat. "Scoot over, Nyx, you lazy bug," said Hermione. She smiled lovingly at his round green eyes as they opened to glare at her. "You sleep much more than you help, you know." Nyx meowed sullenly at the gentle rebuke. "Oh yes, sweetheart, it's time to start being a productive kitty instead of a paperweight. Hurry along now and catch those mice that love to creep around this old building. Off with you, now." She watched the cat slowly come to his feet, blink slowly at her, and stretch before hopping off the desk and sauntering out the open door. She envied the cat at that moment, knowing she had to face Eli Wincher and whatever news he had for her. Your boss asking to see you was never a good sign. She dusted off her hands, grabbed her lab robe, and quickly checked her face in the mirror by her office door. A nervous face looked back at her, surrounded by more brown hair than a girl could handle. She frowned and hoped the small redness on her cheek was not the beginning of a spot. It wouldn't do at all to show up in front of Eli looking like a pubescent young lady with no sense of how to keep her hair under control. He was, after all, the most handsome man in the entire lab and, possibly, the entire universe. Hermione had developed a miserable crush on the man after being hired by him following her completion of the graduate potioneer program. For four years, she admired him from afar. Very far. She had most likely spoken to him only 10 times since meeting him, but every time was a precious memory. With more than 400 employees at Materia Medica, it was easy to become lost in the crowd. Hermione took another deep breath and left her office, heading in a beeline towards Eli's. She smiled at his assistant once she passed the double doors that led to his suite, and he ushered her into Eli's office immediately. Hermione took a long moment to fill her gaze of her boss. Eli Wincher truly was the absolute perfect man. "Hermione, just the woman I've been looking for," said Eli, flashing that brilliant smile at her as he stood up and offered her his hand. "Thank you for coming in this morning, please take a seat." Hoping Eli couldn't hear her heart beating out of her chest, she took one of the proffered seats and folded her hands in her lap, unsure of what to do with them. She watched him walk around the desk back to his own chair and internally sighed at the way his slacks fit so snugly. "You must be wondering why I've asked you in here today," he began. His eyes were the darkest brown, surrounded by long lashes, and they nearly made her swoon as they focused on her. "I want to begin by congratulating you on your most recent success. The formulaic changes you made to the respibene potion to treat acute, floo powder-induced pulmonary inflammation were nothing short of brilliant." Hermione's heart nearly exploded in a combination of pride and relief. Pride, because he was praising her, and relief, because she wasn't in trouble. "Thank you, sir," she responded. "My team is very efficient, and I'm very proud of all the hard work everyone puts in." "I respect your modesty, Hermione, but I know you have much to do with the successes of your projects. You are a born leader and one of the sharpest potioneers we have ever hired." When she died, Hermione hoped a heaven existed and that Eli Wincher would be there saying all of those words over and over again as he fed her grapes and wine. "Thank you so much, sir. I love this job more than I can say." He smiled at that, his straight and dazzling teeth flashing against his dark skin. "I'm very glad to hear that. I have called you in here not just to exalt your performance, but to offer you an opportunity I hope you'll accept." She hoped it was an opportunity to become his wife. "In about three months' time, the Most Extraordinary Society of Potioneers will be hosting the International Healing Potions Conference in Sao Paulo, and we have been asked to submit a presentation on our contributions to the field. I couldn't think of a better witch or wizard to represent our company than you. I do hope you'll accept." The International Healing Potions Conference was the biggest event for the medicinal and therapeutic potions field. All of the elite professionals who participated in the development and business of creating potions for use at St. Mungo's and magical hospitals around the world attended annually to share the latest research and innovations. Hermione blinked rapidly, wondering if she had lost consciousness. "You want me to put on a presentation for the IHPC? Mr. Wincher…I don't know what to say." "Please say you'll do it," he responded. "I try to attend the conference every year, but this is the first time we've been asked to speak. Your hard work and passion for what you do make you the perfect person for the task. I know the conference will happen before we know it, so if you decide to do this, please come to me for any help you might need. We've been allotted an hour for our presentation, with some time at the end for the audience to ask questions." "Thank you so much, sir," Hermione said; her skin felt warm with dread and a smidgen of interest. Could she really do this? "I believe I can do it. I'll try to represent this company to the best of my ability." He laughed at that. Would she ever tire of hearing that musical sound? "I never worried that you wouldn't, Hermione. I'll send 'round a note by the end of the week with all of the details for the trip and conference. I'm quite looking forward to it." "You'll be going, too?" Her dread doubled in intensity. Presenting a topic to the international potioneer community and in front of Eli? "I wouldn't miss it. I've been looking for some new blood to take to conference instead of the same group of executives, and I know you'll enjoy it." They exchanged a few more words and, shortly thereafter, Hermione closed his office door, nearly breaking into a run back to her office. The minute she reached her office, she slammed the door behind her and leaned against it. A trip to Brazil with her ridiculously handsome boss? This was the opportunity of a lifetime; she would have to spend a weekend with him while trying not to overwhelm him with her social ineptness. She never knew what to say around him. Her tongue refused to say witty and clever things in his presence. She wanted nothing more than to impress him and for him to see her as more than one of his employees. This trip would surely be a mortifying nightmare, and it certainly did not fit well into her carefully planned life. Bugger. Hermione found solace at her desk just a few moments later. She gathered a scroll and quill to begin listing out the chemical properties of the vials she brought in that morning. Hopefully, the vials would contain just what she needed to make a breakthrough in her latest experiment. Her current project involved altering a popular potion used to treat Dragon Pox. The current potion's major flaw was its unfortunate side effect of leaving behind disfiguring scars. After reading one patient's testimonial of attempting to remove the scars left by the potion with a near-fatal mix of Essence of Dittany and Tramble berries, Hermione decided that she could not continue to let witches and wizards risk their lives because of an unsightly side effect. Half an hour passed in silence as she lost herself in her work, her mind clearing of any intruding thoughts. Unfortunately, when one worked in a lab, interruptions were part and parcel. "Hermione! HERMIONE!" a husky female voice shouted right outside the door before a pretty face appeared in the doorway. "Astoria, what on earth?" Hermione quickly stood up from behind the desk. "It's happened. We figured it out!" Astoria Greengrass, the loveliest, sweetest colleague Hermione could have asked for, panted slightly as she tried to explain. "Are