Yo! This is Sk8 here, and I'd like to say that even though this is my first fic, this is not my first experience with FanFiction. And like we all know if any of us owned the things we write about, this would be OwnerFiction, not FanFiction. BTW this is pre TLH. key: written in "these" speech written in 'these' thought Hi, I'm Sofia Castillo, daughter of Chaos. First, I want to describe myself to you before I describe my little predicament to you. I am Latina, and I have insanely curly brown shoulder length hair (it looks like a perm, but its natural), and sapphire blue eyes. I don't have freckles, and I'm fairly tan compared to others here at camp. I'm petite and about five feet tall, oh, one more thing, I don't really think I'm all that pretty, but mis amigos argue with that oración . And right now I am having a totally heated make-out session with my best amigo, Nico diAngelo, son of Hades, with "Hot" by Avril Lavigne playing in the background. How, you may ask, did I end up in this particular predicament? Well, it all started a few días ago really... I had woken up a little after eight on Wednesday, and I looked around my empty cabin, so sad being an only child of a goddess... I took a shower, and pulled on the outfit I had chosen for that day. I was wearing some shorts, cherry red Chuck Taylors, and a camp tee, my usual... Before walking out into camp I whipped on my signature black "Peace, Love, and Boys" toboggan and slid my iPodinto my pocket. I was walking around looking for Nico, considering we were best friends(he's my secret crush too), and that we had more in common than any other non-sibling demigods. Of course, I found him and his lazy ass in his cabin asleep. This was the last place I had looked, so I was pretty annoyed at the cabrón by then no matter how much I'm crushing on him. "Yo! Lazy! Get up!" I yelled, jumping onto his bed. He sprung up immediately, his obsidian sheets pooling around his waist, showing off his bare chest. 'Don't stare, don't blush, don't stare!' I thought to myself. "Hey girl, wazzup?" he asked, followed by a yawn. His chocolate eyes were still clouded with sleep. "You, now!" I huffed. "It's not my fault you little mess! Now get out while I get dressed!" he exclaimed, obviously cranky from being woken up. I walked out of his cabin and heard some shuffling, and a few moments later Nico walked out decked in his usual black camp shirt, dark wash skinnies, and black Chucks. "Hey brah!" I greeted, going in for our secret hand shake. He nodded and returned the shake. "Sup babe?" he asked, trying to get me to blush, the Stolls had tried it while I was in the Hermes cabin unclaimed before the war. "Not much, just looking for your siento butt!" I exclaimed ruffling his hair, though he was a good half-foot taller than me now. He was used to my Spanglish. I was just so used to Spanish with my sister that I couldn't help it. "I was sleeping, calling up undead warriors to help with a war kinda drains your energy, ya know?" he muttered trying to fix his hair. "Yeah, I know it tires you out. I just wanted to hang out with you being an official claimed camper amigo ," I told him. "Yeah! Daughter of Chaos! I always knew you were a mess!" he smirked. "Yeah, but you know you love me anyway chico ," I told him. An unreadable expression crossed his face, but it was gone so quickly I couldn't even be sure I actually saw it. "Eh, you may be right," he admitted, smirking. "I'm going to wipe that tonto smirk off your face if you're not careful boy!" I exclaimed, his smirk getting to me already. "Try," he ordered, but the twinkle in his eye told me that he had some tricks up his sleeve. Either way, I still wiped it off his face. I was probably the only person who knew that he was ticklish. So, being me, I obviously went for his stomach, and started to tickle him. The smirk dissappeared, and he busted out laughing. "I told you I'd get you!" I giggled along with him. "Oh, I haha am haha so sorry I doubted you haha," he said through dying laughs. "So, where do you want to hang out?" I asked him, knowing he would say the arena anyway. "How about... the arena?" he asked. I nodded, we usually hung out there there because it was empty this early in the morning. We started walking in silence soon Nico started our daily game of "Three Questions" (Ooh! get the reference, and you win a cookie!) this is how we learn about eachother. "Morning person or night person?" he asked, keeping his eyes ahead. "Night," I said without hesitation. He was usually really careful with his questions. Everyone was really careful around me, before I was claimed, if I started freaking out things would start breaking, flying, and spinning around. I had learned to control my emotions better, unless someone did something that confused me, or pissed me off, everything was fine. "Cool, me too," He said smirking his stupid smirk again. How often Nico smirks cannot be healthy. "Hmmm... top five favorite songs?" I asked, using my first turn. "Oh, that's a hard one. Umm... Animal- The Neon Trees, Riot- Three Days Grace, Baby Got Back- Sir-Mix-a-Lot, Dazzey Duks- Duice, and hmm... Numb- LinkinPark," he said after thinking for a bit. I stopped, and my eyes bugged out of my head! Three of those five songs were on my top five too! "Three of those are on my top five list too!" I exclaimed. He looked at me disbelievingly. "Which three? Oh, and that doesn't count as one of my questions in the game," he asked as we started walking again. I blushed. "Oh, um... Animal, Baby Got Back, and Dazzey Duks," I muttered, my cheeks still aflame. "Well, I think one line in Dazzey Duks describes you," he told me with an amused gleam in his eye. I was silent, letting him know he could go on. "'Baby got back, or junk in the trunk, she got a six pack, or a hell of a rump'!" he exclaimed laughing and quoting the song as we walked into the silent arena. "How so?" I yelped agitated. "36, 24,36," he told me smirking. My eyes widened. "I am not! You couldn't know that even if I was!" I accused, wondering if he could. He smiled, 'Uh oh, what have I done?' I thought. "I don't, but let's find out, shall we?" he suggested, pulling a mesuringtape out of his pocket. I backed up, only to find a wall behind me. "C'mon, please?" he begged, actually wanting to know for some reason. He gave me a pout, and the biggest "Kicked Puppy" eyes ever. 'Don't give in, don't give it doesn't matter how gorgeous he is! Don't give in,' I chanted in my head. "Fine," I muttered, giving in. I held my arms up, and Nico wrapped the measure around my bra line, I had to bite my lip to supressa chuckle. I already knew I was a 36C. "36 there," he said giving a smirk. "Next," I muttered, annoyed. He got on his knees, and went to my hips, apparently saving the waist measurment for last. My breath hitched, for only a second, when he wrapped the tape around my hips. He didn't seem to hear it. "Hmmm... another 36 here," he smiled, a mischevious glint in his eyes. "What?" I asked him. "Why don't you show me if you can move you're hips?" he suggested, but the tone implied an order. I rolled my eyes, and he smirked. I dipped my hip low on the left, and brought it up and did the same on the right. He nodded, as if he approved or something. Noticing this, I decided to play with it. "Like what you see bad boy?" I asked him, tilting his face to look at me, a smirk playing on my lips, nothing wrong with shamelessly flirting with your best friend right? "Of course, you wouldn't be my best friend if I didn't like you!" he exclaimed killing my flirty comment. On the inside, I pouted, but on the outside, I cracked a smile. "Next," I told him. He stayed on his knees, and wrapped the tape around my waist. His face broke out into a giant grin. "24?" I asked, now fearing the answer. He nodded, and I groaned in frustration. "What?" he asked, confused. "Well, I'm built like an Amazon! I have the "perfect measurment" and I'm not even pretty!" I exclaimed. "What do you mean? You look fine to me," he explained. "You're my best friend! You're supposed to dice me that! It's a requirement of all best friends!" I yelled at him. "So back to "Three Questions", have you ever done something really embarassing in front of the guy you like?" he asked me, going back to the game. I just nodded. "So, what's you're favorite dance?" I asked him. "Hmmm... the one where I'm dancing with the girl to "When I Dip, You Dip, We Dip"," he confessed. "Uh! Hay cochino! Pervert! I swear you are such a teenage boy sometimes!" I accused. "Well, the last time I checked, I was a teenage boy," he chuckled. I crinkled my nose. "Ok, have you ever wanted to go clubbing?" he asked. "Actually, it's "Ladies Night" at a local teen club, and I was wondering if you wanted to go with me," I admitted, not telling the full truth though. "Sure if we can get permission from Chiron!" he exclaimed obviously elated. I smiled widely, and nodded. "Who's your celebrity crush?" I asked. "Hmm... that's hard, can I have more than one?" he asked, trying to decide. "Sure, you can have three," I told him. "OK, Selena Gomez, Avril Lavigne, and that chick from Evanescence," he told me. "Haha, Ok," I laughed. "So, how about you're three?" he asked. "That's no fair! I have four!" I yelled at him. "Fine, your four," he gave. "Josh Hutcherson, Justin Bieber, Logan Lerman, and Taylor Lautner!" I squealed. "Oh. My. Gods. It's the Apocalypse!" he screamed. "Why?" I asked, confused by the statement. "My best friend has Bieber Fever!" he said, as if it made him sick. "Well, the game is up, so, what do you want to do now?" I asked him. "Wanna duel?" he asked. I was about to answer when some of the Aphrodite girls walked in in their designer clothes. Jenna, Aly, and Sasha to be exact. Sasha in a sparkly pink dress, and stilettos, Jenna in a camp tee, miniskirt, and heeled sneakers, Aly, the "tomboy" of the group wore a camp tee, short shorts, and heeled ankle boots. They all hate me because I'm Nico's best friend. They were like his fan club, and Sasha just had to have him. Nico hated her! He just wanted her to leave him alone. "Look what the cat dragged in!" Sasha greeted me in her high nasaly voice. "Look what the wind blew in!" I greeted her sarcastically happy. "Nico, what are you doing hanging out with the likes of that ?" she asked, pointing a pink painted fingernail at me. "Yeah," her sisters echoed, disgusted. "Because the likes of that (insert my shocked face here), is my girlfriend!" he shouted, defending me and obviously not realizing what he said. Sasha looked absolutely furious. She marched her designer butt over to the spot right in front of me, and slapped me, with her hand clawed. Chiron had always told me "Don't lose your temper. Count down from