Semblance : to resemble; outward appearance especially when the reality is different; aura Disclaimer : I don't own anything related to the Harry Potter universe. All characters, locations, and underlying storyline is J.K. Rowling's. I am thankful she gives her blessing to fans who are inspired by her universe and want to write fanfiction. A/U & Assumptions for this Story : 1. Dumbledore was still alive for the Battle of Hogwarts, will cover it more in future chapters 2. Harry, Ron, & Hermione are present at Hogwarts for their 7th year, will cover it more in future chapters 3. Snape survived (OBVIOUSLY, say it with me, in his voice). Snape WILL be compliant with canon character/personality. 4. Hermione may seem like a Mary-Sue in this 1st chapter. She will NOT be depicted that way in every chapter though. Prologue (April 28, 1998) Sybill Trelawney convulsed on the floor, her face distorted. Two pairs of pale blue eyes watched her with concern. Her voice rumbled out, filling the headmaster's office: " The dark lord approaches… The girl with 'very little aura' is called…against her will… To the place where the Grindylows sleep She will go to the one whom you trust They are in grave danger…" Albus Dumbledore gave a quick nod, interpreting her meaning. "Fawkes," he called. The bird gracefully swooped down to him, landing on his outstretched arm. He whispered something in the creature's ear, gently stroking its colorful feathers. Giving it a pat, he moved his arm up and the magnificent bird flapped its wings, causing loose parchment on the desk to fly into the air. The bird soared out the window, flying slowly, watching the school grounds. Minerva McGonagall looked back and forth from Trelawney to Dumbledore in alarm. A few more jerks and then Trelawney went rigid. Her eyes glazed over. Her chest heaved upwards and she made a sound as if she was trying to suck all of the air out of the room and into her body. Silence for a few seconds and then a loud gurgling sound, that seemed to echo off the walls, filled the office. McGonagall clutched at her heart, truly terrified, but Dumbledore stood patiently his hands clasped in front of him, watching Trelawney expectantly. " Seven will approach seven, in the seventh year Evil will not rest. The two who will rot in the cage The two who held hands at birth Two pureblood snakes, coiled together in marriage The one thought to be eliminated by a kiss The Outside threatens those Within…" "Minerva," Dumbledore's deep voice made McGonagall jump, she had been so transfixed on Trelawney. "Make sure you keep this memory protected. It's of utmost importance." She could only nod in response, as she stood trembling; horror, she could not hide, etched across her face. But Sybill Trelawney's Sight had more to reveal… Chapter 1 (5 Years Later…) Hermione Granger looked up at the castle with the same optimism and wonder she'd had as a first year student. A flood of memories washed over her. Some painful, some truly awful, but most were happy, comforting, or bittersweet to say the least. She adjusted the straps of her bulging book bag. The straps dug into her shoulder as the weight of it bore down upon her. She had over prepared. Again. Oh well , she sighed. No use in denying it. She was an overachiever. But , she reasoned, being an overachiever has certainly gotten me places in the last 5 years . Only 23-years-old she had built up quite a distinguished resume since leaving Hogwarts in 1998. The students who survived the Battle of Hogwarts had been allowed to take the N.E.W.T. exams in the fall after months of recuperation and the restoration of the school. Then the 7th year classmates went their separate ways. Well, mostly. She, Ron, and Harry continued to remain pretty much inseparable. The three of them rented a flat in London as they all went to work for the Ministry of Magic; the two boys as Aurors and she, interning for the Department of International Magical Cooperation. Harry and Ginny became an official couple just weeks after the battle, although Hermione had a feeling they had been secretly dating since Bill and Fleur's wedding, probably wanting to avoid Ron's reaction for as long as possible. Ginny moved in with them soon after her own graduation in 1999, much to Ron's discomfort at first. But the apartment proved to be just a little too snug with four occupants, and they decided to part ways in regard to their living conditions. Hermione found a quaint little cottage for herself on the outskirts of London, happy to have a refuge from society, a place where she could curl up with a book or turn to research for days without anyone interrupting her. Her friends argued against her habit to be a social recluse, so she made sure to join them just enough to stop their pestering and appease them. Ginny and Harry found an apartment in a trendy part of the city, a district with lots of shops and nightlife to offer. Unwilling to move out of the original apartment, Ron talked Neville, who had joined Harry and Ron as an Auror, into moving in with him and the two grew closer than anyone expected. But now Hermione was back at the school, her eyes fixed with determination. She entered the castle and made her way towards the headmistress's office. Despite her attempts to tame her unruly hair, the July humidity had force wayward curls to break loose from her knotted updo. She felt most uncomfortable wearing heels, she loathed high heels, but Ginny had insisted that these were the only shoes that worked well with the pinstripe pencil skirt Hermione had chosen to wear. So she stumbled along, pretending like she knew how to walk in heels, her feet feeling raw and aching terribly. She smiled and greeted the portraits she passed. Despite any physical discomfort, she felt happy, as if she was coming home from a long vacation. This just feels right. "This is an impressive resume, Ms. Granger, especially for someone as young as yourself. But that doesn't surprise me, you were always a go-getter. Top of your class, ambitious, had a good head on your shoulders. You've made both Hogwarts and Gryffindor proud." Hermione beamed under McGonagall's praise. Her former house head had always been at the top of Hermione's list to impress and please. The older woman looked out over her glasses, perched on the end of her nose, studying Hermione. "I do find it interesting that you applied for the position of Potions Professor. I knew you excelled at that subject, but I didn't know it was that great of an interest for you." "Well," Hermione leaned forward, her eyes merry, her face lit up with excitement. "I don't want to limit myself just yet. I want as much experience as I can get in various fields. But I've always thought I'd like to teach at some point and with my high N.E.W.T. scores in Potions, I feel as though I am capable of teaching this subject. I'm also interested in potion experimentation, with the access to research the school allows. It coordinates with some growing interest I have in eventually combining my previous work with the International Community with medical research at St. Mungo's." "Oh my, Ms. Granger, you are even more driven that I realized," McGonagall's eyes were tearing up, pride radiated from her face. "Well, my dear, as you know, step two of the hiring process is an interview with other faculty members and then I will confer with them privately for the final decision. But as far as I'm concerned you are a top candidate and would be a great addition to our faculty. You have always been a natural leader and teacher. And I would love to see you lead Gryffindor House, with all the dignity and courage you had as a student." "Thank you, Prof-I mean Headmistress McGonagall," Hermione blushed at her gaffe. "I truly appreciate your encouraging words and consideration." Hermione smiled warmly at the woman, standing up and gathering her bag and folders. She held out her hand confidently to McGonagall before turning her attention to Dumbledore's portrait. "Headmaster Dumbledore," she said respectfully. She looked up and tapped her hand over her heart a couple of times. "I'll give Harry your love, of course." Minerva turned towards Dumbledore's portrait after Hermione retreated, her eyes still shimmering. "Just look at our girl now. She's the embodiment of youth and vitality." Dumbledore nodded approvingly. "Indeed. And she has a much more important role to play than she ever imagined. You must begin to prepare, make sure they stay the course." Minerva looked concerned. "But, Albus, wouldn't that be tampering with the prophecy if I get involved?" He shook his head, stroking his beard thoughtfully. "No, you are merely assisting the prophecy. Similar to the ways I assisted Trelawney's earlier prophecies. She may be pliable enough. He , on the other hand-" "I know," Minerva responded, her voice resigned. Hermione left Headmistress McGonagall's office with a bounce in her step, completely forgetting the pain in her feet. She couldn't contain her smile, optimistic that this next adventure would be just as wonderful as her former jobs with the Ministry. Practically skipping down the stairs she failed to notice Severus Snape lurking at the bottom, still in his routine habit of hiding in the shadows. His perpetual scowl deepened. What is she doing here? He took to the stairs she just descended, taking two or three at a time, his school robe swishing around his legs. He was out of breath by the time he knocked on Minerva's door. "Severus, what can I do for you?" "What was she doing here?" "Who?" "Granger. Ms. Granger, I mean." He shot a quick look at Dumbledore's portrait, his eyes apologetic for his slip. "She applied for your old position." "Potions Professor? Is she even qualified? She still looks like a student." Minerva laughed. "Oh Severus. It's been five years. She's in her mid 20s now. And while…yes, I agree, she's a bit fresh faced, I think she would breathe a lot of that youth and energy back into this place. The faculty is so…old." Snape grimaced. But Minerva continued, "plus, weren't you nearly the same age when Albus hired you?" She raised her eyebrows at him, tilting her head. "He was even younger," Dumbledore chimed in, his voice amused. Snape rolled his eyes. "Well I didn't think she had that much interest in the subject, other than memorizing all the information and rattling off answers like an encyclopedia." "Severus," Minerva gave him a reproachful look. Snape sunk into a chair, slouching like a teenage boy. "We will be interviewing her as a faculty at the end of the week. You can test her aptitude then. But her resume is quite impressive." She handed him a piece of parchment. He read it wearily. Hermione Jean Granger Education : Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry 1991-1998 Work Experience : Ministry of Magic, Department of International Magical Cooperation, 1998-2000 Intern Ministry of Magic, 2000-2003 Special Assistant to Minster of Magic, Kingsley Shacklebolt N.E.W.T. Achievements : Outstanding Marks-Arithmancy, Ancient Runes, Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Potions, Transfiguration Exceeds Expectations-Herbology Special Skills & Interests : Muggle Experience, Care of Magical Creatures, Diplomacy, Education, Conversational French, Experimental Charms and Potions He snorted his disapproval. He hoped it drove her crazy that she only got an Exceeds Expectations in Herbology. He wish he could have seen her face when she received her N.E.W.T. letter. "So, we'll be interviewing her Friday. Now will you stay and join me for some tea?" Snape nodded, rubbing his forehead, the crease between his eyes deepening. "Is this how you felt when your former students started getting hired?" "Oh probably. I went ballistic when you were hired," Snape