When Haymitch first laid eyes on Effie Trinket, he knew he'd never despise a woman more. She was everything he hated about the Capitol, an absurdly dressed, ignorant abomination of a human. He hated her shrill Capitol accent, her vomit-colored wigs, and the obnoxious clicking that her heels made as she made her way down the tile corridors of the justice building. "Nice to meet you," she said, reaching a hand out for him to shake, "I remember your games, it was quite the year!" Her enthusiasm for the year that his entire world was demolished made him want to puke on her already-vomit-colored blouse, although the sudden wave of nausea could've been related to the bottle of whiskey he'd already downed, despite the fact that it was only eight in the morning. Instead of shaking her outstretched hand, he spit on it. She gasped, her smile fading. He was certain that if she hadn't had five layers of makeup on her face, her face would be crimson. "Pleasure to make your acquaintance, sweetheart ," he said, his gruff voice dripping with alcohol and sarcasm. The first year was definitely the worst. She hadn't realized how much work went into making the children perfect, only to watch them die on the television screen. She and Haymitch had sat on the sofa in District 12's apartment, having had given up on trying to get their tributes sponsors. The stylists had gone home, as they typically did right after their tributes were sent off. The girl had died at the cornucopia within five minutes and the boy was utterly hopeless at that point. Haymitch took a swig from the bottle in his hand as the screen showed their tribute, lying in the bushes, bleeding to death from a knife wound that a career had inflicted on him. They'd tried their hardest to get him sponsors, so they could get him something to help at least numb his pain, but the odds were not in his favor. The Capitolites were too hung up on an attractive, charming boy from District 4 to pay any mind to the small kid from the mining district. Haymitch was used to the rejection, but it was all new to Effie. When the cannon indicating his death finally went off, she burst into tears. Her gold makeup streamed down her face, making it appear as if gold was melting on her porcelain face. She leaned over and buried her face in his shirt. He let her cry on his shoulder, not because he felt any compassion for her, but out of sheer laziness and the effort it would take to reach up and push her heavy-wigged head off of his shoulder. "It gets easier," he mumbled, his voice slurring, "trust me." He offered her his half-empty bottle and she took it without argument. She swore to herself that she'd never let herself go like that ever again. She'd treat the tributes more like clients than friends. She couldn't let herself get attached. She wouldn't let herself get hurt again. Effie was disgusted by Haymitch. Every part of him was something she had an unwavering distain for. She hated how he always smelled of liquor and how he gave up on every set of tributes they were given. She hated him, so she didn't realize how comfortable she'd become with him and hadn't noticed the slow shift from her wishing his liver would just give up already to being generally content in his presence. Nobody else could see the shift either, since she'd still yell at Haymitch often for his idiotic ways, but her insults had subconsciously become more lighthearted and joking. They'd both known Katniss and Peeta were different from most of their tributes from the minute Katniss had volunteered for her sister at the reaping. Katniss had something that was rare in the district's tributes; she had a will to survive. And Peeta's unique trait was his heart and his selflessness when it came to Katniss. It was the first time that Haymitch and Effie had actually been sent back to the apartment. The stylists had stayed that time under Cinna's orders. He believed from the beginning that Katniss would win; they all did. They all sat on the sofa this time, watching the finale of the games. Effie was on the edge of her seat and Haymitch smiled slightly at her unwavering sense of hope. A bottle of champagne sat on the coffee table, just in case, but Haymitch knew that Cato was a tough competitor. It was very unlikely that either one of their tributes could kill him. Still, though, they watched. By the time the screen showed that Katniss and Peeta were the only remaining tributes, everyone was on the edge of their seats. Effie grabbed Haymitch's hand and squeezed it and their eyes locked for a moment, sorrow in both of their eyes. There had to be only one victor. Katniss pulled a handful of nightlock from her pocket and the room went silent. "No," Effie breathed. "They have to have a victor," Haymitch said, pulling his hand away from Effie's, "they have to or their whole system will be broken. It's genius." He laughed, placing the small flask he'd been drinking from on the table in front of him. "It's perfect." "What are you talking about?" Effie snapped. "Just watch." Instead of tears and whiskey, the seventy-fourth games ended in cheers and champagne. Effie poured the drinks, handing each of them a half-full glass of the bubbly liquid, knowing that they'd all have work to do. The stylists left to prepare Katniss and Peeta's final interview outfits, leaving Haymitch and Effie alone on the sofa, sipping on their champagne. They were now facing each other, talking about the games and about its victors. It crossed Effie's mind that this was probably the only conversation they'd had with each other that had involved more smiles than bickering. Haymitch noticed that the red faux flower in Effie's wig and, although he usually wouldn't do anything, he reached up and pushed it back in place. Her breath caught in her chest as she felt his hand brush against her ear. He'd always been cautious around her, careful not to touch her, as if her Capitol ignorance was contagious. He leaned his face slowly toward hers, not fully knowing what he was doing with the champagne emotions guiding him. She smelled of some kind of flower he couldn't quite place a name to. He smelled of alcohol. Their lips were inches away from touching, but he pulled back abruptly. "What am I doing?" he said, standing up, "I have to go check on the lovebirds, make sure they came back all in one piece." He quickly fled the room, shaking his head. They avoided each other for the rest of the time Haymitch was in the Capitol. The next time they saw each other, it wasn't in the Capitol or even in the justice building, but in his own home, the day before the quarter quell's reaping. He heared the click click click of her heels on the paved sidewalk that led to his house in Victor's Village before he saw her, the sound piercing the stark silence that surrounded the secluded area of District 12, and he knew who was coming before she even got to the door. He didn't expect her to look so distraught, though, makeup smudged slightly, as if she'd been crying and had tried her hardest to fix it quickly. He hadn't seen her anything less than giddy since the end of the first games she escorted for. "Why are you here?" Haymitch asked sharply. He'd just gotten up and hadn't had time to pour a drink yet. His head ached from the hangover he'd woken up with. "Isn't it awful?" Effie exclaimed, ignoring his question, "how could they do this?" "They can do whatever they want. I'm used to getting screwed over by the Capitol." His irritation was obvious. "Can I come in?" she asked quietly. "Do what you want." He retreated inside and she followed him, crinkling her nose because the place reeked of alcohol. She stepped over the trash and clothes that littered the floor and made her way to the sofa, sitting down. He grabbed a bottle from a cabinet in the kitchen and sat in an armchair across the room from her. "Can we talk?" she said quietly, her focus directed on a loose string on her skirt, which she tugged at carefully. Haymitch noted that her Capitol accent grew more subtle when she talked softly. "Depends." "I don't know if I can do it," she said, sounding unusually small, " I don't know if I could sentence you to your death. Any of you ." He chuckled. "How is it any different from the way you sentence kids to death every year?" "I just, I care about all of you. I know you." "Why are you here?" The question took her by surprise and she looked up at him, their eyes meeting. "I- I don't know," she stuttered, "I guess I was just hoping you'd say something that would make me not care if you died." He raised the bottle he'd been holding to his mouth and tilted his head back. "Do you want me to? I can come up with some pretty shitty things to say about you." "No." Silence filled the air. "I shouldn't be here," she said, her accent becoming more shrill and her voice becoming louder, "you're a filthy drunk and you'll never understand." He stood up and grabbed her shoulder forcefully, turning her so she was facing him. "I don't understand?" he snarled, "You think I don't understand what it's like to lose people I care about? People like you murdered my entire family. They took away every person in this world I cared about. And you're telling me that I don't understand pain. I understand pain all too well." His expression frightened her and for a moment, she thought he'd certainly wrap his large hands around her neck to strangle her. "I'd rather be a filthy drunk who understands than an ignorant bitch like you." Tears filled her eyes. "Help me understand, then," she whimpered. She was sick and tired of being called ignorant, but deep down she knew that it was true. He let go of her shoulder and grabbed her face, pulling her lips to his forcefully. "Now go pull my name out of that bowl," he said, his voice low and aggressive, "and you'll know just a miniscule amount of the pain I know." Effie was shaking as she reached into the bowl of girls' names that only contained one slip of paper. She was trying, with difficulty, to hold herself together. She had to be that optimistic, bright escort that everyone despised. After she called the inevitable name and Katniss took her place on the stage, not even having to be directed to do so, she held her breath and reached into the second bowl. Her hands quaked as she unfolded the slip of paper she held in her hands. She only had to glance at it to know what it said. She couldn't breathe, but she maintained her painted-on smile. "Haymitch Abernathy." She felt a sick sense of relief when Peeta volunteered to take his place, because as much as she adored Peeta, she couldn't stand to lose Haymitch. Knowing this made her realize how selfish she really was and was disgusted with herself. As they boarded the train to the Capitol, Haymitch nudged her and whispered, "how did it feel?" She acted as if she didn't hear him. She didn't address his question until after Katniss and Peeta had gone to bed on the train. Everything was quiet and they both sat on the sofa, Effie sitting straight up with her ankles crossed and Haymitch all but passed out drunk. "I'm sorry," Effie