Disclaimer: I own no part of the twilight series and am not making money from this story. A.N. I'm not too sure I like how this turned out, maybe it's just me… Victoria "Hello again, Victoria," the voice of my torturer spoke from directly next to me. I flinched and flitted away only to find no one was there. Looking around in fear I saw no one, just trees, and bush in every direction. A sigh of relief escaped my lungs as I settled onto a fallen over the tree, I was exhausted, hungry, but I vowed not to feed on a human again. Not after he made me feed on a little girl. My undead heart clenched in my chest as the sight of the scared little girl's life was drained by my hands once again. "What's wrong Vikki? Can't handle a little girl?" a sickening laugh came from behind me, I jumped up and whirled around, coming face to face with James, "Hello my baby." "I'm not your baby!" I roared, lunging at the man only to pass right through him, landing face first on the floor. "Yes, you are, and you know it, why else would you have done all those nasty things for my amusement?" he asked standing over me, a manic smile on his face. "I-I didn't," I stuttered, "I was confused! You manipulated and humiliated me!" I screamed, wishing I could cry. "You wanted to do these things, you took your own pleasure in it," he sneered. "You know nothing about me! I was just a pawn for you to use, destroy then discard!" "And I'd do it again," a sinister laugh escaped his throat as he faded away. I rose to my feet, hearing the light cracking of a stick breaking in the far distance, something was running from me. A long whiff of the surrounding air told me it was just an animal, but my instincts told me to feed on it. Screamed at me to feed on it. Adhering to my instincts as they always kept me alive, I rushed after the animal at full force. "So this is what you've become?" James said as he appeared, running along beside me. "chasing after an animal for sustenance?" "Shut up!" I screamed, "Leave me alone!" "Make me," he laughed before fading away again. Focusing back on the task at hand I dodged my way through countless trees, hunting the hunter that had quickly become my prey. As I came closer to it, I saw it was a very large grizzly bear, lumbering along through the forest like it owned the place. I guess in a way it did, but then again, I was here now, and it was about to go down. I threw my arms around it, sinking my teeth into its furry flesh immediately while it thrashed around trying to kick me off. I held fast, taking this thing was so much more different than a human, but as its blood slipped over my tongue, I knew the nourishment was going to be enough to keep me alive. Not as satisfying as human blood, but it was enough, enough to keep me alive, enough to survive. Pulling away from the now limp beast, my mouth dripped with blood, a somewhat satisfied smile spread over my lips. Blood dripping down my chin, I felt full for the first time in weeks and was going to savor the feeling. I ran through the forest, using my strength to tear through trees rather than dodge them, kicking up soil and the like as I did so. Dirt flying everywhere as I laughed happily and genuinely for the first time in centuries. I loved the feeling of being happy, a feeling that I'd missed for so long I'd almost forgotten what it felt like. Rosalie I stormed out of the house in a huff, after the fiftieth lecture from Carlisle and Esme. Telling me to make sure I 'watch where I was going' and crap like that thanks to one blunder that almost led to war with the Quileute wolves. After a meeting with Sam Uley, he was quick to accept that it was a careless mistake, although I had the feeling that he only accepted that because his pack was somewhat small. But it didn't really matter, until a few days ago anyway, as the rest of my family started smelling wet dog all around town. But whenever they smelt it I couldn't smell anything other than a soft, alluring scent. They all thought I was mad and vice-versa. Not that that really mattered, at the moment, the scent was always old, fleeting, and today was the first day of school that we apparently had to go too. Because after two years, the start of school will have changed drastically. I groaned as I jumped into my car and sped towards the school campus by myself, wanting to be alone before school started where I wouldn't be alone at all for endless hours. I arrived at the school within minutes, I sat and waited in my car, just letting my mind wander before the dreaded bell or knocking on my window came. I let my mind wander to the alluring scent that seemed to pop-up around town every-now-and-again. As always when I thought or smelt the scent the blood started pumping to parts below my jeans, creating a rather annoying problem as my extra appendage started to swell. I quickly stopped my thoughts, at least this was one problem I was able to somewhat control. I opened my door and slipped out of my car after hearing the tell-tale sound of my siblings approaching my car. They all smiled as they approached me, but I couldn't bring myself to smile back, I was still frustrated from all their annoying pestering. "Hey Rose, you doing okay? You left the house pretty quick today," Alice asked from her usual spot beside Jasper. I grunted and nodded, "Fine, just wanted to be alone." "You sure? You seemed pretty angry when you left, almost shattered the windows around the front door with how hard you slammed the thing," Edward jumped in quickly. "I'm sure," I couldn't help but smile at the concern coming from each of them, "Just over the continuous lectures." They nodded in agreement, they may not be receiving the lectures themselves, but if they were in the house, they definitely heard them. And the lectures were fine to deal with at first, but Carlisle and Esme being as overprotective as they are, the lectures just kept on coming. The loud 'thunk' of two car doors closing sounded before a strong, alluring scent drew my attention in the direction of a red truck. Taking a long whiff, I sighed in contentment as I gazed at the almost painfully beautiful girl that just jumped out of the car. Her long black hair cascading down over her shoulders, while her body was wrapped in tight skinny jeans and a plain black shirt, the V-neck dipping ever so slightly. Her arms were bare, and I could clearly see her highly toned muscles underneath pearly white skin. As my eyes raked over her form I heard a low growling from Edward, he was staring hungrily at the girl that had gotten out of the driver's side of the truck. His eyes had changed to pitch black, not even the slightest hint of gold left in them. Emmett grasped his shoulder with an intense strength as Edwards growl slowly grew louder. "Don't you dare," the quiet whisper drifted to my ears, and I stared in shock at the black-haired girl. She glared daggers at each of my family before her gaze came to me, I expected the same heated glare, but instead, her face softened ever so slightly before she quickly turned her head and rushed off. I turned and focused on Edwards, his eyes had started to slowly return to their natural color as he stared at the spot the brunette once stood. "You okay Ed?" Emmett asked softly, turning him around and away from the now vacant space. "I-I don't know," he whispered, "All I wanted to do was run over to her and, just, drink her dry." Jasper looked at him sadly, "I think he found his singer… The hunger I felt from him almost made myself lose control." "This isn't good," Alice sighed, "Not only do we now know the wolf on our territory, but Edward…" Alice's voice was drowned out by my own thoughts as I wondered what she meant, how does she know who the wolf is? How were the rest of us supposed to know? I glanced at the short girl, quickly interjecting into whatever they were talking about, "How do we know who the wolf is? And who is it?" "Wait, you really can't smell it?" Alice asked, my siblings staring at me in shock, other than Emmett and Edward who I just realized had taken off somewhere, "I thought you were just messing with us." "I wasn't… so does that mean the girl that isn't Edwards singer is the wolf?" I asked surprised and confused. "Yeah, she is. But we should head in… Emmett can handle Edward." I nodded and slowly trudged into the school quickly finding my first class and sitting in the back row on the far end of the classroom. Knowing the humans would sit as far away from me as they could without even realizing it. I sighed as they slowly shuffled in, already bored and wishing for the day to be over. Hopefully, I could just stay home tomorrow without Esme and Carlisle being on my case. After what seemed like an eternity for everyone to settle in, the teacher closed the door and got to the lesson. Only to be interrupted by a soft knocking on the door, I groaned as I knew that there was only one seat left, and it was the one next to me. I'd be stuck next to an annoying human that couldn't help but shuffle out of instinctual fear. But as the door opened the strong, amazing scent flew my way like a strong gust of wind, I immediately looked up and saw the girl, who was apparently a wolf staring at me, a frown set on her face as she slowly approached me. I groaned inwardly, as she sat down heavily, clearly uncomfortable sitting next to me. "Hi," I greeted, trying to be polite but the only answer I received from the girl was a grunt, "Whatever," I grumbled before letting my mind wander again. With the girl sitting in such close proximity it was hard to think about anything but her. Her scent being so close was amazing, I'm not sure what it is, but it's amazing like every good scent had mingled together to create something absolutely beautiful. I glanced at her every now and again, always a different part of her body until my gaze landed on her right forearm. It was still useable as she was writing with her right hand, but the bandage covering it had the pit of my stomach filling with bile. A protective wave quickly washed over me as I glared at the offending white cloth covering some form of injury that I couldn't prevent. Quickly looking away and out the window, I sat there deathly still, confused at why I felt so protective over a girl I'd never even met before. A girl that was apparently a wolf, a girl that was supposed to be my enemy… a girl that looked and smelled so beautiful. I shook the thought from my head as I stared out the window, a hard look on my face. The entire class was complete agony as I tried to keep the smell out, tried to keep control of myself and my lower piece of equipment. If it was to get out, I doubt I'd