Say you'll see me again even if it's just in your wildest dreams Katniss Everdeen sat still as the makeup teams started working on some touch ups. She sighed and hoped that they would soon finish as they had only so much time to film with the temperatures rising; making it impossible for them to last long in the heat. They touched up some of her ruby red lipstick and they brushed on some powder over her face as the African temperatures and winds were murder on the makeup teams. Katniss glanced across the set and caught the eye of her co star, Peeta Mellark. He was sitting across the set waiting for her makeup touch ups to finish. He was known in several other films and Katniss considered herself honored to be able to work with him. He had started in the film business in the late forties and by the time that it was the fifties he was a large hit. As it was considered the height of his career Katniss was excited to see him in action; he had been portrayed as a man that often slept with his co stars. She easily noticed the way the sun glinted against his hair and one of the ways it made him even more attractive to her or even the blueness in his eyes. For whatever reason she had the urge to run her fingers through his hair and yet she knew that no such thing should happen and was heavily discouraged in their business. She knew that no matter how far they went that it would end the same way. There was no possible way that they could even relatively make it. Yet, she wanted to throw caution to the wind and do something that she had never done before. A makeup artist did a final fluff to her hair and she stood. Katniss walked over to where they were supposed to start shooting and could hear his footsteps approach her from behind. Katniss turned quickly and faced him. He shot a dazzling smile and tried to ignore the feeling she had at that simple of an action from him. "Action!" yelled the director. Katniss stood in front of him and tried to ignore the butterflies in her stomach as his hand caressed the side of her face. She knew that it was all acting yet to Katniss she felt some sort of real connection behind it all. She blushed and purposely looked down and quickly looked back up as he kissed her. His lips touched hers and she responded eagerly as they wanted projected. Katniss mechanically lifted her left leg as if he had that much of an impact on her even if he actually did. She could feel actual sparks flying and hated that he already had a slight hold on her. She prided herself on not getting attached, on being fine while moving on to the next person. She was relatively determined to cut away the hold that was being held on him. Yet as soon as the kiss had started they pulled away. Katniss put on a face as if he was the one for her or some other nonsense and he was wearing a mask that had a similar expression. "Cut!" the director yelled once more and Katniss sighed heavily. . . The salt air was a relief to the blistering hot temperatures of filming in the savannah. His arm was wrapped around her and she stared contently at the sunset. For the first time in a long time she felt safe. She felt safe in a man's arms that she shouldn't even be in. None of it should have even happened. There were several rumors that he was dating a Delilah Cartwright back in the United States and she prayed that they weren't true. Even if there was no chance of them ever making it; she wanted him to herself. His arm tightened slightly around her and she just smiled. One thing she had learned through her life was that she had to enjoy the life that she had. She had learned so when her father had died when she was eleven. Katniss slowly unwrapped his arm around her and held his hand in hers. He looked at her in surprise and raised an eyebrow at her. She simply smirked and slowly walked into the water. Once she was ankle deep she tried to pull him along with her. Peeta chuckled lowly and followed her out. She wrapped her arms around his neck and smiled up at him. "What's your favorite color?" asked Peeta simply. Katniss wrinkled her nose at the question and he just chuckled again. "Green," she said simply. "Yours?" "Orange," said Peeta as he looked out at the sunset over the horizon. "Like that?" asked Katniss as she pointed out at the sunset in the distance. Peeta nodded and kissed her. Instantly Katniss responded to his kiss and briefly hoped that he might remember her as she was in that night, basking in the sinking sun. . . His hand caressed the side of her face and Katniss wanted to pretend that it was all real for them. That there were no cameras and lights around them, with the crew members shouting orders at them. Katniss quickly recited her lines of undying love to him while he responded the same. Katniss' eyes lit up at the thought of it all being even remotely real; as if he was truly talking of his love and she of hers. If she did love him and was able to actually tell him, which was a large factor of it all; as Katniss had a hard time opening up to people. Katniss might actually be afraid of the effects of love, but she had always hoped that she could love someone as they loved her. A small part of her that she would rather not admit hoped that it would be Peeta that stole her heart. She had hardly spent time with him off of the set, yet the bit of time that she had she knew that he was a good man. One that was far too good for her, so another part of her wouldn't be surprised if he found someone else. Peeta's hand on her face felt heavenly, even if it was just pretend. She looked up at him from under her eyelashes as if to look coquettish and she was sure it worked. As soon as Katniss finished reciting her lines she was pleased to hear that the director didn't cut in and ask her to do something else as she enjoyed just how she was in that moment. With the sun shining behind them as it sunk over the horizon and her cheeks in a rosy blush a mixture of her makeup and the way she felt. . . The rushing water was like a lullaby that lulled her into a safe bliss filled state. It was another one of the times where she felt completely safe being in his company. His arms were wrapped around her in a tight but content grip. To Katniss it felt as if Peeta would be able to protect her from anything that were to happen and if she remained in his arms. The water made it feel as if the sun beating down on them was not as bad as it typically was. She stood looking out over the savannahs from where they stood at the top of the waterfall; the land looked calm and not as if there was a raging turmoil brewing between the two people. Katniss knew that the end was inevitable as almost all relationships like theirs was; it was doomed from the beginning. From their first kiss on the set; Katniss felt something that was tugging her to get closer to him and yet the other half of her wanted to run away as far as she possibly could. "Katniss," said Peeta breaking her out of her thoughts. Katniss craned her neck and grey eyes met blue. She hummed as a response of her acknowledging him, as it made her worry from the direction of her thoughts to actually being with him. "I hope that we'll be able to see each other again after this." said Peeta and Katniss felt her throat constrict in an unknown feeling at his simple words. It felt as if he was contradicting all else that she had known; and yet she still knew that what he had said was not going to happen. "I hope so too," said Katniss half heartedly. She hoped that he didn't detect anything in her voice as she would hate to voice her thoughts or worry about coming up with a lie of any sort. When he slowly moved her to so he could look at her Katniss was less worried that he bought her lie. They stood with their hips flushed against the other and Katniss hoped that they kid live in that moment forever. His lips captured hers in a fiery kiss and she ran her hands through his blonde curls. She felt his hands rest on her waist and reveled in his touch. Her lips moved in tandem with his and she smiled against his lips. With the sun against their skin, the rushing water behind them and to Katniss being able to be in Peeta's presence. It was like heaven to her. . . The hot air was suffocating her at least that was how it felt. She glanced out across the small lake that was in front of her. On the other side Katniss could see animals in their natural habitats. They were filming her for a scene of self reflection or something like that. She was not required to remember any lines, just to have the reflection on her face of being deep in thought. It was easy enough as she had had similar scenes through her acting career. It hurt her that the relationship she had would end and if she was judging correctly it would end soon. Even though she was aware of it from their first kiss that it would end badly and that she would end up hurting herself. . . His hands ran through her hair as it cascaded around their faces. It was as if it was a bubble to keep any intruders away from their private moment. He kissed her cheek and slowly his lips moved down her neck. Katniss relished in the feeling of his lips on her body and sighed dreamily. She was slowly memorizing the feel of his lips on her skin as she had the feeling that she would want to remember it for the future. Katniss sighed in contentment and heard Peeta growl at the small sound she made. It made her kind of happy that she held this over him and wouldn't be the only one in the fallout. And yet there was a small possibility that they would have the chance to be together. His hands caressed her face and her skin prickled at the feel. Katniss's fingers slowly traced his jaw line lightly as she ingrained it into her mind. His blue eyes were staring into hers with an intensity that she had never seen focused on her. It made her breath catch in her throat and she couldn't help but be awed by the man before her. He made her feel several things that she had never felt before and she hated that he caused this. She wanted to remember it for the rest of her life or if she found someone better. Yet, she doubted it she could. They spent some time together outside of filming; they visited a waterfall and a beach nearby. She had fun and wanted to spend more time with him and he wanted to spend more time with her. This was a relief to her to find