I took a deep breath before reaching for the phone. I couldn't put it off any longer; I had to call him. We hadn't spoken since I blew him off during their 'disagreement' with the Volturi. And I missed him. A lot. At times so much it hurt. It rang and rang before clicking over to voice mail. Not his voice mail but someone else's. My heart sank. "H-hi, it's…um…" I hung up, wanting to cry. It was no use. The number did not belong to one of them. I clenched my fist, shattering my phone into thousands of pieces. I didn't need it anyway. I didn't need him either, or so I tried to fool myself. I was a nomad; I didn't need anything, anyone . But still the desperate ache to see him burned inside of me. I missed his innocence, whether it was faked or real I shall never know, but it was beautiful, fascinating. I missed the light the he carried with him, a sense of belief and faith. And the golden eyes which captivated one's soul whenever he spoke; his voice melodic and fluent; his laugh musical. Most of all it was his sense of humanity that drew me in; the way he felt for every living thing, along with his strange self-doubt. Three days later I walked the streets in the pouring rain. I was no more alone than usual, but felt desolate, abandoned. For some reason that was beyond me I drifted into a town, being carried down the street by a raft of warm bodies. Each person I passed glanced up at my crimson eyes, first in question and then in horror. I didn't care; it didn't matter. It wouldn't make any difference to anyone if the Volturi killed me. Suddenly someone grabbed me, pulling me back into a shelter. "What the hell are you doing?!" Garrett demanded. "Do you have a death wish?" He was holding the tops of my arms so tightly it hurt. I stared at my feet, not having the words to answer. "Alistair?" he asked again. "Garrett, what's going on?" Tanya asked, appearing somewhere behind him. "This idiot just walked through a crowd of humans , risking exposing himself. You're going to get yourself killed!" he growled at me. "Why do you care?!" I spat at him, pushing him back and ripping away. We glared at each other across the small space. We used to be friends, but apparently not anymore. Tanya stepped in-between us. "Where am I?" I whispered to her, thoroughly confused as to how I had come across her coven in the first place. She smiled wearily. "You're in Alaska, Alistair." She touched my arm in the same place he had before squeezing my shoulder. "Oh…" I put my head down again and squeezed my eyes shut. This was too close to Forks. "What happened?" I shrugged but couldn't bring myself to look at her. "Do you want to come back with us?" she asked carefully. "Just until you get your bearings back?" I sniffed, trying not to cry again but nodding anyway. It was not my bearings that I wanted back. "Okay then, come on." She took my hand, coaxing me forward and toward their car. Garrett sat next to me but we didn't speak, didn't even look at each other. "Are you feeling okay, Alistair? I mean you're not sick?" Tanya asked, glancing back at me. I felt sick but it had nothing to do with a disease, only a general anxiety regarding a deep longing. I shook my head, letting my hair fall across my face. "He's shivering, maybe he has a flu or something," Kate interjected. "Kate, you could just ask him- never mind. Carlisle is coming later, would you let him help you?" At the mention of his name my throat became tight and I couldn't breathe. Stifled sobs shook me but I couldn't shut it off. "Hey, it's okay," Garrett murmured, hugging me tightly. I wanted to fight him off but couldn't bring myself to do it; I longed for the contact too much. "What happened, did you two have a fight?" he asked carefully, rubbing my back. I shook my head. "I just-just…miss him," I mumbled, gaining control of myself. Although it was embarrassing it felt better to have told someone. He smiled. "Well, he misses you too." I was glad I wasn't human; the heat would have rushed to my face. When I heard their car pull into the driveway I squeezed my eyes shut and ducked my head. There was a shuffling of feet and everyone except myself was moving. "Is Carlisle with you guys?" Garrett asked casually but I knew it was for my benefit. "No," Esme replied softly. "He's in hospital." That was enough. I ran upstairs to the room they had lent me, closed the door and curled up on the bed. I hugged my legs, trying to make myself as little as possible and buried my face in the blanket, trying to muffle the sounds of my sobs. What had happened to him to hospitalise him? Had someone hurt him? That wasn't fair- he was nice to everyone. He didn't deserve anything like that. And why wasn't Esme with him? That wasn't fair either, that he was all alone. I had a sudden thought that I could go to him if I could get information about where he was out of someone, but I shoved it away; he wasn't mine to worry about. Somewhere deep inside me that stung and brought on a whole new round of tears. I was at the point now where not only did I want him – I needed him. And I couldn't even see him. I cried until I felt as though I might throw up, desperately trying to calm down so I wouldn't have to explain to anyone why I was in this state in the first place. Eventually I exhausted myself enough that I could sleep lightly in fits and starts, but every time I woke up I was reduced to tears. Around 2am I awoke again, for some reason in more emotional pain the ever before. My stomach churned with anxiety. As much as I was relieved no one had come in, it burnt that I didn't have anyone who cared enough to check on me. I tried to drown my cries and semi-succeeded, but I feared they were still loud enough to be heard – not that anyone cared. I tightly squeezed my eyes shut, trying to think of something happy, but I came up with nothing. All I could think about was Carlisle. "Hey, Alistair, what's wrong?" someone asked softly. They slid their arms around my waist, pulling me upright and hugging me gently, giving me the comfort I so craved. "Car-lis-le…" I whimpered, my words broken by sobs. I felt too sick to say anymore. "Yes? What's wrong? What happened?" They pulled me back a bit, wiping the tears off my face. "Are you hurt?" I glanced up at them and suddenly realised who it was. The room spun but I was filled with an elated joy, an uttermost happiness, yet I could still not stop crying. I wrapped my arms around him, never wanting to let go again. "Please tell me what's wrong," he pleaded, rubbing my back. I couldn't bring myself to do it. "I-I'm okay," I squeaked instead. "Are you sure?" he asked carefully. I nodded, starting to calm a bit now I was close to him. "When did you get here?" I asked once I could speak normally again. I wiped my face dry. "Just now," he smiled. He sounded tired. "Esme said you were in hospital…" I squeezed him a little tighter, closing the space between us. "I hurt my hand; It wasn't anything too bad." "What'd you do?" I pressed, still incredibly worried. He laughed quietly and the sound made me smile. "I slipped over and bent my wrist the wrong way." "…Did you break it?" He nodded. "And that's all?" "Yes, Alistair, I'm fine," he chuckled. "I promise." "But you're warm," I pushed; sure he wasn't telling me something. "They gave me medication so it wouldn't hurt so much when they put the brace on. It raises your body temperature." "Okay. Do you feel okay apart from that?" "Yes." He paused for a minute and then shifted uncomfortably. "Hey Alistair? Can you, um, let go a little please?" he asked quietly. As he said it I realised my arms were aching from squeezing him so tightly. "Sorry." I stifled a yawn, tried again. "Sleepy, huh?" he teased, rubbing my side. "No." I protested, scared that he wouldn't be there if I went to sleep. "Sure," he chuckled. He lay down, still with his arms around me, and pulled me down with him so I was lying beside him. I cuddled into him without thinking about it, struggling to keep my eyes open. "I missed you," I whispered to him in the darkness. "I missed you too," he murmured. "You're nice to hug when you're warm." He didn't say anything, tired as well I guessed. "…Will you stay tonight?" I asked shyly, suddenly very insecure. "I mean…stay…with… me?" "Of course I will." I could tell he was smiling. "Thank you." In the morning I woke up with my arms wrapped tightly around Carlisle's waist, having moulded myself to the shape of him. Scared that he would be upset with me when he woke, I didn't dare move, just watched him. I couldn't help the small smile that grew across my face; he was completely adorable and I never had the chance to stare at him like I did now. I had never really thought about it before but he was incredibly attractive, pretty even though he was a guy. He stirred slightly so I withdrew my arms, pulling away from him as much as I could before I hit the wall. Theoretically I could see why two people weren't supposed to want to sleep together in a single bed, but I was absolutely loving having him this close to me. Even though we weren't touching I could feel the heat of him. When his breathing became irregular again I realised that he was awake too. Slowly, very, very slowly, he rolled over to we were lying face to face. I was acutely aware that his lips were inches from mine. "Do you have a good sleep?" I asked softy, unable to resist reaching up and brushing his hair off his face. He smiled a little and nodded, his hands fidgeting with the collar of my shirt. "I missed you, Alistair," he whispered shyly. "Like I missed you a lot…" I smiled back. "I missed you too, Carlisle-" I cut myself off when he hugged me tightly, closing the small space between us and burying his face in the crook of my neck. I rubbed my hand up and down his back. "We can't do that again, okay? Never again – I have to see or talk to you or something- more often than once every twenty years…" His body was trembling slightly and he was cuddling into me further. I let him, surprised. "Are you cold, my friend?" I asked, worried about his shaking. He shook his head. "I just don't want to go again. We have to leave today…" "Oh…okay…" I frowned, a lump forming in my throat. "Come on, you two love birds, out of bed," Garrett smirked, leaning on the door frame. His smile faded as he watched Carlisle. "Soon," I told him, giving Carlisle a little squeeze. He nodded in understanding and left again, closing the door properly. "Please Alistair…" he whispered desperately. "I promise, Carlisle," I told him, trying to pull him back a little so I could see his face but he wouldn't let me. I flipped him onto his back, lying on top of him with