Like so many fanfictions that feature Hermione and Bellatrix this story will include time travel. Although I have done a lot of research on JK Rowling's version of time travel I still find it rather vague and there are a lot of anomalies. So I apologise in advance for any weirdnesses in the time travel elements of the story but I have tried my best. I don't know why I love this pairing so much but the ideas for this story have been buzzing around in my head for so long. I hope you enjoy. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters, locations or concepts. A chilly September breeze whistled through the hallways of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry as Hermione Granger wandered through them, making her way to nowhere in particular. She couldn't stop herself from scanning the sandstone walls looking for scars left behind by the battle that had raged within the building only months before. She had spent the last few months working alongside Minerva Mcgonagall rebuilding Hogwarts to her former glory. Once the reconstruction was complete most other people had rushed away from the castle, eager to distance themselves from the horrors they had encountered there during the war with Lord Voldemort. Even her own best friend Harry Potter and boyfriend Ron Weasley couldn't wait to leave, desperate to get their careers as Aurors started. For Hermione Hogwarts was the only place she could imagine being, the brunette felt as though she had unfinished business with the old building. She was sure that if she changed her mind she could walk into any job at the ministry that she wanted, her reputation as the brains of the Golden Trio preceded her. But Hermione had always treasured her education and knew that were she to leave it unfinished she would spend the rest of her life regretting it. Although Hermione had been at Hogwarts for months the other students had only returned yesterday, classes were due to begin tomorrow giving everyone a chance to settle back in and the first years an opportunity to get themselves acquainted with the enchanted castle. During her first time at Hogwarts Hermione was used to wandering these halls and being ignored, she had never been the main attraction while Harry was around. But now that she was the only remaining member of the Golden Trio she could feel eyes on her everywhere and hear whispers around every corner. Right now for example she could sense the small group of first year Ravenclaws following her. The four girls had excitedly squeaked as she rounded the corner and they caught sight of her. Hermione had tried to lose them by picking up her pace and taking various random turns, but they seemed determined to stick at her heels whispering and giggling. The brunette witch thought that perhaps if she found somewhere to sit in the courtyard and read her book the first years might eventually get bored and leave her to her own thoughts. "Hi Hermione" An excited voice called as she stepped outside into the crisp air. She turned to look for the source of the voice, finding a 4th or 5th year Hufflepuff boy she did not recognise looking at her expectantly. "Erm…Hi" Hermione replied tentatively with a weak smile, trying to figure out if she had ever encountered the younger boy before. "How're you?" "I..I'm good thank you." The boy stuttered excitedly almost tripping over in his excitement to get a step closer to the brunette. "Are you ok?" Hermione used all of her strength to contain her sigh as she realised she did not know this boy at all. "Just fine thank you." She offered curtly before turning away from him and making her way over to one of the benches on the other side of the courtyard. The four Ravenclaw girls rushed over to the young man, even from this distance their excited chatter made its way to Hermione. "Do you know her?" one of the girls asked in an annoyingly high pitched voice. The Hufflepuff boy threw the girls a cocky smile. "I've seen her around the castle. When she was here, you know…before." One of the other girls gasped "Can you believe she spoke to you?" she asked the boy enthusiastically. "Maybe she'd talk to us if we went over to her." The annoying voiced girl said in an excited tone and all four girls huddled together and began chatting animatedly. All of this new attention unnerved Hermione greatly; she just wanted to sit her NEWTs and be left in peace. She had done her bit for the wizarding world, she had given up a year of her life, she had spent months living out of a tent, she had been tortured at the hands of Bellatrix Lestrange, she had wiped her parent's memories. Was being left alone too much to ask for? All of the eyes on her just served as a constant reminder that; although Voldemort was gone nothing was ever going to be like it was. Hermione made a spur of the moment decision to make her escape from the courtyard now before the Ravenclaw girls plucked up enough courage to come over to her. Hermione quietly stood up and headed to the one place she knew would be empty; quickly she made her way across Hogwarts' grounds treading a path she had walked many times over the last few months. A sense of utter relief crept into Hermione's bones as she jogged up the last few steps to the owlery and slipped through the doorway. She made her way to the back of the round room and hauled herself up on to her usual windowsill, peering through the glass at the sweeping landscape that surrounded the building. The Owelry had become her sanctuary as the months had passed; the soft hooting of the owls, rustling of feathers and haunting whisper of the wind calmed her mind in a way that nothing else could. As the summer had crept by she had begun to feel suffocated by her relationship with Ron and had sought out a place where she could just be. They had spent every single day together for months as they worked tirelessly to return Hogwarts to the beautiful building they all loved. Hermione had been excited to begin with, happy to have someone next to her at night to chase away the nightmares and relieved to have a loving family in the Weasley's after losing her parents. But as weeks became months Ron's constant closeness to her had started to frustrate her to no end. His hand was too clammy as he kept it permanently clasped around her own. He took up too much of the bed; always encroaching on Hermione's side until she almost fell out every time that she moved. He always wanted to kiss her when she was in the middle of something and looked like a puppy that had been kicked when she didn't respond with the fervour he was expecting. He didn't understand the way that she felt about things, being entirely unable to get his mind around why the brunette would want to remain at Hogwarts when the new term started. Ron wanted her to get a job in the ministry with him and for them to rent a flat in wizarding London, to get their lives together started as soon as possible. But Hermione had spent too much of her life beholden to somebody else's plan and somebody else's expectations of her. She wanted to do something for herself. She and Ron were not suited to one another and Hermione had begun to believe that their relationship may have all just been a kneejerk reaction to the confusion that surrounded the Battle of Hogwarts. She had wanted so desperately to feel grounded and to feel like she had some degree of control over just one element of her life and by kissing Ron she had taken that control. If she was brutally honest with herself she hadn't expected to survive the battle so hadn't expected to have to deal with the consequences of the kiss. As Hermione traced the Hogwart's Express track with her eyes until it disappeared behind the towering hills she prayed to whoever was listening that her feelings would change now that she had some time away from Ron. Now that she wasn't with him 24/7 she hoped some of the excitement she had originally felt might return because the thought of what would be left if they were to not work out terrified her. Ron had been her best friend and she knew they could not go back to that after they had been so intimate with each other. She was also acutely aware of the fact that it did not just affect the two of them; it would force Harry and Ginny to have to sit squarely in the middle of them and that was not a position she was prepared to put her best friends into. Hermione squeezed her eyes shut as she felt the tears sting, trying desperately not to let them fall. She knew that if she started now she would never stop. Taking deep gulps of the cold air she managed to compose herself just as she heard footsteps tapping up the staircase leading to the owlery. Her sanctuary had been invaded. She turned her head to the side, looking at the doorway, ready to face her intruder head on. Hermione couldn't help the smile of relief that cracked her face when she caught the flash of blonde hair as Luna dreamily skipped into the room. If anyone could make her feel better it was the younger witch. "Hi Luna" Hermione spoke softly to announce her presence to her friend. She was glad that the other girl had decided to return to Hogwarts this year, her warm nature was a great source of comfort to the bushy haired witch. "Oh hi Hermione." Luna looked her way. "I haven't interrupted a deep thought have I? I fear I have a bad habit of doing that." The girl continued with a worried expression in her blue eyes. Hermione released a breathy laugh. "I think you may have. But believe me; you are doing me a favour. If I'm left alone with my own thoughts for too long I start to let them get on top of me." Luna moved closer to Hermione, smiling a crooked smile as she leant her back against the windowsill close to the brunette's feet. The Blonde witch stood looking out at the room and Hermione could see the younger girls face in profile as her eyes danced up to the rafters of the owlery looking for creatures most could only imagine. "They say a problem shared is a problem halved." Luna offered, giving Hermione a chance to put voice to her worries if she wished to but not demanding anything of her. Hermione heaved a heavy breath. "I was just thinking about Ronald." "Hmmm…yes." The blonde hummed pensively. "I have often thought you two to be an odd match." "Luna how did you…" Hermione paused shaking her head in disbelief at the younger witch essentially being able to read her mind. She had offered such little information. "How did you know that was what I was thinking about?" "Ron is a good person." Luna replied, ignoring Hermione's question all together. "But you need someone who challenges you, someone who matches your fire. Harry would have been a better choice, but he loves Ginny." She continued as if she was discussing the choice between having jam and marmalade on her toast. "People underestimate you Luna, did you know that?" Hermione asked rhetorically as she let her head fall back against the window frame. She scanned the rafters herself as she allowed herself to wrap her mind around what Luna had said. She did need someone to match her, to push her and