i. glowing (the hunger games) When Primrose Everdeen's name is called, all of District 12 falls deadly silent. So quiet you could hear a pin drop. Or, more precisely, a heart break. Katniss watches her little sister slowly make her way up to the stage, with her braided pigtails and her loose duck tail and the softly trembling lip she's trying to hide, and Katniss feels her world shatter. She runs after her—even after the Peacekeepers restrain her, she's still running—and she's screaming, yelling, fighting, crying, Prim come back, please don't take her, I volunteer as tribute, take me instead, just let her come back. Prim is so young; her name is only in there once. First-year reapings are always the cruelest. Then, Effie Trinkett's sharp, saccharine voice: "Volunteering is not allowed, dear." Then, Gale comes up behind Katniss, wraps his arms around her waist, lifts her swiftly off her running feet, and carries her away. Then, Prim doesn't come back. -::- When Peeta Mellark's name is called, all of District 12 falls deadly silent. No one tries to volunteer in his place. No one makes a sound. -::- They let family visit the tributes for a last goodbye. Katniss holds Prim's face into her hands. "You're going to win this thing, okay? You're going to win the Hunger Games and you're going to come home. I don't care if the other tributes are bigger, older, stronger. You're small and you're quick, Prim, and that's an advantage. If anyone tries to kill you, you just run as fast as you can. Do that for me, okay Prim? You're going to live. Oh Prim, you're going to live." Prim smiles a teary, beautiful smile. "I'm going to live." -::- Peeta is quite surprised when Katniss Everdeen barges into his room. The Peacekeepers are calling for her to leave, visiting is over, but she doesn't listen. She walks straight up to him, grabs a fistful of his shirt, and pulls him close until their faces are practically touching. "Protect my sister." And then she's gone, leaving him standing there, heart pounding fast and the front of his shirt still wrinkled. -::- During the entire train ride to the Capitol, Effie goes over the schedule at least seventeen times, Haymitch remains drunk into oblivion, and Peeta and Prim feel very awkward not knowing where to sit, what to touch, what to eat. It's strange, being treated to such luxuries after being selected for the worst fate. Peeta can't help thinking all the delicacies are like a prisoner's last meal. One morning, as Effie and Haymitch bicker over his perpetual drunkenness, Peeta senses that Prim is staring at him but whenever he turns his head, she's always looking away. Finally, on the fifth try, he catches her staring. Her beautiful blue eyes widen and she blushes, but she doesn't look away this time. Peeta makes a face, imitating Effie, and Prim laughs. That's the exact moment when Peeta Mellark and Primrose Everdeen become friends. -::- Cinna and Portia had something brilliant planned for the parade, but after realizing District 12's female tribute is much smaller than anticipated, Cinna flew into a frenzy working on a new, even more brilliant plan. After hours of prepping, Peeta and Prim arrive at their designated chariot wearing what appear to be black unitards. Cinna simply looks at his work with pride. "I can't believe I didn't realize this before. The tributes always wear matching outfits. But we want to stand out. We want to capture everyone's attention right on District 12. No, your outfits will complement each other. You'll see." Suddenly, Prim's black suit is turning red, then brighter and brighter until she's glowing. Next to her, Peeta's suit ignites in dazzling flames. "Originally, you were both going to be on fire. But Primrose is too sweet to be adorned in flames. Primrose, you are ember, coal glowing hot. Peeta, you are fire, coal burning bright. District 12, you are so much more than coal miners, you are bringers of light." With Cinna's magnificent costumes, Peeta and Prim ride into the finale of the parade. He grabs a hold of her small hand. "Ready?" "Ready." And then there they are, the bringers of light, the tributes from District 12, lighting up the big screen as all eyes turn to them. Peeta gives one small wave to the audience and they cheer loudly in response. He gives Prim an encouraging nod for her to do the same. Prim is so shocked, nervous, and overwhelmed, she can only manage to smile. But all Prim needs to do is give one small adorable smile to the audience and their hearts melt. That night, the only thing anyone in the Capitol can talk about is the boy on fire and the precious little girl who glowed. -::- They train and it becomes very evident that Prim cannot hold any weapons. Mostly because she's not strong enough to use a knife or dagger or bow, but also because seeing cute little Primrose Everdeen in possession of a weapon makes you want to cry. Even the specialized trainers at the weapon stations take pity and often watch her struggle with sad eyes. After Prim nearly injures herself trying to shoot an arrow ("Like my sister Katniss does, yeah?") Peeta ends her martial training and ushers her to the other stations. Trap-making, knot-tying, camouflage-painting, poisonous-plant-identifying. "It's okay, Prim. There are different ways to go about the games. You don't need the knives. If you master these stuff, you could hide out eating berries something and just outlive everyone else to win." She laughs and looks up at him with her young, innocent eyes. "Thanks, Peeta. You're really nice to me." Peeta smiles back and walks away, remembering a certain promise back home. Protect my sister . He trains twice as hard, to make up for Prim. -::- Usually, all the tributes keep to themselves, because ultimately, it's everyone versus everyone and who would want to make friends with the person that will eventually cut their throat? It makes the eventual killing more difficult. But here's the thing. It's impossible to hate Primrose Everdeen. Somehow, she squeezes her way into everyone's hearts. Glimmer kisses Prim's cheek whenever she walks by and the two wear matching braids in their blonde hair. Cato lets Prim sit on his shoulders and the two stomp around like one gigantic monster, making everyone else laugh. Rue and Prim become best friends, walking with linked arms like two twelve-year-old girls who have so much more to live for. -::- The girl who glowed steals even more hearts at her interview. "I've had so much fun the past few days training with the other tributes. I know that's weird for me to say, but it's true." Before her compassion could get mistaken for weakness, Caesar Flickerman quickly steps in. "But you're still going to try to win the games, right?" "Of course. I'm going to win. I'm going to live." -::- The boy on fire doesn't do too shabby either at the interview; he and Haymitch have one last trick up their sleeves. Caesar, helpful as always, steers the conversation in the right direction. He suggest Peeta win the games, go back to District 12, and win the heart of that special girl he's in love with. "I can't. She will never forgive me if I was the one who went back home, instead of her little sister." -::- (Back in District 12, Katniss's jaw drops when she watches the live broadcast of Peeta's interview. She thinks back to that fateful night when Peeta gave her the bread, she thinks back to the day of the Reaping when she basically demanded Peeta to give up his own life to save Prim's, and she thinks that maybe she owes Peeta Mellark too much.) -::- Run for the forest. Run straight for the forest, don't grab anything, don't look back. Peeta makes it all the way to the trees when he goes against Haymitch's instructions. He looks back. There's bloodshed at the Cornucopia where the Careers have annihilated the unlucky tributes who didn't run fast enough. Peeta quickly scans the forest for blonde pigtails. Then, a loud shriek that pierces right through Peeta's heart. It's Prim. Oh God, it's Prim. He sprints back towards the Cornucopia. They had everything planned—run straight for the forest and then Peeta and Prim will meet up and he can protect her until the bitter end. All she had to do was get from her starting platform to the trees, that's all she had to do. But someone got to her, maybe she tripped, and now she's killed and it's all Peeta's fault. It was only a minute into the games. He couldn't even protect her for a minute. But when Peeta runs back to the clearing, his heart leaps because he sees that Prim is alive. She had indeed fallen and the boy from District 9 had tried to attack in her moment of weakness. By some miracle, she had dodged his knife just in time, rolling over on the grass. But now the boy is back up and raising his arm to stab Prim again. She screams a second time. Peeta is completely helpless as he watches, wishing furiously that he had never listened to Haymitch and grabbed a weapon when he had the chance. Just as the boy from District 9 is about to kill Prim, he falls over, headfirst into the grass. A dagger is sticking up from his back. A few yards away, Clove grins at having hit her shot. She rushes over and kicks the dead body aside, retrieving her dagger. Cato arrives and helps lift Prim back to her feet. Prim looks between the two of them, confused. The bloodbath is over. The Careers have conquered the Cornucopia, just like always. Volunteering isn't allowed, but some districts are favored by the Capitol and Careers often rig the reapings. Glimmer and Marvel from District 1, Clove and Cato from District 2, the boy from District 3, the girl from District 4, and now Prim are the only ones still alive. Everyone else is either dead or fled. Peeta slowly inches back towards the trees, hoping not to attract the Careers' attention. He does, however, catch Prim's attention. Her eyes widen when she sees him in the shadows. She quickly glances at the others in the Career pack to make sure they aren't watching, and then mouths a single word to Peeta. Run. -::- The faces flash by on the night sky and Prim exhales in relief when Peeta is not shown. Later, the Careers discuss strategy and the order in which they'll kill the remaining tributes. When they rank "that lover boy from 12" third on the list, Prim bites her tongue and says nothing. That night, the Careers force the boy from District 3 to watch guard and they fall asleep in their makeshift tent beside the tall pile of supplies they'd stacked earlier in the afternoon. Prim couldn't fall asleep though, so she ventures over and sits on a crate, watching the boy from District 3 dig out the bombs, rewire them, and bury them around the supply pile. She doesn't even think he notices her until he suddenly starts talking to her. The silence of the night is so quiet that even though the boy is only whispering, it's deafening: "You should run away." "…what?" "Look, you and I, we don't belong here. We're not really part of the Careers alliance. When have the Careers ever included anyone from District 3 or 12?" "Um, I don't know. So why are we here then?" "They only need me to plant the mines. I'm good with explosives. That's the only thing keeping me alive right now." "But what about me? I'm not good at anything." She's been wondering that ever since morning, when twelve tributes were murdered and yet she was spared. "Sure