Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: He didn't have to be. Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Word Count: 8550 DISCLAIMER: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities or song lyrics herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: Bella Swan is a young single mother to an almost 5 year-old boy. Date after Date she is almost ready to give up on finding love. Edward Cullen is looking for someone to share his life with when Bella walks into his world. He didn't bargain on a little boy that would take over his heart as much as his mother. "So, another flop huh?" Angela asked as I threw myself down on her couch. "God, Angie. I don't know why I even bother. He was worse than Eric". I sighed. Another flop of a date meant another strike against me to find true love. "How could he have been worse than the letch?" She asked with a raised eyebrow. I just snorted a laugh. Eric Yorkie really was a letch. I went out with him once because Lauren, my so called friend from the school we work at set us up. She said he was a really great guy and I would be guaranteed a good time. Good time to him maybe. He started the second I opened the door when he picked me up. His eyes immediately zeroed in on my breasts and only left them to drive his car to the restaurant and then to flirt with the hostess there. We talked over dinner and he seemed like an okay guy. He had a decent job as an accountant for a big firm, he owned his apartment and he was well spoken. He asked about my life and when I mentioned my 4 year old son Seth his eyes lit up. I thought it to mean that he liked kids and wasn't unhappy to hear I had one of my own. But no, he automatically thought it meant that I would put out quickly and easily. "So does little Seth visit his father often?" Eric asked with a smarmy smile. I shuddered a little; "Um no. I have sole custody. He is with me full time." "So if we wanted to get a little somethin' you'd have to get a babysitter?" "Excuse me?" "Oh sorry baby, I mean. If we want to have some alone time and sex things up a little bit, you would have to hire a sitter?" He clarified. "Wow." I muttered under my breath. "Um, I have to use the washroom, will you excuse me for a moment?" "Sure baby, hurry back." He said with a wink. I almost threw up in my mouth a little. I sprinted to the washroom, pulled my cell phone out of my purse and called Ang. She was watching Seth for me so I knew she would answer the phone. "Swan. What the hell? You're supposed to be on a date, not calling to check on me and my boyfriend." She joked. "Very funny Ang. I need help and fast. This guy is a total perv. I will explain when I get home, but you need to give me 5 minutes and then call me back." She came through and I made an excuse to get home quickly. Eric actually had the nerve to try and worm his way into my house, "Just want to make sure everything is okay with the little guy." I shot that down quickly and ushered him back to his car. Angela had a good laugh at my expense and then went home. Eric tried to contact me several times after that night, but I never returned his calls and I gave Lauren supreme shit when I saw her on Monday and she asked how the date went. I snapped myself out of the bad memory and proceeded to tell Angela about my latest failed attempt at dating. This one was with Alec Volturi, he taught Social Studies at a local high school and we met at a Teachers Conference in Tacoma. When he asked me to dinner I was thrilled. He was good looking and seemed very nice. The moment we sat down at the table his cell phone vibrated. "Sorry, it's.. uh.. my sister. Jane. I need to reply to this." "Okay, no problem, I hope nothing's wrong." "Oh, everything is fine." He gave me a soft smile and set his phone back down. Every few minutes the phone would go off and he continued to reply. He would actually interrupt me in the middle of saying something to answer the text. We got on to the topic of family and I of course mentioned my little Seth. "Oh you have a child?" He visibly paled. "I do. He's 4 and the light of my life. Do you have any children?" "No, I can't say that I do. Where is his father?" He asked abruptly. "Oh, um. He hasn't been in our lives since just after I found I was pregnant." "I see." We sat there in silence for several minutes, before I heard yet another buzz from his cell phone. He glanced at it and grimaced then shoved the phone in his pocket. "Will you excuse me a moment? I am just going to run to the washroom." Alec asked suddenly. "Oh of course." I sat there for several minutes. The waiter stopped by the table to offer coffee, which I accepted. Another twenty minutes passed and Alec still had not returned to the table. I flagged down the waiter. "Excuse me, could you check the washroom for my dinner companion? He left the table quite a while ago and I am a little worried." A minute or so later the waiter returned with an apologetic look on his face. "I'm sorry Miss. But there is no one in the washroom." I realized almost immediately that I had been ditched and ended up being stuck with the bill. Thank goodness I decided to meet him at the restaurant; at least I had my car and a way home. By the end of my story Angela was laughing so hard I thought she was going pee herself. "Oh my God, Bella. You really don't have any luck with men do you?" She gasped. I just gave her a dirty look and changed the subject. "How was Seth tonight?" "Oh the little hellion was great. We made cookies together; they are in a container on the counter. Then he proceeded to tell me the ins and outs of Dora the Explorer and how he is going to be Diego when he is big enough to cross the street by himself." I giggled. That's my little boy. Always ready to tackle the world. Angela left and I went down the hall to check on my sweet boy. He was curled up underneath his Go Diego Go blanket fast asleep. I sat down on the floor beside his bed and ran my hand over his light brown hair. If he opened his eyes I would see my brown eyes shining back at me. His still held the innocence of childhood, no sadness, no regrets, just happiness. That was all I wanted for him. It wasn't his fault that his sperm donor decided that I was lying when I told him that the baby was his. Tyler was my high school boyfriend. We met in our junior year when he was the unfortunate victim of my stellar volleyball skills, getting knocked in the back of the head when I tried to spike. He thought my klutziness was cute and asked me out. I accepted and we fell into a relationship. We dated all through the rest of our junior year and all of our senior year. I lost my virginity to him on a camping trip the weekend before we went back to school for senior year. We had to sneak around a lot because if my Police Chief Dad, Charlie found out that his little girl was having sex, Tyler would have lost his balls. A year later we found ourselves in our first year of college at the University of Washington in Seattle. It was only a few hours from home, so we could go back whenever we wanted. I had lucked out and gotten a single dorm room and we took full advantage of it. One night we had run out of condoms and decided that since I was on birth control we could go without for one night. That one night gave me Seth. A month later, in November, just before Thanksgiving, I was so sick. I had met Angela by this time and she convinced me to take a pregnancy test. When it came out positive, I threw up. When I tried to tell Tyler that night, I threw up. When he yelled at me, called me a slut and denied that I was pregnant with his child, I threw up on his shoes. I saw him a week later in the quad making out with some girl that was in one of his classes. After that I rarely saw him. I told my parents Thanksgiving weekend that I was pregnant. Dad wanted to drive over to the Crowley's where he knew Tyler was visiting his parents to use his service revolver and ensure Tyler could never father another child. Mom stopped him. I was expecting disappointment and anger. But I never got it. They were both very understanding and supportive. Willing to help me with whatever I chose to do, including raising the baby on my own. I finished out the year at school, drowning myself in my studies. I moved back home to Forks at the end of May and I gave birth to Seth Charles Swan the first week of July. My parents were my rocks. Angela became my confidante and even though I had decided to continue my studies at Peninsula College in Port Angeles we kept in touch. I decided to get my Associates Degree in Elementary Education and become a school teacher, pushing my dream of becoming a college professor to the back burner. It took me 3 more years to complete my degree and I knew it was because of my parents support. My mom watched Seth when I had class, Dad was so happy to have another boy around that he would just sit and watch a ball game with Seth sitting in his swing beside him in the living room. It was really sweet. When I decided to look for a teaching job in Seattle, my parents were again completely supportive. Dad even offered to look for a job there as well, so that he and Mom could be close by. But I knew I needed to do it on my own. Once I secured a job as a first grade teacher, Angela helped me find a place to live. Mom and Dad even paid for my first few months of rent in the little two bedroom apartment. I was so grateful for everyone in my life. But I felt like something was missing. So I started to date. The dates I did go on were few and far between and never went beyond a second or third date. But as soon as the guy I was seeing found out about Seth, they would turn around and run. I grew a very thick skin and an even thicker wall was built around my heart. Angela told me to keep trying, that Mr. Right was out there somewhere. But after my last two failed attempts at dating, I was ready to throw in the towel, maybe give up on dating until Seth was in High School. I would concentrate on raising my little boy into a man I could be proud of. About a week after my date with Alec, Angela and I were having our weekly Saturday afternoon