Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: Porch Swings and Wedding Bells Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word Count: 3,729 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities or song lyrics herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: They grew up together, played together, and loved together. But, in reality, they were from two different worlds. Sometimes misunderstandings and real life can get in the way of fate. EPOV I sat nervously in the last row of the huge, crowded cathedral fighting to remain as inconspicuous as possible even though every fiber of my being was threatening to get up and cause a scene. The woman in front of me wore a huge, pink, southern Baptist hat. You know that kind with the wide brim and excess lace, pearls, feathers and every other unnecessary fabric known to man. The oversized accessory sat on her head and seemed to float around her strawberry blonde curls. Although her hat hindered my sight of the altar, it also served the purpose of keeping me hidden from both the bride and the groom. My best friend Emmett sat outside waiting for me to come running out of the church. He just knew that I would make a spectacle of myself and crash the wedding … The 'Wedding of the Century' as it was being hailed by the media. The convergence of two of the South's wealthiest and most influential families; the Whitlocks, known for their Texas oil, and the Swans, Georgia's largest, real estate company, known for their exclusive hotel chain called Southern Swans, where rooms start at $5,000 per night. Isabella Swan was the girl next door… Literally. We grew up on the same street. Her mother died giving birth, and her father was always busy or on some sort of a business trip. With no one to watch over Bella, my grandmother volunteered to babysit. This often happened over long weekends and late nights. During our summer breaks from school, she would come over early in the day and help my grandmother clean the house. You see; my grandmother Elizabeth was a maid for the Denali family. They were the actual owners of the house where we lived, but they let Grandmother rent rooms there, so that she could be at their disposal at all times. They treated us well, but to them we were simply the help. Having no living parents of my own, I was able to relate to Bella's need for companionship. We used to play on the tire swing in the backyard and swim in the lake deep in the woods of her father's property. When we reached junior high things started to change. Our guardians no longer wanted us to sleep in the same room during sleepovers. Bella was made to sleep in the bedroom of the oldest Denali daughter since she was off to college, while I stayed in my attic bedroom. Unbeknownst to them we would often sneak out of our assigned rooms and meet up in the middle of the night. Our favorite rendezvous spot was a large bench swing on the enclosed porch at the back of the house. There were no living quarters in the back, so we had no risk of being caught. We would fall asleep on the porch swing and awake when the gardener would come in. He was the only one who knew about our late night activities, yet he never told, and for that, we were forever grateful to Paul. Once high school came around things changed once again. I noticed how Bella's body seemed to develop overnight. She went from being the awkward tomboy that I played soccer with to an actual girl … with hips and breasts, and a fantastic ass! There were plenty of cold showers taken during freshman year. We would still meet up nightly on the back porch even when she was old enough to stay at home on her own. She no longer needed a babysitter, but I think she just hated being home alone. Who was I to complain about having such a beautiful girl spend the night with me? We started sleeping head to toe around that time. I tried to hide my late night hard-ons and morning woodys from her thinking it might make her uncomfortable and cause her not to want to hang around with me. I'll never forget the night that our friendship was permanently altered. It was graduation night, and Mr. Swan had thrown a party for all of our classmates at his estate. There were hundreds of teenagers swarming around the grounds, but none of them caught my eye; none except for Bella. She came out of the house dressed in a light, pink sundress … the kind that tied behind the neck and had a dangerously, low v-cut in the front. Her entire back was exposed; showing off her freckles, and gracefully long neck. Her hair was in a messy, yet fashionable bun and her shoes were simple, flat, ballerina-like slippers. She may have seemed underdressed compared to many of the scantily clad teenage girls in attendance, but she looked absolutely gorgeous to me. I sat on a bench underneath the huge Magnolia Blossom tree just taking in the scenery, when I felt her presence behind me. She must have snuck away from making her rounds with her friends. When she flounced down next to me, I was immediately enveloped in her famous scent of strawberries and freesia. I inhaled as deeply as I could without being too obvious. " Why have you been hiding over here all night?" She asked. " I'm not hiding. I'm simply enjoying the view." My eyes inadvertently glanced down to her ample cleavage. Have mercy, she's not wearing a bra! " It doesn't quite go with this dress" she smirked. I could not believe I'd said that out loud. I must have blushed ten shades of red. " Don't worry about it Eddie. I'm glad you finally noticed me." Was she saying what I thought she was saying? Impossible! I had to tread carefully here before I put my foot in my mouth … again. "What do you mean? I've always noticed you. How could I not? We've spent practically every day together since we were seven years old. You're my best friend." She looked slightly disappointed, and I wasn't quite sure why. I hated to see her upset. I had to fix this somehow. "Bella I can't help but notice you. We've been so close for years." She huffed. "That's just it. We HAVEN'T been together at all, Eddie. I've tried to get you to notice me as more than a friend for the past, three years. Each and every time I try something new, you blow me off. I started sleeping in boy shorts and too small tank tops, but all you did was suggest I cover up because we were sleeping outside on the porch. When I told you that I wanted you to keep me warm, you suggested we sleep head to toe. When I asked you if you had a date for senior prom, which was my way of subtly trying to ask you to go with me, you gave me an entire speech about how the idea of organized dances was for morons. You said it was for those who believed that being crowned king and queen of a high school dance would actually mean something later in life." I sat dumbfounded by her admission. I was so lost for words that all I could do was sit there with my mouth hanging open. Eventually, I dropped my head into my hands. I heard her take a deep breath before she continued. " After that I just gave up. There was no use in trying anymore. I didn't think that my ego could take another blow. I finally decided to listen to my father. I applied to colleges as far away from here as I could get. I got my acceptance letter from NYU this morning. I'm leaving for freshman orientation in two months. I hope that the distance will help get you out of my mind." She stood up to leave, and I grabbed her hand tightly. I knew I was probably going to leave a bruise, but at the moment I couldn't care less. I could not let her leave thinking that her feelings were unrequited. " Bella, wait. Please sit back down." There were tears glistening in her eyes, but she wiped them away with her other hand before they could fall. She sat back down with a huff. "Eddie, don't do this to me now. It has taken a lot for me to get to the point where I feel as if I'll be able to leave without you. Do not make me break that barrier." I took a deep breath so that I could get my thoughts together. "Bella, I've been in love with you since the seventh grade. Had I known how you really felt, I would not have let you go on this long without telling you the truth. I never noticed your advances because I never thought that you would be interested in a guy like me. I mean, I'm the grandson of your neighbor's maid for Christ's sake! I have nothing to offer you. Your family makes more in one day than my grandmother makes all year. What can I give you that you can't give yourself? I am—" " How about love, Eddie?" You can give me love. My father provides me with material things. He always makes sure that I have everything that I need as far as food, water, and shelter, but that's all. He mentally checked out when my mom died. He doesn't show any form of affection. It's all business when it comes to Charlie Swan. I guess he didn't get the memo that money can't buy love." " I hear what you're saying, and I understand where you're coming from, but you have a lifestyle to maintain. I don't think … better yet I know, I won't ever be able to live up to the standards that you live in. I wish things could be different, but I—" I was cut off midsentence by her lips being pressed against mine. It only took me a millisecond to catch up to her. The kiss was everything I've ever dreamed it could be, and so much more. We eventually had to break for breath, but the sexual tension was so thick I'm surprised it hadn't affected the other partygoers. Speaking of the party, it was in full swing. The music was playing loudly, and everyone was dancing and enjoying the baked goods and refreshments provided by my grandmother. No one seemed to notice we were missing, so I took that opportunity to drag her across to my backyard and to our favorite porch swing. We picked up where we left off with heated kisses and anxious touches. Under the glow of the moonlight, I could see her nipples pebble through the thin material of her dress. She ran her fingers through my hair and guided my hand to her left breast. I needed no further convincing. My lips and teeth began to suckle on her perky nipple through the material. When I released it with a pop, the cool night air caused the bud to harden even more. She moaned from the sensation. I leaned over to capture her lips again while she began to un-tuck my shirt from my pants. Our mouths stayed connected as long as possible before I had to pull back so that she could lift my shirt over my head. She took that opportunity to look me over. I had gotten inked a few weeks prior, and this was her first time seeing my new tattoo. The redness and swelling were long gone, and in its wake was a beautiful swan