Header: Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: Upon The Tongue Pairing: Edward & Bella Rating: M Word Count: 6,271 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: It is 1929 in North Carolina. Bella is involved in a secret community which revolves around Dianic Wicca. She is the first woman in her family to attend college, located at the State College in Raleigh, and things are about to change in her world. A list of characters can be found within the full credits of "Breaking Dawn - Part Two." This story contains a little bit of this and a little bit of that; including a lemon not suitable for those under age, nor those wearing the pristine panties. POV Bella This is a dream. This, I know this dream. Yet, I'm twelve again and the sadness consumes me. My throat tightens, burning with grief as I struggle to breathe. My soul continues to sob for the loss of my father. I can see his brown eyes pleading to the sun. I hate the heat. Then, my body morphs from then to now. My mind rills from nature's cycles. The magnitude of birth, death, and rebirth. All being one. The "why" of knowing. Yet not knowing. Seeing, not seeing. "Look ahead. Look ahead." Throbs with an ache on my temples and the sun spirals from its radiant mass, blinding me. My eyes shut, the darkness smothers my pain away. I drink the heat. It comforts my will to have peace. Liquid pours into my hair, and feels like sunshine midday. Soaking. Trickling down to bathe my hands and feet in warmth. Is this a dream? Drops become hotter on my inner thighs, ascending one by one until they gather and cover my panty's center. I awake in a sweat and kick the blankets from me. What will come? The smell of eggs and bacon fill my room and it sounds like everyone's in the kitchen. As I ready myself for the day, my mood lifts; and I'm soon dancing along to Henry's humming. 0+ +0 Grandma and Senna eat their breakfast leisurely, conversing about our canned garden vegetables in the pantry. I place my plate in the sink and grab another biscuit. Mom's chugging down her juice and Henry's got his coat on, hat in hand. Senna and Henry arrived here with my grandmother after the incident. They're like family and we treat them as such; but they were slaves once. They are a vibrant married couple in their fifties. Henry nods at grandma, "We'll be back, Sionban. Renee?" He calls. "Where'd she go? I'll go start the pickup." Senna makes her way to the dishes and my dream resurfaces. It was stranger than usual which frightens me. Something might change. Life is on a good course at the moment: mom works at the cotton mill, wish she didn't, but it's for my schooling. Henry and Senna help us on our tiny farm. I peck Senna on the cheek, she gives me a quizzical look before she hides her smile. "Bella?" Grandma beckons me to her and I sit by her side. "You okay?" She takes my hand. I give a big sigh, shrugging. "You look lovely in plum, darling. Don't waste time on the unknown." "Thank you." I reply. She reads me better than a book. "Today's the meeting. You won't have as long of a wait after your classes." "Yep. I don't mind, though. I finish my studies and hangout at the store." Irina's parents own the book store a block down from college. That's where we met and meet. "Give me your other hand." We turn in our seats to align with one another. We hold hands, place our foreheads together, and we whisper two words that sums up the ongoing request: "Keep Safe." " A!" Mom hollers. The screen door slams shut as she goes out the front door, leaving it wide open for me to follow. 0+ +0 The frigid wind blasts my coat, plastering it and my dress to me. From every direction, I'm thrashed. My hair whips in the same fashion and my bones chatter from the coldness. Five more steps. It was a happy November day until I came outside. Gratitude seeped from me this morning. I even told mom that I wish she didn't have to work so hard for my schooling. She said I could pay her back when she's decrepit. My mother wants fluffy pillows, a thrown, and pretty men to rub her feet. I giggle at the image, reaching for the door and it flies open. Irina and Sulpicia are clinging together with wicked grins on their faces. "Get in here." They giggle in harmony. I swear they're twins; but their stories tell me different. "Hi." I shiver and step into the warmth. "Victoria is in the basement, preparing for out gathering. Daddy's bringing us a guest." Irina wiggles with joy. They each grab one of my hands and pull me along. Marcus. That is daddy - another shiver convulses through me. Besides his long nails, he's an attractive older man. The thing is… he creeps me out and it's no wonder he works in the background as Jessica, the mommy, takes care of the bookstore customers. At the back of the building are stairs. The ones going up, take you to their living quarters and the ones going down, take you to the basement. That's our headquarters. Victoria sits at the round table with four white candles lit, there's a fifth candle not lit. I assume it is for our guest. We quietly sit in our seats. I unload my heavy bag from my shoulder to tuck under my chair. As soon as we are in our places, two sets of footsteps descend the wooden stairs. Marcus appears and then a gorgeous, non-creepy young man. Suddenly, a hotness finds me. My attempt to not be completely obvious with interest has my focus on the empty chair next to me. My fingertips tingle. "I will let Edward introduce himself. Victoria will have you sit." Marcus addresses us before turning his attention to Edward. "Remember the oath, ladies." We nod and Marcus disappears from view. The oath is keeping quiet on our gatherings. Most importantly, not sharing it with Irina's mother, Jessica. Her mouth has no filter. Victoria doesn't miss a beat, "Welcome Edward. Please be comfortable and join us." "Thank you." He smiles at each of us, removing his hands from his pockets to take his seat. There's a coloring to his cheeks. Is he shy? I study Victoria. She is smooth and I'm glad she's got Demetri. I place my hands on the table like her. She's peaceful, knowing, and graceful. "Let's give brief introductions. I'm Victoria. I work at the college in the Horticulture department, which is perfection because of my love of nature. Bella, light his candle with yours and tell about yourself." I sit stunned. Then, nod slowly to confirm I understand. I don't feel prepared. I take a deep breath and chance a look at Edward. He is looking at me with a curl of a smile on his lips. "Hi," comes from my lips softly. "Hello." Okay. That's good for now. I zone in on the candle situation. All eyes on Bella. I hold my breath and conquer my fear. As I light his candle with mine, Victoria takes my hand. "Let's hold hands and take turns, counter clockwise. Please continue, Bella." She says. My grip on the candlestick tightens so it does not reflect how my insides tremble. Edward takes my hand and Irina's hand on his other side. Her eyes are set on me. "I..." trying to catch my breath. Shouldn't have held it for so long. His hand is warm... "live on a farm in Garner with my mother, grandma, and our helpers, Henry and Senna." His red bowtie has me in a trance. "Going to college." Glancing up at him. Can't look away. "I am a freshman." I realize we're locked in a long gaze and I have nothing to say. I glance at Victoria to see if I need to say anything more because I've been struck with the inability to know what is acceptable - my heartbeat flutters at such a rate, I can feel it in the joining of our hands. "Well done, Bella. Edward?" She smirks her knowing smirk. Edward squeezes my hand and my attention turns to him. His thumb taps my hand when our eyes meet - his honeydews, outlined with dark long lashes, squint from his smile. "Me too. I am a freshman; but I'm pretty certain I am older than you. I'm from Pennsylvania." He speaks to only me and then continues around the table. "My family downsized our farm so I could attend college." His head turns back to me. His grin is sinful as he speaks. "I jumped trains until I made it here. I've been staying with a friend of my father's since the summer. It's on a farm in Morrisville. Marcus saw me burning sage in the house when he came to purchase vegetables and herbs. That's how we met. Our conversation led to magic and Wicca. Poof. Here I am." Edward and I sit there, quietly, observing one another. I have tons of questions. Irina's voice interrupts my thoughts. "Edward. We are happy that you are with us. My name is Irina. I'm an only child; but I've been blessed with Sulpicia and our special gatherings. Marcus is my father." She beams with pride and confidence. "I am a second year student at North Carolina's State College." Her smile is brighter than the candles. She looks to Sulpicia and shakes her hand with overflowing excitement. Sulpicia looks uncomfortable. We are very much alike - fatherless and not as shiny. "My mother, Bree, and I live in town. I work at the college's cafeteria at the moment and my mother works at the bakery down the street. We're saving up for my schooling. My father never returned from the war. That's why we moved here from South Carolina." She clears her throat and stares at her lap. "Let's rest our eyes and hum in acceptance and gratitude for our individual life forces. Respecting the journey of past, present, and future." Victoria leads. 0+ +0 Afterwards, I gather my bag, silently hugging Victoria in appreciation for her guidance. I wait my turn to say "Welcome" to Edward; but for every moment that passes, a nerve waddles away. I inch closer and closer to the stairs before spotting the ring on his finger. I sprint up the stairs. How did I not see that!? I want to bash my overheated face into a block of ice. Bash! Married men aren't available. Bash! They have no appeal! Bash! Tingles be gone. Henry and mom will be here in no time. I sit in the big purple chair by the window. The fireplace and sitting area near the front are the best for studying. It's lush and comfortable with couches, loveseats, cushions and pillows. I open my book and drink from the pages like a sober drunk, willing it to alter me. "Hello?" My sight lifts from their sustenance to Edward's ring finger. How long has he been standing there? "Hey." I timidly trail up his arm to meet his genuine handsomeness. Bash! Bash! What am I doing? I stare at his hand for a long while, burning the image into my brain. "Must be a good book. I've been trying to figure out the best time to speak to you; but the pages keep flipping." He chuckles. "Is there something on my hand?" My cheeks must be scarlet now. "I guess. I didn't realize you jumped trains with your wife? Unless you got married over the summer or maybe last week or something. The ring surprised me. Um? Probably