Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: Free Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Word Count: 5,186 Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: Nothing lasts forever. Some things aren't meant to be. But you'll never find the answers, until you set your old heart free. A girl who keeps everyone at a distance. A boy who only wants the chance to love her. Hello, my old heart How have you been? Are you still there inside my chest? I've been so worried You've been so still Barely beating at all Oh, don't leave me here alone Don't tell me that we've grown for having loved a little while Oh, I don't want to be alone I want to find a home and I want to share it with you Hello, my old heart It's been so long Since I've given you away And every day I add another stone To the walls I built around you To keep you safe Hello, my old heart How have you been? How is it, being locked away? Don't you worry In there, you're safe And it's true you'll never beat, but you'll never break Because nothing lasts forever Some things aren't meant to be But you'll never find the answers Until you set your old heart free I winced as the pounding, distorted beat of the music thumped through my body as I entered the frat house. What the hell was I thinking showing up here? Partygoers' eyes slid over me without truly seeing. Why would anyone notice the plain girl? Swallowing the lump in my throat, my gaze flitted around in search of my twin sister. Fraternal twin. Read: the pretty one. Tanya was the only reason I was in this personal hell. I certainly wasn't here to find love. After my last experience, I was never doing that again. My heart was behind a thick brick wall and nothing was getting to it. Not finding her, I sighed and made my way to the makeshift bar to get a drink. I didn't trust the shady-looking boy behind it and opted for grabbing a beer. I fingered the bottle as I stood against the wall, watching as girls grinded and writhed together in a dance of seduction to entice the boys salivating as they looked on. Not a single male in this entire place looked my way. I didn't expect differently. The flashing lights set up in corners hit the mass of dancing women in a kaleidoscope of colors and I finally spotted Tanya. The lights shined off her pale strawberry blonde curls and her smile was sultry at she examined her prospects. Taking a swig of my beer, I lamented my clothing choices. Tanya looked exactly like she should for a party. Tight, short skirt, barely brushing her thighs. Red halter-top that dipped down to flash ample cleavage and low enough in the back to broadcast there was no way to wear a bra. And studded 'fuck-me' heels to round it all out. The last thing I needed was Tanya to notice I was here and dressed like this. "Wear something cute," she'd said. While I'd tried to look pretty, clearly I had no idea what the fuck I was doing. My hair was curled and I'd attempted make-up, but my clothes spoke volumes. Jeans and a Little Mermaid graphic tee. Once again, Bella strikes out. I just hadn't thought a frat party would be something to get dressed up for. We weren't downtown or at a club. It was a shitty two-story house that reeked of boy bo. and booze. I bit my lip and glanced around at the boys who were prowling for their night's conquest. Some of them were cute, a few were hot, and a couple mediocre ones thrown in for good measure. All checking out the other girls and ignoring the shy wallflower with crap taste in clothes. Stay until you finish your beer. I lifted the bottle and started chugging. "Bella?" I choked and coughed mid-chug as I looked up in horror at the beautiful sex-god in front of me. His eyebrows drew together in concern. "Are you okay?" he asked in his rough velvet voice. I nodded quickly and cleared my throat. "Fine. Um, I'm fine." I inhaled deeply and looked down. "H-hey, Edward." My heart galumphed unevenly. Oh, God. Why, why, why was the one boy who made my heart quiver here? What was he doing at this party? My cheeks heated and I felt sweat bead at the hairline on my neck. Fuck, I was wearing a freaking Little Mermaid shirt! How much more awkward and nerdy could I be? No, this was good. I didn't need to let my guard down and have my heart shattered into a million pieces. My eyes flicked up at his gorgeous chiseled jaw, bronze mop of rioting hair, and piercing green eyes. My heart stumbled in my chest. A crooked smirk crossed his features and I licked my lips involuntarily. "You look beautiful tonight, Bella. I mean, you always do, but your hair is different." He reached up to slide a lock of it between his fingers. "I like the curls," he murmured and my skin flamed once more. Suddenly, my scuffed up, red Chucks were fascinating. I couldn't look away from them as I replayed his words in my mind. I looked beautiful? Edward thought I was beautiful? "Bella!" Tanya's voice rang out. My head snapped up to see her approaching. "Shit," I cursed and Edward's eyebrows lifted. Blushing for the thousandth time that night, I stuttered out a laugh. "My sister," I offered weakly. Now came the part where he took one look at her and never glanced my way again. "B!" Tanya exclaimed and threw her arms around me. "You showed!" She leaned back and eyed my outfit before cocking her head to the side. "Seriously, Bella? This is what you wear to party? I told you to look cute!" "Sorry," I mumbled and turned my face down to blink away the tears of embarrassment stinging my eyes. "Who's your friend?" Her voice turned sexy and low and I looked up in time to see the two of them lock gazes. I was so fucked and not in the good way. Damn it, even if Edward was completely out of my league, I always lose every guy to her. "Tan, this Edward. He's in my O-Chem class. Edward, this is my sister, Tanya." My voice was soft and emotionless. It was over and there was nothing to be done about it. Time to add another stone to the wall around my fragile heart. Some things aren't meant to be. "Twin sisters!" Tanya amended with a flirty smile. Edward looked between us, no doubt seeking out some resemblance, and I dropped my face to my feet again. "Fraternal obviously," Edward said. "You're so smart!" Tanya giggled. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. Anyone with an IQ over 50 should be able to figure that out. Of course, Tanya's friends make rocks look like Einstein. "Oh, B, there's that guy I wanted to introduce you to." Then she pointed at Edward, "Don't you go anywhere." Grabbing my hand, she pulled me away from the only other person I knew here. I didn't look back to catch Edward checking out my twin. I didn't need that heartache. "Bella, you've been holding out! Holy shit, that guy is fuckhot! I am definitely taking him home tonight." My chest constricted and my heart squeezed painfully. The thought of Edward and Tanya together made me nauseous. It's not like he's ever looked at you that way. You are an ugly, awkward heifer. Boys only talk to you to get to your sister, you know this. "There's Eric," Tanya said and points to a greasy haired, pimple-faced guy. "T!" I exclaimed and wrinkled my nose. Tanya froze and gave me a stern expression. "I know. He's not an Edward, but B, you have to be realistic, honey. I love you. You're cute and sweet and guys like Eric love that. I know…" Her voice trailed off and she glanced away to take a deep breath. "I know you and I haven't had the easiest relationship and boys have been a problem in the past, but we're twins and nothing breaks that bond. I want you to be happy, B. To find someone who makes you smile and feel loved. You deserve that." Maybe… Maybe I shouldn't be so closed off. I guess I could try. Who knows? This guy might actually like me for me. I gulped down my fear and allowed her to drag me over. "Eric! This is my sister, Bella," she greeted him. His eyes darted between us and I could feel his disappointment. God, I couldn't even attract a geek like this. "Hey," I offered with a half-smile. He did that guy chin-nod thing. "Great, you two get to know each other. I'll catch you later, B!" Tanya told us and turned to head back to Edward. My Edward. No, not yours. You don't need that heartbreak. Eric cleared his throat and ran his eyes over me and then back at Tanya's retreating form. "You guys are twins?" "Fraternal," I replied flatly. Yeah, this guy was not getting past my wall. "Your sister is so gorgeous. You look nothing alike," he carelessly spoke. Aaaaannnd, there it was! The one comment I'd heard from almost every person I'd ever introduced to Tanya. "Yeah, I know," I muttered and wrapped my arms around my torso. Always the ugly duckling, never the swan. Panic filled his wide eyes as he turned back to me. "Not that you aren't pretty, I just meant-" "I know what you meant," I whispered while fighting my tears. "Nice meeting you." I stepped past him to leave the house. "Bella, I'm sorry," Eric began and reached out to touch my arm. "Don't!" I snapped as I jerked around to face him. My stomach dropped to my knees as I saw Edward standing behind the spot I'd just vacated. Fuck, from the appalled look on his face, he'd heard everything. I wanted the earth to open up beneath me and swallow me whole to save me from this mortification. This time, tears filled my eyes and wouldn't be denied. I spun and ran. I collapsed near the turtle pond halfway across campus. Sobs wracked my body and I curled my knees into my chest, wrapping my arms around them. "This is exactly why I don't let anyone in," I told my heart. "You're locked away. It's safer that way. It's true you'll never beat, but you'll never break." "Bella?" Edward's voice rang out. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" I hissed and scooted closer to the tree, trying to disappear. "Bell – Bella! There you are," he sighed out in relief and dropped down beside me in the grass. "Please go away," I begged and refused to look up. "Look at me, beautiful." My head jerked up and I glared. "Don't call me that. We both know it isn't true. Just go back to the party, hook up with my sister, and leave me the hell alone." "I don't want to do that, Bella. I want to make sure you're okay. I want to be with you." Edward's voice was growly and low, doing tingly things to my body. "Why? What could I possibly have to offer?" He pinched the bridge of his nose. "You don't see yourself very clearly, do you?" I stoop up in huff, hands clenched into fists at my sides. "Of course, I do!" I yelled and gestured to my body. "Look at me, Edward! I'm plain. Boring. Dull brown hair. Mud colored eyes. Chunky thighs and a fat waist. Awkward and geeky. You saw my twin, I'm the left overs, Edward!" He gaped at me slack-jawed. "H-how… how can