Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: The Other Side Pairing: Bella/Jasper Rating: M Word Count: 4,227 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: Young Bella, who works at a front desk in a hotel, has been fighting her feelings for valet, Jasper, for months. Will she finally be able to get to the other side of this friendship? "I need my Hyundai pulled around please. The valet ticket number is 6749. Thank you." Mr. Newton hung up before I could let him know I'd have valet pick up his Santa Fe as soon as he got back from taking his current vehicle. Mr. Newton was always a crass old asshole whenever he was here. I hated having to deal with his near constant leering…it was as infuriating as it was unsettling. I grabbed the walkie-talkie from its base, pressed the button and spoke with a clear smile in my voice, "Desk to valet – as soon as you get that car parked, I need Mr. Newton's Hyundai brought down. He just called down so I'm assuming he'll be walking off the elevator in a few minutes. You know how speedy he is so you might want to run." I heard a husky chuckle come through the crackling static, "Roger that. Has he been leering again, Desk?" "Of course," I giggle – unable to control myself in situations dealing with my best friend, "when is he not?" Jasper growled into the speaker, the sound going straight to the pit of my stomach, "Would you like me to accidentally curb check his baby?" I made a shocked sound to him before laughing again, "It's not that serious, Valet. And I need you to take good care of his vehicle so that you'll still have a job come tomorrow. I don't know what I would do without my favorite valet driver…" I could practically hear him rolling his eyes at me. At that moment, Jasper jogged in through the automatic front doors to our hotel. The sun shone behind him like a back light…illuminating him – the rays bouncing from his blond waves. I admit…I may have drooled a little bit. "Bells?" My eyes snapped back to focus on his crooked grin and I blushed in embarrassment as I realized he was looking at me, holding his hand out, "Wha…?" "Mr. Newton's keys, please." "SHIT!" I cursed loudly as I snatched the keys from the pegboard and tossed them to his capable hands. He automatically caught them like we'd perfected this move for years. In truth, we kind of had. He'd been my valet, my accomplice, my best friend for the better part of ten months. I loved spending time with him…I loved…him. I hated that I loved him but the heart wants what it wants. Ugh. I watched as he gave me a wink before sprinting for the door again, no doubt going for Mr. Newton's SUV. I sighed as I watched his muscles bunch with each stride. The things the vision of this man did to me should be illegal. Just as the old crotchety asshole stepped off the elevator, I heard Jasper squeal tires around the corner. I watched in horror as Mr. Newton flew to our roundabout where the valet parks the cars. I had to force myself not to giggle as Jasper tossed the keys to Mr. Newton in such a carefree fashion that Mr. Newton was left speechless. He wasn't fast enough and the keys bounced from his fingertips and clattered noisily to the asphalt. I didn't have to be a mind reader to know that Mr. Newton was beyond incensed. He bent over stiffly to grab his keys and made a mad dash to the Santa Fe where he revved his engine in anger before pulling out into traffic gingerly. I stifled my giggles again as Jasper came jogging back into the lobby with his famous lopsided grin in place, "What? I didn't curb check it or anything…and the cheap bastard never tips for shit anyways. Plus, no one leers at you…but me…" He trailed off suggestively, wiggling his eyebrows and leering at me in such a way I wished he was being serious. Things had started to become tense between us the past few months. I couldn't place why or what had changed but there was this underlying tension between us and I had no idea what I could do to fix it. He was looking at me weirdly and some jokes that we used to play around with were now pretty taboo. I knew what my problem was – I was in love…I just wish I knew if he really had a problem too or if I was just projecting my crap…as usual. I had a bit of an issue with blowing situations up in my head…it never was nearly as serious in real life. "Jas," I giggled blushing profusely, "don't joke – it's not nice. You could get a girl's hopes up for nothing." His smiled faded just a shade and he looked at me seriously in the eye, "I would never joke with you like that, Bella. I'd kill any man who looks at you the way I do." My mouth went instantly dry…and my eyes watered. I swallowed a few times before my mouth finally stopped trying to replicate the Sahara Desert. I opened my dumbstruck lips to speak when the phone rang. "Damn it!" I groaned in frustration. Hell, at least that came out clearly. The amusement in his eyes made me narrow mine in annoyance. The rest of the shift flew by quickly…with very little time for interaction between the two of us – much to my chagrin. When we were able to interact with each other we would have seemingly innocent contact…I'd hand him the keys and his hand would linger on mine for just a few seconds too long to be appropriate. When he handed me back Mr. Newton's keys, he held my fingers in his caressing just the tips for long moments. My poor heart felt like it was going to go into convulsions soon if he didn't quit flirting with me and the butterflies in my stomach brought me dangerously close to throwing up all over him several times. I felt like a teenager all over again with her first crush. My hands were constantly sweaty, my face consistently flushed. I was perpetually mortified. As much as I'd like to say I didn't understand what was so special about Jasper that would frequently turn me into a schoolgirl, I knew that I'd be lying. Jasper was everything to me…he had a heart of gold, was fiercely protective, funny as hell, adorable, laid back, super attentive…so sexy…and he was someone that I could tell anything to, knowing that no matter what I told him, he'd always be there for me and never think anything less of me. He constantly kept an eye out for me because he knew that I didn't handle confrontation very well. Early in my career at the hotel, like maybe my second week, I had a confrontation with none other than Mr. Newton. I remember it so clearly. I had stepped out back for a quick smoke while it was slow – leaving Jasper at the desk to handle any phone calls. Jasper was our only valet/front desk. I had just taken a drag from my cigarette when I felt hands on my butt. I was still really new and didn't know anyone there long enough to have them putting hands on my ass so to say I was beyond horrified would be the understatement of the century. I whirled to see my assailant and came face to face with the most hideous old man I'd ever seen. I suppose in his day he might have been handsome but time had not been nice to him…either that or God finally decided to make his outside match his inside. We had exchanged words. Mine were said politely in anger – especially when he basically called me a whore. Apparently working for the front desk at a hotel makes me a call girl as well. His exact words? "Every clerk has her price, baby. What's yours?" Asshole. I went back inside shaking in anger and a touch of fear. I had never really been treated like that by someone at a hotel. There had been misunderstandings before but no one had ever stooped to the level of actually laying hands on me. Jasper had taken one look at me and asked me what had happened. I told him a brief overview of what occurred and he was immediately on the phone with our General Manager. He demanded the permission to kick Mr. Newton out on his ass. Our lovely GM in all his awesomeness *eye roll* told him that we couldn't kick him out without warning – only serving to piss Jasper off more. Jasper slammed the phone down and stood fuming until the geriatric bastard came back into the lobby. When he rounded the corner Jasper walked right over to him, punched him in the nose, gave him a LOUD warning not to touch me again and walked swiftly out the front door. Thinking back now, that may have been the moment I fell in love with him. JPOV I was so excited that I was finally going to tell Bella how I felt tonight! I had done everything I could to make her swoon. She'd been mine for months – she just didn't know it yet. Now or never Jasper! BPOV Back in the present I leaned against the desk idly twirling my hair around my finger while my mind took me to places where Jasper and I could be together. I hadn't heard him approach me but suddenly strong hands grabbed my waist and pulled me flush against a very hard male body. I struggled for only a moment until I heard Jasper's husky drawl in my ear, "Relax, Bells. It's just me. Shame on you for twirling your hair like that. It drives me crazy." I trembled in his grasp – his nearness making me lightheaded. Just at that moment, my relief, Jacob came strolling through the door. I'd never been so happy and devastated to see him in my entire life. "Jas! Man!" Jacob's booming voice echoed through the lobby, "Get away from my girl, dude." I felt the growl go through Jasper's chest before I heard it, "Shut up, dickhead – she's not your girl." "Back to being the possessive asshole again, I see." My head swam, my vision becoming hazy. I was beginning to sag against his body. I couldn't pull enough air into my lungs. He wasn't holding me too tightly – just the opposite in fact. His fingers needed to tighten some or otherwise I was sure I'd face plant on the desk. My weak voice croaked out roughly, "Jas…catch me…" "Wha…" At that moment, my knees gave out. Thankfully, Jasper's hands caught me under my arms before I could damage myself or any equipment at the desk. He laid me down on the carpet gently before I saw his much panicked face fill my vision. "Jesus, Bells…are you okay?" I couldn't prevent any of the words that came pouring from my mouth, "Too close, Jas. You were too close and I couldn't breathe. I love you so much Jas. It makes my chest hurt sometimes and you were just too close…I'm so sorry." Amusement danced in his eyes, "I love you too, Bells." I shook my head fiercely as my voice clouded up, "No. Not like I love you. I can't not love you. God, Jas, I've tried so hard to not love you but I simply can't. Oh my God. I'm going to have to quit now!" Confusion clouded his features, "Why would you have to quit?" Tears began to run