Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: No Regrets Pairing: Bella/Garrett/Jasper/Edward Rating: M Word Count: 7142 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities or songs herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: A mother's regret, a mother's love. I should have listened to Alice that night. I should have put on my best Sunday dress, curled my hair, and plastered my face with makeup. Maybe then I would have avoided the tsunami of pain that was going to crash into my life years later. But...can you really regret something—someone, when they gave you the reason for your existence? ~oo0oo~ February 2005 "Bella! Will ya hurry the hell up!" "Alice, will you calm the fuck down! The bar ain't closing until two in the morning," I yell from my bedroom. Good lord this woman is the most impatient, most annoying little human being I've ever loved. I can't even get dressed in peace. "I know that, you smart ass! But James is waiting for me, he's already there. Bella, will you just hurry, please?" Alice whines, always so eager to hook me up with one of her boyfriend's buddies. They're blissfully happy, I get it, and I'm happy for them, but I'm not looking for any of that right now. I can't even count how many of their so-called "oh we're just meeting up with some people, you should come" were really blind dates. I want to wring Alice's tiny neck because tonight has "set-up" written all over it. All I know is if he's stupid like my last "not blind date", Tyler, ...Trevor, … whatever, he'd better damn well be hot. "All right … all right, I'm coming." I roll my eyes at her dramatics as I look at myself in the full-length mirror hanging on the back of my bedroom door. I smirk at my reflection—I look halfway decent. Never one for flashiness, or tons of makeup, I opt for a pair of snug jeans and a top that accentuates the girls . With my kick-ass boots on, I'm good to go. "Really? Really, B?" Alice says in a huff as I walk out the bedroom. "Is that what you're wearing?" I don't know why she acts so surprised; I always wear jeans and cowboy boots. "Yes, this is what I'm wearing?" I refuse to allow Alice to dictate what I wear tonight. We're just meeting up at a bar anyway, not a club. Who am I trying to impress? No one, that's who. "You bitching at me isn't helping us leave any sooner. I'm ready, let's go!" "I swear, you're never gonna find a husband lookin' like that all the damn time," Alice says as she follows me out the door. Alice has always had a plan…a plan that apparently involves me as well. " We're best friends, Bella. If I don't do things with you, then who will I do them with?" "Never said I was lookin' for one either." Alice and I just turned twenty-six, and according to "the plan", we're one year behind schedule. We should have been married by twenty-five, and each have one child on the way by now. Alice throws her hands in the air, apparently frustrated with my lack of concern in finding a husband. "You have to always be ready—look your best all the time. Ya never know when you'll run into Mr. Right." "Well, Ali, if he's Mr. Right, then he'll love me in my jeans and boots." I point out as we're walking down my apartment stairs. Rolling her eyes, she huffs. "Whatever. You go ahead and dress like a hobo. See what kinda man you attract." ~oo0oo~ I should have listened to Alice that night. I should have put on my best Sunday dress, curled my hair, and plastered my face with makeup. Maybe then I would have avoided meeting Jasper Whitlock. ~oo0oo~ April 2006 Breathe Bella … just breathe. "I can do this—I love him, he loves me." Standing here looking at myself in the mirror, mere moments away from marrying the father of my unborn child, I can't help but be terrified. Not because marriage is scary, or because I'm going to be a mother in two months. No. I worry if I am making the right decision. Did we rush into this marriage because I got pregnant? How did I get here? Everything happened so fast. This was not what I envisioned myself doing a year ago. I didn't even want a serious relationship back then. "Knock, knock." Alice peeks her head in. "You ready? Bella, they're asking for you." "Yeah, … just give me a sec." Alice closes the door and comes to stand behind me. She places her head on my shoulder and rests her hands on my rounding belly. Staring at each other in the mirror, I don't have to say a word—she can read me like a book. "What's going on in that beautiful head of yours?" "I'm terrified …" My lip trembles, "I'm scared I'm making a mistake. Getting married for the wrong reason," I whisper as a tear slides down my cheek. "Do you love, Jasper?" "I do. He's been wonderful." The smile that lights up my face is proof enough. The last person I expected to find that night at the bar was my future husband. I never wanted to get married, that was not in my plan . Hell, I never thought I'd be having a child before thirty. "You know, not all marriages are doomed, honey. You're not your parents. Your relationship with Jasper is nothing like theirs." "You're right …" I exhale a cleansing breath. I know not all marriages are like my parents. Not all men are like my father. I'm happy with Jasper, I deserve to be loved. Jasper won't leave me like he did. "Okay, let's do this." . . . Lily Victoria Whitlock is born just two months after Jasper and I married. Lily looks so much like her daddy: porcelain skin, a mop of sandy blonde hair, and the most gorgeous blue eyes I've ever seen. When we found out I was pregnant, my first thought was of my mother, the most devout Catholic woman I've ever met, was going to die of shame. She'd probably pray the rosary for the rest of my life in order to save my soul from eternal damnation for having a child out of wedlock. So, when Jasper asked me to marry him, and said he wanted to provide a happy home for our child, I agreed. This is what a father should do—just like my father—provide a happy home for his family, right? Lily has her daddy wrapped around her little finger. Jasper's a wonderful father, an excellent provider…being an attentive husband, though, is something I need to get used to. I'm not used to being taken care of by a man. Being fussed over by Jasper made me feel uncomfortable in the beginning. I felt smothered. "Bella, you need to let Jasper take care of you," Alice says as she places a cup of warm tea in front of me. "Just because you allow someone to care for you, doesn't mean you're becoming dependent, honey, that's what a husband's supposed to do." "I know Ali, I'm trying. It's just hard for me." I sigh, looking at my best friend of almost twenty years; if anyone knows me, it's Alice. She knew all about the life my mother lived with my father, all his betrayals. She's the one I would run to when things got bad at home. She's the one I squealed and gushed my heart out with when I first fell in love. Hers is the shoulder I cried on when I got my heart broken the first time. I promised myself I wouldn't become dependent on a man. No matter what life threw at me, I would always come out standing on my own two feet in the end. "Just let him be a husband. Let him love you, babe. You deserve to be loved." ~oo0oo~ November 2008 Jasper and I had agreed we weren't ready for another child; he was focusing on his career and I had just been hired on as an accountant with the District Attorney's Office. Another child would definitely throw a wrench in our career plans, not to mention double our daycare expenses, which we could hardly afford. So, imagine our surprise when a few months ago I made a doctor's appointment thinking I had vertigo, but instead I'm told I'm pregnant. "Excuse me?" Somebody's fucked up, royally. Jasper and I agreed to wait. We can hardly afford the one kid we do have. Yeah, she'd better check that chart again because I am not the one. "I think you have the wrong patient. I can't be pregnant, I have an IUD!" My voice rising as bile slowly crept up. I chose the IUD because of its low failure rates. I mean, everything has a percentage of error, but I was promised it was so small—like one percent or something—the next best thing to having my tubes tied. Well, that one percent the doctors gloss over and don't really talk about...that would be me. "Ali … ohmygod," I cry into the phone. "What! What's wrong?" Alice asks. "Bella, you're scaring me. Answer me. Is it Lily?" "No, she's fine … I'm pregnant." A fresh round of tears stream down my face as I say that last word. "Is that why you're crying? Shit, Bella, you almost gave me a heart attack!" My pregnancy is high-risk since the doctors weren't able to remove the IUD: no strenuous activity, and frequent doctor visits. I found myself in the emergency room at eleven weeks. Jasper and I were lying in bed when I felt a gush of warmth between my legs. Jumping up, Jasper thought I peed the bed. When I pulled the covers back, it wasn't pee. It was blood—and lots of it. We rushed to the hospital, believing I was miscarrying. My nerves were a wreck. Just when we had gotten used to the idea of another baby, we were losing it. This was unreal. Jasper just sat and held my hand until he was forced to drop Lily at Alice's, then I was alone and the tears and prayers came. When the bleeding finally stopped, the doctors explained that the baby was still where he should be. The IUD moved and caused the bleeding. But I was put on even stricter rules. The doctor put me on part-time work and lots of bed rest. I could hardly lift my daughter, or carry a sack of groceries up to our apartment. After that, things changed. Being five months pregnant with my second child should be a happy time for my family, only it isn't. It's been stressful. I knew having another child wasn't what Jasper and I wanted at first, our circumstances aren't ideal. We live in an apartment—we're cramped as it is with just Lily. Jasper's been working toward a promotion at work, a position that would allow us to achieve the goals he's set. Jasper's plan was to save some money and buy our family a home. All that's been placed on hold, now that I only work three days a week. Our finances have been tight, which has Jasper stressed out and me feeling guilty—useless. I've noticed a change in my husband. He's been distant about a month now. When I question him about it, he says he's been busy at work with the late night and weekend meetings. He hasn't touched me since the bleeding incident, claiming he doesn't want to stress my body—scared that having sex will cause more bleeding. He says that I should just concentrate on the baby. "What's so different in this pregnancy? When I was pregnant with Lily, we had sex all the time?" Is he not attracted to me anymore, am