Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: Counting Stars Pairing: Edward/Jasper Rating: M Word Count: 4531 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entitles or song lyrics herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: Edward dreams of a different life in which he is free to love Jasper in the light of day. What is he willing to risk to make his dreams come true? I find my mother in the library, in her safe haven, surrounded by the books she has grown to adore more than anything or anyone. She seems as tiny as a needle in a haystack in this enormous room, all four walls lined ceiling to floor with fiction and non-fiction, periodicals and maps. I have never particularly liked it in here, with its musty stench and constant dampness. The fireplace does little to ward off the chill in the air. She addresses me without looking up from her book, as usual. "Edward, how do I find thee today?" Exhausted from the endless charade and avoiding her inquiry, I slump into the red velvet lounge adjacent the matching ottoman mother so delicately perches upon. Her fiery auburn locks match mine in color and color alone. Though relatively short, my wisps refuse to obey, standing in disarray in every direction imaginable. Mother's long mane is neatly piled atop her crown, each cascading curl in its perfect place. In her favorite hue of baby blue, her formal dress is made of the finest silk, though most uncomfortable to be sure; even more so than my fitted suit coat and trousers, I presume. The weight of my worries is suffocating; I find it difficult to hide my inner turmoil, though I have been raised to do just that. "Edward… you look absolutely dreadful. Are you ill?" Mother questions, having glanced at me momentarily, her eyes already glued to her book once more. Answering honestly for a change, my voice betrays the anguished emotions of which I attempt to contain. "I am terribly ill at heart, if you must know. Beside myself with grief…" "Oh, Edward, stop being so dramatic," she quietly interrupts. That is the way it is with Queen Esme. Her delicate voice drowns out all – the king alone, the only royal or commoner unaffected by her calm commanding demeanor. "I pray this has nothing to do with your male companion. What is his name… Jasper, is it?" Exasperated, I abruptly stand from my resting place and take to pacing the large room. Must we have this conversation, again? Mother patiently awaits for my tantrum to subside. She is patient, if nothing else. The agitation boiling in my blood gradually recedes to a manageable level, until I find I am able to stand before the Queen, to answer her absurd question. "Yes, Mother. His name is Jasper. He has been my companion for these past six years. Why do you insist on pretending to know not his name?" "Tut, tut… my son. Take not that tone with me. I choose to forget his name because he is unworthy of one second of my time. I wish not to waste one ounce of my energy recollecting a lowly pauper's name, or discussing his inferior place in my son's life. Honestly, I would be relieved to never hear his name spoken within these walls, again." "That is father talking, and you know it. Not the mother I once knew." As soon as the resentful words leave my mouth, I regret them. With no strength left to stand under the assault of her disapproving glare, I sink to my knees in resignation. Willing my mouth to be silent, I attempt not to speak the words, the pointless words that will not make a difference. The kingdom means more to her than I – she's proven as much time and time again, yet I dare dream she will hear my plea and grant me my only happiness. If she would stand up on my behalf, possibly my father would listen. They were loving parents once, before the responsibilities of being monarchs tainted their blood. Deep down inside, they must want for their son's happiness, mustn't they? "Why can you not be more like Peter? If only he had been born first…" She verbalizes what I know to often be on her mind. I ignore the pain shooting through to my core at her bluntness. Looking to the floor, the words I should not speak aloud tumble from my tongue. "I love him, Mother. I wish not to refuse my heart's desire another second of another minute of another day..." "Even if what you say is true, it matters not. You are destined to be King, and will not be the first King to care more for his male companion than his wife. Forget not… you must only receive his company under the darkness of night, behind the locked doors of your bedchamber. Are we perfectly clear?" Looking up from my place at her feet, I witness fleeting love and concern swirling amongst the superiority and indifference she expertly wears. I simply nod, unable to form words as my heart breaks within the constricting walls of my chest. "I have warned you against keeping just one particular companion, time and time again. I have counselled you to keep a woman companion also, multiple if possible. However, you are young. There is plenty of time for that. Your entire life is before you, and as King, anyone you desire will be at your disposal." I cringe at her words, lacking the desire to treat my subjects as disposable. The thought, in fact, is offending. I am in need of no other companion besides my Jasper, male or female. Not a one. Just him. "You have not yet lay with a woman, have you?" she half chides, half questions. I barely shake my head, yet my voice sings with conviction. "No, Mother. I am quite satisfied with my male companion, my one companion. I have never felt inclined to lie with the opposite gender." "Yes, well… it is neither here nor there. You will marry Princess Bella in a fortnight. You will become King and fill your Queen with child. However many times it takes until she bears you a son, this family, an heir. This is how it has been for too many centuries to count. This is how it will continue to be. One can only hope your eldest son appreciates his birth right more than you ever have." I whisper my compliance, the words bitter on my tongue. "Yes, Mother." Standing, I bow to the Queen and make a hasty exit. Safely locked within the protective walls of my private quarters, I breathe a sigh of relief. Here I can be myself. Here, I am free to be me, if only for a few dark hours. Yet, my nights of freedom are limited. Thoughts of sharing them with her cause tears to gather in the corners of my emerald eyes. Princess Bella is nice, everything that a princess and future Queen should be, and beautiful, to be sure; yet I feel no connection to her, no chemistry. I cannot imagine touching her in any way, let alone in a way which might fill her with child. How many nights will I be parted from my love, my heart – when I am married and must also share the moonlight with my wife? How will I survive not breathing in his essence every night, not taking pleasure from his body, that which sustains me through the lonely days? The setting sun shines through my window, hope blooming as it begins its descent. The fresh summer breeze calms my nerves. I gaze over the courtyard, the walls beyond, the town below… the kingdom I would give anything to not one day rule. For with the kingdom comes responsibilities. Responsibilities of which include living a half-life. Under the blanket of darkness the night provides, within the walls of this room, I can love him. In the light of day, I must not. The last sliver of the sun disappears behind the distant treetops where the endless forest begins. The beat of my heart quickens, and my body responds by hardening in preparation for my lover. For I know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that once the last light disappears from the western sky, he will return to me. I stand motionless, watching the sky blissfully devoid of all light, at last. The stars break through, and I am taken back to a simpler time. A time of young lovers, meeting in the meadow under the stars, lying together in every sense of the word. Counting stars while catching our breaths, awaiting our hearts return to slower rhythms, the sweat from our endeavors cooling on overheated skin. There is nothing I would not give to return to simpler days of my youth, when adult duties yet did not bind me to this castle, locking my love for a boy behind solid oak, deep within stone walls. His knock is my salvation, pulling me from such sweet memories that torture me so. Unconsciously, I hold my breath until I have let him in, until he is safe, taking form before my eyes. I hastily lock the door, then turn to him so I might breathe again. His blue-grey stare greets me, mirroring the intensity of my own. We stand, mere inches between us, yet neither of us makes the move we both so desperately depend upon. His beauty mesmerizes me. Every moment I am blessed to gaze upon this gorgeous creature, in awe I am that I somehow am deemed worthy to spend any time in his presence. His lean, muscular body and the manner in which his blond hair curls around beautiful, though masculine features, are the least of the things I love about this man. The heart that beats within his flesh, steady and true… loyal through and through, that is what binds me to him so. "Sire…" he whispers with ragged breath, ruby lips quivering. I reach out to cup his face, his skin burning mine once more, branding me his for all eternity. "I have told you, my love… speak not my formal name behind this door… within these walls… within our sanctuary." "Sire… you are my lord. You have and always will be. And a generous lord to grant me such kindness, to show me your love, to share royal flesh with mine unworthy. Nevertheless, I am your servant. I have been since first I saw your face in the courtyard when I became lost that day, wandering onto your royal grounds. I was yours from that moment on. I will be till death takes me, and in the after-life beyond, forever more, your loyal companion." I shake my head against his truths. "It feels wrong to me; I only feel right doing what I am told is wrong. In turn, I feel wrong, acting as I am told is right. I refuse to view you as my servant, as inferior. Please, Jasper…" He calms me with his shy smile, assuring me he will concede with the slight nod of his head. "Edward…" My birth name falling from his lips is my undoing. I close the distance between us, finally… finally drinking him in. Finally… refreshing my parched soul from our day's fast. Garments are quickly torn away as we inch our bodies toward the bed. We cannot touch enough, cannot taste enough; our mouths and hands relearn one another's tongues and flesh. Every night we experience such frenzy, this intense desperation. Our passion and need for one another reignites between us, its embers burning slowly, secretly in wait throughout the day, to quickly blaze an inferno once fueled again each night. Reining in the release my body already craves, I slow my searching fingers and famished lips. Jasper knows what I ask; he always does. He