Contest Entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: Hidden Seam Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Word Count: 7,730 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities or songs herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: Bella feared that she would suffer from the same mental illness as her mother – and then she starts hearing a voice speaking through mirrors. Will she believe it is all a delusion, or will she discover a hidden truth she never imagined? "You been sleeping, kid?" Bella flinches at the question, her hands twitching against the cloth of the bar towel, murky green eyes darting to the round, kind face of her oldest uncle Ben as reality filters back to the forefront of her mind. He appears concerned – and for good reason. Bella feared that it was happening to her, too, just as it had happened to Ben's sister, her mother. She couldn't imagine what it would be like to watch two generations fall to the psychosis. Part of her was ashamed that she came to Ben when the symptoms first appeared, but she'd had no other choice; her father was gone, her mother was absent, and any friends she might have had disappeared when she started hearing voices in the lecture halls. Her hand clenches the cloth weakly, pushing against the smooth, worn-in wood of the bar top to clean the already spotless surface. Bella's eyes watch the movement, her mind half-removed, as if she isn't really there, as if she isn't really moving her own hand. "I'm fine, Ben," she answers gently, looking back at him again, though, not directly at him, her eyes settling on the dilapidated mirror behind his head. Odd , she thinks as a shadowy movement crosses the face of the reflective glass. It looks like there's someone in there . Forcefully, Bella pushes that thought away; she was a step away from believing that a person could live inside a mirror and she did not intend to encourage such delusions. As if she had any choice in the matter. "…just checking because Angela noticed that you lost some weight," Ben says, catching her gaze. Bella shakes her head, frowning, trying to piece together what she had actually heard. "No, I'm fine. Really," she insists, glancing towards the familiar faces that shuffle into the diner, the sharp smell of fresh fish blowing into the large room. "Welcome to Ben's ," she greets. The patrons are like most others that come to Ben's Diner – anglers carrying the sharp smell of fish, and skin weathered by salt water and long days in the sun. These men in particular were older, well seasoned, and were followed by significantly younger men around Bella's age. She dared not to stare too long at any of them, because she felt that sometimes her murky eyes made people feel strange, though that might have been a delusion, too. "Marcus," Ben says, thankfully turning his attention towards his customers. Bella uses the reprieve to gaze at the scratched and tarnished mirror, head tilted to the side, ears absently cataloging the conversation. "How is it out there?" "Crab season," Marcus answers by way of explanation. There was no more to say - crab season in Maine never changed. "Pull up a seat, then. It's a slow day," Ben replies. Marcus raises his bushy graying brows. "Is it? Even with a pretty young girl working here?" Bella's face heats, blood rushing to her cheeks as she struggles to refocus her mind away from the dilapidated mirror. Her eyes dart to the two younger men who were settling into a table in the middle of the diner, one of whom seems to be suppressing a smile as he looks up at her. She is embarrassed, and looks away. Ben seems to notice a modicum of her distress. "You said it yourself, Marcus. It's crab season." Marcus smiles kindly in a way only an older man can – completely non-threatening, so sweetly that Bella exhales softly in response. "Why don't you go out with my grandson tonight?" he suggests. Bella blinks, murky-green eyes darting to the men at the table. "I don't know…" "Good thinking," Marcus' friend says. "Except my grandson would be a much better choice." Marcus looks skeptical. "And how do you know that ?" "He's on the football team at his college." "She doesn't like football," Marcus scoffs. "A pretty girl like this likes smart boys." "My grandson is taller than yours." "Height doesn't matter!" Bella turns wide eyes to her uncle, unsure of how to proceed while the two men argued over which of their grandsons would be the better date – as if she was actually going on a date with either of them. Ben rolls his eyes and nods his head towards the kitchen, and Bella gratefully escapes through the swinging door. "Bella!" She turns towards the sound of her aunt's voice, offering a half-smile. Away from the mirror, the weight of the growing delusion was suddenly on her shoulders, heavy, hot, and inescapable. She wanted to go home and go to sleep, as if sleep would make the symptoms of the psychosis go away. "You taking off for the day?" "I think so," Bella nods, warily glancing at the swinging door. "I still have things to unpack." Angela throws an amused glance towards the door, rolling her eyes. "Go. I don't blame you for wanting to duck out. But eat something, okay?" Self-consciously, Bella tugs at her thin shirt, which truly did seem to be much looser than it had been a few weeks ago. She had lost weight, and that thought made her insides churn. When her mother's delusions started, extreme weight loss had been the first notable symptom, and the phrase was plastered over the medical files. Bella ducks her head and waves at her aunt. "Tell Uncle Ben I'll see him tomorrow morning." "Drive safe!" Bella had grown up extraordinarily poor, clothed in second-hand items from the Goodwill and relying on her father's measly disability checks to make up for the lack of funds after her mom was caged into a New York mental hospital. When she was old enough, Bella had worked odd jobs around her neighborhood, eventually scraping up enough saved money to take the SATs, which had eventually led to a scholarship at Columbia. A year ago, when she was eighteen and new to the college scene, Bella had lucked out at an auto-shop as part of her work-study program for engineering, and The Beast had become her work project as well as her pride and joy – the one thing in the entire world that was hers . The Beast wasn't new; in fact, it was a hideous thing of a vehicle, antiqued from the 70's, the color some horrible mix between blood orange and rust, and half the paint missing. She'd put countless hours into the engine and The Beast still backfired more often than not, but she wouldn't change anything about her truck. Bella worked hard for The Beast, almost as hard as she had worked to overcome the stigma of being a child of two disabled parents – one without the use of his legs, the other without the use of her mind. She doesn't sigh when the clutch sticks on first gear, or when a plume of smoke from the tailpipe follows the tread of her tires. She quite enjoys the rumbling, bouncing vibrations of the cab as she drives down the darkening Maine coast, which was thick with trees and the salty smell of the ocean. She hardly cringes when her engine roars and stutters as she pulls into the little driveway of the bungalow she was renting. Much like The Beast, the one bedroom, one bathroom bungalow was chipped and withering, settled deep into a stumped clearing, with dirty, cloudy windows that Bella had yet to clean. The bungalow's owner was in the middle of renovating the home and only let Bella stay there because he knew that Bella had " fancy education " in engineering, thus providing free electrical work; she wasn't quick to inform him that she'd had to drop out halfway through her sophomore year. Inside, exactly four boxes contained all of Bella's worldly belongings, which mainly consisted of old clothes, tattered books, and familial keepsakes that she couldn't bring herself to open. The door slammed behind her with a creek as she flicked on yellowed lights, illuminating stained shag carpets. Despite Angela's reminder to eat, Bella bypasses the pea-green kitchen in favor of the half-demolished bathroom, which had both the only working sink in the house, and the only mirror. She went directly to the mirror without much thought, staring at the glass with unwavering attention. "Is anyone in there?" The mirror doesn't reply. Of course not, it's a mirror. I really am losing my mind. Bella leans away from the mirror, craning her neck back to look at the water-stained ceiling, fingers curled around the edge of the sink. Her mother used to talk to her reflection, too. The faucet turns on with a splurge of protest, the water icy as it coats the skin of Bella's hands and face. She uses the soft flannel of her shirt to dry her face, almost cautiously looking back at her reflection. It wasn't particularly spectacular. Bella wasn't average in many ways and especially not in her appearance, which was attractive in an offbeat way; an up-turned nose, small chin, and high cheekbones, all of which were almost overwhelmed by her slightly-too-large lips and wide, round eyes. She preferred the long, loose curls of her dark hair to fall across her face, partially to hide the freckles that made her stick out as a child. She didn't think of herself as pretty; in fact, she was sure that most people thought exactly the opposite after a cursory glance, because her looks required time to get used to. And, if anything, the absent-daydreaming quality of her personality made people more reluctant to interact with her. Growing up, she had resented those factors – but now that she was losing her mind, she embraced them. She smoothed her expression, looking for her mother in her own face, and finding familiar features. When people look at me, I wonder if they see the schizophrenia. Is it the shape of my eyes? These are my mother's eyes. Bella leans forward again, examining the exact shade of her eyes, which, most days, she defined as murky green, like a swamp. Today, though, they seemed brighter and flecked with amber. She shakes her head and the eyes in her reflection darken again. "Back to normal, that's good. If only I could stop seeing… things in these mirrors-" "You Gatekeepers ," a voice suddenly complains, his tone thick with exasperation. "Always thinking that you're crazy. It's terribly inconvenient." Bella jumps back, spine slamming against the peeling wallpaper. Her hands shake as, right before her eyes, an apparition of a face appears in the mirror, the features unclear – but undeniably there . "Oh, God. I really am losing my mind." "That's what they all say." She huffs out a surprised, incredulous laugh. "The delusion is snarky!" "That's offensive," the voice quips. "I'm no delusion." It talks back. I'm having a conversation with a figment of my imagination. "Then who are you? What are you?" The blurred face in the mirror seems to smile. "Those are the kinds of questions Gatekeepers should be asking! You wouldn't believe how rare it is. Usually, you all just scream and cry, and it's such a bore. I have more important things to do than listen to you whine about how mad you are." Bella's brows rise. "Who are you?" she repeats, back still flat against the wall, because, quite suddenly, the delusion seemed real. Perhaps, though, it only felt real because her growing irritation was visceral. "Me?" the deep baritone inquires. "I'm a Guard." "A Guard,"