Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: Better Than Revenge Pairing: Edward/Bella/Tanya Rating: T Word Count: 7.607 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: Revenge. That's all Bella thinks of when Tanya steals her best friend just to taunt her. She starts to put her plan in motion, but what will she do when her best friend and love of her life confronts her about a conversation that he overheard? School reunions. I hate them. I look around and see a lot of familiar faces. I can't believe that I let someone talk me into coming to this thing, and by someone I mean one of my best friends:, a little pixie named Alice. It's been five years since I've been in these halls, but I'm already here so I might as well see what is new with all these people. "Are you still revengeful, Bella?" a young woman asks me. Her blond hair is up in a beautiful bun and her make-up is done perfectly, making her blue eyes pop. I remember her very well. She is the person who made my high school years feel like hell. "Are you still stealing what isn't yours?" I laugh. "Besides, Tanya, you know me. There is nothing I do better than revenge." And I give her a sweet smile that turns into a smirk. She starts laughing. "You're a funny girl, Bella," Tanya says. "I still remember that thing you did with my shampoo." I have to repress my smile, because I clearly remember what I did, but also the reason for doing it. "You know, Tanya," I tell her. "I never did it without a reason. Now go stand in the corner and think about what you did." BTR Ha, time for a little revenge. BTR It's a beautiful day. Summer is about to begin and for once it isn't raining so I'm cycling to my best friend's house. The moment I become sixteen will be the sweetest moment. It's not that I don't like riding my bike, but sometimes it's very tiresome. Just as I'm arriving at my best friend's house, the door opens and his sister, Alice, walks out. "Bella!" she screeches. "You're finally here. Edward is acting like a dork. Maybe you could tell him that shopping is fun." I laugh and roll my eyes. "You know I support Edward's opinion on that, Alice." Alice sighs and walks to the garage, where her bicycle stands. Alice is two months younger than me and is also counting down the days until she can have her driver's license. "Tell my mother I'm going to Rosalie's," she orders me. "At least, she will go shopping with me instead of playing the piano." I laugh, while putting my bicycle in the garage. "Don't laugh." Alice pouts. "It's the truth." "Alice," I start, "I know it's the truth, but you won't change me." "Yeah, I know that. We've known each other since we were in diapers." That's the truth because our parents, just like Rosalie's parents, were best friends. Every weekend we have dinner with them. This weekend it would be in our house. "See you later, pixie," I say, while walking in the house. "Edward, I'm here." "Finally, a normal girl," he says like he was dying. "You know that your sister is the normal girl, right?" I ask him. He shrugs. "I like you more than her. You don't talk about shopping." I smile. Everybody except our parents, finds it weird that Edward and I are best friends. It isn't that weird. We loved the same music and love to do the same things. The only difference is that Edward is a year older than me. We both play the piano and the guitar, although he plays way better than me. Edward is six-foot-two and has a slender yet tone body, reddish brown hair with a mind of his own, and the greenest eyes. I think they look like emeralds. Sometimes, I feel myself get lost in them. "Are you ready for the summer?" Edward pulls me out of my thoughts with his question. "Oh, of course," I answer enthusiastically. "Who isn't ready?" "Yeah, of course. I can't believe I start my senior year after the summer." "Don't remind me," I grunt. "Come on, Bells," he says. "It's only a year later that you will join me in college." It is true, but every time that he has to remind me of his last year in high school, I lose the courage to tell him the truth. "I know, Edward," I say. "It's just . . ." "That you'll miss me endlessly," he teases me. I grimace, because even though it's true that I'll miss him, it's not what I want to say. "Yeah, that's right." I confirm so he won't notice that I'm almost crying. "I have to go to the bathroom." I walk out of the hall into the bathroom and let the tears fall. Someday I will find the courage to tell him the truth. BTR The story starts when it was hot And it was summer And I had it all I had him right there where I wanted him. BTR A week later, the summer starts, and I'm ready to go with my family, the Cullens, and the Hales to California. "I can't believe we are going to L.A.," Alice squeals. "I'm so ready to go to the beach and get some tan." I'm sitting with Rose and Alice, talking about our vacation, because Edward has to do something, otherwise I would spend my day with him. "I think is going to be a great time for changes, right, girls?" I say. "Alice may be changing her Facebook status to 'in a relationship' for what I overheard my brother saying the other night," Rose shares with a smile. "You think so? I can't wait for Jazzy to ask me to be his girlfriend! He's so handsome with his olive green eyes, golden locks, and athletic body . . ." Alice is over the moon in love with Jasper, Rose's older brother. Has been since we were kids. It's taken them long enough to finally commit to a relationship. They look really good together. But I'm sure there will be another couple in the near future. You see, Edward has a fraternal twin, a real goofus named Emmett. They look nothing alike; Emmett is tall and has a muscular body, short curly dark hair, and when he smiles dimples form on his cheeks. He's one of the most loving and loyal people I've ever met, and Rose has had a huge crush on him for what feels like forever. "Do you guys think Emmett likes me?" Rose asks shyly, like she was reading my mind. Alice and I both look at her questioningly. "Where did that come from?" I ask her. "Yeah, Bella is right," Alice adds. "Where is the confident girl we know and love?" "You know I like Emmett," Rose explains. "But does he like me?" "Of course, Rose," I say and go to hug her. "He would be a blind asshole if he doesn't like you." "And when are you going to tell Edward the truth?" Alice questions me. Rose laughs when I start blushing. "Yeah, when?" "I don't like him," I lie. "Oh no?" Rose teases me. "So you don't mind that the girls are running after him to get in his pants." "He would never do that." The girls laugh at my admission, and I have to confess that I am jealous. I know about all the girls of our school that wanted to date him, but he never went after them or accepted their propositions. I don't know why he refuses their pleas, but I'm always hoping that it's because he likes me. "Bella, if you don't tell him by the end of next school's year, there will be a college girl going after him," Rose tells me. "Rose is right about that. He won't always be single," Alice goes further. Tears are forming, but I try to keep them at bay. "I know that, but I don't have the courage to tell him." "Why not?" Alice asks. "What if he doesn't like me back?" I wonder. "What about our friendship? I don't want to risk losing my best friend because of that." "He will like you," Rose vows. "You don't see how he looks at you." "That's not true," I argue. "When are you going to see yourself clearly?" I can only shrug. They both are the most beautiful girls in Forks. Rosalie has long, wavy, blond hair and honey colored eyes. I'm certain she could be a model. She has legs that go for miles, a rocking hot body, and an even more gorgeous smile. Many girls at our school were jealous of her. Rose wasn't just your typical girl. Yes, she loves shopping and dressing up, but she loves working on cars even more. If any of us have trouble with our cars, she repairs them. She is really good, and of course cheap. Alice is petite, but she compensates that with her happy character. She has black hair that is cut in a pixie look. She used to have longer hair, but she said it was way too long for her small frame. This new hair style makes the color of her eyes pop even more. Alice has this amazing kind of greenish eye color that is very unique. Of course fashion is her hobby and if she can do it as a job, she will be the happiest girl in the world. I have long brown hair. I'm shorter than Rose, but taller than Alice. I'm not thin, but also not that heavy. The girls always say that I have the right curves. I love reading and classical music. I like playing my piano and my guitar. I sometimes write my own music, but lately I can't find any inspiration for it. "You're very beautiful, Bella," Alice says. I look at her and smile. "You just have to accept that." "Bella!" Edward's home. I jump up and run out of Alice's room. "And there she goes," Alice and Rose sings. "Edward," I greet him when I'm downstairs. "I've got news, Bells." BTR She came along Got him alone And let's hear the applause She took him faster than you can say sabotage BTR I've news, Bells. The words are still playing in my head and the words that came afterward are also on repeat. Edward has a date. A date. I still can't believe it. Last week he came home and told me the real reason why he couldn't spend the day with me. A girl in his class asked him to go drink coffee in Port Angeles. That I don't find that bad, but when he told me who the girl is, I run. He calls after me, but I take my bike out of the garage and hurry back home. The tears are already falling down my cheeks. Tanya Porter. Tanya Porter is the girl who he is going on a date with. Tonight. It's my own fault of course; I never told him the truth. I only thought he has better taste. He knows that Tanya bullies me in school. He also knows the rumors she spreads about me, but now he's going on a date with her. Edward tries calling me all week. His sister eventually comes to my house and hugs me, telling me that he's a blind asshole. My phone rings again and without looking at the screen, I push ignore. A couple of minutes later, I receive a text message. Thinking it is Alice, I open it. Why are you ignoring me? I need your advice. E x I cry even more. He doesn't realize why I'm ignoring him. I thought he is a smart boy, but