Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: Hunting High & Low Pairing: Edward/Jasper Rating: M Word Count: 6502 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities or song lyrics herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: What if Edward never really loved Bella when he left her alone in woods? Did she ever have his heart or did it belong to another, someone who claimed it so many years before but who was with another. Will he be able to find his love again or will he be left hunting high and low? I came from a time when men simply didn't have relationships with other men in the open, and it held me back at first. It was heavily frowned on in society. The social stigma from those times still resonated deep within me. Jasper was much older than me, and he had even more of a problem coming to terms with the multitude of emotions flooding through him every time we were close to each other. It didn't help he could sense my feelings with his gift. At first, he ran from what he was feeling for me, and I for him. Ashamed to think he could be attracted to another man, Jasper continued to deny what he felt for me. After being with Alice for so long, what happened next was expected. No one questioned his sudden proposal and insistence on marrying as quickly as possible. It was clearly a knee jerk reaction to his growing desire for me, and my reciprocated feelings for him. The family were all delighted. Me? I was dying inside, watching as the one person I truly loved pledged his life and love to another. Jasper put on a brave face, but deep down, he despised himself for the feelings raging inside him. They were magnified when I allowed myself to think about what we could have together, if only we let our feelings be free and threw caution to the wind. It was too late, though. Alice's gift meant she had seen herself and Jasper together. She'd had visions filled with them meeting my family and being blissfully happy together. The only problem with the scenario was I wasn't living with the Cullen's at the time. I had moved away in the hope of finding what my life was missing, but how could I find it when I never knew what it was that I needed. I never figured in her picture postcard visions of their future together. She didn't even know I existed, or what my presence would mean for them. Had she known, I often wondered if she would she have brought them to our door. I doubted it, but I would never truly know the answer. I struggled to come to terms with having stronger and stronger feelings for Jasper, despite the fact he was married to Alice. It led to me growing increasingly moody and withdrawn. I couldn't bear to be around him at times; seeing him touch Alice, knowing he made love to her in their bedroom. The entire time, I wanted it to be me in his arms, in his bed. Jasper felt the same. At times, he would forget I could read his mind. Some nights, he pictured me beneath him in bed, not Alice. He would feel guilty afterwards, and indulge her every whim. This led to expensive gifts and shopping trips as he tried to alleviate the guilt. My family took my change in mood to mean one thing, and one thing only: I was lonely in this life. Their answer? I needed a mate. Someone to fill the endless hours of my existence with, to keep me company. To love and to love me in return. Their decision to find me a mate started the endless matchmaking which I fought against. Carlisle and Esme couldn't understand my reluctance. All I wanted was Jasper, who was achingly within reach, but might as well be a million miles away. Jasper and I fought against our feelings for a number of years. One day, hunting in the forest near our Alaskan home, he turned and stared at me, a quizzical look in his eyes. I couldn't read his thoughts, which scared me. Why was he hiding what he was thinking from me? We stared at each other for what felt like eternity, and there was suddenly a chink in his mental armor; I could hear him. Clear as day, he thought, 'Why do I want you so badly?' I didn't say a word, deciding to let my actions speak louder than words ever could. I stepped tentatively toward him, never once taking my eyes from his. I read his body language and gestures like I would when observing my prey, but he was far from being viewed as such. From what I could tell, he was waiting for me to act. He decided to allow it, so I made my move. Standing right before him, I could feel the electricity spark between us. We were both aware of what was going to happen. It was destined from the first moment I set eyes on Jasper Whitlock. My lips found his, and it was heaven. The gentle meeting soon gave way to a deeper kiss, as our hands and arms wrapped around each other's bodies, locking us together. My tongue teased against his, and I found myself pushing him back. Strength-wise, we were pretty equally matched. He was stronger, but he allowed me to take the upper hand, moving him backwards until we hit a tree. The sound of our bodies hitting it was like a loud crack of thunder in the silence of the forest, and the tree creaked and groaned before falling backwards to the ground. He smiled as he clung to me to stay upright. We looked around for somewhere to be together, but also alone. He picked up on my need, and I saw him remembering a small cabin a couple of miles back. Pulling away, he gave me a wink before setting off at top speed. I let him have a small head start. We both knew I was faster than him, but I let him beat me. Once at the cabin, we were so lost in our need, nothing else mattered. When the door closed, a whole new part of our lives began. The touch of him on my skin was searing, feeling so right, even though I knew it was wrong. His lips caressed mine, and I moaned. Reading his mind, I knew this was what he wanted, and through my feelings, he would see that was returned. We didn't care there wasn't a bed. Everything we needed was here; each other. We crashed to the ground, Jasper pinning me to the rough wooden floor. My hands roamed his body as he removed his clothing. I was lost in the feelings, never wanting it to end. We responded instinctively, no words needed. I knew he would take control of my body, and I surrendered to him. Jasper knew what he was doing as he ran his fingers towards my ass, right where I wanted him. We continued to kiss, and when he moved his lips to my neck, a shudder of excitement ran through my body. Jasper pulled back from me, moving my legs so they were hitched over his arms. Slowly, he brought his fingers to his lips before laving them with his tongue. I could see the faint glimmer of venom as it coated his fingers. The scent assaulted my nostrils, and I inhaled deeply. A low growl escaped my mouth before I could stop it. This only seemed to encourage him as his fingers disappeared from sight, only to push against me where I needed him most, begging for entrance before his digits slid inside. I expected some pain, but instead, I felt a sense of euphoria and completion. I had heard from Carlisle about the wonders of our venom. Of course, I knew it contained the power to stop a human heart and transform the living into a vampire. He surmised when we mated, the reason the bond was so strong had to do with the venom. He couldn't pinpoint the science behind his theory, despite years of trying. The feeling of Jasper's fingers as they teased and stretched me caused another, much deeper growl to escape me. His lips returned to mine, slowing the noise I made, before he whispered, "I… Edward, I want you. I want this." I groaned, lost in the feelings coursing through me. "Please, I want you, but I'm scared." He pulled his fingers from inside me, sitting back and fixing me with his stare. "I know you are, but I can make you feel so good. It won't hurt, I promise. But if you're not sure..." The fact he was worried about me and didn't want to hurt me made my still, unbeating heart soar. The words fell from my mouth before I could stop them. "Please, Jasper, I want you." Those words were all he needed to hear, as he wet his fingers once again worked me almost to the point of losing control. He stopped and looked into my eyes. Picking up his silent question, I nodded, and watched as he stroked himself, causing the pre cum to pool, the scent of it filling me with lust. I couldn't wait much longer, and neither could he. Positioning himself at my entrance, he pushed slowly forward. I expected to feel pain despite his initial preparation, but instead, I felt exhilaration and love. He rocked us slowly as he made love to me, claiming me as his. I had never felt so complete, so happy. The expression on his face was one I would never forget. The feelings racing through me were all new, and I never wanted it to end. As vampires, we didn't tire, so the physical element to our coupling was not an issue. However, our ability to control the most basic and feral part of our make up was tenuous. All too soon, my body reacted to the immense stimulation, and every hair on my body stood on end. I cried out as an orgasm ripped through my body. Jasper quickly followed, before collapsing at my side. If we had been human, I would have said he was catching his breath. We were locked together in this bubble, like there was only us that existed. Of course, we weren't. All too soon, we would have to return home, where I had no idea what would happen. I relaxed in his arms, my head resting on his chest as I tried to make some sense of what we had done. I couldn't get a fix on Jasper's thoughts as we lay there. We didn't need to recoup energy like humans, but the simple action made me feel closer to him, knowing once we left here, it would be over. We would soon go back to our normal routine, pretending nothing happened. I didn't want to lose the feeling I had been searching for my whole life. Finally, we broke apart, hastily getting dressed without words being exchanged. Jasper and I both seemed to be experiencing a mixture of shock and relief we had finally given in to our desires, but at the same time, there was an underlying feeling of guilt. We had never once given a thought to our family, or what this could do to them if they found out. In reality, it was too late to worry about the outcome now. We left the cabin behind, jogging through the forest, picking off easy prey along the way to satisfy at least one of our remaining cravings. Just as we approached the outskirts of the town, Jasper reached out and grabbed my arm, stopping me. When I looked at him, I could read his thoughts clearly, but I needed to