Title: Never Sleep, Never Die Author: Ainu Laire Rating: PG-13 Genre: Angst, slightly AU Summary: Hope has been lost, and found; but what if found too late? A song-fic for the song 'Whisper' by Evanescence. Disclaimer: I am making no profits off this piece of fan fiction and all Tolkien characters and places belong to the Tolkien Estate. Thanks to all the great authors out there that inspired me with their brilliant stories. Edit : Becuase of this site's ban on lyrics, I have removed the lyrics from this story. The original song-fic (which I personally prefer) is linked on my profile. Where the lyrics went is now replaced with little breakage mark... things. "His face was drawn as if with pain, and his hands clenched the arms of his chair… For a while he sat with unseeing eyes as if walking in distant memory or listening to sounds in the Night far away." He did not know who they were. Unfortunately for him, they knew who he was. He did not know for how long he had been there. It could have been days. It could have been years. It did not matter to him anymore. He just wished it would all end. O0O0O The hallucinations were driving him mad. They started not long ago, but they had not stopped. He was not sure where they had come from; it could have been poisoning, sickness, or just lack of food and water. It did not matter. He just wished that they would go away, for they were taunting him. He saw them every day. He saw them when he was alone; he saw them when he was with him . Or maybe it would be a better term, for he was not sure who, or what, his captor was. His captor. His captors. He knew there were more, but he only saw one. Every day he saw the same one; he did not know how he knew that it was only one he saw, for they all looked the same. He just knew. And every day, he would torture his body and mind. And the hallucinations would always be there. Ai, the hallucinations. Sometimes he wished they were real, even if they did laugh and torment him. Even if they just stood around and did nothing to help him. He would give his life to see a recognizable face. He would give his life to leave this living hell. He would give his life just to take the pain away. Unfortunately for him, he could not. O0O0O He wondered how they knew. He wondered how they figured out. And he wondered why he was still alive. 'They still want you,' a small voice in the back of his head told him. 'They want you for their own.' 'Or,' said a different voice in the back of his head, 'they keep you for someone else.' ' Why me? ' 'Not you,' said the first, 'but what you are.' ' What I am? ' 'Do not be a fool. Elrond warned you that there were those who hunted for the heir of Isildur. And your enemies have found you, and plan to keep you until you are needed no longer. You cannot let that happen.' ' I have not the strength to repel them. ' 'You must,' said the other. 'Or the world of Men will fall.' O0O0O He had not come for a long time, or so it seemed to him. It was hard to keep track of time here in the dark. There was neither sun nor stars to help him. There was just the darkness, ever pressing, ever choking. Nothing could break the shadows that swallowed him whole, destroying whatever light he had inside. His thoughts turned to what was soon to come. Time seemed endless in here, but he knew that soon he would come once more. All in due time. The door was opening. He could not see all that well, but the creaking of the door was loud enough to wake the dead... if only he could be among them. He wanted to turn away and hide, but there was nowhere to go. Maybe if he feigned sleep, his captor would leave him alone and torment him another time. O0O0O He heard a familiar voice. It sounded odd in his ears, for it was different. He hadn't heard a voice that was different from his captor's raspy breath in a long time. He did not want to open his eyes, but he did, and the light of the torch blinded and hurt him. His captor was to burn him in the cell, it seemed. However, he saw not his captor, but the face of a stranger. Nay, not a stranger… ah, yes, but a hallucination. Why would they not go away? He closed his eyes once more. ' Laugh at me, already. Make me not wait for your taunting words, and just be quick. ' He heard no taunts, and wondered why. Then he felt the touch of a cool hand, and he instantly recoiled. ' So you have come. Would you not kill me already? ' The hand did not hit him, nor pull him roughly from the ground. Instead it went to his hand and grasped it tightly. ' How odd. Maybe my hallucinations have decided to comfort me, for they know that my body is weak and that I will soon perish. A small comfort in my last hours. ' He heard the light call of his name. He did not acknowledge it. There was no reason to. Soon enough he would die, and his name would mean nothing anymore. O0O0O "Aragorn, please answer me," begged Elladan, holding his hand tightly. The young man did not respond. "Estel, please…" he whispered, tears threatening to fall from his eyes. He looked at the near-dead man with pain and fury. He was chained to the floor, naked and shivering. Whip marks, burns, and bruises covered the whole of his body. He was much too thin, and his lips were parched. The elf looked up at his brother and friend, who were kneeling right beside him. Legolas was unlocking the manacles that held him while Elrohir gently brushed the hair out of his face. At the cell door stood Gandalf, who looked at the four of them with a pained expression. Indeed, if it were not for the wizard and a good amount of luck, they would have never found Aragorn and have the chance to rescue him with success. Once Legolas had finished undoing the shackles, Elladan covered the young man with his cloak and gently lifted him up. They would have to attend to his wounds elsewhere, where they were somewhat safe. Excluding King Thranduil's halls, there was nowhere in Mirkwood where one could be completely safe. They were in the most dangerous place of Mirkwood, at the moment: Dol Guldur. Three of the Dark Lord's deadliest servants, the Nazgûl, resided here. But by Gandalf's skills, they were out, along with a multitude of their own orc slaves. Thus that is how they managed to enter Dol Guldur at all. The heir of Isildur had been missing for nearly a month. He had been on his way to Thranduil's halls when he had suddenly disappeared. Legolas had come to Rivendell a week after Aragorn had left, looking for the ranger. When it was discovered that he had never made it to the Elven king's halls, Elladan, Elrohir, and Legolas immediately started to search for him. It was by chance that they found Gandalf on the edge of Mirkwood, on his way to Lothlórien. He had joined their company and as they made their way up north, by his advice, they came across a small party of orcs. Some bragged about the capture of a man, and told how he was being held in Dol Guldur, so lost in boasting they were. Once the hideous creatures were dead, the elves and wizard made their way to the dark fortress and had waited on the outskirts of its borders. Gandalf then took leave for half a day, saying that if there was any chance of getting into Dol Guldur, the wraiths needed to be gone. Once he returned, he did not explain his doings and only said that the Nazgûl would soon depart. And indeed, the three Ringwraiths and a good amount of orcs left that same day. After killing all orcs left to guard the fortress, the four of them went into the dark tower and found the young man of only twenty-five years by following Gandalf's lead, who knew the layout of the place well. How, the three elves could only guess. They left the appalling cell and Gandalf once more led them around, Aragorn in Elladan's arms. Soon they found the exit, and their steeds waited nearby, impatient to leave the dark place. They hopped onto their horses, Aragorn in front of Elladan, and quickly sped away. The nearest safe haven was Lothlórien, where they would be permitted. But as it was, Lórien was many days away; would they make it in time? O0O0O He was in pain. Ah, as if that was any different from the rest of his miserable days. But it felt as if he was moving, and moving fast, which made no sense. His head was spinning violently, and if he had anything in his stomach he would have surely lost it. As it was, he did not, but that fact did not make him feel any better. He wanted to fade back to the darkness, but the fast motions going through his body made it impossible. He could feel the cold wind striking his flesh. He was chilled, yet he felt as if he were burning. Ai, would this pain not stop? The cold wind stopped once, if he recalled correctly; he knew not why… indeed, he was not sure why the cold wind was even there. Maybe this was the path to Mandos' halls? But nay, there would not be this much pain… he did not imagine death like this. Once the cold winds had stopped, he had felt better for but a moment. He thought he felt something, someone, touching him and calling his name, but he did not know. He could not differentiate between imagination and reality anymore. Soon again the cold winds started once more. This time, however, he thought he could hear the sound of curious drumbeat… very fast, very repetitive. He knew he had heard that sound before, but he could not recall where. But the thumps and beat soon faded, and he found himself once more in the cold wind alone, beating upon his skin. He did not know how much time had passed. Time meant nothing to him. On the brink of death, how could the cold world of the living mean anything to him? Time did not exist in the darkness, which was so near… he could almost touch it… but did he want to? The wind stopped. It did not fade, but just suddenly ceased. He was curious for a moment, but too tired to dwell on it. After a moment of nothingness, another sound came to his ear. O0O0O He heard voices, though they seemed far away. He did not know who they were, and he could not understand them, but found that he did not care. They were probably taunting him once again, calling him weak, waiting for him… waiting for him to do what? To give up. To lose the fight. To die. Aye, that is what they waited for. Before, he would have laughed at them, and they would have fled. But now… their voices were seducing, their promises full of glory and peace. Free of pain, free of sickness, free of grief, free of death. All he had to do was follow. O0O0O Would he follow them? They sounded so lovely, so