Summary: She did not wish for it, but she got it. A girl is stuck in the book... literally. Quite, quite literally. Parody. A/N: When 20 out of the 25 summaries you read on the "Just In" section are girls-falling-into-ME stories, something like this is going to pop up. Disclaimer: OCs are mine, passages, places, and other characters belong to Tolkien and his estate. Warning: Rating for strong language. She's an American teenager, after all. Once upon a time there was a girl. It really does not matter what her name is, but for the sake of the story, let's call her Sally. Said Sally was your typical teenage girl who was more interested in boys and clothes than, well, anything else. She was an ordinary, run-of-the-mill teen with no particularly interesting back-story or secrets. She did, however, not have the best luck when it came to experiencing downright odd situations, despite her relatively uninspiring personality. On one unimportant day of an unimportant year, Sally was in the library, searching for a book by Mark Twain for her English class. She, not being the brightest bulb on the tree, and not one to frequent libraries, was going relatively slow as she read the call numbers out loud off of the books. "Tis... Tix... Tel... Tel? Uhm, oh, that's not after 'i'... oh, Toa... Tob... Toh... Tol..." As she reached one of the books under "Tol", her finger, which was brushing the edges of all the books, suddenly became stuck as if it had just landed in super glue. She tried pulling her hand away, and the book simply came with her finger. While not all that bright, Sally did realize that a large book hanging by one finger would be relatively painful, so she quickly caught the book with her unstuck hand. She glanced at her stuck finger in confusion, and then glanced at the title. The Lord of the Rings , by JRR Tolkien. She frowned. Some guy made books out of the movies that came out a few years ago? Weird. Yes, beyond the latest news about Britney Spears and Paris Hilton, she did not know all that much. Sally tried to pull her finger again from the spine, but it was still stuck there. "Shit," she muttered in exasperation. "This sucks." Not wanting to ask someone to help her at the chance of looking like a complete dork, she opted to stand there for a while, this heavy, thousand page book in her hands. Thankfully it was near closing time and the library was pretty empty other than a few old people reading books about boring stuff. There was no chance of anyone important coming in and seeing her in this place, with a book stuck to her finger. After standing idly around for a few minutes with her situation not improving, her boredom finally got the best of her. Since her friends weren't exactly going to be going to the library anytime soon, she didn't have to worry about them seeing her here. With that comforting thought, she decided to open this book stuck to her and see what it was about. She flipped open to the first page, skipping over the title page, copyrights, and long forward notes to come to the prologue. 'I: Concerning Hobbits' it read. Sally vaguely remembered that a hobbit was some sort of short person. Every now and then saw someone short be called a hobbit. She read the first couple of lines before she became bored. This stuff was completely pointless. She was sure that the movies explained everything- this guy didn't have to babble forever about them. She skipped over the next twenty or so pages, glanced at the map in disinterest, and flipped to the first chapter. It was then that weird things started happening. She now could not move either hand from under the book. She tried to fling it off of her hands, but the book was permanently stuck to them. As she waved her hands up and down, the pages of the heavy book somehow connected to her forehead. And there it stayed. "This is fucking great," she muttered, not caring if anyone heard her. "This stupid book is stuck to my face. Great." When her face started being sucked into the pages, her annoyance turned into slight worry. She attempted to justify what was happening to her based on previous experiences. "Joey just probably gave me something again... it is a Friday night, and I'd usually be with him and the others... and last time he slipped me something, I saw weird colors and stuff... though I've never heard of something like this before... but I bet I'll wake up from it soon." With that somewhat comforting thought, she closed her eyes and tried to relax and simply wait out this drugged state. The said wait ended up with her falling asleep, book still stuck to her hands and face. No, it wasn't very comfortable at all, but there she stayed, unaware of the world. O0O0O0O When Sally woke up, she was happy to find that there was no book stuck to her anymore. She was not happy to see that she had absolutely no idea where she was. As it was, her surroundings were covered in darkness... except, for oddly, the floor. She glanced down at the floor, and was deeply disturbed to find printed words glaring back at her. At the top of the floor she could read "Chapter I: A Long Expected Party". "Well, fuck," she muttered. "I slept. I should be better now. This isn't good. I'm so killing Joey once I'm out of this." She looked around herself again, as if expecting the scenery to have changed. It hadn't. Letting out a loud, exaggerated sigh, she started walking to her left and tried to get off of the large piece of text she was on and find her way out of there. To her irritation, she found that as she walked, the text moved with her. In other words, she was going absolutely nowhere. "Great. This is great," Sally said out loud. She looked up; complete darkness. Looking all around her, absolute nothingness. Indeed, the only thing she could see was right below her, which was a glaring white floor covered in text. Sally sighed again, sat down, and started reading the text under the header. If there was absolutely nothing else to do here, and no way to get out of here, she figured she might as well. In a rare moment of thinking, she believed that, maybe, there would be some information as to how to get out in the text, since walking did not really help. With that last thought, she began, not noticing the fact that, while the text was on the floor below her, she could read it perfectly as if it were straight in front of her. ' When Mr. Bilbo Baggins of Bag End announced that he would shortly be celebrating his eleventy-first birthday with a party of special magnificence, there was much talk and excitement in Hobbiton. ' She frowned. She was pretty sure that eleventy-first was not a real number. Taking that small fact into account, Sally continued. ' Bilbo was very rich and very peculiar -' Suddenly, the text that was under her abruptly turned into green, prickly, and very real grass. She screamed and fell backwards, shouting another explicative at the sudden shift in scenery. Blinking, she realized she was looking up at a bright, cloudless blue sky. Taking in a deep breath, Sally pulled herself up, unconsciously brushing herself off as she looked around her. Now while she was no artist or particularly fond of nature, some part of her brain seemed to register that she stood in an untainted paradise. Rolling hills of deep green surrounded her, covered in long, lush grasses, many wildflowers, and tall, towering trees, all left to grow to their own accord- for the most part, that is. Around the hills were well-kept paths, and off shooting from these paths were smaller paths that lead to round doors that were actually in the hills. Odd, or so Sally thought. As she started walking towards one of these curious doors, her foot kicked something lying in the grass. Glancing down, she saw the book that started all of this- The Lord of the Rings . Frowning, she picked it up and flipped back to the page that she was on. To her amazement, the text had completely disappeared after the last line she had read. Flipping through the rest of the book, Sally found that all of the pages had no text. However, as she went back to the very last line she read, the text started filling in, as if it were being typed at a rather fast rate. Compelled, she sat back down and read on. ' Bilbo was very rich and very peculiar, and had been the wonder of the Shire for sixty years, ever since his remarkable disappearance and unexpected return... ' She continued reading as the page started to fill itself out. Once at the bottom, she flipped over the page, and found the text continuing. Sally continued reading until the middle of the page, where she found the first bit of dialogue. As she started to read the dialogue, the voices came to life around her. Startled, she looked up and found that she was not in a lush green land anymore, but in a room crowded with small people. The girl quickly stood up and backed up against the wall, watching the small people with wide eyes. They looked so weird, with their abnormal height and big, hairy feet! Oddly enough, they did not seem to notice her, even though she was at least two feet taller than most of them. All of these midgets- or hobbits, the small part of her brain that actually functioned told her- seemed to be minding their own business, eating, drinking, and laughing around various tables and corners. Sally turned her attention to a table just a few feet away, where she had heard the voice repeating what was said in the book. It seemed, however, that they were not talking anymore, or that she simply could not hear them. She frowned and continued to read the dialogue. As her eyes hit the page again, the voices suddenly spoke up again. When she looked up and stopped reading, it stopped. Quickly catching on to how this worked, she somehow managed to alternate between reading the text and watching the scene before her. It wasn't as difficult as one may imagine- she was experienced at multi-tasking between her phone, five different IM conversations, putting on make-up, and doing some homework all at the same time, which she did often enough. The dialogue at the table continued, and even though she could hear it very well, she moved closer to see the speakers clearly. No one in the inn seemed to notice her, which was quite fine with her; she really had no idea how she would have explained what she was doing there without sounding completely crazy. The conversation continued for a couple more pages, and while she would not admit this to anybody, she was a little bit interested. After all, this hobbit they were talking about- Bilbo- was rich, and, well, rich people tended to be interesting. At least, that is how she justified it to herself. After the conversation ended, the scene faded into another. This time Sally did not fall over, but she was still unnerved by it. When it happened the third time, she barely noticed it, and soon enough she was passing through different scenes without batting an eyelash. When Bilbo's party finally came, she put the book down for a moment as she watched the celebration in front of her. She had been to many parties throughout her life, but had to admit