Title: Just a Cold Author: Ainu Laire Rating: PG, K+ Genre: Humor/Action Warnings: Some language, but nothing too coarse or overdone. Summary: Another day in Minas Tirith and the King does not feel too well. He has never let a little cold stop him before, though. Disclaimer: All recognizable characters, places, and things belong to the Tolkien Estate. All original characters and this little plot belong to me. A/N: This idea came to me when I had a terrible sinus infection a couple years ago. Aragorn suffers for my sinus infection. I almost feel sorry for him. MAP : Also, a map of the seventh circle of Minas Tirith, if you want a visual, can be found at tuckboroughDOTnetSLASHminastirithDOThtml. Obviously replace the capitalized words with the symbols. Either scroll down or click "City Map" to see the map. It was very helpful. Something of my own creation that is not marked on the map is a long enclosed hallway that connects the second story of the Tower of Ecthelion to the second story of the King's House. WEATHER : I did weather research by using "The Atlas of Middle-earth" by Karen Fonstad, may she rest in peace, but, using the Long Winter as reference for even snow coming to the south, and my own experience with snow in Malibu, took liberties with the weather. TIME : The bells in Minas Tirith start to toll at dawn (according to ROTK, Ch 1), which is 6am in that chapter, which is in March. In Cairo, Egypt in mid-March, the dawn is also at 6am. However, in January, the dawn is much closer to 7am in the winter, so it shall be the same in Minas Tirith's winter. The third hour (three bell tolls) in the winter is 10am, six tolls is 1pm, and the final toll, at dusk, is at the 10th hour in the winter, or near our 5 o clock. This is to give you all a clear picture on the timeframe of the day. MEDICAL KNOWLEDGE : Is nearly non-existent. So, yes, sorry for any consistencies in that area. Most of it is just based off of my rather awful experiences in which Murphy's Law likes to stick its face in. A/N: It is supposed to be book-canon, or, well, my version of it, especially my interpretation of some of the characters. Everyone interprets the characters differently, after all. And, while in a book-canon-like world, my writing simply does not match the level of skill of Tolkien's writing. The canon follows the canon set in many of my post-War ficlets in "Tales of Life", but it is not necessary to read those to understand this. Hope you all enjoy. Chapter One Winter, 3020 TA When he woke up with a slight headache, King Elessar should have taken that as a sign to cancel all appointments and meetings. However, he being one to ignore such trivial symptoms, continued on with the day as any other day. He got out of bed, dressed himself in clothes that were as simple as a king could get away with, and had a quick bite to eat before his very first appointment. That morning he was to meet with the Lord Bavanor of the Masonry Guild concerning some stonework that still needed to be done in the City. Despite the fact that Sauron fell over a year and a half ago, His destruction was still apparent in some parts of Minas Tirith. The long, tedious meeting left the King feeling worse. His headache had grown quite a bit and he felt a very uncomfortable tickling in his throat. He simply ignored these annoying, trivial symptoms and went down to the council room, one of the larger enclosed rooms within the Tower of Ecthelion. There an important meeting concerning a peace treaty with one of the largest tribes of Harad was taking place that very day. He hoped that once this treaty was signed, other tribes would follow suit. The first hour of the discussion he handled fairly well. Right after luncheon, however, things went downhill from there. He was relatively proud of his ability to retain his composure when he was not feeling well, whether it was when he was sick, injured, or irritated. However, this facade he usually managed to pull off so well wavered as his head started pounding harder. ' Damnable headache .' "… I am, however, concerned about the… King Elessar?" Aragorn blinked and focused his attention on the speaker. "Yes, lord?" the King asked. The Haradric man frowned. "Are you alright, Lord Elessar?" He nodded, looking slightly puzzled. "I am quite alright, thank you." The other man nodded in acceptance, and turned back to the rest of the council. "Now, as I was saying…" 'Perhaps you are worse off than you believed,' the thought popped up suddenly. He quickly willed it away and focused all of his attention on the council. The meeting continued for about half an hour longer before King Elessar realized that he was not processing anything that the people of the council were saying. Once another man of Harad finished his lengthy statement, Aragorn held up his hand. "I believe we have heard enough for now, my lords. We shall continue this meeting tomorrow. Supper shall be sent to you after the seventh hour. Have a good day, gentlemen." The diplomats of the Haradric tribe and various lords and nobles of Gondor stood up, and with short bows and quiet farewells, left the room. The meeting room was empty except for one tired and aching King and a quiet lord who stood near the doors, waiting for his liege. When Elessar did not rise from his chair and massaged his forehead instead, the man spoke. "It does not look as if you are quite alright, Lord Elessar." Aragorn looked up at the intruder. "I am perfectly fine, Faramir," he replied. 'Liar', another unbidden thought interrupted his denial. He forced himself not to scowl and mentally chased the nagging words away. His Steward simply walked over and stood in front of the King. He raised an eyebrow, and for one moment Aragorn was reminded of Elrond. "Are you sure? You do not look well, Aragorn. Perhaps I should send for a healer-" "No, no, that will not be necessary," Elessar said quickly. "I just need a bit of fresh air." "Fresh air?" "Yes," Aragorn said firmly. "I… I need to see the people." Faramir's other eyebrow raised. "You need to see the people." "Yes, I need to see the people." If he were to be honest with himself, he was not quite sure why he needed to see the people, but since he had already started down this path, there was no way he was backing down now. "It has been awhile since I have mingled with the people of Minas Tirith." Now that he thought about it for a moment, he actually liked the idea. "Mingle with the people." Faramir's eyebrows were still raised. "Yes. And stop repeating everything I say." The king stood up and headed towards the double doors that were the only entrance into the large council room. "So you wish to go outside and see your people," Faramir clarified, following him out of the room. "Yes." Aragorn turned left into a long hall that connected the Tower to the King's House. Faramir followed. "Despite the fact that you are ill." "I am not ill," Aragorn argued. "I just need some fresh air. And look, it is a beautiful day outside." Faramir glanced out of a window they were passing. Despite it being early afternoon, the sky was dark with storm clouds, and it looked as if it was about to rain or snow at any time. Faramir glanced at the king. "Beautiful day? You jest. I've seen more beautiful days in Mordor." "Now you are the one who jests," the king pointed out. "And besides, there is some sort of strange beauty in those clouds." Faramir's eyebrows raised once more, which, strangely enough, irritated him. "And for Elbereth's sake, stop looking at me like that. You look ridiculous." Faramir complied and said nothing, and the king cursed himself. He was usually not one to anger so easily. 'It only happens when you're sick,' the nagging voice in his head told him. He was tempted to order it to be silent, but if he started ordering his thoughts to be silent and his steward found out, he may just be put in a cell to keep himself safe. Or worse, a sickbed. Aragorn simply continued down the hall to his home, though to his annoyance Faramir did not leave him alone. "Shall I call for your guard, my lord?" the man asked. Aragorn cursed to himself again. Faramir only called him by title with that tone of voice- the calm, unemotional, completely diplomatic tone of voice- when they were in a public, formal setting, or when the king was acting unreasonable and irrational. "That will not be necessary," he responded, making sure his tone was calm and pleasant. "I would like to see the people in anonymity; I want them to be completely oblivious to my presence." He nodded pleasantly to the two guards who watched the entrance of the hallway to the house. They saluted as he and Faramir passed. He turned a quick right and made for his chambers. "Sire, I am not so sure that is a good idea," Faramir said. "Do not worry, my friend," the king tried to assure his steward, "I am in my own city. What is the worst that could happen?" "Do you not remember what happened the last time you went on one of your strolls?" Faramir put in, his words stopping Aragorn in his tracks. "You were nearly killed by those madmen!" Aragorn shook his head and continued walking. "That was over a year ago, Faramir, and that time I did not tell anyone that I had gone out. I am sure you wasted many valuable hours simply searching the Citadel." He had finally reached his chambers. He nodded to the two guards that stood at its doors, but, as was his wont, opened them himself. He let Faramir in before he closed them. "And besides, if anyone else wanted to kill me, I'm sure they would have tried to do so by now." "That is not very comforting," the Steward muttered. "But what shall I tell the Lady Queen: that her husband has gone off to explore Minas Tirith with no guard, and is ill as well?" "I am not ill," Aragorn growled. "Of course," Faramir said in a very diplomatic manner. Aragorn shot him a look before reaching into his pocket for a set of keys. He brought them out, quickly found the right key on the ring, and bent down in front of a large trunk. "But truly, my lord, I do believe she would have my head if I let you go-" "What she does not know will not hurt her," Aragorn replied. "Aragorn!" The king grinned to himself as his steward's diplomatic facade broke away. While they had only known one another for less than two years, he knew quite a bit about the younger man, including how to break the frustratingly tough mold of diplomacy he often wore. He opened his trunk, but then turned to his steward, his grin gone and his eyes serious. "Faramir," he started, looking at the other man straight in the eye, "do not worry about her, or me. Nothing shall happen. I have just a cold; it is nothing worse than that. However, I need some time to myself. The meetings today left me feeling worse, and I need to clear my head without ten others hovering over me. Please, my friend, you were once a Ranger yourself, and I know you well enough that you get this same feeling from time to time." The steward shook his head, and