A/N: Hey guys! This is my first story I'm publishing on Fanfiction, so please be kind. I'm warning you now, I do get really busy quite often with school and everything, but I'm trying to publish ASAP. I really hope you like this fanfic! Thank you guys so much, and please favorite, follow, and review! Lots of lovely lovely love, Mae :) (P.S. This will most likely be a one-shot, but I may turn it into a whole story in the future. There is a poll on my profile page so you guys can leave your opinion. Thanks!) TRIGGER WARNING: THIS STORY CONTAINS MENTIONS OF RAPE, BAD LANGUAGE, AND ADULT THEMES (RATED M FOR A REASON!) Disclaimer: All Harry Potter themes, settings, and character belong to the great and magnificent J.K. Rowling. I own nothing...*sniffle* XXX Comfort, Or Something Like It November 16, 1998 "Why would they do this to me? I thought they were my friends! How could they violate me like this?" I thought to myself as I sat weeping on the cold stone floor of the prefects' bathroom. Bruises littered the skin of my neck and collar bone area. My shirt was torn down the front and my tattered skirt barely covered the blood staining my thighs a deep red. I continued to sob, gagging on my own breath as I came to terms with everything that had just happened. My throat was raw from screaming and crying and convulsed painfully. I could still feel Harry's painful grip on my wrists as he held me down while Ron yanked down my skirt and underwear. I could still feel the immense pain from the exact moment Ron broke through my virginal barrier, taking something that could never be returned. Their maniacal laughter rang in my ears even after they left me as a damaged wreck, taking my bra and panties as a memento. My body ached in places I hadn't even known existed and I couldn't find the will to move, let alone stand. I couldn't even bring myself to care as the door swung open and someone's footsteps echoed on the tile. I could only pray it wasn't Harry or Ron back for a second round. The thought was painful enough. "Shit, Granger! What the fuck happened to you?" Had me turn my head though. I was met with the all too familiar icy blue eyes of Draco Malfoy. The smug smirk he'd worn immediately vanished as he thoroughly surveyed my condition. "Shit," he cursed, but as a whisper of disbelief this time. He took a few cautious steps towards me, and I automatically scooted away, causing me to wince as my lower regions ached severely. "Hey, it's alright Granger. I'm not going to hurt you. I swear." His voice was surprisingly soft and I suddenly found it easier to breathe. I fought the urge to shy away from him as he crouched down in front of me and tucked a damp lock of hair behind my ear before brushing away my tears with the pads of his thumbs. "Granger, who did this to you?" He asked in a voice barely above a whisper. I just shook my head against his hands, which were now cradling my head, and he nodded in understanding. "Granger," he said, grabbing my attention. "I'm going to help you, but I need you to trust me. Can you do that?" He asked while gently stroking my cheeks. I don't known why, but I nuzzled against his palms and whimpered brokenly. He must've taken that as a yes, because the next thing I know, he's helping me stand. I hold my shirt together with one hand and his shoulder with the other. I stumbled at first on my wobbly legs and fall against Draco's hard chest. He wraps his arms around me instantly and I can't help finding comfort in his embrace. I couldn't care less if he was meant to be my worst enemy. My body hurts like Hell and he's the only person I have right now. Besides, if Harry and Ron can go from being my best friends to my worst enemies, who's to say Draco can't go from being my worst enemy to my best friend? Wait- BEST FRIEND?! Pfft! He's probably only "helping" me so he can humiliate me later on. With that thought, I tear myself from his warm body and instantly regret it. His fingertips brush mine for a split second, but it's already too late and he can't catch me in time, so I fall hard on my hip. Pain shoots through my body like lightning and I cry out in agony. The pain coming from my hip only renews the pain of my rape. Every time Ron or Harry thrust into me felt like being stabbed over and over again in the worst possible place. At this point, I was beyond overwhelmed and every sob that escaped my mouth turned into a harsh gasp until I was full on hyperventilating. I became vaguely aware of Draco's warm arms incasing my trembling body as he coaxed me into breathing somewhat normally. "Shh, Granger...Shh. Listen to me, Granger, take deep breaths. Breathe Granger. It's okay, shh...shh," he cooed softly while cradling my head to his chest. "I-I'm s-sorry," I sob into his chest as I feel the air returning to my lungs. I could feel him tense behind me and then he pulled back abruptly. I was suddenly terrified he'd shove me away from him and call me a "mudblood" like the old Draco Malfoy, but then he reached out and with the softest fingers, wiped away the tear tracks staining my cheeks. "You have nothing to apologize for, Hermione. Absolutely nothing." Then he's gently pulling me onto his lap and carefully standing up while holding me to his chest bridal style. I'm too shocked by his use of my given name to thank him, so I wrap my arms around his neck and nestle my head into his shoulder as he carries me over to the large bathtub. His beautiful silver eyes are full of sympathy as he sets me down on the ledge of the pool-sized tub and I wince in pain from the cold, hard surface. I watch, as if in a trance, as Draco turns on the taps and the tub is filled with steamy water and vanilla scented bubbles. I catch him glance at my attire from the corner of his eye and then frown, but then he notices my obvious discomfort and attempts what I think was supposed to be a reassuring smile. It looked more like a grimace. An uncomfortable silence forms between us as the tub magically fills up. Suddenly he says, "I'll be right back." And he's walking towards the door. My brain doesn't process his words, all I know is that he's leaving. Panic sets in, but I try to act calm and cool. "W-what-why? I mean, where are you going?" I ask hurriedly, but I can already feel my eyes sting and my vision go blurry from tears when his hand reaches the doorknob. He turns around and must've seen the poorly masked desperation on my face because his eyes widen and he walks back to press a soft kiss to my forehead. I can't hold in a small sigh of relief. "I'm going to go get you some fresh clothes to wear and smuggle some pain potion from the hospital wing. I'll put up some quick protection wards so no one can get in except for me. I'll be back as soon as possible. I promise. Wait here," he said soothingly. Then he was gone and I was reacquainted with the feeling of emptiness and, strangely enough, longing. I tried to distract myself by counting every crack in the tile and listening to the sound of the water filling up, but I failed miserably. With every passing minute, I felt more and more hopeless. Draco was probably never coming back. I was a lost cause after all. The thought of being left alone again made me extremely nauseous and I had to crawl to the nearest toilet to avoid retching all over the floor. I dry heaved until stomach acid burned my throat and I could only gag and cough uncontrollably. It was only after I could stop my throat from convulsing that I became aware of the strong hand rubbing soothing circles on my back and the other hand holding up my hair. I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and quickly turn around to hug my source of comfort- trying to ignore the immense amount of pain in my body. "Told you I'd be right back, Granger," he whispered in my ear while softly stroking my hair. I only held him tighter. "Come on, let's get you all cleaned up." And then he's lifting me up with a surprising amount of strength and settling me on the ledge once more. I could see the items he'd brought back were laid on the step below me. Draco began to show me everything he'd gotten. There were silk green pajama pants and a too big t-shirt for me to wear. He said he couldn't find anything else, but I told him they were more than I could ask for. I also think he's slightly amused that I had to wear Slytherin green pants. He'd snuck some pain potion and dreamless sleep, along with some much needed healing balm for my...wounds. Once the clothes were put aside, I realized he'd also brought a big fluffy towel and washcloth, which I was beyond thankful for. The tub was now full and I blushed when Draco respectively turned away so I could undress. I carefully slid out of, what was left of, my shirt and skirt, heeled off my shoes and used my toes to remove my stockings. I cautiously lowered myself into the water and had to bite my lip, to hold in a hiss of pain, as the water met my nether regions. "Okay," I said in a quiet voice once I was fully settled and the bubbles kept my modesty. He turned around and sat on the ledge I had previously occupied. "How are you feeling?" He asked softly. I liked this Draco. This Draco cares. This Draco makes me feel safe. This Draco I can trust. "Sore," was my mumbled response. "I'm sorry," he whispered. "Do you need any help?" He asks as I reach for the soap to scrub my body raw, but drop my arms in agony. I closed my eyes and nodded. All I could think of was how useless I must seem to him. My eyes snap open when I feel him settle himself next to me. My cheeks flamed. "W-what are you-" I stammered. The only thing he wore were his pants. When had that happened? "I won't look. I promise. I'm just helping you out, okay?" He asked with that soft voice I was growing quite accustomed to. Why was he being so kind? I could only nod dumbly as he reached for the soap. I blushed even further as I felt his hand encase mine while he gently scrubbed my arms with the damp washcloth. He began to wash my neck and I subconsciously squeezed his hand and bit my lip, hard, when he touched a particularly sore spot. "I'm sorry," he muttered when he felt me tense up in pain. I simply nodded in reassurance and he continued to wash me as if he'd done this every day of his life. Seriously, why in the name of Merlin, is he helping me? "Draco?" My voice is quiet and raspy from crying and vomiting. He meets my eyes immediately and pauses his actions. "Yes?" He asks and absentmindedly strokes my hand with his thumb. "Why are you helping me? I thought you only thought of me as a lowly mud-" but before I