A/N: Hey all you beautiful readers! Thank you so much for viewing my new fanfic! I've actually had this in the works for awhile now, but finally decided to publish chapter 1. I really hope you guys enjoy! This fanfic is a bit dark, but has LOTS of fluff, so no worries. Please please please favorite, follow, and review! Your kind words mean the world to me! Oh, and make sure to visit my other stories, Comfort, Or Something Like It and Bright Side. Happy holidays! Lots of lovely lovely love, Mae :) ***TRIGGER WARNING: THIS FANFIC CONTAINS MENTIONS OF RAPE, VIOLENCE, AND SELF-HARM! THERE WILL ALSO BE SOME VERY MATURE CONTENT (AKA SMUT ALERT!) SO PLEASE READ AT YOUR OWN RISK! YOU MAY ALSO CRY AND/OR BE SMOTHERED IN FLUFFY GOODNESS SOON! YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!*** DISCLAIMER: All Harry Potter content belongs to the amazing J. K. Rowling. I only own OC and some plot! I take no credit in the HP content, and make no money off of my writing. I'm just a girl with a dream... NOW, onto the good stuff... Chapter 1: Constellations November 6, 2002 Four years had passed since the battle at Hogwarts. Four years Draco Malfoy had been freed from Voldemort's evil clutches. Ever since the war, Draco had desperately tried to turn his life around. After his father had been sentenced to life in Azkaban and his mother had isolated herself to the manor; he liked to think he had changed for the better. After the boy-who-lived himself vouched for Draco- at his trial that took place after the war- and saved him from ending up like his father; he had formed a truce with the members of the golden trio. Deciding that after all the death and misery he had witnessed during the war; he wanted to help rebuild the world he lived in and help as much as possible. He became an auror shortly a year after the war and now worked with Harry and Weasley. While training to be an auror; he had also began studying more on potions and medicine, and decided to try and be a healer as well. Of course, he couldn't work both jobs full time, so he was more of an emergency healer on missions if someone couldn't make it to St. Mungo's fast enough. He actually enjoyed helping people and felt like, for once, he was doing something right with his life. In recent years he had actually formed a friendship with Harry and his weaselette wife. He had gotten to know their newborn son, James, really well, and he absolutely adored the little Potter mini. The baby himself positively loved Draco and looked up to him. He clung to him at Sunday dinners at the Potter's and quite frequently requested "Day-oh" during the week. As for Weasley and Granger; Ron was tough on him at first, but eventually they began to meet up at a local pub every Friday night for a few drinks. Granger had easily overlooked his dark past and was, surprisingly, the one who approached him a year after the battle and held out her hand. He's now invited to her and Ron's wedding that will be taking place in April. So far, his life felt right and he wasn't treated as a complete piece of trash anymore like he had been after the war. Even after all the donations he had made to rebuilding Hogwarts, redemption was hard to come by. Days in the auror department consisted of hunting down stray death eaters and putting them in Azkaban. The days at the office had grown quite boring as it seemed the last of the death eaters were rounded up, or...so he thought... Draco's life was forever changed the day he met Carina. A shy, sweet, and so very broken witch. Another poor victim of the LeStrange brothers. They had attempted countless times to capture them, but failed every time. They were just sick. Torturing, beating, and raping their victims into insanity. They were usually muggle or muggle-born women. Carina was just a very unfortunate muggle-born witch. He was called out on a mission that day along with Harry, his good childhood friend Blaise Zabini, and a team of ten other aurors. The brothers had apparently been spotted. The LeStrange brothers were top priority and the faster they caught them; the more innocent lives that could be spared. They all knew the unspeakable horrors that would most certainly await them at the place they were located. The LeStrange's were vicious and vile. Tearing away at their victims until they were left begging for death to come. And they just LOVED leaving behind evidence of their crimes. Such as the barely recognizable bodies or bloody torture tools they had undoubtedly used on the poor souls. Nobody was expecting to find a very much alive young woman at the place they were to be found. The brothers were long gone, and left in their wake a seemingly barely conscious and quite possibly insane girl, covered in blood and dark bruises that littered her light skin. She was curled up in a protective ball in the far corner of the foul room she was left in. The room was freezing cold and smelled of blood and decay. The girl was very thin and petite in general. They could just make out her shivering silhouette. Draco, being the healer on missions such as these, cautiously approached her while four other aurors watched with raised wands. The others left to search the area and look for any clues as to where the devious duo went. As he got closer to the girl he noticed she was completely naked and was mumbling to herself frantically. As he was reaching for the blanket he kept in his medical bag; he caught some of her jumbled up words and froze. "P-please d-don't...h-hurt m-me...p-please s-st-stop! L-l-leave m-me a-alone! I-it h-hurts s-so m-much...P-pl-please...p-please...please," she sobbed out. Her voice was laced with fear and he was close enough to see her eyes squeezed tightly shut. "Shh...it's alright sweetheart. No one is going to hurt you anymore. I promise. You're safe now. We're going to help you. We're going to get you out of here. I need you to trust me, though. I want to try and heal you, so you don't hurt anymore, okay? You won't hurt anymore, but I need you to show me what hurts, so I can help you," he cooed in a soft, soothing voice. There was something about this girl. Maybe it was the fact that she was actually alive and didn't have her severed body parts plastered on the wall, but there was something so innocent and fragile about her that made him wish to help her in any way possible. The mumbling had stopped, but there was no response to his words. He looked down at the large blanket he held in his hands and crouched down to be closer to her. "Hey," he whispered,"I've got a big soft blanket here for you to use. Is it okay if I wrap it around you? It's pretty cold in here. It'll make you feel better," he said softly. He smiled as he got a small nod in response. "Okay. Here you go," he said reaching out to carefully wrap the warm material around her trembling form. He hesitantly moved to sit beside her once her naked body was fully incased in the blanket. "I'm not going to hurt you. No one is. I swear. You can trust us. We'll keep you safe," he whispered to her before asking, "Can you tell me your name? I'll tell you mine if you tell me yours." About 30 seconds past before he heard a tiny, nearly inaudible whisper, but Draco heard loud and clear in the silence of the room. "C-carina," she whispered with her eyes still closed. "Carina? Like the constellation?"He smiled at her small nod. "That's a beautiful name," he continued whispering, "I'm Draco. Like the constellation. Looks like our parents had similar ideas, huh?" She nodded a bit. "Carina," he said softly, turning back to the task at hand,"Can you show me where it hurts, so I can help you? That's all I want to do. I promise. Please help me help you. I can try and make things better. Please, Carina?" He pleaded. He watched intently as after a few moments her tiny, shaky hand appeared from behind the blanket and gestured to her head, her neck, her chest, and then...the area between her legs. Draco instantly felt nauseous at the mere thought of this precious, innocent girl being raped, but no doubt the LeStrange brothers would enjoy some "fresh meat". "Carina," he said, trying to keep his composure, "Look at me sweetheart. Please. Let me see you," he whispered. After about a minute, she lifted her head, and opened her eyes hesitantly. Even in the dim light of the aurors wands, he could make out bright emerald green eyes, shining with tears. "Did they...did they...take advantage of you?" He asked hesitantly. His heart nearly broke as she nodded and let out a broken sob. "Can...can I touch you? Is that okay?" He asked softly. She looked confused at first, but nodded nonetheless. He reached out and brushed his fingertips over her marred cheek before trailing his fingertips downward until they met the soft fabric of the blanket. "I promise to do anything I can to make you feel better. You're safe now. I promise. Please, let me take you away from this awful place, so you can be healed. You can trust us. We're here to help you," he whispered. Her bright green eyes darted back and forth between his until eventually she nodded ever so slightly while tears continued falling over her cheeks. "Can you walk?" He asked, though he already knew the answer. His answer was confirmed as she shook her head and gestured again to between her thighs. He sighed. "I know, and I'm so so sorry," he said softly. He carefully secured the blanket around her before gently lifting her up and holding her trembling body close to his chest while carrying her bridal style. He immediately apologized when she winced during the process. Even almost dead weight; she felt as light as a feather in his arms. "W-wh-where a-are y-you t-ta-taking m-me?" She asked barely above a whisper with her head buried in the crook of his neck. "To St. Mungo 's. You can be healed properly there," he answered as he walked towards the other aurors who had awed expressions on their faces. Sure, Draco was always kind and compassionate to James, Teddy, Narcissa, and his other close friends and family, but his fellow aurors had never seen him so...caring. He looked down anxiously as he felt her desperately struggling against his hold. "Hey, what's wrong? Carina? Carina, what's wrong?" He asked hurriedly as she began mumbling to herself again. "N-no! P-pl-please...n-no...D-don't l-let th-them t-touch m-me...n-n-no...p-pl-please," she pleaded while more heart wrenching sobs erupted from her thrashing body. "Hey, shh..shh..it's alright. Hey, it's okay. No one's going to hurt you. I promised remember? I'll keep you safe," he soothed while setting them on the ground with her in his lap as he rubbed her back soothingly. The team of aurors had come over as they saw her thrashing against him, but Draco held up a hand and they stopped in their tracks with confused expressions on all their faces. He knew this was going to be difficult. "Drake, we have to get her out of here, mate. The LeStrange brothers could be coming back soon and we need her safe and away from here," his friend Blaise said cautiously. Draco held Carina tighter as she burrowed further into his chest while softly crying at the mentioning of the LeStranges'. He had an idea. "Blaise, I can't take her to Mungo's. I'll bring her back to my house