Die For You Me: Here it goes...I wonder if this will work...(looking over at a screen where Undertale Neutral Run is playing) Consider this an idea to be something of an experiment...Undertale motifs will be present throughout the story, but this is NOT a crossover. I don't even know what that would look like; maybe I'll look at some point when I don't have three projects bearing down at me. Last year of high school, last year of high school... Harry: I've got a bad feeling about this... Tom Riddle: Oh? I'm finally more than the criminal sounding board? Tracey: Here goes the neighbourhood...! Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Prologue: Died for You "Hey, freak!" "You burned the bacon again! You useless, unthinking brat, we raised you better!" "You know what time it is...? It's Harry Hunting time!" "Like father, like son, he'll grow up to be an alcoholic layabout leeching on society. Mark my words, it's a pattern in some families." "Why would anyone love a pebble in their shoe?" Harry Potter was not like most other boys his age. Most boys his age were loved and cared for. Most of them had a place where they could go to feel safe. Most of them had parents and siblings who loved them. Most of them were fairly welcome in the world they stepped into. Harry was different from other children. For one thing, he was dropped off on his aunt and uncle's doorstep one windy night of November 1, 2007, with a note that indicated his parents had been killed and that his life was in the hands of his last living relatives. For another thing, he was a freak who possessed strange abilities – though he had no word for them, since his 'family' hated any reference to them and actively tried to suppress it. For one final thing... " Disgusting, typical humans." "...?!" Fate hated him with a passion usually reserved for cosmic jokes. **~October 2015, Little Whining, Surrey~** Eight year old Harry Potter never cared much for Halloween. Halloween meant having to stay locked up in the cupboard while Dudley went around the block, got enough candy to make an elephant sick, to eventually sit down in front of the door and deliberately, loudly eat it so his cousin would know what he was missing out on. Halloween meant the death of his parents; whoever they had been, he had no memory of them outside of a faint green light and screaming that must have come from the car crash that had claimed their lives. Halloween meant another bitter reminder of how alone in the world he was; how he had no friends, he had no family who loved or wanted him (his parents might have loved him, but how would he know? If they had truly loved him, they would have survived, would have stayed with him), how even if he was allowed to go out for trick or treating the neighbours wouldn't have given him any candy because he was the strange and dangerous Potter boy and terrible things happened to those who got too close to him. But now, it seemed...he could mark Halloween as the day he started hearing voices. Well, A voice would be more accurate. Another child, not much older than himself; maybe ten or eleven or twelve. A boy – though maybe it could be a girl, the voice was androgynous sounding at times and it wasn't like he could put a face to it that might clear up the confusion. A bitter, foul tempered, indigent, very talkative voice. " They think a metal lock could stop me? A lock? That's so pathetic it's hilarious." A voice that could occasionally move his body... or at the very least, put powerful mental suggestions in his head. Against his instincts (if he was caught he'd probably see stars for disobeying a punishment) and against his judgment, Harry raised his hand and waved across the thin light coming through the vent. He heard the locks mysteriously click open and clang as they hit the floor. The door swung open, though Harry didn't walk through it. He eyed it warily. " Of all the bodies to get stuck in, I get the kid who's afraid of bloody muggles ," The voice grated. " Look, do you want food or not? The last time you ate was an apple; two days ago." His stomach growled. The worst part about the voice was half the time, it made sense – even when it was pushing him into something he wasn't comfortable with. " So you do have a sense of self preservation. I was starting to worry...who knows what will happen to me if you die! Haven't you thought of that, little 'why-did-you-throw-my-waste-of-space-cousin-off-a-roof?" Harry sighed and shook his head as he walked into the kitchen. He opened the fridge and eyed the contents, what would the Dusleys be least likely to notice was missing...? eventually he settled on the carrots and grapes. Dudley preferred meat and junk food; and Petunia only broke the fruit out when the Bridge club was over. They weren't due until Friday. The cool fruit hit his aching stomach like a wave of relief. Harry shook his head and returned to the cupboard. " Really? You don't even want to sit in the living room?" The voice snapped out in frustration. " Do you enjoy pain or something?" Harry had no idea where the voice came from...at best, he had a theory. The Dursley's seven day vacation. They flew off to the Bahamas, a trip made possible by Vernon's promotion...of course, he hadn't been able to afford to take everyone. So Harry had been asleep in the tiny, dark, spider-riddled cupboard he called a room when they left...and when he eventually woke up, he found that the door was still padlocked tight. There was no light, no food, and oh yeah – he couldn't leave. He wasn't sure which got to him first; the isolation, the darkness, the hunger or the thirst. That's when the voice started speaking...often berating, or ranting about how much he hated muggles, wizards and humans in general. "They'll know if I was out for long. I don't feel like getting Vernon mad enough to take the belt again." Harry said dully. "I don't know if you can feel any pain from that, but I do." It probably wasn't a good sign that he was talking to himself(?). Everyone, literally everyone in this horribly pathetically ordinary neighbourhood, already thought he was crazy, an aberration...sometimes Harry genuinely feared the torches/pitchforks mob from those old Universal movies (Dudley had to watch one for a school project once; he complained that there weren't enough blood and explosions in it) would descend on him if he made it clear just how much more different he was from them... And yet...the fear was not people turning on him, but how he might escape them. Ever since that night when he lay in the cupboard, burning, stinking, starving...something changed. With the voice, had come...cold. He no longer cared that his aunt and uncle did not love him. He didn't care that they threw his tokens of affection in the garbage while pinning Dudley's to the fridge. He didn't care that no one at school wanted to be his friend, that he was bullied and shunned and not welcome. The voice seemed to pause and consider that. " I don't feel nothing ," He/she(?) informed him sullenly. " I felt a pain and rattling in my head once you fainted, but it wasn't as if you couldn't heal yourself." "I don't know how to heal," Harry remarked dryly. " You do, whatever you are. You're the one who's been pushing, moving, doing things that get me in trouble." " If you were any more passive, you'd be set in stone." The voice grumbled. " Don't you despise what they do to you? Don't you want to take some revenge?" "...And get myself locked away, never to leave the system?" Harry asked. "Haven't you noticed I can't get away with anything unless I'm very careful?" The voice snorted. " I could teleport us out of any cage the muggles could devise. They can't contain a wizard; which is what you are , despite that whale's continual denial of the obvious." "..." Harry stared silently out of the cupboard. The dullness inside him shifted; like a shadow falling over his face and green eyes. He looked up at the ceiling of the tiny room that served as his prison; he had memorized every crack in the floorboard those six days he had spent trapped in there. There was nothing to see. Nothing new to learn. Abruptly he stood up and walked out into the living room. The voice made a small protestation of surprise, but said nothing – for once. Harry collapsed on the couch, grabbed the remote and turned on the TV. It was a good thing that Petunia wouldn't let her precious Dudders go out on Halloween without herself and Vernon there to make sure he stayed extra safe – wouldn't want to give the many children he sent home crying with cuts and bruises a chance to get their own back, would they? He flipped around until a horror movie came up – a rerun of the original John Carpenter masterpiece, actually. Putting down the remote, Harry retreated to the kitchen. He grabbed a glass off the counter, filled it with one of Dudley's many pop cans, then went back to the fridge. He removed a pre made chicken sandwich, the fruit bowel, and a package of reese pieces that Petunia had put aside (as if Dudley would be short on candy – or fat – after tonight) and returned to the tv. The seven year old Michael Meyers looked a little like Harry himself, had Harry been blonde. The black haired boy settled down and started to watch. It was a wonder, why didn't an eight year old react in horror and permanent scarring in result of seeing a R rated movie of one of the more famous fictional serial killers? The simple fact was that Harry had seen worse in his nightmares. The movie ticked on for a while; eventually Laurie got the upper hand on Michael and managed to put him down...only to drop the knife and wander off. The voice, who had been surprisingly quiet up to that point, let out an exasparated, " Oh for god sakes, do you want to die you empty-headed board?! Sure, let's just drop the knife near the body of a man who had already gotten up from apparent death once already! What could possibly go wrong?" "She's confused," Harry responded, staring at the screen as Laurie stumbled into the door frame, not noticing Michael rising from the couch. "She's never been in this kind of danger before. Panic makes people stupid." " Enough panic that she'd neglect her biggest defence against a superior predator?" The voice interjected, sounding thoroughly unimpressed. " Even with panic setting in, a child should realize they'd be better off with the knife than without it, even if they thought he was dead!" Laurie screamed as Michael set in on her again. "She'd have to kill him though," Harry pointed out. "Do you think killing a human being is easy?" " If they're a threat to me? Why shouldn't it be?" The voice retorted. " In this world, sometimes, you have to kill or be killed." "...When did you learn that? Were you a child too? Was that the world you came from?" Harry asked. The voice said nothing. "Do you have a name?" Harry wondered. "I've been calling you 'the voice in my head' for ages now. Even if you're just a figment of my freakish brain – something created by my magic – you should have a name. You seem to be seperate from