Maddie woke up and rubbed her eyes as she sat up. Her eyes hadn't adjusted yet to the light or adjusted to the area around her. She reached over to her bedside table and grabbed her glasses. As she sat up in her bed, she put them on. Her vision wasn't awful for an eleven-year-old, but it was bad enough that she needed glasses. She usually wore contacts, but they hurt her eyes to wear so soon after waking up. She got out of bed and walked over to her dresser. She grabbed a shirt and a pair of jeans and sighed. It was a Tuesday, so that meant both of her parents were at work, so she was left with Tara, her authoritarian babysitter. She had her piano lessons at noon, and no matter how much she told her parents that she hated playing the piano, Tara had convinced them it was beneficial for her. Maddie walked over to the door and opened it before stepping out into the hallway. She didn't need to shower, but she wanted to have time to herself before Tara started to dictate her life. And of course, she didn't even get that. Tara walked into the hallway from the kitchen, right as she was walking out of her room. Tara was just a glorified 22-year-old college dropout of a nanny, but everything that she said or did was either extremely harsh to Maddie or extremely loving and constructive towards her parents. "Hey, kid," Tara said as she twirled her blonde hair around her finger. "Make sure you're ready for your lessons. I don't want to be embarrassed because you haven't practiced at all because I know you haven't." Maddie nodded. "I'll try not to embarrass you in front of Mr. Thomas because of my awful playing. Maybe I shouldn't be in lessons if they aren't doing me any good." I continued on my way to the bathroom. "The only reason that I'm in them at all is because you think that Mr. Thomas is cute." She grabbed her arm to stop her and pointed a finger in her face. "Listen, brat. We have a day planned, so go get ready for it. We don't have all day for you to mope around because you're 'life is so hard,'" she mocked. "Your father is a doctor, and your mother is the lawyer at his firm. I would kill to have your life. Don't let it be you." Maddie took a deep breath and nodded. She pulled herself out of her grasp and ran into the bathroom. She was extremely ready for secondary school to start because that meant she only had to deal with Tara on the weekends. Even a new school would be better than having to deal with Tara, She locked the door behind her and took a deep breath. She started the shower and sat down on the edge of the tub. She wasn't really going to shower. She just wanted to sit in peace before this apparently hectic day started. Yeah, she was luckier than most, but that didn't mean her life wasn't hard. Success was pretty much the only expectation that was acceptable in her family. As an eleven-year-old, she already was having to decide what she wanted to do with her life. She waited around twenty minutes before getting changing out of her pajamas and into her outfit for the day. She braided her long black hair over her shoulder and adjusted her glasses. She hated looking at herself in the mirror when she wore her glasses. She never considered them flattering, but she hated the feeling of contacts. Her tan skin was darker than normal because of the summer sun that tanned her skin. Her father was part Indian, and her mother was Italian, so her skin was always tanner than most kids. She had heterochromia, so her left eye was dark brown, and her right eye was hazel. It wasn't a large difference, so most people thought that her eyes just simply changed color. Maddie left the bathroom and walked over to the kitchen. Tara was standing by the counter, drinking coffee. She walked over to the pantry to find something to eat for breakfast. She grabbed a protein bar and walked over to the island counter. "You have mail," Tara said, pointing to an envelope that sat on top of all of the rest. "Some school wants you. I wouldn't know why since the school you're actually going to almost didn't accept you." She rolled her eyes and grabbed the envelope. It had my name written in extremely pretty handwriting on the front. The wax seal on the back had been broken from when Tara opened it. She sighed and took the letter out. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of wizards) Dear Miss Shire, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 3. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Maddie raised my eyebrow and looked over at Tara. "This is a joke, right?" she asked her accusatively. "I may be eleven, but I'm not stupid." Tara looked up from the daily paper and looked at her. "I don't even know what you are talking about. I just opened it up to see that it was from a school." She put her coffee down. "First off, you are dumb, and secondly, I hope it's a boarding school so I don't have to deal with you ever again." Maddie gritted her teeth and read over the letter. There was no way that this wasn't a prank. Of all of the schools in England, she had never heard of Hogwarts. It had to be some kind of prank from Tara. She wanted her to know that she wasn't falling for it. Then, Tara yelped. Maddie looked up and saw that her cup of coffee had fallen all over her paper and onto her shirt. "How did you do that, you brat?!" Tara yelled at her. "Why did you knock over my coffee?" Maddie held up her hands in defense. "I didn't do anything. It's not my fault that you're clumsy." "Why, I ought to-" Tara was interrupted by a large noise in the foyer. The sound didn't sound like a door opening, but she hoped it was her parents coming home. Maddie ran off towards the foyer and hoped that Tara wasn't going to follow and throw her under any sort of bus. She was not met with her parents though. She was met by a verity weirdly dressed man. "Um, hello, Miss Shire," the man said. "I don't know what this is, but if it is broken, I will fix it." He pointed to the coat rack that was laying on the floor. There wasn't any apparent damage. Maddie shook her head. "It's not broken, but it needs to be standing." She started to walk towards it, but then it stood up on its own. She looked over at the man in horror. "What is that?" The man held up the stick. "Oh, this? It's just an eleven-and-a-half-inch chestnut with a phoenix feather core." He put it up his sleeve and held out his hand. "My name is Silvanus Kettleburn. I'm the Care of Magical Creatures professor at Hogwarts, which will make more sense to you when I give you this!" He patted down his pockets. "How did you get in here?" Tara walked in and asked. "I will call the police if you do not tell me who you are." Kettleburn seemed startled by Tara's entrance. He pulled out the stick and flicked it. There was a small light that came from it, and Tara paused. "Okay, now where was that letter?" He said and continued to pat down his pockets. Maddie gave him a confused look. "Wait, did you say Hogwarts?" He nodded. "It's only the best school for wizards and witches, like yourself. It where I teach, and it's where your great aunt, Edna, went to school." She looked back and forth between him and Tara. "I didn't know that I had a great aunt Edna." She took a deep breath. "But I don't know what you are talking about. I must be dreaming. Witches aren't real. Salem proved that." He laughed. "Well, that's what the muggles with teach you. Also, the system is different in America. Don't worry about all of that. I've also explained everything to your parents already. They didn't take it extremely well, but we knew they wouldn't. I think I convinced them to have you go to Hogwarts." Maddie shook her head. "I'll be going to the best secondary school next year. I can't give that up for some imaginary school. If my parents don't approve, then neither do I." He twirled his wand around. "What if I told you that there was a wand just like this one that was specialized just for you? Would you believe me then?" This was a whole bunch of information to latch on to. Yeah, Maddie was still a kid, but she wasn't allowed to have much of an imagination. Her parents made sure that she knew everything as a fact. She shrugged. "Only if I had it in my hands and got the chance to use it." She stared at Tara for a moment. "What did you do to her?" He walked past Tara and towards the kitchen. "Do you have something to drink? Apparating makes me thirsty. I was already thirsty because I had to talk to your parents for hours, since they don't have the most expansive imagination. Though, this isn't something that you really need an imagination for because this is real." Maddie followed him into the kitchen. "You talked to my parents?" He nodded. "Yeah, they weren't very happy to see me at first, but I think I convinced them. I didn't have to resort to too many unnatural means." "So what happened to Tara wasn't unnatural?" She said very confounded. He walked over to the sink and flicked his wand. The cupboard opened and a cup floated into his hand. He filled the cup with water and turned around to face Maddie. "I know you have a lot of questions to ask me," he said when he finished the cup. "I have permissions and funds from your parents so you can ask them on the way." She raised an eyebrow at him. "Where are we going?" Kettleburn smiled. "Well, Diagon Alley, of course. The only place for young witches and wizards to get their supplies for the best school on Earth, Hogwarts." "What exactly is Hogwarts?" She asked. "Is it a secondary school?" He shook his head. "It's where you go to school for seven years and learn everything you need to learn to be successful in the wizarding world. I'm a professor at Hogwarts, but if you wanted, you could be an Auror or the Minister of Magic or whatever you want to be." "But I'm on track to be a neurosurgeon," Maddie protested. "I can't just go to the wizarding world, if it even exists and you aren't a crazy person, and forget that all." He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a piece of paper. "Two years ago, you were really angry at your nanny, and you made the window shatter." She went to say something but he silenced her. "Three years ago, on two different accounts, you were upset because of your parents, and you locked them out of their room. Last year, you broke a cup, a window at school, and gave a kid a nose bleed." Maddie leaned against the counter. "I'm only eleven.