His breathing is even in the dark of the night. His arms holding her tightly, pressing her flushed to his naked skin. His body warming her bare flesh. He seems so peaceful. Months of pain and heartache has taken a toll on him. Restless nights have made him almost unrecognisable. He's lost weight. Not enough to be worried about but enough for her to notice his jeans becoming loose around the hips. Dark circles permanently painted under his eyes. He hasn't slept in months. She knows this because she hasn't slept either. Tonight he sleeps like a baby. Free from nightmares and painful thoughts. Those restless months have caught up on him. She realised their coupling settled him. They hadn't been intimate in months and it had settled her too. Still, she had that voice in her head telling her it wasn't enough for her. It nags her at night, reminds her of how much of a mess he was. How much she needed a moment to breathe. She hadn't had a chance since they left the hospital months before, empty handed and broken in a million pieces. She'd been too focused on making sure he was fine. She spent nights picking him up from bars and putting him to bed like a small child. She had become his caretaker. Enough was enough. She needed to deal with her grief and not chase after her husband all hours of the night making sure he hadn't gotten behind the wheel of his car. She could no longer have the reoccurring nightmares of an officer knocking on her door at 4am telling her he had wrapped his car around a tree. She had to be free. She brushes his hair from his forehead, tangling her fingers through the locks, the tendrils of blonde hair silky smooth between her fingers. She slips her hand down to his cheek, brushing it slightly and slips out from his hold. He moves, pulling the pillow to his body and she pulls her discarded clothes on. They were sprawled all over the room when they carelessly undressed, wanting to feel that hunger again after months of barely touching. She tiptoes quietly around the bedroom, gathering her things into a suitcase in a quick attempt of leaving without him waking. This wasn't planned her leaving. She just knew she needed to go with the sudden urge and leave now or something would happen and they'd never be the same again. She packs her important necessities and finds a piece of paper. I can't do it anymore. You need help and I can't be that person anymore. I need some time. We both need some time. Tonight meant everything to me. It was beautiful and wonderful. It's time for me to grieve. I love you always. She folds the note and sets it on his phone, takes him in one last time and moves to the door of the bedroom. She turns back and looks at him briefly before closing the door silently behind her. She avoids looking at all their momentos and remembering all the good and painful memories. She feels her breathing getting harder and she steps out of the house. Closing the door behind her and climbing into her SUV. She stares at the house for a long while before putting the key in the ignition, turning the car on, putting it on reverse and backing out of the driveway before she suffocates or does something worse, like cry. Though the minute she turns from the street, tears roll down her cheeks and she knows she regrets leaving but she knows she'll regret going back. So she just drives and finds herself on the highway headed to New York. New York would be good. She'd be able to clear her head, take some time to think and breathe. Have her chance to really grieve and get away from his addictions. She feels as if the weight on her shoulders is starting to lift the further she drives. The barriers are coming down and it's her time. Her time. Months of built up emotions and tears fall and she sobs. Sobs heavy as she crosses the border and heads straight to the city. The tears roll down her cheeks and she doesn't move to wipe them. She needed to feel this. But she wants him more than anything to just hold her and tell her it'd all be alright but he was the one who pushed her to leave. Her mind was a mess. Her heart was torn into two, misleading what she really needed instead of wanted. All she could think about was his warm body pressed against hers. The feeling of coming undone and those words they spoke in the dark of the night. She was conflicted. She just keeps driving until she pulls up outside of her old friend's house and knocks on her front door. " Katniss. What are you doing here?" The friend asks, cradling her small baby to her chest. She shrugs her shoulders at her friend, unable to speak a word. And it's like her friend knows all too well. "Come on inside then." ... She idles into the dark street. She had grown all too familiar with this street and found it awfully quiet. Parking the car across from the place she used to call home. Her first grown up home. Only one light is on. The room they had chosen for their future. She misses this house like she misses sleep. So many things had happened in this house. So many memories are associated with this house. Those incredible memories also drove her away. Too many painful memories were associated with the house. The room with the light on, was one of them. She wipes the lone tear from her cheek and wonders what he is doing. She knows he never left. She wonders what is inside that room now. She wonders if he still sleeps on the same sheets they purchased together. She wonders if he shares the bed with another body. If that body warms the space between the sheets like she used to. She wonders if everything is still the same from the day she walked out the door. If the silly fridge magnets still spell out always. She wonders if the photos of the two of them are still held to the fridge by magnets. If the same frames are still on display showing the happy couple they once were. If the large canvas from their wedding day still greets him when he walks in through the front door. If her leather jacket she's had since she was 19 still hangs in the hall closet beside his own leather jacket. She wonders if he still places his shoes next to the ones she left behind in her hasty getaway. She wonders, does he still wear his wedding ring. Does he read her letter every night before bed and wonder where she is and why she left. He's smart enough to know why. She was never good at letting people comfort her. Only he knew how to comfort her but when she pulled away, things hit rock bottom and nothing could comfort her and the best thing she could do was run away from the problem. She had hoped he found happiness but she still hoped he cried at night like she did. She had hoped a lot of things and coming back home, she didn't know what to expect. She had wished every day to change the past but she knew you shouldn't mess with the past. You learnt from the past but she didn't understand why her past brought her back here, back to her home. Maybe her guilty conscious. She watches the curtains move and the light is enough to highlight him in the window. Her best friend. Her lover. Her husband. He looks pained and hurt. She knows she's part of that pain and hurt. She feels uneasy staring at him after 15 months apart. But she wants nothing more than to take him into her arms, caress his face and softly kiss the pain away. She knew she had broken him and yet he had broken her. They broke each other. A stirring pulls her eyes away from the house, from him and to the backseat of her car. Her child. Their child is waking, ready for a feed. She starts the car and turns back to the house, he is gone from the window and the rooms light is off. She exhales and feels the tears form in her eyes. She tried to remain positive and brave for their child but it hadn't been easy. Nights when the baby cried, she cried harder. When the baby slept, she cried wishing he was here with them. She felt guilty when their baby reached her first milestones and he wasn't here to see it. The fussing becomes apparent, the baby can't hold out for much longer but she still can't seem to pull herself from the house. The baby's whimpers and crying are the only thing that make her muster up the courage to leave. She takes one last look at the house and knows she'll have to see him even if it pains her. "There you are." Johanna says greeting them at the front door. "Get inside before you catch a cold." She takes the diaper bag from Katniss and holds the door open for her to carry the car seat inside and out of the cold. The sleeting was just starting the minute she pulled into the driveway. Johanna takes her coat and moves off into the kitchen. Johanna had been the only person she could turn to during her absence and the surprise pregnancy. While Katniss lived off in New York for those 15 months with her childhood best friend, Johanna made sure to visit Boston every spare chance she got. She'd call every day and make sure she was doing OK. She was the one person keeping an eye on him also and making sure he was doing alright. Never once did Johanna relay information about him to her. Katniss strictly asking her not to. It made the guilt worse knowing. When Katniss arrived on her doorstep last night with her baby sound asleep in her arms, she didn't question it. She accepted the mother and daughter with open arms and made room for Katniss and her six-month-old daughter despite intruding on her very social life. Lila's small cries make her mother take her from the car seat and she starts nursing her. She's settled quickly with her lips pressed around her mother's nipple and was at ease. Katniss brings the throw over her lap and stares at her daughter. Only she could make her feel at ease and calm her down when she was upset. Just like how she was her daughter's comfort. Johanna enters the room and sits down beside Katniss on the couch, covering herself with the blanket and rubbing Lila's tiny foot. "You did a drive by didn't you?" Katniss just nods. "Did you see him?" "Briefly." She tells her. "He was in the nursery. Or what used to be the nursery." She offers her a small knowing smile and looks back at Lila who is completely content. "Are you going to see him?" "Yeah. I am." "Will you take Lila with you?" "I think I need to see him alone, first. Tell him about where I've been and why I ran and then tell him. Showing up on his front step with the baby would push him over the edge." "I think tough love is what he needs. Drop the bombshell right away so he can be mad straight away rather than you gain his trust and then drop the huge bombshell." "I can't do that to him." She says swallowing the lump in her throat. "He said he never wanted any