Just a prompt idea that came to me. You can find me on Tumblr Herainab. … My footsteps are quiet down the hallway of the hospital floor. It was eerily quiet in this part of the hospital. But I didn't mind the quiet of the wing. I liked to work in quiet. A large coffee in my hand, getting used to the nightshift was hard after having been graced with dayshift for two years as an at home caretaker. Working in the hospital was different than being in a person's home. Especially since my last patient was responsive. They though nicknamed this part of the wing as the vegetable patch. Their characterisation was correct but awful. These patients were in a comatose state being watched round the clock by nurses and caretakers and family. I had only started three days ago and to my dismay had overheard the orderlies talk about the patients as vegetables. In my three days I had no bad word to say about my patient. I had fallen in love with being a caretaker. And with my new patient, I had a feeling of hope which was unexplainable to my friends who questioned my choice of profession. This patient was my first comatose patient and I couldn't describe the feeling of seeing him every day. I had been hired by the patient's brother. He was the only family left and had all but given up that his brother would ever wake. I had known the family briefly. The patient had been a classmate for a few years. We hardly spoke during our schooling but his brother assured me I'd be the next best person if he couldn't be there. He lived on the other side of the country also which limited his visits especially with his young family. Despite telling me I could work the day hours, I much preferred the night shift. It was quiet and I honestly had trouble sleeping at night. The brother made my pay double time during the nightshift and generously offered me benefits the family before hadn't. Visiting hours would be over soon in the wing. Some patients had family members constantly. Some patients had family who had given up on them or no family at all. The only interaction most of them had was with nurses and orderlies. The nurses were also changing shifts. Large coffees in hands and junk food filled with lots of sugar and their kindles to entertain them in between rounds. Johanna, a nurse who had filled me in about my patient sat perched on the nurses' desk nursing an extra-large coffee and a bag of potato chips on her lap as she read a trashy magazine, hardly listening to Finnick, another nurse I had met just yesterday. He was tall, bronzed and had the physic of a Greek god and made up for the characterisation of male nurses portrayed in popular culture. The ones you'd fantasy about and hope to have visiting the hospital. He had many patients swooning and some of the female staff members lost for words when he walked the hallway or when he changed in the locker room. That's what Johanna had told me anyway. He was beautiful but not my type. He seemed too cocky for my liking and seemed offended that I didn't throw myself at him. I had also noticed his love for sugar. Just yesterday I watched him scoop three sugar cubes into his coffee and the sugary sweets hidden in his scrub pockets. He came by during my shift numerous times offering me a wide range of candy and sweets. I declined and turned back to my book. I wave to them and go directly to my patient's room. Just like this morning he's in the same spot. His chest rising and falling. I drop my bag down on one of the chairs and look at him. His blond hair is unruly and falls in curls over his forehead. Freckles covering the bridge of his nose and his eyelashes long and blond. From memory he had blue eyes but I could be mistaken. His brother had filled me in over what had happened to his brother. His brother who was the same age as me and now comatose, his life frozen. 6 months ago during a call out to a building fire, he went inside to rescue trapped residents. He guided a family of three out and went back in despite being told it was too unstable. Another member followed him in but they were separated by a falling beam which knocked him unconscious. He was pulled free when his team found him. He hadn't woken up since that night and had suffered a traumatic brain injury. With doctors operating on him soon after they successfully fixed the damage. There's still brain activity, he just hasn't woken up on his own. There was hope but his brother was finding it hard to think he'd ever wake up. "Hi Peeta, its Katniss here." I brush the curls from his forehead and watch the monitors change slightly before going back to how they were before. Nothing too serious to worry about. My first two days I sat silently beside him. I spoke briefly to him. Introducing myself before engrossing myself in my book and wandering the floor when I got restless sitting there. Today I felt like I should talk to him more. The human brain was remarkable and in my reading of the response coma patients made towards family, speech and touch proved positive in most cases. He had be deprived of family, speech and gentle caresses for too long. I pulled my chair close to his bedside and grabbed his hand, pulling it between mine. They were calloused against my smooth skin. Years of hard labour present in his hands. His brother filled me on aspects of his life. The things he loved most, why he became a fireman, what he had been doing since they moved. His favourite colour is a sunset kind of orange. He told me he was a baker. A painter. He likes to sleep with the window open. He never takes sugar in his tea. And he always double-knots his shoelaces. I had written these details down in my notebook that I dedicated to Peeta. Specific details about him, memories I remembered and clippings of newspaper articles I had found on him. His brother had sent me some paintings, photos and memos I could decorate his room with. Today I had an email from Rye to read to him, which would go in the notebook. It was a recording of his time in the coma. Things that I could report back to Rye and if he ever woke up, we could recall the happenings of his time while in his state. I pull the letter from the notebook and try to press the folds out. "Peeta, sorry I'm not there anymore. I couldn't afford any more time off of work and the family needed me. I couldn't leave Katie alone. You're about to become an uncle for the second time very soon. We know it's a girl and thought we'd share this with you before everyone else. Hopefully by my next letter she'll be here. Jordan misses you and asks when you'll come and visit. I told him soon because I hope it will be soon. Remember Katniss? The girl you couldn't take your eyes off? Well she's going to look after you for now on. I'll visit as much as I can but I think you'll appreciate Katniss' presence then my own. Sorry for keeping this short. Hopefully I'll have more words next time. Take care and get better soon. I'll write the minute your niece is here. I'm sure you'll love her. Until next time, Rye." I fold the letter up and paper clip it to a page. "I'm sorry I didn't notice you at school. I was just the type of person who didn't make friends easy. You intimidated me with your natural presence and the way you could speak so calmly and beautifully. I adored hearing you speak. Your voice was like velvet. So rich and calming it was my favourite thing about English class when you read aloud. It's the one thing I remember about you so much. Oh and the kiss behind the bike shed on your last day of school. I would never forget that kiss or how I rode home so quickly that afternoon and never turned back." The next week I walked through the quiet hospital. My step was giddy with excitement. I couldn't wait to share the email with Peeta. I ignored Johanna and Finnick who were throwing M&M's at each other. "Hey Peeta." I took my seat beside him and pulled the email from the notebook. "Hey Peet, guess what? You have a niece. She was born just two hours ago. She's a lot smaller than Jordan was at birth. She looks a lot like Katie from the shape of her eyes, her nose and her mouth. She has your colour eyes though and very long, blonde eyelashes. We've named her Mikayla Rose. I can't wait until you meet her. I'm just on my way to get Jordan and bring him to the hospital to meet his little sister. I don't think he's going to be too pleased he got a sister but I hope he falls in love with her sweetness. Let me tell you, I've been through the new baby stage before and I thought I wouldn't be as excited but I was wrong. I'm so emotional, words can't describe the feelings. She's a gem, so precious and sweet. I'm speechless once again. I hope you get to experience this feeling one day Peeta, you'd be a great father. I just know it. Anyway, I've got to get Jordan but I'll be sure to send updates and some pictures for your room. Take care brother." It isn't until I've been there a month when I finally take it upon myself to care for him more than a nurse. I sit with him more and talk to him more about myself. I finally open up to him about my family and what happened when he moved towns. "My father died a month after you left. He was caught in a robbery and shot dead. My mother basically shut out from the world and I was left to care for Prim. Only 5 years later during the winter of senior year she died. She had a brain aneurism. A ticking time bomb they call it. I tried to wake her up for school and she was unresponsive. She got to the hospital and the doctors confirmed she had died from an aneurism. There was nothing we could do. My mother who had made a lot of progress suddenly feel into her comatose state. She sat in bed, in her own filth for days staring at the ceiling, not moving or speaking. It was bad, I didn't attend school, I didn't leave the house. Worst of all Prim's mangy cat, who had a grudge against me, made me truly mourn her. We mourned her together and he forgave me. I barely managed to graduate high school but I did it and went to college. A lot changed when you left and I sometimes wondered if my life would have been different if you'd be there for me. If we shared more sneaky kisses behind the bike shed and if I gathered up the nerve to talk to you more. I also wonder what would have happened if my father never went to that store. He only went there for cough medicine for me. If I wasn't sick then maybe he'd still be here today. I wonder a lot which brings the nightmares, I don't sleep at night. My sleep is plagued with nightmares. I hardly speak to my mother. The