He checked his boarding pass for the thousandth time and navigated himself down the narrow aisle until he found his seat. He had hoped he would have an empty row, space to spread out and try and get some sleep on the 8 hour red-eye flight. He followed the mother who juggled a sleeping toddler, two backpacks and guided a small child. "Here, let me help you." He says placing his hand on her forearm. She smiles a thanks and he takes the two bags from her as the child takes a seat. He moves towards the back of the plane and finds his row, fifth from the back. A man, in his mid-thirties sits in the row behind. The man looks up briefly and is quick to look back down again, with a brief acknowledgement. He notices one of the seats in his row has been occupied. A woman with dark raven hair, braided in a long braid down her back sat at the window seat. She bites her nail as she reads her phone. She was attractive he thought and all his wishes about wanting an empty row were long forgotten, he was glad he got to sit in her row. She was young, in her late teens or early twenties. He pulled his rucksack off of his shoulders and sat down in his assigned seat on the aisle as he riffled through his bag to find his kindle and iPhone. He set his rucksack in the overhead compartment and sat back down. The woman still yet to look at him. He turned his phone off, wrapping his earphones around the device and slipped it into his jeans pocket. He felt eyes on him and looked up, finding a pair of beautiful grey eyes looking at him. Silver like the moon. They were nothing he had ever seen in his life before. "You headed on a holiday?" He asks her. She looks up from her phone. She shakes her head. "Home actually." She tells him with an American accent. "Home? You're not from America?" "I grew up there. Pennsylvania for 14 years then moved to Paris." "You live in Paris?" "I do." She tells him with a smile. "You headed on a holiday?" "Kind of. It's a bit of a study vacation also." He tells her. "I'm in college, and I've just finished my third year. I've always wanted to visit the sights, experience the beautiful artwork and the culture. I've always imagined telling my travelling stories to my children, inspiring them to want to travel and see the world as wide eyed, curious beings. I was inspired by my uncle, he bummed around Europe for five years. And all of his stories just made me want to travel, especially to countries where English was hardly spoken." He tells her. She seems uninterested and he feels as if he is trying too hard. The Captain's voice was heard on the intercom and he listened intently. Sure to listen to every word. He watched the hostess point out the exit. He buckled his seatbelt and settled into his seat. He was sure that would be the only words spoken. He was ready to settle in with his book or with a movie once they hit cruising altitude. He hoped he'd be able to settle down and sleep for most of the flight. Waking to the orange sky and close to landing, missing most of the flight. He gripped the armrests hard as the plane started taxiing down the runway, ready for take-off. The woman he noticed her knuckles turning white from gripping the armrest too. "Not a fan of flying?" He asks her. She shakes her head. "Not really. I hate take off the most. And landing." He smiles acknowledging the fear and just smiled at her. "Just look at me. Focus on me and the worst of it will be over." She nods and a small smile stretches across her face as her breathing calms and her knuckles turn pink again. Her hard grip on the armrests loosened and gradually her fingers stretching out along the rest. "Am I helping?" She nods and remains smiling. "What's your name?" "Katniss." "That's a lovely name. I'm Peeta." And once the plane has found altitude and the seatbelt light off, Katniss has relaxed into her seat and her seatbelt undone. Peeta undoes his and slides into the seat beside her as she motions for him to sit beside her. "So Peeta, where are you from?" "Seattle. The city of rain." "Yeah? Where are you studying?" "Chicago. I'm studying business." "You enjoy it?" "Yes. Very much." He tells her, his eyes going wide. "Are you studying?" "Yes." "Let me guess, science?" He asks. "No, ballet actually." "Ballet?" "Yes, that's why I moved to Paris. I've been part of the Paris Opera Ballet for the last five years. I love it." She tells him. "Does that surprise you?" "Yes." "Why?" "I just never pictured you to be a dancer. Like I said, you look smart, I thought maybe you were studying science, maybe medicine. You look like the kind of girl that would study medicine." "Well, thank you but I'm just a dancer." She says smiling. "But no, I'm studying ballet, I have no interest in studying anything else, beside this ballet thing is quite full on." "As long as you're doing something you love then that's all that matters." He tells her with a smile. "So what were you doing in America?" "Work." She tells him. "I was cast as an extra in a dance movie, actually more as a double. So I've been in New York for three months, I missed out on the showcase but this was just an opportunity I couldn't pass up." "There's always more showcases." "Exactly and that's why I'm headed back to Paris now. Training for the next tour. I've been cast as the understudy." "What are you performing?" "Sleeping beauty. Yeah I know what you're thinking but it's the first time I'm playing the understudy." "I think it's wonderful. It's an opportunity I know you'll cherish forever." She nods with a smile and he's overcome with a feeling of warmth and wonder. "So Peeta, what are you plans for after college?" "I don't know yet. Probably go back to Seattle and work some more in my family's business and go from there." "What business do they run?" "A bakery. A very popular bakery. I've grown up learning all about bread and cakes and such. I think it's in my blood to go into the baking business." "I bet there is more to you than just bread. What else do you enjoy doing?" "I like art. I like painting and drawing." "Anything else?" He shakes his head. "Well, I like dancing." "Anything else?" "I used to do archery but gave that up to focus on my dancing. It's an escape you know. I used to get lost in archery. I used to forget the world and just stood in the range for hours shooting arrows at targets but dance, when I danced I got to express my emotions through my art. Express it to the tips of my fingers or toes. Loose myself to choreography and the music and not be myself for the piece or for the whole show. I got to play someone I'm not and I don't mind forgetting who I am. It makes things easy." She says, her voice cracking. Peeta watches her. She avoids eye contact. Looks straight ahead trying her best to still the tears that threaten to spill. Peeta grasps her hands, squeezing it, telling her he is there. Hoping to reassure her that it is ok, he understands the feeling of wanting to forget. To pretend he is someone else when the pain gets too much. "So, I need a suggestion. Is the Eiffel tower really worth checking out or should I just ignore it at all costs?" He asks. She sniffles, wiping her nose with the sleeve of her stripped oversized sweater and turns to him. "You have to check it out. It's crowded with tourists but it's amazing. Sunset is the best time to go." "You know, my favourite colour is orange? A sunset kind of orange." "That's a beautiful colour." "What's your favourite colour?" "Green. Always has been. I just love the outdoors." He smiles at her and lets her continue on. When the lights start to turn off, people tucked into their chairs, blankets covering their laps and the passengers trying their best to sleep, passing the eight hour flight. Peeta and Katniss don't sleep though. Sleep long forgotten, words being shared in the darkened cabin as they open up to each other. They share a blanket, covering their laps and a bag of pretzels. "I'm an orphan. Well I was orphaned at the age of 13." She tells him. He lets her continue. "I had a sister, she was younger. Primrose. Named for the evening rose. She was beautiful. Blonde hair. Blue eyes. We didn't look like sisters but the shape of our faces, our lips and noses was enough to clarify the relationship. She took after my mother. I took after my father. Prim was into ballet as well and she was brilliant. I don't remember much of the accident. I was unconscious for a long while after it. Bits and pieces come back to me and randomly as well. In dreams, when I'm walking or dancing. There was an explosion at a café we were eating at one day. I had gone to the bathroom while my family waited outside for me. I never saw them again." He squeezes her hand, drawing her closer to his body. "I'm so sorry." "I ended up with my guardian. He did everything in his power to get me to where I am today. He didn't let me give up my dream of dancing in a company. It was also Prim's dream. The two of us dancing for fancy companies, travelling the world. The first few months after I moved to Paris were hard. I was homesick and cried every night. I felt worthless and like I didn't deserve my place after what had happened to my family. It was one night, one of the girls who started with me crept into my room and help me while I sobbed. We became fast friends after that night, she opened up to me and she's always there to pull me forward when I'm slipping. There's good days and bad days." "We all have them." He tells her. "I was abused as a child. Made to feel worthless and I still feel like I am. I am my own biggest critic. I never believe anything I do is wonderful. I criticise myself and find myself hating myself some days. I was diagnosed with dyslexia as well, my mother using that against me. Taunting me and teasing me every day when I struggled. It brought upon the anxiety and eventually the depression and feeling of being alone, having no one. She left when I was 15. And I was glad to see her walk out the door. I contemplated suicide so many times. I attempted once. I was in a really low point and it seemed liked the only option. I still sometimes feel like that, even now." "Peeta." She gasps. "I will never forget the look on my father's face when I woke up after my failed attempt. And I cried because the look on his face was heartbreaking. He had to cut his son down and I know that's what haunts his dreams. It's something you never want them to see and I never thought about that. I never thought about my attempt and how my family would find me. I still remember my eldest brother embracing me so tightly when I woke up. He cried. I had never seen him cry in my life until