Story for Tumblrs Prompts in Panem Everlark Challenge, Holidays in Panem. … It all started ten years ago. As I drove home on one of the coldest nights in December, the icy rain pounding my windscreen with heavy drops, the wiper blades on the fastest setting. My headlights caught her, like a deer in the headlights. She was drenched and carried a large rucksack on her back. She obviously had been caught in the bad weather and sought shelter under a tree that didn't provide her with any protection from the bad weather. When my headlights landed on her she stood upright ready to run, scared for her safety and she would have bolted if she didn't recognise my voice. " Katniss, its Peeta Mellark." She just stared at me. We hadn't seen each other since graduation. I left for college in another state and she stayed behind. We had barely spoken a word to each other through school, only few remarks were exchanged and that was it. The girl I was crazy about, I let go. I thought a fresh start would be good, a chance to forget about her but she had this long lasting effect on me that I couldn't shake. My college roommate laughed at me, telling me to try out dating college girls to get over her but my mind and heart was very much attached to Katniss Everdeen, even if I didn't see her again. She climbed into my car the minute she realised it was me but didn't speak a word for a while. She warmed her fingers on the heaters and shivered, her teeth almost chattering. I was still an hour from home and the rain was nowhere near easing up. A diner caught my attention and I asked if she'd mind stopping for some food and coffee. We stepped inside the diner, Katniss wearing some of my dry clothing I had packed for my trip home and sat at a booth. It was quiet tonight in the diner. A middle aged waitress took our order and Katniss avoided eye contact with me at all costs. "You headed back home?" I asked. She nodded. "Where were you coming from?" She remained silent and stared at the table. "Were you in any danger at all?" She shook her head. It was finally after Katniss' belly was filled with hot food and hot chocolate that she finally spoke. "My family moved out from Jersey just after graduation. I went with them for the summer break and decided to work and start college next year. There was an accident at home and I just started walking." "What happened?" She went silent after that. Obviously not ready to talk just yet. "Do you need somewhere to stay?" I asked her and she nodded. "You can come stay at my dad's with me." "OK." She slept soundly in the passenger seat on the drive back home. I pulled into my father's driveway and she remained asleep as I carried her through my father's house to my old room, laying her down on the bed and pulling the covers over her body and leaving her to be. I showered and met my father in the kitchen downstairs. Two steaming cups of hot chocolate sat on the table with a plate of chocolate chip cookies. "I hope its fine I brought her here? She didn't tell me much." "You did a good thing son." He told me with a sincere smile. I slept in my brother's old bedroom that night but woke to the mattress shifting. I felt her heat as she sought for me under the covers. I pulled her close to my body and held her, like all the times I had imagined I would. "I had a bad dream." She told me quietly. "I just didn't want to be alone." I kissed the top of her head and she settled in beside me holding on to me for dear life while she slept soundly for the first time in weeks. She finally opened up to me on Christmas Eve. Dad having gone to the local church service with his partner Nat, I stayed behind at the house with her. She had come down with the flu and had been bedridden for the few days we'd been here. We sat on the couch with mac and cheese and watched a movie when I heard her sobbing. "My family died two weeks ago." She told me. "Katniss, I'm so sorry." "It was a house fire. They were trapped and I wanted to go back in and get them but I couldn't. They said it was an electrical fault. I could hear my sister screaming for help but I was held back by the neighbour who rescued me. I slept downstairs and he smashed my bedroom window and dragged me out. The house was well alight when he pulled me out. I was lucky." She wiped the tears from her cheeks. "And the few days before the accident my boyfriend broke up with me. Well I broke up with him, I caught him with another girl and he went on blaming me. Blaming me for being so pure that I drove him to another girl. I thought that was the worst heartbreak, breaking up with someone but the worst heartbreak is losing your family. The ones you love so dearly and blaming yourself." "It wasn't your fault Katniss. It was an accident." That year she decided she'd never celebrate the holidays again, it was too painful. And the love and joy she felt with Christmas before… it felt wrong being happy when her family wasn't around to share in that happiness. So it was better shutting herself out and pretending the holiday never existed. She remained in bed during Christmas, hiding from the holiday and the pain that would be associated with the holiday for years to come. Ten years after that day Katniss and I are roommates in New York. Katniss a social worker and myself a family law lawyer. Those ten years, Katniss has not once been caught celebrating the holiday. We've lived together for 4 years in a shoebox apartment and not once have we put up a Christmas tree or holiday décor. She stays in New York, I travel to Jersey to be with my family each Christmas. My father invites her to come but she always declines stating she has work to do but I know that she just sits on the couch eating mac and cheese and watching Netflix, avoiding holiday movies and specials. This year things had changed between the two of us. We were known for sharing beds and the comfort of each other since I since I found her on side of the road but it was nothing more than a platonic arrangement until Easter this year, with both of us battling a severe case of the flu, bedridden and somewhat delirious we opened up to each other about our feelings and since then she's looked at me differently, like a girl in love. Eight months together and I know that I'm not spending the holidays without her. We've spoken about past holiday memories, Katniss' mainly just her immediate family. Mine with my extended family. I trudge up the stairs of our apartment building. The two of us in the process of packing, ready to move in the New Year. The snow has ceased for the moment but more snow predicted for tonight, a fresh blanketing ready for Christmas tomorrow morning. Katniss had been out for the day, dealing with a last minute job call out. She having described it as a crisis when she paced around our bedroom getting dressed. Strapping her moon boot to her right foot. Katniss having broken her ankle two weeks earlier, slipping on the front step of a client's home. So while she wouldn't be home until dinnertime the call out being more difficult than she expected, I had a plan. A plan for us to celebrate our first Christmas together. I wouldn't go too overboard but make it special enough for just us two. "Hello Mr Peeta." Toby, one of the neighbours greets him. The cold weather usually brought the kids to play in the hallways. Today Toby and his young brother Jack were playing with a hackie-sack while Lucy one of the girls who lived downstairs looked on with a Barbie doll clutched in her hands. "Hi kids. Who's winning?" "I am." Toby exclaims. "Only because you cheated." Lucy claims with a scowl on her face. A scowl that reminds me so much of Katniss. "I did not, you just don't know how to play." Toby remarks. "Can you play hackie-sack Mr Peeta?" "I haven't played for quite a few years Toby." "Would you like to play with us?" He asks. "Just for a little bit. I've got some things to do." I tell them with a smile. "Come on Lucy." I set down the two bags of groceries and stand in a circle and play hackie-sack, the game bringing me back to my college days. "You're really good at this Mr Peeta." Toby exclaims. "Thanks Toby." I say passing the sack to Jack. "I thought I heard your voice." I hear from behind me and can hear the slight smile in her voice. "Yeah, these ones roped me into a game." I tell her. "Do you want to play Miss Katniss?" Toby asks as he juggles the sack on his foot. "It's alright Toby, I don't want to break my other ankle." She says pointing down to her moon boot. Toby passes it to me but I miss it on purpose. "Oh no." I exclaim. "Oh well, you three can keep on playing." I pass the hackie-sack to Lucy. "Keep your eye on it Lucy and beat those boys." She smiles at me, her green eyes going wide. I pick up the bags from the ground and kiss Katniss on the cheek. "I didn't think you'd be home this early?" "I had to come and get some paperwork. I'm just on my way back out." She tells me, following me back into our shoebox. "Oh, I was hoping we could go back to bed." I say turning to face her, playing with the buttons of her coat. "Sorry baby, I'll be back as soon as possible." She tells me picking up her messenger bag and slinging it over her shoulder. "I'm only around the corner anyway." "Well text me when you're close to leaving, I'll make sure you have a nice cup of hot chocolate waiting for you and I'll make sure I'm naked." She grins and leans in kissing me. "Bye Hun." "Bye." She leaves the apartment with her phone ringing and I'm glad the courts are closed until next year giving me the holidays uninterrupted. I get to work unpacking the groceries and getting the dough for the cheese buns ready to bake later. I dig through the box dad had dropped off a few days ago. Everything was in there and I got to work on Katniss' surprise. The apartment was quite bare. My old room had been turned into storage of all our packed things and the unimportant things packed up and piled high in my old room. It took me almost three hours to create my surprise and a text from her let me know she would be half an hour. I set the cheese buns into the oven to cook so they were fresh when she walked through the door. This year we had compromised on a small Christmas tree. It was a metal tree that we hung ornaments on and it sat on our coffee table. She was slowly opening up to the holiday and this was a big step after ten years of not celebrating but she knew it meant a lot to me to have a small piece of Christmas since I