This is a monster of a story. One I wrote over a weekend. I was inspired to Still Alice and straight away felt parallels towards our favorite couple. And once I started thinking, we don't know what effect the hijacking could have on Peeta's brain as he grows older and I thought this was an interesting post-canon idea. I hate to think of Katniss and Peeta suffering but this story overall is about love, the strong love they have for each other, the love they have for their children and grandchildren. Love conquers all, especially when the family is already strong connected. … "Katniss?" I call out to her, hanging my light winter coat on the hook by the front door and kicking my boots off. The house was oddly quiet for a Friday afternoon. The younger two were still at school and due home within the next hour. Maybe she was out in the woods still. She seemed to get lost out there and spend long hours breathing in the fresh air and clutching the undergrowth that littered the ground. She told me it was comforting being out there, still years after we had finally returned home from the Capitol. "Up here!" I follow the sound of her voice up to their bedroom taking the stairs slowly with my knee groaning in protest. It had been aching all day today. I hear the water running from their bathroom as I near the room, stepping into the bedroom, stripping out of my shirt. "Happy birthday." I hear her murmur with my shirt covering my face. I whip it off quickly, finding me wife standing there in her sheer green slip with matching panties on. It was my favorite lingerie set still to this day and it still had the same effect on me. She smiles at me from the doorway of the bathroom, her hair flowing in soft tousled waves and her olive legs on display. I wrap her up in my arms, kissing her deeply as I press her body to mine. "No need to rush, Willow is intercepting the kids and they're going to do something in town." "God she's a good daughter." She chuckles against my lips and I walk us backwards towards the bed, laying her down across the bed gently. She traces her fingers over my chest softly, the afternoon sun is close to setting and the kids are due home soon. "We should probably get up and start on dinner." I murmur. "I wish we could just stay here for a little while longer." She admits to me. "Aren't Monday's enough?" I ask with a slight chuckle. "No, they're not." I had changed my roster to spend one full day with Katniss when our youngest finally started school nine years ago. We usually spent the full day in bed together, scrambling out when we heard the kids heading down the pathway home. She slips from my embrace, kissing me quickly on the cheek and rolling out of bed. She slips into the bathroom and I remain there for a while, trying to figure out how I became so lucky. I sit up, swinging my legs over the side of the bed. I had left my prosthetic on instead of taking it off and I wince as I rub the pain running throughout my inner thigh. "You alright?" Katniss ask. "You're knee playing up?" I nod. "Yeah, it's been aching all day." "They did say you'd be due for a new one soon." Katniss tells me concerned as she kneels in front of me. "We should probably schedule a trip to the Capitol." I hated going back there but our trips had become frequent in the last few years for medical check ups and doctor visits. "I'll call first thing tomorrow." She tells me a she rubs my leg. "Why don't you use the crutch for the rest of the night? Relieve the pressure." I smile and undertake the task of removing my prosthetic. The Capitol doctors asked if they wanted to rebuild my leg with my own regenerated DNA but I declined. This was part of my past, who I once was and now am. It's a reminder of every little thing I've accomplished. It shows my children my scars, flaws and history. Even Katniss'. A reformed leg would take away my three decades worth of self-rehabilitation. My prosthetic had become a part of me. She hands me my crutch and clothes and helps me into my pants. I slip into my soft red sweater and we head down the stairs together. The front door bursts open as we get to the bottom step and I smile at the incoming people. My family. My children as they step through the front door. "Happy birthday daddy!" My youngest says, embracing me in a hug. "Thank you Jas." "Happy birthday Dad." My son says. "Thanks Rye." "Happy birthday Dad." I smile at my grown up daughter. She's grown so quickly it's hard to grasp the fact that she's 21 now and due to marry in late Spring. "Thank you Willow." Her fiancé greets me with a handshake and I thank him before inviting him inside. "Unpack your bags and clean up." Katniss tells them. "Dinner will be ready soon." Jasmine's the first one downstairs and she offers to get me a drink and nurses me as she notices I'm using the crutch. She's a healer. She healed Katniss and I. We knew the minute she arrived, our lives were complete, our broken hearts nearly whole again and over the last 14 years she's graced us in our continual healing process. "I'm ok Jasmine." I assure her. "Why don't you see if Mom needs a hand?" She nods, kissing my cheek and goes to her mother whom quickly throws together the rest of dinner. Rye join us soon after, Willow setting the table and Rye and Jacob, Willow's fiancé play me in a game of cards. "Can someone go and get Haymitch please?" Katniss asks. "I'm on it." Rye tells us as he heads out the backdoor. Haymitch joins us at the table and we all share a meal, the kids telling us about their day, their plans for the weekend and current assignments and homework they have. Haymitch offers little to the conversation and sits beside Willow. He hates to admit it but Willow softened him, I had witnessed it from the first time Haymitch met her, holding our newborn in his shaky hands and falling in love with the girl, eventually vowing sobriety. He offered to look after her, visited more often and treated her with so much love and adoration. He loved Willow so much and when we had Rye and later Jasmine, he fell in love even more. But Willow was still his favorite and they shared a bond Katniss and I didn't understand. And we knew how much of a hard time he was accepting her entering adulthood and marrying Jacob. His girl was no longer the little girl with two braids who used to sing to the birds and go for walks with him through the meadow. She was 21, engaged, had a house and already talking about her own family. Willow, Rye and Jasmine clear the table and start on the dishes and Katniss prepares the 'secret cake' with the candles, Haymitch leans over to me. "You're knee hurting?" "Yeah. We're going to call tomorrow and organise a visit." "It's time for a new prosthetic. You'd think with the technology they'd make one that lasted longer than they do." "You'd think." A cake with a number 50 candle is placed in front of me and they sing happy birthday to me. "Make a wish daddy." Jasmine reminds me as she rests her hand on my shoulder. I silently wish for good health and a happy family and I blow out the candle. Willow cuts up the rest of the cake and dishes it amongst us all and we dig in, listening to Willow talk about her job in the Justice Hall. She already had a high-ranking position as an executive in the community side of things. She was in charge of almost 100 employees and was running the department effectively. I smile at how proud she is of her career and squeeze Katniss' hand under the table. We still had to pinch ourselves each day to remember how lucky we were to have our children. I'm given my presents to open and I thank them all after I have opened them and Rye walks Haymitch home. The now elderly man still curses us for giving him a babysitting for the short walk. Willow and Jacob say goodbye and head on home, hand in hand together. Jasmine and Rye head on upstairs to bed, leaving us alone. Katniss and I share a cup of tea on the couch, cuddled together under a blanket together. She rests her head on my shoulder and throws her legs over my lap. This was a common occurrence for us of a night time. The children get ready for bed and we cuddle on the couch catching up on our day and just sometimes sitting in silence with each other. "Did you enjoy your birthday?" She asks me when we're curled up in bed. "I did. Thank you." "Anytime." She mumbles against my chest and I kiss her temple, squeezing her tighter to my body. She's asleep shortly after and I lie there, staring at the ceiling trying to figure out why I'm suddenly anxious. … "I'll need 10 units of the white flour. 5 units of wholemeal. Two units of castor sugar. Three of white sugar." I say to my supplier on the phone. "Um…" " Peeta, you alright?" "Yeah, sorry, got distracted for a second." I tell him. "I've had a mind blank…" " The mixed grains as well?" "Yes, a unit of mixed grain." I tell him. "That'll be all." He reads it back to me over the phone and I confirm the order before hanging up. "Your wife is here." Theo tells me. He's been with me since he was 14 and had a knack for kneading dough and making pastries. I set the phone down and head out to the front of the bakery. She's engaged in conversation with Lindsey Greene, she works the front of house and has a crush on Rye. Katniss looks up and smiles at me before coming round to greet me. Kissing me quickly on the lips. I take us to my office and close the door for some privacy. "They can take you on Thursday morning." She tells me. "That soon?" "They had a cancellation." She tells me. "I said to hold it for us and I'd get back to them." "I assumed it would have been another month or so." She frowns and looks down at my knee. "How is it today?" "I've been off of it for most of the day." "You can't keep pushing yourself." She reminds me. "We're not as young as we used to be." I smirk at her and pull her onto my lap. "I know we're not but just because we're getting older doesn't mean we have to slow down on some things." "We can't." She whispers as I kiss her throat. "Hasn't stopped us before." I remind her. "I'm pretty this is how we conceived Jasmine." She moans at the memory of me taking her on my desk 15 years ago, on the morning of the Harvest Festival. Effie had come to town to visit and was watching Rye and Willow while Katniss and I escaped to my office for some alone time. The bakery was busy, customers coming and going for their orders and my bakers preparing dough for the night time celebration. "I can't be long. I sent Jasmine to pick up the groceries." "We know how to be quick." I remind her, grinding up