Submission for PiP day 4, Green. Trigger Warning – Main Character Death, slight mention of suicide Based off the song 'Fire & Iron'. Song used 'Never Tear Us Apart' by INXS. We hadn't known each other for all that long. All I knew was we spent our Sunday mornings walking through the Japanese gardens home after spending the morning at the weekly markets in the town square. You were a classmate but never once had we spoken in the eleven years of schooling we had shared. I caught you looking at me in the corridors or in the cafeteria at lunch time but never had we once held a conversation. Today was the first day we spoke to each other. Prim and I always walked home together through the Japanese gardens. We loved the smell of the fresh cut grass and went ten minutes out of our way just to walk through the gardens and smell the fresh cut grass, watch the coy or visit the rock garden. Only this morning Prim had stayed behind with her friends and left me to walk home alone. The gardens were always filled with people accessing the square for the Sunday markets, so I wouldn't be walking alone. I walked through the gardens with my hands pressed deep in my coat pockets, warming my fingers from the brisk autumn air. I watched the few families gather in the gardens with their fresh baked goods and fresh lemonade, making use of the markets and autumn sun before winter came and shut the town indoors. You joined your brother and wife home that morning, your brother pushing the baby in the bright green stroller with his fingers entwined with his wife and you walked beside them with your hands deep in your coat pockets. I followed you quietly, trying to remember facts about your family like for one your family owned the bakery with the best cakes. The cakes Prim always dragged me to see after school. You had two older brothers, all who had wrestled in high school and were all champions. That's all the facts I could conjure up as I followed you. I watched you bid the young family goodbye as they walked over the red bridge, the opposite way you would take home. You tickled your nephew's cheek and continued on walking, turning around to notice me and smile slightly before you turned back to light the cigarette you held poised between your lips. Lips that were so intriguing, I wondered what they'd tasted like. It wasn't until then I noticed how blue your eyes were. How your hair fell over your eyes, in desperate need of a haircut. I was close enough behind you that I saw the freckles on your nose and how long and blond your eyelashes were when you turned to me. "You like sneaking up on people?" You asked me, slowing down to walk beside me with a smirk on your face. I shrugged my shoulders smiling slightly and kept my pace beside you. "I didn't know you smoked?" You shrugged your shoulders and smiled. "Want one?" "I'm fine, thanks." I tell you. You walked me home that morning and we slightly exchanged casual conversation and farewelled each other at the gate of my home. You waited by my rusted gate and watched me walk through the door before you turned and headed down the path to your home, fists pushed deep inside your jeans as you kicked a stone down the pathway. The next afternoon you waited for me when school finished at the front gate, your backpack slung over your shoulder and we exchanged a few more words while I nervously picked at a flower. The next morning I found you standing out the front of the bakery and you walked with me to school, sharing a warm cheese bun with me and carried my forest green backpack on your spare shoulder. The next morning you had a takeaway cup filled with delicious hot chocolate for me. I took it from you quickly and smiled at how it warmed my insides and my cold fingers and brought a smile to my face. Each morning you'd have a treat for me and we'd learn a bit more about each other. That Friday afternoon you walked me right to my front door and stood awkwardly with your fists pushed in your pockets, looking at the worn welcome home mat trying to say what was on the tip of your tongue. If the past five days had taught me anything, I knew how good you were with words but right now, was possibly the first time you struggled to get the words out. "Katniss… I was wondering… interested… gosh, I don't know how to ask you." I stood there watching you fumble with the words and I smiled at how sweet and innocent you looked. "Would you like to go to the markets with me on Sunday?" You finally ask. I bite my bottom lip and smiled. "Sure." I agree seeing the smile grow on your face. "Pick me up at 8." You nodded your head. "8 o'clock." You confirm smiling with chapped lips. "Have a nice evening, Katniss." "You too." I tell you before disappearing into my house with a wide smile plastered on my face as I leant against the door and smiled. Sunday morning came and I found you waiting out the front of my house, a green beanie covered your blond hair with a few blond curls peeking out at the front. Two takeaway cups sat on the round fence post with a paper bag held in your hand and a huge smile on your face. I smiled seeing you remembered my favourite colour. "Good morning." You greet me with a smile and offer me a cup. "Breakfast." "Thank you." I smile and feel my mouth water at the smell of breakfast. I was grateful Prim had left earlier with her friends because I thankfully got to have this morning with you and no one else. We talked about everything in general and you asked what I wanted to do at the markets specifically. I was happy to walk through browsing at all the stalls until I found something I liked and we did just that. You greeted the merchants you knew and I happily browsed the stands. I rummaged through a little box of treasures filled with beads, jewellery and pins. I picked up a gold pin and ran my finger over the bird, realising it was a mockingjay. "How much?" I ask. "You can have it." The merchant says to me. "Thank you." I say smiling at the attendant and show the pin to you. "I think Prim will like this." You take it from my hand and study it before pinning it to my coat. "I think you'll like it better." You tell me smiling as you brush my braid away to study it. "Beautiful." I smile at you and we continue on through the square, running into your older brother, wife and son. You introduced me to them and I watched you interact with your sweet nephew who smiled at you and curiously looked at me before offering me a gummy smile and a cheery gurgle as you hand him to me to hold. I held the baby in my arms and cooed to him and he found interest in my braid and my voice. I handed the boy back hesitantly and we went on our way leaving the young family to enjoy their Sunday. "Why do you walk this way home?" You ask me as we walk back through the gardens with fresh lemonade. "I like the smell of cut grass." I answer, taking a sip from my drink. "It reminds me of my father." You smile and we slow down to take a seat on one of the stone benches away from the main pathway. I watch you pull out your tobacco and papers and I sat watching you line the paper with the tobacco. I could see how nervous you were but I knew how you were trying to impress me with how you could roll a cigarette. But your hands were shaking and the paper broke. I watched you flush in embarrassment, laugh and reroll the smoke and bring it to your lips and light the smoke with your now steady hands. I watched you take the first drag and perfectly blow the smoke out in a perfect ring, something that impressed me and made my cheeks flush at how turned on I became at watching yours lips. You held the cigarette out for me, not noticing my flushed skin and I happily accepted the cigarette with a shaky hand, I thought I'd drop it. I played cool though not wanting you to think I was lame for never taking a drag before and I imitated the way you held the cigarette and brought it to my lips and took my first drag, inhaling the tobacco and feeling my throat and lungs burn. I coughed like the kid on the cold and flu ad and noticed how lightheaded I was and how my stomach angrily churned. You just laughed and smiled and kicked the dirt and said, "We're not as cool as we thought we were." I nodded my head with a smile and we walked on home hand in hand. The night that we first kissed was two weeks after our stroll through the Japanese gardens. The markets were shut down for the winter and school was out for Christmas break. I climbed out of my window so I wouldn't be missed. I descended the tree and found you waiting for me at the park like you said you would be. A backpack slung over your shoulder holding a green blanket, some hot chocolate, cheese buns and your beloved cigarettes. We climbed onto the swings realising how big we were getting and swung in the darkness, laughing and talking. We sat stationary on the swings and I noticed the way you kicked your legs back and forth like a small child. Your blue eyes shone in the darkness, the moonlight enhanced the blue and I was even more drawn to them. It was like looking into blue crystal. I was drawn to the gems and wanted no more than to wear the crystals as a necklace as a forever keepsake. The amber of your cigarette glowed as you took drags and I noticed the way you looked up at the sky, stretching your neck and blowing the smoke out. I followed the line of your jaw to your chin and down your neck, over your Adams apple that bobbed when you inhaled and exhaled the smoke. I noticed how beautiful you looked in the moonlight and I never wanted the sun to rise again. You were beautiful in the sunlight but the moonlight made things sacred, mysterious and beautiful. You brought romance, the romance I read about in books, without even trying. You handed me that green beanie you wore the day we went to the markets together and placed it over my hair and covering my ears and said, "Keep it, you look better in it." We ran around like we were 6 years old and found ourselves laying in the train on the blanket, cuddling, sipping the hot chocolate and eating the cheese buns and you handed me a rolled cigarette and placed one in between your lips smiling. On our walk to and from school you had taught me how to properly smoke a cigarette and told me the best way to feel the hit of the nicotine and get that fix. In the two short weeks I become addicted and the smell of you became intoxicating, especially when you hugged me goodbye and I could smell the nicotine, the cinnamon, the sugar and your cologne. It was a swill of