"This is so lame." I tell Rye. "What?" "You setting me up on a date. How on earth did you get this job?" I ask him again as I take a sip of my beer. "Jill had an important client today, she couldn't be distracted from boobs and skin." Rye says as his phone buzzes again with the stupid dating app they've connected me to. There seems to be more boob shots then actual faces. "I just can't set you up with anyone whose face I haven't seen." "Is Jill at all jealous that you're seeing all these boobs?" I ask him. "Not at all. She trusts me enough." "You two have a weird relationship." "You're just jealous." Rye claims and looks at his screen. "She's pretty but she's not for you." He tells me. "I'll find you the one Peeta." "You don't need to do anything for me." "Try tell Jill that. She gets an idea and you can't stop her." He says. "Besides, you're giving us the gift of life." "It hasn't worked yet." I say shrugging. "But it will hopefully." Rye smiles. I nod and drain the rest of my beer. Rye and Jill had approached me 9 months ago. Rye and I had become somewhat estranged in the past years, our father's death the biggest draw card in our relationship. Rye went off, moving right into the city to pursue his music while I remained in the suburbs to run the family bakery. In 10 years we never saw each other, we kept our distance, avoided family reunions and even with the twenty minutes living apart we never saw each other. But one day Jill came to the bakery and her friendliness got the better of me and Rye and I reconnected after a dinner where we both ended up crying reminiscing old times. A couple of months later over dinner they asked me if I'd become their donor. At the time my love life was non-existent and the prospect of ever having a family far away. I agreed and Jill became pregnant after the first go. It ended at 8 weeks breaking our hearts. Jill and Rye decided to marry shortly afterwards and after 6 months have decided to try again with my help. Jill in return has decided to try and set me up with the one. I'm a heartless romantic but I've lost hope in ever falling in love. My phone rings while I box some specialty made cupcakes the next day. Rye's name appears on the screen and I call over Bristol to fix up the order. "Hi." " Any plans for tonight?" "Netflix and a six pack." I tell him. " You need to get out more little brother." He tells me. "I've got a lady for you." "Really? What she like?" " Red head." "What else?" " I can't do this now, I'll call you later." He texts me the details and I confirm. Nothing too formal, nothing too casual. I could do this. Rye says he'll walk me through it and he meets me at the bar he plays at regularly. "I think I'm going to be sick." I tell him. "You'll be fine." Rye assures me. "It's been years since I've dated." "Don't think about it. Just think of it as a get together with a friend. Keep it simple and light." I nod and sip from my beer and turn to the door as it opens. "That's not her." He says. "But this app tells me she's close by." I grip my beer tighter. "And here she is." Rye tells me quietly. I turn around and come eye to eye with my date. Rye tells me she's a model. "You looked different in your profile picture." The fox-faced model claims. "Total waste of time." She turns on her heels and is gone from the bar within seconds. "Hey, come back here!" "Rye, it's ok. I'm not cut out for this." "We'll find you someone." Rye assures me. "And no snotty nosed models." I manage a smile. "Thanks." Rye sets up at the keyboard and plays the few keys. "Want to hear a song?" "Not if it's a sappy love song." I tell him. "Your loss." Rye says and continues to play his tune he's created. A whirl of dark hair and olive skin rushes into the bar. She's short but I know she could make a grown man cry. She talks to Haymitch behind the bar, ordering a drink before she turns in our direction and makes her way towards us drink in hand. "Rye." "Katniss. Thanks for coming down here." "My pleasure." She tells him. "Show me what you've got." She sits her glass down on the table and sets her bag and guitar down. "Katniss this is my brother Peeta." "Nice to meet you Peeta." Katniss replies smiling. S he's beautiful. Stunning. Grey eyes. Olive skin. Long, dark hair braided down her back. "You to." I say and smile at her. "You sticking around for this song?" She asks, sitting down on the stool. "No he's not. He's boycotting anything romantic related." Rye informs her. I narrow my eyes at Rye. "I can maybe stick around for one song." I catch the hint of a smile on Katniss' lips and smile back at her. I learn she's a producer. She's been friends with Rye for a few years now and the two of them have developed a close working relationship. Katniss contracting Rye to write songs for other musicians she's working with. She's also a pretty good singer and guitar player. Rye says her voice makes everyone stop to listen. She disagrees. I buy everyone a round of drinks and the three of us sit around chatting. Katniss loving the song Rye had written for her clueless client. "Peeta just got stood up." Rye tells her. "Shut up Rye." "I'm sorry." "It was a long shot. Rye and Jill are doing it as some sort of favour to me." "Well I hope you find someone." "I don't think I'm cut out for dating." I admit to them both. "Peeta, don't say that." Rye says. "The right one is just around the corner." "Maybe." I shrug. "Rye is right. You'll make anyone fall head over heels for you." Katniss tells me. "I've spent two hours with you and already know you're a great guy." "And there's no skeletons in his closet either." Rye adds. "That's a good thing." Katniss laughs. I sigh and drink from my glass. A drink and a half later, Rye convinces Katniss to join him on stage for an impromptu mini gig. The Thursday night crowd has grown larger for the game and everyone cheers for the live entertainment. "Hi all. This is a bit of an impromptu gig so we apologise for the unorganised nature of our set. We hope you're all having a lovely evening." Katniss says into the microphone with a smile. She owns the stage before she's even opened her mouth to sing. She's got the indie- hippie vibe thing happening and smiles widely before closing her eyes as she focuses on her guitar playing and Rye on the keys. " Please lay a little longer Weight is on my shoulders, holding me down Some days, it can't get much darker Feel it more than ever When you're not around " And Rye is right. She makes everyone stop to listen. " When I think about love, you are right beside me I think about us, you will always find me When my heart is lost, I know that you'll guide me I think about all the little things that still remind me " She looks up at me and smiles and I smile back at her. And I wonder, what are the chances of Katniss Everdeen going on a date with me? Rye bails after their set, Jill summoning him home. "So Peeta, do you have anywhere to be?" She asks with a hopeful smile. I shake my head and order us another drink each. We sit in the back corner with our drinks and sometime during our conversation we begin to relay details of past exes and failed dates. "He was the longest relationship I had. It was the cliché lead singer and the bass player relationship. We dated during the duration of our touring. I caught him in the tour bus with our manager and he told me he had been seeing her on the side." "What a jerk." "Yep so I ended that quickly and left the group, ended up with a producing position and things have been looking up since." "My longest relationship was for about 13 months. I was young still, mid twenties and she was 22. She wanted a lifetime already, house, marriage, 2.5 kids and I still wasn't sure at what I wanted. She broke it off and claimed that I didn't want anything I wanted." "No one knows what they want at 22." Katniss says. "Or 30." I add laughing. "I still don't know what I want." "Me either. Adulthood is hard." I smile. "So she found a guy soon after and she has three kids and is now divorced to that man. She visited me at the bakery and told me he was still a child and had felt pressured into the kids and marriage. She agreed that she started her family too young." "I suppose it works for some people." She says with a shrug of her shoulders. "Worked for my sister. Been with the same guy since high school and they've been married for five years and expecting their second child." She tells me. "But she knew what she wanted in life, always has. I was kind of jealous of her and still kind of am." "It's natural to be jealous of our siblings. I'm kind of jealous of Rye and Jill." "To siblings." She says holding up her glass. "To siblings." I say, clinking our glasses together. We drink, chat and laugh. We laugh at the other patrons, the desperate fifty year man hitting on the twenty year old working the bar, the couple on a blind date almost dry humping each other in the middle of the bar and the two contractors in town scanning the room for someone who they could take home for the night to cheat on their wives with. It's after midnight when we realise the time. "I have to be up at 8." Katniss curses. "Shit, I lost track of time." "Me too." I say. "Sorry." "It wasn't you Peeta. I liked your company for the night. It has been a nice night." "Same for me." I tell her. "Can I walk you home at least?" "That you can do." I carry her guitar across my back and we walk the few blocks to her apartment. We're tipsy but happy, extremely happy. I push my fists into my jean pockets and feel my arm brush against Katniss'. "I want to live a life of no bull shitting and cutting to the chase." She admits to me. "I've tried to live this philosophy and I've pissed a lot of people off with it so I've cut back now and I allow myself to be sucked in and agree to things I don't agree with." "I think being honest is the best way to live." I tell her and she turns to smile at me. We arrive at her apartment block and stand by the door. "Tonight was unexpected but has been one of the best nights I've ever had." She tells me with a shy smile. "Me too. I'm glad I didn't bail at the start of the night." I tell her. "Thanks for keeping me around." "My pleasure." I look upwards towards the building and back at Katniss. "And since I live a life of honesty and cutting to the chase, do you want to do this again sometime?"