8:16am She was running late. The morning had been chaotic. Her alarm didn't go off. She woke half an hour later than usual and realised she didn't have time for breakfast. She had to be in a meeting first thing and she couldn't be late. The bakery across from work would have to do. But she had missed the train and had to drive herself to work, into the city at peak hour. She cursed herself as she drove into the heart of the city, bumper to bumper with all the other cars heading to work. She felt the need to curse everything. She hated Mondays. She hated idiotic drivers and tailgaters. She hated who ever designed the roads and who thought of putting tolls in. She cursed her alarm. She cursed the train. She cursed the meeting she had to conduct. She cursed her friends bachelorette party that cut into her meeting prep. Today was not her day but she didn't realise her day would get a whole lot worse and traffic jams and meetings were the last of her worries. 8:24am Monday mornings were the busiest. The bakery was located in the main pedestrian mall in the CBD of Panem, Victor Place. It was in the main business and finance area of Panem. Three of the major banks and other corporations. And Capitol TV television studio was located across from the bakery. The bakery usually filled with workers, shoppers and tourists. Victor Place was iconic and attracted everyone. And especially since Christmas was the next week, people flocked to see the large Christmas tree, were shopping and the bakery was known for those stopping in to order Christmas treats. He liked being busy, it made the long hours and hard work worth it. The joy of people's faces when they bought cheese buns, or Christmas cookies for their children. It was all worth it. He moved around to the back of the store and checked his phone. Hey, I'm running late. Didn't get to have breakfast could you have a coffee and something for me ready. Traffic is mayhem. I'll message you when I park the car. K. He pockets his phone and goes and gathers his paperwork. The main rush will finish in about half an hour but he knows the staff can manage. He sits himself down in the front of the store like he usually does each Monday to do the paperwork and greets the usual customers and does the roster for the next week. He sips his tea and nods at a customer who sits down at the table across from him. He turns his attention back to the paperwork and tries to get over the strange chill that runs down his back. 8:44am Once she parks the car she shoots through a message and practically powerwalks. She had ten minutes to get to work and get her coffee and breakfast. Her phone sounds in her hand and Prim's name flashes across the screen. "Hey Prim, what's up?" " Hey, just confirming that you'll be picking me up this afternoon at the station." "Peeta will be, I won't be done until 5, and he's going to entertain you until I'm finished. 4 'clock?" " Yep. You alright, you sound puffed?" "I'm running late for work. I'll call you later alright? Text me when you get on the train." " I will. See you later sis." "Bye Prim." She ends the call and navigates her way up the stairs of the carpark and through the CBD to Victor Place. She spies the bakery and powerwalks to the entrance. She steps into the bakery, tables occupied, Peeta gone from his usual spot out the front. "Hey, you made it." She hears and turns to see Peeta. "Come round the back." "I can't. I'm late." She tells him. "Is my order ready?" "Just come around the back." She smiles at the staff at the counter and follows Peeta to the back. Her phone sounds and she reads the text. Annie - Meeting postponed til after lunch. Don't rush here. See you when you get here. "Everything alright?" He asks. She nods with a smile, exhaling. "Meeting has been postponed." "So you do have a minute?" He asks with a smile. She nods with a smile and he pulls her into his office. He hands her a takeaway cup of fresh juice and a paper bag. "You're order, and yes I know you asked for coffee but I know this is better for you, now sit here and breathe and eat." He says pushing her down into the desk chair. She doesn't protest the change of drink, the fresh juice better for her than the coffee and takes a seat, sipping her juice and seeing what he gave her for her breakfast. She takes a bite of the cheese bun and smiles. The two of them had become roommate's years before, he had a room to rent and she needed somewhere to stay. They had known each other since school and found it an easy arrangement. Becoming friends quickly. They settled into a routine of Friday night dinners and movie nights. Doing the dishes and housework. He brought her lunch and coffee and listened to her bitch about work. They weren't dating or romantic with each other, it was a platonic relationship mostly. She still stole his clothes or climbed into his bed when she had nightmares. They were known to walk in on each other when they were in the bathroom and start up a conversation not caring what state of undress they were in. Or even their continuing of conversations with the bathroom door open while one of them used to toilet. She bought his underwear and he bought her tampons. And when their friends stopped by they always shook their heads at their arrangement and were always wondering if it was more than just being close friends. Their friends just didn't know they had slept with each other on numerous occasions, declaring it as helping each other out. Especially after failed dates and failed romances. They just hadn't acknowledged the feelings they had for each other. Or at least she hadn't. "So you're still right to get Prim at 4?" "I sure am. I'll take her to do whatever 16 year old girls like to do." She smiles at him. He loved her sister nearly as much as she did. He didn't have any siblings and didn't know what it was like having a younger sibling. Even if he was twelve years old than Prim he was very protective of her. "Maybe she'll tell you about the boy she's been talking to." She jokes. "There's no way she'll tell me. Remember the last boy I threatened?" He chuckles. "Yeah, she won't be introducing us to anymore of them." Katniss chuckles and sips her coffee. "She's going to ask about us again and she'll continue to ask why we're not together. Are you ready to hear three weeks of questions?" "Sure am." Though since she last had visited something had shifted between the two friends. A big change that was ultimately going to change their lives. "I'm excited to tell her." Katniss tells him sipping her fresh juice. "Me too. She's not going to believe us." A knock sounds at the door and one of the employees, Bristol stands at the doorway. "Sorry Peeta, a customer would like to speak with you." "Ok, did they say what it was about?" "No, he just said it was urgent though." "Ok. Tell him I'll be out in a second." He tells the girl. "You sit here. I'll be back." He kisses the top of her head and leaves the room. 9:03am "Who is it?" He asks Bristol. She points him to the table where a man sits. The same man who he nodded at while he went through his paperwork. He walks out towards him and takes a seat at the table. "Hello, I'm Peeta. I'm the owner. How can I help you?" 9:06am Katniss flicks through her Facebook newsfeed while she eats, footsteps alert her to a worker coming into the office. Bristol looks distressed. "Bristol, what's going on?" She asks, wiping her fingers on the napkin. "I need Peeta's keys." "Why?" She asks standing up. "He says we're closed." "Bristol, what is going on?" Katniss asks the girl, gripping her shoulders. "Peeta just said that everything is OK. To tell everyone to remain calm." Bristol is gone in an instant and Katniss follows her out to the front. Peeta looks pale, almost like he has seen a ghost. He meets her eyes across the room, they are wide and full of worry and she knows everything is wrong. She watches Bristol lock the door with shaky hands and turns her attention to a man. The same man she assumes wanted to speak with Peeta. He holds a shotgun and removes his cap revealing a rebel bandana. "This is an attack. I have a bomb". He declares. 9:44am The staff and customers are lined up at the northern wall of the bakery. Most of them seated out of view. At least one person stands at the windows, facing directly at the Capitol TV building. Their hands pressed to the windows above their heads. Two of them hold up a black flag with the rebel's pledge. Eyes closed. "You." The gunman points his gun at Peeta. "Call the police and tell them the country is under attack." Peeta takes out his phone from his pocket and dials. "Hello, my name is Peeta Mellark. The country is under attack by rebels." He tells them. "Radio bombs are located around the city. Victor Place, Village Quay and Quell Street. I have a gun pointed at me. And that myself and others being held hostage at Mellark's Bakery in Victor's Place." 9:51am "You will be my secretary." He says pointing at Katniss. "You three will make phone calls. I want to speak to the President. I want a rebel flag delivered. I want my demands met. Keep pushing until my demands are met. I want to speak with the President." Frantic phone calls are made and the people at the windows switched around. Peeta stood at the window and made a decision, he would go down with this ship. He wouldn't leave like a coward to save his own skin. He stood and listened to the demands being made. He heard the noises from outside in Victor Place. He heard the sirens of the police arriving at the scene. Ordering evacuations and shouting out orders. And he wondered, how safe was the City of Panem. Three bombs located around the city. Millions of people in the city. He prayed they'd evacuate the day care centre in the floor above. He mostly prayed that Katniss would escape unharmed. "You. What's your name?" He demands. "Delly." "Delly. You work here. You'll take people to the bathroom." He tells her. "Got me?" "Yes." Peeta feels his stomach churn but knows Delly would be the best person. She'd be supportive. She'd do him proud. "Your name. What is your name?" "Katniss." She stutters. "Call the government. Beg to speak to the president." 10:07am "Remember. I have a bomb in my backpack." He warns. Peeta feels the tears form in his eyes. And he listens to the demands being made during the phone calls. He wished he just gave Katniss her order and let her go. At least then she'd be safe. He opens his eyes, peaking outside the windows for a brief moment. And it is chaos. Buildings are being evacuated and police are arriving. Tactical operations arriving and Peeta knows that they are treating this seriously. He closes his eyes and prays because that's the only thing he can think of. 10:55am "Switch." He demands. Katniss looks up and watches as Peeta switches with one of the young workers. Peeta comes and sits down