This story is a little treat for you all. A story of friendship and hope for the birthday girl herself. Happy Birthday to our favourite heroine and a happy mother's day to her as well. This is inspired by a Humans of New York posting. 2016 The promise of spring is in the air after a long winter. The promise of hope lingering in the air. Everyone is in high spirits. Everyone feels as if life can go on. Hope is a powerful thing. We settle on a park bench on the beautiful Sunday afternoon. This had become our routine. A walk through Central Park after lunch. We walk arm in arm and find this park bench and seat ourselves for an hour or so, watching the world pass by. Sometimes we might just sit in silence, read a book but we're in each other's company and that's enough for us. "Excuse me?" We both look up from our books to see a man standing in front of us, a camera strung around his neck and a messenger bag over his shoulder. "Hi, how are you both today?" "Great. And yourself?" Peeta replies. "Good sir." He answers. "My name is Castor and I'm a blogger. I interview people around New York and post them on my blog. I was wondering if I could interview you both? If that's Ok with you." Peeta looks at me and I nod with a smile. "Sure." "You can tell me anything. I just want to find out about those who make up New York City, the real stories from the thousands of people in New York." "I think our grandson might have shown us it." Peeta tells Castor. "You do a good job son." "Thank you." He smiles. "What's your names?" "This is Katniss and I'm Peeta." "And how old are you both?" "I'm 70." Peeta replies. "And I'll be 70 in May." "Mother's day to be specific." Peeta tells him with a smirk. "Anything planned for your birthday?" "I hope he takes me out dancing. We love to go dancing." "You two have kids?" "Five." "Any grandkids?" "Quite a few." Peeta replies with a chuckle. "We'll have 12 by the end of June, two are due within a month of each other." "A big family." "A very big family." I reply reaching out for Peeta's hand. "But we wouldn't change it for the world." I smile at Peeta. "And how long have the two of you been together?" "Two years." Castor looks at us both confused and we smile at him. "You wanted a story, we've got one for you." Peeta tells him with a chuckle. … 1964 She reaches out for my hand and I grip it tightly, letting her pull me through the crowd of screaming girls. The Beatles are in town for the first time and Madge has convinced me to cut class to try and get a look at our crushes. We couldn't have afforded the fare to J.F.K Airport so instead, we've gathered outside of The Plaza Hotel. And maybe our parents might see us on the television and we might get in trouble but for the chance to see the Beatles, it's worth it. They're right up the front of the barricade, Madge having pulled them through to the front. Security holds them back and they wait in anticipation for the musicians. "We should try and sneak into the Ed Sullivan show." Madge whispers. "How?" "Leave it to me." She tells me. Four limousines pull up and security escorts them into the hotel. The crowd surges forward and security pushes them backwards. I reach out as far as I can and touch all four of the Beatles on the arm. "I touched them. Madge I touched them." We scream in delight, along with all the other fans. This would have been the best day in our entire lives so far. Two days later, Madge delivers her promise. She's the daughter of the New York City Mayor, doesn't mean she doesn't hold back or lets fear of tainting her father's image. We dress in our nicest clothes, catch the train downtown and while all the fans wait eagerly outside, Madge leads us both to a back entrance. We watch and wait for a few minutes before making our move. We enter when it's unattended and sneak in, hiding around corners and in hallways. "Ever done anything this wild?" Madge asks in a whisper. I shake my head and smile. "Where to now?" "Dressing rooms?" I smirk and take her head, letting her lead me through the theatre. "How do you know you're way around?" "I've been here a couple of times." "Why couldn't your dad get us in for the show?" "He doesn't want me getting distracted by them. College is coming up you know." "I do." I reply. "He just doesn't understand." We find the dressing rooms; see their names posted on the doors. And freeze. They'll be here, inside of these rooms sooner than later "Hey! What are you girls doing back here?" We turn to see a man walking in our direction. He looks flustered, most likely from the throngs of teenager girls and women outside. I look to Madge to say something and she freezes. "Run." I tell her. We run and try to lose him. "Where are we going?" I ask her. "Just keep running." Two sets of arms grab a hold of us and pull us into a darkened room. It's small and the four of us hide inside, cramped in the space and we hold our breaths as we hear the guy run past our hiding spot. We let out a laugh after our successful getaway and a light is switched on overhead. I look upwards and see Gale Hawthorne looking down at me with a smile. Peeta Mellark is pressed up against Madge. They were both in our grade and the two of them the best of friends who liked to tease us in a friendly matter. Flirting more than teasing. They're nice boys and good looking as well. They had all the girls looking at them. "What are you two doing in here?" Madge asks. "Probably the same reason you two are." Gale replies and grins at me. "You two didn't climb through a window to get in here did you?" "No, a more conventional way." I reply. "Snuck in through the back entrance." "Told ya there was an easier way." Peeta says, hitting Gale. "You made me rip my favorite jeans." "Cry me a river Mellark." Gale shoots back. "Hey, we should probably get out of here, they'll be looking for us." Madge tells us all. "I don't want to have my face on the news." "We'll distract them." Peeta tells us. "And then give you two the sign to haul out of here." "You two would do that for us?" Madge asks. They both nod, grinning at us. Security catches them straight away so they run in the opposite direction, allowing Madge and I to run. And we run in the direction of the dressing rooms. We can hear the screams from outside and know they're inside. And in that instance, we run into the four members of the band. "We love you all so much!" Madge exclaims reaching out for them. They looked a little stunned, confused at us and why we're running around backstage. "Hey! There you two are!" Madge and I look at each other and run for the exit. Farewelling the band members hastily. We finally exit the theatre without being caught and meet the boys around the corner. The two escaped security as well. We laugh until we're breathless and know we'll never forget this day. The boys take us out afterwards for milkshakes and we share a bowl of fries and listen to the music on the jukebox. This was our usual diner, our usual meeting place after school and before dances on a Saturday night. Sae serves us and had grown attached to us kids. We tell her about our day, how we snuck into the theatre and met the members of the band and she laughs along with us. "If only I was 17, I'd be right there beside you all." Despite the threat of the Vietnam War and the city gradually losing men who were volunteering, the spirits were still high. It was the 60's a time for change and freedom. I look across at Peeta, he flits his eyes in my direction and smiles at me before looking at Madge. Maybe this is all we'd get, memories of the Beatles and school. Maybe he'd fall in love with someone else and I'd do the same. Maybe we'd never get the chance to be together. We did date for a brief time during grade 10 but his Mother didn't like me and Papa told me I wasn't allowed to date. We broke it off, despite the pain it brought us and tried to let each other go. " Maybe when we're adults." " Maybe." I replied, tears streaming down my face. "Hey, want to come back to mine to watch the show?" Madge asks. With sodas we watch the Beatles perform. Madge and I sing along, dancing in front of the television together while the boys watch on. … We finish high school in the May and Peeta and Gale are accepted into Columbia University. Both had interests in further education rather than joining the military like some of our classmates had. Madge and I had dreamt of being accepted into Columbia but women weren't accepted into Ivy league colleges. So I enrolled in Parsons School Of Design, undertaking a course in fashion. I had wanted to be a designer since forever and Madge had always encouraged me to apply, especially for my quirky sense of fashion. Madge enrolled in New York University undertaking a law degree. But by the start of the second semester Peeta had enrolled in Parsons undertaking a fine arts degree. Together we ride the train with each other and bond over music, books, and films. We discuss the current issues in society. He tells me he's worried he'll be drafted for the army when he is against this war. He's been to many protest meetings and marches with fellow schoolmates. I tell him my dream of women becoming equal in society, to not be defined by a man and not have to give up my career and life to become a homemaker. Raising my children while my husband goes to work. I want a career, opportunities and to have it all. Peeta tells me I should fight for that, join the movements and fight for my rights. We agree to attend protests with each other on weekends, Peeta happily joining the feminist movement while I happily join the Vietnam protests. Madge and Gale come along with us and we show up baring signs and our passion. Police and anti-protestors push us back but we push forward, continuing to show our disinterest for these current events. At a feminist protest Madge and I stand centre stage, remove our bras from underneath our shirts and burn them in front of our crowd of supporters. Gale and Peeta stand proudly amongst them all, cheering us on. They always take us out after our days out, we go dancing and then gather with our friends in quiet car parks where we drink whisky and gin and dance around bonfires and kiss our boyfriends. Gale would take us all home in his car and we'd sing loudly from the back seat through the streets of the city and our neighbourhood. Peeta will walk Madge to her front door, kiss her at the front, pushing her against the door. Gale would turn to me and kiss me in the back seat, moaning against my mouth for more. Some nights Gale and Peeta would separately drive and in the backseat