Hello! Here is a new story for everyone to enjoy. ALSO...This will have SLASH...if you don't like it, don't read. Disclaimer: I shall never own the great HP and Co. Darkness. It surrounded him, suffocated him. He'd allowed Voldemort to hit him with the killing curse, thus killing the small part of Voldemort that was inside him. Everything happened so fast after that, after Hagrid carried him to the castle, it seemed that the battle started in full swing. Coming forward he battled Voldemort, where it all finally came to an end. Looking down at the pile of robes that had been the most evil wizard, Harry couldn't begin to explain what he was feeling at that moment. Yes, the wizarding world was saved but at what cost? Thinking on all the bodies he had passed, the families grieving, the ones to young to fight. His eyes burned with the prospect of trying to hold back tears as he heard Ron and Hermione call out to him. He started to turn but it appeared to him that the fight with Voldemort has taken more of a toll on him then he thought, as his world turns black and the last thing he can remember is his name being called over and over. The darkness eventually faded and Harry slowly opened his eyes. What awaited him was a seemingly empty white room, he slowly stood up and wondered what happened. He was in such deep thought that when a voice rang out from behind him, he jumped. "Ah Harry Potter…finally I am able to meet you." Harry spun around to find a person wearing a cloak as dark as midnight that covered his face and which meant that this could only be one person. Harry gave a small nod, "Death…how nice to meet you…too. I was under the impression that I would meet you…well at death." Death laughed. "That would normally be true but your time in that world is over." "What do you mean," asked a confused Harry. He wanted to get back and make a life with Ginny, finally have a family. Death sighs as if this is the last conversation he wanted to have but never the less plows on through. "My fellow guardians and I were watching the time stream when we saw something in a different reality very much like this one with a future that can not happen." Harry was even more confused but listened as Death looked at Harry. "Tell me Harry…what do you know of souls?" Harry had to shake his head, he knew next to nothing and wished that Hermione were here to give him some insight. Death gave a nod as if he had been expecting that answer. "When people are born, their soul is the same, no matter what reality that person lives in. However that does not mean they will grow up the same way. People make their lives with the experiences that influence them the most." Harry grew silent. "What does that have to do with me?" He finally spoke up in a quiet voice. Death looked Harry in the eye, "you are the Master of Death and it has always been written that you would achieve this goal. In this reality you used that knowledge for good…but in another…" Harry paled at what Death was implying. "You mean…" Death could only nod, "Yes…you, Harry Potter had become the new Dark Lord, and what's more…this darkness has contaminated your soul." Suddenly images began to play around them, showcasing just how dark Harry had been and it caused Harry to grow faintly sick. Harry grew even more pale as Death continued, "your soul can no longer be considered pure and light. If it continues, soon your soul will be so overrun with evil that it won't get the chance for the after life or rebirth. You'll be doomed to wonder the earth as a mindless, vengeful spirit." Harry clenched his fists and grew determined, "is there a way that I can fix this?" Death smiled and snapped his fingers. They had arrived in what seemed to be a train of some sorts that was going backwards. "I had thought you would say that. This is the time train and will stop at some point and drop you in this new life. However I should warn you…when you arrive in the new reality you will be given a new identity and it will be your task to make sure that Harry Potter remains light." Harry nodded while looking at the window, frowning at the images flying by. He finally turned away unable to look at himself partaking in acts that brought about death and suffering. "Will I know who I am when I stop?" He asked with his eyes closed. Death gave a sly smile, "that will be up to you. A few things before I take my leave of you. The first is that to help you on your task you will keep all your knowledge of your old reality…use it well. Secondly, I have decided to get rid of the Hallows. They are objects that give away too much power and thus I want you to destroy them." Harry winced. That meant destroying his cloak and he wasn't sure he wanted to get rid of that. Death must have sensed his thoughts because he gave Harry a smile, "on second thought…you can keep the cloak but please destroy the others." Harry gave a small nod. Death flashed out and Harry leaned back, thinking on what Death had said. He wondered what his home life was like, Death hadn't said anything so it was Harry's guess. This thought had barely crossed his mind when all of a sudden the train stopped and spit Harry out onto the ground in a flash of light. Harry opened his eyes, blinking the light away. Shaking his head he started to get his bearings. He brought his hands up to his face and inwardly groaned. ' I' m seven … why on earth am I seven again. ' Looking around he saw that he had landed outside of the Leaky Cauldron. He stood up and dusted himself off and went inside. He was about to go and speak with Tom the landlord when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He turned around and looked into the eyes of someone who looked familiar but Harry couldn't place. The man smiled, "whats your name, kid?" Harry inwardly groaned, he hadn't given much thought to his name, when suddenly the right name popped into his head, "Aries." "Well Aries, my name is Frank Longbottom." Of course. Now that he knew his name Harry could see the resemblance to Neville. "Where are your parents?" Tears suddenly came to his eyes and Harry looked down at his feet. "I'm not sure. All I remember is a green light, and mum yelling at me to run away. I closed my eyes and the next thing I know I'm here." Frank frowned, what this child was describing was clearly the work of renegade Death Eaters. Even though their leader was gone, his followers were still out there and causing havoc. He looked down at the young child and took in his features, his hair was black and slightly wavy, and he gasped as he took in the child's eyes. They were a dark blue that Frank knew belonged to only one person, and indeed as Frank continued to glance at the child it was looking more and more like miniature of this person. He wondered how he could have missed that similarity. "You described your mother…what about your father?" Death hadn't seen fit to give him the details of his new life except his mother's name so Harry had no idea. "I have no clue who my father is." Frank drew in a deep breath, if what he was thinking was true then this was none other then Sirius's child. There was only one thing to do. He would have to put off his errands and deal with this instead. He bent down to look in the child's eyes, "well I'm sure we can fix this. For now, we should get you looked at. Let's go to St. Mungo's." They went there without delay. Aries was sitting down on the table when the medi witch came in. She was a petite blond haired women and Aries couldn't help thinking that he knew her from somewhere but he couldn't quite place it. She turned to Frank, "Frank, what are you doing here? I thought you were running errands." Frank smiled at his wife and motioned to Aries on the table, "I found young Aries wondering around with no parents. When I asked him who he was, he couldn't remember anything. I was hoping you could help, Alice." Alice. Of course, he only knew one Alice and that was Neville's mother. So this could only be Alice Longbottom. Aries glanced at the women and could see the resemblance. So Neville's mum worked at St. Mungos, he inwardly smiled and was pleased at the thought that Neville had his parents in this reality. Though thinking about the Longbottoms made him think that his parents were alive here and he tried not to let that thought come through because although he was Harry Potter, he also wasn't and the Lily and James Potter weren't his parents, they were the other Harry's. She gave him a smile, "lets get started then." She waved her wand, and waited for the results. She frowned, "hmm…that's weird." She waved her wand again, and as she hummed again, she must have gotten the same results. Frank noticed as well, "what's the problem, Alice?" She yelped as if she had forgotten he was in the room but explained the issue. "Well…it seems that his father is…" she hesitated…"is Sirius Black and the mother is…was a muggle." Aries took that piece of information in stride, so he was the son of Sirius and a muggle. Frank frowned, "well…that's news," he looked over at Aries, "but now that you mention it, I did notice the characteristics of the Black family. The only question is how will Sirius take this?" Aries inwardly frowned, why would him being here be a problem for Sirius. He decided to play dumb. "Um…do you know this Sirius person?" They both turned to the child on the table, and each one gave Aries smiles that seemed forced. Alice was the one to speak up, "Frank, why don't you go and give Sirius a call." He nodded and then left the room. Alice turned back to Aries, wondering what she should tell the seven year old kid. "Well…" She was interrupted when Frank returned along with Sirius and a pretty blond haired witch that must have been Sirius's wife. Sirius for his part couldn't believe what Frank Longbottom had just told him. One moment he had been at home with his wife and their two children when Frank burst through the floo yelling at Sirius to get his butt over to St. Mungo's. He'd flooed over followed by his wife and it was then that Frank had told him the news, and he was floored. He then had to see for himself, and he rushed to St. Mungo's while his wife followed at a more sedate pace. When the door opened, he was more then floored, he was shocked. It was like going back in time. Aries watched Sirius come forward his eyes never breaking contact. "It's like looking at a mini me." Sirius spoke what everyone was thinking. Aries took a moment to glance at his godfather. He had long black hair, and blue eyes, and Aries could tell that Sirius liked a good laugh. Overall he seemed happier and healthier and Aries silently approved. "Who's the mother?" Marlene asked, glancing over at Alice. She looked at the results, and both Sirius and Remus could tell she