Chapter One A/N: This is a modern Harry Potter AU story started out with a thought 'What would it be like if Voldemort hadn't rose to power until after Harry was already in school at Hogwarts.' So I took that thought and stretched it out into a remarkably detailed story and so many ideas were bouncing around my head that I decided to reward them by putting them on paper. Later I decided to post what I've written. And this is what you get. There are several thing you will notice that seem off. No worries, I'll post another note at the end of the chapter to answer any questions I believe should be answered rather than wait to find out in the story. Edit: I was not happy with how this story sounded so I went back and revamped it better in my opinion. Doesn't matter much I suppose seeing as how this story has- 2 followers? It might have changed since then I'm not sure. Disclaimer: I own nothing that shows within this story. Please support the official release. "Honey please! Just for dinner, it will mean so much to your father if you could come by just for an hour or so." "Mom," Harry sighed into his cell phone as he walked down the crowded street in downtown London, " I'm sorry, the workload has nearly doubled since last semester, and you know how busy last year was for me, and if I want to keep up with my grades I can't let even a second go to waste!" Harry heard his mother giggle from the other line. "Sweetie, you've gotten straight O's in everything so far. I'm certain one hour won't kill you. It might even help. Your old mother was ranked first in the whole school back in Hogwarts you know!" She laughed lightly. Harry let out a slight huff. His mom did have a point. She wasn't known as one of the most intelligent women that he knew for nothing. "I've also been talking to Neville," Harry tensed up at the name of his best friend. What did Neville tell her? "And he said you haven't been taking care of yourself! Honestly Harry, you're not sleeping or eating properly! That's not healthy sweetie!" 'Of all the things to tell her! Jeez Nev! You are trying to get mom to kill me!' Harry silently cursed at his friend's inability to lie when it came to Harry's mom, Lily. To be fair to Neville, his mother did have a very endearing personality. Add that to being a very beautiful woman, and her relatively small stature she was the epitome of loving, adorable mother; And it was more than slightly annoying that even Harry himself could not lie to her when she used her, as Neville affectionally called it, "Mothering Worried Eyes". However, no matter how annoyed Harry got with her for managing to pry the truth out of anything he did, Harry still loved her more than anybody in the world. "Look Mom, I'm about to walk into the flat, I will let you know in an hour if I can. Is that fair?" Harry said, fumbling around for his keys, which was easier said then done with his phone in one hand and his laptop and books in the other. "Of course honey! I will see you tonight at 8! Don't be late!" Lily chirped into the phone. "No-Wait Mom! I didn't-" The click and subsequent dial tone spoke on the end of the conversation. Harry growled in annoyance before shoving his phone in his pocket. She had planned that. Now, there was no way out of it without getting a rather irate phone call from his father and texts from his brother saying that 'Mom's been crying all day, you need to talk to her!' and that was not a situation he felt like dealing with ever again. With his right hand free, it was remarkably easier to grab the right key and shove it into the lock of his apartment. Opening the door, Harry was right away smacked in the face with the smell of food. "Pizza? Again? Really Nev, you couldn't have thought of something a little more-oh I don't know- different?" Harry called to his roommate and best friend, Neville Longbottom. Neville popped his head around the corner with a indignant look smeared on his face. "It wasn't me this time, I swear! I tried telling Bill we had pizza last night but he wouldn't bloody listen!" Neville had been his friend for as long as he could remember. Their mothers had been best friends in school, and while many of their friends had lost contact after school. Lily and Alice had stayed connected to the hip, as it were. So, it was only logical to assume that their sons, who had been born in the same month, (James and Frank were still adamant that the two mothers had schemed together. When asked, they would merely give a coy smile and proceed to change the subject.) would go on to become the greatest of friends. Brothers, even. Yes, Neville and Harry became quite inseparable over the years. However, the duo found a friend their very first day at Hogwarts that. Bill Weasley. Bill was the eldest brother of the red headed Weasley clan. With no more than a "How do you do, I'm Bill!" he had inserted himself into Harry and Neville's friendship, and neither were quick to complain. They became such a close-nit group that they had all decided to attend the same university after Hogwarts. Bill let out a bark of laughter from his place in their living room/kitchen. "If I recall correctly Harry, just yesterday you had said the same thing, and lo and behold you ate it! It's a miracle in itself, I know, but believe it or not if you're hungry enough you will eat whatever is available." "That's right I did eat yesterday didn't I?" Bill eyed Harry curiously and a little suspiciously, as he had just made his way into the room. It wasn't like the young wizard to forget what he had done the day before. Scratch that. It wasn't like Harry to forget anything at all. The man was a walking textbook it seemed like. So to hear Harry so casually announce that he had forgotten something was odd, and not the least bit curious. "Yes you did?" Bill said eyes narrowed. 'Where's he going with this?' "Hmm, yes I do remember eating, so it's rather curious how I get a phone call from my mother telling me that I haven't been 'eating or sleeping properly'. Care to tell me how she happened to come to that conclusion Neville?" He replied, shooting the last remark at his other mate. "Can't say it rings a bell Harry!" Neville laughed out, quelling towards the end when he saw the murderous glare in Harry's eyes. "I might have said you weren't sleeping very well, but I promise you that was all! I didn't say anything about eating! Honest!" Harry's eyes softened slightly. He knew his mom-loved her- but he still wouldn't put it past the conniving witch to twist Neville's words to suit her own needs. "Come now mate, you're mum's just worried for ya, yeah? She's always been like this. At least your mum isn't as bad as mine! Think of that!" Harry let out a sigh, nodded to Bill's words, and proceeded to turn on his heel and head left into his room. The trio's flat was a modest three bedroom affair. As soon as one walked through the door there would be a hall spanning left and right. In the middle of said hall was two doors that housed the bathroom and a bedroom. Left would lead you to a moderately sized bedroom; While right would lead to a bedroom on one side of the hall and a door to the kitchen and sitting area. Nothing too special, unless one was to count the multiple 'odd' trinkets laying everywhere. These objects did things that would have engineers and physicians everywhere pulling there hair out attempting to describe what was happening. However, their investigation would turn out fruitless as the group of friends had a secret. They were wizards. Harry continued to backtrack through the flat to reach his bedroom where he laid his laptop bag on his desk and proceeded to flop down, none to gently, on his bed. It had been a very long day of classes and trekking through UCLM or University City London 'Magi'. Luckily, the weekend brought a much needed break from his 6:00 a.m - 5:00 p.m schedule. Harry swung his arm over to cover his forehead in a vain attempt to quell the growing headache that came from such a long and tiring day. "Now, when did you want to start on that homework from Prof. Engles?" Bill asked from his spot leaning on Harry's doorframe. "Which one the mock test? Or the essay?" "Essay's," Bill was quick to correct him, " Five runes, four pages each, all due by this Monday. Shit, I thought Prof. Abul was messing with us last year, but if anything he downplayed Prof. Engles too much. The man's a bloody slave driver! And we've only had him for two weeks!" "Brilliant." Harry let out a small defeated groan at the info, before sitting up in a more dignified manner. Raising his left arm to glance at his watch he uttered a curse. 'Shit, it's already 6 o'clock. I need to start getting ready so I can just leave here before 8 and not rush myself.' Harry thought with a grimace. Harry let out a shiver at the thought of what his mother would do should he show up late. "Well, I need to go take a shower first, before we do anything. Went to the gym after classes and I can't imagine my body smells like sunshine and roses at the moment." "I was gonna be a good friend and not say anything but..." Bill's voice drifted off to the end, wrinkling his nose. Harry rolled his eyes at his friend before shooting him a glare. "What are you even doing here? Shouldn't you be out snogging one of your 'girlfriends'. "Why would I need to do that? I've got you two dunderheads for that!" "No thanks." Harry stated blandly. Bill grinned before jumping on his friends bed and puckered his lips attempting to claim Harry's. "Bill get the bloody hell off me! Neville! Control your mutt!" "Down boy, don't want to claim little Harrikens first kiss now do ya?" Neville spoke from the hall. "Oi!" Harry sounded indignantly after pushing the redhead of his lap. "I've had loads of kisses!" "Your mum doesn't count." Bill snorted derisively, "Though she would be quite the catch." He said looking thoughtful. Harry sent a dirty look at his mate for even thinking of such a scenario. "Oh don't get so miffed mate. I'm only taking the mickey on ya!" Bill exclaimed throwing his arm around Harry in an exaggerate manner. "So, are you guy's working on homework tonight then?" Neville spoke to Harry, who was currently attempting to pry the energetic red head off of him. "Yeah. Well, I've also got to be at my parent's house by 8 -thanks for that by the way- so I'll have to leave you here with this prat until I get back. How was your classes today?" Neville's eyes brightened has he went into a detailed explanation on his Muggle Herbology Study seminar. "Oh! Prof. Sycamore even brought in a Datura and a Brugmansia for us to study." Neville said finishing his recounting of the class. Bill raised his head and eyebrows at Neville's statement. "Wait. So you just sat there and took notes on a plant? Blimey, we're in the wrong class Harry!" "No need to shout damnit, I'm right here." Harry snarked rubbing