A.N. Hello. So this is my first Drarry fic. It is set in sixth year and I hope you enjoy ? Chapter 1 Rays of moonlight shine through the windowpanes, highlighting his thin, pale face; the colour of his lips are a faded pink, closer to white than red. Three large lashes are torn across the fabric of his shirt, revealing his broken skin, lying lifelessly /on the tiled ground in the pool of water that is now stained with a thick crimson. Water pats rhythmically against the ceramic sink, each drop echoing loudly in this dreadful silence. A silence shattered by broken sobs. FIngers shakily grip onto his wand as he hoarsely whispers incarnations. Useless. Tears roll down his cheeks as he desperately tries to mend the mess he created, his words soon dissolving into pointless apologies that he knows he can't hear yet continues /to repeat himself like a broken record. Over and over again. The blond doesn't respond, his hair matted with sweat and red as he wears the most ironically peaceful expression. "Please..Please.." The boy sobs, his glasses cracked and abandoned less than a metre away from him, but even if he'd been wearing them, they'd be useless. His vision is blurred with tears. "HELP!" 14th October 1996 Sneaking around the school grounds in his invisibility cloak, Harry had his eyes cast down at the Marauder's map, making sure there was nobody tailing him or feet ahead of him. So far, the parchment remained bare of names apart from the two, foot-step-shaped /ink blotches that moved with the banner 'Harry Potter' above them. Harry had been woken by another nightmare that night, the images of last summer's events still fresh in his mind. Bellatrix's cackles still echoed through his head, rattling his skull as he watched Sirius's dead expression fall through the veil, an /image which was now embedded in his mind, still able to feel Lupin's strong grip around his torso as Harry struggled furiously, crying out to his godfather. Voldemort's thin, pale lips curving into his sick twisted smile, telling him that he had /already won, having fooled the boy who lived, seconds away from quenching that strong thirst for revenge. As Harry had woken up panting, a brief moment of panic had tightened his throat as he was unfamiliar with his surroundings, however, the soft snores of his roommates sent waves of relief, sighing as his heart continued to pound heavily, swallowing /thickly. He had tried to get back to sleep, but every time he closed his eyes, those images would flash past the inside of his eyelids, as though they were engraved there, making it impossible for him to ignore. Finally, he had given up, reaching /for his glasses and invisibility cloak, hence resulting in where he was now. There was one place Harry had felt strangely calm in, relaxed as he could allow his thoughts to unravel freely before him. The Great Hall. Yes, it was a rather bizarre location, one which no one would really expect (including harry himself) but the /night he got caught in the owlery by Mrs Norris, ('that bloody cat' according to Ron) and had to escape before Filch found him, he had decided that a cat who prowled around, knowing his usual location wasn't the most comforting thought, spoiling /his somewhat peaceful state. So he came across an unlocked great hall one evening and found it to be perfect. When arriving at the door, he made sure to keep his footsteps as silent as possible, muttering alohomora under his breath and unlocking the door, carefully pushing it open. Once he created a crack wide enough, he slipped through, not bothering to close it behind him, (assuming it'd make too much of a big noise). The hall was bare, the only light being from the millions of enchanted stars that shone from above, slightly illuminating the empty, wooden tables. It always looked so strange, empty like he still wasn't used to it. Walking in, he kept his cloak wrapped tightly around him, placing himself between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables, which, without students, were now completely stripped bare of their identity. He lay himself down onto the stone floor, his father's /cloak draped over him and stared up at the beautifully enchanted sky. Releasing a small sigh of content, Harry allowed himself to stare up, his thoughts absorbed by the countless twinkling stars that gleamed down onto the huge hall, never ceasing to amaze Harry. It was a distraction. A simple distraction that would temporarily drag him away from the harsh reality he was forced to face, and it was those short moments of ignorant bliss that Harry treasured before his mind broke that trance, sobering thoughts /causing him to crash back down. Caught up in his own small bubble, Harry didn't even hear the quiet creak of the huge wooden doors, nor did he hear the faint footsteps that tapped along the stone floor, coming to a halt a table away from him. However, what did break him out of his trance wasn't his own thoughts, but the small sniffle that came a metre away from him. Heart leaping to his throat, he could feel his rib cage tremble with heavy pounds, a small burst of panic shooting through. Shit..I'm going to get caught.. was his first initial thought, staying perfectly still. However, as he turned his head, the sight he was met with next shocked him more than the stars twinkling above him. Removing the cloak from his head, he called /out, his voice rasp, his tone confused and shocked. "Malfoy?" Draco Malfoy. A pureblood with the utmost pride, his name holding seemingly unconditional value, carried down to centuries and had been blessed to be entitled with the Malfoy/Black heritage. A Malfoy, whose only weakness was his own emotions, who only interacted with people of his rich status, whose family were loyal to the Dark Lord…..whose father was sent to rot in Azkaban thanks to that Potter... Draco Malfoy, who had been entrusted with the audacious task of murder to regain the pride his family had lost. He was the chosen one. He had the mark to prove it and there was no going back now. So… why was he here? Draco halted before the entrance of the great hall, teeth sinking into his lower lip as his fingers were tightly clutched around his silky, pyjama sleeve, swallowing thickly at the thought of what was hidden beneath the thin fabric. His previous attempts /were failing..he didn't know what else to do. A couple days ago, he had tried to complete this task, get it out of the way and done with so that he could gain You-Know-Who's loyalty and make his father proud. Yes..the look on his father's face /when he realised that his son was worthy and a true Malfoy was what motivated him. But of course, as per usual, bloody potter got in the way. Again. Sticking his nose in other people's business without a second thought. He could still hear snape's /patronising words as he saw him shortly after the Katie Bell incident. "Your actions were foolish, Draco. Let me help you. You're too young to be dealing with this by yourself." "No. This is my chance. I was chosen, not you." The events were still fresh in mind, only causing anger to boil through his veins. Almost fuming, he released his sleeve, running a shaky hand through his hair, his fingers detangling the loose knots of his bright blond locks. Why did Snape doubt him? He had always been behind Draco, getting in the way, protecting him as though he was Snape's child instead of his father's. He had always tried to upstage Lucius in every way possible, and now that he was in Azkaban, Snape was taking every /opportunity to do so. Although it was handy in the past, for he could've gotten what he wanted with ease, now it was just becoming a burden. I'm sixteen now. I'm not a child. The Dark Lord wouldn't have chosen me if I wasn't capable. Placing his hand back over his forearm, he blindly traced the outline of the dark mark through his sleeve. It was a symbol of pride, of bravery. He had sat /through hours of agony to receive this, to prove that his family weren't a joke. They were practically a laughing stock when his father was sent to Azkaban. But once he succeeded, then he'd see who'd be laughing. So why was he here? That was the question. If he was so capable of doing this, then why couldn't he sleep? It certainly wasn't the excitement, nor was it purely the anger he was faced with. No.. There was something else. Something darker..more chilling. Fear. No. Malfoys didn't feel fear, he had told himself, but he knew it wasn't true. He had failed twice. If he didn't do this quick… He'd suffer. Him and his family. He knew this more than anyone and right now, the fear of death was all he could think about, causing multiple sleepless nights. Placing a hand on the door, he tried to push it open, to find that it already was. Maybe Filch forgot to lock it. He thought to himself before carefully walking in. To his content, it was empty, closing the door slightly so that it wasn't left completely ajar, but still open so that heavy doors wouldn't slam shut. The hall had some sort of tranquillity, a place where he didn't have to worry as much. Laying down /between the two tables, he stared up at the sky. What was he going to do? Everything he had tried, he hadn't succeeded and he knew You-Know-Who was growing even more impatient by the second. At this rate, he'd have to do it face to face but….He didn't think he could. He almost killed someone else. /Someone innocent which wasn't his intention at all. The thought struck fear in his heart, but the consequences of failing scared him even more. And there was no backing out of this now. He was stuck. If he didn't find a way soon…. Without even realising, warm tears rolled down his cheeks, his eyes widening at the sudden dampness, quickly wiping them away, sniffling. No. He was a Malfoy. Malfoys don't cry. It was a sign of weakness. He hadn't failed completely yet. He wasn't /weak. He had to do this. Whether he liked it or not. "Malfoy?" Eyes widening, Draco could feel his heart leap to his throat, almost choking at the terrifyingly familiar voice, but was too quiet, rasp, a tone he had never heard that voice address him with. Turning his head, his eyes locked with the dimly lighted head through the benches of the tables. "Potter.." 'Draco Malfoy' The banner with two footstep-shaped ink blotches following jumped out at Harry as he stared down at the enchanted piece of parchment, hidden under his duvet with his wand illuminating the page. Clenching his jaw, he furrowed his eyebrows. What was /he up to now? Earlier that day, he swore that the Katie Bell incident was because of him. It had to be. He saw him and yet even Ron and Hermione didn't completely believe him. He was up to something. What, he didn't know, but it wasn't good and he had to find out. "Nox," he muttered under his breath, the small ball of light extinguishing. Folding up the parchment, he threw the covers off him, grabbing his invisibility cloak and ignoring his shoes. Everyone was still fast asleep, to his relief, as he snuck out /of the dorm, draping the cloak over him. "Lumos" he whispered under the cloak, unfolding the map as he watched Malfoy, his own name now appearing as his footsteps lead out of the passageway from the common room. Heart beating steadily, Harry ignored the rough feeling of his bare feet against /the frozen, stone floor,