Disclaimer : Nothing is mine, save the plot. Rating : PG Summary : Not all deaths are seen by the eye. Nearing the end of his time, a human king seeks out a friend who is also nearing his. Author's Note : I...am still alive. I think. , By Kasmi Kassim , , At the Shore , , , I find them at the shore, as expected. Or rather, the dwarf stands at the shore, a solid rock among the sweeping dunes. I follow his vigilant eyes to the elf, standing waist-deep in water. The water is shallow, and the elf is far – too far out for the dwarf to follow without drowning. I express my displeasure, and the dwarf shakes his head. "Better leave him be, lad," he says. "It's the most he can get." I push down the ridiculous suspicion that the elf may, in a sudden show of stupidity, choose to stage an impromptu drowning effort. Or attempt to swim to the Undying Lands - whichever ends up killing him first. But the dwarf watches on, his wrinkled face frayed with not apprehension but sorrow. It is unlike him, this defeated look. "You're not worried?" I probe. The dwarf shakes his head. "Has enough on his mind as is." He lets out a long sigh. "Gets afraid I'll drown myself if I start after him." Thus I realize the dwarf had gone after the elf before. Something had happened between them, something that ensured that the elf stay on this side of the sea while the dwarf lingered behind, waiting. "What did he do?" My voice is crisp. The dwarf looks up at me, and lets out a low chuckle. There is no mirth in it. "Nothing crazy yet, lad. Just lost it once and got on his knees." I almost want to groan aloud. I can see it plainly: the elf wading unseeing into the water, lulled by the call of the sea; the dwarf, calling frantically as the elf submerges deeper and deeper – until he hears the dwarf at last, is wracked in agony as he once again surrenders to the call of his dwarven friend, clutching, falling – unseeing, gasping – And the dwarf, tumbling into the waters after him. I should have come sooner. The dwarf dismisses my look of apology. "Not your fault, lad," he says gruffly. But it is. I have ever chastised them for their distance, but I have done the same. The elf, who had ever whispered comfort and courage to my ears, lingering behind, had enabled me to go forward, take command, grow out of his guidance – and after the war, he had left me to my human troubles, and I had forgotten. Forgotten that he, too, may need me. That my laughing friend, gentle teacher, brother in arms, could also fall. Such is the folly of men. "How long has this been happening?" is all I can do. I may be late, but at least I must take it upon myself to know. I had not known; I had not bothered to know. "Since the hobbit lad left," the dwarf answers, and I am stunned. "He's been watching them die, you know." The explanation is a sigh. "The hobbits, the pretty lass, the king…" his voice is back to a mutter, and he is watching the elf again, a speck in the water. "He was there every time. Like it was his mission or something." He pauses. "He knows he will soon lose you too. It pains him." I begin to understand, and the understanding is a terrible one. He had been fighting alone; all this time, in a flourishing forest and unbound journeys, he had been ever waging a terrible battle. For here he stands at this lonely shore, watching, waiting, as the sands of time slip through his fingers – and he continues the fight, shoulders squared, feet planted on this side of the land, and he has no respite from this battle, for the call of the sea is cruel. And to think – after all the battles he had fought for me, it was a dwarf that had kept him company through the years. A dwarf who cannot ride a horse, who cannot bear to be parted from a shiny rock. And this dwarf, this dwarf, had suffered to part from his glittering caves, ride horse after horse, explore mountains and forests – and guard the shore while the elf sank under the weight of solitary despair. And here he would stay, if the whole of heaven tumbled down his head; the dwarf would stand, solid as a rock, until the elf was ready to return at last. Trudge wearily out of the water, smile through soaked hair and smell of salts. And whisper, forgive me, dear Gimli. I look at the elf, whose back is turned to us. His hair dances with the winds, free of warrior plaits. Unbidden, I imagine him disappearing right there and then, as if he had belonged to the salt winds and gray skies all along, and not among us undeserving mortals. For had he not fought enough? Ever strong, ever brave, protecting his mortal friends in war, watching their dying breaths in peace, keeping by their side till the end. And yet – at his end, if ever there shall be one, none of us will be there. I step into the water. The water is shockingly chill. I push onward, and my joints creak in protest against the oncoming waves. The elf is far. Had it always been this way for him? Lingering in my shadow, ever catching me if I should fall. Watching as I turned my back to him and marched forward, marched away, away. The elf is still, despite the waves that push at him, the winds that hurl his hair. I wonder how long he had stood thus. How long he had been watching, ever watching, at this lonely shore. How long he will stand against the oncoming tide as the world passes him by. I reach the elf at last, and stand at his side, slightly behind. He looks different – and then I realize it is I who is different; I have lost my height, and he stands as tall and straight as he ever had. He still looks a warrior, every bit the youth he had been when we hunted and sang together. And it breaks my heart to know that I am old and he remains the same; that in his shielded eyes, grief will thunder like a storm when he looks upon me. At last his head turns a little, and I am given a view of the side of his face. It is unfamiliar, this look; a smooth white porcelain which has never seen laughter or grief. Untouchable in its distant beauty. A deep cry rumbles deep down my chest, and I push it down. I want to hold his hand and weep, gazing upon that face which I had so longed to see and perhaps – perhaps had not sought out, because I would be reduced to this. Because in the presence of his ageless youth, I would be brought back to a younger time, a happier time, and the sorrow would be doubled in contrast to all that had once been. Forgive me, friend, for I am a coward. He tilts his head vaguely in my direction, and I see the point of his eyelashes. "That dwarf," he murmurs dryly. "Never could keep his mouth shut." The melodic voice is ever the beautiful tenor that my ears have never dared to forget. My heart trembles with joy, and my head spins with anxiety. He is silent and still, and I watch him as if my life depended on his next move. I realize how distant he is, and can only murmur: "He worries." He sighs, and shifts at last. "Everyone seems to, these days." The smooth white façade has chipped, and I cling to it by turning to him fully. He turns his head my way, and I am torn between relief and anguish. Those familiar eyes are no longer unreadable slates of blue; they are brimming with tumbling emotion, the troubled look he had held when he occasionally excused himself to languish alone. And come back to me, to support me in times of my anguish. But those eyes now hold none of their vivacious light; under the gray skies, they are subdued, dull. Weathered. The elf has also aged. "You look," I murmur, for lack of a better greeting, "pale." His lips turn upward for a faint smile. His face seems to regain a piece of that youth, but even so, the smile is thin and tired. It makes me wonder if he feels as old as he is. I had never before believed such a thing possible, for such was his joy in life – but now, I am no longer sure. Perhaps he ages like the world around him, and it is to his grief that he cannot end the aging by laying his head down for eternal rest. Living on in a youthful body, feeling old, looking young, as the rest of the world leaves him behind. I long to see that smile again, but it is gone as quickly as it had come. It had ever been a beacon of comfort and hope in my darkest hours – and now I come when he has begun his torturous suffering, standing here with no light to offer, no hope to give. I can only offer him memories, the happiness of the past. "Arwen misses you." His eyes are wandering the shore, seeking out the little dot of a dwarf. "She is well?" he murmurs. What can I say? She has her troubles, as she has her delights. She is still young and beautiful, just as he. She knows that death is coming, just as he, but she has none of his anguish, for she is not lulled by the call of the sea. She has the certainly of knowing that she will follow me in death. She does not stand alone facing a future of loss, having to live on alone after the loss. "She is well," is the answer I settle on. I wait for him to promise to visit again soon, but he does not. My heart trembles with anguish again. He used to visit often – my children would cry out in joy as they saw him ride to the castle; Arwen and I would run out in relief as he rode back with my lost child, having rescued him from the wolves. He would hunt with me, play chess with Arwen, tell stories to the children. They called him Uncle. But as children grew, friends aged, and familiar faces began to disappear, he appeared less and less in court. He stood out, this fair being, as striking as a gem among pebbles, refusing to fade with the beating of the waves. And then he ceased to visit altogether. Perhaps the elf had not so much aged as his mortal friends have aged him. "Do you wish to sail?" My question is abrupt. There is slight movement beneath smooth composure. He tilts his head in my general direction. "What a foolish question," he says wryly. I groan. But I have no one to blame but myself for his forward remarks. His innocence and sincerity were always his charm, but – but. He had changed in more ways than sunken eyes and smooth, unsmiling cheeks. "I have been thinking," I try again. "You have graced the lands with your immortal innocence long enough." His eyes flicker in my direction, sharply. I have his full attention. "There are not many of us left," I say with slow emphasis. "I am next, and then – Gimli will be the last." He watches me, silent. "You