Hello! It is so good to be writing again! Welcome back all my old readers! Your continued support after completion was amazing! Thank you so much! To any new readers, welcome! This is the sequel to 'Clair de Lune'. Whilst it is understandable without reading the first fanfic, I would strongly recommend reading it first! Anyways, get ready for a new fanfic of drama, romance, and, of course; DANCE! Please flick me a review, tell me what you think! So, without further ado: Please review and Enjoy! Angels, Memories, Utpoia, Stand My Ground, Frozen - Within Temptation (yes, I write ballet fanfics to Scandinavian Symphonic Heavy Metal) Clair de Lune - Claude Debussy (because there is simply no other piece like it) Eight o'clock. Eight o'clock and I was still lying in bed. The sun, every day getting weaker as winter crept in, was shining through a split in my curtains, cutting across my cheek and arm. An arm which was looking less toned by the day... I frowned at it, then pushed my covers back. My stomach was still flat, my legs still slender. To most, I would have looked like...well, a ballet dancer. But to me...I felt about as dancer-like as a cow. My neck felt stiff, my posture seemed to be lazy and bent, and I would be lucky if my legs could make it halfway into the splits. I kicked back my comforter a little further. And there was the problem; my ankle. It had been two weeks since Tanya Denali, Force de la Beauté's ex-prima ballerina, had shoved me from my pointe just as I'd been about to go on stage, and still my ankle was weak. It kept turning over just when I was walking down a street or stepping out of a car. I looked like a klutz. Ballet dancers are not meant to look like klutzes. Tanya doesn't look like a klutz... I bit my lip, pushing away the thought, and slowly got up. But Tanya was a total bitch...there's no reason to worry... It was true, Edward had chosen me. Though, he hadn't at first. He was my partnering teacher and a senior, but somehow he'd ended up dancing with me in class, and we'd had some sort of a connection...dancing with him was like nothing I'd ever experienced. But that connection wasn't practical, and Edward had chosen to ignore it. It was only got to New York for an audition for the American Ballet that he realized he would rather have been with me. And so he'd come back...just for me... And a very pissed off Tanya had come too, hell bent on revenge. And that was when she'd pushed me. And that was why I was here, back in Forks with my parents, letting my bones forget their strength and my mind forget its discipline. I sighed, hobbling over to push my curtains back, letting in the day. God, I missed Madam Esme's six thirty wake up calls. I missed the endless staircases. I missed the long hours and the everlasting barre exercises and the boring Ballet History classes. I missed my friends; Eliza and Violet and Ben and Mike and Alice and Jasper and Emmett and Angela – although she too was still gone after her terrible accident. I looked out over the forest which my Dad's house lay next to, watching the sunlight glint on the raindrops still hanging from the branches. And I missed Edward. I missed him in a way in which every time I thought about him – which was a lot – I got an empty feeling in the bottom of my stomach. And it was silly...because, realistically, there was going to be a lot of time without him. He couldn't stay in Senior year forever, and I sure as hell couldn't whip out the skill to skip two years and join him. That was the other problem with my recovery break; it gave me too much time to think about reality. The future. The harsh truths. I had to dance! I was sick of sitting watching life move all around me! I wanted to do what I loved again...because now more than ever, after all my experiences at Force, dancing was my passion...it was a part of me. And I wanted to feel that exhilaration again... I snatched my towel from the floor and hopped my way to the bathroom. My patience was wearing thin... \*\*/*/ When I eventually got myself down to Dad's small but cosy kitchen, Mom was up, shoving a big turkey in the oven. Dad sat at the table, chopping up bits of pumpkin. I smiled from the doorway. At least there was one upside to the whole injury thing; I got see my parents. And better yet, together. All of us in Forks for Thanksgiving. It wasn't a normal thing for Mom and Dad to be in one place together, but because of my recovery it was going to be difficult for me to hop back and forth from Phoenix to Forks and still keep seeing the physio. Neither of them had seen me since I'd started at Force, so Mom had taken a few days leave from her teaching post and had come here. "Morning!" She said, seeing me in the doorway. "Morning," I replied. I had inherited my ballet body from my Mom. She was tall and slim, although the corners of her eyes were crinkled with smile lines, and her hair was messy. She was useless at taking care of herself – she dedicated herself to her students, and that usually ended up with her replacing eating and sleep with assignment marking and extra tutoring. Phil, her new husband, seemed to be taking care of her, though, since she was still in one piece. He'd stayed back in Phoenix, knowing that Mom was going to be fully preoccupied with me. And she certainly was. Now, she helped me into a seat at the table, and then plonked a big plate of eggs and bacon in front of me. "Mom..." I said. "Oh quit fussing!" She clucked, throwing some strawberries into the blender. "Even ballerinas are allowed to eat on Thanksgiving!" I laughed, "But what about ballerinas who've been eating like it's Thanksgiving for two weeks?" Mom shrugged, "You were practising." I grinned and yielded, stabbing a hash brown with my fork. "Just be careful with that blender." "I second that motion," said Dad, looking concernedly at her as Mom tried to fit the lid on. "Oh come on, Charlie," she laughed, "I'm not that bad a cook." Dad and I exchanged conspiratorial glances. "Hey, who's that?" Mom said suddenly, looking out the window. I followed her gaze. A dirty-looking Audi had pulled up outside. I didn't recognize it, but I would know that jet black hair anywhere. As fast as I could, I rushed out of the kitchen, down the corridor and out the door. "Alice!" I shouted as she climbed out of the car. "Bella!" she squealed. She threw her arms around me in a tight hug, despite being so small. "It's so good to see you!" "You too!" I could hardly contain myself. "What are you doing here, Ali'?" "Well, I was driving home for Thanksgiving, but my parents are in Brazil at the moment so it's not like anyone's waiting for me, so I figured I'd come and see you for a wee bit!" "Thanksgiving alone?" I said. "You're kidding – you have to stay with us!" Alice grinned and rolled her eyes, "Well, if it's okay with your folks." "Of course!" I said, spinning around to see Mom and Dad standing on the porch, looking in total surprise at my friend. Actually, I couldn't really blame them. She wasn't in one of her usual glitzy leotards, but Alice was still dressed for attention. Today, the colour scheme was red, yellow and blue. Her bubble skirt was made of layers and layers of tulle, much like a tutu, but each primary coloured layer was trimmed to reveal another one underneath. It was fastened tight around her waist. She wore a fitted black jacket on top, black tights, blue school girl heels and, of course, red leg warmers. Yeah, no wonder Mom and Dad were staring. "Mom, Dad," I said, tugging her with me. "This is Alice, my friend from Force." "It's a pleasure," Mom said, reaching to shake her hand. Dad followed suit, though he quirked an eyebrow at me as he did so. I realized Alice's amazing fashion wasn't the only reason they were surprised – this was probably the most animated they'd seen me since I'd come back. "Mom, can Alice stay for dinner and everything?" I asked excitedly. "She lives in Spokane, but her parents are in Brazil." Mom smiled, "Well, no one should be alone at Thanksgiving, should they?" Alice grinned, "Thank you so much." "But you have to be prepared to eat more than just a Brussels sprout," warned Dad. Alice laughed as they led us inside, "Don't worry, I sneak in a pop tart before every performance." "Seriously?" I said. "Yeah," Alice replied. "Whilst you and Edward are switching states and stealing tutus, Jasper and I are putting our feet up and getting a sugar hit." Mom sat us down at the table and put an identical plate of food in front of Alice. "Ah, so you know the mysterious 'Edward', Alice?" "I do indeed," Alice said, poking her tongue out at me. "So Bella hasn't given you the boyfriend rundown yet?" "Nope," said Dad. "Though we'd love to know." I sighed. I didn't really know why I was so reluctant to tell Mom and Dad the whole story of Edward and me, except that they were both incredibly practical, intelligent people and I seriously doubted that they would approve of such an unrealistic, unreliable relationship. I knew they couldn't disapprove of Edward; he was Prince Charming himself. Actually, I thought with a smile, he has literally been Prince Charming in Cinderella with the Paris Opera. But that was just it – he was far too good for me, ballet-wise. And my parents, loving and protective, wouldn't want me to be with someone who would eventually have to leave me. Who could break my heart... "Well, he's a great guy," Alice said diplomatically. Thank God she was good at reading people. "Where is he right now?" I asked her. "He's not staying at Force, I hope?" I hadn't had as much contact with Edward as we'd wanted – my computer was useless and Edward could only really call once or twice a week. Despite all my worries about our future, I was desperate to see him. Alice shook her head, "No, I think he'd rather be, though; his father's home for once, so he's back in Chicago." She gave me a meaningful look. "Ah," I said, understanding her perfectly. Edward's father had found out very soon after the Review that Edward had lost Tanya and had made an impromptu appearance on stage with some random first year girl who had no standing in the ballet world whatsoever. In a phone call to me, Edward had told me that his father was enraged, but that I shouldn't worry; Edward would protect me. That had hardly done anything for my nerves. I was going to need a bodyguard to face down Anthony Masen? Hardly reassuring... "Your boy's a city dweller, is he?" said Dad. "Yeah," I said, a little thrill shooting up my spine with the words 'your boy'. My boy... "Ugh!" Alice exclaimed dramatically. "You get that same goofy smile he does every time you think of him!" "I do not!" I said. "Do so!" Mom and Alice said in unison. Mom laughed and pointed at Alice with a potato peeler, "I like this girl." "So how'd you end up being at this ballet place, Alice?" asked Dad, simultaneously avoiding his terrible French pronunciation and displaying