Harry Potter is five and she can make flowers open and close in her hands. Harry Potter is five and she can make flowers live months of their lives backwards and forwards in the space of seconds. Harry Potter is five and her magic flows from her blood through her fingers and toes to whatever she touches, because they are conduits she can easily understand. Harry Potter is five and her nose is big for her face. She'll grow into it, says her aunt, Lily grew into it too. Harry Potter is six and she isn't in primary school. Harry Potter is six and she is running in circles in her aunt and uncle's backgarden, swinging on Dudley's broken swing, holding herself up on the snapped rope after unscrewing the broken plastic seat. Her red hair is in a tight braid that she hates because the long end makes her back itch, but only until she pushes magic through her skin and out down her hair like lightning, snapping the tight elastic band that holds the braid together. Harry Potter is seven and she knows her mother's name was Lily and her father's name was James. Harry Potter is seven and she knows her parents names because she has a big nose and she'll grow into it, Lily grew into it too and because she taught herself to read with Dudley's books, a freak like James Potter and all his other freaky friends who knew too much . Harry Potter is seven and she goes to primary school, knowing how to read but making silly mistakes when she speaks because she hasn't had the chance to speak much in her life. Harry Potter is eight and the forest outside Little Whinging is beautiful, full of dark, damp places where her slithering friends live. Harry Potter is eight and she learns more life lessons from a grass snake and then an adder, than she's ever learnt from Petunia or Vernon Dursley. A grass snake is quiet and tells her she's a Speaker and that Speakers should always have respect for the ones they Speak to. An adder eats the grass snake and wraps itself around her neck like a noose, telling her that respect is good and she will do as the adder says or be eaten like the grass snake. Harry Potter is nine and she has no home. Harry Potter is nine and in an office far, far away, a spindly, silver device explodes and sets fire to a cabinet of books. Harry Potter is nine and she is running, sliding across the grass. The adder is afraid and tries to tell her what to do but Harry Potter is a snake and she is the bigger snake. Harry Potter eats the adder and then she slithers across the ground, eating mice and fighting other snakes that all fall to her might. Harry Potter is nine and she is a snake and she is invincible . Harry Potter is nine and she is a snake and she is invincible. A snake is nine and she is invincible. A snake is invincible- A snake is frozen in place, trapped. It is unable to move and is cold. A snake remembers a flower, opening and closing and a power that flows like lightning down red hair to snap an elastic band. A snake is frozen in place, trapped and unable to move, but it remembers a power controlled by belief and a snake believes it is warm, not cold and a power runs through cold blood, warming it. "Now, what do we have here?" Comes a voice, before a stick is run down a snake's spine. "Not a native species of snake to Britain…what type of snake you, I wonder, dear witch or wizard? For you see, my wards sensed an animagus and kept it from running…" and then the stick feels like power , like the power that makes a flower open and close, that makes an elastic band snap and warm a cold snake. The voice says a word the snake does not understand and then the snake is not a snake, the snake- Harry Potter is ten years old and she was a snake. Harry Potter is ten years old and she was a snake . "You're a child," the man says sharply, causing Harry to look up, blinking in confusion, before her vision darkens and she awakens again in a soft bed, confused. I was a snake. Harry Potter is ten years old and she was a snake. "Hello," the same man from before is sitting by her bedside. Harry looks over, frowning deeply in childish puzzlement. The man closes a book, looking at her interestingly. "I am Lucius Malfoy, Lord of this manor. What is your name?" Harry Potter is ten years old and she was a snake – but Harry Potter is ten years old and she knows well enough not to tell strangers the truth. "Adelaide," she lies, voice croaky and surprising. "I like to be called Addy." "Do you have a last name, Addy?" Addy does not have a last name, because Addy is Harry Potter and a character she's making up as she goes. Addy doesn't have a last name and because Harry Potter can't think of one without stealing from someone else, Addy shakes her head. Lucius Malfoy raises an eyebrow. "Well. That is interesting. How long have you been an animagus, Addy?" Harry Potter remembers the man from when she was a snake and Addy thinks for a few seconds, trying to find an answer to how long have you been a snake, Addy? "I've not," Addy answers truthfully. Lucius Malfoy eyes her strangely for a moment, as if her answer doesn't make sense, but then his face changes to one of surprise. "Amazing. Do you mean, you have never not been a snake?" Addy struggles to understand the question. Harry Potter struggles to understand the questions. Addy answers, "I don't know. Where am I?" "You are in my home. My wife and son are having their breakfast, presently." Addy feels her stomach and she doesn't like the feeling. "I'm hungry." Lucius Malfoy stands and holds out a hand. "Then let us eat." Addy thinks of the green snake, eaten by the adder and the adder, whom she ate. Is it my turn to be eaten? I don't want to be eaten! But her mind works fast, because the green snake had been afraid and the adder had been afraid. If I'm afraid, I will be eaten. Addy is unafraid and she pushes her covers away, taking Lucius Malfoy's hand. Once upon a time, a girl with flaming hair was a snake and she stumbled upon Malfoy Manor. She created a person to be and didn't see anything wrong in that, using logic to answer questions truthfully as she could. She dined with silver-haired aristocrats that reminded her of Duchess from The Aristocats , the youngest of the three she ate with asking if the song she hummed was music practice, for arpeggios and scales. Once upon a time, a girl with flaming hair that had been and could be a snake any time she wished begun to live with a family of witches and wizards. She learnt how to write with a quill and how to sit up straight when doing so, under the watchful eye of the Lady, the Lord admonishing her gently when she can't play an instrument like the Little Lordling who eventually orders her, call me your brother, for Merlin's sake, you're my sister! Once upon a time, a girl with flaming hair that can be a snake and has a Little Lordling for a brother and a Lord and Lady for parents truthfully pretended her birthday is in September. In an office inside the manor where she lived, a quill writes down September eighth, adding a random number when the girl doesn't give one – and in Gringotts bank, a waiting enchantment on a contract with the Lord, the Lady and the girl's signatures pens out 7 th month, 8 th day and glows gold. Far, far away, north and then west, a book of names inside a desk, inside a school makes the name Harry Potter disappear in the class of '91, reordering the class of '92 so Adelaide Malfoy can fit under Maisie MacDonald . "I don't want you to go," Addy frets and cries when Draco moves to get on the Hogwarts Express. Draco looks to his parents, but Narcissa is more likely to help Addy stop him from boarding and Lucius loves watching their antics with quiet amusement. Down the platform, a red-headed family with more copper than Addy's auburn is going through a different process, but still one much the same, with an eleven year old boy getting on the Express to the goodbye of his little sister. Later, the next day, Addy will get a letter proclaiming Harry Potter never showed up and she will stare for a long time, wondering if her chance to go to Hogwarts too has slipped away out of her grasp. When reading her brothers letter, she will be in her room and her parents each in their own separate studies and they will have no reason to question her subsequent panic-attack. A house-elf by the name of Dobby, under orders, will not tell them either, even though he is the one to calm her down and convince her not to let the feelings wash over her in the form of a snake – for too long, at least. Harry Potter is Adelaide Malfoy and as she does not want to forget the character she has become by being stupid. Adelaide Malfoy does not stay in the form of a snake for more than ten seconds and runs to her father once she is transformed back, apologising and crying because she knows he said not to. You will lose yourself again, my Adelaide, my serpentine treasure. Do not transform. I nor your mother want to lose you. "I love you," she says afterwards, sniffing and buried in her father's pitch black robes. "And I love you, Addy." He presses a kiss to her forehead before shifting her so that he might use a hand to write, softly singing a lullaby in a foreign language, soothing her into sleep. Narcissa will come in at dinner-time, flustered over Addy's disappearance, but calming again at the sight of her in his lap. Adelaide Malfoy is eleven and she is not a snake. Adelaide Malfoy is eleven and she wants for nothing and there are no rules, not like with the Dursley's. Addy can do anything she wants in Malfoy Manor, so long as she always turns up to her lessons on time and show up for breakfast, lunch, dinner and supper. When Addy was ten and Draco was barely eleven, she saw him get upset after his broom was taken away for flying without permission. Addy didn't understand and she still doesn't – he never had permission to fly, so why did he fly? Freedom , a snake from the garden tells her when she is eleven and tending to the magical roses beneath her window that she planted herself. He did what he wanted without asking. But I do that all the time. I came out here to tend to my roses. How can it be freedom if he gets in trouble for it? Your nest-mate had a choice given to him. He used his freedom to take the wrong choice. Addy thinks more on what the snake said and makes a habit of talking to it when she tends her roses. The snake isn't like the grass snake or the adder – it doesn't tell her to respect snakes like the grass snake, or to do as it says and face the consequences if you don't, like the adder. The snake in the roses