Forced What if the riders of Rohan weren't around to save Merry and Pippin? Obviously I do not own "The lord of the rings". A beautiful sun was rising over the meagre landscape of Rohan. The grass started glistening with morning dew, sparkling with a strange beauty that wouldn't fit into the empty area. If he were at home in the Shire, Pippin would pause and just watch for a while. Now he didn't even notice it. He had a bad headache and all he wanted was sleep. Sleep and second breakfast. Not that the fist one deserved to be called a breakfast, for it was only some foul bread and sour tasting water. But he was getting used to it. As sad as it was. It had been three days now since the orcs and uruks had gotten in a fight. Now there wasn't even half the number of orcs left than it had been before. Pippin didn't feel sorry for them. He even enjoyed the fact that the orc who wanted to eat Merry and him would never see another sunrise. The uruks had run for over three hours straight now and the hobbit was getting uncomfortable. Pippin still felt his injuries stabbing him like knifes. He dared not to make a sound of discomfort though because the first time he did so, he was silenced immediately by a rock hard fist punching him in his stomach. So he just bit back his tears as his hurt leg was pressed against the back of the uruk carrying him. At least that gave him something to do. Kind of a cold comfort, wasn't it? The only reason he stuck through this was Merry. The thought that he wasn't alone to face the enemies made him feel safe. As long as Merry was there, there was still hope. Long ago Pippin had realized what he felt for his cousin. It wasn't only friendship, he was in love with Merry. And he loved him more than anybody else. All the feelings he had felt for other girls or boys before combined were nothing compared to these emotions. Merry was the first he really loved. The first he wanted to be with forever. The first he would die for. But it was impossible. Merry didn't feel the same for him. And he was his cousin after all, not to mention what their parents would say. He had to accept the fact that it would never happen. But this wasn't the right time to think about such things. He couldn't risk being depressed on an orc's back in the land of the enemy, where he had to focus on what was going on. Suddenly the orcs halted as if someone had given a silent command. One of them sniffed as he bobbed his head around. "No humans?", another orc asked hopefully and got a knock on the head for interrupting the scene. There was expectant silence in the air. Pippin perked up his ears, too. The sniffing orc looked the leader straight in the eye and grunted: "No humans." Pippins heart dropped. A noise of triumph rose in the crowd. "Get going, maggots! No time to waste! Hurry!" They ran for what felt like an eternity. Finally the orks came to a stop and the uruk-hai carrying Pippin let him fall to the ground. He nearly cried out as his bad leg came into contact with the hard ground, but he forced himself silent. Pippin lay still for a few more minutes, just to be sure that the orcs didn't pay much attention to him anymore. Then he slowly crawled to the other little bundle lying in the dirt, ignoring the pain that shot through his leg the best he could. "Merry?" His best friend opened his eyes wearily but managed a small smile when he saw it was Pippin. "Hey Pip." "You alright?" Merry laughed shakily. "I guess it's pretty obvious." He coughed badly. Pippin managed to get out of his cloak and pulled it over Merry's body. "Hey, what are you doing?", Merry protested. "Keeping you warm." "But now you 're cold!" "I don't care. You're ill. And you can't argue with me like that, believe me." His eyes twinkled, but he looked somewhat dead serious. Merry was taken aback by that look on Pippin's face for he had never seen it before. He shook his head. "But..." "No. Sleep now, dear Merry. Dream of the Shire and better days." With that Pippin lay down next to Merry and quickly fell asleep, trying his hardest not to shiver. Merry on the contrary was too confused to sleep. How come Pip behaved like an adult? When did he grow up? He had expected Pippin to seek his comfort as he crawled towards him and now he had come to look after him? This wasn't right. Merry was supposed to be the strong one. With a resolute gesture he put the cloak over Pippin's shoulders again and fell asleep after a long time of thinking about how times had changed. The next morning began with rough hands on their shoulders and harsh voices. "Wake up maggots." Pippin stirred in his sleep and groaned. "What?" The orc punched him hard and Pippin gasped. "Hurry up rascal or you'll get more of this." Pippin climbed to his feet as fast as he could, pulling and supporting Merry to do the same thing. The orc looked at him in a strange manner as he did, but the hobbit wasn't punished. Pippin couldn't help wondering why. Finally he was being thrown over an armed shoulder again and the journey went on. His sorrow for Merry was growing with every step they took. How long would he be able to fight his disease? And when he couldn't any more, what would happen to him? How badly was he injured? Was he going to die? Questions spun around in Pippin's mind as the seconds became minutes, the hours became ages. Pippin felt old and worn but at the same time so vulnerable and childishly afraid. Please let it be over soon , he pleaded in his mind. Please let this pass. Suddenly the shadow in the East, that they had seen for a few days now, was hovering right over them. Pippin was shocked, when had it come so close? He couldn't see the sun any more, it was hidden under the dark clouds. He looked over to Merry who stared at the sky in horror. Pippin's heart was filled with grief. Now that he saw this , he was sure they wouldn't see the Shire nor their friends of the fellowship again. No Frodo. No Sam. No Strider. They were alone. Merry turned towards him, face hard and sad. Merry knew. "Come on, there's still a long way to go. Hurry!" Seemed as if "hurry" was the only word the orcs knew, Pippin thought grimly. No time to mourn. No mercy. The little hobbit closed his eyes and a single tear ran down his cheek. Please let it pass, please set us free. "Get in there! Hurry! Hurry!" The orks ran faster as they arrived at the black gate, pushed by their leader. Pippin stared against his will awestruck at the trolls who unclenched the heavy metal chains so the big doors swung open. No turn back , he thought, we're caught. The uruk-hai shouted in victory as they passed the orcs guarding the gate. Some of them poked Pippin's ribs or shouted at him, but he ignored it. Shall they have their fun, none of his business. He looked up into the sky and - … dear god. There he was. The ruler. The tyrant. Sauron. A great eye, encircled by raging flames of red and orange shaded fire. And he looked at him . Not only looking, he was stabbing Pippin with his gaze, staring right into his heart, finding weakness. And suddenly the hobbit was surrounded by darkness and he was talking to him in his mind. A hobbit. His voice was terrifying. It sounded like the Nazgúl, like Saruman, like all the orcs combined in their evilness. Finally! I thought I'd never see the day. What's your name? Pippin didn't answer. He only looked paralysed by fear into the great eye, which seemed to consume his whole being. Then there was pain. Pippin squirmed and quivered on the orc's back. He didn't hear Merry scream his name in horror. I'm waiting for an answer. What is your name? Sauron sounded as calm as he had before. "P... Peregrin Tuc", Pippin gasped in his mind. Aah, Peregrin. We're gonna have some fun together, the two of us. And before you ask, yes, you may bring your friend, too. Pippin could nearly feel Sauron smiling in his head. We can have a little small talk for a while. Then Sauron was gone from his mind. Pippin remained breathing heavily. The orc next to him grinned at him in a disgusting way. "Had a little talk, eh?" "None of your business.", Pippin snapped without a second thought. The orc slapped him immediately. "How dare you!", the orc screamed furiously and the whole company stopped, watching the scene. He grabbed Pippin from the uruk-hai's back and let him fall to the ground. Pippin winced in pain. "You need to learn some respect rascal and I'll be the one to teach you." With that he took a whip, ripped the hobbit's shirt apart and struck Pippin on his shoulder blades. Paralysed by his shock he just stared wide-eyed at the ground in front of him. He hadn't expected such punishment. The pain hit him hard as the second blow came. It felt like his flesh was being ripped off by the hard leather. He screamed in pain and tears ran down his cheeks, which seemed to incite the orc to double his effort. The next whip hit his lower back, the following his spine. The pain went on for twenty whips. Pippin sobbed and screamed helplessly and vomited weakly when it was over. The brutal orc gave him a final and not all to gentle slap on his bleeding back. "Hope now you know where your place is maggot." The orcs all around laughed as Pippin tried to get up only to be pushed onto his abdomen again. "Merry", he whispered under his breath. "Where are you? I need you." But Merry wasn't there. It wasn't an hour later that Pippin was thrown into a cold, dark room. The laughing orcs slammed the door shut and walked away with firm steps. Silence. Silence and dull pain on his back. That was all that was left for him. Where was he? Pippin clumsily got to his feet. Being bereft of his sight by the darkness, he could only feel around to get an impression of his surroundings. There was nothing. Only naked walls and a locked door. Pippin slowly slipped to the ground, taking care not to put pressure on his injured back. But it still hurt like hell. Where was Merry? He hadn't seen him since that moment just before he was whipped. Was he somewhere near this room? Maybe right next to him? Or had he been taken somewhere else? Only the thought of that made Pippin groan in frustration. He had to get out of here. He had to find Merry. The hobbit was surprised at how soon the door opened again. Orcs grabbed Pippin by his collar and dragged him along empty floors, lit up by only a few flambeaus. He stumbled across the cold floor, trying not to fall over. The orcs seemed to have a lot of fun pulling his collar, watching as he tripped and beating him for doing just that. They laughed and cheered as they handled the poor hobbit, whose whole body ached, like a puppet. Pippin already felt new bruises from the rough treatment forming and tears stinging in his