The sun shines into the room letting me know that I was supposed to already be up helping my mother hunt today. Why she always suggested that I help her go out and hunt was beyond me, she said that it teaches us life lessons and I seemed to have a knack with a bow. We always had enough to eat, but others weren't so lucky so I understood why my mother continued to go out and hunt for them but today all I wanted to do was sleep. Today was the day of the reaping, which meant that I was to go and watch to see which child was to be taken from their parents and sent to get slaughtered in the Arena. My parents like to tell me that it is never going to be me because I don't put my name in for the tesserae, which is true but there have been times that the children that get called are not ones that put their name in the tesserae and that is what scares me the most. I notice my dress is already out and waiting for me to put on but I don't, I don't want it to get dirty, my father like to drag in soot from the mines and I rather not have coal all over me if I visit the Capitol. Today is daunting, I know my name will be called, I know that I will have to go to the Capitol. How? There is this gnawing feeling that I keep getting when I think about anything. But none of that matters, I have to get breakfast ready so I can eat and go meet my mother, I check the time and it's eleven o'clock, I have a little time to see the people I want to see and say goodbye to my parents even though they won't accept it. I put on the boots that are waiting for me at the door and start the day that I have been regretting. I get to the meadow and notice that my mother is already coming back from the trip, her bag is filled to the brim with dead squirrels and other little fury animals, which comes to no surprise to me. "Sorry! I guess I didn't hear the alarm," I walk over to her and take the bag. "It's alright. I turned it off before it woke you this morning. Did you see the dress?" She smiles down at me. "I did! It's beautiful but..." I looked down. "What's wrong Prim?" She gave me a look. "I don't want to wear it... I might get it dirty," I say shrugging. "You won't get it dirty. You won't be in it that long," she said pulling me to her oh if she knew what feeling I had today. We walk to the Hob and sell everything, my mother then hands the coins to the baker and it makes me question her once again. It's not as though we need the money but it's as though he needs it either, it's always been a thing she did and when my father found out he yelled at her and told her to stop but she hasn't. She looks over at me and tells me not to tell, I smile and nod my head, I hate it when my parent's fight so keeping secrets is an easy thing for me now. She looks at the clock on the baker's wall and it's already twelve thirty and now she's rushing me back home so I can get dressed. We both walk in the house, take off our boots and head up the stairs so we can get dressed, she hates dresses but she wears one for the reaping every year. I am dressed first, I know this because I am down in the kitchen before she is, I want to tell her that I am afraid but that won't do any good because she doesn't want to believe that I can be called. She comes down with two pairs of heels in her and I sigh, though I am better in them than she is I still hate those things with a passion. "Can't I just not go today?" I ask my mother, my voice a little on the pleading side but I'm getting anywhere. "The reaping is a must. You know this Prim," her voice is small and low like she is trying to hide our conversation. But I can't help to blurt out what if they call my name and she turns to look at me with serious eyes and a tear falls from mine unexpectedly. "Primrose Hawthorne, you've only had your name in the running for two years. The odds are in your favor, I promise you." She leans over and kisses my forehead. "Since when has that ever mattered?" I say under my breath but I know she hears me. "Prim..." She tries. "No mom... I'm scared, I can't do what you did... I don't think I can be that strong," I explain to her. Katniss Everdeen, that name that sends chills through people's spines, the name that means victory and rebellion. The name that I know so well, the name of my mother. Though it is said that she was the one that started the rebellion, the Capitol let her live claiming that she was had no clue as to what those people were doing to her. They erased the rebellion from history and only talked about it so they could belittle any person that thought about it. This year is the 90th anniversary and the Capitol is pushing this more than my mother it should be, this year feels off somehow but I can't explain it. My father walks in and I smile, he walks over to my mother and gives her a small kiss on the forehead and then looks to me with a really big grin on his face. I survey the scene and noticed that every movement between them is strained today, my mother looks extremely uncomfortable and I can tell she's nervous, and so she should be. I walk over to my father and hug him, though my dress now has soot on it I hold to the security I feel when he is around, my thoughts keep telling me to savor this moment for some reason and I hate it. I am not this way at all during reaping times. I look up and see his dark hair trying to grow out over his eyes. I smile, they call me the black sheep of the family because I do not have their hair color nor their eyes color for that matter. I'm blonde with green-blue eyes, my father says my eyes remind him of the lake water in the forest outside of the fence. "What's the matter Prim?" He turns his head to the side like he's asking a question with his head. "Nothing..." I part away from him. "I have to go shake out my dress I'll be down quick," I say and run out of the kitchen but stop when I hear my mother's voice. "She thinks they are going to call her name Gale," she tells him. "We haven't let her put her name in for the tesserae, she won't be called since she only has two name cards in there. Why in the world would she think that?" He asked. "I don't know but Gale... Prim knew the day she got picked... I don't want her to go... I don't want them to take her away from me," it sounded like tears were falling from her eyes. "She has to go catnip," he saying laughing, I hear him take one step toward her. "What if they call her name?" She whispers. "The odds..." He couldn't finish that sentence. I walked to my room, really not wanting to hear the rest of that conversation, I shake out the dress for a minute and fight to get it back on, dresses are a hassle. I look over at my desk and notice the red ribbon that my father got me on my birthday last year and I tie my hair up with it, I survey my looks in the mirror and smile, at least I will look alright if I go to the Capitol today. I rush back to the kitchen, they both greet me with a smile, my father asks if I'm ready and then we are off just like that. I walked holding my dad's hand, I wanted to close my eyes and be at home with this day over but when I opened them we were still walking the street. We get there and they both kiss me on I walk over to the area for the fourteen year old girls, I breathe in and close my eyes. I watch the screen, I watch the old District 2 winner from last year prance around in his glory and I hear one heel clicking and I know who steeps up to the plate, it was said that Effie Trinket was supposed to be dead but the Capitol let her live once they found out she honestly had nothing to do with the rebellion. She smiles and starts out the normal routine, she then walks over to the girls bowl, I guess you could call it, and reaches in for a name. My stomach is in knots, I want to breathe but I can't and I try to keep my breakfast down. She smiled and then looks at the card, her head tilts to the side like she knows the name and then she reads it off. "Primrose Hawthorne," she smiles and I hear a no from a woman's voice behind me. I walk over to the peacekeepers and the pull me out of the crowd, I hear my mother's voice over and over again and at this point it is like white noise, all I want to do is go back to sleep and this be a dream like the one I had last night. Effie takes my hand and helps me up the stairs, she smiles at me but it isn't one of her usual smiles, it's filled with sadness because she now knows who I am. I am the daughter of the only living survivor of District 12, the one woman that Effie Trinket knew so well. They call out a boy's name but I am to fazed to even hear it but I know his face, I don't like the boy and that is something seems brings me back, I could careless for the boy that stands next to me which is good because that means it won't be as hard killing him. That sounds barbaric in my head but I know that is the way that I am going to have to start thinking like if I want to live, no friends, no caring, nothing just plain barbaric nature. Everything ends and I heard my mother trying to get into the building, she's loud and that's a plus but she's also hysteric. They put me in a room, it strange and it's quiet. I'm just waiting here, for what I have no clue but I know that my parents get to say good bye and I know that I am going to cry over and over because I knew this was going to happen. I door jolts open and I see my mother, she's standing there looking at me with tears in her eyes, I almost run at her at full speed but I refrain, she pulls me into a hug. "You are going to come back... They won't let me mentor you because you are my daughter. The career tributes are the worst, don't fight them they will kill you... Hide and stay alive. Find water and please stay alive." She was becoming more hysteric by the minute.