A/N: Few words – this is what happens when you are freaking out 'cause school starts, you are feeling like yeti in summer, and you are bored to death. This will probably be in two or three parts and I am only posting the first part as an experiment. If it's not worth it, I won't post the rest of it though I am totally determined to finish it. Also, it is m/m pairing (Glorfindel / Erestor, I know a lot has been written on these two but they are my favourite so…). This means, if you don't like m/m pairings, don't read ! Anything else? Oh yes, I usually think of my own headings for the works I write but I decided this one will be an exception, so the title is of one of Enya's songs - Only time. Listen to it, it's a wonderful song. I honestly have no idea why I am wasting my time in rambling when I don't think this will be read. Anyway, if you do, please leave a review! Just so I would find out my mistakes, and you know, things like that... Disclaimer: Middle Earth and characters you recognize do NOT belong to me. They belong to Tolkien! Only Time First Part Lord Glorfindel made his way through the halls of the Last Homely House to the office of Lord Erestor. The blond wasn't quite in the mood of another verbal fight with the Chief Counselor, or actually, nor with Lord Elrond. The fact he was annoyed from his distraction (because losing a fight from a trainee was a distraction) wasn't helping either. The door near the entrance of the hall leading to the library, was actually the door to Erestor's office and was soon to be blown away by something shining and angry. Glorfindel managed to get to the office without accidentally murdering an elf or two, and when the door was in fact opened (not blown away),the blond lord could see inside both the advisor Erestor and lord Elrond. "Mae govannen, Glorfindel. We were just discussing what else needs to be done for our warriors," greeted Erestor, not paying any attention to Glorfindel's mood while observing a map sprawled on his desk. Elrond, on the other hand, held his gaze upon the warrior with a mere curiosity. Glorfindel, who could rarely be seen in a foul mood even if there was a cause for one, now stood before them, annoyance flashing in his eyes with no obvious cause. The Balrog Slayer met his lord's eyes and suddenly felt the urge to hit something. He knew he wouldn't be able to hide himself from the stare of lord Elrond but still – he had his hopes. He wished he could vanish right there and then and Erestor was not making things easier. The advisor felt the tension in the air around him and lifted his eyes towards Glorfindel. The Seneschal was still standing at the door, throwing flames at the two dark-haired elves. Erestor lifted an eyebrow and mentally sighed. He hated when the warrior was in no good mood because usually the blond one held the counselor responsible – whether because Erestor had frowned and thus ruined the beautiful warm day, or because he had interrupted one especially funny story about Glorfindel and the twins by shouting at the reborn one for not doing his paper work correctly or not doing it at all, and other ridiculous cases resembling these. The advisor would have understood if Glorfindel was acting like this all the time but why, for example, was he always cheerful and smiling, and joking when talking to others? Once, he even managed to make Elladan laugh which was more than a difficult job, it was barely possible when the twin wasn't in the mood. So now Glorfindel stood in front of them, clothes – dirty, hair – tangled, and expression – a cloudy mixture of feelings. "What has happened, my friend?" asked Elrond in a what-now kind of voice. Glorfindel huffed and made his way to one of the soft chairs near the desk where he placed himself not that gracefully. "I just don't see the point in attending those discussions, my lord," he said though it was hard even for him to believe his words. "Glorfindel, you know we are discussing the well-being of your men. You should play a part in it, especially that you know best what they feel, and need…" started Erestor but was interrupted by the blond: "They feel exhausted and they need their families. They need their warm bed and loving wives. They need their children's laughter and the taste of a well cooked lunch. They want these sudden patrols and sleepless nights spend in watches to come to an end. Can you blame them?" Glorfindel frowned at the two elves in front of him. Elrond nodded. "I think lord Glorfindel is right," he said. "I think we should divide the warriors in few separate patrols. Each patrol has its… work-time." "This is a good idea," Glorfindel said calmly and they both looked at Erestor. The advisor nodded in agreement. "It is settled then." He leant forward at the desk taking the quill, his ebony hair brushing against the dark surface of the furniture, his hand writing gracefully at the peace of parchment. His skin was so delicate, shining like an untouched pure snow under the loving sun. And it made such a contrast with his hair and eyes, yet it was not an unpleasant contrast. You could stare for hours at him like he was one of the finest art you have ever seen. "You are free, lord Glorfindel. The other discussions are far more… boring for you," said Erestor after finishing what he was writing. Glorfindel could smell the slight tease in the other's voice like he could smell the scent of the flowers in spring. "Yes, my friend, you are free for today. Go and get some rest…" joined in Elrond, his voice serious to the last syllable and tone unlike his advisor. The two dark-haired elves started debating over something Glorfindel missed to hear. He hesitated whether to leave, out of a pure stubbornness, he wanted to show Erestor he actually liked discussing matters concerning Imladris. But then his body screamed its' objections and the blond soon found himself walking back the halls to his chambers. #o# Erestor expected to see the blond warrior at dinner but he didn't show up. Elrond presumed he was overly tired with the disorder of the patrols. The thing is, Imladris had never before been in such a close threat thus patrols and night-watches had been given to whoever was the closest. This usually included Glorfindel. The last patrol, for example, had taken a week and something, with a little more than not enough preparations. Glorfindel had no time in resting for he had to attend the trainings back home. "I can stop by his chambers and bring him food and drink. My chambers are next to his anyway. It wouldn't be a problem," suggested Erestor to the dining Elrond. The lord of Imladris smiled thankfully and said: "I would very much appreciate that." #o# As soon as Glorfindel had found himself in his rooms, he immediately headed for the bathroom. After taking a long and relaxing bath, he snuggled among the white sheets of his bed and lost himself in dreams. When the golden warrior woke up, the first thing to see was a whole waterfall of falling dark locks. Just like Erestor's. Glorfindel blinked several times but the locks were still there. He blinked one last time and the image of the advisor setting a plate of food and drink on the table near the bed, filled the blond's mind. He immediately sat up on the bed and looked at the startled eyes of Erestor. "You have to excuse me, my friend. I had no intentions in waking you up. You just missed dinner and I suggested bringing you some food," started to explain the dark-haired. Glorfindel only smiled and yawned, stretching his stiffened muscles. "Do not worry, advisor," said in a friendly voice the host. "Will you join me? I do not believe I could finish that plate alone. It is pretty big…" "I might do so. I haven't had much of a dinner this evening," smiled Erestor. "Good…" The two of them moved the plate with food and drink to the living-room, in front of the fireplace. It was autumn, and autumn nights in Imladris could be cold enough. The first few minutes went in silence, eating and drinking but then Glorfindel got tired of staring everywhere else but Erestor, and said: "You know what? I cannot comprehend one thing – why do you always confront me at the councils and in front of others, but when we are left alone, it is almost like you enjoy my company?" Glorfindel really meant what he had said. The question in his eyes could not be passed as something else and it seemed he really wanted an honest answer. Erestor though looked startled. "If I have ever confronted you, it had been unintentionally. I have never wanted to leave such an impression in you." The dark brows were so high up that it almost made Glorfindel laugh. "And yes, I do indeed enjoy your company. 'Tis…refreshing." This time Glorfindel laughed. "Refreshing?" The blue eyes lit up from the fire of entertainment that touched even the emotionless dark eyes of the councilor. "Honestly, they have called my company from entertaining to a total disaster but refreshing?" Glorfindel continued laughing under the shining stare of lord Erestor. "Next time, I will make sure my answer is far shorter," said calmly Erestor which silenced the blond though he couldn't back off the small smile. "Oh please, my friend, do not get upset. I didn't want to insult you in any way." "I know, Fin," smiled Erestor and leant forward to the table to pour himself a glass of wine. His hair flew freely once again much like it did earlier in his office. Capturing the faint glow of the flames in the fireplace, it had captured something else as well – Glorfindel's heart. So beautiful was he – cold in the eyes of those who knew him not, the best tutor who Elrond's children could have had, the best friend Glorfindel could have had. Even those outbursts of anger between them were caused by love and affection not hate and disrespect. Yet no one in Imladris has ever seen a male loving another male in a way like a husband would love his wife, and novelties were hard to accept among elves. Besides, how was Glorfindel sure that Erestor would return the feelings? The blond was certain a day would come, in which the warrior could hide his feelings no more, and yet… Did he have the strength and courage to risk losing not only his love but also a dearest friend? "Glorfindel? Fin? Are you here?" asked a suspicious Erestor. "You looked distracted." "I was," said Glorfindel and, deciding to forestall the next question, added: "By you." Erestor raised an eyebrow like he always did in cases of confusion and annoyance. "By me?" he asked. Glorfindel smiled and leant slightly forward. "Yes, by you." "And what have I done to distract you so?" "Not you. Your perfection," answered seriously Fin. Erestor looked stunned for a moment before dropping his gaze to the glass of wine in his hand. "My perfection…" murmured the advisor. "Please, Res, don't make this harder," pleaded the blond. "Just let me say what I have to say and I promise I will leave you alone. I just can bare no more being distracted every day, every night, and every breath I take. Will you allow me to explain?" Erestor looked at the warm blue eyes of the warrior in front. Glory in flesh and blood. That was