Disclaimer: I dos not own Harry Potter, or anything franchises, really. Some of the ideas in here I also don't own. Anything you DON'T recognize, I might own. A thousand years ago, in the heart of Hogwarts, Rowena Ravenclaw stared at the vat of potion before her, thinking. Unbeknownst to her friends and family, Rowena had encountered an Oracle, one who spoke of the distant future. It seemed that much of her knowledge, much of their knowledge, was to be lost when a great dark lord would rise and truly threaten Hogwarts. The raven-haired founder stared at the potion. It would do fantastic things to the drinker, but would leave them unrecognizable to those that knew them. Knowing it would be but half an hour before it was done, she conjured up a copy of her own body and left it on the bed. She knew faking her death was illogical, but, something told her it was best for Rowena Ravenclaw to disappear from the world in order to enact this grand scheme. So it was, hours later, when Helga Hufflepuff discovered the death of the her friend. -HPTSOG- Harry James Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, sat in utter silence. His last few days at Diagon Alley, due to his abandoning the Dursley home, had left him contemplating many things about himself and his education. The room wasn't very nice, but it was suitably good enough for him to live in for a time. Tom, the bartender, had also given him a discount for being, well, Harry bloody Potter. That was a perk, albeit a minor one, about being famous. Things were usually given to him with less resistance than most others would encounter. Harry felt guilty, of course, but that didn't stop him from abusing it when necessary. After thinking about it for some time, it being his education, Harry stood up and grabbed his bag of galleons from the dresser. It was time to treat himself, and time to learn. After those with the Dursleys, he had never been able to do much that would please him, and any oddities were attack with whatever was at hand, immediately. Harry's mind drifted back to one of the more peculiar, and recent, events. The one in question had happened three days after his return to Privet Drive. The typical blue house, with its typical garden, vehicle, and so on, sat in its usual place looking the furthest thing from abnormal. Luna Lovegood's house, in comparison, was like something out of a story book. A simple castle-style tower, her was. In a room upstairs of the blue house, the smallest one to be exact, a young raven-haired lay asleep in bed. It was a mere 5:30 in the morning and no one seemed to be stirring, at least for the time being. The lone owl, her cage floor covered in various pellets and other owlish things, hooted loudly. Like it was the usual alarm, and it was, the raven-haired figure yawned very loudly as they sat up. The silence throughout the house, and the happy greeting hoot of the owl, caused the figure to smile tiredly, the raven hair glinting red for a split second. As Harry finally stood, he wobbled slightly. Catching his balance, he opened the cage, got a happy hoot and a quick nuzzle from Hedwig as he opened the window, and smiled as she coasted off on the winds. The boy turned back around and made for the door, almost losing his balance again as he walked out through the doorway and down to the downstairs bathroom. The upstairs one was, according to Aunt Petunia, only for her Duddykins. Harry agreed, this being due to the fact that when Dudley was done he usually did not flush, and, with his size and unhealthy eating habits, could turn the bathroom into something resembling the inside of a garbage truck in smell and looks. So it was, when he finally got downstairs and looked in the mirror, his scream wasn't heard perfectly by Dudley, nor Vernon. However, moments later, Aunt Petunia came storming downstairs and almost ripped the door from its hinges in her rage. Hissing, she spoke as she saw the figure in the bathroom cringing in fear. "Boy, why have-" Aunt Petunia froze as she looked into the face below her. Harry stared back, and flinched as Petunia dragged him out of the bathroom and started hitting him violently with the nearest grabbable object, thankfully only the broom this time. "How dare you use such hideous abnormalities in our home! Disrespectful," she annunciated each word with a smack, "Hideous. Freak!" At the final hit, Harry looked very much like Harry, and less like the redhead that had been seen in the mirror. Petunia finally stopped, once he had gone back to normal. Harry shivered slightly at the memory, before stashing the galleons in his pockets and heading out into the building herself. Passing Tom with a nod, a nice man as far as Harry could tell, and heading out the back door, he tapped the bricks with his wand. According to Fudge, Harry wasn't allowed to udnerage magic and, when Harry had asked Tom, the bartender had said that the Trace was a "load of jack shite" in areas like Diagon Alley. Too many wizards, witches, and just too much magic in one area for them to even try. As such, Harry had practiced most of the spells he knew in the room and got quite proficient with them. Tom had also been nice enough to inform Harry of a nearby training area, down an Alley Harry hadn't known about before. Of course, when Tom hesitated, Harry was confused but thanked him anyways. Instead of going to the Alley, named Partia Alley, Harry made his way through Diagon and stopped at Wiseacre's Wizarding Equipment and began browsing, finally stopping at the trunks. He had browsed quietly before a man came out from another isle, "Ah, hello. Apologies I couldn't help when you entered. Business sometimes requires a bit of finesse, which is not easily achieved from a storefront," the man said, approaching Harry and eyeing him for a minute, "Ah, yes. I see," he pointed at a reasonably sized trunk, "Perhaps not those, Mister Potter. What you need is quite an expanded trunk. This one holds several rooms, each about the size of a large bedroom. Some of which are already furnished, which I am pleased to let remain if you wish. There is a Potions lab, a small library, a study, a practice room, and other miscellaneous ones." Harry frowned at the shopkeep, "How did you know what I was looking for?" "Mister Potter, I am not well versed in the news of these days, beyond the tidbits my customers bring in, but I know enough to recognize the young man destined, or so they say, to defeat Voldemort," the shopkeep answered a small grin on his face, "And, between you and me, the Order much enjoys their own trunks. And, while this may lose me some money," the shopkeep chuckled, "Your parents, according to my father, had trunks much like these, though somewhat behind in size and such as this one." Harry nodded and eyed the trunk, before looking back at the shop keep, "Will trunks be able to fit inside it, such as my parent's?" The man smiled, and nodded in response, "Yes indeed. A complicated bit of magic, and one secret I am very much happy to have patented." Harry nodded and began digging through his pockets, "How many galleons?" "Normally I would charge around 200 Galleons for a trunk like this," Harry bit his lip and checked his pockets, "However, as a sort of legacy program, if you will have your own children buy from our shop, I will charge only 180." Harry frowned, even then he didn't have nearly enough on him. The shopkeep saw his frown and merely smiled in return, "I suppose you don't have enough with you?" Harry nodded. "Well," the man motioned him towards the front of the store and pulled out a paper, handing him a quill, "Sign your name, at the bottom and then initial once I've filled out the information." Harry nodded and signed his name, with a slight flourish, at the bottom of the parchment and then turned to the the shopkeep, most likely Mr. Wiseacre. The man jotted a few things down with a quill, before slipping the parchment to Harry who initialed it. "Excellent, now, I will shrink this down for you. All you need to do is use the same charms to such, easy enough." Harry nodded in appreciation, before Wiseacre lead him to the trunk, "Reducio," he picked up the now suitcase sized trunk and passed it to Harry, who nodded gratefully as he grabbed the handle, "The form you filled out is basically just letting me, and Gringotts, now how much needs to be transferred to the store. If you had a house elf, they could take care of extracting money you need." Harry nodded in appreciation again, "Thank you very much sir," Harry answered and headed out the door, unaware of the small strip of paper on the trunk as he headed across the road to Flourish and Botts. The bookstore, much a favorite of Hermione's, which caused Harry to chuckle a bit, was just as pristine. Not a speck of dust on any of the books, nor out of order in any way. The signs dictating each subject the section was for. Harry started grabbing as many books as he could, one of the usual wheelbarrows in front of him. Oh, if Hermione could see him now. Once he had as many books as he could pile in, and then some, he grabbed a second barrow and filled it up somewhat as well, mostly with copies for Hermione, and some different books for her. Walking up to the desk, he pulled both barrows, the one for Hermione pulled with a charm he had learned recently, "Excuse me," he called out to the clerk, "Is there anywhere I can put these while I keep shopping? I'm afraid I still have a library to fill." He frowned at the feeling of something being off, "Of course," the clerk directed him to a corner near the desk. After labelling the one for Hermione with a bit of parchment, he started again with another barrow. By the time he had finished, he most certainly had enough to fill the small library in his trunk, which caused him to facepalm almost immediately. Deciding he'd have to get Hermione a trunk in the next few days, Harry filled out another sheet and began the process of unshrinking his trunk and putting the books into the trunk. The levitation charm proved to be a huge help as he sorted the books into piles in the small library of his trunk. Magic was still a mystery to him, but the amazing things it could do were just as mind-boggling as he had originally thought. With a bit of satisfaction, Harry finished putting away the books and decided that, in all honesty, Hermione was best for the task. Holding the chosen book in hand, 'Magic, The Body, The Soul: A Guide to Training Your Magical Core and You!', which he hoped would come in handy at the probable 'gym', he exited the trunk and closed it, finally noticing the small piece of parchment. When he removed it, he found it to be directing him to a shop down Partia Alley. "Cornwall's Wizarding Health, specializing in helping problems with vision and other various minor ailments?" Harry read aloud, before musing. It would be quite a boon to not have his glasses, with how many issues they caused. And so it was, after visiting the Apothecary and following the same process, mostly, as Flourish and Botts, Harry stopped at Gringotts before heading down this new Alley. Harry nodded respectfully