Title: X-Ray Specs Author: Dark Phoenix Summary: Auror Harry Potter comes to work one day to discover that he can see through the top layer of everyone's clothes. And when he arrives at the office he shares with Draco Malfoy, his day takes an unexpected turn. Pairing: Draco/Harry Warning: Mild smut Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and am making no money from this. Notes: The title is a bit misleading, since the spell is on Harry himself, not his glasses, but I liked it too much not to use it. Also, if you're wondering how someone can be both annoying and endearing, you obviously don't own a cat. ~ X-Ray Specs ~ The incessant buzzing near Harry's head finally succeeded in waking him up. He opened one eye and squinted at the clock on his nightstand, then cursed. He'd overslept again. Harry raced through his shower and dressed quickly without bothering to check his reflection in the mirror. He stepped through the Floo with his briefcase in one hand and a blueberry muffin in the other and hurried to the elevators with just minutes to spare. It wasn't until he was halfway across the Ministry lobby that he noticed something very peculiar. He paused and looked around briefly before he realized what was wrong. Not one person was wearing robes. Most of them had on the normal Muggle clothes that wizards and witches typically wore under their robes, but some people were wearing some truly bizarre combinations of clothing, and Harry even saw a few walking around in just their underwear, as if it was perfectly normal. Harry shook his head. What is going on here? Am I missing something? He'd been an Auror for a few years now, and he'd never seen so many people dressed like this. But as he looked around the room, he didn't see a single person in robes other than himself. He resumed walking towards the elevators in confusion. This wasn't important now. He was going to be late if he wasted any more time gawking, and people were starting to give him funny looks. He strode briskly down the hall to the Auror department and entered his office. It was a good-sized office, considerably nicer than most Aurors with his level of experience had, which he knew was only because he was Harry Potter, Savior of the Wizarding World. He rolled his eyes at the ridiculous title, which he still heard quite often, especially from his partner Draco. They'd been partners ever since they'd graduated from Auror training, mainly because the Ministry didn't entirely trust a former Death Eater and thought that the Chosen One would be the best person to keep an eye on him. Harry had been furious at first, but since then, he and Draco had gotten to know each other better and discovered, to their great surprise, that they worked wonderfully together. They still spent a good deal of time trading insults and playing pranks on one another, but the old animosity between them was gone. Their office was empty when Harry stepped through the door, and he started towards his desk when his reflection in the full-length mirror Draco had insisted on hanging by the door caught his eye. Harry stopped and stared at himself, dumbfounded. He knew he'd put on his Auror robes before he'd left, but all he saw in the mirror was himself in the jeans and T-shirt he was wearing under them. "What the hell?" He looked down at himself, but still only saw jeans and a T-shirt. That couldn't be right. He could feel the soft material of his robes brushing against his arms, and, running his hands over himself, he felt robes rather than T-shirt and jeans. Utterly confused, he took off his glasses and squinted at his reflection, but, blurry as it was, it was still unmistakably not wearing robes. He picked up his briefcase, which had fallen to the floor, and sat down at his desk, utterly mystified. Someone must've cast some kind of spell on him, he decided. He ate his muffin slowly while going over the morning's memos. Shacklebolt wanted to see him right away, he noted, and when he'd finished eating, he hurried down the hall to the Head Auror's office. Along the way, he saw more people in Muggle clothes and something was beginning to click in his mind. Someone cast a spell that makes me unable to see people's robes, he thought in bewilderment. How strange. Why would anyone want to do that? What's the point? He made his way to Shacklebolt's office, lost in thought. It seemed like a childish prank more than anything. So he'd seen a few people in their underwear. He couldn't imagine who would've done this. Not even Draco would play such a senseless prank on him. Harry was relieved to see that Shacklebolt had on normal-looking clothes under his robes. The last thing he needed was to sit through some briefing trying not to giggle at the Head Auror's underwear. "Ah, Potter," Shacklebolt greeted him. "Just the man I wanted to see. But where's your partner?" "I haven't seen him," Harry said with a slight frown, sinking into one of the chairs in the office. That was strange — Draco was usually punctual almost to a fault. He had a particularly annoying, and somehow rather endearing, habit of pointedly checking his watch if Harry arrived even a minute late. "Has something happened?" "No, not at all," Shacklebolt said with a smile. "I just wanted you to know I'm putting the two of you in for a special commendation for solving that case last month. I know you put a lot of long, hard hours into catching that bastard, and the whole department appreciates all the hard work you do around here. Let Malfoy know if you see him before I do, all right?" "Sure thing," Harry said as he stood up. He was in such a great mood as he strolled back to his own office that he almost forgot about the spell on him. Until he opened the door to his office. Draco was at his desk, casually leaning back in his chair as usual. He also appeared to be very strangely dressed, and for a moment, Harry simply gaped at him. What in the world— Like everyone else he'd seen today, Draco was dressed in his usual button-down shirt and dress slacks, but something was very wrong. The front of his shirt seemed to be missing, giving Harry a very nice view of his bare chest. After blinking for a few seconds, he realized that Draco often wore his robes open, and that maybe the spell on him simply made the outermost layer of everyone's clothes invisible, robes or not. Fortunately, Draco hadn't looked up when he'd entered the room and didn't see Harry standing there like a slackjawed idiot. Harry shook his head to clear it and headed for his own desk. "Where've you been?" he managed to say casually, pretending to busy himself with the papers on his desk in order to avoid looking at his partner. "Don't tell me you were — gasp! — late ?" "Don't be ridiculous," Draco said with his customary snottiness. "I decided to go check out the reports coming in rather than wait around all day for you to show up, since you apparently think the world runs on Harry Potter, Savior of the Wizarding World Time." "Well, it's a shame you didn't stick around another couple seconds, or you wouldn't have missed an important briefing with Shacklebolt," Harry returned, turning to face Draco with what he hoped was a neutral expression. He was pleased to see that Draco looked surprised, and a little worried. "Briefing? What briefing? Why haven't I heard anything about it?" Draco almost jumped up from his seat, but stopped himself in time, and Harry smirked. One of the most amusing things about his partner was his stubborn determination not to show any emotion. Harry could've told him it was a lost cause, that after all this time, Harry could read him like a book, but he doubted it would make much difference. Besides, if Draco wanted to remain seated, that was perfectly fine with Harry. He could already see more of him than he was comfortable with. "You would've heard about it if you hadn't gone wandering off," Harry retorted. He thoroughly enjoyed every opportunity he had to torture Draco, and wanted to drag it out as much as possible. "I just hope you weren't expecting me to cover for you," he said sternly. Draco paled. "What do you mean? Did something happen? Shacklebolt isn't upset with me, is he?" Harry bit back a grin. Maybe it was a bit cruel, playing with his partner like this. After all, he knew Draco's reputation was a sore spot for him. Everyone had made it abundantly clear that they weren't too thrilled about working with a former Death Eater, and there were quite a few who still didn't trust him, even after all this time. "Well," Harry drawled. "I did promise Shacklebolt I'd talk to you." "About what? Harry, would you please just tell me what's going on?" Harry could see the growing panic in Draco's eyes and finally relented. "He wanted me to tell you we were getting a special commendation, that's all. What did you think it was about?" He gave Draco a look of innocence and quickly ducked as a roll of parchment came flying at his head. "Think you're funny, do you?" Draco growled, his eyes flashing. Harry didn't even try to hide his laughter. "Yeah, I do, actually." He didn't completely trust the look in Draco's eyes — as if he knew something Harry didn't. Something that amused him. "We'll see who's laughing at the end of the day," he said cryptically, turning back to his own desk with a hint of smugness that made Harry feel uneasy. Just ignore it, he reassured himself. He's just mad and talking nonsense. What could he possibly have planned? He didn't feel very relieved, though. Over the years they'd been partners, they'd both played numerous pranks on each other, often without any provocation, just to amuse themselves. It was entirely possible Draco already had some prank in the works, and it was just a coincidence that he'd chosen that day to pull it off. He briefly recalled Draco demanding to know why his quill would only write the words "I love Celestina Warbeck" the week before and his uneasiness grew. On second thought, maybe it wouldn't be completely unprovoked. Harry's eyes flickered over to his partner thoughtfully. Maybe there was some way he could use the spell on him to his advantage. After all, as soon as Draco got up from his desk, Harry would get a good look at his underwear, whether he wanted to or not. And if Harry was lucky, Draco would have on some truly ridiculous underwear today that Harry could make fun of for months to come. He'd seen a pair of boxers with broomsticks and golden Snitches enchanted to fly all over them at a clothing store in Hogsmeade once and had a good laugh about it with Ron later. Maybe Draco had a pair in Slytherin green, he thought hopefully. Harry ignored the part of his brain that was trying to insist he wanted to see Draco in his underwear for its own sake and let his hair fall in front of his face to hide his smirk, feeling better already. With his new plan of action and both partners busy smirking to themselves, there was nothing left to do but get to work. For the next hour or so, they managed to get through the morning's paperwork without further incident. Harry even managed to forget about his attractive partner's inadvertently revealing outfit for the moment. A flash of movement from Draco's vicinity caught Harry's