Title: Spin the Bottle Author: Dark Phoenix Summary: Draco knows better than to play Spin the Bottle with Pansy. But one night he finds himself coerced into playing anyway, and things get interesting when the bottle lands on Harry Potter. Pairing: Draco/Harry Warning: Mild language Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and am making no money from this. Notes: Okay, I know the title and concept aren't exactly original, but can there ever be enough stories about Harry and Draco being forced to kiss? I don't think so. ~ Spin the Bottle ~ Draco knew he shouldn't have gone back to the eighth-years' dormitory. It was a Friday night at the beginning of December, and everyone had been starting to get a little cabin fever due to the cold and the approaching holidays. Not to mention, Pansy had been going around all day with a sly little smirk on her face that Draco knew meant trouble. So when he entered the common room to find a large group of eighth-years sitting in a circle and chattering away excitedly, all he felt was disappointment in himself for ignoring the warning signs. "Draco!" Pansy cried gleefully before he could turn around and run back out the door. "You're here! Do you want to play Spin the Bottle?" Draco gave her the haughtiest, most superior look he could muster while wondering if it was still possible for him to inch back toward the door unnoticed. "Spin the Bottle? Are we still in third year?" he sneered disdainfully. Pansy grinned back undeterred. "Of course not!" she exclaimed, her level of enthusiasm not the slightest bit decreased by Draco's reaction. "Most of us actually know what we're doing now, so it'll be even better," she said pointedly. Draco continued to frown as he surveyed the room. There were students from every House there, and just about everybody had a bottle of butterbeer or Firewhiskey. Draco wasn't surprised that someone had managed to sneak in booze — after all, if there was one thing Slytherins knew how to do, it was sneak around. "Why are you even asking me?" Draco said as snottily as possible. "You know I don't play Spin the Bottle." "Look how many people are playing," Pansy cajoled, ignoring his protests. "What are the chances you'll land on me?" She gestured around the room, letting her gaze linger ever so slightly on the Gryffindors clustered together on one side, her meaning not lost on Draco. Most Slytherins knew he'd refused to play Spin the Bottle since an unpleasant incident in third year, mainly because he was determined that his first unwilling kiss with Pansy would also be his last. What everyone didn't know, however, was that Pansy was ever so subtly letting Draco know that his secret crush happened to be in the circle, as if he wasn't already keenly aware of that fact. Draco glared at her, trying to ignore the silent lure. Of course, part of him wanted the chance to kiss his crush, but another part of him very much wanted it to remain a secret known only to him and Pansy. Unfortunately, the temptation of this once-in-a-lifetime chance seemed to be winning. And, as with everything else, Pansy seemed to know it. "Come on, Draco," she wheedled, her eyes gleaming victoriously. "What are you so afraid of?" When the rest of the group started to join in her efforts to persuade him, Draco knew it was over. There was no way he could back out with his dignity intact now. With a long-suffering sigh, he sat down in the circle opposite from Pansy and accepted the Firewhiskey someone handed him. "Okay, fine, let's just get this over with," he grumbled as if he was doing everyone in the room some great favor by participating. "What are the rules?" Pansy looked at him innocently. "What do you mean? You know how to play Spin the Bottle. You just spin the bottle and kiss the person it lands on." Draco gave her a hard look. "But for how long? I don't want you arbitrarily telling me it wasn't long enough. We need some set amount of time." Pansy sighed. "Fine, fine." She looked thoughtful. "How about a minute?" "That's awfully long," Draco complained. There was some disagreement around the circle, and he went on. "What if you end up kissing someone you don't like? Five seconds." Pansy rolled her eyes. "Five seconds? What's the point? How about . . . at least thirty seconds, but not more than five minutes? And you have to make it good." Everybody seemed to find the time reasonable, and Draco gritted his teeth. "Fine. Now who goes first?" He was already regretting allowing himself to get pulled into this. "Me!" Pansy declared brightly. She reached out and gave the bottle a spin, then cheered when it landed on Justin Finch-Fletchley. They both stood up and kissed, a bit awkwardly, and Pansy handed the bottle to the person on her right. Before long, the bottle had made its way to the group of Gryffindors, and Draco had started to keep a wary eye on what was going on. Longbottom spun the bottle and ended up kissing some Hufflepuff girl before passing it off to Finnegan. With a lecherous smirk, Finnegan gave the bottle a spin. It went around several times before slowing down and landing on Draco. There was a brief pause before the room erupted in cheers and catcalls. "You've gotta kiss Malfoy!" someone yelled in delight. Draco let out a short sigh and stood up. This wasn't so bad, he thought. At least Weasley wasn't playing. And he had to admit he was a teensy bit curious about how Finnegan kissed because he certainly had enough of a reputation. Draco was pleased to see Finnegan looked slightly perturbed as he stood and walked across the circle. Finnegan's nervousness gave Draco confidence, and he let a small smirk cross his face as the Gryffindor eyed him hesitantly for a moment while the catcalls grew louder, then suddenly lunged forward and kissed Draco. The suddenness of it threw Draco off for just a second before he took over and started kissing Finnegan back, gently but thoroughly. Before he knew it, the timer was beeping, and both boys pulled back slowly. Draco was delighted by the other boy's slightly dazed expression as they took their seats again. "Wow," Finnegan muttered to himself as he sat down. Draco frowned slightly. "What?" Finnegan looked at him in surprise, as if he hadn't realized he'd spoken. "Nothing. That was just . . . nicer than I expected." There were giggles around the circle, and Draco's frown deepened. "Get over it, Finnegan. It didn't mean anything," he said loftily, but he was a little irritated. What did they expect? Did they think he was completely inexperienced? Sure, he knew he had a certain image, but he was eighteen years old, for Merlin's sake, and he knew how to kiss as well as anyone. He caught a glimpse of Potter out of the corner of his eye and noticed that he looked annoyed. Interesting, Draco thought as the bottle was passed on to the next person. In no time at all, the bottle made its way to Potter, and Draco tried not to look too interested as Potter kissed the Ravenclaw boy it landed on. Why am I even here? he fumed silently. Watching the Boy Wonder suck face with some Ravenclaw isn't my idea of fun. Turning away, he happened to catch Pansy's eye, and she gave him a knowing look. Draco cursed inwardly. He just knew she'd planned all this to torture him. They'd been friends almost their whole lives, and Draco was well aware of her sadistic streak and her fondness for making him squirm. He straightened up defiantly, unwilling to give her the satisfaction. The bottle made its way to him soon enough, and he stood up to kiss some girl — he thought her name was Bones — and sat back down again as expressionlessly as possible. It didn't help that Bones had that same giddy little smile on her face Finnegan had. She actually fanned herself and said, "Wow, Malfoy, I had no idea you were such a good kisser," which made the whole group burst into slightly drunken giggles. Draco sighed, his patience wearing thin. "Why is everyone so surprised? I'm not completely frigid, you know," he said irritably. "Obviously." Bones smiled coyly at him, and to his horror, Draco felt himself blush. Glowering down at his hands, he handed the bottle to the next person and prayed that Pansy would lose interest in this childish game quickly. Draco cast what he hoped was a bored glance around the circle as the next person spun the bottle. Potter was frowning. Good, Draco thought. If people started getting annoyed or bored, nobody would want to play anymore. The game continued, with someone landing on Potter, much to Draco's disgust, and someone else landing on Draco, which was beginning to make him suspicious. Finally, the bottle was back in Pansy's hands, and Draco didn't care for the delighted little smirk on her face as she took her turn one bit. When the bottle landed on him, Draco was hardly even surprised. "I don't believe it," he protested immediately. "You're cheating somehow. You probably charmed it to land on me." But he knew that whatever Pansy's little scheme was, it was going to play out exactly how she intended. And, as with all Pansy's schemes, there was nothing he could do about it. She was just too good at manipulating him. "Oh, calm down, Draco, it had just as much chance of landing on you as anyone else," she said, looking supremely unaffected by his outburst. "Besides, it's just a little kiss." Draco glowered at her. He didn't believe this was an accident for one second. But there was no way he could prove it, and nothing he could do, short of running out of the room. Pansy had him, and he knew it. Reluctantly, he stood up. Pansy smirked at him triumphantly and made a show of setting her watch. "No," Draco said immediately. "I don't trust you to set the right time." Mentally, he cursed himself for not bothering to grab his own watch earlier. Pansy glanced around the circle, still smirking. "Well, does someone else want to time us, since Draco's so adamant about it?" Draco followed her gaze around the circle with a touch of desperation. Surely there was someone who could be trusted not to screw with him. Why had he allowed Pansy to talk him into this? "I'll do it." Draco jerked his head over to the Gryffindors in surprise, along with most of the people in the circle. Potter raised his wrist, adorned by a shiny gold watch, and Draco could only stare at him, dumbfounded. "Any time you're ready," Potter continued, sounding impatient. Pansy had the strangest look on her face when Draco turned back to her. With a defeated sigh, he leaned forward and kissed her. Whatever else Pansy had planned, she clearly intended to get the most out of her thirty seconds, and she wasted no time latching onto Draco and jamming her tongue into his mouth. Her hands seemed to be everywhere at once, first running gleefully through his silky hair, then moving lower to grab greedy handfuls of his arse. Draco squirmed, but didn't pull away lest she insist on starting over again. This had to be the longest thirty seconds of his life. "That's time," Potter's voice cut in sharply, much to Draco's relief. He couldn't detach himself from Pansy fast enough, but at least she seemed satisfied. Draco made his way back to his spot and plunked himself back down, feeling violated. He still didn't know what Pansy was up to, but she was going to pay for that. Pansy passed the bottle