A/N: Here's a little Jacob x Bella whisper that I just found the guts to get out in all its unbeta'd glory. And I'm sorry for all the goodbye stories, though I'm not at the same time. I always feel the need to say goodbye and I don't know why. So much time has passed since I've published anything. I've had a birthday, a Christmas, and I've seen the New Year officially begin. That's too much damn time. I meant to publish this back in November, so happy (way belated) birthday to Josh, and a happy belated new year to everybody else. 2014 is a way better number than 2013 to me. I hope you enjoy this little glimpse of a future project. Injustices of the Worst Kind I think I wanna get a little active / There's more to this than being your captive New directions might need a little practice / I can make it a little less destructive M.I.A, "Know It Ain't Right" Jacob Black has seen any and every facet of Bella Swan. He's seen the crust between her eyes in the early morning that she quickly wipes away. It's ugly , she's said, only slightly ashamed. You don't have to see me like that. He's seen the permanent dark circles under her eyes that jolt him, just a little bit. I'm tired , she's said, uncaring for the unfixable. You're never gonna see me not tired. I promise. He's seen—and utterly adores—the chocolate brown pools within her eyes that keep entice him every single time. I've got you wrapped around my finger , she's said, the corners of her thin mouth turned up. That's so funny. You're so funny. Jacob has seen the kinder side of Bella: the side that wants to help people through their little and big problems like she's perfectly stable herself, her biggest wish. If Emily Young wants to kill herself (again), Bella will get her to stop—most times. Jacob has also seen the more selfish side of Bella: the side that will join in the bad behavior of others. If Emily Young wants to kill herself (again), then Bella will help and try to kill herself in the process (again), too. Bella's just a little unpredictable. In fact, Bella's just a little bit of everything. Sometimes she walks lightly on air; other times she stumbles, scraping her palms and knees. Sometimes she rides higher than the clouds themselves; other times she can't even be bothered to be picked up, so she lays dagger dead on the ground. Is that okay? Jacob thinks that's okay. Bella? Not so much. Either everything is okay with her, or nothing is. They can (and already have) wake and bake in a tent on First Beach, but God forbid he calls her later to ask how she's doing, just because it's a common nice thing to do and not an act of the chivalry she accused him of giving her on their first date in Forks. She will (and already has) call him up and demand his company all day. They'll talk about how shitty their so-called friends are, how their dads don't give a shit about them, and how life sucks to be graduated and absolutely uneducated and mostly unemployed. They'll pour their hearts out to each other over all of that—just all of it—but at the end of the day, Bella won't call him to ask if he wants to go see a movie where they finally keep their hands to themselves. She won't answer his calls, either. I don't wanna be that guy , Jacob always tells himself. I'm not gonna be that guy who's a total sucker for a girl that doesn't even like me, but she does like me. And she does. Bella likes Jacob to an extent. She likes him enough to play him like her favorite game. When she was six, she loved to play Chutes and Ladders. When she was twelve, she loved to play Scrabble. Now she loves to play Jacob. And it's not like she doesn't know this—she's three steps ahead of him. The real issue is that she doesn't find it wrong, but there's nothing right about it. Has she given away too much of herself? A week in heaven and a feeling of being special for once in his life for him quickly turned into a week of hell and utter self-loathing for her. Of course it did. *.*.* A long time ago, when she thought she was just depressed or just had anxiety (as opposed to some freak disorder where she's lucky enough to have a combination of the two), Bella would read. On good days—or worse days, when she thinks back on them—she would go to the public library just down the street from her home in Phoenix and stay forever. She would stay until someone—either Renee or Phil—would notice she was gone. She hasn't hidden in the library since she was fifteen, but that might change today. The public library of Forks is pitiful. Bella's only visited once, and it was more than enough. It makes her want to cry. It's small, and not in a positive way. Small libraries usually have a lot of heart and care put into them, but not this one. It's not small and cared for at all; it's just there . It's just another attraction in the big, fake amusement park that the world is. Bella needs to infuse some care, though. It's the only place she has left to do that. It's too late for Jacob, and far too late for her. It's a luminous Sunday morning in June, but Bella feels like a stormy night in November. After entering the public library right as it opens, Bella hides in the stacks. Nobody notices her or the fact that she doesn't have a card. She loves libraries so damn much for that reason alone: you don't have to have a pass to enter. You come as you are, and leave just a little smarter if you're lucky. That's not her point, though—not today. She can't fix anything about her broken, broken mind. The previous week was disastrous. It was beautifully chaotic for Jacob, but for Bella? Not so much. You're just a fucking idiot, she tells herself. You can't just give yourself over and over to someone you hardly even like to get over your piece-of-shit ex-boyfriend and constant feeling of self-hatred. That's not how things are supposed to work. The only thing worse than what she did is that she would have to break off everything with Jacob. She didn't like him the way he liked her; she didn't see him in her future when she looked in his eyes. She didn't want to hurt him, though—she never wanted to hurt anybody. Ever since she was sixteen, just getting in touch with her level of fuckedupness, she knew that she would never want to harm anyone close to her because she understood. Being so far from the inside of things, she watched people, and she understood them. She understood—and still understands—that everyone's just trying to get through what they have to get through in order to move on the better and brighter things in life, and for her to make that any more difficult for anyone else would be the worst thing she did. She tries to not be a bad person; she truly does. She tries to remind herself of all of that, but things never click in time, and maybe there wouldn't be a trail of broken hearts following her if they did. Maybe that's just what she hates about herself the most: she has the right intentions but they never come off the right way. What's the point of even trying, then? *.*.* In La Push, Jacob wakes up alone, the scent of Bella on his body (the odd combination of honey and lavender), the taste of her on his lips (strawberry and the shame of marijuana), the sound of her in his ears ( God, Jake, that's so funny and you're so funny ). He supposes that's the second best thing, since Bella's not the kind of girl one would wake up with on a daily basis. Aside from the lucky times he's seen her wake up, he's really familiar with the girl who he'll soar through the sky with at one in the morning but see her again only five short hours later. But she's not the kind of girl to wake up with. She loves the gypsy life. Sadly enough, Jacob loves her. He loves everything about her, but only selectively. He loves the crazy side of her, the side he just spent a week with in its entity. That side got him to go camping on the beach, smoke weed (and not die from coughing fits), discover the importance of the artist The Weeknd, have deep conversations on top of a cliff, and blow some time off at the movies. Jacob doesn't like the other side—the side that frequently discusses how much she wants to not live anymore or how much of an idiot she thinks she is—as much, but that's what he has to deal with if he wants to love her. So maybe he doesn't truly love her; he only loves bits and pieces of her, but he loves the idea of loving all of her, and there doesn't seem to really be a difference. He wants to love everything about her from the paleness of her skin to pools of chocolate that are her eyes to her ski-slope nose to her rare but beautiful smile to her uneven lips to her legs that stretch for miles to the wideness of her lovely hips, and if he thinks he can love all of that, then he can. He doesn't know why, but he feels as if he changed his life for the better and the worse. Before he met her for the second time, for that awfully strange date, he woke up expecting nothing but the same mediocrity he's lived in for his entire life. He used to wake up with no hope or enthusiasm for his day, for no one to make his day a little better. Now he wakes up with confidence, excitement, and fear all at the same time, and there's something good about that. He knows it. He hopes Bella knows it, too. After he dropped her off at home last night from their movie date in which they didn't really pay attention to the movie, Bella seemed off, somehow. Even though being off all of a sudden is her thing, her trademark, Jacob felt it. He would have called and asked later, but he knew that would get him nowhere. It never has before. She lives on her terms; that's one of the only things they have in common. Jacob gets out of bed and decides to go see her. They never established "visiting hours," but they never had to; even when they don't completely understand each other, they still do. With a little pep in his step, Jake throws on jeans and a t-shirt and makes his way to his car, a Volkswagen Rabbit that also has Bella, Bella, Bella signed in it, as well as on it. She couldn't not leave her signature wherever she went, even if she tried. *.*.* At the library, Bella strolls through the young adult section. She used to live here, back when she was ten. She felt like a rebel for reading material for the younger set of adults before she was even a teenager, but now she can't help but feel and accept her age. And she hates it, too. She really does. Her mother, Renee, recently got into these kinds of books—Bella recognizes most of the titles. Renee practically demolishes these books, which puts a weird taste in Bella's mouth. These specific books were meant for her .