This took much longer to rewrite than I thought it would. As it turns out, working in the realm of a master of fantasy is very, very difficult. Who would have thought? Ah, well; I've come out of this rewrite a better writer, and I've learned how NOT to start a Lord of the Rings story. But, sorry for those of you who do want to see more of this. Without further adieu, my rewritten Last of the Wyrms. The masterful works of Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit, and any other works set in the world of Arda (the world of which Middle-Earth is a part of) all belong to the Tolkien Estate. I am a simple fan with too much time on his hands. The music blared at an almost painful level of noise; the subwoofers were shaking every room in the house with each deep, distorted change in bass. Lights flashed with shades of blue, yellow, red, purple, and green mixing together in a vibrant display of color and energy. People danced on the floor, jumping to the beat of the music—the house shook even more than the music itself. Girls wearing clothing that left little of their enticing bodies a mystery put everything they had into their movements, drawing the attention of any nearby guy who wasn't already dancing with a girl, and many who already were. Freshmen, both those who were invited guests and those who were party crashers, tried getting in the spotlight by pulling off their own unique dance moves. Few succeeded. A ping-pong table to the left of the dance floor had been transformed, changing from the only place in the house to play table tennis—as those who take the game way too seriously loved to call it—to the designated area for party-goers to play beer pong. Couples, most of which met tonight, took up almost every available couch or chair, either kissing, or attempting to suffocate one another—it was hard to tell which. Most would remain on their chosen chairs or couches for a few minutes, then quickly leave the room—likely to give in to whatever carnal desires they had. Some didn't even bother giving the mild decency of leaving the room, and tried staying right where they were. Those people were always kicked out of the house by security. And my friends wonder why I hate frat parties. I suppose their confusion was understandable, considering I chose to go to UIUC of all places. But it was the best place in the country for people who wanted to go into Information Science, so I enrolled immediately when they accepted my application. A mistake on my part, but for a number of reasons. One was that Information Science turned out to be very different than I was expecting, and changing to Materials Science or Architecture would end up costing me tens of thousands in the long run; another reason was location relating to my family; and the last was the culture of most of the campus. The first two problems with my choice in college could be fixed, even though my bank account would hate me for life, but the atmosphere of an entire university couldn't. I had never felt… Welcome here, or even noticed by more than one or two people. Although, that last one could be because I'm one of the smaller guys around, at five foot four and one hundred twenty pounds. Guess it was my own fault, choosing UIUC to follow in my dad's footsteps. Hard to do so when you're not interested in active partying, and you're a foot shorter than the man you're trying to follow. Whatever song the DJ was playing ended and he started another one less than five seconds later. This one was louder and more fast-paced than the one before, prompting the dancers to cheer as their ear drums were even more damaged by the oversized speakers. I will never understand partying. Dennis, one of my few friends and only roommate, came off the dance floor and sat down in a chair across the table I was sitting at in the corner. At more than seven feet tall and almost three hundred pounds, Dennis was a giant when around most, and even more so when he was around me. I didn't even know his major, because he kept changing it—and could actually afford to do so; rich parents, and all that. He also was a huge fan of parties, good times of almost any kind as long as they didn't cross the line, and women. But despite that, he wasn't someone who took relationships—or casual pleasure—lightly. Even with how he talked about women, I was one of the few who knew he hadn't been on a date in his life. I think he had a fear of messing up a relationship, and as a result was afraid of even the most casual one. "Come on, Shawn!" Dennis shouted over the music. "Get out there!" "Why?" I asked, not bothering to raise my voice since I knew he could read lips. "So I can embarrass myself some more?" Dennis waved his waved dismissively. "Ah, you won't embarrass yourself. Just get out there and have fun!" "What about last time I 'just went out there'?" "You had a great time hanging out!" "A group of guys hung me on a tree by my shirt." "Details. Point is the chicks dug it!" I rolled my eyes. "Den, they were laughing the entire time." He smiled. "Yeah, but did you see how they looked?!" "I did, along with half of campus. And the campus saw me, too." Dennis shook his head and grabbed a beer on the end of the table, which had been left by another partier on his way out. He then downed it in one gulp, belched loud enough to be faintly heard over the booming music, then shook his head again, this time to recover from the rapid consumption of alcohol. "You can't let that get to you. It's part of college life." "Of 'partying' life," I corrected. Dennis narrowed his dark eyes at me, annoyance written on his face. "You know, if you don't change your stance on social events, you're never going to stop being the source of entertainment for everyone else." "There's hardly anything social about parties." I looked at the dance floor as a drunk tried hitting on one of the girls, only to fall flat on his face, very obviously due to being way beyond the limit between buzzed and wasted. Security quickly closed in and tossed him out the door. "Have you seen what's going on around you?! Two thirds of these guys are going to get lucky, or already are getting lucky!" I raised an eyebrow. "We both know that doesn't motivate either of us." My roommate's fake excited look slipped, but he replaced it instantly when one of his friends walked by with a beer in hand before heading over to the beer pong table with a girl on his arm. He hooted at him, then looked back at me. "But at least those guys are making contacts." "And in the morning, probably about a tenth of them will have gotten someone pregnant, a fifth will be injured in some way, and all of them will wake up hungover with no knowledge of tonight. And to add to it, they'll wake up with a stranger beside them." Dennis nodded. "Point taken." "Thought it would be." I looked out on the dance floor again as the song being played ended, and was quickly replaced by another that sounded the same to my ears, yet made everyone cheer again. What was so thrilling about listening to the same song? "But still, you've gotta try talking to other people at parties. It's the only way you'll start being respected by everyone around here!" He looked around at the crowd, smiled at someone out of my field of vision, then looked back at me and gestured in the direction he had been looking. "Go talk to Vanessa! She'll like you!" I turned to look in the direction he was pointing, and saw a tall Sophomore with long black hair, standing in the corner with three other girls. "Wasn't she the one who took a picture of me hanging on the tree and posted it on Instagram?" "Uh, maybe?" Dennis looked deep in thought, as if searching his brain. "Sometimes it's hard to keep so many names straight." "Another reason to not like parties: You can't remember anyone's name." My roommate made a dismissive gesture with his hand. "I give up. Go ahead and hate parties. See if I care." "I will. Thanks," I said, intentionally sounding oblivious to his sarcasm, then checked the clock on my phone—it was nearly midnight. "I'm going to head back, get some rest. I've been running on three hours of sleep as it is." Dennis seemed to want to argue, but nodded. "Alright. Don't know what time I'll be back, but I shouldn't be more than a few hours." "Stay out of trouble until then," I said, then got up from the table and walked to the house's front door, dodging passing partiers, couples, and security whenever they passed by, before finally reaching the door and stepping outside. The beat of the music could still be both heard and felt from outside, but it was muffled and faint, and far more bearable than it had been while inside. The cold night air washed over me, canceling out the warmth from inside the house. A light shower of snow accompanied the cold air, but it was far from heavy, and there was only an inch or two on the ground itself—a lot less than the foot and a half the weather reported would be on the ground by now. Good. I hate snow. Or rather too much of it. I zipped my hoodie up and stepped down onto the sidewalk, turning left to head to the apartment Dennis and I had just off campus. It was only a few blocks from here, but it was a cold night. Nothing compared to the height of the polar vortex, but still very cold even for Illinois. Still, I wasn't going to be out long, so I hadn't bothered bringing an actual coat to the party. I walked through a crosswalk with barely a glance in either direction. Everyone was either asleep at this hour, or at a party similar to the one I just left. This meant the streets were as quiet and still as they would ever get, and that its only users would be drunks you'd hear from a mile off, or pedestrians heading home. Just like I was. About fifteen minutes after I left the party, I reached the apartment complex where Dennis and I lived. Just in time, too; the cold was starting to get to me. It took me another few minutes to reach my front door, since it was was on the second floor. I fished my keys out once I finally got there, unlocked and then opened the door. I froze at the sight that greeted me. Instead of the dark entryway I was expecting, there was a forest in front of me. As in an actual forest. Large trees stood in front of me, each far taller than my apartment complex. Beneath the trees, lush green grass swayed in a wind that carried air which warmed my freezing body, rustling as each individual blade brushed against another. Bright, inviting sunlight shined just above the horizon, enriching the color of the trees and grass. About fifteen meters away, almost hidden by the grass, a worn dirt road wide enough for a car or truck to use cut through the forest, the only sign the wilderness had been touched by civilization. Beyond the road, the forest continued for at least fifteen more meters, then came to either a small