Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or scenes that you recognize, nor do I gain anything financially by writing about them. "Carina has a boyfriend," Regulus remarked in a poor effort at sounding casual at the breakfast table. His wife, Maliah, smirked, "Finally figured that out, did you? She wrote to me about Andrae weeks ago." "And you didn't see fit to tell me?" "I promised I wouldn't," she answered simply. "Shouldn't you have known before us, dad? I mean, you are one of their professors…" "Children should only be seen at mealtimes, not heard," he answered just as his mother would have done, though his remark was without any of her malice. "Eat your breakfast, Caelum." The eleven year old boy sniggered, "Since when can I not talk while we eat? You just don't like being the last to know things." "No, I don't." "Who would want to date my sister anyway? Ugh." "It seems at least half the boys in school of late," Regulus answered grumpily. His children were growing up much too quickly for his liking, "Andrae is a fifth year." "I suppose Carina Sirius is living up to her namesake then, isn't she?" Maliah teased. Regulus winced. His brother's former popularity with the opposite gender was certainly not why they had named their daughter after him. "He's a half-blood," Regulus remarked offhandedly, earning himself a warning look from his wife. "That doesn't matter, right? Blood status," his son asked innocently, looking between them. "No, there's no difference," Regulus answered firmly. "But his sudden disappearance could be more easily covered up if he were muggle-born-" "Regulus!" Maliah laughed, "You can't go making an example of this boy! Carina would only rebel by finding someone worse to date." "He's an average student at best. Carina is much smarter and she's only fourteen. Fourteen, which is too young to be dating in the first place." "She will be fifteen in little more than a month. You're going to have to accept the fact that she is growing up." Regulus jabbed his fork into his eggs a bit more forcefully than necessary, causing his wife and son to exchange amused looks. Excusing himself from the table, he stood, intent to get some grading done before his first class that morning. "Can I go to school with you, dad?" his son asked to the surprise of no one. Caelum adored sitting in on his father's defense classes, especially when the students were given practical exams. "You will begin Beauxbatons soon enough. Besides, you have your own lessons to attend to." "Please, dad? I only want to watch the seventh years' last attempts at producing patronuses. I can work on my lessons during your other classes… Please?" Regulus fully intended to say, "No," as it was the end of the term and he had a lot of grading he needed to get caught up on, which he knew would be more difficult with his son running around. One look at Caelum's hopeful expression though and he heard himself agreeing. "Fine, go quickly and change into something more presentable," he directed as Caelum was still in his pajamas. "I'll warn you though, some of my best seventh years are still at Hogwarts for the Triwizard tournament. It is unlikely you will see any corporeal patronuses." Caelum grabbed the toast off of his plate and left to get dressed. Regulus watched the back of his head disappear up the stairs and resisted the urge to tell him to run a brush through his hair before coming back down. He looked back at his wife to find her watching him. At his questioning look she grinned mischievously, "The entire day to myself? However shall I spend it?" "This is going to be expensive, isn't it?" he asked wryly. "Best not to think about it, my love," she whispered before giving him a swift kiss and following her son up the stairs to finish getting ready. Regulus silently hoped she would do something with Caelum's hair before coming back down. He tried not to be overbearing towards his children as his parents had been. Over the years he had even managed to let go of the worst of his family's prejudice and customs. Ensuring his family looked their best before leaving the house was too ingrained in him to let go of anytime soon though. Aside from not seeing any harm in taking pride in the way his family presented themselves in general, they were also Blacks. The majority of France may not be as familiar with his family's reputation, but he wouldn't be forgetting it anytime soon. Regulus had a fairly good day of teaching at Beauxbatons Academy. His first class had been fourth years, which included his daughter. He had been able to pull her aside after her final exam to have a nice chat about why she was much too good for the Andrae brat. It went about as well as any discussion of that nature between a father and teenage daughter could. His day got immensely better when said daughter's boyfriend graced him with his presence in his very next class. Fortunately, with OWLs not being taken at Beauxbatons until sixth year, he had more flexibility in testing his fifth year students. He had asked for a volunteer to be the target for which the other students took their practical exam. When no one offered to be their guinea pig, he took great satisfaction in volunteering Andrae. It had been clear by his classmates' reactions that they had understood the implication of why was chosen. It was only in good fun of course. He cast enough protective spells to ensure no student would be injured in his classroom. Still, Regulus couldn't deny it had been fun watching him squirm. It was well known that Professor Black could be a bit overprotective when it came to his children. Despite what his wife said, he couldn't think of any good reason not to 'make an example' of his daughter's first boyfriend. Even teachers had their reputations to maintain, after all. His last class had been bittersweet as it was of seventh years and likely the last time he would ever see some of those 'kids'- who were technically adults now. He had taught most of them since they had been eleven, the same age Caelum was now. He had watched them as they learned the most basic of disarming spells until now as they were demonstrating various levels of success in casting patronus charms. The graduating class this year had begun their education at Beauxbatons in the same year he started his teaching career. It made him feel extremely old to think about. As Regulus returned home with Caelum (Carina had unsurprisingly opted to return home with her friends) that evening he felt an unexplainable sense of unease. His left forearm still ached on occasion from malaise, though it had not properly 'burned' in well over fifteen years. He thought perhaps he was being paranoid, but couldn't quite shake the feeling that something terrible was looming. Just as his son was trying to talk him into playing a game of 'snitches only' quidditch before dark, it happened. His left forearm burned - a summons. It was not as agonizing or demanding of attention as it once would have been, but certainly enough to make him uncomfortable. Of course, the discomfort was nothing compared to the anxiety he felt. 'Padfoot' impatiently waited for Remus outside Sturgis Podmore's house. He had listened to Harry recant the horrors he experienced in the graveyard earlier in the night only to have left him less than an hour later. He was his godfather, yet rarely had been able to act as such in the past fifteen years. Tonight he was given his first true opportunity to be a parental figure, and he almost immediately left him to find Remus and 'round up the old gang' on Dumbledore's orders. It was necessary, of course, but he still felt guilty for leaving Harry so quickly. He tried to tell himself that it didn't matter that he left, that Harry understood. He knew he could have only stayed in the capacity of 'Padfoot' and would therefore not have been very useful to his godson. Besides, Harry was now in the care of Molly Weasley, a woman with more parental instincts than Sirius could ever hope to have. None of that could make him forget the disappointment he had seen in Harry's eyes as he left him though. Making matters worse was that Sirius was equally useless in the task of recruiting the old members of the Order as he had been at comforting Harry. Considering his presumed status of 'Voldemort's Right Hand Man', and an Azkaban Escapee , he couldn't argue Remus' point that it was best for him to stay hidden in his dog form while he explained the finer points of Voldemort's rebirth to the former Order members. He was pulled from his miserable dog thoughts when Remus returned, "Ready to go, Snuffles?" Sirius, the dog, yelped in agreement before leading Remus into a copse of trees where he could transform back into his human form. "How'd it go?" Sirius asked once transformed. "As well as can be expected. He is eager to hear from Dumbledore." Of course he was, Sirius thought. The first Order meeting couldn't happen fast enough. "Does Podmore still have that awful haircut?" He wondered aloud. "It looks as thatched as ever," Remus confirmed with a half-smile. "How did Harry seem to be handling things? You never said." Sirius shrugged, "He's a tough kid. He's been through so much though… I thought I might see about keeping him with me this summer- away from the Dursley's. Do you think Dumbledore would allow it?" "Only one way to find out," Remus answered thoughtfully. "I think it's time to call it a night though. I could barely get Podmore to come to the door when I showed up and he's always had a habit of staying up later than most." "Not to mention we've pretty much visited everyone who was in the Order last time that is still alive…" "Impressive statistics," Remus said glumly. "Are you going back to your place in Yorkshire?" Remus nodded, "You're welcome to come with me if you need a place to stay." Sirius hesitated, "I think I'll check out Grimmauld Place," he answered with obvious distaste. "Aside from Hogwarts, it's probably the safest place in Britain. It's been left empty since my dear mother passed... Could be ideal for meetings." Regulus pushed open the front door of number twelve Grimmauld Place with a profound sense of sadness. He gave a passing glance to the deteriorating furnishings and portraits as he made his way up the stairs to his childhood bedroom. Despite the age of everything, it had been kept in fairly good repair. He had visited shortly after hearing of his mother's death. Upon his visit, he had found Kreacher and taken him back to France with him. Sometime later, the house elf requested to be allowed to see to both houses. Seeing no harm in it, and not wanting his childhood home to deteriorate further, Kreacher had been allowed to apparate himself to Grimmauld Place every couple of weeks to dust and take care of any magical infestations that arose. Regulus had always been less thrilled to visit. To him, there was a fine line between tranquility and loneliness, and no place toed that line better than Grimmauld Place. He had not come here for peace or even solitude tonight. In truth, he didn't know why he had come at all. He could have sent Kreacher to check on the locket, the locket that he had risked his life in exchange for all those years ago. He caught sight of himself in a mirror on the second landing and was struck by how little his appearance had changed