AN: I *think* this is my first attempt at writing Bella with one of the normal human guys. I was slightly inspired by another Bella/Mike one shot that is completely adorable- Those Who Wait by BookwormBaby2580. It's under my favorites. I am marking this complete as a one shot, but feel free to follow because I may add more little things later if I get inspired. I kind of love this Mike. I sighed quietly when the bell over the door jingled, then plastered on a smile to greet whoever decided to shop five minutes before closing. Dusting my hands off on my pants leg, I stood and turned, freezing in shock when I saw who was waiting there. "Hey, Mike. Sorry for coming in so late—I remember how much you hate that." She blushed and fidgeted, looking away from me as she hovered just inside the door. I took a minute to study her—taking in her oversized hoodie, old sweatpants, and her hair piled up in a messy knot on top of her head. My smile widened when I saw the pencil sticking out of her hair. She'd never looked more beautiful. I didn't even think when I strode across the store, pulling her into my arms for a hug that I couldn't resist. "Bella! What are you doing here? I thought you moved back east with the Cullens?" She stiffened in my arms, and I silently cursed myself for bringing up that name. I still hadn't forgotten how she looked the last time they left her. I was surprised when she didn't pull away from me, but only stepped back a bit so she could look up at my face. This close, I was stunned again by her beauty. She didn't have on a stitch of makeup, but her skin glowed like a model in a magazine. "Um, no, I...um, well…" she blushed again as she stammered and I grinned down at her, reaching to push a piece of hair behind her ear. "Yes, you…?" I teased, pulling her close again, nudging her side. Then it was my turn to freeze. Bella's waist was decidedly thicker than the last time I'd seen her, just after graduation. "Bella? Are you…?" To my horror, she covered her face with her hands and leaned her head against me and started crying. Not just a few tears—full, loud sobs. I could still feel the small, but firm roundness of her stomach pressing against me. When she didn't slow down, I reached over and flipped the closed sign over, turning the lock on the door. Then I lead her to the back room, and over to the break table. She sat when I directed her, and accepted the napkins I handed her with a grateful, if snotty, smile. I didn't say anything as she tried to calm herself, just took her free hand in mine, running my thumb across her knuckles. Her skin was so soft, and she smelled so good, just like she always had. Bella never wore strong perfume like the other girls at school, just light scents like strawberry and vanilla. Once she stopped crying, she slowly pulled her hand out of mine and looked up at me shyly. I could tell she was embarrassed, but I hoped she would open up to me. "Bella, if you need to talk, I'm here. I won't tell anyone—they're all off at school anyway." Well, all except for Jessica, who was shacking up with Bella's big Indian down in La Push. Eyeing her again, I tried to figure out exactly how pregnant she looked. I knew Bella and Jacob broke up in May, just before graduation, and she went back to Cullen pretty quick after that. I guessed the baby could be either of theirs, but that still didn't explain why she was alone. Wiping her nose again, she finally spoke. "I'm sorry, Mike. I haven't really been out much lately, and I guess my hormones got away from me. I really only came out here to buy my dad a new fishing pole for his birthday." I nodded, the salesman in me mentally going through our inventory for the best fit, "I can certainly help you with that, but I don't mind helping with anything else either." That must have been the right thing to say, because Bella began talking. She told me how she dated Jacob, and how surprised she was when the Cullens came back to Forks over spring break. She said Edward begged her to take him back, but she loved Jake and stayed faithful to him. She talked about the graduation bonfire, where my then-girlfriend Jessica met her then-boyfriend Jake, and we were both unceremoniously dumped. She added that she found out she was pregnant a week later, but that Jacob wanted nothing to do with her or the baby. Edward was her rebound guy, but after making himself indispensable to her, he said he changed his mind, and that he just couldn't see himself raising another man's baby. The Cullens flitted off into the sunset again, our classmates all headed off to college, and Bella apparently became a hermit living with her father. As I watched her face, I couldn't stop thinking what complete idiots both Cullen and Black were. They'd both had the most beautiful girl in Forks and they'd both thrown her away. What were they thinking? "I'm sorry, Mike. I didn't mean to ramble on about my problems. I'm sure it's the last thing you want to hear about. Why don't you tell me what you've been up to? No college plans?" I shook my head and grinned, not missing the way her eyes followed my movements when I ran my hand through my hair. "I'm taking a few business classes at Peninsula College—I drive over to Port A twice a week. Other than that, I'm working here, still learning the business. Dad wants to open a new store once he thinks I'm ready to handle it myself." Bella was looking at me as if she'd never seen me before. Her beautiful brown eyes were wide, with a look of awe almost. She asked a few more questions about my classes, and listened to my ideas about the store. When she blushed and asked to use the bathroom, I took the opportunity to show her my loft apartment above the back room. We sat on my couch talking for hours, and when she fell asleep on my shoulder I took a minute to think. I was pretty sure I'd fallen in love with Bella Swan the first time I saw her, but she'd never really looked at me that way. The closest I'd gotten was a date with her and that stupid Black, and while I ended up with the stomach flu, he ended up with her . After speaking with her, I could tell that the girl I knew had changed—grown up a bit with the heartache she'd faced and the hurdles ahead of her. What she didn't know was that I had grown up too. It had only been a few months since we graduated, but my dad hadn't cut me any slack. When I told him I wanted to follow in the family business, he treated me like any other employee, no special treatment. Without Tyler and the other guys at school around, I also quit trying so hard. I knew I had probably come across as obnoxious to Bella, and I hoped she would give me a chance to show her the real me. She was certainly worth knowing. An odd buzzing sound caught my attention as Bella shifted against my shoulder. I realized her phone was in the front pocket of her hoodie, and she was showing no signs of waking any time soon. I shifted my arm around her and slipped the phone out, answering it when I saw it was her dad. I didn't want him to worry about where she was. "Hey, Chief. It's Mike Newton." " Mike? Where's Bella? Is she okay?" "Yeah, she's here with me. She stopped by the store and we got to talking, and she fell asleep on my couch. She looked pretty tired and I didn't want to wake her, but if you'd like I can drive her home." The phone was silent long enough that I pulled the screen back to see if he was still there. " She… she talked to you?" I grinned, thinking back to our conversation and how open her face was as she spoke. "Yes, sir. We caught up on everything that's been going on since graduation. I think we're just about the only ones left around here that didn't take off for school." Charlie sighed and cleared his throat. " Um, if you don't mind, can you let her sleep there? She hasn't been sleeping well lately, and I worry about her. I'm glad she had you to talk to." "Sure thing, Chief. I'll let her know you called." Part of me couldn't believe that Chief Swan just left me in charge of his pregnant daughter, but then I thought back to last year when she was wasting away, withdrawing from all of us and pining after Cullen. I wondered if he was worried about her doing the same thing again, especially since she didn't have school every day to pull her out of bed. Still, she didn't look as depressed as she had been then. She looked healthy, from what I could tell, and her hair was clean, even if she still didn't put any effort into fixing it. That was just Bella though. She was the definition of low maintenance. Knowing I needed to finish closing the store, I gently laid her back on the couch, slipping a pillow under her head and covering her with a light blanket. I couldn't stop myself from brushing her hair back out of her face again, smiling when she sighed and settled back deeper in sleep. I was floating on clouds as I tallied the register and locked the gun case, whistling as I turned on the alarm and headed back upstairs. I was surprised to find Bella sitting up when I came through the door, holding her phone against her ear and talking quietly. "Okay, dad. I'll see you tomorrow. Love you too. Bye." I tried to make a little noise as I closed the door and dropped my keys on the table. She looked up and her face heated in that trademark blush that was so cute on her. "I'm sorry I fell asleep on you, Mike." I grinned as I sat back down beside her. She shivered when I brushed her hair back that time, and I let my hand linger a little bit, tracing down the side of her face. I tilted my head and leaned closer to her, hoping she wouldn't pull away. "I'm not sorry at all, Arizona. You can fall asleep on me anytime." The smile she gave me at her old nickname made something soft and girly melt inside me. I may have wanted Bella before, but now there was something that made me need her. I brushed my thumb over her cheek and watched as her little pink tongue peeked out to wet her lips. Her big brown eyes were staring right into mine, and I was holding my breath as she started to lean in. ~JR~ I was beginning to think that Jacob was right—Edward must have kept me dazzled all the time. How else could I have missed seeing what was right in front of me all this time? Mike's eyes were the clearest blue, open and honest, with no supernatural secrets or superhuman abilities. They got darker when he was aroused, not because he was trying not to drink my blood. And his skin was so warm—not hot, not cold, but deliciously warm. I knew I was dangerously close to sinking back