Title: Hard at Work Pairing: Bella/Paul Rating: M Genre: Romance/Humor Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. AN: This is a special gift for my dear twitter friend AnneValkyria. She shares my Paul Lahote/Alex Meraz obsession, and she is a constant source of delicious new photos to inspire me. I was stuck on ideas for the Tricky Raven Men in Uniform Labor Day contest, until she posted the pic that is now the cover for this story. To my immense surprise, I won first place! So huge thanks to all the TR peeps who voted for my story, and here it is for the rest of you! :) ~o~o~o~o~o~o~ Hard at Work ~o~o~o~o~o~o~ She Said: Is he there? I mean, it's not like I'm actually looking or anything. I can't help it that I have to park over on this side of the parking lot and walk past the new addition to the school every morning . That's where they told us to park—that's all. Calm down, Bella. Sheesh. No need to get your panties in a wad… or soak them… What was I saying? Oh right, time to get out of my car and go to work. Is my hair okay? Don't be obvious, just a quick glance in the mirror as I pull the useless sun visor down. Hair—decent. Makeup—well, I've never been the greatest at that. Clothes… of course I always leave the top three buttons open on my blouse. Oh, that's four? Whoops. I'll fix it when I get inside. Now I just have to get out of my car without falling down. Keep my head down and make sure there are no major potholes or tightropes or escaped gorillas between my car and the school, and I should be fine. My legs look pretty good I think—a little longer than they were in high school, and a little curvier too. Nothing to be ashamed of. The pencil skirt may be asking for trouble, but it just looks perfect with my white blouse and loose bun. I admit it; I was going for the naughty school teacher look. The jeers and catcalls are not unexpected, but I jerk my head around when I could have sworn I heard a… growl? No, that's impossible. It doesn't matter, because the next instant my stupid feet slip out from under me and I crash headlong into a solid wall of hot and sweaty flesh. Damn, he smells good. How in the hell can a sweaty man smell good ? "You okay there?" His voice is so close—right in my ear as his strong arms hold me up. I feel my cheeks burning as I take in his dirty work boots, his tight, paint-splattered jeans that mold to every massive muscle in his thick, sturdy legs, and then– Oh, holy mother of pearl—the man is shirtless. He is not wearing a shirt. There is no shirt on that man's body. Houston, we have a problem. I pull my eyes painfully away from the flawless planes of smooth muscles and ridged abs to attempt to make eye contact. Of course the day I decide to fall down is the day he decides to work his construction job half-naked. Is that even OSHA compliant? One rough knuckle gentle prods my chin up, and the first thing I see is his yellow hard hat tipped back on his head. His face is perfect, but I already knew that. I'm finally close enough to see that his gorgeous eyes are a deep brown, just a few shades darker than my own. And what big eyes you have… I've never seen more beautiful eyes in my entire life. I could drown in them, like luscious pools of dark chocolate—or some other romantic shit like that. I stare at him long enough to realize I have been staring entirely too long, but he is too! Oh my god, why is he staring at me? Is there something on my face? Did my hair fall down when I almost did? Why. Is. He. Still. Staring?! I duck my head and start to lean back, but his arm is tight around my waist like a steel girder. And that's not the only steel around here… Is that a hammer in your pants, or are you really happy to see me? Raucous laughter finally shakes me out of my daze and I glance around at the audience we have gathered. My fellow teachers are arriving, and his fellow construction workers are all staring at us like we're the most interesting thing in the world. He eases his grip just enough that I can stand, and shakes his head a bit as he swipes his hat from his head and rubs his wrist across his damp hair. I think he's muttering something about "unbelievable"—probably a response to my incredible clumsiness. After another second or two he's turning those magnetic eyes back my way, and I'm completely done for. I think I melt into something resembling a puddle of goo as his mouth stretches into a sinful grin and he murmurs, "Hey babe, I'm Paul." Paul. Paul. Paul. Paul. Is that his name or the sound of my heart racing? Damn, I really need to lay off the cheesy romance novels. Oh, and maybe respond to his introduction. "Bella!" I blurt out with no further explanation, triggering another full body blush. I am such an idiot. I almost freeze again as he leans toward me, his nose ridiculously close to my neck. I clear my throat and try again. "I'm– mmm, uh, I'm sorry. My name is Bella. Bella Swan." I know I'm not imagining the way he freezes this time, or the strange light of fear in his eyes. He carefully steps back and puts a good foot of space between us before ducking his head and studying his boots. "Um, Chief Swan's daughter?" Well, fuck. If he knows my dad in an official capacity, that's not great. Of course, maybe that's not it. Paul looks like he might be Quileute, and Charlie still spends every free moment he has down on the rez, especially since he and Sue Clearwater started dating. Maybe that's how he knows him. "Yes…?" I answer tentatively as I make an effort to smooth down my skirt and pat my hair back into place. I know there's somewhere I'm supposed to be right now, besides staring holes in the top of Paul's head, but… I hear a sharp whistle somewhere off to his left, and his head jerks to the side almost without his permission. I don't see the man he responds to with a brief nod, but he turns back to me with a charming smile and reaches for my hand. My whole arm tingles when he pulls a pen out from his back pocket and scrawls a series of numbers across my damp palm. He follows the action with a soft kiss to my wrist that instantly turns my knees to jelly, and he looks up with a rascally smirk that lets me know he's aware of that. "Listen, I gotta get back to work, but call me this afternoon. I wanna see you again, babe." I'm nodding before I even process the words, but it takes him physically turning me toward the school to get my feet moving in the right direction again. I have no idea what happens throughout the day; my mind is stuck on a tall, tan, gorgeous man outside building the extra classrooms that Forks High apparently needs. My window looks out over the parking lot, but I can't see the building site from my desk. Of course, that doesn't stop me from walking around as I talk to the students about Romeo and Juliet, for once not even thinking about my former high school sweetheart who used to quote lines from the play in his smooth velvet voice. That guy was a douche. When my final class is busy writing an essay, I pull out my phone and type in his number, saving it under Paul SexyBeast, since I don't know his actual last name. I debate over what to text him, finally deciding that "Hey, I'm free tonight if you want to get together" doesn't sound too desperate. Right? Not desperate at all. What can I say, it's been a while. The last guy I hooked up with was a drunken rebound in college, and I've been staring at this man for past week since I started work here at the school. I'm not surprised that it took him this long to notice me, but I am a little surprised at his apparent interest. After a few short text exchanges, he agrees to meet me at the diner at six. I think about running home to change, but if Charlie is there then that will open a whole new can of worms. Instead, I apply a bit more makeup and allow my hair to fall around my shoulder in soft waves. I also pop that fourth button that has been keeping my shirt PG all day. I take a gamble and park my car next to a black truck with a massive set of work boots sticking out between the cab and the bed. A glance in the window shows his familiar hard hat keeping the seat warm, and I can't help but picture him in nothing but that hat and some tight black boxers. He stands when I walk in the door, drawing every eye in the place to the two of us. I can't help but roll my eyes—so much for keeping things quiet. Charlie will probably know who I'm with and where before we even get our food. I relax as we work our way through a casual meal—though my garden burger is much smaller than the three double cheeseburgers with bacon that he ordered. Clearly the man can eat. I'm a little disappointed when he walks me to my car with nothing but a small, chaste kiss, but I'm not so easily deterred. I rise up on my toes and pull his face back down for more, shivering when he lets out a sound that definitely sounds like a growl. "Paul? Can we go back to your place?" He Said: Holy fuck, this woman's gonna kill me. I tried my damnedest to be a gentleman—a concept I was not the least bit familiar with. All I had to go on were Jake's memories of his "Bells," and he hadn't even seen her since before he phased. This woman before me was nothing like that girl. It was bad enough that I'd been smelling her arousal every morning for the past week as she came to work in those sexy little schoolmarm outfits. She probably thought I hadn't noticed her, but that couldn't be further from the truth. I didn't notice most women. I let them come to me in bars, or the regulars just knocked on my door for a quick roll in the hay. I didn't seek them out to date though. I knew from the beginning that Bella was different. Even before I knew who she was I realized she was worth more than a quick hook-up to scratch an itch. I just had no idea how much more. My imprint. I still can't wrap my head around that concept. I'm pretty sure the whole pack had given up on that possibility once even the youngest pups found their own imprints. I had accepted the fact that I was a lone wolf—no mate necessary. Then she literally fell into my arms. Sam gave me stern dressing down when I told him about Bella, and he even had Jacob call me