AN: This is a new little one shot that just kind of came to me. I have had multiple requests for more poly, so here is my first wolf attempt. This DOES contain slash (M/M), so if that's not your thing then you probably won't like it. Huge thanks to the wonderful and amazing ChrissiHR both for inspiring me with her wonderful smuttiness, and also for giving this a read-through and clean-up before I posted. Title: Unbreakable Genre: Romance, Hurt/Comfort Rating: M Pairing: Bella/Jacob/Embry Words: 4,300 Beta: ChrissiHR Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: "Rumors circulated about their relationship, but no one could understand why Jacob didn't just do something . Until one day, he did." ~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~ Unbreakable Bella woke slowly, perfectly content to remain in her warm cocoon. The morning light was streaming in, but they had nowhere to go and she had no intention of moving until one of her boys decided to wake. Rolling over she came face to face with Embry, something that did not surprise her in the least. If she wasn't in the middle of their little puppy pile, then Embry normally was. His face was relaxed in sleep, the furrow between his thick brows almost completely gone. She couldn't resist running her finger through the shallow trough, a pang of sorrow hitting her once more at the reminder of all Embry had lost. As she studied his lax face, Jake's head suddenly rose up behind the sleeping wolf with a tender smile for his imprint. At the same time, his large hand drifted up from Embry's waist to his chest, curling tightly around their lover with a distinctly possessive air. They both knew that today would be especially difficult. It was hard to believe it had been two years since their lives changed so dramatically. What had started out as a typical Saturday quickly turned tragic when Charlie drove onto the rez. Embry happened to be visiting their house, and he'd been distracted for the past hour or so, rubbing his chest in discomfort and trembling slightly with the need to phase. Jacob tensed at the somber look on Charlie's face, and Bella slipped under her mate's arm for reassurance. The news was tragic. Embry's imprint of less than a month had been killed in a car accident on her way home from Port Angeles. Jake barely had time to pull the devastated wolf out the door before he phased in anguish. The next week was a testimony to the strength of their pack, and the unwavering devotion of Jake as their alpha. In the woods behind the Black house, a large furry pile of wolves spent their days and nights huddled around their mourning brother, while Bella and the other imprints camped out inside, keeping the wolves fed and themselves busy. One by one, each single wolf and mated pair eventually left—slowly moving on with their lives while Embry was still frozen in grief. Quil and Jake were the only ones who remained—Quil, as his blood brother, and Jake as his best friend. It was hard for Quil to see his brother hurting this way. Embry had stood by him when their father was killed, even though Embry hadn't known at the time that the older Quil actually sired them both. It wasn't until after Embry phased that the deceased fisherman's philandering ways came to light. Quil took it all in stride, welcoming his brother into their family. Jake was a rock for them both. He'd taken over as alpha just a few months prior, as Sam wanted to stop phasing and start a family with Emily. This was Jacob's first real test in his new position, and he was proving his mettle with each difficult day. After ten days in wolf form, Embry was completely spent. Jake quietly ordered him to phase back, and he and Quil helped the broken wolf into the house. Bella waved Quil off at that point, telling him to go home and rest. She would handle things from there. Quil nodded, exhausted. He knew better than to argue with the alpha's mate. Jacob never stopped to consider the fact that he was not the least bit jealous when Bella helped to bathe a helpless Embry, or when she directed him to tuck the wolf into their own bed. She stayed with Embry while Jake took his turn in the shower, and then gratefully finished off the sandwiches she had left out for him. There was something about eating with his hands that made him feel more human again. When the young alpha stepped into his bedroom, he paused at the doorway. The scene before him both soothed his spirit and broke his heart. Embry—who had spent the past week and a half mourning silently, stoically—was curled up with his head in Bella's lap as he cried deep, soul-wrenching sobs. Bella looked up when she sensed Jacob's presence, and her own tears drew him to the bed. Her soft hands were combing through Embry's hair, soothing the wolf as much as the man. Knowing just how much touch meant to the pack, Jacob didn't hesitate to slide into bed and curl his larger body around his friend's. For the first time since they heard the news, Jake began to hope. None of them would speak the words into the pack mind, but he knew that everyone was waiting. Waiting for Embry to snap, or for his wolf to run feral, or simply for his heart to stop. The little they knew about imprinting had led them to believe that a wolf could not survive without his mate. No one wanted to lose Embry, but they were worried that it might be a foregone conclusion. But here in his den, in his very nest, Jacob saw a glimmer of hope for the bereaved wolf. If he and Bella could provide solace and support during this time of mourning, maybe Embry would someday be able to move past this unbearable pain and loss. Maybe he could have a future. Time moved slowly for Bella, Jake, and Embry. The rest of the pack watched—perplexed—as Embry gradually became a part of the Black household. Billy wasn't sure what to think, but when he made the mistake of questioning Jake's judgment, he learned quickly that his son was adamant about healing his broken pack mate. The pack could see where Jacob might feel responsible for Embry's continued well-being, but the imprinted wolves especially couldn't understand just how close the three were to each other. Embry still slept in their bed, most of the time in the middle so that he was swaddled between two warm, living, breathing bodies. He seemed to need the reassurance of life, spending hours with his head resting on one of their chests just listening to a steady heartbeat. Bella fended off pointed questions when people would stop by to see her and Embry home alone together, while Jake was at work or on patrol. Embry followed her like a lost puppy, and once he was stable enough to go out in public, he kept a death grip on her hand wherever they went. Rumors circulated about their relationship, but no one could understand why Jacob didn't just do something . Until one day, he did. Bella was over at Sam and Emily's house, helping her pick out colors for the nursery the imprints were designing. Emily was about six months along with the pack's first puppy, and all the girls wanted to help the new parents any way they could. She had left the boys home napping together after a late night patrol where Embry actually tagged along for once. Jacob had taken him off the schedule because he simply wasn't in the right frame of mind to handle the responsibility, but Embry's wolf seemed to thrive on the familiar routine of running borders and checking scents. Jacob was the first to wake, and it took him a minute to realize what exactly had roused him from his sleep. When they had laid down, Embry had been hugging Bella's pillow while Jake basically spooned him from behind. It wasn't anything strange for them—they'd been sleeping that way for almost three months. Something was different this time, though. Jake opened groggy eyes to see that he was facing Embry, still holding him tightly in his arms. What woke him up wasn't Embry's breath in his face—it was his heavily aroused cock pressing tightly against Jacob's equally hard erection. As Jacob tried to get his bearings, Embry rolled his hips forward once more, sending a shocking jolt of pleasure through Jake. That same movement was enough to wake Embry, and his eyes popped open to meet Jacob's heavy-lidded gaze. Both men froze, eyes locked, for the space of several heartbeats. Just as Embry was about to move away, Jacob leaned forward and pressed the lightest of kisses to the other boy's mouth, then leaned his head back to gauge Embry's reaction. Embry had no idea what to think. He'd been going through the motions of living since his sweet little Katie was cruelly ripped from his life. If it wasn't for Jake and Bella, he honestly had no idea where he would be. At the same time, he was terrified of moving forward. He knew he needed to get on with his life, and let his friends get back to theirs, but he didn't have a clue how exactly to go about doing that. He needed them both too much. And as much as he hated to admit it, Embry needed intimacy. He thrived on the physical contact he received from Jake and Bells, but at the same time, he needed more . He was a young, virile wolf, and he had… certain needs. What he never once considered was the fact that Jake was willing to help him out with those needs as well. Deeply in tune with his pack, Jacob sensed the fear and aching loneliness in Embry. He leaned forward to rest his forehead against Embry's and reached up to cup his jaw in one massive, steady hand. His eyes wouldn't allow the other wolf to look away as he breathed out, certain, " You need this. " Embry whimpered in a strange combination of apprehension and desire, and Jacob's eyes darted down to the other boy's slightly pouty bottom lip. Just as Embry pulled that same lip between his teeth, Jacob attacked. The hand that was tenderly holding Embry's jaw reached around to grip his hair tightly, possessively. Jacob's full lips covered Embry's with security and reassurance. There was no hesitation in the alpha's movements, just the typical passion that Jake brought to everything he did. Their bodies moved without conscious thought, hips rocking together in a frantic rhythm while Jacob's tongue mapped every square inch of Embry's mouth. Embry surrendered with a moan that was answered by a low growl from Jacob. His hands reached up to wrap around his alpha's strong back, clinging to him almost desperately as his senses were filled with the comforting taste and scent of his best friend and leader. It took every ounce of self-control that Jacob possessed to break the kiss. He'd been unprepared for just how powerful his own reaction would be, or how much his wolf approved. There was just one thing that needed to be addressed. He slowed his movements and drew his head back slightly, pressing a gentle kiss to Embry's lips, followed by another to his forehead. Unwilling to let the other man go, he pulled Embry's head down to his chest and combed steady fingers through the wolf's shaggy hair. Embry's heart seized painfully with the sting of rejection,