AN: One year ago today, I posted my very first story here on fanfiction. Since then I have written many different pairings, and many different styles. Today, I have a story I've been working on for quite a while (as in several months)- my first attempt at Bella Volturi. For those who might be squeamish about this pairing, I made Alec 16 when he was changed, and I also took some liberties with his gift. This is a very different concept of vampire mating from my norm as well. Just bear with me. Everything canon happened up to the throne room in New Moon. So, here ya go... ~Mutiny~ Marcus POV I carefully schooled my features, trying to maintain my affected mask of boredom and disinterest. It wouldn't do to draw attention to myself when these two young lovers were already in enough trouble of their own. The boy, Edward, caught my attention when he came here a few days ago begging for his death. I knew he read my sympathetic thoughts, as he gave me a slight nod when he caught my eye. The misery that oozed from his every pore was so familiar in its intensity that I felt an instant kinship with the boy. He had found his mate in a human, and was reluctant to change her in fear for her soul. It was a misguided notion, but one born out of his absolute love for her. He somehow summoned the strength of will to leave the girl behind to live a normal human life. From his appearance, he must have holed up in seclusion somewhere during the months following, but word still managed to reach him and he heard of the girl's demise, at her own hand no less! It was clear that she suffered the strain of their bond as much as he had, if she saw no other option apart from death. Aro, however, would not honor his request, thinking the boy could be bound to the Volturi and his gift exploited for my brother's own use. He did not believe their bond was that of mates, simply because I could not detect it with my gift. As usual, Aro was blind to what he chose not to see. The bond was clearly there, strong, if strained, on his end. However, I could not see the other side of the bond- not because it was broken in death, like my own, but because it was somehow masked. I did not understand what this meant until Edward returned to our court under guard with his sister and his lost love, alive after all! With the girl in front of me, and two vampires with whom she was closely bound, I was able to study her further. What I discovered was shocking to say the least- I was unable to see her. It was like nothing I had ever encountered, I could see the bonds on one end, but they disappeared into a black hole on her end. My mind instantly began to ponder the possibilities of such a gift. My interest peaked when Aro confirmed that neither his gift, nor Edward's would work on the girl, and the whole court was stunned into silence when even Jane's sadistic gift was deflected. Whoever this mortal was, she already more powerful than the whole of the Volturi. As a vampire, she would be unstoppable. Things went downhill quickly when young Edward heard Aro's thoughts- undoubtedly scheming of ways to tie them both to his side. He probably coveted the Seer as well, but it would not be wise to provoke the God of War. I wondered briefly if he was as tightly bound to these two as his mate was, or if he kept his distance from the rest of the Cullens. Aro would be wise to consider these things before making an enemy of our long-time ally, Carlisle. However, Aro has never been one for rational thought. He and Cauis were too often ruled by their emotions, and it looked like the boy was about to cross both of them. His direct attack and defiance left little room for leniency, but I couldn't bear to watch the boy's demise. "No! Edward! Please don't do this! I'll do anything! You can have me instead! Take me, don't hurt him, please!" The girl's anguished cries were cut off as Alec pulled her out of harm's way. A slight flick of my wrist had him leading her to my throne, where I shocked everyone by pulling her into my arms. "Shh, piccola , you mustn't watch this," I murmured to her as I held my cloak to block her view. The Volturi have perfected the art of execution over the centuries, but this one seemed especially quick. She did not even finish moaning his name before he was a smoldering pile of ash in the middle of the floor. Although she could not see, she crumpled over in agony the instant he was burned, and my own bond ached in commiseration as I relived the loss of my dear, sweet Didyme. I continued to soothe the frail human girl in my arms as she sobbed inconsolably. It wasn't until Aro cleared his throat that I realized I had become something of a spectacle in the midst of the proceedings. Even the most stoic guards were staring in awe as I comforted the small human that most were viewing as little more than a snack. "Brother, if you are quite finished, may we continue here?" I despised Aro's blatant disregard for the girl's grief, and reached my hand out to let him know. "Yes, well, be that as it may, we do have a schedule to keep here. Now, what shall we do with the human?" She didn't respond, which let me know she was deeply mourning and there would be little that could sway her at such a time as this. My brothers pretended to banter back and forth, with Caius calling for her death, which we all knew Aro would never allow to happen. No, this poor little bird would be sentenced to the death I have been living for centuries- eternity without her mate. "So, Isabella will be joining us, now who should be the one to change her?" Aro's clearly rhetorical question caught my attention, and I found myself answering almost without thought. "I'll do it." The throne room was silent once again, as I shocked them with my interest, and Aro's eyes narrowed in suspicion as he reached for my hand. If you must curse her to this life, she will need someone who understands her pain. I can console her, and teach her our ways. I have no mate to be jealous. He flinched almost imperceptibly at my subtle jab, but appeared to be considering my words. "Alright. Marcus will change the girl, and monitor her training. Go ahead, brother. You may take your leave," I despised being dismissed like a common guard, but my blank expression gave nothing away as I turned to exit the throne room. The girl did not say another word as I carried her swiftly through the castle. I didn't realize I had carried her to my own chambers until I started to place her on my dusty, unused bed. Sticking my head through the door, I called for someone to change the bedding, and I kept my eyes on my new charge while we waited. Her skin was blotchy and red from the tears that still flowed down her cheeks. Her brown eyes were swollen, and she kept them clenched tightly closed as she attempted to live with the constant pain that comes with losing the other half to your soul. On one hand, I hoped she would lose a bit of the pain with her change, but I also knew she would cling to anything that would keep her lost lover alive in her memory. When you have nothing left, even pain can be a blessing. Her eyes finally opened when I laid her gently on my bed, brushing her hair back from her face with an almost paternal feeling. She was so young, about the same age my Didyme was when she was changed. Her hair and eyes were remarkably similar to my mate's as well; it was almost like seeing a ghost, except that my Didyme was always smiling. Shaking those thoughts away, I looked at Isabella. "Do you know what is to happen now?" I asked her softly, just to be sure she was well enough to undergo the change. Frowning, she narrowed her eyes and spat out, "Yes. I'm going to become a vampire, and then I'm going to kill Aro. If you don't want that to happen, you might as well kill me now." My eyes lit up at her passionate declaration and I leaned closer to whisper in her ear, "I will do everything I can to help you, piccola . But do not speak of these things outside of this room, or to anyone else. We will have to work quietly to avoid suspicion." She looked at me in shock, obviously not expecting my reaction. "Why would you want to help me?" I could feel my eyes darken as I stared at this human who was determined to change my world. "Because, piccola , he killed my mate as well. His death is long past due." ~Mutiny~ She didn't make a sound the entire time she was burning, and I wondered at first if she would even pull through. The only reassurance I had was the steadily growing sire bond that disappeared into the black hole surrounding her. There was something else, a tender protectiveness that developed as her skin hardened and smoothed out, subtly enhancing the beauty she already possessed. Most of the castle steered clear of my quarters, but a few ventured near out of curiosity. Aro stopped by to make sure I had changed her and not killed her out of pity, but he didn't search my thoughts for my reasoning, something I was extremely grateful for. The next visitor shouldn't have surprised me, but I was still startled when Alec knocked softly on my door, waiting to be invited in. He joined my silent vigil, watching Bella's change with apparent passive disinterest. But Alec learned from the best how to mask his emotions, and the fraternal bond developing on his part could not lie. What was more interesting, however, was the fact that his bond with Jane was even more strained than usual, and I instantly added him to our potential circle of usurpers. Alec and I understood each other, even if he didn't completely know why. His mate was killed two hundred years ago, but he never discovered that his own sister, Jane, was her executioner. Just as Aro destroyed my Didyme, Jane killed Alec's mate out of pure spiteful jealousy. She did not want anyone having a higher place in his life than his sister. Alec was bound by Chelsea just as I was, but maybe my Isabella would tie him to herself as well. Caius arranged for several humans to be delivered around the time she was due to wake. I knew this was just another slap in the face to her; surely she would want to follow the Cullens' way of life, given the choice. Of course, she also would have wanted her mate by her side as well. Alec and I were the only ones in the room when she finally awoke, and I was surprised at her level of control. She shocked us further when she knelt before me in complete submission, making no aggressive moves toward either of us. "Master Marcus," her voice rang out like a clear bell, and I saw Alec suck in a breath as his bond with her flared brightly and his other ties weakened at once. I reached down to help her to