AN: This was written for The Blue Watch contest- for weather-related stories. I won the very aptly-named "The Storm Inside Award" chosen by swirlsofchaos. I have a very perfect award banner added on my bio now as well so go check it out! I have to say I really, really love this story. And that rarely happens, so I'm worried no one else will like it. That said, I would also like to go on record that I wrote a vamp/wolf fic without killing Jacob OR Edward, so everybody take note of that ;) Hope you like it! And have a Merry Christmas! -Cay TITLE: Tempest PAIRING: Jacob/Bella BETA: sabrina michaels SUMMARY: Bella sits on the cliffs watching a storm roll in while the wolves are hunting Victoria. Talking herself into jumping, she is stopped by Jacob who finally opens her eyes to what's been in front of her the whole time. Bella POV I drove up to the cliffs to wait for Jake, knowing that no matter where I was, he would be able to sniff me out. As I parked the truck and shrugged on my jacket, I realized that something about the air didn't feel quite right. The atmosphere was heavy, oppressive, and it did little to lift my dark mood. Jacob, my best friend, my sun, was out in the woods somewhere risking his life and it was all my fault. I was the human stupid enough to be lured in by vampires, and now the Pack was paying the price. The worst part was, I couldn't even confide to him just how fucked up my mind truly was. Jake had tried to help me out of the dark hole of my depression, reminding me to find joy in everyday things, but I really wasn't as "fixed" as he thought I was. Even our plans for the day—cliff diving—was something he thought we were doing to help me conquer my fear of heights. I wondered what he would say if I told him I really just needed the adrenaline rush and potential danger in order to hear the imaginary voice of my vampire ex-boyfriend. Even Jake's devotion wouldn't keep him here if he knew I really had lost my mind. Settling myself at the edge of the cliff, I turned my attention to the view around me. I hadn't noticed before, but the forest was strangely silent. The absence of wind left the trees standing as silent sentries, and the animals had all taken cover ahead of the impending storm. No bird calls or scampering little feet could be heard. I was sure there must be a wolf nearby—Jake hadn't left me unattended since he learned that Victoria was actually trying to get to me—but my weak human ears couldn't detect their presence. Besides, Billy said the pack had the red-head cornered up by the base of the mountain. If you could actually corner a vampire, something I sincerely doubted. A glance up at the clouds showed angry slate-colored swirls that didn't bode well for my impending jump. Jake would probably pull the over-protective card and back out on me again. I was really getting tired of being protected "for my own good." A sudden gust of wind caught my attention, and I glanced down to see the waves crashing angrily against the base of the cliff, spitting foam into the air with increasing regularity. A person would have to be crazy to jump into that. As I stared at the waves, my thoughts quickly turned darker. If I were gone, Victoria would have no reason to continue her relentless pursuit. Jake and the wolves would be safe, Charlie would be safe, and whoever she was using for meals would be safe. Just one could save so many—I was selfish, really, to fight so hard for my own lousy life. I tipped my head back to gaze up at the whirling clouds, the dark shades of grey that aptly mirrored my fractured soul. The faintest of smiles tilted my lips as the decision firmed up in my mind. Taking myself out of the equation was the best thing for me to do. My heart ached briefly as I pictured Jacob's devastated face. He would probably blame himself, but it wasn't his fault that I was just too broken to repair. Charlie would be sad, but it wasn't as if I had been the best company the past few months. I was doing him a favor, really. The first cold drops of rain felt cleansing as they fell like teardrops on my upturned face. They washed away the last traces of fear, and gave me hope for what I was leaving behind. My heart began to pound as I stretched my arms out, rising up slightly on my toes, and his voice finally reached me- Bella! My smile was relieved now. I wouldn't die alone. Bella, please! His words were immediately echoed by a louder voice, rougher and frantic, from the cliff adjacent– "Bella! Stop!" I didn't open my eyes to see which wolf had spotted me. It didn't matter; they would never be able to reach me in time. I knew it wasn't Jacob—I would recognize his voice anywhere. I felt it somewhere deep in my bones. My pulse was pounding in my ears as the anticipation rose up, and I gathered the last bit of courage I needed. I didn't realize the pounding was more than just my heart until I felt the rush of heat at my back as sharp teeth grabbed my jacket and jerked me back from the edge. The air rushed out of my lungs as I fell to the hard rocks, and it took me a minute to gather my wits and look behind me. I turned just in time to see the angry russet wolf phase seamlessly back to my angrier best friend. "Bella! What the fuck do you think you're doing?! Are you trying to get yourself killed?!" I couldn't answer because my bones rattled when he grabbed my arms and shook me roughly. His warmth chased the haze away, and I was instantly filled with remorse for what almost happened. I dropped my gaze, but Jacob wouldn't let me off that easy. He hauled me to my feet, jerking my chin up to face him, and the look in his eyes took my breath away. I had never seen him so enraged, so upset, so… unhinged? His eyes were dark black and narrowed with fury, and his nostrils flared with each jagged breath, like a horse that had been raced too hard. His normal sunny smile was long gone, teeth clenched tightly as his lips were thinned and drawn back in a ferocious snarl. He looked closer to his wolf in human form than I had ever seen—he actually looked a bit like Paul. He searched my face before dropping his eyes and hands to the rest of me, tracing over me with frantic urgency as he checked me for any injuries I might have sustained. He kissed my scraped palms with unexpected gentleness, though he still trembled as if he was fighting his wolf. I was startled when he pulled me roughly into his tight embrace, "Oh, Bells, I thought– I was almost– I just… God! Bells, why? Why would you do that? Why would you even consider it? Why would you leave me?" The last words came out a mere whisper, heavy with a pain that cut straight through me. He dropped to his knees suddenly, taking me with him in an undignified heap. I could feel his hot tears as he buried his face in my neck and hair, sobbing brokenly and almost hopelessly. I had to do something to fix this. "Shh, Jake. I'm sorry. I wasn't leaving you. I just…" I didn't know what to say. I couldn't confess my shame, so I settled for hugging him as tightly as I could and stroking his wet hair back from his face. His tears showed no indication of slowing, but my legs were starting to lose feeling and I needed to rearrange myself in a better position on his lap. I pressed one hand to his broad chest and moved my hips enough to realize that Jake was still completely naked. I don't know how I didn't realize it before—I watched him phase right in front of me after all. Now that I had noticed, I couldn't look anywhere else. I was frozen, eyes locked on that , and my thoughts were a swirling tempest taking me to lands I'd never dreamed of before. I wasn't completely naïve, I knew Jake wanted more from me than I was willing to give him at the time, but he was always so careful not to push me too far or ask me for too much. He freely shared his hugs, his warmth, but never once tried to make it sexual. My eyes were glued to him now and I watched, fascinated, as he hardened impressively under my heated gaze. I had never seen a man aroused before; I was too embarrassed to search out pictures on the internet, and up until now Jake had been carefully modest in my presence, even when we slept in the same bed at night. I had brushed against him on accident before, first thing in the morning, and I didn't miss the look of pain he tried to hide when I pointedly ignored his aroused state. Now there was no brushing it aside. He was right there . "Bella," he whispered quietly, hoarsely, and my eyes shot up to meet his dark, inscrutable gaze. For a long moment I was helplessly trapped in his eyes, drawn like a magnet to the sheer sensuality he exuded, something I had somehow never seen before. I knew Jacob was beautiful, but I had never felt drawn to him in that way. In an instant, everything changed. Now he was all I could see. His scent, his heat, those wise dark eyes were filling me, surrounding me, and I felt like a ship tossed about on the waves. I no longer knew which way was up and which way was down. All I knew was Jacob . Moving slowly, giving him plenty of time to stop me, I leaned forward until our lips were less than an inch apart. I could taste his hot breath as he exhaled harshly, and I closed my eyes to better savor his presence. Opening them again, I stared into those stormy chocolate orbs that I loved so much—eyes that were filled now with a strange mixture of fear and hope. " Jake ." The second our lips touched, I was consumed with desire. I pulled myself closer to him, intensely aware of every square inch of his beautiful body pressed tightly to mine. He groaned when I tentatively pressed my tongue against his lips, and he quickly opened to let me in. His tongue met mine with a sudden fervor, and his flavor filled my senses, making me wonder briefly how I had ever lived without him. His arms wrapped around me tightly, one hand reaching up to tangle in my hair, pulling my face and body impossibly closer. Time seemed to stand still as we poured our emotions into that one epic kiss—my first real kiss—until we were suddenly jolted back to reality. A loud chorus of howls sounded nearby and Jake jerked his head toward the forest, chest heaving as he tried to catch his breath. A loud clap of thunder made me jump and he automatically rubbed my back to soothe me without a second thought. I realized that the rain had grown heavier and we were sitting in the middle of a hurricane, the wind cutting through me like a knife now that I wasn't pressed tightly to Jake's searing heat. I was staring out at the water, trying desperately to control my