Title: Unlikely Allies Genre: Drama? I hate choosing genres- it is what it is. Rating: T Pairing: Bella/Seth Words: 2,998 Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. AN: This is kind of an extra gift for my two winning bidders in the Tricky Raven silent auction- GeezerWench and Aurelaille. Rickie gave me a couple of prompts and requested that I not kill Jasper (psh, like I do that a lot or something…), and Aurelie wanted a younger wolf- so here's two more ;) Nobody asked for slash so I threw that in for me- in a way that I think is unexpected. We'll see. Nothing graphic whatsoever though, since these boys are all young 'uns. ;) ~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~oOo~ Unlikely Allies The pack descended into chaos as they argued back and forth about how to best handle the situation. The death toll in Seattle was growing higher by the day, and it seemed like a fresh leech crossed into their territory just as often. Sam was at his wits' end trying to contain the damages wrought by these soulless demons, and his Pack wasn't offering any good suggestions. Off to the side, being ignored as usual, Bella perched on her wolf's lap, combing her slender fingers through his silky hair as he followed the debate with bright, intelligent eyes. The older boys around him cut him off each time he tried to speak, but he simply waited for the next opportunity with patience that belied his age. "I still think we should go down there and kill the fuckers! We can track them in the city just as well as we can here, and that way we can keep 'em off our land!" Paul was the loudest, of course, standing near Sam and gesturing wildly to emphasize his point. "Sure, Paul," Jacob scoffed, finally pulling his eyes away from his perceived rival—the one who had stolen his Bells. "I'm sure no one would notice the giant wolves roaming the streets of Seattle. Great plan, really." Jared and Sam stepped between the two when Paul lunged toward the young alpha-in-training. Leah started to add her caustic commentary, but Embry pulled her attention back to him with a strong hand on her upper thigh and a soft kiss to her lips. Sam noticed and donned to the same glare that Jake was using earlier. Quil was finishing off the last of the pie, oblivious to the scuffle. Strategy was never Quil's strong suit. At the next lull in the conversation, Seth tried once more to interject. "Um, guys? I have an idea that might work. Bells and I were talking and–" "Look, pup, nobody wants to know what you and Bells were talking about. The leech lover going all Mrs. Robinson on you is not exactly what we all need in our heads. Her dad's the chief of police for fucks sake." Even Embry couldn't hold Leah back after Paul's snide remark to her little brother, especially when the whole room could smell the salt of Bella's tears and see the humiliated flush to her cheeks. Seth's face was instantly transformed from calm and jovial to rabid protector. Nobody insulted his mate. " ENOUGH! " Sam's alpha order silenced the room—or at least the wolves. Bella had no such restrictions on her, though. "Come on, Seth. Let's go." She quietly coaxed her wolf to let her up from his lap, though he kept his hand locked firmly with her smaller one. "It's clear we aren't needed here." Sam's eyes narrowed as the young wolf stood and wrapped his arm around his imprint, turning to lead her from the room. His blatant disregard rubbed Sam's wolf the wrong way. "Seth, we aren't finished here. You need to stay . " Seth didn't even turn to look at his alpha, the man he'd once thought would be his brother-in-law. That former respect had been transferred to Embry—someone both wolf and man admired. His steps stopped automatically at the subtle order, but he kept his eyes away in his own form of subversion. Bella stepped into his view and pulled his gaze down to the center of his world. She loved using their imprint to annoy Sam whenever she got the chance. "Seth," she purred quietly, making him shift in discomfort as her words moved straight to his groin. "We're leaving ." As soon as she freed him, he scooped her into his arms and strode quickly away from the pack, not stopping once until he was safely in his bedroom with the door closed tightly behind him. He set his little mate down gently on the bed, then began to pace back and forth in the tight space. Bella watched his agitation with concern, but gave him the space he needed to gain control. Without the constant focus on sex that the other imprints had, she and Seth had built a strong emotional bond between them. They understood each other better than they understood themselves. "It's getting worse, isn't it?" she asked quietly when he paused his pacing to stare out the window. "You almost threw off that order without my help." Seth's wolf had been struggling since he imprinted—and before that even. Everyone thought it was Sam's history with Leah that caused problems with the Clearwater siblings and their alpha. But Seth's wolf had never felt the need to submit to Sam Uley. Bella had her own theory. While most of the pack and the elders scorned Bella for her history with the Cullens, Old Quil welcomed her sharp mind and curiosity about the tribe's legends. She spent hours searching through old documents, and discussing theories about the current pack. One such conversation was centered around the issue of bloodlines. Ephraim Black's pack had only three members—himself, Quil Ateara II, and Levi Uley. All the current pack members had to be descended from these three lines, but the Clearwater siblings actually had family ties to all three—including the alpha line. That alpha blood made their wolves more dominant, even if Seth didn't show that side of him in his everyday life. The really odd thing was the fact that Seth had no issue whatsoever in deferring to Embry. Seth was entirely comfortable submitting to his sister's imprint, leading Bella to privately question who Embry's assumed father actually was. "Yeah, it just pisses me off the way they disrespect you! Sam didn't even tell Paul to apologize. He's such an ass." As his head fell in defeat, Bella took her opportunity to stand and wrap her arms around her wolf. Seth sagged into her embrace, burying his face in her hair to take in her soothing scent. "I'm sorry I let him get to me today. I can usually ignore him, but it bothers me when they act like there's something wrong with our imprint." She couldn't stop her tears that time, and he scooped her up and sat down with her safely on his lap. "We know what we have, and we know it's better than what they do," he reminded her, then nudged her chin up to smile mischievously. "But I still can't wait for my birthday…" His antics had their desired effect, and she giggled as she slapped playfully at his shoulder. "Okay, cassanova, down boy." They sat together quietly for a few minutes, just content to enjoy sharing the same space with one another. When Bella sensed that he was ready, she rested her head on his shoulder and stared up into his familiar brown eyes. "So what's the plan?" Seth's eyes hardened with determination and he nodded to himself more than to her. "I'm going to go talk to Embry. It's time. You call him." ~oOo~ The pack was gathered on the same field where the Cullens had taken Bella to play baseball. It was technically outside their borders, but it wasn't like there were any vamps left to take an issue with it. After speaking with Seth and Bella, Embry had proposed the location as an ideal place to lure the hostile vampires. It was far enough away from La Push that their families would be safely out of harms' way, and it was deep enough in the wilderness that sounds of the fight wouldn't reach human ears. The group was agitated because Seth was late. Embry and Leah had just arrived, but neither of them had any idea when the younger wolf would show up. "Okay, let's phase and work on some drills. Seth can run an extra patrol if he decides to show up." Just as Sam finished speaking, Seth's wolf trotted into the clearing with Bella sitting on his back. The rest of the pack watched as he lowered himself carefully to the ground, waiting patiently for his imprint to slide off before phasing back and quickly pulling on his shorts. "Sorry we're late—we were waiting for our reinforcements," Seth said rather flippantly as Bella stood smugly by his side. "Reinforcements? What the fuck are you talking about? Nobody said anything about reinforcements!" Paul spluttered angrily as he stalked toward the pair. Leah growled in warning when he got too close for her liking, but Bella held her hand up and took a step toward the angry wolf. "Seth tried to tell you, but no one would listen to him. So now we'll just have to show you. Boys?" At her signal, two blond vampires dropped down from the tree where they had been perched, watching the proceedings with wry humor. "Yes ma'am? Whitlock boys at your service." The shorter male removed a rather beat-up straw hat and gave an elaborate bow, while the other one stood there rolling his eyes. The wolves in the pack with exception of Seth, Leah, and Embry all phased and turned toward the new arrivals, ready to pounce at their alpha's command. It was another command, however, that froze them in their tracks. "Everyone, stop . " Embry's voice rang out threw the clearing, binding everyone with a power they had never felt before. It was an ironclad shackle, nothing like the flimsy metal handcuff that Sam had wielded. "Quite a welcome there, darlin—I'm guessin' you didn't tell them we were comin'?" Bella scoffed and leaned against her mate, smiling at the only Cullen who had defied Edward and stayed in Forks to watch over her all these months. "Oh, you know how it is, Jasper. They look at me inviting you like I summoned a powerful demon or something," she told him with a playful wink. The frozen wolves were even more shocked when Seth took a step closer to the vampire they now recognized as Jasper Hale, holding his fist out in greeting. "Hey, Major. Thanks for coming." Embry simply nodded at the pair and then turned back to face the pack. "So now that you're all here, Seth would like to tell you what he's been trying to tell you for weeks. You dismissed him because of his age, or maybe the fact that his imprint used to date a leech—or is it simply because she's white? I know how some of you feel about outsiders, being only half-Quileute myself. "Of course, I guess it's not as important how Quileute you are—what really matters is where you get those Quileute genes," Embry continued, speaking more at once than most of the pack had heard him say at all. "See, for example, if your Quileute half comes from, say… the tribe's chief? Well apparently that makes those genes just a little more important." Embry stopped in front of Jake and looked his friend in the eye. "I'm sorry I couldn't tell you before, but we were right. You're my brother." At some unspoken signal, Jacob melted back into his