Contest Entry for the Deep South Contest Title : Coming Home Name : CayStar Pairing : Bella/Jasper Rating : M Beta(s) : sabrina michaels Summary : The last thing Bella wanted was to be nominated for the Homecoming court. But her father, the sheriff, made sure that she was, and worse, that she would win. The last person she expected to see was Jasper... He came home. AN: I wrote this for the Deep South contest, but the judges didn't like it much. (Readers did though- once again I had the most favs and reviews) and somehow I got 2nd in a popular vote that was never advertised ;) All I could think of when I was writing this was, "It's soooo fluffy!" Seriously though, this is just a fun piece, and not my normal vibe at all. I think. Hope you like it! If you want to know where the fictional Forks, TX is, go to google maps and type in Center, TX. No, it's not actually in the center of Texas, but it's in East Texas, and it's fairly typical for a small town in this part of the state, though it's a little bigger than my "Forks". I wanted to put this story where I live, and most of the descriptions are based on that, but I picked Center purely for geographical reasons- specifically its distance from several Texas Universities. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Coming Home The tiny town of Forks, Texas was deserted on this warm Friday night. Blue and gold festooned every street sign and every storefront, leading the way to the town's center of worship- the football stadium. Tonight was Homecoming. Cars and trucks overflowed the small parking lot and lined the highway in both directions. Two rookie officers from the sheriff's department were the only ones on duty for the next three hours, and they were not the least bit concerned about directing traffic. It wasn't every day that the Sheriff's only daughter was nominated for homecoming queen, after all. "Mom, leave it. You're just gonna rip my dress if you keep messin' with the damn pins." Bella knew as soon as the words left her mouth that she was in for it, and Renee certainly didn't disappoint. "Isabella Marie, you watch your mouth. You're not too big to take out behind these bleachers, girl." Her tiny mother had a voice that could carry even over the noise of a football crowd, and no one around could keep their amused snickers quiet. Of course, her brother Emmett couldn't keep his mouth shut at all. Bella was sure the doctors must have dropped him on his head when he was born. "Don't worry, Momma. Bellsy knows all about what happens behind the bleachers." Rosalie promptly smacked his oversized head, earning herself a grateful look from a blushing Bella. Some days she couldn't see how on earth those two could possibly be twins, but the baby pictures and 18 years of torment don't lie. "Be nice to your sister, and don't you need to be on the field with the rest of the team anyway?" Emmett dutifully leaned over to kiss his longtime girlfriend, then his momma, before shooting his sister a wink and running for the field as fast as his feet could carry him. Bella just stood there with her hands on her hips, shaking her head in frustration. Emmett got away with everything. Sheriff Swan finally made his way over just as Renee again reached for her daughter's massive homecoming mum, attempting to arrange the ribbons just so . Bella quickly pulled her dad between them as a buffer and smoothed out his shirt, making sure his badge was perfectly straight. He wasn't on duty tonight, but the whole town would be disappointed if their beloved Sheriff turned up in plain clothes for the presentation. His moustache twitching was the only indication that he was feeling any emotions; Charlie was constantly serious. Something he saw must have set him off though, as even his eyes were shining a bit more than normal. "Oh, Bells. You just look so pretty. Just like your momma." There it was, the perfect opening for Renee to launch into their story of love and homecoming success. She still had her crown from the night 20 years ago when she and Charlie were named king and queen. The quarterback and the head cheerleader, as clichéd as they could be. Bella sighed as Renee droned on; it wasn't that she had anything against her parents, or Rose and Emmett for that matter. No, Bella's problem was her own missing soul mate. Nights like this made it hard to be surrounded by happy couples. Nights like this she would give anything to have Jasper in her arms again. "Bella! Psst! Bellllllaaa! " The insistent stage whisper came from the gate behind her. Turning around, she was amused to find her best friend Alice hanging halfway over the fence that separated the stands from the field. Edward was right behind her, poised to catch her if she started to fall, with an indulgent smile on his handsome face as always. Edward Cullen was a cousin of Jasper and Rose, and Bella swore that inhuman beauty just ran in that family. Shaking off the reminder of her missing boyfriend- ex -boyfriend-, she turned her attention to her hyper best friend. Alice was adorable as usual, wearing a tiny Forks High football jersey, and a homecoming mum that was nearly as large as she was. Alice was a free spirit, an artist and a dancer, but her quirky personality made her a bit of a social pariah. Snagging Edward Cullen for a boyfriend had only served to further alienate her from pretty much every girl in school, apart from their small, close-knit group. Alice wasn't the least bit bothered that she wasn't nominated for the Homecoming court; she was happy to cheer for her friends, and Edward just tagged along in her wake, probably composing a new song in his head. Edward was another strange one- he had absolutely no interest in football. "Hey Alice, Edward. What's up?" Bella's voice lacked her usual friendly warmth, and her friends exchanged a knowing look as they each reached to hug her across the chain link fence. "I'm sorry, Bella. I know tonight's harder than most for you. Just remember, we're all here for you," Edward whispered softly in his soothing, musical voice. Bella swore that most of the time he sounded like he was on the verge of singing instead of speaking. She squeezed his arm and pressed a light kiss to his cheek. Edward was one of her oldest friends, sticking up for each other since preschool when she was Smelly Bella and he was Edweird. They just never really stopped watching each other's back. Alice was still perched on the fence, leaning over to fiddle with Bella's mum, moving the ribbons Renee had just rearranged, and pulling a delighted giggle from her mopey friend. The pixie-like girl smoothed Bella's hair and gently wiped a tear from under her eye before it could smear her mascara. "Ok, beautiful Bella, you officially pass the Alice Brandon inspection. Now go get your crown!" Alice jumped gracefully to the ground, ribbon and bells fluttering around her as Edward reached out to steady her fall. Bella gave them another wave and turned to walk back to Charlie where he was waiting patiently and chatting with everyone who passed by. A flash of blonde hair caught her attention and she shielded her eyes from the bright lights to glance up into the stands. Her eyes searched for what she thought she had seen, but the stadium was filled to capacity and all the faces started to blur together after a while. Rose caught her for a hug as she passed by, and even the stoic Mr. Hale offered her a smile and a light shoulder squeeze. Bella glanced around, but Jasper's momma wasn't anywhere around. It was probably for the best, there was no way she could keep from crying if she saw the woman she always thought would be her mother-in-law. Bella waited impatiently for the festivities to begin, not because she was excited, but because she wanted nothing more than to get out of there. Charlie kept her grounded, anchored in place so she didn't take off running for the hills. Finally, the announcer came over the loudspeakers and led the prayer and pledge of allegiance. "And now, let's introduce the nominees for Homecoming Queen!" Mr. Banner's normally solemn voice held a hint of excitement that really should have tipped her off that there was something going on here, but Bella was oblivious as usual. She waited in line as Lauren, Angela, Jessica, Rose, and Tanya were all introduced along with their fathers. Bella came out last, and she wasn't sure if the cheers were actually for her, or for her father. Charlie was a very popular sheriff, after all. "First, we will announce that the football team has chosen their sweetheart. Please step forward, Miss Rosalie Hale!" Bella's smile was genuine as her brother ran up and gave Rose the small tiara and large bundle of roses. They really were kind of adorable together. Kind of like her and Jasper. Damn it, don't cry now. Don't cry now. Ugh. "Our next honoree is our Homecoming King. The student body has voted and your 2013 Homecoming King is... Emmett Swan!" This time the cheers were deafening. If there was one person more popular than her father, it was her brother. He had broken every defensive record in the past four years, and was being scouted by every major school in the Big XII conference. Emmett accepted his gaudy crown with his usual goofy antics, bowing regally to the crowd, and curtseying to the football team. Rose shot more than a few glares at the overenthusiastic cheerleaders who kissed his cheek as they crowned him. There would be hell to pay once she got her uniform on. "Ok, ok, quiet down folks. We still have one more crown to hand out. Let's find out who our Queen is, alright?" The cheers gradually died down and the stadium was as quiet as a stadium could be. "And the moment we've all been waiting for, your 2013 Homecoming Queen is... Drumroll please..." Bella rolled her eyes when Eric Yorkie led the drumline in a very enthusiastic drumroll. "Isabella Swan!" Well, that was just wonderful. Now she had to go out there, get a crown from some stupid football player, and stand next to her brother of all people. Who does that? A brother/sister King and Queen. Just how inbred do they think this town is? She almost missed the announcement when her eyes were drawn to movement near the gate where she just spoke to Alice and Edward. There was a crowd of students gathered around talking excitedly, but Bella couldn't see who else was there. Her stomach knotted up nervously and Mr. Banner came over the speaker again. "Ladies and Gentlemen, we have a very special treat for y'all tonight. Presenting the crown for Homecoming Queen is our very own local star, the starting quarterback for Texas Tech," Say what? No, it's not possible. She had to be dreaming. Bella stared in shock as the crowd parted and he walked toward her with his dimpled smile and bright blue eyes, golden hair shining under the lights like it always had... "Jasper Whitlock!" Emmett grabbed her when she swayed on her feet, and Jasper broke into a run to pull her out of his arms. "Bella? Darlin? You ok?" His mouth kept moving, but she was locked in his eyes, trying to make sense of everything. She finally reached one hand up to touch his hair, her security blanket, to make sure she wasn't dreaming. He smiled