AN: This little piece just kind of came to me, and I have missed these boys so I decided to write it. Out of all the Peters and Jaspers I've written, this particular pair is probably closest to my first ones- in Just Between Us . As I said there, this is NOT fanfic Peter, this is MY Peter. In this particular world, Charlotte does not exist- Peter and Jasper killed Maria and ran off. Then Jasper left with Alice and has been back to visit through the years. As usual, my Peter is Casey James, and one of his songs actually inspired this piece (not sure that he would appreciate the slash aspect, but hey, it's my fantasy world…) Anyway, to set Peter's mood, go listen to Fall Apart by Casey James. The chorus is listed below as it's the main inspiration. " Every time I run into you, Baby I go a little crazy inside, Tell myself I gotta breathe, Try to get my heart to beat. Photographs, memories, fade away easily, But you're right here in front of me, Won't let me go. Since you broke my heart, Every time I run into you, I fall apart…" Fall Apart by Casey James ~o~o~o~o~ Run to You ~o~o~o~o~ Time seemed to freeze as he lunged forward, his siblings' arms grabbing him back just at the last second. Edward was a seething mass of hatred, guilt, and overwhelming thirst. He threw every bit of his fury and betrayal at Jasper, silently condemning him for the blond's lapse in control. Bella met his thirst-blackened eyes from her place on the floor. Her blood flowed freely from the wounds unwittingly given to her by the one she loved. As she locked eyes with Jasper, he focused in on her emotions. Her condemnation would be enough to convict him. Instead, with her emotions he found release. The human girl nodded at him, filling him with acceptance, understanding, and forgiveness. She knew . She knew he felt the thirst of them all, including the male who considered her to be his singer. With every breath, it wasn't just Edward resisting the call of her blood—it was Jasper as well. He allowed himself to go slack, letting Emmett and Rosalie pull him from the house without any further struggle. As his feet cleared the threshold, he caught the change in Bella's emotions. Despite the slight fear and pain from her wounds, Bella was suddenly filled with disappointment. She did know. She knew Edward would profess his love all day long, but he had no intention of ever changing her. She would live for the rest of her human life as Alice's plaything and a testament to Edward's self-control. Just like Jasper, she was nothing more than a prop. When Emmett dropped him on the forest floor, Jasper crumbled under the wave of shame that filled him. He couldn't believe he had managed to fuck up so thoroughly once again. He kept his head down as Alice's furious emotions drew closer, and his siblings moved away to give the couple some privacy. She didn't waste any words, cutting him down with her proclamation. "I can see that it's time for you to leave us, Jasper. You're beyond the family's help now. You're going to fail at this diet again." She sounded regretful, and she buried him with the embarrassment she felt for him. "Jenks will have the divorce papers waiting." He didn't stay down for long. There was no use arguing with his wife—his ex- wife. She was always right. It was something he'd become accustomed to over the past fifty years, and he was a bit terrified of living without her constant direction. How would he know if he was making the right decision? When was the last time he'd even made a decision? With that thought, he began to panic. His breath came faster and terror filled him, making the damp forest seem dark and foreboding. He curled up again against a tree, and fumbled in his pocket for his phone. With his family gone, there was only one person he could call. The phone rang twice and silence met him. It took him another few seconds to work up the courage to speak, and he had to clear his throat in a ridiculously human gesture before the word would come out, raspy and desperate. "P-P-Pete?" A deep sigh was the only answer he received, and he waited tensely for Peter's response. When it came, it was short on words and to the point, just like the man he knew best. "If you're comin' home, you'd best be stayin'. Otherwise, don't bother." With his words, a new kind of hope filled Jasper, and he picked himself up off the ground and began to run, his phone still at his ear. "Oh, and Major? Get you some deer on the way." Peter's words came across as an order, something Jasper's chaotic mind desperately needed at the moment. He'd already decided to hunt in the nearest town, but Peter reminded him that he didn't actually want to kill humans. That unwavering faith was the strength he needed to keep his eyes gold. After stopping briefly to hunt—he felt lucky when he ran across a mountain lion less than a mile from where he'd started out—Jasper ran due east toward Peter's house in Montana. It had been a good five years since he's last seen his friend, but every step closer felt like coming home. The man in question was waiting on the porch when Jasper ran into view, leaning against the rail as if he didn't have a care in the world. Jasper couldn't hold back a smile at his swirling emotions, though. Relief, anticipation, and lust all battled for attention, but the one that made him the happiest was the deep and abiding love that Peter held for his sire. Feeling suddenly lighter than he had in decades, Jasper strutted up the porch steps, using his natural charm in lieu of his gift. Peter hated being manipulated. The shorter blond kept his eyes on the horizon, studiously ignoring the man beside him, until Jasper leaned over and ran his tongue over one of his many marks. Despite his practiced stoicism, Peter couldn't hold back the shiver of desire. When red eyes finally met gold, Peter looked at Jasper with undisguised concern. "What sent ya runnin' this time?" he asked quietly, curious under his contentment at having his lover home once more. Jasper shrugged almost flippantly as he pressed his chest against Peter's and leaned over to breathe the words against his mouth. "Does it matter? I ran to you. I always run to you." With a sharp growl, Peter reached up to fist his hand in Jasper's shirt, giving in to the kiss he'd missed these past long years. Jasper met him with enthusiasm, their tongues reacquainting them with each other's taste, even as they fought for control as they always had. Jasper pressed Peter back against the post, rolling his hips forward to leave no question as to just how much he'd missed the other man. No one made him feel as good as Peter did, and he had no idea why he'd left him before. As if reading his mind, Peter reached one hand around to tangle in blond curls while the other reached into Jasper's back pocket, securing their connection from their lips to the toes of their boots. He growled the words when Jasper ducked his head to mouth at Peter's jaw line. "You're mine for good. I ain't lettin' ya leave now." As before, in the woods, Peter's words freed up Jasper's mind and he smiled happily against his lover's familiar, fragrant skin. "I'm yours," he agreed, then nipped Peter's neck playfully. "And you're mine. Always mine. Only mine." With sudden urgency, Peter broke away from the kiss and pulled Jasper into the house. He smiled when he noticed his lover scenting the home, trying to discern who'd spent time there recently, and shook his head at the light growl Jasper couldn't hold back. "Relax," Peter murmured as he tugged Jasper toward the bedroom. "It's just Garrett, and you know he's not dumb enough to try anything with me." He muttered the next words, unable to hold them back. "It's not like I'd even want anyone but you…" Jasper felt a stab of regret, thinking of the time he'd spent with Alice. It wasn't like he was technically being unfaithful to Peter, since Peter was the one who sent him away all those years ago. But at the same time, the idea of another vampire touching his captain made him boil with rage. As if sensing his need, Peter buried his face in his maker's neck, feasting on the scent he'd loved since the moment he woke to his second life. He wanted to bathe in that scent, be filled with it, and he wanted to coat his bed in that scent so he could wallow around in it once Jasper invariably left him again. Peter's lust began to battle with a rising panic in a frenzied cycle that left Jasper reeling. He pulled the other man to him tightly, turning to press him up against the wall next to the bedroom door. When he pulled back slightly to look at him, Peter's panic hit an all-time high, and Jasper couldn't stop himself from kissing the other man fiercely, possessively. Pete's eyes were closed tight and his head was shaking in denial when Jasper's lips stopped trying to coax a response from the vampire who was now gasping for breath that he didn't actually need. Jasper began to worry that there was something seriously wrong. "Peter! Pete, please! Just breathe, baby. I'm here. I'm not going anywhere. Look at me, baby. Please?" Jasper's gold eyes were dark with worry when Peter finally got enough control to focus on the present and not the painful past. Memories were warring inside him—the terror and bloodshed of the war years, and the intense highs that came along with them, and then the darkness after Jasper left him. Peter would never admit just how much it hurt, or how many hours—days, years —he'd spent staring at grainy pictures of his red-eyed Major, the blond god that he worshipped. No matter where he went, Jasper's presence was like a dark shadow, keeping him from true contentment, keeping him longing for the one thing he'd never been allowed to have. Peter's heart was broken, and without his sire, his lover, his best friend… he fell apart. Jasper read all the conflicting emotions and made one of those leaps of intuition that helped keep him alive for so long in the south. He cupped Peter's face and held the other man's eyes seriously. "I'll keep telling you every day until you believe me, Pete. I'm not leaving. I'm not letting you go," he vowed. "I know I hurt you, but I will do everything I can to make it up to you. I love you, Peter. You're it. You're the only one I need. Let me love you, Pete? Please?" Peter took a deep breath and seemed to steel himself, getting control of his emotions once more. Jasper tried to hide the hurt he felt at the subtle action, but Peter quickly distracted him by pulling open his shirt and reaching for the button of his jeans. Jasper swatted away his hands, wanting to undress his captain himself, and Peter's eyes rolled back as Jasper slowly slipped off the shirt and covered Peter's scars with his lips and tongue. He couldn't hold back a moan when Jasper found the partially-buried mark that turned him, the one Jasper constantly reinforced whenever they came together again. Peter was shaking by the time Jasper opened his jeans and slid them down his legs, nudging Peter to step out of them. With that one act, Jasper was fully in control,