(For future reference I do not have anything against role players or cosplayers. I am actually one myself.) The wind blew its gentle breath along the tops of the ancient trees of the forest the group known far and wide as the fellowship of the ring took partial rest in. Well the fellowship of the ring plus one. Me, a girl from Brooklyn that really had no place being in this weird fantasy world. Okay. Okay I can see that I have already lost ya. Starting over. Name's Carla, actually its Persephone Carla Petrillo. Hey you try living a tough girl life in Brooklyn with a first name like that. It's actually one of the reasons I get into fights so often, the other is from defending my kid siblings. Anyone I am your run of the mill American Hispanic, Greek, Italian girl. Living in Brooklyn with her grandmama, stepfather, mother and six siblings, now five siblings. Big family, huh? Try living in a house like that for a day. Getting the bathroom is nearly impossible. Especially when the Snooki and Prima Donna get ahold of it. Not all bad living in the family, but not exactly a picnic. Anyway I know I'm going to have to do this sooner or later, but I guess I better do it now. To clarify who is who out of my siblings. The first born is my step brother Ty; he is a super smartie who got a scholarship all the way to Oxford. I don't see him much, but he does call often enough. The second sibling is my step sister Jennifer, turned Gina a.k.a Snooki. She goes around with this I am so cool and more popular attitude of hers that she and I can't go two nano seconds without a smack down. The third is Debra my other step sister. The Prima Donna. She isn't as bad as Snooki, but she has too much of a high class attitude for a middle class family. Always the polite one, with her nose in the air. Wouldn't surprise me if she manages to get out of here. The rest of us don't have much of a chance. Both Snooki and Prima Donna are second years in the same college, but if things go as planned Prima Donna will be studying at Harvard for the next two years. With that I introduce you to Ricky Hermes my fourth sibling. He is the con man of the group. Able to get you anything from designer handbags to electronics or can find out any information you want. From which celebrity is staying where to who was found in a cheap motel. He had a pretty good business going till the Popo got him. Spent six months in Juvie, released early for good behavior. These days he's trying to bring back his business without sending red flags. He out of my older sibs is the only one I have a real good relationship with. We watch each other's backs, he watches mine more though. Thinkin I need more protection now that I am officially 18. I can handle my own. Now for the last two siblings and the ones who started this whole adventure or should I say heart attack. My half baby bro and sis, Eric and Janie. Five year old twins that I look out for like a Mama Bear with cubs. Since my older sibs are busy with the own lives or looking out for themselves. I got the task of taking care of them. Not that it's a burden or anything. It really isn't. It is just a strain sometimes especially on my rep. Having to shuffle them from school, to park, to whatever fantasy themed thing they want to go to. I use to be known as the Brooklyn Tiger. Famous for beating the crap outta who ever crossed me. Oh yeah I was the man! Now though it's like I'm faded. Like I lost my spunk. Which I haven't I can still out lick any guy in my hood. Just all this fantasy garbage has people calling me The Gentle Lady Persephone. Can you believe that? Me! A Lady! Bah! Like anyone could believe I was a lady. I don't go around drinking tea with my pinkie way out there, with my nose in the air like something smells really bad. Where do people come up with this crap? Anyway day in and day out I care for my baby sibs and put up with their obsession for fantasy. Till one night when I was getting Eric and Janie ready for bed. It was gonna be one of those rare nights where I had the house to myself. Mom and Dad had date night. Grandmama went down to jersey to be with a sick friend. Snooki and Prima Donna had dates and Ricky was hanging with the boys at the rec playing ball. Kinda wanted to go too, but someone has to look out for the little guys. Janie was already in her Wendy style nightgown. Eric needed help with putting on his Harry Potter night shirt. When he asked me. "Persephone?" "Ya, what is it little man?" "Are you a princess?" I chuckled at his serious face. The idea was ludicrously funny. Hey I can know big words too. "It's not funny. Now answer me are you or aren't you?" "Why would you think I was a princess?" "Because you do the most housework out of the whole family, you have a step mother and two almost evil step sisters and you have a tiara." "Yeah from when I was forced into ballet class years ago. Little man. I can say with upmost certainty that I am no princess." "That's an understatement." Came the oh so lovely voice of Snooki. The long lost wookie. "Don't you have a date?" "Yes, unlike some I could mention." "Shut it Snooki reject!" "Make me you like cross dresser!" I was this close to punching her, if Prima Donna hadn't intervened. "Stop it you two. Gina your date's waiting for you." "Oh! I'm not ready yet!" "Then why are you bothering Carla?" Snooki didn't answer. She was too busy piling on the clown make up and running to her date. "You sure you are going to be alright watching them by yourself tonight?" "Like I don't every night." "You sure you wouldn't rather be at that Kelsey girl's party? All your friends were going." "Wasn't invited." "Oh god. Persephone I am so sorry. If I knew I would never have brought it up." "S'alright. No biggie." (Honk) "You might want to get going your date's waiting." (Honk) "You sure?" (Honk) "Sure. Now go on. Before Ms. Haberstien calls the cops on him again." Prima Donna hugs me quickly before going off to her date's waiting mustang. That left me officially alone with the kids. "Time for bed kiddos." I pick up Eric and set him in his bed. Tucking him in with his toy fox, Barney. Then I went over to Janie to tuck her in with her matching fox, named Leia. "Will you read to us tonight?" Janie asked with her large doe eyes. It was late already, but was I one to ever really care that much. "What story?" Eric jumped out of his bed and raced to his little bookshelf. Shuffling along trying to decide between endless stories. "This one Janie?" Eric held an old box in the air. "That's the one." Eric jumped and landed right next to my side book firm in hand. "Read this one!" Thrusting a green book that had coffee colored pages. It was an old copy I bet they got from the library book sale. In fancy gold scripture that decorated in the cover with leaves and vines and had the title of Lord of the Rings. "You guys want me to read ya the whole book?" Eagar heads nodded in response. "You two really know how to lengthen your curfew. I'll read at least one chapter." "Chapter 1: A Long-Expected Party. When Mr. Bilbo Baggins of Bag End announced that he would shortly be celebrating his eleventy-first birthday with a party of special magnificence, there was much talk and excitement in Hobbiton…." "Wait you we have to say the words. Before you can go on." Janie clasped her tiny hand over mine. "Words? What words? Oh you better not mean those words that the boys say. Cause you know you are not supposed to use those words." "No, Persephone. Magic words." "What magic words?" Eric and Janie looked at each other and started to chant. "With these words we hold dear.." "When night is day…" Replied Eric "And day is night." Continued Janie. "When words are not so clear. We who strive for the truth will always find a path. Through darkness and strife. When roads lead to confusion. We will find a way… Now you have to say a line Persephone." "What line?" Janie leans over and whispers in my ear. I humor them. "For light is brightest in the dark." The two get all excited like there was going to be thunder and lightning any minute. Two minutes go by and nothing happened. "Okay you two. Let's get settled and I'll read a bit more." Eric climbs into bed as I tuck him in once more. Then moved on to tuck Janie in. Both looked very disappointed that their words didn't do something magical. I knew they wouldn't, but it wasn't a comfort to know that they failed Janie and Eric. "Come on we have quite a bit left to read before bed. Now let's…get..it on? Janie where's the book?" "I don't know." "Eric did you take the book?" "No. It was on Janie's bed." "It isn't now. Maybe it fell on the floor?" I got down to the floor and looked under both beds it wasn't there. "Well it couldn't have walked off on its own." "You don't know if it can or not." Eric stated in protest. I get up and decide to check the other rooms. You never know, plus I had to make sure no one was trying to sneak in. I look in Ricky and Ty's room first, nothing. Then Snooki and Prima Donna's room. Once more nothing. Except something that Mom and Dad won't be happy about when they get home. Snooki gonna get it. Searched the rent's room, the kitchen Grandmama and my room and couldn't find the book. I head back to the twin's room and surprise the book was on Janie's tea table. "I found it guys. Was on your…tea table?" The book's fancy gold scripture was gone. Weird? I knew it had that on there and now it's gone. Maybe I was just tired. "Okay. Here we go. The continuation of Lord of the Rings." I look at my sister trying to get a smile on her face before I go on. I manage to coax a small one out. I turn back the book ready to read to the very end if I had too. Man I wish that had been the case. The minute I opened that book it started glowing. Not a tiny little light. Full out Nuke bright white light. Reflexes kicked in and I shut that thing up. Grabbing Janie and then moving to Eric. No way in hell am I letting a book hurt them. "The magic words worked!" Eric shouted happily. "Yeah that's great and all, but you know how to reverse it right?" "No." "No? What do you mean no?" "The old man didn't say there was another spell." "What old man are you talking about?" "The one that looks like Dumbledore." He was talking about that magic convention the two talked me into taking them. They talked to this old man who was really a shoo in for whatever old wizard he was portraying. He was also very patient with the twin's