A/N: This is my first ever fan fiction. I'm hoping to make this last for a long time. Not everything I have in plan for the story is set in stone, though. If you review and give me plot ideas that I like, I will include them. Please give me any feedback and criticisms so I can try and make the story as good as I can. Also, this first chapter is purely Lily and James. All of the other chapters will be half as long as this one is. Starting with Chapter 2, you'll be reading about Harry. P.S. I did take a little bit of inspiration from Destinies Reversed, but for except for taking some of that stories ideas, this story is completely and one hundred percent written by me. The year was 1971. Lily Evans was sleeping peacefully in her bedroom on the night after her eleventh birthday. On the other side of the room was her older sister, Petunia who was lying in her bed attempting, but failing, to find sleep. Sleep evaded her due to the relentless barrage of thoughts invading her head. Severus. Severus Snape. Who the hell is he to take Lily from me? What a stupid name, Severus. Oh I'd like to sever his stupid greasy head. Petunia was unable to cope with the fact that her precious little sister would be flooding of with Severus to some stupid school for magic. And she wouldn't even get to see her again until Christmas. Severus had informed Lily weeks ago that she possessed magic in her veins. Since finding out Lily and Severus had spent countless hours conversing about their freakish "gift" while neglecting Petunia. The only hope that she had that she wouldn't be parted with her sister is the possibility that their parents would agree with their oldest daughter. Sadly for Petunia, this was not the case. James Potter gave his hugs and said his goodbyes to his parents before walking off with his trunk to meet up with his best mate, Sirius Black. Together they boarded the Hogwarts Express and James gave one last wave to his parents before setting off to find a compartment together. They trudged all the way up and down the train yet sadly every single compartment was taken. So they found the one with only one ragged looking boy in it and went into introduce themselves. "Good to meet your acquaintance, I sir James Potter the first introduce myself and my butler Sir Sirius Black," joked James while bowing so low that he could lick the floor. Sirius and James created this tradition years ago not long after they'd first met. "Oh. . . er. . . Remus Lupin," said the boy and gave slight smile, absorbing the aura of happiness that emanated off of the two friends. "Sir Lupin it seems that it was no coincidence that placed me and my companion in this compartment with you. We were destined to meet. I swear by the name of my ancestors that I shall never truly live until I rip that hollowness from behind your eyes and replace it with the everlasting need to laugh, prank, and—" James's false poshness was interrupted by a man with a cart full of snacks who opened the door. "Would you gentlemen like anything?" the man asked. "I shall not be both—" James started before being interrupted by Sirius who had yet to talk since entering the compartment. "James, enough. I'll take a 6 cauldron cakes and chocolate frogs," Sirius said while pulling out his money bag. After the man left Sirius divided the snacks between the three of them. "Er, I can't accept that," said Remus when Sirius offered a third of the snacks to him. "Look mate, you and us are friends now and you're thinner than than a skeleton. Eat, please," James said to Remus, finally dropping his posh introduction ritual. Remus gave a genuine grin that James could tell was foreign to the poor boy and accepted the snacks and started eating, happy to have made friends so soon after school started. It wasn't until later that year that James and Sirius learned that Remus was actually a werewolf. After the Hogwarts Express pulled into Hogsmede Station James, Sirius, and their new friend Remus were rounded towards the edge of a lake as well as all other Hogwarts first years by a rather large man with a bushy face. It'd started raining pretty heavily since the students had last been outside and to their horror, all first years were going to be crossing the lake on boats to get to the school. Rather reluctantly the students filed into boats and set off for Hogwarts. James, Sirius, and Lupin were joined in their boat by a very small boy who looked terrified of the other boys, for no particular reason it appeared. James looked over through the heavy rain and saw a very pretty flaming red haired girl sitting in the only visible boat accompanied by a dark haired boy with a rather hook-like nose and a couple of other first years. When they reached the castle the first years were filed into a line along the wall of the Great Hall to be sorted into houses. An older looking witch in black robes walked up in front of the staff table with a stool and a very ragged looking hat. A brim in the hat opened up and, to the surprise of many of the first years, began to sing. The hate detailed about the four houses of Hogwarts, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, Slytherin, and Gryffindor. It informed them that to be sorted, all the students would have to do is put on the hat and wait for their house to be announced. The witch that brought the Sorting Hat out pulled out a piece of parchment and began calling off names. The witch called the first name, "Black, Sirius!" Sirius walked up to the stool and put on the hat. Sirius sat there for a solid two minutes before the brim in the hat opened up again and screamed, "GRYFFINDOR!" The table at the far left of the hall broke into applause as Sirius walked to the end of the table with a smile of relief on his face. James knew Sirius's entire family had been in Slytherin and Sirius didn't like his family too much. After a few more students had been sorted the witch called out, "Evans, Lily!" James noticed the very pretty redhead he'd seen on another boat walk up and put on the hat which called out, "GRYFFINDOR!" the second the hat touched her head. As Lily walked over to Gryffindor table James made a mental note to remember the name, "Evans, Lily." Another few students were sorted and the witch called out "Lupin, Remus!" Just as it had with Lily, the instant the hat touched Remus's head it called out "GRYFFINDOR!" Several more students were sorted and James heard the name he'd been anticipating, "Potter, James!" and was also sorted into Gryffindor. James walked down Gryffindor table to applause and sat down between Sirius and Lily. James decided to wait until after the sorting was finished to introduce himself. James recognized the terrified boy that they shared a boat with walk up when "Pettigrew, Peter!" was called and sorted into "HUFFLEPUFF!" James heard a groan of disappointment from Lily when "Snape, Severus!" was sorted into "SLYTHERIN!" Before James could stop himself he found himself saying, "Don't sound so disappointed. Why would you want to be friends with a Slytherin?" Lily gave him a cold glare and didn't say anything. Any hopes James had of striking up a long and prosperous relationship on his first day of Hogwarts immediately left his head. The next day several students would wander down to the ground and, both new and older students alike, would be surprised to see a new tree planted that started swinging its branches viciously when anyone got near it. It was only a couple of months later when James and Sirius would discover the true reason for the tree's appearance. It was there to guard a secret passageway built specifically for Remus due to his affliction. In the coming weeks after the start of school James's crush on Lily grew stronger and his dislike for her Slytherin friend, Severus, grew as well. James and Sirius were not afraid of expressing this dislike publically and began torturing Severus any chance they got. Unfortunately for James, this open rivalry only increased Lily's dislike for him. This continued for the next several years that they attend Hogwarts. When Sirius and James learned of Remus's affliction they set out for countless hours of research in the library for any way to help their friend. Eventually they learned that werewolves could be alleviated from their unfit state of mine during the full moon if around other animals that shared a connection with him. It didn't take long after that for James and Sirius to realize that animagi would count for this. So the two friends, ignoring the protests of Remus, set out to learn how to become animagi. For weeks they searched any tome in the library for instructions on how this is accomplished to no avail. Luckily though, James's father gave him his old invisibility cloak and they were able to sneak books out of the restricted section of the library and found their jackpot. While the book they found didn't contain instructions on how to become an animagus, the book did provide a lot of useful information that would aid them in their experiments that would eventually lead to James and Sirius finally managing to become animagi in their third year. Sirius became a large black dog and James became a stag. Over time the three friends gave each other nicknames that stuck. James was Prongs, Sirius was Padfoot, and Remus was Moony. For the rest of the trio's time at Hogwarts they'd go through the Whomping Willow's hidden passage to an abandoned shack on the edge of Hogsmede dubbed by the locals, "The Shrieking Shack" every full moon. Prior to Sirius and James becoming animagi Remus would go to the shack alone and would be responsible for the screams that gave the house its name. In the trio's fourth year at Hogwarts, James's and Sirius's archnemesis, Severus, would discover the passage under the tree when he followed Sirius go through it from his dormitory window. James was in detention on that day so Sirius was to comfort Remus alone that night. At the next full moon after that night Severus saw Sirius and James go through the tunnel again from his dormitory window. Severus's suspicions grew. The day before the next full moon after that one Severus confronted Sirius while James was in detention again. Sirius told Severus the secret of how to get into the hidden tunnel and joked that they hid their mountains of gold and contraband in there. Severus, however, did not catch the sarcasm in Sirius's voice. When James learned what Sirius had done the next day, he rushed down into the secret passage to find Severus halfway to the Shrieking Shack before he caught up with him. Remus was already there and transformed and Severus would have died had James not saved him. Over the years Peter Pettigrew became a huge laughing stock for the rest of the Hogwarts students. James, Sirius, and Remus constantly made efforts to defend him when Pettigrew was made fun of in their vicinity. Although the trio weren't really friends with Pettigrew, the small boy became fond of them. A few weeks left in the fourth year, Severus and Sirius got into an argument in the entrance hall before breakfast. The argument got very heated and both rivals' wands were drawn when Pettigrew stepped in to repay Sirius for being nice to him. Pettigrew started shouting deeply wounding insults at Severus and Severus