Okay, so here's the thing. I cannot be the only person who was really, really disappointed with the way Percy and Annabeth were portrayed in Blood of Olympus. It made them into side characters who, compared to the rest, were utterly incompetent. I choose to put this down to Tartarus trauma. But since we didn't have their POVs, there's no way to know if that's true. And their portrayal in this - the last book of a series in which they both played pivotal roles - was tremendously disappointing. So, this story is the scenes in which they appear - plus a few extras - told from their perspective. This is my attempt to rectify the wrongs that (I feel) were done to their characters in the book. I liked the book, yes. But I did not like the way my favorite characters were portrayed in it. This story is canon. I will not be changing any dialogue, or any characters. I do not want to take away from the amazingness that is Piper, Jason, Hazel, Frank, Nico, Reyna, or Leo. But, I do want to give Percy and Annabeth their due. So, this. ... Annabeth hated the plan. It wasn't that the plan was bad. It was a good plan – after all, Annabeth herself had helped to concoct it. And it was rare that she hated her own plans, but this one – She'd just returned from Tartarus. She and Percy had gotten a few days back in the light, back with the crew of the ship. A few days to recover – but they couldn't have as long as she'd wanted to. To be fair, no time would have been long enough. But the Seven didn't have the luxury of any time at all. Gaea was going to wake in days' time, and it wasn't like she and Percy could spend days – weeks – months – in the tropics, soaking up the sun and letting it heal them. No, they had to jump right back into battle plans and preparing, and even though plans were Annabeth's forte, she wasn't ready. Not to mention that if she were going to do any mission, she'd much rather have it be one where she could fight , could vent all the bitterness and anger she felt towards monsters and gods alike. She didn't want to have to dress in a pretty outfit, pin her hair back in a fancy style, and pretend that she was delighted to be serving awful old ghost suitors who shouldn't be here in the first place. Nevertheless, that was what she was doing right now, and she hated it. The only one who might possibly hate this plan more than she did was Jason, and that was only because he was cloaked in Mist thick enough to make him look and feel like an old man. The way he groaned and wheezed as they picked their way up the path showed that he wasn't the biggest fan of this plan, either. Nonetheless, Annabeth still felt prickly with irritation, like no one could possibly hate this plan more than she did. "Almost there," said Piper soothingly. "You're doing great." Of the three of them on this mission, Annabeth envied Piper the most. She looked comfortable and lovely in her white dress and perfect hair – as much as she might like to deny it, Piper had been born to wear beautiful clothes and make people fall for her. Not to mention her charmspeak. She was the best actress in the group, for the simple reason that she was able to persuade anyone of anything. Annabeth tried not to be irritated with her friend. It wasn't Piper's fault that Annabeth felt so uncomfortable and angry all the time. It wasn't Piper's problem that dark thoughts swirled constantly in Annabeth's brain, that she had barely slept a wink since she'd escaped Tartarus, that she wanted to be anywhere but here, wearing anything but this gown that screamed subservient , charming , carefree . Not to mention that she felt so jumpy all the time, not safe anywhere, not even in her own head – Jason stopped suddenly, slumped against a tree. "Worst. Idea. Ever." He gasped for air. "Hazel's magic is too good. If I have to fight, I'll be useless." "It won't come to that." The irrational part of Annabeth, the bitter part, almost wanted it to. But she was a child of Athena, and her logic was stronger. She knew that fighting would be a bad idea, and even if it meant she had to suck up to some greedy, lecherous suitor ghosts, it was what she'd have to do. "We infiltrate the palace, we get the information that we need, and we get out. " Instinctively, she groped for where her dagger would have been sheathed, and remembered – yet again – that it wasn't there. Something stabbed uncomfortably at her heart. She'd had that dagger for forever. And yes, she had her new sword, and she'd prize it forever as a memory of Damasen. But she'd always preferred fighting with a knife, and with the loss of her dagger she felt as though the last remnant of Luke was truly gone from her. Well, except for sometimes. Except for those times when she looked into Percy's eyes and saw Luke looking back instead. She swallowed, and focused on Piper, who was lowering her amphora to the ground. "We can rest for a second. Catch your breath, Jason." Annabeth set her amphora down, too, as Jason gulped in air, muttering something under his breath. She didn't like not moving. It was when she was still that the memories would start catching up to her. To distract herself, she cast her gaze around, trying not to remember that her eyes, too, were not constants. It was a curse, she reminded herself. You're not blind. "You sure this is the right hill?" Jason's voice yanked her thankfully out of her thoughts. "Seems kind of . . . I don't know, quiet." Piper reassured him, and Annabeth listened, still looking around. She couldn't tell if the uneasiness she felt was because of the suitors ahead, or if it was just a residual effect of Tartarus. She felt uneasy all the time, really. There was nothing special about today. "I hope our disguises hold up." Better to turn her attention to practical concerns. "The suitors were nasty customers when they were alive. If they find out we're demigods" – "Hazel's magic will work," promised Piper. Annabeth didn't have as much experience with Hazel's Mist as the other two did, because, oh yeah , she'd been hanging out with her boyfriend in the depths of Tartarus . At least Coach Hedge hadn't tried to ground them before he left – though neither of them would have stood for it at this point. But that was beside the point. She decided to trust them. "Well, if I look as old as I feel, my disguise must be perfect. Let's get going." Jason broke Annabeth out of her train of thought again. She led the way, with Jason safe in the middle and Piper bringing up the rear. They climbed in silence for a few more moments, until the crest of the hill was in sight. "Almost there," she remarked. "Let's" – The loud rumble cut her off, and she flinched. Then she realized it was just the suitors. "What was that explosion?" came Jason's voice from behind her. "Don't know, but it sounds like they're having fun." Piper set a hand on Jason's shoulder as Annabeth turned. "Let's go make some dead friends." ... When they arrived at the palace, Annabeth thought she was seeing double. She could see the ruins, the broken-down remains of the palace. But over it, she could see the image of what the palace had once been, the walls and the fountain and the tables, and the suitors. Hundreds of suitors, ghosts, milling around, laughing, running, chasing serving maidens – Annabeth swallowed back a gag of disgust – it was a party, and it was revolting. Annabeth knew that the suitors were horrible alive and dead, but she couldn't help the anger that swelled up in her. She'd just escaped the depths of Tartarus and these ghosts were celebrating and gorging themselves and just – ugh. "That guy just disintegrated my dad." Annabeth knew Jason wasn't a huge fan of his father, but she noticed the indignation in his voice. "Who does he think he is?" Annabeth looked for the ghost and noticed the arrow in his neck. "I'm guessing that's Antinous, one of the suitors' leaders. If I remember right, it was Odysseus who shot him through the neck with that arrow." Right about now, she would have been happy to repeat the action, but she knew it would completely defeat her purpose. "You'd think that would keep a guy down," muttered Piper. "What about all the others? Why are there so many?" Annabeth shrugged. "I don't know. Newer recruits for Gaea, I guess. Some must've come back to life before we closed the Doors of Death. Some are just spirits." She remembered that ghastly elevator ride with Percy, all of her strength going into holding the doors closed – "Some are ghouls," Jason added. "The ones with the gaping wounds and the gray skin, like Antinous . . . I've fought their kind before." "Can they be killed?" Piper started messing with her hair. "Not easily. They're strong and fast and intelligent. Also, they eat human flesh." "Fantastic." Annabeth couldn't fight the bitterness in her voice. "I don't see any option except to stick to the plan. Split up, infiltrate, find out why they're here. If things go bad" – "We use the backup plan," Piper finished. They stood there in silence for a moment, gazing down at the ghouls. Then, Jason took a deep breath. "Be careful down there," he said, and they parted. ... It was easy to slip into the crowd. Annabeth just joined a few specters and pretended she was one of them. Piper was already in character, pouring wine for the ghouls and charming them with her voice and her smile. For as reluctant as she'd started out, the girl had learned how to work her beauty. Annabeth, on the other hand, had no interest in being charming. She wasn't as tolerant – or as good an actress – as Piper. If any of these ghosts tried any flirting with her, she couldn't be held responsible for what she might do. So she set to work taking their plates – a job which required much less interaction. She tried to take in details of their surroundings so she'd be ready for a fight, and tried not to think about how much she wanted Percy here right now. He'd wanted to come with them, but it made more sense for him to stay back. Three was the optimal number for a quest, and he had to watch the sea, anyway. He'd tried to talk Annabeth out of going, to convince her to send someone else, but she'd put on a brave face. "I can survive without you for a day, Seaweed Brain," she'd teased. "Of course you can," was his reply. "You're Annabeth. You can do everything. But I still worry." "I know." She'd kissed him. "But I'll come back to you. You know that." Annabeth didn't want to be codependent. She'd never wanted to be in one of those relationships where she couldn't function without the other person. But she'd always been at her best when Percy was by her side, and after Tartarus she liked being apart even less. She snapped out of it, jerking her mind back into the present. With one half of her brain, she paid attention to Jason and the conversation he was having with the ghosts. With most of the remaining half,