The Dooming Wound By Anarithilien A/N: For those of you following "Dark Forest," I apologize for the delay. I know I've kept you waiting for an update for some time, but please know that I have not given up on that story, it has just been giving me some problems. You see, Thranduil and Gimli have been sparring mercilessly, and I've had to put them into a bit of a time out. So while I've been waiting for their better behavior, I conjured up this story, It's a little late -- more apropos for Halloween really -- but the bunny didn't bite me until that particular eve. Vampire bunny. A real bloodsucker. Ouch. Anyhow, enjoy if you will. Nothing really grotesque here, but I'm giving it a PG rating anyway, for the sake of the kiddies. Onward. Oh, by the way, for this story, paragraphs shown in italics indicate a flashback sequence. I was getting too many complaints about the confusion I cause with the way I typically handle backslides into memory, so hopefully this should make the story easier to follow. The Standard Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings and subsequent characters/locations are the property of the J.R.R. Tolkien estate. Nothing here belongs to me except a very strange plot and a few secondary characters. Absolutely no profit is being made in this endeavor; it's done simply for fun. I must have a very twisted idea of what fun is. Summary: Orcs, Spiders, Nazgul, and a Morgul Blade! Throw in some angst and call it a surreal horror story with Thranduil at its center. Featured parts for Legolas and Oropher. oOoOoOoOoOo Thranduil would not falter. He fought to keep his breath while he pushed one leg before the other in his race. They were near the hospital camp and the precious object in his arms was not something he dared to slow for. Behind him many others bore equal weights, some feeling the same sense of trepidation for theirs as he did his. He came into the camp made up of a cluster of buildings. Word had come before them and many were running out to meet Thranduil and his company. "Calonin to me!" he called to the healer he well knew, not allowing any to hesitate about who would serve him. He wanted a healer with experience and he would choose. He knew all could understand what was in his heart, for it did not take a wise man to decipher the bulk of his burden. "Here!" the healer pointed, indicating the stretcher that could serve in need as a surgical table. "What has come to him?" "We were attacked," the king weakly supplied. He watched as the healer bent over the body, laying his head upon the chest. "Can you help him?" Thranduil asked, but the healer was too caught up in his work to pay him heed. The patient's cloak was drawn aside. Copious amounts of blood poured from the wound and he immediately pressed the cloth back into place. The ravaging effects of the battle had been laid bare to him in that glance. "It is a Dooming Wound," Calonin murmured. His eyes came up swiftly, making contact with Thranduil's before he turned his head to each side. Healers and their aides were at work all around making it difficult to discern what other possible injuries there were. Thranduil supplied what the healer sought. "One is dead," he recounted grimly, "Four others suffered the sting of the forest spiders in the same attack. Twelve more were wounded by Orc blade, but no other is like him." He nodded to the elf before them. The healer fixed him with steely eyes. There was a reason Thranduil had cried out for this particular elf and he waited for confirmation of what he likely suspected. Thranduil knew he must speak words he wished never to say. "He took the wound from a morgul blade," the king supplied, his voice cracking in choked fear. "He suffered the full of the Nazgul's wrath." The healer paused, the impact of this news working over his features. And then he swallowed it, accepting what he must do. "Not the full. If he had, he would be dead now," Calonin said as he returned to his examination with grim determination. "He suffers the vile clutches of the Black Breath," the ancient elf pointed out, shaking his head as he watched his patient's eyes open briefly. They were red-rimmed and filled with fear, and it was clear that this elf was unaware of where he was or what was happening to him. His breath came in quick gasps. His eyes drifted closed as he lapsed into nightmare dreams. The healer lifted the cloak, glancing again at the injury and using a clean rag to wipe away new blood. The cut was clean but he was not pleased. "It struck near his heart." "I know this." Thranduil said, tiring of the redundancy in the exam. He sought action as he turned desperation upon the physician. "What I would know is if he will survive it?" He knew what fate had delivered them; what he wanted was its truth revealed. "Your son has a strong will," the healer said indicating the patient before him. But he said no more, and Thranduil was left without an answer. In his life he had seen the Nazgul's handiwork many times. Sometimes an injury would be minor while other times the wound had a fatal effect. And usually the Black Breath played a part, causing the victim to fall into agonizing despair, trapped in dreams of horror while the body fought off this affliction without aid. But there was worse that could happen. Thranduil shuddered at the thought of it but he knew it well. If the wound was tainted and a remnant of the Nazgul's blade was left within, the victim could become as one with his assailant; he too would become a Wraith. One time before he had witnessed such a fate. It nearly broke him to act on it then. He did not think it was within him to do so again. The healer set to work, calling others to his aid. They lifted the stretcher quickly carrying it into the nearest building and putting it into the cross braces that brought it to table height. Thranduil helplessly watched while Legolas was made ready for the rigors of surgery. His hands reached out to caress the fingers of the younger elf, tenderly offering to sooth though he knew Legolas' mind was beyond all knowing. He felt the subtle tremor of a body in stress, and he willed his heart into his son's, praying for relief from any suffering. Legolas' face contorted with pain, though the king could not be certain its cause. It was either the wound or the hellish dreams induced by the Nazgul's bane. Both were enough to bring hopeless agony. Thranduil felt a small sob escape him as the grips of his own terror mixed with the convoluted chokehold of worry and guilt. "Do not mourn him yet. Not all situations are as dire as those of your recollections," a soft voice whispered into his ear, and though Thranduil did not turn his head, he knew who spoke. "I must see to my men," he said, ignoring the voice, choosing instead to disengage from the hospital scene. He gently laid his son's hand upon the table and turned to the healer he was entrusting with his son. "See to it he survives," he commanded Calonin. Their eyes met. "You know what it is I speak of. Do not let this be his fate." "I will do my best, my lord," the healer said, bowing his head. Indeed he did know, but the outcome was not his to decide, and Thranduil knew he was putting an undue burden on the elf. "You are not so cruel as that," the cool voice admonished from behind, but Thranduil walked from the building. He must keep himself occupied and concern for his men always distracted him from his own worries. "Athedon," the king called out to the first elf he saw, "Report to me." The broad-shouldered elf he jumped to Thranduil's side. Orc blood still smeared one cheek, and a cut was visible across his brow. His clothes bore the brownish stain of spider venom, but Thranduil knew that was likely a remnant of the man he had aided. "Epheron is the only casualty thus far, my lord. All the others are being seen to." "And you?" the king asked, catching the lost look in the elf's eyes. Thranduil saw shock there. The attack had come as a complete surprise and the elf could not be immune to it. He was yet young and new to these fighting forces. But it was hard to know without asking if he had the sense to take responsibility for his own healing. "I am next on the healer's list, my lord," Athedon returned, and Thranduil was pleased. The elf was not so naïve as to think such an ordeal could go without effect. "Good," Thranduil said, patting him on the shoulder as he continued to make his rounds. "And what of you? Will you not see to your injuries?" the voice asked, finding him once again though it had been Thranduil's intent to escape such queries. Thranduil sighed as he marched further on. It was inevitable that a confrontation must occur. As he walked, he could not help recognizing remnants of the past. Each tree, stone, statue and wall that he saw spoke to him from a time before, when life had had grace. They had established this refuge at the old palace some time back when they had started their fight in the darkest regions of the wood. From time to time the healers' camp had to be moved, but usually the battlelines were drawn near this place and more than not the elves were able to protect this safe house. Yet for Thranduil, it was not safe. Memory marred it. "This is my fault," he finally said to his follower, laying the blame before them. "Do not be so ungentle. Legolas is accountable, not you. It was his tenacious ambitions that brought him to these circumstances. It had been his intent all along to vanquish this foe. Your situation only gave him the impetus to act upon it." "Nay, it was my doing," Thranduil objected. And at that moment he could see the scene that had led to their current predicament. He saw the battle and the felling wound. Confusion had ruled in the moments of battle and still Thranduil had seen it. He should have tried to stop it. They had been caught at complete unawares. Night had only just fallen and it was not typical for their enemy to strike so early. Usually it was far later in the evening before the forest's evil made its appearance. It was as if they had expected Thranduil and his forces to be in this place at exactly this moment. The elves had been moving, stealthily darting through the trees. They had thought they were advancing on the enemy camp and had scouted the location carefully. They had thought this, but they were wrong. The spiders were first to come, dropping from the trees. Within seconds, orcs followed, leaping out from seemingly nowhere. They came from all sides. Two elves were stung before the others could compensate for the rush. But they fought, recovering as best they could, taking far fewer wounds than might have been expected given the ferocity of the charge. Thranduil was locked in a tight battle, meeting the blows of a sizeable foe. Taking advantage of a misstep, Thranduil plunged his sword into the belly of the creature, finding nothing but soft matter to meet the biting edge of his blade. The creature fell, and the king looked around, using the brief moment to assess where he