Chapter I I stood outside my marble balcony wondering what was going to happen to my home, Middle Earth. The one Ring had been found after how many years? And now it was in the hands of a hobbit, this truly was a ludicrous world I lived in. I watched as the beautiful Arwen Undomiel rode her majestic white horse out of Rivindale to go and find the injured hobbit. Lord Elrond told me that the Witch King had stabbed him with a mologal sword and without our help he would pass into shadow. I then sat down next to a tree, with its beautiful golden leaves surrounding me. I then began to read with only the moon as my light. Soon I began to doze in and out of sleep until a leaf fell down upon my nose and tickled my cheek. By then it was about midnight; Lord Elrond would not need me for a few more hours. So I decided now was the perfect time to practice my archery and swordsmanship. I walked down the long winding staircase until I got to a clearing where, sadly, Hűrin and Tíck were practicing. The young elves were so cocky about their skills that they began to laugh at me when I showed up in my blue and white flowing gown. "The library is that way," Hűrin said pointing from the direction I just came. "I am not lost," I pronounced lout and strong. "I am going to practice. I do not feel like dying if a batter ever came." The two elves scoffed at me, then Tíck said, "I bet you couldn't hit me even if I was standing st-" Just then I whacked him right across his perfect face. I saw shock on Hurin's face while Tíck's face became red with anger at me. "What were you saying?" I replied back with a smile across my face. "Oh-Nai Ungoliant meditha le!" Tick cried at me while pulling his sword out of his sheath. I looked at him with a razed eyebrow. These young elves get dumber and dumber every generation , I thought to myself. Then I pulled out my sword and looked at the boy into his eyes, which were full of rage, while I'm sure my forest green eyes were looking calmly into his. I then waited for his attack. His first strike was to my thigh, but I deflected with the greatest of ease and left a cut on Tick's wrist. Then he tried my left arm, but I was too fast for him. Finally I flicked my wrist in a clockwise motion until his blade could no longer touch me and I pushed him down with my sword's tip. The two young men walked away with grimaces on their faces. I then pulled out my bow and quiver and practiced on the targets that were set up. I love the feeling of my bow in my hands and pulling back the arrow until you know you have a kill shot in your hands. And once you release the arrow it is breathtaking on how majestic it truly is. It was quiet in Rivendale and I practiced being as quiet as I possibly could so that when I had to kill someone, which I knew I would have to eventually, I could do it without making a noise. Dawn had soon broke and it was beautiful, I sat down just watching it come into the valley. Then I saw Arwen racing down the valley's slope with a lump in her arms. I ran to where Lord Elrond was and watched him heal the boor brave little hobbit. "Séreméla watch over him until he is truly back into this world," Lord Elrond told me as he left the room to take a break. I sat next to the hobbit, a book in my hands, and just looked at him. He had dark curly brown hair and such pale skin. I decided not to think too much about his condition or I thought I would cry for the poor dear, so I opened my book to my spot. My favorite poem was on that page and I sang it out loud in Elvish: I ngîl cennin erthiel Ne menel aduial, Ha glingant be vîr Síliel moe. I ngîl cennin firiel Ne menel aduial, And-dúr naun i fuin a galad firn Naegriel moe. An i natha An i naun ului A chuil, ann-cuiannen Am meleth, perónen Every now and then he would twitch, but his face slowly began to regain its color and I noticed that his eyes would occasionally open and close. I knew that this was a strong hobbit, and then I saw It. The Ring. There in the hobbit's pocket was where it was. I looked at it puzzling on how this one Ring could have caused so much death in Middle Earth. Then Lord Elrond walked in and following him was an old man with a brown cloak on and a matching pointy hat. It was Gandalf the Grey! "Ah, my dear Séreméla thank you for watching Frodo for me," said Gandalf. "Frodo has been whispering your name Gandalf. Why?" I asked as they each sat down on a chair. "Well my dear, it is a long story and requires me to speak to Lord Elrond before you. I truly am sorry my Princess," Gandalf smiled. "Arwen is in her room, if you would like to leave us," Lord Elrond told me. Arwen was not my favorite person, but I could deal with her more than some of the other elven women. "Le hannon Lord Elrond," I replied back. I left the room my dress flowing in the autumn wind. As I walked to Arwen's room I saw four people enter. One of them was Aragorn, who loved Arwen, and the others had to be hobbits, so instead of going by Arwen I went towards the men. "Aragorn!" "Oh, Séreméla," called Aragorn. He looked so rugged and handsome. "Mára aurë, Manen nalyë?" Hey, how are you? I asked him, taking a glance at the other hobbits. "Well pretty bad actually. Gandalf had asked me to find Gollum as fast as I could, but the Orks got him first." He pounded his fist into his hands. I knew that he didn't want to be like his ancestors so much and he tried to do the best that he could. "Gandalf then told me that a hobbit would be traveling to Rivendell and that all of us would meet at the Inn of the Prancing Pony. Well Frodo didn't know who I was and I didn't know that he was the ring bearer until he accidentally slipped the Ring on his finger. Then I brought them to Withertop, but the Nine was following us. " I held in a gasp for the Nine were the most feared creatures, besides Sauron. "There Frodo was stabbed after he would not give the Witch King the Ring. Arwen rode out and found us. She decided to take Frodo, for as long as she could get across Rivendell's boarder Lord Elrond could protect him. And here I am. And these," he wove his hand to the three hobbits, "are my new friends. Mr. Meriadoc Brandybuck," Merry bowed, "Mr. Peregrin Took," he bowed, "and Mr. Samwise Gamgee," and lastly Sam bowed. "And who are you?" asked Perigrin Took. I looked at him a little shocked that someone would directly ask me that. "Well my name is Séreméla and I am a warrior princess. My parents were in relation to Lord Elrond and they fought in the finial alliance of men and elves and died. They were each named as a king and queen, and everyone calls me a princess." "Oh," replied all of the hobbits, and even Aragorn. "Arwen's in her room in you care to know," I told Aragorn with a hint of a smile. He gave me a big smile in return and jogged that way. Sadly I knew that Aragorn could never love me, he was already madly in love with Arwen. I looked at the little hobbits and asked, "So, do you guys get any taller?" "Well," started Peregrin Took whom I took to be the most outgoing of the group, "I am considered to be one of the tallest." Meriadoc stopped him when he said, "Um, Pip, I have been taller that you all our lives. So you are not the tallest." The two hobbits kept on bickering about who was taller while Samwise stood still. He looked saddened in a way that could not be described. I looked at him, wondering why in the world would this hobbit have left his beloved home? "Are you okay Samwise?" I asked him. "I'm scared for Frodo, we've been friends for a good many years and I don't want to loose him. Oh- you can call me Sam." I looked at the hobbit a bit surprised at the response, "I hope we can become good friends Sam." I bowed to all of the hobbits and walked away. As I walked I saw Gandalf and Lord Elrond in the library having a very serious conversation. I snuck into the library and quickly and quietly hid behind a stack of books. Frodo must have woken up for I heard muffled laughter in the distance. I kept my distance behind the two and listened with keen interest. "His strength returns," Lord Elrond said almost in amazement and looked out into the valley. "That wound will never heal," Gandalf said with remorse in his voice. "He will carry it with him for the rest of his life." "And yet," Lord Elrond began, I could tell where this was going, "to have come so far still bearing the Ring the hobbit has shown extraordinary resilience to its evil." I wanted to jump up and scream in Frodo's defense that he is just a hobbit and he should get to live out the rest of his life in peace. "It is a burden he should never have had to bear," Gandalf countered. "We can ask no more of Frodo." Lord Elrond frowned, "Gandalf, the enemy is moving." His voice became agitated. "Sauron's forces are massing in the east. His Eye is fixed on Rivendell." He sighed, "And Saruman, you tell me, has betrayed us. Our list of allies grows thin." "His treachery runs deeper than you know," Gandalf added. Lord Elrond's eyebrows knitted together. "By foul craft, Saruman has crossed Orks with Goblin men. He's breading an army in the caverns of Isengard. An army that can move in sunlight and covet great distance at speed. Saruman is coming for the Ring." I was shocked by this news. I could not believe that this well-known and respected wizard would ever do such a thing and none the less to someone in his own council. "This evil cannot be concealed by the power of the elves," Lord Elrond whispered in an angry voice. He had slowly gotten me to agree with him on the matter of the Ring. "We do not have the strength to fight both Mordor and Isengard!" He paused for a while as Gandalf paced. "Gandalf... the Ring cannot stay here." Then I heard horses' hooves and I could not help but to look behind the books to see a young man in beautiful clothes with a horn. It was a man of Gondor! I had no clue could have been going on. Then elves appeared, but not just elves Mirkwood elves! They were riding their beautiful white horses with their brown jackets covering them. I wanted to moan when Legolas Greenleaf strode in looking as handsome as ever... how I loathed him. His father and my parents had different views and to say the least, they hated each other. Then the Dwarfs came in, they were the most stubborn creatures in Middle Earth. "This peril belongs to all Middle Earth," concluded