A/N: I know it's been forever since I posted something. I'm sorry, I've had a bit of writer's block. I can't say I'm happy with this piece (I should probably say that AFTER you try to read it, but...) but wanted to try it as an exercise to get me back into the swing of writing. It's for Everlarkrecs Fairy Tale challenge, and is loosely based on Beauty and the Beast. It's the early hours of the morning, three days after Peeta's rescue, when a package from the Capitol is delivered to District Thirteen. It's not a fiery rain of destruction, as Thirteen had expected in retaliation. No, this is a small glass box encasing a perfectly preserved rose with a note that reads: Miss Everdeen, perhaps I'm not the one who needs convincing." Finnick recognizes it as one of Snow's signature time bombs. The rose is not attached to explosives, rather genetically modified to mirror the health of its host, usually victims who have been poisoned by the president. The message to Katniss is clear. Someone will wilt away like the rose in the glass box. Peeta. It's the game they've been playing for over a year now. A fate she can not escape. There can only be one victor, and as long as she lives, Peeta will be meant to die. "The Capitol can't touch him now," Haymitch reminds her, after she's stormed out of the command center, her feet carrying her to the psychiatric ward without thought, where she stands before his cell. The words ring hollow, because that mutt tied up on the other side of the padded wall isn't Peeta Mellark. Peeta Mellark may as well be dead. Yet, as she stares at him through the two way mirror, his dark, vacant eyes looking back at her even though it is impossible for him to see her on the other side, she can't bring herself to end his life. And she doesn't know why. "The boy's as stubborn as you," he says when met with silence. "He's cheated death twice now. I'm sure he can beat the odds." Katniss isn't sure she believes him, and before she allows herself to think about it too much, she leaves for District Two. A week after their meeting during Finnick and Annie's wedding, Katniss sees him again in the cafeteria. She thinks she's imagining it, and based off the stunned expressions from the rest of the table, nobody expected to see Peeta Mellark walking free either. He's shackled at his wrists and escorted by two large guards. His head is bowed, his once broad shoulders slumped dejectedly, and his eyes are sunken and tired looking. She watches him carefully as he moves past their table, but he doesn't spare even a glance in her direction. It's as if she doesn't exist to him. Instead he moves to an empty table on the far side of the room where he sits to eat. "They let him out?" Katniss says, no longer able to distract herself with the tasteless sludge on her plate. "They've started acclimating him with the standard schedule," Delly explains. Katniss feels her throat tighten at the thought of his hands around her neck. "Is that safe?" Prim's kept her updated on Peeta's progress, but Haymitch's reports are never nearly as optimistic. "Are any of us safe to be around?" Johanna asks from across the table. The discussion ends abruptly when a loud commotion draws their attention. A crowd has formed in the corner where Peeta was sitting, and when she pushes her way through it, she finds what everyone is fussing over. Peeta, laying lifeless on the floor. The white petals begin to shrivel and the edges have turned to a rotting shade of brown. Katniss sits listlessly beside the rose, leaving smudges along the glass where her fingers softly stroke the surface. She's refused to leave the medical wing – Haymitch too, and they sit in a sterile room on hard metal chairs in complete silence. Waiting. When the doctor enters, neither one sits up in acknowledgment. They're too tired for pleasantries, and even so, they were never much for those to begin with. The doctor opens his chart and begins to systematically read off the bullet points of Peeta's diagnosis. The tracker jacker venom is affecting more than his memories and behavior. The production of key hormones have been paralyzed, and in some cases are mimicking chemicals found in the venom. They've been able to synthesize and stabilize some of his levels using steroids but his cardiovascular system is shutting down. The words jumble in her head as if spoken in another language. She wishes Prim was with her to translate and put her at ease, but as usual, her only source for comfort is Haymitch. She looks at him expectantly and he sighs before putting it into terms she'll understand. "Loverboy's dying of a broken heart," he says gruffly, shaking his head in disbelief. "How poetic." She can't help but feel responsible. A thousand screams echo in her mind. One voice for each soul who's been laid to rest by her hand. She can't add Peeta to that list. She wouldn't be able to bear it. There's only one thing left to do. She's what's driving him mad, and the beast that's holding him hostage won't leg go until she's dead. The rebellion doesn't need her. Sure she's a great shot, but if Coin wants a Mockingjay, she's far better off with Peeta Mellark as her symbol. The last time Katniss tried to play the part, she ended up with a bullet in her side. When she goes to Coin's office, everyone of importance is there. Plutarch, Haymitch, Finnick, Gale, and a few other officials. Katniss doesn't waste time acknowledging them all. Instead, she steps directly to President Coin's desk and offers to kill herself. When no one listens, she reaches for a pen from her desk, ready to plunge it into her neck. Katniss's "psychotic break" earns her another stay at the hospital with a special bracelet around her wrist. They dull her mind with morphling and keep her locked away before word catches that their mockingjay is nothing but a cuckoo bird.. In her drug hazed dreams Peeta – her Peeta – comes to see her, looking just as handsome as the last time she saw him. His blue eyes are so bright, they sparkle still, even in the foggy twilight. "Don't desert me, Katniss," he says, his tone pleading. "Not until you've saved me from this cruel misery." She reaches out to touch him but he's always just out of grasp. "I can't," she says. "I don't know how." "Stay with me," he tells her. It's surprising, even with a bracelet that claims her to be mentally unsound that as the Mockingjay, Katniss has access to rooms that are usually restricted. When she presses her palm to the scanner beside the door, the lights flash green and the locks click open. Peeta's no longer being kept in a high security cell, in fact his compartment isn't much different from hers – only three rooms down, and she's startled to find that the thick leather straps once used to restrain him have been removed. He sits at a small desk in the corner, hunched over a sketchbook, which he scribbles in with sharp strokes of his pencil. When she makes no move to announce herself, he glances up from his work. His eyes narrow at the sight of her, flitting towards the door like a wild animal who's been cornered and is looking for an escape. Then his posture eases, and a smirk slants his lips. "Here to finish me off, sweetheart?" he asks coolly, turning his attention back to his drawing. She stumbles back a step, catching herself against the wall before she falls. Her throat tightens and it feels impossible to speak. What was she thinking by coming here? "I hear you're doing that well enough yourself," she says. She flinches at the harshness of her words, but Peeta finds it amusing. "You like that, don't you? Finally a casualty you can't take credit for." "That's not true," she mumbles. "Of course not. This is all about you after all." She feels her blood boil at his taunting tone. She hates him. Whoever this stranger is, she despises him. She turns to leave, admonishing herself for chasing after a dream. Praying for her nightmares to return so she won't be fooled again. "I never asked for any of this," she says, pressing her forehead against the door. All she ever wanted was for her sister to be safe and for Peeta to make it out alive. Her sister doesn't need her anymore, but Peeta does. Abruptly, she crosses the room, falling to her knees before him. She takes his hands and wraps them around her neck, urging him to tighten his grip. He stares at her with slightly crazed bewilderment, his fingers flexing against her pulse but never tightening. His breath quickens suddenly and his hands begin to tremble. She meets his eyes, to see that the irises have been swallowed by his wide pupils. "Get out of here, Katniss," he growls. "Do it, please," she says, clinging desperately to his wrists. "You'll be free." He shakes away her grasp and turns in his chair to return to his sketch. "Sounds like a brilliant plan," he says drily. "The deranged mutt snapping the Mockingjay's neck? I'd be a free man for sure." He shakes his head and let's out a tired sigh. "I don't want to kill you, Katniss." "You don't?" she says, and for a moment she's disappointed. He looks at her, his eyes scanning her face, lingering on her mouth. His fingers clench the edge of his desk and he wets his lips. "Honestly, I don't know what I want to do to you," he says uneasily. She feels an unexpected warmth in her chest. Something vaguely familiar. A tingle that frightening, yet exciting. She blinks away the thoughts. The thoughts of a hunger. A kiss. And by the way he looks at her, he's hungry too. She hurries to the door and doesn't allow herself to look back. The night is too long and the morphling isn't enough to bring her sleep. She wraps herself in her blankets and buries her face beneath the limp pillow. She flips restlessly against the mattress, her mind drifting to places it shouldn't. She hates the boy who is pretending to be Peeta. He's violent and cruel and he'll let Peeta die if she doesn't stop him. Yet he looks like Peeta, and sounds like Peeta, and smells like Peeta. She squeezes her eyes shut, a shiver trembling through her body. She reaches into the drawer of her bedside table to retrieve her pearl. The only memory of him that she's certain of. She presses the small bead to her lips, and falls asleep. He comes to her again in her dreams begging for her to find him. They're somewhere in the clouds, or a dense, never ending fog. She doesn't know where they are or how she'd find this place again. "I don't know where to look," she tells him sadly. "I'm closer than you think," he promises her. The haze turns into thick, dark plumes of smoke, with flames licking up around their feet. Katniss is still looking for an escape when a mutt emerges from the fire, tackling Peeta and ripping him apart before she can stop it. She shrieks, thrashing and clawing against the mutt when it turns on her, until she's trapped in its arms. "Katniss!" She wakes, clutched against Peeta's chest. A nightmare. It was only a nightmare. She clings to him for dear life, tears burning her cheeks. Even in the darkness, her mouth finds his, hoping to erase every cruel memory her mind has haunted her with. She can't lose him again.