Written for promptsinpanem everlark challenge on tumblr for the deadly sin sloth and based on the blog "Forty Days of Dating." Her phone vibrates violently on top of her desk and her hand snaps out to silence it. "Your vibrator looks an awful lot like a phone," Peeta says dully, flipping through his portfolio of photos one last time. "And it seems to have a mind of its own." She blushes furiously but quickly regains her composure, rolling her eyes at his crassness. "That's the fourth time it's buzzed in the last fifteen minutes," he says, and it comes off as a casual observation when she knows that he's secretly prying. "Is everything okay?" "Yeah, fine." She picks up her phone and scrolls through the settings to put it on vibrate. "It's just this guy." "Oh," he says, closing his portfolio and turning his attention to something impossibly fascinating on his shoe. She feels guilty and she doesn't know why. "It was this casual thing. We only went out a few times and it didn't really go anywhere." "Besides straight to voice mail," he comments when the screen on her phone lights up again with an incoming call. She flips it over and covers it with a stack of papers. "Does he know you two aren't seeing each other anymore?" "He's getting there," she says and begins to minimize and maximize windows on her desktop in hopes of dropping the conversation entirely. Peeta finally gets called into her editor's office, giving her a reprieve from his questioning. It's nearly 5PM and as usual she's been checked out since 4:30. She hits refresh on her e-mail one last time and decides it's a good a time as any to fill out her time sheet. "Happy hour tonight?" Peeta asks when he's returned from his meeting. Thursday night happy hour at the Hob has been a ritual since college. It's a complete dive bar and everything on tap tastes terrible, but it's the only time she consistently sees Finnick and Johanna these days. "Wouldn't miss it," she says, gathering her things. "Do you need a ride?" Peeta says before his phone begins to ring. "No, I drove today." He's already answering his phone and he nods, mouthing see you there, while he backs away towards the break room. "Hello, Delly?" she hears him say into the phone as he moves farther away. "No I'm not too busy, what do you need?" Katniss rolls her eyes. Peeta and Delly haven't dated since high school, in fact, Delly's been dating this guy Thom for years now. They may even be engaged. Yet, every time she calls, Peeta drops everything for her. It's not just Delly though. It's every girl he's ever dated. There was Bristel for a year in college, and Clove for only a handful of months, and Glimmer who she swore she only met one time, their relationship was so brief. All of these girls, and more, seem to pop up on his phone periodically, and he tends to them as if they were good friends and not virtual strangers. One date with Peeta Mellark gets you a lifetime membership it seems. Katniss doesn't know why it bothers her. Peeta is a caring and compassionate person, and she's the polar opposite in that regard. It's hard for her to care about people the way that he does. Sometimes she wishes that she could be more like him, but she doesn't know how to open herself up like that. She doesn't trust as easily as he does. She gets to the Hob after Johanna and Finnick and they sit at their usual table, sharing a pitcher of a bitter tasting IPA. Peeta arrives about 20 minutes later, and slips into her side of the booth. It's a tight squeeze and he drapes his arm across the back of the bench so that it's resting across her shoulder. It's a somewhat affectionate gesture, but that's the norm between the two of them. This type of contact usually makes her uncomfortable with others, but with Peeta it's second nature. Finnick asks why Peeta was late and Katniss can't help but drop a snide comment about Delly's phone call. As usual, Peeta's wit is quick to dissuade the situation back onto her. "Will phone guy be joining us? Or are there not enough bars in this bar to make a connection?" Katniss rolls her eyes and drains the rest of her second beer before pouring another. "Who is phone guy?" Johanna asks with mild amusement. "No one," Katniss says shortly. "Kind of like Darius," Peeta says. "Who's Darius?" Finnick says, his eyes narrowed as he tries to put a name to a face. "Exactly," Peeta says with a triumphant grin. Darius was a guy that Katniss went out with for a few weeks — mostly coffee dates. She never brought him around Finnick or Johanna because she never really mixes her personal life with her personal life. The only reason Peeta even knew about him was because Darius had stopped by her magazine during the time she had been subtly trying to break things off with him. Peeta had held her hand and kissed her until Darius got the point. She still feels sort of awful about the whole thing. "How many secret boyfriends do you have?" Johanna teases. Katniss scowls. "I don't have any secret boyfriends," she mumbles, her blunt nail scratching furiously at a fading water ring on the table. "Katniss only has secret flings," Peeta says. "The idea of an actual relationship is too terrifying for her." "And Peeta keeps an extensive harem, because he thinks that every girl is the one , even though they just want to borrow $20 and get a ride to the airport." "That's not true," he argues. "It was an Amtrak station." "You two are such relationship-sloths," Finnick says after taking a long swig from his beer. "I think you mean relationship-phobe," Johanna says. "No, they're not afraid of relationships. They're just too lazy to have a real one." He calls their waitress over to order another pitcher while they stew over what he's said. Then, unexpectedly, he elaborates with: "You two should date each other." Peeta and Katniss straighten in their seats in an instant, too incredulous to speak. "He has a point," Johanna says, as if the idea weren't the most shocking she had ever heard. "Peeta needs a girl who doesn't take advantage of his emotional availability, and Katniss needs a guy who is patient enough to chisel through her harsh personality." Katniss scowls at her friend and tries not to humor the idea. "You two have been friends for years, you've already overcome those hurdles, now reward each other with sex," Johanna concludes. "That's an awful idea," Katniss says. "Yeah? Are you attracted to Peeta?" It's not something she's thought about, consciously anyway. She doesn't know what to say and that scares her. Maybe it's because she's halfway through her third beer, but without really thinking she finds herself nodding in reply. "Sure," she says honestly. Peeta is being uncharacteristically quiet, even when Johanna asks him the same question. He hesitates, his eyes seeking hers as if looking for approval. "Yeah, I guess," he says. "Then what's the problem?" "What happens when we break up?" Katniss argues. "Then Finnick and I will get two Christmases," she says wryly and swipes Katniss's glass when she goes to reach for it. "Give it a month, like a 30 day trial," Finnick suggests. "Relationships take a lot of work. If Annie and I weren't completely committed to one another, there's no way we would have lasted." She sneaks a glance at Peeta to gauge his reaction to the idea, but for some reason she can't look at him. Thankfully, the subject is dropped after this, and they spend the rest of the night taunting Finnick over his impending engagement. The thought continues to creep up on Katniss though. She catches herself admiring Peeta's smile for a moment too long. Or enjoying the feel of his elbow on her shoulder when he rests against her. Everything between them is the same, yet suddenly, totally different. It's dark out by the time they leave. Katniss is parked a few blocks away and accepts Peeta's offer to walk her to her car. They linger beside her car door beneath the faint yellow glow of a streetlamp. "How would this work?" she asks him abruptly. It takes him a moment to catch up with her train of thought, but soon his eyes light up with understanding. "I don't know. We'd go on dates, I guess. And see each other more often. Try doing things that couples do." "Like sleep together," she says, assuming that he's already thinking it. "If we wanted to," he says, and this time he's the one who can't hold her gaze. She sighs. Being in a relationship has never been something that's interested her. It takes trust and some level of dependance and those are two things that Katniss does not do easily. But Peeta is someone that she already trusts and she thinks she could depend on him too, if she allowed herself. "30 days?" she says. He seems confused again. "You want to try this?" "I don't know." She feels anxious and excited at the same time, like something awful or wonderful could happen in an instant. "We'd have to have rules. In case things go wrong, so we won't lose this," she says, gesturing between them. "30 days," he says. "We try to see each other every day, maybe try things that we wouldn't usually do, and when it's over, either one of us can end it. No questions asked. And if we want to, after, we can see where it goes." She feels it again, this spark of energy. In this moment, floodgates are breaking and there's a change in their relationship that will never be the same, even if they take back this foolish arrangement. "Okay then." She extends her hand, intending for them to shake on it. "Okay," he says with a nervous laugh and accepts her hand. But then something happens and she's not sure exactly how, but she's pressed against her car and he's pressed against her and they're kissing frantically. There are too many conflicting emotions to make sense of, and wrapped around him in this instant, she doesn't want to. They spend day one in bed. He works for himself and she calls in sick from the magazine and they tangle themselves in her sheets and attempt to do all the sorts of non-friendly things they never would have done in the past. It's surprisingly easy, this transition into intimacy. She thought she'd feel embarrassed or stupid, given how well they know each other, but the familiarity makes it better. She's not afraid to tell him what she wants, directing his hands and mouth to the places that make her call his name. And Peeta barely needs any guidance. He's attuned to when she's being genuine, accepting nothing less until he's certain she is satisfied. She could easily spend 30 days doing this, but even in her lust fueled haze, she knows that this type of connection is fleeting, and will implode if they aren't careful. Day 2, Saturday, she runs into Johanna at the grocery store. Johanna is coy, as if she already knows what has happened, and Katniss is such a bad liar, she immediately folds. "That's a lot of Gatorade." Is all Johanna has to say as she casually addresses the case in Katniss's cart. "You need any condoms with that?" Katniss's face turns so red, there couldn't be another answer. "Phone guy?" Johanna asks with a wicked grin. "Peeta," she admits. Johanna is shocked and practically drags her out of the store to the nearest coffee shop. "That's not dating, that's friends with benefits," Johanna tells her bluntly after Katniss has relayed