A/N This is a submission to Prompts in Panem ( promptsinpanem on tumblr) for the visual prompt of a road trip. Check out my tumblr ( absnow ) for other submissions from this week's challenge. Get Your Kicks It started with a misdialed phone number. The number wasn't misdialed, per se, as Peeta had typed in each digit correctly. It was only after the fact, once he had hit the 'Send' button, that Peeta recognized the error of his ways. That the card, which he had pulled from the Travel Connections Board in the student union, belonged to Katniss Everdeen. He grimaced, wondering if he could hang up without prolonging the awkwardness, but then she answered. "Hello?" she asked, in her usual short, harsh voice. "Katniss, hey." He hesitated, tapping his finger against the glass window that separated the corridor from the union's dining room. "It's Peeta," he said. He paused, waiting for some sort of reaction, but the other end of the line remained silent. Perhaps she had forgotten the night before. "I saw that you needed a ride home. It was on the travel board?" "You're going home?" she said. "Yeah." "Driving?" she asked, her tone incredulous although the statement was harmless. "That's the plan," he said. "My last final is Thursday morning, see you then," she said, before promptly hanging up. Peeta stared at his phone, wondering what had just transpired. He and Katniss were acquaintances, but he'd never categorize their relationship as a friendship. Sure, they were the only students at USC to come from their small town, Pennsylvania high school – Peeta for film making and Katniss for some special plant biology program, but because of the nature of the programs, their paths rarely crossed. With the exception of the phone call they'd just exchanged, and the party they both happened to have attended the night before, he had never really spoken to her much at all. His knees buckled and he let his head fall back against the window behind him. They had kissed the night before, and she didn't even remember. Thursday morning, after he knew the morning session of finals had ended, Peeta pulled his rusted Cavalier into the circle outside of the freshman dormitory. Katniss was waiting outside of the doors with a backpack slung over her shoulder and a duffel bag at her feet. Peeta popped the trunk for her, and she stuffed the duffel bag inside. She tossed her backpack and jacket into the back and buckled into the passenger seat. Driving ten hours each day, it would take four days to get to Panem from Los Angeles. Peeta had made the trip once, when he first moved into his dorm that past August. He had been by himself at the time, and found it to be terribly boring. The alternative, however, didn't seem to be much of an improvement. Katniss was silent on the other side of the car. Her knees were pressed against the dash, and she was slouched in her chair with her weight mostly on her lower back, in a position that didn't look to be at all comfortable. The song on the radio was drowned by static, and he punched the 'Tune' button to find another station. They'd crossed through the mountains, which surrounded Los Angeles, and were now speeding further away from civilization into the heart of the desert. Peeta sighed as he watched the numbers whiz past without settling on anything but noise. He flipped off the radio, and held the steering wheel with both hands. "So, how do you like USC?" he asked, after what seemed like an hour of silence. She turned her head to look at him, and then propped it in her hand to stare out the window. "It's okay," she said. He turned the radio back on and flipped through the same selection of static. He turned it off. "You're friends with Madge?" he said after another lull. Her eyes widened and he could have sworn the olive skin that covered her cheeks turned pink. "She's my roommate," she said with some hesitation. Madge hung around Finnick Odair, who was a senior, and the captain of the wrestling team. Peeta was on the team too, barely, which was why he was invited to the parties in the first place, and how he knew Madge. She usually showed up with a few girls from her pledge class, but at the most recent gathering, brought Katniss along. Katniss had looked to be mulling over the logistics of quite literally drowning herself in a red Solo cup for most of the night, and appeared completely disinterested in the idea of socializing. Peeta, however, was half a beer past the point of caring, and worked had up the courage that no one else at the party could. He talked to her. Briefly. Because apparently she was as drunk as he was, and while he knew that words were exchanged, he couldn't for the life of him remember a single one. Peeta's tongue darted out to wet his lips, and he quickly set his eyes back on the road. He could remember kissing her though. "Why didn't you just fly home?" she asked, sounding annoyed with him. "Oh, um, I'm afraid of flying," he said sheepishly. The road was flat and disappeared over the horizon in an unending haze. "You know, between gas, food, and hotels, it's almost cheaper to just fly," he pointed out. She shifted in her seat. "Not when you try to book a flight right before Christmas. My boss is a dick and wouldn't give me the week off until the last minute, so I wasn't even going to go home in the first place." She bowed her head, embarrassed by the smile that crept across her lips. "I'm trying to surprise someone." Peeta exhaled louder than he had intended. He remembered in high school that she was always hanging around with that Gale guy, even after he had graduated. And now here Peeta was, chauffeuring her across the country so that she could reunite with him for the holidays. He felt like he was going to be sick. That was another thing about Katniss, that Peeta had failed to mention. He may have been head over heels in love with her. An unrequited love that began the moment he first laid eyes on her in the first grade. When he had first sent his letter of intent to USC, he had no idea that Katniss would be attending as well. It was only at orientation, when he saw her lumped in with the freshmen class for the School of Science, that he realized kismet had come into play, and while he never had the nerve to talk to her in high school, his opportunity had been extended by four more years. Except not. Because she still had a boyfriend. His desire to go home grew even less, if that were possible. "What's wrong with you?" she asked, pulling him from his sulking. "Huh?" "You're driving like 90 miles an hour, which I'm fine with, but before you were barely breaking the speed limit." His eyes shot to the speedometer, and he lifted his foot from the gas to slam on the breaks. "Sorry," he chuckled nervously. "Sometimes I get a little lead footed." He glanced at the road sign up ahead, which read 'Flagstaff.' "Ever been to the Grand Canyon?" he asked. "No?" She was eying him as if he were crazy, and he really couldn't blame her. "Me either, and that's a shame because it will be the second time I've passed it now." He was talking too loudly and too fast, but he couldn't control it. "I mean, isn't that the quintessential bucket list entry? Really, we're doing a disservice to the human race by so thoughtlessly driving past it." "What are you suggesting?" she asked, her arms folding across her chest. "That we take a detour. What's an hour to a 40 hour road trip?" Her lips pursed as she looked up at the road sign ahead. "Okay," she acquiesced. He smiled and pulled the car off the road at the next exit. It was winter - the off season, and most of the trails were closed. Peeta begrudgingly paid the park fee before navigating through the twisting paths that would lead to the Grand Canyon village, where he planned on having a late lunch and buying obscenely stupid souvenirs. It seemed odd as they drove through the thin forest that surrounded the south rim, Peeta thought the park would be more extravagant, more breathtaking, but there wasn't much to see at all. And then, when they pulled into the parking lot to the village, he saw it. The ground opened and swirled into intricate ridges, bouncing the light off the canyon walls to produce the most beautiful shade of orange he had ever seen. It was like an immortalized sunset, carved into the earth. He stepped up to the stone barrier and began snapping photos with his phone, silently admonishing himself for not packing along his DSLR. There was a rustling beside him, and he watched as Katniss stepped over the wall to inch closer to the ledge. "What are you doing?" Peeta shouted. "I'm getting a better look," she said, glancing calmly over the edge. There was a good 10 feet that separated the area that had been roped off from where Katniss stood, but Peeta could only laugh indignantly at her statement. "A better look? Katniss, the canyon is literally more than 100 miles wide, a couple extra feet isn't going to get you a better look." "I was curious," she shrugged, and reluctantly stepped back over the fence. Peeta bought a hotdog from one of the food stands at the gift shop, while Katniss unpacked some beef jerky and chips she had brought with her. There wasn't really any indoor seating, so he suggested eating in his car, but the weather wasn't too bad, and there were plenty of picnic tables in the courtyard at the center of the village. They ate quietly both overlooking the canyon the entire time. "You ready to go?" he asked when they were finished. She looked at him, confused. "Aren't we going to go inside?" "Is that even allowed?" Peeta said. "Don't you need to sign up for a tour?" Katniss crossed the courtyard to approach the opening of the guard rail where a trail began. "Race you to the bottom?" she teased. His feet followed after her on their own accord, and he wondered what he was getting himself into. "You going to give me head start?" he said, when he was at her heel. The trail was only a few feet wide with a rock wall to the right and an endless drop into the canyon on the left. She turned to lean against the rock wall, arching her eyebrow at him before glancing over the ledge. He laughed and shifted his weight so that he was leaning beside her. "I see where this is going," he said. She smiled sweetly at him, and Peeta couldn't help but notice how nice her smile was. She didn't do it often. She was usually scowling - at what, he didn't know. When she smiled though, her face relaxed, and her eyes opened a little wider, and he could appreciate the silver flecks of color in them. "You're trouble. You know that?" he said, willing himself to move away. He couldn't though, he really wanted to kiss her. That would be okay, right? They had done it a few nights before. Granted, they were drunk at the time and neither had spoken of the event since. There was also that looming possibility that he was driving her home to see her boyfriend. That certainly complicated matters as well. He sighed and pushed off the wall to look out at the canyon again. "This was nice,"