Arena Park was the old amusement park on the outskirts of Panem. It wasn't a tourist attraction with barreling, death defying roller coasters, or whimsical European themes. That was Capitol Adventures, only two exits down the highway. Arena Park was closer to a permanent carnival. Its main attraction was a rickety Ferris wheel which was barely 50ft tall, and the lone wooden roller coaster with its unimpressive hills could be outrun by a bumper car. Peeta Mellark had not been to Arena Park in years – not since he was a kid. In fact, he was quite surprised to learn that it was still operating the summer after his senior year of high school when he was looking for employment. See, to work at Capitol Adventures, which paid a whole $10 an hour, you needed experience, and to get experience, you needed to work at Arena Park. At least that was the chain of command he'd learned from his good friend Delly Cartwright, who'd been working at Arena Park since she was 13. Delly wasn't the type who worked for money though. Delly was the type who worked for the memories and the lifelong friends. "Honestly Pete, at Capitol they only know their employees by a job number," she'd told him when he had shown apprehension at settling for the lesser paying gig. "What sort of enriching experience is that?" Peeta had swallowed his words at this. He had plenty of friends in school and was sociable enough to easily make casual acquaintances, which were the only types of relationships he was really looking for at this point. Peeta's main objective was to make enough money to move out of Panem come September. He'd already been accepted into a prestigious art program in New York with a scholarship to cover most of the tuition. All except for room and board. A hefty fee that his mother had refused to chip in on because she felt an education in art was a waste of money. Working at his parent's bakery was classified as a chore – one for which he was not paid, leaving him with no other option but to seek employment elsewhere. At Arena Park specifically. The park was run by a drunk named Haymitch Abernathy and the interview process was no more than a few monosyllabic grunts before a faded burgundy polo with an embroidered logo was shoved into Peeta's chest. "Burgundy? That means you work in the concession stands," Delly explained to him since Mr. Abernathy certainly wasn't going to give him any instructions. Delly wore yellow, which was for running games on the midway. "And they're the ride operators," she said pointing at a pair in dark green on the far side of the courtyard. Peeta only vaguely recognized the guy. Gale something. He was a few years older. Old enough that stubble peppered his sharp looking jaw. And even though he was lean, he carried himself with a sturdiness that was quite intimidating. Which made the realization that the girl beside him, with her dark plaited braid swinging behind her, was none other than Katniss Everdeen that much harder to swallow. "Katniss works here?" Peeta said, trying to swallow the nervousness that trembled his voice. "Yeah, she's worked her the past few summers," Delly said with a casual shrug. She paused, her eyes widening in recognition as a grin lit up her round face. "You don't still like her, do you?" Peeta could feel his cheeks darken and he attempted to shield his embarrassment with a bark of laughter. "Oh course not," he said, running his hand through his hair. "You do!" she squealed. He sighed, hoping to drop the subject by turning to the concession stand that he had been assigned to. It was a small square shack situated behind a few rows of picnic tables with a service window that ran the entire length of the building. There was only a small microwave oven tucked beside a wall of fryers bubbling with tar like grease, and a soda fountain on the far wall, with its nozzles clogged by sugary syrup. Peeta filled a basin with soda water and began chipping away at the jammed soda heads to properly soak them. "Peeta Mellark!" Delly huffed, still at his heel. "I will not let you change the subject so easily!" "I don't know what you're talking about," he said, grunting when he pried away the last nozzle. "You've been in love with Katniss Everdeen since kindergarten! I can't believe I forgot about your crush on her." His eyes narrowed into slits at his friend. Yes, he had had a crush on Katniss in elementary school, one that had extended throughout most of junior high, but she had barely acknowledged his existence. Usually he'd had an easy time flirting with girls. He could make them smile and laugh, and he had no problem playing with their hair when they leaned into him, or kissing them when they brushed their lips against his, or sometimes more when that's what they were doing. With Katniss though, he always froze. To the point that he hadn't even thought of the possibility of being with her in years. Not on purpose anyway. Sometimes she'd creep up on him when he least expected it. Like right now, standing only 100 yards away from him. The same distance they'd be separated everyday for the rest of the summer. "Hey Katniss," he heard Delly shout, and Peeta panicked, quickly ducking behind the counter when he saw that she was approaching them. Delly hoisted herself onto the edge of the counter, the heel of her sneakers kicking against the concession stand. "You know Peeta, right?" "Sure." Katniss poked her head through the service window, looking at Peeta curiously where he was crouched on the floor. He smiled sheepishly and stood to his feet. "Hey," he said. "Can I get a corn dog?" was what she said next. "What?" She sighed impatiently. "A corn dog. Aren't you serving lunch yet? My break's only fifteen minutes and I'm starving." "Right," he said, a bit disoriented as he rushed to fire up the fryers. "Peeta's a really great cook," Delly said. "Well baker anyway. You know he decorates all the cakes at his parents bakery?" "Neat," Katniss said, her smile thin as she reached through the service window to fill a plastic cup with water. "Peeta, what are those rolls that you make? You should make those rolls here, I bet the customers would love them!" Peeta found a box of corn dogs in the freezer and dropped a few into a fryer basket. He glanced at Katniss who was staring down at her shoes as if the pattern of the stitching was a rendering of the Mona Lisa. "I don't know Delly," Peeta said carefully, taking note of Katniss's disinterest. "I think they only have nacho cheese here. And whatever kind of cheese is flash frozen to all those pizzas." He hooked his thumb towards the cooler with a grin, which quickly faded when he recognized that Katniss was still ignoring them. The corn dogs began to float at the top of the oil and Peeta drained them before handing one over to Katniss, who mumbled a thank you before hurrying back to the roller coaster she ran with Gale. "She's really nice," Delly decided after the exchange. "I think she likes you." Peeta rolled his eyes. He didn't know much, but one thing he was certain of was that Katniss Everdeen hated him. "I bet," he said, slightly deflated. Through the clearing in the trees that separated the concession stand from the rides, he could see that Katniss had adopted a new demeanor entirely in the presence of Gale. Engaged in conversation and at one point even smiling. A genuine one. The french fries he had been cooking began to smoke, bringing him back to attention. He wasn't looking for that type of thing, Peeta reminded himself. In a few months he'd be as good as gone. Away from this life anyway. A life that didn't include girls like Katniss Everdeen. The next afternoon he was ready for her, with a pan roasting beneath the line of heat lamps with everything off the menu. Her work polo was too big for her petite frame, the sleeves drooping halfway down her arms, and only the front of her hunter green shirt was tucked into her khaki shorts. She was reweaving her mused up hair into a braid as she approached him, but had missed a few strands that clung to her temples. "Corn dog?" He blinked a few times, caught off guard by her spell again. "Right. Sure." He fished one out by the end of its wooden stick and extending it to her. "You know," he said, lifting it out of her reach as she went to take it. "I was reading the box this morning and corn isn't even an ingredient." "Oh?" she said. She reached for it again and he moved it out of her grasp. "Well maybe the tenth ingredient. But that's awfully low on the list for having your name in the title." "It's made with real dog at least, right?" He grimaced, but his mouth quickly curled into a grin. "All beef, unfortunately." "It'll have to do," she said, and this time he handed her her lunch. Unlike the day before, she didn't leave immediately. Instead she leaned against the counter on the service window and took a bite from her corn dog. "Where's your friend?" she said between chews. Peeta lifted an eyebrow. "Delly?" Katniss shrugged. "She's over at the midway, stealing people's money." Most of those carnival games were impossible to win anyway, so she may as well be stealing. "She's nice ," Katniss said, but coming from her it didn't seem like a compliment. "She sure likes your buns." Peeta smiled shyly. Delly had only been trying to talk him up to impress her. "Hey, you're the one who's ended up with my wiener in her mouth two days in a row," he said, waving his finger towards her corn dog. He froze, his eyes widening. Had he just said that to Katniss Everdeen? He braced himself behind the counter for whatever wrath this would entail. "You said it was all beef, right?" He blinked rapidly. Was she flirting with him? He leaned his weight on his elbows to keep from falling over. His chuckle was nervous, but he hoped she didn't notice. "I'll let you check the package if you'd like." "I'm good, thanks," she said. Finishing off the last bite of her corn dog, she handed the stick back to him. Peeta held it, pinched between his fingers as he watched her cross the walkway. Finally, after a long moment he released the breath he hadn't known he'd been holding. Not going to happen, he reminded himself with a helpless groan. One Friday there was a party at Gale's. He was already in college, a local one on the far side of town, and he lived in a rented house with a couple of guys. Peeta had been invited, but was reluctant to attend. Katniss would be there after all, and whatever she was with Gale would become all too obvious when blended with an intimate setting and alcohol. Peeta had almost fooled himself into thinking that Katniss liked him. There wasn't any particular reason. She came to his stand everyday for lunch and they would make jokes for those fifteen minutes, but how much could fifteen minutes really mean? That was something Peeta didn't really want to know. He was trying to keep everything casual anyway. There was no reason to make anymore ties to a town he was already done with. He was relieved when his friend, Finnick, invited him out that same night, so Peeta could decline Gale's offer without being weighed by any guilt. Besides, Finnick went to school on the