Written for day 5 of promptsinpanem on tumblr for the seven deadly sins, this one is for lust. "The bathrooms will be coed, unless that's going to be a problem," Finnick, the RA announces during the first floor meeting. Katniss doesn't think much of it. The bathrooms may be labeled as "Mens" and "Womens" separately, but she saw into the men's room earlier and there weren't urinals or anything. And the showers are long and narrow with a space to change between the curtain and stall door if she wants to. Still, Madge blushes beside her and then winks as if it's a big deal, and Katniss wonders if this is something she should be worried about. They take a vote and no one raises their hands against it. "He's cute," Madge comments from her desk chair, watching as the boy across the hall hoists his comforter set onto the top bunk. Katniss sits on her bed and flips through a coursebook, only glancing up briefly before returning her attention to the books she'll need to buy for this semester. The boy's door is propped open with a toaster oven, Katniss notices, which they're not allowed to have in the dorms, but Madge has smuggled an illegal microwave in as well, one that Katniss plans to use regularly, so she's not in the position to judge. "It's an open door policy," Madge explains to him and extends a fork bent at a 45 degree angle to form a makeshift doorstop. Finnick had passed them out earlier, during the floor meeting, which the boy obviously didn't attend. "I'm Madge," she says. He turns around and wipes his hands on his gym shorts before taking her hand. "Peeta," he says, accepting the fork and wedging it in the carpet beneath the door. He's not very tall, not compared to Madge, who wears enormous heels, but he's got a strong build, with a square jaw and blonde curls, which flop across his forehead as he pulls open another cardboard box to unload. Madge is right. He's cute. Katniss tries not to stare as she studies him from a distance, but just then he looks across the hall and into her room, catching her in the act. "Hello," he says with a wave. "That's Katniss," Madge says. "We've been best friends since high school." He smiles and nods at Katniss then at Madge. "Neat," he says. "They've been doing room checks," Katniss says suddenly, not recognizing her own voice. She points at the toaster oven that now sits in the middle of the doorway, and Peeta makes a gesture in understanding before scooping it up and tucking it into the built in shelf behind the door. "Thanks," he says, and he flashes her a grin that's so warm she finds herself returning it instantly. "You like him," Madge teases her when they're on their way to the dining hall for dinner. "Who?" Katniss asks, nearly dumbfounded. "Peeta!" "What? No," she says, her tone adamant. "I think he likes you too," Madge continues, her voice taking on an almost sing song lilt. "The way you two were smiling all goofy at one another." She shakes her head. "It's going to happen." Katniss still doesn't understand. "What?" "You're going to hook up." Katniss doesn't even bother to humor her friend. She doesn't date or hook up or any of those types of things. She's got a GPA to maintain and a full scholarship to hold onto, she's not going to jeopardize her education with distractions. Still, that night when she bumps into Peeta in the bathroom, they brush their teeth in happy silence, and she can't help but mirror his smile. Her friend Gale is two years older and goes to Panem U too. He lives in an apartment off campus and on Saturday night he invites Katniss and Madge to a party he's throwing. He's also friends with Finnick, her RA, and soon half the floor is going. Katniss has only been to his apartment a few times in high school, and still isn't quite used to the party scene. She nurses a warm beer for about a half an hour, wedged uncomfortably on a futon beside Madge, who is busy flirting with one of Gale's roommates. Peeta approaches at some point and leans against the armrest, holding up his beer to read the label. "Miller High Life, the champagne of beers," he says before taking a swig. "This is some classy party." "Don't expect to be pampered every time," she says dryly and takes a sour sip. "Gale will be serving nothing but Milwaukee's Best for the rest of the year, and that's because he actually likes the stuff." "You know Gale?" Peeta asks, lifting his eyebrows curiously. Gale comes down the stairs just then and catches her attention by pointing towards the beer pong table where she'd dropped her keys earlier. They're next. "We went to high school together," she says quickly climbing off the futon and joining Gale at the table. She doesn't see Peeta for the rest of the night. Madge doesn't sleep in their dorm often. Early in the morning she'll slip into their room so she can shower and grab books, and at night, before bed, she'll watch TV with Katniss for a few hours before sneaking out. Katniss doesn't know where she's going, and she doesn't ask, but soon Gale is hanging around their room too. "Are you two seeing each other?" Katniss asks Madge one night when Gale's stepped out to use the bathroom. "Not really," Madge shrugs. "It's casual. Just hooking up." Katniss nods as if she understands. "That's okay, right? I mean you're not interested in him, I know you've been close for a long time." "No, no, it's fine," she says waving her hands frantically because the idea of her and Gale is so ridiculous. "We're just friends, it's fine." "Good," Madge says, and her smile of relief quickly turns into a playful grin. "Because that's what I told Peeta." Katniss's eyes widen and she barely has time to react before Madge has darted out of the room and she's left staring across the hall into Peeta's room, where she catches his eye then quickly looks away. On Halloween, res life goes door to door handing out safe sex goody bags filled with pamphlets, a handful of candy, and a couple of condoms. Katniss reaches into the bag to fish out a root beer barrel but instead comes up with a foil package. She turns it over to inspect it carefully just as Peeta passes. His eyes immediately land on the condom in her hand and he looks at her curiously. "Trick or treat?" is the first thing she thinks to say. "Can I have both?" he asks, leaning against his door frame. She can feel heat flood her cheeks, but it also settles in her chest and stomach, pulsing with something new and exciting. She tucks the condom in a jar beside her bed in case she needs it. She thinks about him at night. She thinks about how Madge spends every night warm and pressed against a solid chest. Sometimes she thinks she wants that too. She practices sleeping on the edge of the mattress, leaving the sliver of space she thinks Peeta would fit into. She practices the different positions. If he were spooning her, if she were spooning him, maybe if she draped herself across his chest. It's all so embarrassing that she refuses to admit she's even thinking it. She drinks too much at a party. It's not blackout drunk or anything, but she finds herself acting a bit more outgoing. She learns a card game from Glimmer and Clove, two girls she's barely acknowledged all year, then plays beer pong with Thresh even though she usually only partners with Gale, she even helps Cato pierce his beer with her pocket knife when he starts barking about needing to shotgun. She has a lot of fun. More fun than she'd usually allow herself to have. It's when she runs into Peeta that it becomes a problem. He's been drinking too, she beat him in three games of beer pong alone, and she knows that him and Thresh pregamed before the party. His blue eyes are glassy and unfocused and while most of his weight is supported against the concrete wall, he leans into her as well for balance. His hair is disheveled and she wants to comb her fingers through it, she thinks, just as her hand lifts and her fingers tangle into his curls. He leans in closer and the heat of his body swallows her completely, more intoxicating than any of the liquor she's consumed. "Are you having a good time?" he slurs. His hand touches her hip then quickly drops away, leaving the exposed sliver of skin beneath the hem of her shirt on fire. "Yeah," she says with a slight nod and her fingers leave his hair and trail down his cheek, catching the light stubble on his jaw. "Yeah." He mimics her nod and then he laughs and she thinks he may kiss her. They sway in this moment for a while longer, his touch brushing higher up her side, lingering just beneath her ribcage. She swallows a large breath and forgets how to breathe. Then she hiccups. Loudly. She jumps back to cover her mouth with her hand and hiccups again. Peeta blinks rapidly, his concern quickly fading into amusement. "I think you've had enough," he says. She scowls at him, but her intimidating demeanor is interrupted by another hiccup. "Want me to take you home?" They watch an episode of The Office, her from bed and him from a desk chair, while she yelps periodically. During a commercial he stands abruptly and kisses her without warning. She gasps, her heart beating impossibly fast in an instant. "Did I scare you?" he says, his face still only an inch away. She takes a few successful breaths without disruption. He frowns and an expression that she can't quite decipher burdens his features. "Goodnight Katniss." She doesn't want him to go though. She catches his arm before he can leave and clings to him desperately. "Stay with me," she says. "You lust for him," Madge teases her the next morning. Katniss's head is pounding and she can't seem to smother herself with her pillow no matter how hard she tries. "I don't," she argues weakly. "Then why did I find him in your bed this morning?" Katniss pulls her comforter over her head to hide the fierce blush staining her cheeks. Lust for him, the thought bounces around her mind. She likes him, yes, but she doesn't lust for him. She's not boy crazy like Madge or flippant like Glimmer. They have sex because they enjoy it, not because they need to have it. Katniss doesn't have sex because she doesn't need to. At least she didn't think she did. Now, she finds a dull ache between her legs at odd hours of the day. She clenches her thighs together tightly waiting for a reprieve that never comes. Sometimes, in her bed, she wedges herself between the wall and her mattress where she slept when they shared a bed, and she thinks about what it would have been like if he had touched her. She remembers the feel of his fingers as they ghosted beneath her ribcage, the firmness of his lips when he had kissed her. She imagines him kissing her again, the taste of his tongue touching hers, his fingers tangling in her braid. She wonders what his hands would have felt like cupping her breast or flicking over her nipple. She lets her hands wander there with tentative touches. Her breath quickens and her eyes screw shut, then her fingers slip into her underwear with his name on her tongue. "Did I do something wrong?" Peeta says, catching her off guard at