A/N: This is my day 3 submission for Prompts in Panem ( promptsinpanem tumblr ), which was for a war era. This one takes place during the Gulf War in the early 1990's. Sorry my war knowledge isn't the best, and I didn't have the time to properly research, so I kept things reasonably vague. Hope you like it! When There are Clouds in the Sky They live in a small town on the western border of Pennsylvania. The kind of town that used to thrive on a coal industry and hasn't found new means, even after the hills have been mined clean. Not many notable people come from their town, and while many have enlisted, not many soldiers have seen action, let alone come home heroes. So when Peeta Mellark returns from the Middle East, after surviving a roadside bomb that killed half of his troop, it's a pretty big deal. They plan a huge celebration, decorating the town square in red, white, and blue. And a giant banner is strung across Main Street welcoming him home. Katniss knew of Peeta Mellark before he joined the army. They were classmates together, and living in a small town meant you knew your classmates because you shared all the basic subjects. Peeta had always been stocky and strong, a champion wrestler, and a model soldier. But he was also a gentle artist. He wrote poetry that made people weep and painted beautiful pictures worthy of the most prestigious museums. To Katniss Everdeen, Peeta Mellark was the perfect specimen. She had never told him this or humored the idea aloud. There was no need, really. Peeta had always had plenty of friends to pay him that kind of attention, and while Katniss admired him, she didn't know much about the boy outside of her general observations. Still, when he returns home on an overcast Saturday in the middle of September, Katniss is there, with the rest of the town, to welcome him. The Mellarks' minivan pulls up and his parents file out, followed by his brothers, and there's a hush amongst the crowd anticipating for Peeta to emerge, but he never does. Instead one of his brothers opens the gate on the back of the van, to retrieve a folded chair that Katniss quickly realizes is a wheel chair. His other brother and father help Peeta from the backseat, and he hobbles to the waiting chair on one leg. The other leg, Katniss sees, has been severed just above the knee. The people around her begin to murmur things in hushed whispers, calling it a shame that such a good looking kid came home so crippled. Katniss pays no attention to them though, and only watches Peeta as he sits with his hands folded in his lap and his jaw firmly clenched, while his parents wheel him across the street. People approach him and force pleasant chatter, and Peeta, being Peeta humors them, with forced grins that never reach his eyes. Katniss studies him all the while from the outskirts of the crowd. He's wearing his green service uniform, the same one he wore at church the Sunday before he was deployed, with the patches on the chest and sleeves that she doesn't understand. A few scars peak from his shirt collar, licking up his neck like flames. A reminder of the fire that marked him there, she supposes. There are a few medals pinned to his breast pocket now that he didn't wear before, and she wonders if that was his reward for giving his country his leg. She never approaches him that night. He's got plenty of friends to catch up with and she doesn't want to get in the way. As she leaves though, she catches his eye and waves. He smiles at her and nods, and she finds herself smiling back. A smile that lingers as she walks home, thinking how happy she is that Peeta is home safe. She doesn't see Peeta much after his homecoming party. Nobody does really. He keeps to his house and only seems to go out when he has therapy at the VA hospital. That's where she runs into him. Her mother is a nurse there, and her sister has started to volunteer as a candy stripper after school. Katniss picks her up on Tuesdays and Thursday because her mother works the night shift, which happen to be the same days Peeta has physical therapy, she learns as they chat idly in the parking lot. He almost exclusively uses his crutches now and it shows. His shoulders are broader than they had been before, and when he grips handle of his crutch, every muscle in his arm ripples from his wrist to the sleeve of his gray, Army tee shirt. He clears his throat because she's missed whatever question he's posed, and it's obvious that she's been staring, and she feels herself flush with embarrassment. He grins at her though, a wide and earnest smile that she hasn't seen since he left for Kuwait. "Sorry, that was rude of me," she says, flustered. "It's a pleasure to be objectified by you," he says. "I'm used to people only checking out my leg these days." He purses his lips then, and bows his head. "Or what's left of it at least." Afterward, he pauses outside the hospital entrance, balances himself on one crutch and makes a muscle with the arm that's free. She laughs and he winks at her over his shoulder. Prim goes out with her friends one Thursday after work, and fails to tell Katniss about it. She sits outside the hospital for a good twenty minutes before going inside to look for her. Her mother relays the message, and she's just about to leave when she sees Peeta sitting in the waiting room. He's with his parents, looking over a catalog, and she doesn't want to bother him by saying hello, so she continues on towards the elevator. "Hey, Katniss!" he calls after her. She turns to acknowledge him quickly, but he's waving her over with a large, swooping gesture of his arm that draws the attention of the entire waiting room. "Come here," he says. She does, and nods politely to Mr. and Mrs. Mellark, who both smile back fondly. "You have an eye for beauty that I can respect," he says, and she blushes in response. He holds out the opened catalog to her. "Which leg do you like best?" Her eyes fall to the page, but she doesn't really look at it before she says: "They all look nice." "Oh come on," he says. "This is important." She doesn't want to say the wrong thing, and sort of stumbles around a few responses, her gaze never leaving the pages. "What if I pick out one that clashes with all of my outfits?" he teases her. "Or even worse, makes me look fat?" "I wouldn't worry about that," she says, and her eyes flit to meet his, and they're bright and playful and blue. So, so blue. She points at a leg that looks more robotic than plastic and he nods approvingly. "Good idea," he says. "In case of the robot revolution. I can trick them into thinking I'm one of them." She hadn't thought of it that way, but she nods and smiles in agreement. Anything to keep him smiling at her in that way. The way that makes her cheeks flush and her chest fill with warmth. It's two weeks later when she hears a loud, uneven tread outside her front door. Peeta wobbles in on two legs and a cane like a deer that's taking its first steps. She catches him when he stumbles, his body is heavy, and she begins to fall too, but Peeta is sturdy – all muscle – and he steadies them both before righting himself. "I came to show off the new hardware," he says, only the slightest edge of frustration to his voice. "Guess I don't quite have my sea legs yet." "There's your problem. Ordering sea legs for land," she says, but quickly regrets it because she's not sure if she's allowed to joke with him in that way. He laughs though, and she feels relieved. "I like you Katniss," he says. "I like you too," she says. He sits on the sofa, while she makes hot chocolate and Nutella sandwiches, and she watches him from the kitchen as she works. His sweater covers all of his burns, save for the flicker of scars up his neck, and his pant leg falls around his prosthetic as if it were a normal limb, even allowing him to wear both shoes – although the right sneaker is significantly more worn than the left. He doesn't look at all like a cripple, she thinks. It reminds her of the day of his celebration, when all those people had pitied him for being ruined. She wonders what they'd say of the man sitting in her living room now. They watch a bad movie on cable and eat their sandwiches in silence. Peeta dips his in his hot chocolate, and she curiously tries it too. "Let me take you out," he says abruptly, and she realizes that he's been watching her with an amused smile. "Okay," she says. She borrows a dress from her mother, and her mother even helps braid her hair into the elaborate twist that she loves so much. Peeta arrives early, and comes all the way to her doorstep, even though he's still not used to his cane and the walkway to her house is fairly steep. She's not sure if she's supposed to offer to drive, but he opens the passenger door for her before she can ask, and she slips in wordlessly. "It's a good thing the bomb took my left leg," he says as he backs out of the driveway. "Or else I'd drive with a lead foot. Literally." He takes her to the diner in the middle of town. It's a popular destination for the high school crowd, and since not many people leave town after high school, it's still frequented by a lot of people their age too. They order burgers and share a milk shake, and all through the night friends from school stop at their table to catch up and say hello, as if Peeta hasn't just returned from home war with a missing leg. And all the while she thinks about how lovely and normal it all is, and how nice it probably is for him. He doesn't talk about his time in the service and she doesn't ask. She figures if it's something he wants to talk about, then he will. But sometimes she notices things. When he falls asleep on her couch one Saturday afternoon, while they had been watching a movie, the hem of his tee shirt rises up his torso just enough to pique her curiosity. His scars aren't long thin slits, like the one she has on the back of her arm, from breaking it as a child. They're dense patches, as if he'd been quilted back together in places. Shiny, taught skin, joined together by rough, ridged seams. He stirs in his sleep and his entire body tenses. She's afraid that he's woken, and that he's angry with her for touching him. But his eyes never open, and he starts to thrash around in terror. Her first instinct is to run, and she distances herself across the room to observe him. But he needs her, she can tell. She gathers him into her arms, and he struggles against her, but she holds him tighter, running her fingers gently through his hair, and whispering nonsense of everything being all right into his ear. His eyes spring open, filled with tears, and he just stares at her like she's a stranger. "Katniss?" he says. His blue eyes still a bit wild as they focus on her. "You