Written for promptsinpanem on tumblr. "You don't want to marry me, do you?" It was a question she couldn't answer. She and Gale had been together for years. It was the natural progression in the scheme of things. And perhaps, she had grown too comfortable in their routine to recognize that she wasn't alone in the unhappiness she felt. It had always been her decision, it seemed. To be together. To stay together. The questions always lingered on her shoulders, waiting for her approval. She stopped thinking he had an opinion on anything at all. Until now. Katniss twisted the loose ring around her finger. The gold was slightly tarnished - a family heirloom, but the small diamond never failed to shimmer. "I do," she said, but it came out too forceful, in the type of tone that made it sound like she was trying to convince herself. "I don't think I can," he said. Already, Katniss could feel her world shattering around her. It wasn't sadness that she felt, which was probably an awful thing to think. The signs had already been there. An ominous scar that had stretched like branches into a web they could no longer avoid. This was inevitable, she realized, but it wasn't convenient. She hadn't exactly followed Gale across the country, but he was a factor. When high school had ended, she needed to get away - far away. Gale had settled in nicely at Arizona State, and had insisted that she would too, so that's where she went. They were completely platonic those years that they were in school together. It wasn't until he graduated from state that the idea of them as a couple ever came up. It seemed like the natural progression. They were best friends since childhood. He was her most trusted confidant. These types of relationships always turned into something more. She knew that she was supposed to feel more for him. But she didn't. She slipped the diamond ring from her finger and set it on the table. Katniss lifted the lid of her suitcase and let it drop with a silent thud. The shirts that were once neatly folded and tucked away were now wrinkled and worn, some discarded in a growing pile beside her bed. She'd have to do laundry soon, but then what? Would she fill the empty dresser drawers that hadn't seen a new addition since her senior year of high school? Or would she pack them back into her suitcase, as if her current situation weren't threatening with permanence? Tying her bed tousled hair into a bun on top of her head, she pushed away these thoughts for another day. The coffee pot in the kitchen was cold with yesterday's stale brew, but she still filled a mug, nuking it in the microwave before dousing the taste with milk and a heaping spoonful of sugar. Her mother worked nights at the hospital, and the heavy curtains on the windows in her apartment were always drawn in a never ending night. Katniss passed her mother's discarded keys and purse on the counter and leaned over the sink to draw back the window shade, letting in a blinding stream of late morning light. She flinched and welcomed back the darkness. On the fridge there was a new note on the door, tacked by a Arizona shaped magnet with a coyote in the corner. /Call Haymitch about job/ it said in her mother's loopy script above a phone number on the back of a takeout slip. Katniss rolled her eyes and crumpled up the sheet. She didn't need a job - not here anyway. Moving back home was meant to be temporary. Enough time for her to get back on her feet and then she'd be gone again. Her eyes drifted back to the magnet. Arizona was out of the question, but staying here was too. Not many people saw themselves moving back in with their parent at 26. She'd had her life worked out. A job, a house, a fiance. Everything she was supposed to do to become a responsible adult. But after she and Gale had ended things, she realized how fragile the life she had built actually was. Living on her own was expensive, and the job she had already disliked became insufferable once she had to depend solely on its income. Getting laid off was almost a blessing, until she realized there wasn't another opportunity waiting in the wings. With her credit cards maxed out she had to do the one thing she hated most. Ask for help. With a contrite sigh, she flattened the wrinkles from the sheet and picked up the phone. Haymitch Abernathy managed a liquor store in a shopping center next to the Giant Eagle. Most of the shops were vacant on this strip except for a card shop, a Papa John's, and Mellark's bakery. Katniss eyed the bakeshop wearily as she crossed the parking lot, grateful that the days when the youngest Mellark would be working the weekend shift were long behind her. Someone was painting tulips on the display window beneath bright letters announcing the month's special. It was late March and the last remnants of winter still clung to the corners of the lot in dirty clumps of ice. The air held a bitter bite - too cold to be without a jacket, yet the kid only worked in a thin, loose fitting tee shirt. He painted cartoon flowers with such intensity that she almost found it endearing. There was something familiar about the slant of his shoulders and his light cropped hair. Probably a Mellark cousin. They all seemed to look alike. It wasn't until she'd reached the sidewalk that she realized it was Peeta standing before her. He began to turn at the sound of her boots and she panicked, rushing towards the liquor store door. It gave easily with a loud chiming of bells, and she was safely inside within a single short breath. She had known Peeta since elementary school, but during their school days they had only exchanged a handful of words at most. Because of the district lines, he'd gone to a different middle school than her - the rich one, and by the time the two middle schools merged back into a single high school, they had already settled into their own separate groups of friends. Still, there was something about the way she had caught him staring at her a few times in class that made her think that something might happen between them. And something had - sort of, at a party at Madge's house the end of senior year. She couldn't recall all the details, only that she had somehow been roped into a game of spin the bottle, and that her first spin had landed on him. To this day, heat still rose to her cheeks every time she thought about it. It had been her first kiss. "What's up with you?" Katniss startled when she realized she wasn't alone. Haymitch Abernathy was sitting behind the checkout with his feet propped on the counter, and his unkempt black hair knotted in a ponytail at the base of his neck. "I'm here about the job - Katniss Everdeen? We spoke on the phone." He stared at her bleary eyed for a long moment. "Right. Lynn's kid," he finally said. "Right," she nodded shortly, and shifted the strap of her purse awkwardly on her shoulder. "It's only temporary though. Nothing permanent." "You're stocking shelves, sweetheart, not curing cancer," he said with a chuckle that followed made her narrow her eyes to slits. "It won't be the end of the world if I need to replace you. It's only a favor anyway, this arrangement." "Really? When you get your stomach pumped at the hospital so often, is the fifth one free?" Haymitch was the town drunk - everyone knew it. He'd been in a car accident in high school that had killed his girlfriend at the time. It was never proven that he was drunk behind the wheel, but everyone assumed. Instead of cleaning his life up after that, he seemed content in drowning in his misery. Katniss's mother had an infinite supply of crazy ER stories with Haymitch as the star. "Watch yourself, sweetheart," he said coldly. "We've got a new shipment in back. Get to stocking." "Is White Zinfandel classy enough for a house warming present?" Madge asked, picking a pink bottle off the shelf to examine the label. "Because I'm not sure if this is one of those courtesy, 'bring us wine so we have something to serve at Thanksgiving' or a 'bring us wine because we will not be providing any other booze tonight and it's every man for themselves' types of things, because this is the only stuff I think I'd drink." "Then get that," Katniss said. "It's only six dollars." "So?" Madge brought the bottle to the register and set it down for Katniss to scan. "Maybe I'll bring a dessert too then," she said with a contemplative sigh. "Are you going?" "Going to what?" Katniss said. The register beeped when she flashed the bar code with her scanner. "Delly's housewarming party," she said. "Her and Thom bought a house, put 20% down and everything. Isn't that crazy?" A homeowner at 26 wasn't unheard of, but houses in that neighborhood ran $500k. "Wow," Katniss said, trying not to sound too impressed. "You should come," Madge said. "I'm sure Delly won't mind, you can be my plus one." Katniss pulled a thin paper bag from beneath the register and slipped the bottle inside. "Rick doesn't want to go?" "He's insistent on baby sitting for the night and letting me have a girl's night out, ie he wants to play whatever game just came out on XBOX live with his friends, while the baby watches with an unplugged controller in his lap." Katniss kept on forgetting that Madge had a kid. Her husband was several years older than her, so it made sense to grow up a little faster, but still, Katniss could barely take care of herself, let alone a child. "I don't think I should," Katniss said, handing Madge her purchase. "I barely even knew her. It'll be weird." "Oh come on, this is Delly Cartwright! In her rose hued memories of high school, you guys were best friends." Katniss kept her eyes on the register buttons. She wondered if Peeta would be there. He probably would. She hadn't seen him since her first day on the job, but the mural on the storefront window was growing more elaborate by the day, meaning he was still in town. "I could chip in for a dessert," Katniss finally said after a heavy sigh. "Are you going to Mellark's for it?" Madge's eyes lit up. "I didn't even think of that. I was just going to get a cookie platter from Giant Eagle. That's a much better idea." She grimaced. "Although pointless, since Peeta probably already cleaned the racks of the good stuff so everyone will love him most. You know him," she said and rolled her eyes. Katniss felt her cheeks tinge pink. Was she really getting embarrassed over a high school crush? She cleared her throat and threw in a casual, "Yeah." She felt the question bubbling in the back of her throat, the anxiety causing her heel to bounce against the rung of her chair. "He still lives here?" she asked when she couldn't take it anymore. "Kind of, I guess. He's been back for a few months," she leaned over the counter to lower her voice even though they were the only two in the shop. "Messy divorce." She felt her heart stop. Peeta was married? "Should I bring a veggie tray instead," Madge began to muse, oblivious to Katniss's current dilemma. "I'm not ever sure if it's a food thing. Maybe I'm supposed to get her a useless