A/N: This is my submission for day 2 promptsinpanem (on tumblr, if you haven't checked it out yet). Many of you may already know, but I was pretty big into the Dawson's Creek fandom back in the mid-2000's. So when one of the prompts was a crossover fic, I was ALL over that shit. I've always seen Peeta as a Pacey, and Katniss can be just as frustrating, yet relateable as Joey Potter, so naturally everyone sort of fell into place (albeit, Katniss doesn't talk NEARLY as much as the DC characters, so I had to do some work on that one. Anyway, you don't have to much about the show to follow (I hope) and I hope you enjoy! I Don't Want to Wait Katniss Everdeen was a girl that had always been in Peeta Mellark's orbit. They weren't technically friends, more like mutual acquaintances, through their friend Gale Hawthorne, but they were aware of one another's presence none the less. Katniss wasn't the easiest personality to get along with. For many years she had been dubbed as the girl "from the wrong side of the creek" and this judgment had caused her personality to harden as a result. She resided in a rundown shack with her cousin Johanna Mason, young sister Primrose, and Johanna's live in boyfriend Thresh Bodie on the far edge of Capeside. The nicer neighborhood developments dare not touch this part of town, due to the unmanageable weeds that overgrew the lots and the swampy earth that seemed to be one good rainstorm away from collapsing into the creek. It wasn't just the state of her home that lent to Katniss' reputation. The Everdeen family had been the talk of the town for years. Her father had passed away from cancer when she was a young girl, and her mother hadn't taken it well. She quickly got mixed up with drugs and alcohol in her grief, a somewhat manageable depression, until she was caught conspiring to traffic marijuana in excess of 10,000 pounds with her skeez of a boyfriend. This had stamped Mrs. Everdeen a one way ticket to the Pentonville Correctional Facility, and left Katniss with the burden of being a convict's daughter, an insurmountable deterrent for those in high school. It had been Peeta's father, the town sheriff, who'd been tasked the responsibility of arresting Katniss's mother. An increasingly complex situation, as they had once been lovers in high school. And more importantly, a proven hindrance on the acquaintenceship (as Peeta had chosen to define it) that he and Katniss shared. Puberty, as well, had played a decidingly important role in the adversary turn in their relationship. Katniss was a tomboy. She climbed trees, broke her arm riding a skateboard into the creek, and would shoot any rabbit square in the eye with her slingshot, no matter how cute or cuddly the rodent looked. Anything boys could do, she could do better. But as they grew older, her differences became apparent, and she grew resentful for it. Peeta and Gale, however, had embraced her changes fully. At least Peeta had. Gale seemed just as oblivious as her sometimes when it came to the way the material of her sweater gradually stretched tighter across her chest. But Peeta noticed, and it made his mouth go dry just thinking about it. How Gale managed to share a bed with her every Saturday night without quite literally bursting at the seams was beyond Peeta's comprehension. To put matters simply. Peeta had come to the understanding that he was attracted to Katniss Everdeen. But Katniss wasn't interested in boys in that way, and even if she were, she certainly wouldn't be interested in him. Peeta noticed the way she blushed when Gale spoke to her, or how she would pounce on the opportunity to spend weekends alone with him in the woods under the guise of "hunting." Gale and Katniss were an obvious inevitability to everyone in Capeside except to Gale and Katniss. A fact that Peeta silently brooded over for what seemed like years. To deal with his typical teenage angst, Peeta used his words to facade the clench he felt in his stomach every time he saw Katniss beam at Gale. He would tease her about anything and everything. Some topics seemed to affect her more so than others, like sex, and sex, and well... sex, a subject matter that proved to be troublesome for him as well as their verbal sparring ignited a tension he had not foreseen. Katniss was not overly verbose, but when she spoke, she held an acerbic and cutting wit that was unparalleled. And these cleverly worded diatribes were almost exclusively directed towards Peeta Mellark, to the extent that he fooled himself into thinking that through their banter, she too held a fondness for him. That was until Madge Undersee moved back to Capeside to tend to her ailing aunt. An aunt who happened to live directly adjacent to the Hawthorne home. Madge was a classic beauty, with soft delicate features, and beautiful green eyes. Everything about her screamed "girl" in a way that was almost cliché. She wore pretty sundresses, never left the house without makeup, and curled her golden, yellow hair, which bounced about her shoulders when she used her perfected pageant strut. All the boys noticed Madge Undersee, including Gale Hawthorne, who had never outwardly expressed his appreciation for the opposite sex in the past, much to Katniss's chagrin. Although she would never admit to it. Gale was awkward around girls. He was a good looking guy, tall and lean, the kind of guy that girls immediately noticed. But to Gale, girls were a complete mystery. He only ever saw two colors, black and white, and the concept of subtext was like sign language to a blind person. He just didn't see it. That's why he and Katniss got along so well, because Katniss was brutally honest. There was no misinterpreting her opinions on a matter, except when it came to love and relationships, a concept she seemed so utterly terrified by, that she avoided the subject entirely. When Madge returned to Capeside, after an eight year absence. She immediately drew the attention of Gale Hawthorne. And he quickly took to her as well. With all of this in mind, Peeta Mellark shouldn't have been surprised when Katniss Everdeen appeared at his door. Her hair mostly unwoven from her braid and tucked securely behind her ear. She held up a brown paper bag, which she pressed into his hands before pushing past him and into his living room. "For the human garbage disposal,"she said. Peeta opened the bag to peer inside. They looked like french fries. Smelled like them too. Something was off though. "What's wrong with them? Did you mix the salt with the rat poison again?" "No," she said, from where she had settled on the sofa. "A customer sent them back, said they were too cold." Katniss worked at the Ice House. A sea food shack down by the marina. It was owned by her cousin Johanna, and where Katniss had been indentured to servitude as a serving wench for as long as Peeta could remember. "Too cold?" he mused. "Ah, the Everdeen special," he said with a wry grin. "I was thinking the Peeta Mellark: Takes what he can get," she said coolly. He flinched at her remark, but let the insult pass. Closing the front door behind him, he moved to sit beside her on the couch. "At least I've had some," he said, before popping a cold french fry into his mouth. She flashed her patented scowl, clearly unamused, but her sullenness didn't last for long, and her face softened. "So what are you up to tonight?" she said. "If this is your way of asking me out, then your courting techniques leave must to be desired." "That's not what I meant," she said. She tucked her loose hair behind her ear and bit her lower lip as if purposely stalling. "You have a car, right?" "I have access to a car, yes," he said carefully. He bit into another french fry and held out the bag for her. She smiled at him sweetly. A half smirk that only lifted one corner of her lips. "Do you think you can access it tonight?" "I'm sorry," he coughed loudly, thumping his fist against his chest to make a scene of it. "I seem to be choking on this string attached to my french fry." "Peeta." Tossing the paper sack aside, he brushed the remnants of grease and salt onto his jeans. "Okay," he said. "I'll bite. Why do you need a car?" "There's this classic film playing on the other side of Welfleet," she said. "Classic film, huh? That's quite the trip for a girl that has the cultural palette of a stubborn toddler." Welfleet wasn't that far, but when most people in the town lived a stone's throw from where they were born and where they would most likely die, the twenty mile drive was a bit of a trip. "I was invited by Gale and Madge," she said. Offhandedly. As if it weren't obvious that she were intruding. "It would be rude of me not to attend." "And with what reluctant, albeit polite tone did they use to satisfy your imposition?" "I did not impose," she argued. "What are you doing?" Peeta moved back to the front door to latch the dead bolt. "Consider it a preemptive strike." "Locked door? Clever," she rolled her eyes. "Maybe I'll just steal your keys." "Please, ride the clutch to kingdom come and back," Peeta said. His rundown jeep, the kind with the faux wood paneling that they stopped producing in the early 90's, was many years past its prime. It started out the family car, the car he was driven home in from the hospital. When his eldest brother turned sixteen the car went to him, and then to his other brother, and finally, 200,000 miles later, it went to Peeta. "Your inexperience on a manual transmission may actually rid me of that rust bucket hand me down. You're not getting any farther than Chestnut Street though." He lived on Chestnut Street. "Fine," she said, crossing her arms over her chest and slouching back against the couch. "I thought you were a better friend." "I did too. That's why I decided to save you from humiliation." "Not to me," she grunted. "To Gale." Peeta placed his hands on his hips and scuffed his sock covered foot against the rug. "That's what you think you're doing?" he said. "Being a good friend? Katniss," he paused to take a deep breath before brazenly speaking the words: "You're jealous." "I'm not jealous," she said, eyes narrowed to slits. "You like Gale," he said. "I get it. We all get it." Katniss's scowl softened and she drew her knees to her chest, resting her chin against them. "It's not like I want to be the one kissing him, or holding his hand," she said, her eyes drawn to the floor as she spoke. "I just don't want her d oing it." Approaching her cautiously, Peeta sat beside her. "It's understandable. You're worried about losing your place," he said gently. "But someday you'll find someone too and you'll get it. That you can care about people in different ways. Love them even." "Do you think they're sleeping together?" she said abruptly. "Ostensibly? Yes," he said. "I don't get it." "Were you absent that day of science class?" he teased with a grin. "The anatomy is fairly simple and straight forward." She rolled her eyes. "I know what sex is," she said. "I just don't see the appeal." "Spoken like a true virgin," he said. "Gale used to be the only other person I knew, who hadn't been abducted by these so called hormones." "He was just better at hiding it," said Peeta. "Believe me, he's as rowdy and