This was inspired by a drabble request asking for Peeta and Katniss trapped indoors during Catching Fire, and also a fic idea imloveleee had for everlark getting snowed in (and I STOLE IT) and also the Crosby, Stills & Nash song "Judie Blue Eyes" for which it is named. The long days of bed rest are beginning to take their toll. My recovery from the fall I took jumping over the live fence has been agonizingly long. My mother had promised I'd only be out for a week, but after a second inspection, extended the diagnosis because my healing hadn't made as much progress as she had anticipated. If only we had Capitol doctors here in twelve, like the ones who fixed my ear after the first Games. A few fancy machines and I'd be as good as new. Instead I'm restless. Confined only to my bedroom and occasionally the kitchen or the living room downstairs. I stare out the window, where the most recently fallen snow has begun to melt, leaving a glassy sheen over the icy surface. I long to go outside. I pull the window open and place my hands on the sill, and greedily inhale the crisp, dry air. I lean forward until half of my body is hanging out the window, my one good foot barely anchoring me to the ground using only my toes. "You making a jail break?" My eyes follow the source of the voice and I spot Peeta on the bottom step of the porch, which leads to my front door. "That depends," I say. "Are you going to catch me?" He shakes his head, and his breath clouds around his face when he laughs. "No way," he says. "Let's try to keep at least one good leg between the two of us." I smile. With his prosthetic leg and my sprained heel, we make quite the pair. I hear the creak of the door when it opens and closes, then follow the sound of his heavy tread as he climbs each step. Even clad only in wool socks, I could hear Peeta coming from a mile away. Or maybe it's because I'm so stir crazy. I've memorized every squeak and moan this house can make, and while others may find them to be a mild annoyance, to me they've become like nails on a chalkboard. "How are you feeling today?" Peeta says. I'm still leaning against the window sill and I attempt to stand, flinching when let the lightest amount of weight shift onto my bad heel. "Wonderful," I say tightly. He helps me back to my bed, making a show of fluffing my pillows and propping up my leg. "I brought you some books," he says, and I notice the stack he dropped on my dresser when he entered my room. I look over the titles. "I already have these," I say. The libraries in each house must have identical sets of books. "Have you read them though?" "No," I admit with a shy smile. I set them on the bed beside me. "What are you doing today?" Peeta usually sketches while the light's good, but he doesn't seem to have his supplies today. "The solstice is tomorrow," he says. It's the shortest day of the year, and the promise that more sunlight is to come, even though we're still in the coldest days of winter. Most families celebrate with a large feast - or as large a feast you can make when you have no food. "I thought I'd make a few extra loaves and rolls to pass around town. The trains aren't bringing much food these days, yet my pantry always seems to be full." "Mine too," I say. I'd been divvying canned goods and other things around the Seam as best I could up until my injury, and even if Gale had time to visit, he wouldn't accept anything with a Capitol logo on the label. I can't help but feel responsible for the people of District Twelve's suffering. Snow is trying to punish me, and he wants to break the spirits of every person I unintentionally inspired. "Maybe I could help," I say. It's not enough. It'll never be enough, but at least it's something. He looks at my foot warily. "Okay, yeah," he says after a moment of hesitation. Although our kitchens are laid out the same way, my mother has organized the pans and utensils in different cabinets than Peeta. It takes him several tries through each drawer to find all the supplies he needs, and even when he does, he doesn't seem pleased with what he has to work with. I'm little help. All I can really do is sit on the stool that lines the kitchen island and watch. "I need to run back to my house," he says. "You don't have enough yeast, and I already have a few loaves resting that could go into the oven soon." "I'll come with you," I say, and if my eagerness weren't apparent enough, I nearly fall off my seat in the process. "No, stay here," he says. He's already by the front door before I can protest, pulling on his boots, which he left beside the mat. "It'll only be a minute." The only thing I'm good at these days is hobbling, and I hop after him using the counter tops that line the walls to propel myself more quickly. "Please? I could use the change in scenery." I must look as pathetic as I feel because Peeta folds rather quickly. He picks my jacket up off its hook and tosses it to me, then begins to scoop me into his arms. "You can't carry me either," I insist. I slip my boot onto my good foot, but my injured heel is wrapped in a heavy bandage to keep it from moving around too much. The only thing that fits over it is one of my mother's slippers, and as ridiculous as it looks, I pull that on too. My stubborness is pointless. As soon as we get outside, I cling so tightly to his shoulder that he may as well be carrying me and my feet barely dust the snow with each step. His house feels different than mine, although it's nearly identical. There's something cold about it. Most of the Capitol furnishings have been left untouched, as if no one lives her at all. I wrack my brain trying to remember if I've ever been inside Peeta's home before, or if anyone has for that matter. I haven't seen the baker or his wife, or any of Peeta's brothers make their way into Victor's Village. The only time he seems to spend with his family is in town, and that's a growingly rare occasion. He helps me to a chair in the kitchen and begins to gather the supplies he needs. The large bowl is over flowing by the time he's finished, and there are still a few loose items spread across the counter. "Let's bake here," I suggest. It really is pointless going all the way back to my house, especially since Peeta is more comfortable in his own kitchen, and will be doing the brunt of the work anyway. "You sure?" My mother and Prim have been spending their days in the Seam treating the sick. They used to use our home as a hospital of sorts, but since Thread came to town, the Everdeen's is the last place in all of District Twelve that anyone wants to be. I'm getting awfully sick of the place myself. "Yes," I say. "It was getting too stuffy over there." He fires up the ovens, then throws together some ingredients so effortlessly, he only needs to use the palm of his hand to measure. He brings the wet mixture and a canister of flour to the table and sets them in front of me. "You know how to knead?" he asks. "Yes," I say, and begin my task. "Let me know if you get too tired," he tells me. We work in silence, preparing batch after batch, letting the dough rest and then pinching it again. My forearms begin to burn, but I don't say anything. I'm afraid that if I do, Peeta will make me go home, or take a nap and rest. I'm tired of being babied, and this task, as monotonous as it is, feels normal for once. It's worth the effort when the first loaves come out of the oven, filling the kitchen with a deliciously warm scent. Peeta lets them cool for only a few minutes before he wraps them individually in parchment. It's a good thing he does too, or else I'd eat every bite. He tosses me a roll when he's bagging them by the dozen. "I made an uneven number," he explains, and I accept it happily. I practically swallow it whole, giving him an approving nod as the flavors burst on my tongue. "Good?" he says with a chuckle. "Very good," I mumble around a mouthful. We're both smiling and laughing, the moment lingering until I go on and ruin it with my thoughts. "Is this what it's going to be like?" I say. "When we're married?" He unties his apron and drops it on the edge of the sink. "Maybe," he says. "Even if we play make believe for the rest of our lives though, it's not going to make things better for the rest of them." It's a bold statement to make when there are probably people listening. But he's right. A loaf of bread can help, but we'll never be able to feed the entire district. We'll always have too much, while others have too little, and the burden of appeasing Snow in the Capitol will weigh heavily on us everyday. There's nothing to do but rebel, and while I can conjure a flame, I can't wage the fire that the rebellion needs. "You okay?" Peeta says, looking worried. "Yeah," I say, flashing a quick smile to appease him. "Do you think I can take some of this back with me? My mother and Prim probably know of a few people who could use the meal." "Take as much as you need." He moves to the window, drawing back the curtains. "It's getting dark, I should probably get you back." I don't really want to leave, but I can't argue with him. What would I say? He fills a sack with most of the bread we've made while I slip on my coat. When he opens the front door I'm nearly blinded by a blanket of white. Snow is falling so heavily, I can't see my house, which is only a couple dozen yards away. The wind is blowing the snow directly at us, and the steps leading up to his home are already buried, it's as if his house is floating on a white sea. "I think I should probably carry you," he decides. He's insane if he thinks we should wander through the snow. It's easy to get disoriented when you can't see beyond your feet, and having to lug me around will only add to the distraction. It seems silly when I live but a stone's throw away, but I'm not going to risk his safety, especially when we're already someplace safe and warm. "I'm not even sure if my mother and sister are home. They may be snowed in too." We try to phone my line, but as I suspected, there's no answer. "It's probably better to wait out the storm together." "I don't think your mother would like that very much. What about your virtue?" My mother doesn't know of all the nights I shared a bed with Peeta, but she's certainly seem some of the highlights from the Victory Tour, "delirious" in my love. "I don't have any virtue left," I say. His laugh is nervous. "Believe me Katniss, you have plenty of