So after reading Rainbow Rowell's Fangirl, it was such GPOY I just had to tackle it myself. For promptsinpanem's fantasy day. Katniss stared at the blank Word document, the cursor flashing like an impatient reminder. She began to type. Winter was coming, and although the cold never quite reached the kingdom in the Fourth She held down the backspace key until all the characters had disappeared. Her e-mail alert pinged, and she cringed when she saw that another review had been posted. This is really great. I hope you continue it! It had been a month since she had updated. Had it really been that long? When she first began writing, she could post a chapter every day! Now it felt like pulling teeth. Annie Cresta would have to spend another day trapped in the sea. Or year, at the rate she was writing it. Katniss closed the lid to her laptop and stretched to crack her stiff limbs. There wasn't any light filtering through their window except for the golden artificial glow of the street lamps. Was it already night? She confirmed the time on her phone. 8:30, where had the day gone? As if on cue, the door sprang open and her roommate, Delly Cartwright, came bouncing through. She had a large shopping bag, which she deposited on her lofted bed, and as usual, Peeta Mellark came shuffling in after her. "Katniss, have you even left the room?" Delly huffed, revealing a new sweater from the shopping bag and clipping off the tags. "It smells like empanadas again." "Sorry," Katniss said, fishing her discarded takeout container from her desk side trashcan. "I meant to toss it in the trash room, but-" "It was soooo far?" Delly filled in. She flushed slightly. "Yeah." "You don't have to get takeout all the time you know," Delly said, placing her hands on her hips. "You should come eat with us sometimes. Peeta's great company if you just ignore him." Peeta had hoisted himself onto Delly's bed and tapped her playfully with his foot at the insult. "Maybe," Katniss said, although she had no intention of following through. "We're going to an 80's party tonight," she said holding the sweater up against her chest. "Does this look 80's to you?" Katniss glanced at it briefly. "Sure?" "It looks Saved by the Bell to me," Peeta chimed in. "That's the 90's." "Late 80's - early 90's, it's the same thing, right?" Delly said breezily. "All I'm saying, is if they refuse you at the door, I told you so," he said. Already anticipating Delly's assault, he held his hands up in a defensive maneuver, catching the sweater when she whipped it at him. "I hate you," she seethed with as much anger as Delly could muster, which was never much. She turned back to Katniss. "Do you want to come to the party? We're not leaving for another hour or two, so there's plenty of time." Katniss's eyes widened. "Um, no. Thanks though," she added, so that she didn't sound so rude. "Think about it, okay? Peeta and I don't really drink if that's what you're worried about." Katniss looked at Peeta and then back to Delly. She was more uncomfortable about being the third wheel than anything, but neither of them ever seemed to grasp that. It was weird enough that they spent so much time in her dorm room while Katniss was there. She always insisted on going to the library to give them some privacy, but they were always only studying, and sometimes for the same classes as her, although Katniss was in a different section. "I have to work in the morning, so..." she reasoned. "Well if you change your mind," Delly said with a shrug. "I'm going to shower," she added, gathering her towel off the hook along with her caddy. She tugged on Peeta's sock on her way out of the room, giving him one last playful scowl. Then, as usual, Katniss was left alone with him. Katniss sat in her desk chair, her shoulders tense knowing that he was sitting there, behind her. She opened the lid to her laptop and tried to type. Her fingertips ghosted against the keys, but she couldn't help feeling like he was reading over her shoulder, even though he was on the other side of the room. She couldn't take it anymore. She fumed silently, letting her eyes slip shut to calm her temper, but she couldn't take it. "Don't you have your own room?" she snapped. Peeta was busy with something on his phone and lifted his eyebrows curiously, as if she could have been addressing someone else in the room. "Yeah," he said. "It's a single though. It gets kind of lonely." Katniss let out an incredulous snort. "Really? You don't say?" She could barely remember what it was like to be alone since Delly and Peeta were always breathing down her neck. "It's all the way on the east campus too. Most of my classes are on this side." She couldn't argue with that. The better dining hall was here too. But she wasn't about to admit it. She turned back to her computer and noticed a new e-mail. I'm going to need you to update like yesterday, ktnxbye She dropped her face into her hands. "What are your plans for tonight?" Peeta said. She groaned. "Nothing," she mumbled into her palms. "What are you writing?" She lifted her head to glance over her shoulder. He was looking at her screen. "Nothing," she repeated more sharply. He seemed to take a hint, and there was a long blissful moment of silence. "You're a writer though, right?" he asked her abruptly. She felt her heart stop, and her cheeks immediately flashed red with heat. "Not really," she said tightly, refusing to turn and face him. "I'm not majoring in it, if that's what you're asking." "But you write like all the time." She closed her word processor. "For fun," she said, searching for a carefree tone but landing on a stonewall defensive one. "Do you write fanfic or something?" "What?" she nearly shouted, her indignation surely giving way to her lies. "It's cool if you do," he said. "I think I found you, actually." She wanted to die. To break off the metal security bar on her window and fall to her second story death. "I don't think so." "Ode2Odesta?" he read off his phone. "The icon is the same as your desktop," he pointed at her computer to verify. "Why were you looking at Odesta fanfic?" "I saw the movies," he said. "Books," she snapped. "It seemed like you really liked them," he reasoned. "What is Odesta? A blend of Odair and Cresta? That's clever." "I didn't come up with it," she said, feeling even more embarrassed now that he was complimenting her for her weird habit. "You didn't read any of it, did you?" "Maybe," he said carefully. "I won't read anymore if you don't want me to." Her eyes widened. "Please don't." Now she couldn't stop thinking about which one he could have read. Her most popular story was fairly harmless, keeping within the censorship of a YA novel, but that one was nearly 200,000 words. There were a few one shots based on missing scenes and movie crossovers that she wouldn't be too embarrassed about, but most of her shorter stories were kind of... graphic. "Fine, okay, if that's what you want," he said, sounding surprisingly disappointed. "It was fun seeing a different side to you." She couldn't help but take that as a slight. "It's stupid," she said. "I don't even know why I do it." "It's really good," he said. "I'm not much of a reader, but you pulled me right in. I read half of your Little Mermaid one last night." Hearing him say the words out loud somehow made it worse. "You shouldn't bother," she said. "I'm probably never going to finish it." "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said anything, I didn't mean to embarrass you." His voice was so sincere she almost believed him. "You always seem to be lost somewhere in your own world, and you don't like any of the stuff Delly and I do... I thought you might be getting lonely." "I'm fine," she mumbled. She had her beta and a few readers and other writers who had become somewhat close friends, even though she'd never met them in person. "Don't you get tired of living someone else's life though?" "Not really." Her characters could do and say everything she was afraid to do herself. "There are some things that are hard to describe if you've never done them before." "Like what?" "I don't know," he said, when he obviously knew exactly what he was talking about. "Getting drunk. Sitting in a diner until 3AM with your friends. Falling in love..." he looked away. Now he was starting to look uncomfortable. He rubbed the back of his neck and cringed. "It kind of seemed like a virgin was writing it." Her jaw dropped. "I've had sex," she said. "Was it ever good?" She scoffed at him. She refused to answer that. "I'm sorry, you just use these weird phrases like 'their tongues battled for dominance.' What does that even mean? Did you guys have basement parties with tongue wars or something?" "It's a common expression." "Sure. Okay," he said. She rolled her eyes. She really hated him now. "I'm only suggesting that maybe a little more worldly experience would do you good." "Like slapping on some spandex, teasing my hair, and chugging a liter of cherry vodka until I'm nice and lubricated for the Sigma Chi's to pass around? Should I send you the bill for the stomach pumping or would it make a better story if I sold myself into prostitution to pay it off?" "God, I didn't mean it like that. Not every college party is a Lifetime PSA in disguise. Sometimes people go out, drink responsibly, have a good time, and are safely back in bed in time for work in the morning. That's all I'm trying to say." "And sometimes people spend time in their own dorm rooms instead of harassing their girlfriend's roommate all the time. Why don't you take your own advice and go build some life experience with her instead of bugging me." He looked utterly perplexed. "Delly isn't my girlfriend," was all he said in response. The door swung open and Delly appeared, towel drying her hair. "Should I put mousse in now, or does it need to dry more? Katniss do you know?" She paused, her eyes darting between Katniss and Peeta as she measured the temperament of the room. "Is everything okay?" Katniss used the distraction as an opportunity to escape. She slipped her laptop under her arm and darted towards the open door. "I'm going to the library," she mumbled before the door shut behind her. Finnick Odair was pompous and arrogant to a fault. He thought he could charm the world with a single smile. And maybe he could. But he'd yet to break the steely resolve of Annie Cresta. She was a loner. Preferring the quiet breeze of the sea to the company of the Fourth Kindom's adorers, and that was something that Finnick simply could not comprehend. He'd sit beside her from time to time, desperate to see into her world. But the stories that played were ones that only she could hear, and they made her happy. "Don't you ever get lonely?" he asked her. Her eyes were large and round and as green as the sea, but unbeknownst to him, she couldn't speak a word of her truths. Not with the evil Lord Snow holding her tongue captive. Finnick was growing impatient with her, though. The only way to break the spell would be to win his love without the aid of her voice. She'd have to show him. Have