I picked up this show, Orphan Black the other day, and was sort of blown away by some of the similarities between it and the Capitol, and obviously, as I do with every show, I plotted a fic about it. This is an AU version of Panem, and sort of a sci-fi noir, and hopefully won't be too many parts because I really don't need more WIPs in my life. Warning, because it's a noir there's some questionable moral landscapes, and because there are clones, there's some dubious consent. It's dark when the freight train pulls into the station. My arms are tired and sore from holding tightly to the rungs. Usually when I hop trains like these, I crawl into cars that are low on cargo. Trains from District 11 are full of fresh fruit and beds of soft cotton. It's nice to find a warm place to sleep when you can. When I'm going to the Capitol, I always try to catch a train from Eleven's track. I didn't have that sort of luxury on this journey though. I had to get away. Fast. Running blindly through the dark woods until I heard the powerful cough of a combustion engine echoing through the trees. The passenger trains that connect the districts of Panem are electric and nearly silent, but they don't have the capacity to carry 20,000 tons of cargo. They move impossibly fast too, 300 miles an hour, I think, only slowing when they come to a station. It wouldn't matter if I caught one anyway. There are six ticketing agents to each rail car, and they don't take kindly to stowaways. Especially defected runaways. One flash of my Identification Card and every alarm in Panem would trigger. The freight trains are slow and loud, with only two crewmen to operate it. There are stretches where they can pick up quite a bit of speed, but through the mountains, where I came from, it only takes a brisk jog to keep in step with them. The one I caught was from District 5, carrying tanks of fuel for some sort of power regulator, no doubt. The trains run off the coal from District 12, but everywhere else in Panem, the technology is far more advanced, relying on oil, or water, or chemical combustions I could never understand. Tanks mean sealed compartments, which means you better be able to hold on tightly to the ladder rungs for the two day journey. The alternative is being sliced and diced beneath the sharp steel wheels, or if you're lucky, you take a long fall into one of the deep canyons the train glides through. I'm not sure which is the worst way to go, and I don't intend to find out. When the train comes to a stop, just outside of the train yard, I stretch my leg out in search of the platform. It's pitch black along this length of track, but I've made this jump plenty of times before to do it with my eyes closed. Right now the conductor is exchanging paperwork with the station agent, so that the track can be shifted to the right lane and the cargo can be properly distributed. Once the train passes that gate, a 20 foot fence will close behind it, and the only way out will be the same way in, which if this is the only type of supplies passing through, could be days. I take a deep breath and leap into the darkness, my ankles buckling when they come in contact with the cement platform. I've been standing without rest for nearly two days now, and the neglected muscles in my legs scream in protest with every step. I stumble into a steel support beam and cling to it desperately. My head is foggy and my eyelids are too heavy to keep open. My thirst is palpable, the dryness in my throat making it difficult to swallow. I'm almost there. Only a mile more and I'll be at Finnick's, where I'll have more food than I'll know what to do with. I take comfort in these thoughts as I climb the steps to the main station. Outside, it's brighter than day beneath the Capitol skyline. The light burns my eyes, and I feel disoriented in the shuffle of people as they board a passenger train that will take them to the outer districts. At top speed, they'll pull into District 12 as the sun is rising. Then they'll spend the week hidden behind the doors of the Justice Building, where they'll shuffle permits and print out Identification Cards, praying for the day they can escape that awful place and return to the luxuries of the Capitol. I stay behind, watching it as it zips away on a shallow track. I'm never going back there. I'm alone again, I think, until I spot a woman at the far end of the station. Her hair is dark, like mine, and knotted loosely at the nape of her neck. She slips off her shoes, keeping her back to me, and places them neatly beside her satchel and a white paper bag. Next, she removes her jacket and lays it gently across her things. The overhead speakers announce another train's arrival in thirty seconds. She looks at me then. Her gray eyes set deeply in her gaunt face. But it's not her face. It's mine. I blink a few times to clear the exhaustion from my tired mind, but when I open my eyes, again, it's as if I'm staring into a mirror. Same height, same build, same thin lips, sharp cheekbones, and angled nose, and although her skin has taken a ghostly pallor, it's still, undeniably, the same olive tone as mine. The woman does not seem fazed by our resemblance. She only looks at me vacantly, our eyes locking in an unspoken spell. I'm too paralyzed to speak, and even if I could, I don't know what I would say. There are thousands of people in Panem, surely the odds wouldn't be impossible for two people to look the same. It's not until the woman steps off the platform and onto the track that I begin to panic. The hum of the approaching train is getting louder. Even if they tried to stop now, the screeching breaks would still slice her in two. It all happens so fast. The woman laying across the track, the lights of the train filling the station, and then she's gone, hidden beneath the ten ton beast as if she were never there. The train comes to a halt and the conductor hurries frantically onto the platform. Any second, a fleet of Peacekeepers will come rushing down the staircase to investigate the scene. One that I can not be a part of. I begin to run, but it's not towards the exit, as I initially intended. Instead I'm crouched over the woman's things, wrapping her coat around my shoulders, and tucking her bags beneath my arm. I take her shoes too, even though they're impractical heels and then I'm walking away, briskly, with my head bowed, only stopping when I reach Finnick's door. I can't shake the image of the woman's face and how similar it was to mine. I need to understand why. "What are you doing here?" Finnick says flatly. It's obvious he isn't surprised to see me. I don't visit the Capitol frequently, but it's often enough for Finnick to expect my periodic presence. He lives on the outskirts of the city, as most of the transplants do. Although his face is on half the billboards in Panem, Finnick Odair isn't Capitol born. He's from District 4, which means they'll exploit him for all he's worth, but he'll never be one of them. We all know our place. That's why I left. He steps aside to allow me to enter. "New coat?" he says. I pull away the dead woman's jacket and drop it to the floor as if it were burning me. Her shoes land next in the chaotic heap, a stark contrast to how meticulously she had arranged them before her death. "I'm here to see Prim," I say. I move to the kitchen table to set the satchel down. The white paper bag she left behind is printed with the words MELLARK'S BAKERY, and when I unroll it, I discover half a loaf of cinnamon raisin bread. My mouth waters instantly, and I pull the bag closer to my nose to devour the sweet scent. I'm starving, and the dead woman certainly won't miss it, as awful as my logic sounds. "Good luck getting past Abernathy," Finnick says. He swats the paper bag out of my hands and removes the loaf. "It's his tongue as much as yours if they find out he's been letting a runaway in." "Yours too," I say. I put Finnick in just as much danger when I rely on him for a place to stay. "My tongue's too pretty," he says. He places the bread on the counter and begins to slice it. My eyes wander to the satchel on the table. It doesn't look Captiol made, but I don't recognize the textiles either. Most districts don't have the material for these types of luxuries, and make do with what they have. This looks to be seat upholstery. Probably from District 6 where they make trains and hovercrafts. I push open the flap and lift the edge enough to peer inside. My fingers find her Identification Card first, and I slip it onto the table, out of Finnick's view. Marlene Childs, District 6. Her birthday is May 22, only two weeks after mine. She turned 19 a few days ago, and now she's dead. "What's wrong with you?" Finnick extends a slice of bread to me and I eat it quickly. For a brief second I allow myself to savor the exquisite flavor without guilt. I finish a second slice. "I saw a woman kill herself today," I tell him. His face tenses with worry and he reaches out to comfort me. "She looked exactly like me." "What?" I press the Identification Card into his hand. "Is this a fake?" he says after holding it to the light. Panem Identifiation Cards, PICs, are stamped with holographic emblems that are nearly impossible to recreate, and include an encrypted barcode for Peacekeepers to scan. If you don't match the person on file to the letter, you're as good as dead. His eyes dart between my face and the picture on the card, an amused, contemplative grin slanting his lips. "That's impressive. Really. Stupid, but impressive." "It's real," I say. There's a slip of paper in the front pocket of the bag and I unfold it. "And so is this Capitol Visa," I say, waving it at Finnick. "It was renewed yesterday by some doctor." "Aurelius," Finnick sounds out the syllables like there are marbles in his mouth. "Six weeks for a psych eval." He drops the paper onto the table. "Jesus, Katniss. She killed herself? Right in front of you?" There's a half empty vile of clear liquid, reading MORPHLING up the side. The syringe that accompanies it looks used. "Laid right on the tracks." Finnick's concern is brief. He flips the bag open then quickly closes it, shaking his head in disbelief. "And you took her things? What's wrong with you?" I snatch the PIC back and hold it closely to his face. "Look at her, Finnick. A resemblance like that isn't a coincidence." "Are you suggesting some sort of conspiracy?" I don't want to think like that. The Capitol uses all sorts of strange pseudosciences, but what does that have to do with me? They're too busy creating poisonous wasps and birds that sing secrets. There's nothing special about me. I've been missing for three years now, and as far as I know, nobody's been looking. I pull out my own PIC and