Written for the Everlark Holiday Challenge on tumblr ( promptsinpanem ) Katniss hurried down the sidewalk, her worn boots skidding against the murky slush which was quickly turning into a fresh sheet of ice. It was 4:30PM on Christmas Eve and even the grocery store had closed by this point. But the light was still on at Mellark's Bakery. A beacon of hope that shone brightly from the far side of the shopping center. She was mere steps away when the windows went dark, and the sign in the door became legible: Sorry, We're Closed, it mocked her from the other side of the thin glass. There weren't any cars in the parking lot, and she could only assume that Mr. Mellark had parked out back, where he could make an easy exit, blissfully unaware of her desperate dilemma. She let out a soft whimper, her forehead hitting the taunting barrier between her and the last fresh baked goods in all of Panem with a resigned thud. She had all but embraced her failure when she heard the deadbolt click. The door pushed open slightly, jingling the bells that hung above the frame. "Did you want to come in?" came a familiar voice that didn't belong to the elder Mellark. Her eyes lifted to confirm her suspicion. "Peeta?" she said, an inexplicable tug pulling her mouth into a crooked grin. "Hey Katniss," he said, opening the door enough for her to pass through. "You home for Christmas?" The question was innocent enough — purely conversational — yet Katniss felt uneasy by the small talk. Like they were old friends. Although Katniss and Peeta had graduated from the same high school that past spring, they had never spoken before. Not really. "Yeah," she said after some hesitation. "I got back this morning." "You go to state, right?" He was already behind the counter, tapping some buttons to bring the register to life. "Yeah." She nodded an affirmative, but didn't elaborate. There was an awkward stretch of silence before he spoke again. "What can I help you with?" he said. "I ruined the pie," she said, relaying the events of the earlier crisis in the Everdeen kitchen. "By burning it?" "By eating it," she admitted. She had only eaten a slice. It was sitting on the counter when she'd arrived that morning, and after the three hour drive, she was starving. Nobody had ever complained about the Christmas desserts being picked at before, but this dinner was special. Katniss rolled her eyes. "My sister invited her boyfriend to dinner and apparently it's a really big deal." "Sounds serious," he mused, reaching beneath the display case to retrieve an assortment of white cardboard boxes. "She's fifteen," Katniss said flatly. "Would you like to peruse the wedding cake selection then, while you're at it?" She laughed. "I wouldn't put it past her. He lined two boxes on the counter. "We've got apple and poison berry," he said. "Pick your poison… or apple. Sorry, that sounded better in my head." "Poison berry sounds good," she said, giving him an encouraging smile. She pulled a few crumpled bills from her pocket and extended them to him. "You guys are open awfully late on Christmas Eve," she noted. "Technically we closed at one," he said. He counted her change and handed it to her. "I've been stalling." Talking with Peeta hadn't been unpleasant thus far, and she felt compelled to continue the conversation. "Stalling from what?" "Nothing interesting," he said. He had tied off the cake box with red string and it was waiting for her beside the register. Now Katniss was stalling, it seemed. She picked at the frayed end of the string, making no move to pick it up off the counter. "How long are you home for?" he said, after another drawn out moment of silence. "Two weeks." "Wow, really? That's not very long. We're off for like a month. I'm already in my second week and bored out of my mind." She smiled at this. She had only been home for a few hours and was counting down the seconds until she went back. She adored her sister like nothing else in the world, but only when Prim wasn't in her surly teen phase, which she had just settled into. "Where did you end up going to school?" she said. He lifted his eyebrows, an intriguing warmth swirling in his blue irises. "Panem U," he said. That was a private university on the other side of town, not too far, probably a fifteen minute commute on a bad day. "Do you live in the dorms?" "Nah, I live at home," he said with a chuckle. "Sexy, isn't it?" Her throat went dry at the remark and the wry smirk that accompanied it. "Practical," she managed to say. "Well I should get going. Thanks for the pie." She was almost at the door when his voice stopped her. "You doing anything on Friday?" Her eyes widened at the loaded question, and she tried to hide her surprise by clearing her throat. "The day after Christmas we have this Christmas tree bonfire in the woods," he said. "It's sort of a dumb tradition, but there's a keg, so it's fun." "Aren't you supposed to keep your tree up for twelve days or something? How else will the Wise Men find you?" "The fire gets pretty massive," he said. "Trust me, they'd find it. Besides, most people have had their trees up since Thanksgiving, so the right zap of static is liable to set the whole house ablaze. If you think about it, we're doing them a favor." She shrugged her shoulders and shook her head. "Our tree isn't real. I don't think PVC is flammable." "Too bad," he said with a playful grimace. "You should come." Katniss had no interest in visiting her old high school chums, mainly because she didn't have any. She was passing acquaintances with several people, but not really friends with anyone besides Gale and maybe Madge Undersee. There weren't any particular traumas that spurred Katniss's isolation from her peers; she simply preferred to keep to herself when she could. Which was why the prospect of spending an evening, lost in the woods with some obnoxiously drunk strangers she didn't care to remember, didn't seem appealing to her. She smiled tightly anyway and nodded. "Maybe," she said. Peeta flashed a grin that almost made her consider his invitation, and she hurried out the door before she could make any promises she wasn't willing to keep. Katniss kept one arm folded across her chest, while the other held her red plastic cup against her chin, where she'd already chewed and deformed most of the lip. She hadn't planned on ending up here. She had called Gale earlier in the day to ask what he was up to, and when Gale had told her he was going to some lame bonfire with Madge – apparently they were dating now, he had asked if she wanted to tag along. She didn't want to. Really. There was just nothing better to do, now that TBS wasn't playing "A Christmas Story" on the even hour anymore. The trees weren't dry enough to make good firewood quite yet, and the early flames were nothing but bellowing smoke. Katniss kept her eyes trained on the far side of the embers, where Peeta Mellark seemed to stop and chat with every person at the party, each for a good ten minutes at least. Had he even wanted her to come? She downed the rest of her cup, and began searching through the crowd for Gale and Madge, who had disappeared almost an hour ago with their elbows locked, smiling at one another like they were keeping a secret. "Katniss? You came!" She heard Peeta's voice behind her, and then felt his hand touch her shoulder. She turned on her heels to face him, her eyes barely flitting up to acknowledge him, before she was staring into her empty plastic cup again. His eyelids were heavy from the smoke and alcohol, and his hand lingered on her shoulder for longer than was customary before finally falling away. "Hi," she said shyly. His smile was the type that brightened his entire face without any effort. He looked her up and down a few times, before his glazed eyes settled on hers. "I didn't think you'd come," he said. "I didn't either," she admitted. "Can I–? Could I–?" he began to stammer, laughing at himself a bit before regaining his composure. "Would you like another drink?" "I think I'm leaving, actually." "No, you just got here!" he said, and he touched her hand and must have realized it was inappropriate, because he pulled it back quickly, as if her skin had burned him. "I really didn't think you would come. I feel like such an ass now." "It's okay," she said. She craned her neck a bit higher to search for Gale and Madge. This was all a bad idea. "How was Christmas? Did your family like the pie?" "Yes," she said vacantly. "It was delicious." "Good," he said. There was a lull in the conversation, while Katniss continued her desperate search for an escape. She had spent the entire night waiting for Peeta Mellark to talk to her, and now that he actually was, she had no idea what to do. "Did you get everything you wanted this year?" he said. His tone was casual, but the faint glint in his eyes suggested something else. "My family isn't big on exchanging gifts," she said. She had bought her mother a coffee mug from the school bookstore, and for Prim, the pair of headphones she'd requested. "Mine either," he said. "My mom gets us the same thing every year. I have more socks than the Fruit of the Loom warehouse at this point. Tomorrow I get to stand in line for four hours to bleed out whatever store credit I can get." "That sounds like the holiday spirit," she said dryly. He chuckled and nodded his head sheepishly. "That was such a bratty thing to say. I must sound so awful." "You do." "I was fine before that last beer, I swear. I'm really kicking myself now." He dumped what was left in his cup into the dirt. "Why?" When he looked at her, there was always this look of disbelief that wrinkled the corners of his eyes, she noticed that now. "I wanted to talk to you," he said, as if it were obvious. Despite the biting winter air, she felt a rush of warmth at his earnestness. She'd noticed Peeta before. She'd always noticed him. But she never thought of him much. Not actively. Not this way. "Maybe some other time," she said. "How about tomorrow?" he said. "Do you want to keep me company in line, so I can show you how ungrateful I can be?" "You're really trying to flaunt your best qualities, aren't you?" "We can even play a quick round of White Elephant before hand, so I can swipe your favorite gift for itchy underwear. I'm that generous!" She had to bite her bottom lip to stop from smiling. "Okay, yeah," she said. The alternative would be sitting on the couch with whatever show Prim had decided to binge watch off Netflix that day, something from the CW most likely. Plus, despite what he may have thought, she found she didn't mind being around Peeta, she almost enjoyed it. "Great," he said, his smile so broad it was contagious and soon, she was smiling too. "You live off Oak, right?" She wasn't sure how he knew that detail, but only nodded in response. Gale and Madge had returned from the recesses of wherever they'd run off to earlier, and Katniss quickly ended the conversation before they saw her with Peeta. She didn't need to be teased for talking with a boy, especially not Peeta. They'd talk