A/N: So this is a drabble that sort of got away from me. It will only be two parts – not a full blown work in progress, but this seemed lengthy enough to be a standalone. Hope you enjoy! Katniss slipped another pin into her hair to secure her braid into place, and paused to inspect herself in the mirror. She smoothed her hands over the red satin that draped around her waist to insure the wire taped down her middle didn't leave a lump. Satisfied, she plucked a tube of lipstick from her purse and applied another coat. "You sure you're ready for this?" Gale stood in the doorway, leaning a shoulder against the frame. Katniss puckered her lips with a loud smacking sound. "I was born ready." Gale shook his head with a chuckle. "Yeah? But I hear this guy is real dreamy." Rolling her eyes, she turned back to the mirror and combed her lashes with mascara until they doubled in size. "I've managed to resist your's and Odair's charms for years. Are you suggesting that Goldilocks is prettier than you?" "He knows what he's doing, Katniss," Gale said, his grin falling and creasing with worry. Katniss snapped her handbag shut and slung the strap over her shoulder before she slipped passed him in the doorway. "And so do I." The corridor was dimly lit with concrete floors and walls that bounced the clicking of her heels in an echoing chorus. It was an enclosed alleyway that connected majority of the shops in the Merchant Quarter, making for the perfect spot for her team to set up their headquarters. Stepping up to the door marked '13' with peeling reflective tape, Katniss taped on it with her knuckle. There was a shuffle on the other side, and then she heard the muffled response. "What's the password?" She rolled her eyes. "Fuck off, Finnick." Gale had just caught up with her when the door opened, and they both stepped inside. "You don't clean up half bad, you know," Finnick said, his green eyes dropping down her body to appraise her new look. "You don't mean it," she said. "We all know you'd look much better in this dress than I do." "I never said I wouldn't," he said with a challenging grin that displayed each and every one of his pearly white teeth. Finnick led them through a series of doorways, to the storage room, which was filled with a barricade of cardboard boxes. It took a few minutes to shift the stacks of boxes to make a walkway but eventually they were in the center of operations. Beetee was typing furiously on his keyboard, and his monitor sprang to life with a grid of security camera feeds. He perked up when he saw Katniss and reached for the headphones resting on his computer tower. "Is the wire in place?" he asked, placing the headphones over his ears after she nodded. "Okay, try to speak." She took a deep breath, jutting her chest forward in the process and said, "Testing, testing." "Perfect," Beetee said with a nod of approval. He picked up a small black clam shell case and opened it to reveal an ear piece, small enough to pickup with the pad of his finger. "Now your turn." Katniss took the device and tucked it snugly into her ear. "Test? Test?" he said quickly into a mouthpiece. "Singing like a bird," Katniss said, when she heard his voice in her ear. Haymitch, Plutarch, and Delly sat huddled around another table reviewing documents and maps on their handheld tablets. It took a few moments before Katniss caught Haymitch's eye, but when she did, he lifted his head and smiled smugly. "Look at you sweetheart, all cleaned up for your first date," he teased. "It's Agent Everdeen," she corrected. "Do you have the file on the target?" Haymitch clicked the button on his tablet and the screen glowed to life. He extended it to her, but jerked it back when she went to take it. "You sure you're ready for this?" With an impatient sigh, she snatched it from his grasp, her gaze dropping to the screen, immediately hypnotized by the bright blue eyes staring back at her. Peeta Mellark was the most talented agent that the Capitol had to offer. He was charming and manipulative, a dangerous combination that could get a house plant to talk. He could read a room better than anyone too. Almost instantly he'd set his sights on the perfect target, and the information would melt into his hands after a single, dazzling grin. Several missions had gone awry because Peeta Mellark had foiled their plans before Thirteen could even get their foot off the ground. He hadn't always been a loyalist. In fact, he'd grown up in District Twelve with Katniss. He seemed kind and level headed growing up, which was why she couldn't understand his allegiance to the Capitol. But Haymitch, her handler, had explained that the Capitol recruited agents when they were young and still vulnerable. Their first year of training was filled with propaganda videos that essentially brainwashed them into following the cause. But they weren't looking to appeal to Agent Peeta Mellark of the Capitol, they were looking to appeal to Peeta Mellark, the baker's son of District Twelve. And Katniss had known him then, albeit vaguely. That's why she had been assigned to his case. She had "reconnected" with Peeta through Panem's networking directory system, where he had maintained reasonably good contact with some of their old schoolmates. Delly Cartwright had been the first Thirteen agent to make contact. She was his best friend growing up, and her inquiries into his professional life didn't trigger any red flags. At first. But Peeta was too clever to take the bait, and although he didn't turn Delly in for treason against the Capitol, he wasn't going to spill his secrets to her either. "He'll talk for Katniss," Delly had insisted. Katniss wasn't sure what had spurred the recommendation. She was by no means the best agent on the force. In fact, when it came to getting people to talk, she was quite possibly the worst. But Peeta Mellark had been a hard egg to crack, and if Thirteen wanted to get the upper hand and outwit the Capitol, they'd need his secrets. No matter what it took. The cards all fell carefully into place with the help of Plutarch, their mole in the palace ranks. He'd planted the seed of treasonous plots building in District Twelve, which brought Peeta to investigate, because unrest led to talks of uprising, and uprising led to alliances with Thirteen, and Thirteen was something that Peeta had yet to find. He'd been chasing the ghost of the separatist movement for five years now, a journey that Katniss's superiors had been tracking carefully. This wasn't the only ghost that Peeta had been chasing though. He was unhappy with his personal life, a detail that she had learned through their online correspondence, when he had expressed his desire for companionship in his home life. This gave Katniss the opening she needed to suggest a meeting with him, knowing full well he'd be on his way to District Twelve. Peeta had eagerly accepted, insisting that his travel to Twelve didn't have to be solely for business. A car had been ordered to drop Katniss off at the restaurant, even though it was only a few doors down from the toy shop, where they had set up head quarters. It would be suspicious for her to arrive on foot, and precautions had to be made. "Upscale" and "District Twelve", weren't exactly synonymous, but there were a handful of swanky restaurants in the Merchant Quarters suitable for those who were used to the luxuries of the Capitol. Most of the patrons were garishly dressed, emulating Capitol fashion in a futile attempt. Katniss nervously licked her ruby stained lips as her eyes scanned the crowd. She spotted Finnick first in the lounge, flirting with a girl in a nearly non existent cocktail dress. She found Gale next at the bar, glancing up at her from his drink before quickly looking away. The only person she'd yet to find was her target, Peeta Mellark and his familiar blond curls. "I was afraid you wouldn't show," she heard his voice in her ear. She jumped, her hand instinctively clasping over the ear that held a listening device, worried that he may have seen. "I lost track of the time," she said apologetically. His eyes flitted down her body before they met hers again. "It was worth the wait," he assured her. "You look amazing." "Thanks," she said, her voice airier than she intended. She refused to let the way he looked at her affect her, and she shook her head to push away the thoughts. "Not how I remembered you though," he said, his lips creasing with a frown. "I mean, when you suggested we meet here, I was confused because it's so…" he shook his head, displeased with his wording. Katniss felt her shoulders tighten at the skeptical look in his eye. "I mean not many people from Twelve frequent this area, especially not from the Seam." "Are you referring to my affluence?" she said quickly. Finnick and Haymitch had anticipated this suspicion when planning the meetup, and a back story had been implemented to cover the details. "My mother took over the apothecary and developed several herbal remedies. Their quite popular in the Capitol. We're doing very well because of it." "That makes sense," he said, his cheeks puffing out as he let out a quick breath. "All natural is all the rage these days." He guided her to their table and helped her into her seat. "Is it?" she asked. Her hand rested discreetly on her chest, worried that he may spot the wire she was wearing. "How do you like the Capitol?" "It's all right," he shrugged, sitting in the chair across from her. "How long have you lived there now?" "I was recruited when I was eighteen," he said. Katniss's eyes widened at the ease of his admission, but tried her best to play coy. "Recruited for what?" "I was a baker for the royal court," he said. "Was?" she asked, arching an eyebrow. He leaned forward on his elbows against the table, his grin wide and playful. "I thought we agreed: no talk about business." "You're skating on thin ice, lady," she heard Haymitch chirp gruffly into her ear. Katniss pressed her lips together to suppress her frown. "Of course," she said through a forced smile. "How do you like being back in Twelve." Peeta cocked his head thoughtfully. "I forgot how gray everything is," he said. "It's awful isn't it," she laughed resting her chin in her hand. Twelve was dirty and broken, no where near the beauty of the Capitol that Peeta had grown accustomed to. He lifted his gaze to meet hers, the bright blue orbs so genuine that it took her breath away. "I kind of like it," he said earnestly. There was something about Peeta Mellark that left her hypnotized. Her limbs melted and her elbow clumsily slipped from the table. In her haste to right herself, she tucked a loose curl of hair behind her ear, causing her listening device to pop out of place and land on the obscenely patterned carpet. She gasped and helplessly grasped at her empty ear. "Is something wrong?" Peeta asked, his eyebrows knitting together curiously. In a panic, Katniss discreetly removed her earring and dropped it on the floor. "I lost my earring," she explained before ducking under the table. "I'll help you find it," he insisted, following her to the floor. She spotted the listening device right as the sole of his shoe crushed it beneath his weight. Trying to divert attention, she lifted the fallen earring triumphantly. "Found it," she exclaimed. She slipped back