This one started as a Trick or Treat fic for a concept I found sort of fascinating, but never really saw fanfic for before. This story explores what would have happened if Katniss's father had lived and Peeta's father had died, because I think that would change both of their characters drastically, Katniss especially. On the first day of school he brings a box of cookies to share with the class. He hands them out, one by one, and she swears he saves the biggest one just for her. It's the sweetest thing she's ever tasted, and it crumbles across her tongue leaving hints of cinnamon in its wake. She savors the flavors, and the way it fills her empty stomach, and the way he smiles with just the right mix of sweetness and shyness when she thanks him for it. From that moment on, she knows she's a goner. She likes the slope of his nose, and the way it turns up at the end — others tease him about looking like a pig, but she thinks it's perfect. Her nose is sharp and pointy like the beak of a bird. His features are soft and round, with golden eyelashes and sparkling blue eyes the color of sapphires. She wants to tell him these things, but she doesn't know how. He sits with the merchant kids, with girls who wear pretty dresses and bows in their hair. Katniss is skin and bone and wears the ragged, moth eaten dresses passed down from her mother from when she was a little girl. He'll never look at her the way she looks at him. She remembers though, that her daddy won a merchant girl, and thinks maybe a merchant boy can love her too. The baker dies a week after her eleventh birthday. The sickness strikes him quickly, and his death is sudden. It doesn't make sense to Katniss. Someone as young and strong as the baker shouldn't die this easily. He worked a safe job with plenty of food to stay healthy and money for medicine when he needed it. "Some things we can't control," her mother tells her sadly. Katniss thinks of Peeta. He still has his mother, and he has two brothers, who are young, but old enough to keep the bakery running. He'll be okay, she tells herself. But when she closes her eyes and imagines her daddy going into the ground, she knows he never will be. Rain cuts through the sky making it hard to see. She's out later than she should be, but her father has been working longer shifts in the mines, and now that she's older, he trusts her to handle trades in town. She's halfway through the meadow when she hears his muffled cry through a crash of thunder. Her eyes struggle to focus on his thin frame. His back is to her, knees drawn to his chest, and the water has turned his hair dark, matting his curls to his forehead. She takes a few brave steps towards him, but pauses when she sees a dark red gash staining his drenched tee shirt. She calls his name, but he's unmoving, like a statue. Even with her father's hunting jacket wrapped around her, the rainwater seeps through the seams — cold and brittle, sending shivers down her spine. He must be freezing, although he doesn't look it. She reaches out to touch him, and he flinches. The cut on his shoulder looks bad, but shallow, and she decides it probably won't need stitches. It could get infected though, if he doesn't treat it. She drops her satchel to the ground and pulls open the drawstring to retrieve a small jar. It's a special antiseptic. Her mother synthesizes something similar using a blend of herbs, but the process is laborious and the result isn't as potent. Katniss has been trading four squirrels a week for the past month with the new apothecary to save up for it. It was going to be her mother's birthday present. Peeta needs it more than she does. She sets it on the ground, next to his boot and leaves without a word. The next day at school he makes an effort not to look at her. Maybe it's always this way, but on this day in particular, it's painfully obvious. His eyes snap away, whenever he notices her watching him, and he keeps his head bowed when she passes, refusing to even acknowledge her. At lunch, he isn't sitting with the merchant kids like he usually does. Instead she spots him on the far side of the schoolyard, sketching beneath an apple tree. He looks up at her, their eyes locking for a long moment. She wonders if she should go to him, but he drops his gaze, reaching into the dirt to pluck a dandelion, which he twirls in his fingers with a faint grin. She tries not to think about Peeta Mellark anymore. He creeps into her thoughts less and less, and sometimes she even fancies the dark haired boy she catches in the woods, or the charming peacekeeper who patrols the Hob. It's not until the reaping of the 74th Annual Hunger Games that she's forced to think of him again. Her name is called first, and then his, and they stand side by side on the stage along with Effie Trinket and Haymitch Abernathy. She holds his gaze as they shake hands, but when she turns to face the crowd her eyes slip shut and she thinks, not him . The train ride is silent, save for Effie Trinket who clucks along about the Capitol events that will take place in the coming days. There's a feast set out for them, with gold rimmed china, and more forks and knives at a single place setting than she has in her whole house. She fills her plate with roast beef and fatty duck and a rich looking risotto. She's one of the rounder girls in the Seam, but that isn't saying much. Her father has kept their family from starving with his bounty from the woods, but her hip bone is still sharp against her skin, and she count the bottom few ribs. She's seen the tributes from District 1 and 2. At her size, she won't stand a chance. She shovels fork full after fork full into her mouth until the grease makes her sick. Peeta sits across from her, dipping a sweet roll into his mug of hot chocolate and chewing on it idly. What's he thinking? she wants to know. Probably the best way to kill her. She doesn't want to think like that. She hopes that someone else kills Peeta Mellark before she's given the task. "It's not about killing," her father had told her in the justice building, right after the Reaping. "It's about surviving. You're a survivor, my girl." When she can't eat another bite, she switches to a creamy tomato bisque, leaving the spoon beside her plate and slurping it directly from the bowl. There are tears in her eyes by the time she reaches for the loaf of bread on her plate. She rips off small pieces and inhales them until it's gone, and she's so full, she feels delirious. "You can't kill somebody by puking on them," Peeta says, his nose wrinkled at her display. He leaves the train car and she sits, staring at her empty plate. She's still full from dinner, but she stirs heavy cream into her oatmeal and a spoonful of walnuts too. Haymitch Abernathy is slumped in the seat beside her, giving off a vile, sour odor that makes it difficult to keep her breakfast down. He'd probably be hungover if he still weren't so drunk. Haymitch is the only living victor of District 12, a useless title, since in the 24 years of being a mentor, he hasn't brought a single tribute home. Peeta looks bored across from them. "Well go on," he says, addressing Haymitch. "Isn't this where the mentoring begins?" Haymitch chuckles gruffly and tops off his juice with a fowl smelling liquor. "Stay alive," he says. "That's funny," Peeta says flatly. "You really are worthless, aren't you?" Haymitch seems surprised by Peeta's tenacity. Katniss is too. Tributes usually come from the Seam, and it's not that they're taught to keep their heads down, they're just too hungry and tired to fight back. Survival for them is having a meal on the table, not selecting which weapon would suit them best in an arena. Peeta has the build of a Career. His shoulders are impossibly broad for his age, probably from hauling heavy sacks of flour through town, and he's a skilled wrestler, giving him an advantage when it comes to hand to hand combat. "If you plan on being a fighter," Haymitch says, sitting back in his chair and propping his hands behind his head. "Then by all means, fight." "That'd be nice for you, I bet. To cross a tribute off your kill list for once. Anything to make you feel better," he says, then excuses himself from the table. "He sure is chipper," Haymitch says dryly. Katniss keeps her head bowed and eats a few scoops of oatmeal, but it's like glue in her mouth. Whoever this boy is, he isn't Peeta Mellark, at least not the one she thought she knew. When they reach the Capitol, there isn't much time to take in its grandeur. They're quickly whisked beneath the Events Square, where they're bathed and groomed into something almost unrecognizable. Katniss is dressed in a tight black bodysuit and her makeup is done with red and orange eyeshadow and striking black lipstick. She's guided towards the chariots where Peeta is already waiting, wearing a similar bodysuit. The step into the chariot is a large one and she grabs tightly onto the railing to hoist herself up. The suit is tighter than she realized, and she looses her balance on her first attempt. Peeta sees this and extends his hand to her. She hesitates to take it. She doesn't want to appear weak, not to him, but accepting help isn't the worst thing. She remembers her father's advice, to survive. In the arena, having an ally is a bit shortsighted, as only one will make it out alive, but in the beginning, 22 against 2 are much better odds than 23 against 1. Their eyes meet. Peeta could snap her neck in a second if he wanted to. In this moment, though, his eyes are so soft and kind, and his smile has just a touch of shyness that Katniss feels dizzy beneath his gaze and has to take his hand before she falls over completely. The chariot takes off, and she catches herself watching him, so charming and handsome as he waves to the crowd. The audience loves him and he knows it. No. She will not find an ally in Peeta Mellark. She does awful in her private training session. She hadn't picked up a bow in the three days of training, and when she tries this one - heavier than she's used to, with a less tensile string - she misses the target completely. She adjusts her hold, testing the string a few more times, and when she takes her next shot, she hits the center of the target perfectly. No one is paying attention anymore, so she keeps on shooting, hitting the same spot over and over until the bulls eye is nothing but a bouquet of arrows. "Time's up," Seneca Crane tells her, and she feels her heart drop into her stomach. The Games start in two days and she already knows she'll have an awful score. Out of the rest of the tributes, the only ones she thinks she can trust will be dead before the end of the bloodbath, which is good, too, she supposes, since she won't have to be the one to kill