A/N This is a submission to Prompts in Panem ( promptsinpanem on tumblr) for the visual prompt of a woman sitting naked in a window. Check out my tumblr ( absnow ) for other submissions from this week's challenge. Lyrics from Dave Matthews Band, "Crash Into Me." This is loosely, LOOSELY based on the film Clerks. Oh I watch you there, in the window, and I stare at you - you wear nothing But You Wear It so Well Katniss had just settled onto the couch when the ring from the telephone began to echo up and down the empty hallway. She tried her best to ignore it, figuring her mother or sister would answer first. Flipping open the cover of her book, she found the page she had dog eared, and scanned the lines to find where she had left off the night before. The phone continued to be ignored, despite its incessant protests, making it hard for her to concentrate. She read the same line three times and groaned. By the fifth ring, Katniss realized that no one in the house was willing to answer the call, and apparently the answering machine was disengaged. She recalled, now, an hour long fight with her sister, Prim, over what the outgoing message would be. Prim, carefree and loving soul that she was, wanted a cheerful skit performed by the entire family explaining some hijinks related incident that prevented them from answering the phone. Katniss preferred the default, robotic drone that recited their telephone number before the beep. The argument ended with the answering machine smashing against the far wall of the kitchen. Katniss rolled her eyes and turned to the page of her book. Who even used a land line anymore? It was the eighth ring now, and Katniss turned her head curiously towards the phone on the end table beside the couch. It wasn't about answering it anymore. It was about testing the patience of the person on the other end of the line. Ten rings. Eleven rings. Twelve. The ringing became a natural sound of the house. The trilling came from multiple rooms and bounced off the walls, combining into a deafening noise. Katniss felt like it was her patience that was being tested now. Finally, the sound became unbearable, and Katniss acquiesced, swiping the phone from the cradle and bringing it to her ear. "Hello?" she said flatly. "Katniss! Thank goodness I've reached you." Katniss grimaced at the sound of Effie Trinket's voice, the manager at the Cap-it-and-Go convenience store, where she and Prim both worked. It was a Tuesday during their winter vacation from school, and more importantly, their day off. There was only one reason why Effie would be calling on their day off. "Is Primrose home?" Katniss let out a sigh of relief that her name wasn't the one pulled from the lottery to be called into work. She covered the mouth of the phone and tipped her chin up to shout for her sister. Prim came barreling down the hallway at her summons. "Phone," Katniss said innocently, extending the handset to her. Her sister was skeptical, and reached for the offered telephone as if it were a dangerous weapon. "Hello?" she said. Immediately, her round cheeks deflated, and her face formed into the scowl that was the only proof the two girls were actually related. Prim's eyebrows knotted together as she listened to Effie talk her ear off, never bothering to try to get a word in, because when Effie spoke, to her, it was as if no one else was there. Then, suddenly, there was the smallest quiver at the corner of Prim's lips, the one she made when things were going to go her way, as they so often did. "Oh no, Miss Trinket, I'm only 14, I'm not allowed to work past 6PM." Effie began speaking again and Prim twisted from side to side on her planted feet. Her eyes locked with Katniss's, and a grin lit up her face. "Katniss can. She's 18 now. She doesn't have any work restrictions." Katniss snapped her book shut and gaped at her sister indignantly. She loved the girl, but in this moment, she was ready to rip every honey blond hair from her little sister's head. "It's for you," Prim said sweetly, handing the phone back to Katniss. Half an hour later, Katniss was struggling to get her car into gear from the curb outside their house. It had snowed the night before, and most of that had melted only to refreeze into a thick sheet of ice in the morning. Of course Katniss had parked on the wrong side of the hill, behind the growing peak of snow left from the plow. The mountain was taller than she was now, and probably would remain, to some extent, well through the spring. Rocking her body in the driver's seat, Katniss finally got the momentum to push her car into first gear, and her car rolled forward, clipping the snow pile with her front bumper along the way. When she pulled into the side lot for the convenience store, she drove around back to park alongside the dumpster, where her colleagues sparkling new Jetta was already waiting. She had never hated a car so much in her life. And even more, she hated that someone who drove such a car would insult the working class by pretending that the wadge he earned was for anything other than buying Dockers or Orange Julius or whatever preppy kids wasted their money on. She pushed the manual lock into place on the driver's side door and then slammed it shut with a loud creak. Cap-it-and-Go was nested within the merchant district of Panem between a gas station, The Seam — which was a stupid name because cars didn't run on coal, and a specialty soup shop called Sae's. The highway that ran through town spilled into this intersection at exit 12, drawing mostly out of town passersby in search of a somewhat sanitary bathroom and a 46 oz soda. There were also the goons from their high school in search of their Friday night six pack, because Cap-it-and-Go was notoriously lax on their carding policy. Katniss hated those guys. She rounded the building and opened the front door, causing the bells above the frame to jingle. Peeta Mellark was sitting behind the cash register with his feet poised on the counter and a newspaper spread in his lap. His blue eyes flitted at her curiously from behind his hipster looking glasses. Katniss bet Peeta didn't even need glasses, and that he only wore them so people would value his opinion when he paraphrased the article he was currently reading from the World News section. Peeta was definitely the type. "Hey," he said, smiling cheerfully at her. "I didn't see your name on the schedule for today." She pulled off her winter coat and dropped it on the hook along the wall behind the counter. "I was volunteered," she said. She pulled out the chair next to him and rolled it to the far side of the counter, sinking down with a petulant huff. "You working the double?" he said, grimacing sympathetically. "Till midnight," she said, disinterested in continuing the conversation. She reached over the register and grabbed a pack of gum, which she ripped open to retrieve a stick. "Me too." She forced a smile, but only managed an annoyed flashing of her teeth. "Great," she intoned, before popping the gum into her mouth. They were quiet for a while, just the shuffling of Peeta's newspaper as he turned the pages. When he reached the end, he folded it back to the original creases and returned it to the news stand. "So," he said. "How's your vacation going?" There was a patch beneath the counter where workers had began to coat the surface with the foil from their gum wrappers. Katniss was picking at the corner of hers, to remove it from the waxy paper, but she couldn't concentrate with Peeta talking to her. It ripped, leaving only a tiny piece on the tip of her thumb. "It could have been better," she said flatly, hoping he would soon get the hint that she didn't feel like talking. Reaching under the counter, she pressed the piece of foil onto the growing mural. "Did you get all of your college applications in?" "No," she said. "Why not?" "What's the point?" she snapped, ripping another corner of foil from the wrapper. "There are plenty of skills you can learn outside of the classroom, and they pay you to learn them too." Peeta nodded thoughtfully, as if he were genuinely considering her tirade, even though she was purposely trying to piss him off. He was insufferable. "That's why I'm looking at schools that do co-ops," he said. "It's half learning, half working, so you sort of make the money back." "I bet," she said, smoothing her finger over her foil masterpiece. "Yeah, I applied for early admission to Carnegie Mellon." Her thumb jerked abruptly, causing her nail to dig up a strip of foil from the underside of the table. CMU was on the other side of Pittsburgh, not too far from Panem. Less than a 20 minute drive. In fact, a lot of houses in her neighborhood were rented by upperclassmen and grad students from the school. "You won't even have to look for a job," she said dryly. "You can just co-op here!" "Only if I'm majoring in low level mathematics and execution of boredom." Katniss smiled at this, then quickly looked away. A few hours later, Katniss was sitting behind the register while Peeta was stocking the shelves in the chip aisle. He paused, mid motion, a bag of chips clenched in his hands. "You ever notice all the prices end in 9?" he said curiously. "Damn that's eerie." "It's marketing psychology," Katniss said without missing a beat. "People are too dumb to see the difference of a penny. Even worse, gas prices are rounded to the millicent." Peeta narrowed his eyes. "Is that even a thing?" Katniss pointed out the window to where they could see the prices off The Seam station's roadside sign. Peeta stepped behind the counter and leaned over her chair to peer out the window. "No shit," he said, when he spotted the small nine tacked onto the end of the number. She couldn't help but glance up at him, with his body hovering over hers the way that it was. She sat rigidly, to prevent herself from accidentally brushing against him, but then he turned ever so slightly, enough to wash the spicy scent of cinnamon beneath her nostrils. Dropping her gaze to her lap, she bit her lower lip between her teeth. She was not attracted to Peeta Mellark. There weren't many customers throughout the afternoon, but business picked up around 5 o'clock, when most were getting off of work and wanted to stop in for a carton of cigarettes or a case of beer to blow off some steam. Katniss hated this time of night because it was also when high schoolers tried to sneak into the rush of customers to attain contraband they weren't allowed to purchase. Mark Cato was always one of those guys. He was taller than anyone else in their class, and his broad muscular chest was largely due to steroids, Katniss was convinced. If anyone else were behind the counter, they'd surely sell to this guy, because he looked to be a minimum of 23 years old. But Katniss knew better, and she wasn't going to play his game. "Hey Pete," Cato said, nodding cordially at him. They weren't good friends, but Katniss had seen them hanging around the same groups at school. "The Popular Crowd" — ie, the rich kids, they'd be categorized as. Once you had a membership into those ranks, it didn't matter how much you had in common with