Given the chance I would never have moved to Forks in the first place. It wasn't exactly my favourite place in the whole world. It was always damp up there, and the constant moisture in the atmosphere played havoc with my hair. Plus you never knew what to wear. I mean come on, was it going to rain, or was it just going to stay foggy all day? Nobody knew. I had been visiting ever since I was a kid, since my mom left my dad and ran off to live somewhere less damp. My dad, Charlie, had never really recovered from that one, spending a long time as a spinster. Oh he met someone eventually, but we'll get to that shortly. Phoenix was a completely different living proposition, warm most of the time, sunny most of the time, you know, before I made the decision to move I never even owned a jacket never mind a poncho or waterproof coat. The high school had been clean and modern, the university large and scholarly, and the office where I had worked the last four years, well it was work but not the most terrible of jobs. But now it was all over. Rene, my mom had tried to talk me out of leaving, but I didn't really have much of a choice. I had to go. Charlie had been texting me a lot lately, which said a lot because I knew how much he hated using his phone. A few years ago he had followed in mom's footsteps and remarried. But recently it had collapsed, and she had left him. His texts were manly, yes, but filled with pain, so I decided he needed some kind of family around him. Getting a new job in Forks was easy. There was an Electrical contracting firm always hiring, and Charlie pulled a few strings to get me an online interview. That was easy enough, and they offered me the job right then. It was a bit of a pay cut, but I figured I would be living less expensively up there anyway. I remembered my childhood visits to spend the summer with Charlie, and the fact that there was very little to do or even spend money on. As I went through security at the gate I kissed mom goodbye, promising to call, text and email as often as I could. She was tearful, as you would expect. "It's not too late, you could stay..." She said, cheeks stained with tears. "No mom, I made up my mind, I have to do this." "Take care of him then, he acts strong, but he's fragile, you know?" "Ok mom, no worries." I gave her a hug and a kiss and off I went, through the door that would lead to a completely new life. If only I could have know how different it would really be. What can I say about the journey? Well it was pretty dull. When I was a teenager I had avoided making the trip where possible, and as a college student I had actually driven up once. It was a crazy two day road trip, and my beat up old station wagon nearly gave up on me on the way home. It was evening when I finally collected my bags at the airport and walked into the arrivals hall in Port Angeles. There he was, in his police chief uniform, waiting to pick me up. He smiled. I figured I must look an absolute wreck after that trip, my hair was all over the place, makeup smudged and worn off. And we still had over an hour in the car. He was quiet and awkward in the car, my cases filling the back of the police cruiser. Why did he collect me in that? Surely he could have borrowed something more suitable. Anyway, the drive seemed long, and dark. And fortunately the radio broke the silence nicely with golden oldies. Neither of us were great conversationalists, so sitting in silence was probably the best option. And there is was. The same old house from my childhood. The one I had crashed at as a student. Holy crap, let's do this. We hauled my stuff inside and he showed me to my room. It had been gutted since I was a kid, my unannounced college road trip had seen me sleep on the couch because my room was full of boxes. Now it was empty save a bed and a desk. I could live with that. The more challenging aspect would be the bathroom situation, but I figured I would worry about that later. I really needed to get my own place, but I figured I should see how the job went first. It was getting late when I finally finished unpacking. The closet was crammed and stuff was in neat piles all around the room. After a quick shower I was ready for bed. The great thing about Charlie was that he wasn't the type to linger. He had shown me up here, reminded me how the shower worked and got himself the heck out of dodge. By which I mean he settled in front of the TV watching the game. I popped my head into the lounge to see he was fully engrossed in the action, beer can gripped tightly. "Ok dad, I'm off to bed, see you tomorrow." I said with a little sigh. "Ok Bella," he turned his attention to me, then snapped his head back as the commentator howled about something amazing. He returned his gaze, a little shamefully. "I'll be gone when you get up, so good luck, and have a great day." "Thanks dad." "Oh and Bella..." he paused, looking thoughtful. "Thanks for this, I really appreciate it." "No problem dad." I went back upstairs and slipped into bed. I wish I could say I slept well after the tiring day of travel, but I would be lying. There was a constant patter of rain, and a low howl of wind. Great. this was really setting me up well for my first day of work. Why did I travel on the Sunday when I could have travelled on the Saturday and had all day to recover? Ah well, too late for that now. I'm sure I nodded off eventually, but it took a long time. The rain kept changing from pitter patter to whooshing to hammering to back again. And that was not conductive to sleep. But I knew I had gotten off because the alarm scared the hell out of me. I rolled out of bed and went to the bathroom. Sure enough, the house was silent, and the cruiser was nowhere to be seen. There was a battered old truck on the drive though, which I assumed was a project Charlie was working on or something. My work clothes were comfortable, pants, blazer and blouse. I kept it low key with the hair and makeup too, no need bringing too much attention to myself. In the kitchen I poured myself a bowl of cereal and sat at the table where I found a note from Charlie. Hi Bella, good luck today. I forgot to tell you last night, I figured you might need some transport so I got you a car. Well, ok, it's a truck. Billy Black sold it me very cheap, said his boy refurbished it. Anyway, it runs fine, so don't worry about the bus. I don't know how we didn't notice it last night. Must have been dark. Love Charlie Ok, well that was two mysteries solved. First, the rusting hulk on the drive was apparently mine. And it would go so well with my outfit. Second, I had just figured out how I was getting to work. I finished up my breakfast and cleaned the bowl, then picked up my bag and brand new jacket on my way out the door. The truck was not only huge, it was the colour of rust. I assumed this was because it was mostly made up of rust. It fired up first time, and almost deafened me. The way it shook I wondered how in the world it didn't shake itself apart. But it seemed to work ok, and it was mine, and that was great. I held back a tear. All I needed right now was to need to fix my mascara. I had brought my sat nav with me from Phoenix, but I probably could have found the place without it. Forks wasn't exactly a sprawling metropolis. My route took me down high street which wasn't exactly teeming with life, past the high school, and a short way up the road past the last house to the north of town. I pulled the truck into the paved courtyard which been alerted to me by the large sign that read 'Forks Electrical Contracting' it was a large open courtyard with a few empty spaces. I parked in one of the visitors spaces figuring my first day was my only chance to do so. Then I collected myself, grabbed my handbag and headed for the door marked 'Reception'. It was a fairly old looking set of buildings, maybe twenty or thirty years? They actually all looked like they could have been built in different eras. Reception was nice though, shiny glass surfaces and pictures on the walls of what I assumed were the high profile jobs the company had carried out. Hmm, fascinating. A nice lady was sitting behind the reception desk wearing a big smile. I walked up to the desk and laid my handbag down. She seemed fully aware of who I was though. "Oh hey, you must be Isabella Swan, our new girl?" She beamed at me. Oh great, I was going to be the new celebrity in town? That I could live without. "That's me. Call me Bella." said, not quite through gritted teeth. "Ok honey, let me call Esme for you. Take a seat." I perched myself on the edge of a large leather chair opposite the desk. The receptionist tried very hard to look busy, but I could feel her looking at me. It was quite unsettling. Then a young man came around the corner, tall, glasses, dark hair slicked back. He was apparently still recovering from teenage acne. Poor guy. "Hey, Isabella?" He asked, gesturing for me to follow. "Call me Bella." Yeah this was going to be tedious. "So you moved here from Phoenix? Leaving all that sun must be hard?" But still you bring it up. "It was a difficult choice, but here I am." I followed him through a small rabbit warren of office, feeling eyes upon me as I passed through each room. It was going to be a long day. Eventually we reached a medium sized meeting room with a large TV on the wall. He gestured for me to take a seat. "Ok, watch this short film, and I'm sure Esme will be with you shortly." He said, pushing play on a remote. I'm not going to lie, the film was tedious. Lots of obvious stuff about what to do in case of emergency and all that. Towards the end I could feel my eyelids getting heavy, so I was relived when the door opened and in walked the lady I knew from my video interview. "Bella, how are you?" Esme asked, stepping forward to shake my hand. "Great to finally meet you. Did you have a good trip?" She was very beautiful, in her late thirties maybe early forties. She was well dressed too, very classy. But the thing I noticed that hadn't come across online was how pale she was. "You too. Yes thank you, it was very long." I answered, letting her take the lead. "Well, hopefully you can settle in nice and fast. Let's get you a tour shall we?" She leaned out of the room and called a girl named