Legolas' Lament Disclaimer: This all belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien Rating: K+ for some very mild swearing, and some adult themes A/N: This was written for the Julie_Fianna Archives Challenge #13, the prompt was Autumn Solstice, which was to be no greater than 10,000 words, and a story constructed about the elves of Middle Earth. The parameters of the challenge were to involve a party setting for the elves of Lothlorien, gathering for a surprise party on the Autumn Solstice for an elf named Eladun and his kin, who is of half-elf, half-gypsy descent. There was to be a party that would be unforgettable, and I do believe that though it took me awhile to get around to my point, I did fulfill my challenge. We could use any elf, or make one up. Word count: 7,074 Status: Complete Warnings: AU, Legolas, bad use of elftense(sorry, like ellon, ellith, elleth I just called them all elves) He was bereft,rudderless. He supposed they all were after the Ringwar, they even had a name for it. That feeling you get when you first return to real life and nothing is as bright as it should be. Adventurer's Bane. They all struggled with it, but eventually they managed to settle down into life, one by one. It took some of them longer than others, but then, the scars ran far deeper for those. Eventually, they all found peaceful lives. Except, of course, Frodo. He knew what it felt like. He knew the feeling in the gut, like a twist of the blade. Legolas should have departed then, and not listened to Aragorn. What did men know of the minds and feelings of elves? Having lived among them, even for many years, did not make him one, Legolas thought bitterly. Yes, he should have listened to his instinct and taken the last ship to Valinor, and not be left with the grief he had now to face. It was worse than any sea longing. In truth, he was ready to fade. Legolas wrapped his cloak around him and settled himself against the crag in the rock so that he may look more easily up into the stars and let his mind drift free. It seemed as though he did this more often now these days, let his mind become unmoored from the present and roam where it would. Usually it settled back to the days of old. This was not helpful or healthy, but Legolas was beyond caring. What was left to care about, after all? Tonight his thoughts turned to the days after Aragorn was crowned King. The days were golden and full of splendor. Even though there was work enough in the world of men to last a lifetime, the hearts of many were joyous enough to bear the burden, and it seemed as though the skies had finally cleared after a long storm. Finally the sun shone upon the land. Aragorn was married. People rejoiced in their king and his queen. Things were right in the world at last, and things were as they should be. Though marked by the struggle of their Quest, the members of the fellowship found their peace in their own ways, the horror never leaving, but finally fading over time. Legolas left the White City and went back to Mirkwood, the realm of the forest people from whence he came. He was a prince in his own right, and the Quest had been meant to strengthen his fortitude and bearing so that he may be ready to bear the burden of the rule when it was passed to him. He found himself changed, indeed, but perhaps not in the ways that his father, Thranduil, had intended. The forests of Mirkwood were far removed and remote, and Legolas found himself wishing for the kinship of the men with whom he had bonded. He had known Aragorn previously, and going on this Quest had only made the fondness and respect for the man grow in his heart. Although Legolas did not want to repudiate his claim on the throne, he wanted to learn more about the world of men and the way that they did things and accomplished things, so different from the aloof and distant way of elves. This was a new era, and he wanted to be a part of it. Thranduil was not happy to hear that his youngest son wanted to live amongst men, but Legolas was a changed elf after the war. Anyone could see it. He was silent, and commanding, where before he had been rash and prone to impulse. In the end, Legolas left to live in Minas Tirith and serve the King in any way he could. Legolas smiled at the memory, briefly distracted by the thought of defying his father that day. It had been a first, but not the last. He had enjoyed his years living in Minas Tirith more than any other time of his life, becoming an ambassador, the years flowing past like water. He never thought that he would like government, or that he would find acquaintances in the foreign city of men, but that was, indeed, the case. He was useful, for once. He had friends. Many friends. And he had been foolish in his dreaming, become forgetful, and careless with himself. He was no better than a callow young elf, deserving of what was to come. His smile dimmed and faded, like the stars in the face of the coming dawn. Bliss cannot last forever, and Legolas knew that as well the next elf. He had allowed himself to be deceived, however, because the days following the Ringwar were so busy. Then they were important. Then he was blind to the fact that had been staring him in the face for many years. He thought that somehow, they deserved better. Alas, time waits for no man. It may pause for elves, but it waits not for men. Therein lies the problem. Legolas pulled back his lips in a grimace at the first time he realized Aragorn was sick. He was not in his usual place at the breakfast table. Legolas didn't need to eat, of course, but the three of them usually did, anyway, and it was the best part of the day. Legolas strode in, and when he saw the chair empty, his eyes cut questioningly to Arwen. He remembered the pity on her face, even now. "Legolas. He is not well." Her blue eyes were full of pain, but her voice was calm, as always. Legolas felt an immediate hatred flare in his breast, and tried to quell it. That surprised him, as he had always been very fond of Arwen. Next he felt panic. How long had Aragorn been ill? It must be bad; he rarely missed anything because of a cold. "What is wrong? Nothing serious, I hope?" He tried to match his voice to hers, polite and unconcerned. Arwen studied him. "Oh, Legolas," she finally answered, pity showing on her flawless face. "You must surely know. You are aware? Of how...unwell...Aragorn has been, of late?" Legolas could not help keeping the startled look off of his features. "Aragorn? Ill? Well, yes, now that you mention it, I suppose he has been looking rather haggard." His eyebrows drew together. "He must take a rest. He works too hard, I always tell him that. He must allow me to handle the next summit-" "Legolas," Arwen approached him, laying her hand upon his arm, in a gesture that was so simple, it made him afraid. His heart was beating. He did not want to hear this. This could not be good, the way that she was looking at him. There was a roar in his ears, as if he could hear the tides of the ocean rushing towards him, and he felt himself swaying, the whole world stopping. The moment became surreal; her lips were moving, and he had a childish impulse to cover his ears and block out her words, as if by not hearing, he could belay the truth in them. He could not bear this, this feeling that was from the world of men. He didn't want to. He turned on his heel to forestall the...whatever it was that he wanted to forestall that he could not bear to hear. The hand on his arm prevented him, and he looked into blue eyes brimming with tears. "...did you hear me, Legolas? He is so very old now. Too old. Surely you have noticed that. He is nearly 190 years old now." Her words hit Legolas with all the scald of a fire, and he sucked the air in through his teeth like a drowning man would, the truth of it manifest before him like it never had been. How had he not seen the silver hair, the stooped back, the gnarled limbs? How, how had the plain thing before him remained so hidden? Yes, the others had fallen, years back. Eomer, Faramir. They had succumbed to various ailments like a candle snuffed in the breeze. Legolas had felt the pain like a razor across his flesh, a sharp sting that he pushed aside, deep in the recesses of his heart. Now all was laid bare, and there was no more veil to hide behind. "...I do not think he will rise again, my dear friend. He had an attack last night, and though he still breathes, I believe this is the last sun he will see rise. Have you prepared yourself? He bade me tell you. Will you see him?" Arwen looked up at him, to gauge the effect of her words. In truth, Legolas felt as though he was floating somewhere above himself. It was only because of the shock of it all that he got through the hardest days of his life, the passing of his best friend in all the world. Legolas was there as Aragorn, King of all that was good and beautiful and right in Middle Earth, took his last breath and died in his sleep. It was the most humbling moment he had ever borne witness to, and it was nearly his undoing. It seemed wrong, somehow, that there was not more ceremony, or fanfare, that the greatest presence that Legolas had been privileged to know just...slipped away. All of the cliches were both true, and not. One moment he was here, the next he was just a husk, an empty shell. This was true. Legolas had seen it happen. There was no ball of light, nothing spectacular, and yet it was as if a mystery of life had occurred that had changed him forever. It was grander, far grander than anything that Legolas had seen or done, and he was humbled beyond being able to express it. And yet, it was just a death, like any other, and his friend was gone from the earth, as easily as if he had fallen asleep, or swallowed a drink of water. The world went on. Life went on. People went on being. The unfairness of it all was so sickening, it choked him. Legolas stayed for the burial, the coronation of Eldarion, and the celebration. It was clear from talking to Arwen that although she was grieving, she had accepted this fate and this path many years ago. She would need much time, many years, to come to terms with her great loss. She would prevail, though, in the end, over the specter of death, because she had life, her son, and because she had prepared for this. She would age gracefully, if slowly, and join her husband in whatever halls he now dwelled. Until then, she would find her place here. Legolas had to leave. He was surrounded by memories, each one more painful than the last. Everywhere he went, he saw happy times turned to dust. He saw his loved ones bones, long rotting. The mistake he had made in residing with