I do not own anything other than the ideas in my stories with some influence of my life and the stories I've read. To all I thank you. I have read the Harry Potter series numerous times as well as watched the movies. All I have enjoyed from one aspect to another. This is my very first story and has taken me a long time to get to this point. Suggestions are appreciated. Some of the languages will not be used until much later in the story. I do all my own editing so please give me a bone once in a while so it doesn't hurt when you are trying to read my horrible thoughts. Goblin spoken French spoken Beast spoken Scottish Brogue { } personal thoughts Do I have to go back "Mum I hate it at Hogwarts." Dora fumed, "I don't have any friends everyone wants something from me." "Oh Nymphadora," her Mum chastised "it's not as bad as that it was only your first year." "Everyone has growing pains, was it all bad?" asked Andromeda. "No Mum" Nymphadora stated, "the first couple months were great it's just when the DADA professor started asking questions about magical creatures I started to get a little nervous." "Nymphadora why would you be worried about anything?" Andromeda chuckled. "Its not funny Mum Im the only Metamorph at Hogwarts and I believe only one other in all of the Uk and he's 115 years old and batty. Besides the students at school loved taking the mickey out of me!" Dora Groused heatedly. "He then started talking about veela, werewolves and half giants like Hagrid and them not having the same rights as "normal witches and wizards."",Dora huffed. One weekend the students in Hufflepuff had a mixer to try and have some fun and blow off some steam. Several of them were good at casting gag spells, some made silly sounds that seemed to come from other people or not so nice places. "All was great until I thought I would make a face." Dora frowned. "What happened Dora" her Mum asked "Well Mum" Dora said "The first couple transformations everyone was laughing so hard, a couple had to make a run for the loo. Then people started to make requests nothing happened until someone asked me to look like Professor Sprout". "They saw I could look exactly like her. I was able to copy every detail even walk like her".Dora stated "Oh my Nymphadora did someone tell her and you get in trouble". Asked Andromeda "Yes and no Mum someone did tell her and Prof. Sprout said she wanted to see what I did and she was over the moon". Dora smiled as she told her Mum" She thought it was great and that imitation was the sincerest form of flattery. Professor Sprout told me afterward not to become malicious with it and I promised wouldn't." "All went along well and people would holler out requests in between classes." Dora sighed. As Dora walked the halls between classes assorted students called out to her to make all sorts of faces the most popular ones happen to be monkey faces or pig snouts I would do them and all sorts of other things. "One day I was asked if I could look like a muggle clown and so I did."Dora giggled at the thought. It had been a long time after the clown faces everyone appeared to have their fill of the shape shifter and everyone quit requesting different faces. Dora felt like things were finally calming down and would be normal. It had been a few months when her life took a drastic change for the worse. "Mum I was talking with a couple older boys from another house and they asked me if I could still transform. I told them that I could still transform that was my fault I should have lied and I would have been better off."Nymphadora sighed. Nymphadora's life took on a different look, older students and the more popular boys started making requests, to have her hair look platinum blond or longer or even shorter. Then the boys started smiling at the new PIN-UP Girl, she could look like famous people. People mostly boys began asking her to look like the Quidditch players from the Holly head Harpies you know Mum the all girls team. After numerous cessions of doing look a likes of the most popular players. The boys started taking pictures of Dora as the players and them kissing her. Some of the older students were emboldened to grab her bum and dip her while having the pictures taken. "I enjoyed changing my looks and I enjoyed the attention. I didn't see any problems doing it". Dora Huffed "Oh Nymphadora you should never have done that".her Mum Chastised " Done what? We were having fun or at least I thought it was." Dora questioned "The Holly-head Harpies will not enjoy their lookalike bodies being groped by a bunch of teenagers and they didn't get a quid for the picture." Her Mum stated. "Mum A few days later a boy from Ravensclaw started being nice to me and started talking to me and spending a lot of time with me." Dora cooed "He acted really nice to me and he was always complimenting me on everything. He even told me I was the nicest girl he ever met." Dora mumbled. "Dora smiled while telling her Mum one day the young man asked her to be his girlfriend. I really thought he liked me. We had gotten to the point of kissing and I really liked that."Nymphadora giggled "I really liked him as well. We weren't going too far. Besides snogging was fun, along with snuggling on the couch in front of the Hufflepuff fire in the common room, the Huff guys and girls did that. Besides it made me feel like I belonged."Nymphadora sighed thinking of the feelings running through her body. "The problem was when he wanted to do more than I wanted to do at that time. Maybe if he gave me a bit more time I might have, but he was way too pushy I'm still just a first year". Nymphadora Huffed "Mum I need to tell you some stuff that you may not want to hear. He then started saying that I could look any way I wanted and he wanted me to look a lot older than I wanted me to grow my boobs to the size he liked and make my bum bigger so he could grab it while we snogged. At first I did because I liked him and he made me feel special. At first I liked the feel of him grabbing me and holding me tight against him it was great then he started to pull on my clothes like he was trying to sneak a peek."Nymphadora spoke dis-quietly. "I slapped his hands and said none of that Im still just a first year. He then apologized and said he was sorry that he just got too worked up. After we had been going together, I started to see people look at me and make faces. Some boys looked really strangely at me. I don't know how to describe it. They had this look if they were dreaming almost." Nymphadora stated looking down at the ground. "Darling this is important have you done anything else other than kiss?"Andromeda questioned "Not with him" Nymphadora cried. "You mean you did other things, like what Dora?" her Mum chided. "No Mum I know better than that, and that's when the problems started. I had come up and everyone was dressing up and I transformed into a celebrity and all the boys wanted to get pictures with me." Nymphadora stated sounding excited. "I looked like Farrah Fawcett I remembered she was popular back in the day. I looked exactly like her and everyone was shocked. While I was at the party a lot of boys started noticing me and tried to hold me close and some even tried to kiss me. I finally had enough and ran out of the great hall." Nymphadora cried with tears running down her face. Nymphadora darling did you speak to any of the teachers?"Yes all the wrong ones it seems."Nymphadora whimpered. "Prof. Snape told me I was wrong to look like a muggle. He said I was working up the older students meaning the boys and he didn't appreciate it. McGonagall said I shouldn't tease the older boys with my abilities. Lastly Professor Twitch the muggle studies teacher said I was asking for what I got, and should have gotten even more and she called me a tart for what I was doing and I deserved everything I was getting. Oh it was horrible."Nymphadora cried into her hands. "Mum I quit transforming and I told everyone I lost my ability. Nobody believed me and some even said if I didn't change for them into other people that they would get me in trouble anyways. Once Christmas came around everything calmed a bit. People still leered at me and made nasty comments The girls were the absolute worst. My best friend quit hanging around with me she said I was too strange."Nymphadora sobbed and looked into her Mums emotionless eyes. "Girls in my grade have ruined my school work before I had a chance to turn them in. Older girls would speak loud enough so I could hear them and say the most hurtful things. They said I deserved everything I got and worse. Some of them started calling me a slag and said because of me, their boyfriends expected them to snog them all the time and expected them to shag. I feel like everyone hates me or wants something from me. Oh Mum I just don't want to go back. Can't I go somewhere else any place would be better than there?"Nymphadora cried and prayed that she saw understanding in her Mums eyes. "I'm sorry darling I've already paid for this coming year. I wish you had told me all this sooner instead of waiting."Her Mum commented. "But, Mum I did tell you I sent several letters by owl. I used a school owl to be exact."Nymphadora crying even harder. "Darling I never received them. If I had we wouldn't be having this conversation now. I'll talk to the Head Master and see what can be done."Her Mum stated firmly. Nymphadora why don't you take care of your trunk you still need to get things ready whether you are returning to Hogwarts or going to another one. As Dora went to her room she had the worst feeling that she was going to have to return to the school she hated and have to face her worst nightmare. Dora had sorted and resorted her trunk looking through all her clothes. {Dora thought to herself What should I do could do to make things different? Maybe I should just be myself and ignore what everyone has to say. I just want to be myself for once and not what everyone else wants?} It had been a while going through all her school supplies and she heard her mum call for her. Dora had pent up emotions oh please oh please oh please she hoped as she went down the stairs. "Darling I spoke to the Head master and he said that if it had been all that bad you should have come to him. Since you didn't it must not have been all that bad and that maybe you even enjoyed it." Andromeda looked coolly at her daughter. "Nymphadora Aphrodite Tonks is that true?" Andromeda stared. "Are you out of your bloody mind? Mum everyone kept me from talking to any teachers after the first time I spoke up. One boy said if I said anything he would shag me rotten and throw my used body away where no one would find me!"