Never Forget For peetape Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump. Cato timed it perfectly so his head bumped against the wall in sync with the headboard in the next room. Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump. The first time it was amusing. The second it was still novel. The third a little annoying. The fourth repetitive. Fifth goddamn irritating. But this was now the sixth time, and Cato was practically giving himself a concussion. If he stopped and listened hard enough, he would be able to make out pleasured moans and soft gasps. Why couldn't they just go to Marvel's place instead of here? The question still eluded him. He was one more bump away from losing his mind. Maybe, if he smacked his forehead against the wall hard enough, he could knock himself out and he wouldn't have to listen to it anymore. Cato's room-mate, Peeta, had been dating Marvel for a few months now. They had an annoyingly active sex life, which took place in their apartment at least three quarters of the time they do it. It wasn't that Cato didn't like Marvel, he just . . . didn't care for him. Peeta deserved better than some cheap shot who gives Burger King vouchers for Valentine's Day and had a long list of unsuccessful relationships with other guys. What Peeta saw in the guy was a mystery to Cato. Eventually, the headboard bumping died down. Cato was thankful, letting his head fall back onto the pillow again. An ache was beginning to stretch across the circumference of his brain, taking hold and wrangling it to the point of excruciating pain. He could hear murmurs in the other room, after-sex conversation probably, but at least it wasn't as announciated as the headboard of Peeta's bed was. Thankfully, sleep eventually found him. Cato woke up to screaming. It took a while for things began to process in his brain, to break through the abyss of sleep and wake, but when he did, he recognized the voice as Peeta's. He sat up, rubbing his eyes tiredly, and opened the door just in time for him to catch Marvel slamming the door shut behind him. Cato was about to step out of the room when Peeta stormed past, almost knocking him over, and threw the door open. "Hey asshole, you forgot your mobile!" he yelled, chucking what looked like an expensive iphone down the hall at Marvel. Cato winced when he heard a distinctive smash of the impact of the technology against what sounded like a wall. Peeta stormed back in and slammed the door shut again, his features calm but his attitude smouldering. Cato followed him into the kitchen, still trying to clear his head from the odd wake-up call he'd just received. "Do I want to know?" he asked. His room-mate shook his head in disgust, yanking the fridge door open and pulling out a carton of orange juice. Cato winced as he slammed it onto the kitchen islet, expecting the thing to crumple or rip open. "You might as well, since you were right about the dickhead all along," Peeta said. "Well, what happened?" Cato sat down on one of the stools by the islet, resting his elbow on it and propping his chin on his hand. Peeta slammed two glasses down onto the bench, the sound of the glass making impact with the marble making Cato jump a little. Angry Peeta was someone you didn't want to cross, especially tired angry Peeta. Cato frowned and glanced at the clock. What time was it anyway? Six in the morning. Wow. Some serious shit must have went down. "I woke up this morning," Peeta began to explain, tearing the lid off the orange carton and chucking it behind him, "expecting to see Marvel beside me. Instead, I find him sitting at my desk, texting some other guy." Despite the fact he didn't care for the guy, Cato couldn't see what was wrong with this. "Are you sure it wasn't just a misunderstanding?" he asked. Peeta glared at him with a stare that made him wish to retract his statement. "He was spending whoever the hell it was nude pictures of me, Cato," he said in a low voice. Oh. Alright, that was bad. Peeta shook his head, pushing one of the two glasses towards Cato. Some of the orange juice spilled over the lip of the glass, splattering the counter. "I don't even care," he muttered. "I don't know why I ever gave a damn about him in the first place. It's ridiculous. I mean, the sex was good but that doesn't give the foundation for a healthy relationship now, does it? I don't know why it took me so long to figure that out." "It's okay, Peeta," said Cato. "Marvel's a moron. If he didn't know how to respect you then he doesn't deserve to have you." The younger of the two laughed, downing the orange juice in one and slamming the glass back down on the counter. Cato tried not to let the fact that Peeta didn't believe him when discussing things such as this, when he tried to tell him how good a guy he was. Maybe it was just in his nature not to see when someone was sending him subliminal messages. It made sense, since he had only been able to tell that Marvel liked him because the guy had be upfront and blunt about it. Naviety was one of Peeta's most discerning traits. And most annoying. Since, ever since they had started sharing the apartment, Peeta had been incapable of seeing the obvious. The obvious being that Cato liked him. And not just the casual 'like', as in the playground like like. Meaning that if it hadn't been for his relationship with Marvel, Cato would have asked Peeta out long ago. "I'm done with men," Peeta muttered, sitting across from Cato at the islet. "You've only been in a relationship with one person," said Cato carefully. "And it was enough to last me a life time," Peeta answered. He drew patterns in the spilled juice, staring at the islet with a fixated frown. "I'm better off being a single pringle." Despite the situation, Cato snickered. "Single pringle," he repeated. "Right." Peeta smiled. His finger still drifted lazily through the orange juice. "In any other situation I'd say single pringle ready to mingle but now I'm not so sure. I doubt it matters any more," he muttered. Well, it does, if you could just see that Marvel wasn't the only one interested. Cato sighed and grabbed a tea towel, swiping it across the islet to clean up the orange juice. "I never liked him anyway," he said. This made Peeta laugh. Cato loved the sound, it was like elegant music. "I'm sorry, honestly I am, I doubt it's been much fun for you. I only noticed this morning how the headboard rattles against the wall." Cato waved him off dismissively. Even though his head still hurt from banging it against the wall to drive out the sound of that infernal headboard, Cato would never tell Peeta that it had bothered him. If Marvel had have confronted him about it, he would have had no bother saying that it was annoying. But Peeta? He'd never do it. He cared too much about him to do that. A few days later, Peeta decided to get rid of any and every thing that belonged to or was given to him by Marvel. It was an impulsive decision but one he was sticking too. Cato helped, deciding that it was better than just standing by and watching. He held the black bag while his room-mate ranted about each and every item he chucked. "That bear was bought as an I'm sorry gift when I caught him looking at nude pictures of his old boyfriend," Peeta said, throwing a tatty teddy into the black bag. "I should have predicted it, I should have seen it coming. Inside I fell into his arms again like the crazy tit I am." "Aw, come on, you're not a tit," said Cato. Peeta rolled his eyes and threw a paper weight into the bag. It smashed on impact with the bottom and Peeta grinned in satisfaction. "Paper weight, because apparently my room was too messy for his liking and I should keep my papers in order," he said. Cato rolled his eyes. Marvel had always been an arrogant prick. Peeta gathered a bunch of photographs into his arms and dumped them all as well, the pictures sliding down the junk in the bag and gathering at the bottom. One stayed balanced ontop of the tatty teddy's head. Marvel was in the picture but that wasn't what captured Cato's attention. It was Peeta standing beside him, captured mid-laugh. Marvel's arm was around his waist, the touch causing a deep blush to stain Peeta's cheeks. He was smiling, looking beautiful as ever, blue eyes alight with that curious gleam they always have. Cato reached int the bag and swiped the photo off the teddy so it was added to the pile of others. Peeta threw more things into the bag, ranting with increasing passion. Cato watched avidly, as every item fell broke or fell apart on impact. "Why was Marvel even sending nude pictures of you to some guy anyway?" Peeta laughed. It was dry, like stones being ground together. "Oh, you mean his reasoning? His reasoning was rich. He told me that it was some guy he met on Greg's list or something who wanted to know what I looked like." "Why would he care what you looked like?" asked Cato. Peeta shook his head, disgusted. "Hell if I know. I didn't give him a chance to explain before I kicked him out. God, I can't believe I didn't see this coming. I'm such an idiot." He turned around and punched the wall, making everything rattle in the room. The shelves that were built to hover above Peeta's desk shook, the nails coming loose. Cato just remembered that he had to tighten the screws as they fell out completely and the shelves fell off the wall. From the very top shelf, along with everything else that had sat ontop, a trophy slid off the wood and fell. The trophy dropped directly ontop of Peeta's head, landing with a very loud thump. Cato's eyes widened as the trophy landed on the floor. "Oh my god, are you okay?!" Peeta lifted his hand to touch the back of his head. He winced and when he pulled his hand back, it was coated in blood. Cato felt sick. He stepped forward, unsure about what to do exactly. Peeta's hand shook a little and his eyes crossed before rolling behind his head as he passed out. Cato lurched forward and caught him, falling to his knees and holding Peeta's head steady as he checked over the wound. A large gash had been ripped open at the back of his head, tangling his hair together with sticky blood. "Shit," Cato muttered. "Shit, shit, shitty, shit, shit." He laid Peeta down on the ground and ran out to the hall, where he grabbed the landline phone and rang 911. ~xXx~ "He hit his head pretty hard but he should be alright," the doctor explained. Cato kept glancing nervously into through the observation glance at Peeta. He looked so small and vulnerable, lying asleep on the pure white hospital bed. The wound on the back of his head was cleaned and stitched up, some of his beautiful blond hair having to be cut up so the cut could be accessed. "There may also be some amnesia but it shouldn't be too severe. I'd say he got lucky. We'll keep him in over night just to be safe and you can collect him in the morning." That night was the hardest night Cato had ever experienced. Sleep eluded him. He had never had to stay alone