(For the sake of this story, all of Peeta's movies are just going to be movies Josh Hutcherson has been in) :) Hardships of a Fanigrl Chapter One: The Growth It would be a lie to say she had been there from the start. Because she hadn't. A book was publised in 2008. Katniss read that book in 2012. She felt it was strange to look back on, as there had been a time when someone would have said, ' The Hunger Games ' to her and she wouldn't have batted an eyelash. In fact, she'd turned down a request to admin on a THG roleplay facebook page, because she had no idea what it was. She knew there was a movie, she had saw it on t.v, but it hadn't looked appealing to her. She didn't know why. It just . . . didn't. Katniss first began to properly notice it when her friend Madge started reading the series. Madge's friend Becka had recommended it to her a couple of weeks prior. Katniss still didn't think much of this. She wasn't interested in the book, plain and simple. But as Madge's excitement over the plot continued to blossom and Katniss' reading material ran thin, she decided to give the book a read. Her mom got a good deal on the books, getting all three from under ten pound on amazon, since the nearest bookstore was a good distance from where they lived. The books arrived a week later, just before Katniss' next library class in school, in a cute black box with the bird trapped in a circle printed on the side. The only reason Katniss stopped reading the book that night was because her dad came into her room and ordered her to go to sleep because she had school in the morning. She got a good way into it, teetering on the page before part three. She desperately wanted to read more but knew she had to stop, going to sleep with the excitement of telling Madge that she had started reading the series. Of course, she hadn't realized Madge was a slower reader than her, having not reached the same position as her by the time she got into school the next morning. Katniss accidentally ruined the death of Amandela, having blurted it out that morning when they met in form class. Madge had been annoyed but had known that it was obvious that Amandela had to die for Jennifer to live. And Jennifer had to live, because there were two other books, right? It slowly became a competition between Madge and Katniss to see who could finish the entire series first. They went through their struggles: Katniss reached the part in the second book when Josh hit the force field around the arena and died just as the class bell in library class went, Madge losing her first book under her bed, later finding it with the front cover hanging off. It was like a battle of literature. And both of them were going through pretty intense experiences. Katniss won, of course. Okay, by default. She took sick the week the both of them were flying through the final book and got a lot of reading done, finishing the book in record time. Way before Madge did. She knew it didn't count as a proper victory but Katniss liked to tease Madge with it just to gauge her reaction, which was always amusing. After Madge finished the series, Katniss remembered the movie that had been made. She was horrified that she hadn't watched it when it came out. Then again, the movie came out in March and her mother bought her the books in May. Not even the best, most awesome movie in the history of the universe would stay in the cinemas that long. But it made her desperate to see it. But she couldn't. There was no possible way she knew of. So she took to the internet. Before all of this, Katniss hadn't been very into the internet. She wrote stories-that sort of thing ran in her family-and occasionally surfed facebook and played Cafe Life but never stayed on the computer too long. But after reading THG series, she wanted to find out more about the film. Which wasn't too difficult, since the fansites had always been there, just hidden in plain sight. The actors for the movie were perfect, in her eyes. The actress picked to play Jennifer had the exact same name, how much more perfect could you get?! The worst of this though was that when she first saw the actor hired to play Josh, she hadn't given him a second glance. Couldn't even bring his name to mind. The only thing she cared about was that he was playing her favourite character. At the time that was all that seemed to matter, anyway. Katniss hadn't considered herself obsessed yet. She still thought that she was only doing some healthy research concerning her favourite book series' movie. She was able to take herself off the computer for a couple of hours a night to spend time with her family and do something more productive. Her life was still okay. Then along came fanfiction. The weird thing is that she hadn't discovered fanfiction looking for Hunger Games stories. She had went on looking for Doctor Who stories, a sci-fi series she had been raised on but only recently hooked with. The first story she ever read was a rated T story called 'The Underground' and it wet her apetite, made her eager to read more. Of course she had tried to look for Hunger Games stories eventually but she had been so wrapped up in the movie that she had stupidly clicked on the 'movies' category instead of the 'books' and immediately assumed that the site just didn't do HG stories. It maybe took her another two weeks before she realized her mistake and found THG category. The multitude of stories, people's interpetations of the series and their ideas, were amazing and sometimes irritating. But Katniss fell in love with them. And that's when it really began, properly . Katniss was scrolling through a facebook page called 'Always' when a picture caught her eye. Her box room bedroom was shrouded in darkness, save from the glow of her computer screen, so the picture stood out even more. It was an edit of two pictures. One of the blond boy from the kids' movie 'Bridge to Terabithia' and another of Peeta Mellark, the actor who was playing Josh in the THG movie. The caption below said: "Can you believe how much he's grown?!" Katniss' eyes widened. No way! She sat up on her bed, staring at the picture until her eyes blurred. She remembered watching Bridge to Terabithia when she was younger. It was one of those movies that you hadn't lived your childhood right if you hadn't seen it. It was a necessity. A sad yet brilliant film that everyone loved, sometimes including your parents. But Katniss hadn't realized that Peeta Mellark was the kid from that film! She wasn't sure why she got so worked up about it but she wanted to burst out laughing and tell everyone in her house, even though they probably wouldn't care. Except maybe Prim! Katniss was almost positive that Prim had had a crush on the boy from Bridge to Terabithia when they were kids. She didn't know what it was but there was something about her sister's behaviour when they watched the movie that hinted at attraction. Excited for a reason Katniss could not understand, she went up the stairs to her sister's room, taking the steps two at a time, and knocked on the door. "Yeah?" Prim called. Katniss came in. "Guess what!" she said excitedly. "Is this to do with the Hunger Games?" Prim asked immediately, looking instantly uninterested. "I barely said anything!" Katniss exclaimed. Prim rolled her eyes. "What is it and why do you think I'd suddenly be interested?" she asked. "You remember Bridge to Terabithia?" Katniss inquired. Prim nodded, her expression giving nothing away. Maybe she was just really good at hiding it . . . "Well, the boy playing Josh is the same actor who played that kid Jesse!" Prim raised her eyebrows. "Right," she said slowly before properly thinking about it. "Jee, he's grown." Katniss frowned, was that all she was going to get?! Now she felt stupid for getting worked up. "I used to think he was a right ugly thing in that film. At least his looks have improved, I suppose." Katniss stared at her sister as if she was crazy. Of course, she hadn't thought much of Jesse either when her kid-self watched the movie but that wasn't the point. At least she wasn't so blunt about it! "That's a bit harsh," she muttered. "You're just saying that because he's in your beloved Hunger Games movie," Prim pointed out. "I bet you any money that you'd never even given him a second glance last year. Don't get at me just because I'm not a hypocrite." "I'm not a hypocrite!" Prim quirked an eyebrow. "Are you sure?" "Yes!" "Name five more movies he's been in." "Er . . ." "I thought so." Katniss glared at her sister and stormed out of the room. She hated the fact that Prim was right. She hated that Prim was nearly always right. Annoyed at herself, Katniss went back into her room and switched on her lamp. The pale light from the bulb bounced off the walls of her room, making it seem much smaller than it already was. Compared to the wide expanse that was Prim's attic room, Katniss was living in a matchbox. A large part of Katniss longed to go home. Which was strange since the old Everdeen house was only around the corner. They had swapped houses at the end of 2011 because the house they were currently living in had three rooms. Katniss was put in the smallest box room because her parents obviously needed the bigger room and it had always been Prim's dream to have a room of her own and it was her illness that sealed the deal of the move. Well, she wasn't ill, per say. Was depression an illness? Suffice to say, Prim needed her space, since she had hated sharing a room with Katniss severely when they lived in their old house. Katniss didn't know why she had hated sharing a room so much, to her it hadn't been too bad. The box room was suffocating. When Katniss went to sleep at night, it felt like the walls were closing in on her in the darkness. Her nightmares got worse, so bad that they almost felt real. It got to the point where she had to sleep with the lamp on, because she feared what would come out of the dark and attack her in her sleep. She didn't blame the move for the nightmares, nor did she blame Prim for being the reason of the move, but she did blame her parents, for not even asking her if she wanted to leave their old home, instead just listening to their baby girl Prim and doing as she wanted without any consideration towards how Katniss might feel about it. It used to get on Katniss' nerves but she had gotten used to it. And honestly, she didn't have the energy to complain. Katniss liked to think of the 'new' house as the diaster household. While under the roof of this house, her parents split and her mother went into a depressive state that could only be cured by her father getting back together with her. Which wasn't going to happen. It was a difficult situation. Katniss' father didn't love her mother anymore but her mother still loved him. Both Katniss and Prim wanted them both to be happy but if they got back together, their dad