A/N: So guys, this is the first book in a series I'm going to be working on over the summer this year. The first book (I say book, it's more like a one shot but book sounds more professional) is about how Cato meets his partner in crime Peeta, a neko boy. Even though the plot of this seems quite sadistic, it won't be too graphic in the aspects of torture or anything so don't worry. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. Book One: The Catboy The easiest thing to do is to not ask questions. Cato learned this long ago. To get the money you want, it's best just to get on with it. Ask questions, you risk getting involved. And getting involved may interfere with the work. The work that pays well, so well that most who are involved don't have to lift a finger for the rest of their lives. As long as they make it in for their shifts, that is. THE HADLEY INSTITUTE OF PAIN AND REPRIMAND. The Institute was founded by Cato's great-great grandfather, Wyatt Hadley, back in the early 1800s. It began with a simple request made by an angry husband. The husband, a man called Justin, and Wyatt-who had been a blacksmith at the time-were close friends, who basically told each other everything. Justin's wife had began to become too big for her boots, acting like a harlet and going out every night with her friends, leaving him alone to care for their baby. He wanted to think of a way to punish her, to put her in her place, but had to do it in a way that would stick with her for the rest of her life. So he paid Wyatt 100 dollars to do it for him. After spanking Justin's wife for him, Wyatt saw an opportunity for better pay than his blacksmith job and leaped at it. He renevated an abandoned building, made it look like a home business, before telling only a select few about the building's true intentions. He couldn't have everyone on his doorstep, then it wouldn't be nearly as fun. The mystery was what made it better. And that was how the Hadley Institute of Pain and Reprimand was erected. The business was passed down from generation to generation, along with the job of head punisher. As time grew on and the world modernized, it wasn't only women that got taken to the Institute. Wives started bringing husbands, friends bringing ex-friends, broken partners bringing exes, all willing to pay good money to have the people they hated suffer. Because that's what happened. It wasn't about punishment anymore, it was about hurting the people they loathed. Cato knew that there was a chance he'd be given the building when he was sixteen, when his mother took ill. He was no fool, he knew what went on in the Institute, and he honestly didn't care too much. His life had been built up on the genius of the Institute and he knew that he wouldn't have lived the comfortable and worry-free life he had if it hadn't been for the Institute. On some level, he couldn't wait to take over it. So his mother died and, as predicted, he was given the Institute on his seventeenth birthday. Cato had now been running it for seven years. Rumours sometimes flew around that he was the best owner since Wyatt himself but he tended to ignore the whispers of the wiled. Sure, he had come up with a lot of the different punishments that now ran-he strongly believed in variety-but he didn't believe that anyone was going to get back to the level of his great-great grandfather. Really, the Hadley's were known for being sadistic anyway. It was like a trait that got passed down over the years to poison every single descendant of Wyatt Hadley. Not that it mattered to them, no, to them it was just a way of life. How they earned their bread, how they managed to keep themselves going for so long without having ever had to apply for a job. But still, it was better to not ask questions. Especially about why cilents wanted a particular person to suffer. It was better to just get on with it. "Some guy called Gloss brought in a brought in a diminished." Cato was just through the door when Finnick had spoken up. He hadn't even got a chance to hang his jacket up. The interior of the Institute was actually quite medicore. It looked like the reception of a highway B&B. Red carpets, cream walls, wooden receptionist desk, it was so plain it was sickening. It was a percaution, just in case an outsider wandered in, someone who didn't know about the Institute. It happened often enough, despite the tight security system. Diminished was what the Hadleys had always called the people cilents brought in. It was better to call them that over their real names. Because names were too familiar, too close to home. "Really? Had he a booking?" Cato couldn't remember Gloss having booked anyone . . . "Well, I say he brought in, he really just dumped them on us. Said if we kept them here until further notice then he'd pay us a £10,000 a week," Finnick explained. Cato raised his eyebrows. "£10,000? I wonder what they did to him," he wondered out loud. "Did Gloss say?" "They cheated on him, I think," Finnick answered. The Odairs were family friends, having worked closely with them in the Institute for eighty five years now. Finnick came to work as the receptionist at the same time Cato had been given the Institute in his mother's will. It seemed a bit harsh, to keep them for weeks, but it was Gloss' choice. And Gloss was famous for his dramatic attitude. "It always comes down to the people who can't keep their legs closed, doesn't it? What did you do with them?" Finnick shrugged. He pushed the register book towards Cato as he approached the desk, tossing him a pen as well. Cato caught it and quickly signed in. He didn't normally leave the Institute but instead stayed in one of the top floor rooms. But Clove had recently lost her cousin in a car accident and was having a hard time dealing with it, so he had went to visit her, which had lead to him staying over for the night. "Stuck them in the Clacified Chamber until you got here," answered Finnick. Cato nodded. "How long?" "Three hours now." "Right." The Clacified Chamber was a small basement below the Institute. It wasn't part of the original schematics of the building but was installed in the 1920s by Emily Hadley. The room was the size of a cubby hole, even smaller really. It was solid concrete all the way around and the only way to get in is through an elevator shaft that runs through and opens up a trapdoor in the celiling. The whole idea is to keep the diminished in the small, enclosed area. They sit upright in a seat, with their hands bound to a hook infront of them, so they are forced to sit with their back bent. Even if they weren't tied up, they'd still have to sit this way as the Chamber is so small that no one can fit in it standing up. Cato went there after signing in. Since the Chamber was so small, two people couldn't be in it at the same time so once the technological leap occured, cameras were installed in the chamber and there was a separate room on the last floor before the Clacified were you could moniter what was going on. It used to be that if the diminished went mad in there, then they went mad, and no one would know because no one could moniter them. Getting them tied to the hooks was always a song and dance. It was always better to drug the diminished before they even start to attempt anything because trying to bind an unconscious person in a tiny space is one thing but trying to bind a struggling, protesting person into a tiny space is another thing completely. So it works that either Cato or Finnick hold their breath and manage to squeeze into the space with the diminished long enough to tie their wrists to hooks before quickly clawing their way out again. Cato had some level of respect for some of the diminished. He couldn't even handle two minutes in the Clacified Chamber, let alone hours. On the main telveision in the Clacified Control Room, Cato could see the diminished Gloss brought in. They sat in the usual uncomfortable position, head wedged between the knees and hands pulled out in front of them and chained to the floor. Their body trembled, trying to hold the position with all their strength, and a thin layer of sweat was coating their skin. They lifted their head and Cato suddenly felt frozen to the spot. The diminished was gorgeous. Weary blue eyes searched the concrete walls, a small spark still somehow alight in them. Normally after three hours in the chamber they'd be begging for mercy. Mercy Cato could only give if the cilent said he could. The boy's face was sharp and angular, the skin pale and looked like it was made up of ceramic. Cato watched curiously as the diminished boy lifted his foot and pressed it against the hook where his hands were chained, pushing against it with all his strength. Trying to break the chains. Cute. But impossible. The boy was clearly frustrated, sweat breaking out across his brow as he put all his strength into his escape plan. Cato found himself pressing his finger onto the intercom button and saying, "I wouldn't bother, those are Palladium chains. They won't break." The diminished's head snapped up and he smacked it off the top of the concrete ceiling. Cato winced. "Who are you?" they asked. "Cato Hadley. Don't tell me your name, it's not needed. All you need to know is that you've been admitted to the Hadley Institute of Pain and Reprimand by Gloss Higgs. Your . . . ex . . . I'm guessing?" "Is this one of his sick jokes?" "I wouldn't say a joke. The Institute is a building of punishment and Gloss believes that you need to be punished," explained Cato. Urgh, the explaining was the least fun but most necessary part of the whole punishment process. "I'm guessing you know why you've been admitted here?" "I have a fair idea," the diminished answered. Cato had an idea that he would. Although, a part of him couldn't blame whoever it was that wanted to cheat with that boy. He truly was a sight to be seen. "Gloss always was a sadistic cunt." "I'd watch that dirty mouth of yours," Cato said. "Or what? You're going to punish me? What else could you possibly do?" "Trust me kid, you've no idea." The blue eyes finally landed on the camera and Cato felt himself freeze up again. They were so deep and vivid. A thousand shades of the one colour overlapping and washing in a mixture that could hynotise anyone. The diminished narrowed his eyes. "You don't even know what I've done," he said, his voice hoarse. "Gloss said you cheated on him." The diminished smirked, as if this amused him. "Sure, okay, let's go with that," he said. "There's a panel in the ceiling, isn't there? And an elevator shaft?" Cato frowned, surprised. "How did you know that?" he asked in amazement. "I'm not the easiest to knock out." "And you're pointing it out because . . . ?" "I bet you that I could get out of here if you opened the panel." Cato snorted. Cocky little shit. Was he crazy? He wouldn't be able to get up the shaft without the elevator. There