A/N: I wrote this ages ago but lost it when my computer crashed. I recently found my memory pen and found this on it so I thought I'd share it with you guys! Warnings: Slutty!Peeta, Police Officer!Cato, innuendos, spanking and kinky lemon! :) Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. If you wanted a criminal caught and arrested, get Cato to do it. Not normally one to brag about it, Cato was the best officier on the police force. He could get any prisoner to squeal, any criminal caught in the act, any outlaw to admit they had done wrong. Seriously, the guy was good. Being in the force for ten years now, Cato had never lost a case. And that was a record no one but him held. That is, until loverboy came along. . . . . "Loverboy," Clove explained, "Is this code name for the blond fraud who has been running around Panem for about a year now, robbing banks and stealing from museums. No one has been able to catch him as of yet and he's apparently been sighted around 2." "What is there such a thief could be searching for here, do you think?" Cato asked, typing out a report into his computer. Clove shrugged. "Could be after Brutus' Jewel," she said. "But I don't know how he plans to get it, since the museum's security is air tight. A pin couldn't drop without the guards knowing about it." Cato nodded, mulling it over. "But if he's a criminal mastermind, I'm sure he has something up his sleeve," he said. "Maybe you should alert the museum and get extra security put in around Brutus' Jewel. Just to be on the safe side." He finished the last word in the report and sat back in his seat, brushing a hand through his hair. "Where has he been sighted?" "That's the weird thing," Clove replied. "He doesn't even bother to hide his identity. Every single District he has robbed, there has been thousands of images and footage of him, bold as brass, doing the deed. And you know what the odd thing is?" "What?" "Every time he has the thing he's after in his hands, he turns to the camera, winks and blows a kiss," Clove answered. "He's insufferable. Around here he's been sighted around Victor's Avenue. Strangely enough, where the museum holding Brutus' Jewel is located. I don't like this, it's very fishy. I think that's why they want you on the case, Cato, since you haven't lost a case yet." Cato frowned. "Clove, if he's been sighted, why hasn't he just been arrested?" Clove shrugged. "He's one step ahead of everyone. He can vanish like that." She clicked her fingers. Cato sighed. Yeah, he knew criminals who where like that. In the end, they always tripped up somewhere. "Do you think the other Districts could send us the footage of him?" he asked. "So we have an idea of who we're up against here?" Clove nodded. "I'll see what I can do." She brushed a strand of dark hair behind her ear and sighed. "Imagine the praise we'll get if he get this guy arrested. Maybe even the Chief will start to notice us. Well, notice me. He already knows you as the goddamn saint of the police force." The name made Cato cringe. He didn't like that everyone made a big deal out of the fact that he hadn't failed a case yet. Sure, it was good and all that, and of course he was a little proud of himself, but everyone else made a bigger deal out of it than he did. There was a little part of him though that wanted to keep the title going because after spending ten years on the force and never failing a case, there's always going to be a piece of him that won't want to let go of the record. And he certainly wasn't going to let some arrogant loverboy ruin it. Not that the thief was going to anyway. Surely someone who didn't even bother to hide their identity was an amateur in one way or another. "Here," Clove said an hour later, her arms full of tapes. "The Chief gave me these to give to you. Apparently the other Districts sent them over for you to examine. It's the footage of loverboy." "Has there been identification scans ran on him yet?" Cato asked as he took the tapes off her. Clove shook her head. "No, not yet. Do you want me to get on that?" she asked. "Yeah," Cato answered. "Please." "No problem boss," Clove replied, doing a mock salute. As he watched her go, Cato mulled over what she just called him. Clove and himself were around the same age and yet because he held more authority over her, he felt like the older one. Especially when she went around calling him things such as 'boss'. Shaking his head, Cato took up one of the tapes. It looked like it was spray painted gold, an indication that it was from District 1. Why did they persist in trying to make everything sparkle? Cato rolled his eyes and stuck the tape into the VCR built into his computer. The footage was slow at first, starting when the night shift started in the D1 museum (he didn't know which one it was so he just nicknamed it that) guarding a massive red ruby that was encased in glass. The area around it was protected with laser and floor sensors, the door watched over by two guards. Loverboy must be a genius to have gotten past that. It took about five minutes of forwarding until a couple hours past and something actually happened. For some reason, the guards had decided to move away from the door and enter the room where the ruby sat. As their backs were turned from the door, a blond boy appeared behind them and gripped the back of their necks in an action Cato recognized as the Vulcan Death Grip. Some of his captors had tried doing this before but it had never been strong enough for it to work. But the guards slowly sank to the ground, the blond boy not letting go until they were completely on the floor. The boy grinned and dusted his hands off, climbing over both guards and stopping just before the lasers started. They are designed to be invisible to the naked eye but he must have done his research as before going any further he went to the sensor by the wall and pulled a small mirror out of his pocket. When put in front of the sensor, the reflective mirror would divert the laser and send it shooting up at the ceiling. Okay, that was common knowledge. There was no way he could get by the floor sensors. The boy crouched on the floor and squinted, staring right at the glass case the ruby was incased in. He stayed like that for about five minutes before backing up a bit and taking a run at it. At last minute, he jumped and went a good three quarters of the way before landing again. He didn't even stumble as he landed, staying poised on one foot while using the other to hop across the rest of the way. Alright, so he was a damn ballerina, that could have happened anyone. Cato thought the boy was going to have some great plan for what to do with the glass case. Maybe use an optical illusion to make it look like his hand went right through the case or use a small knife to get the panels loosened out one by one. But no. He smashed it. The alarm immediately went after that and Loverboy laughed, grabbing the ruby and looking right at the camera like Clove said he would. His eyes were a piercing blue, sparkling in the darkness of the room. He dropped a wink and blew a kiss before running to the window, pushing it open and climbing out. Cato was baffled. Did he really just watch that? He had expected the thief to have been using technological aids and devices but instead all he did was use his hands and a mirror. This wasn't going to be as easy as first thought. Another thing Cato discovered about Loverboy while he watched the rest of the tapes: He was a master of seduction. In District 5, the boy spent a week there, having night times flings with the city bank's security guard before convincing the man to let him into the safe. The amount of times Cato had seen the boy kiss and blow and fuck his way into banks and museums was astronomical. "His name is Peeta Mellark," Clove said, slapping a file down onto Cato's desk. "He ran away from home six years ago and has only started being sighted again when he started thieving. He's originally from District 12 and-" She paused. "Cato, are you watching porn?" "Nope," Cato sighed, exhausted and slightly worked up from having to watch the boy who was, admittedly, pretty hot, get fucked over tables. "This is what he does. He seduces people into letting him into where he wants and then knocks them out whenever they're in." Clove turned her nose up. "Ew," she muttered. "That's disgusting. Does he have no dignity?" "I suppose you don't really need dignity," Cato replied. "All he wants is the money. Did you get anything else on him?" "Yeah," Clove nodded. "He's a genius. When he was ten years old, he broke into his school and stole money from his Prinicpal's safe. Sure, normal ten year olds could do that but they normally bring friends to help. And leave some sign of them having been there. Mellark left nothing. In fact, the only reason they found out it was him in the end was because he gave some of the money to his ex-friend Delly and she blabbed about it." "So we're definitely dealing with a mastermind here then," Cato said. "Seems so," Clove answered. "Well, when he decides to strike, we'll be ready for him." "Yeah, we will." ~xXx~ They weren't. When the force finally got to the museum when Loverboy had been reported to have entered the building, he had already had fifteen minutes to do what he needed to do. Cato hated how sloppy the force could be, especially when it was early in the morning. Still, they were there now and there was no way Loverboy was getting out without being caught. Clove was grumpy, a cup of coffee clutched in her hand as she yelled through a bullhorn for whoever was in there to come out with their hands up. Nothing was happening though and the more nothing happened, the more annoyed she got. Cato wanted to tell her calm down but he knew better of it. As if Loverboy was going to come out just because he was told to anyway. No, something told Cato he had something up his sleeve. As he was leaning on the hood of his cop car, Cato saw something out of the corner of his eye. At the sight of the building, a small figure climbed out of window, a black silohuette against the dark night sky. The figure jumped out of the window and fell two storeys into a small alleyway that lay beside the museum. It reminded him of how Loverboy had escaped the museum in District 1. He'd climbed out the window and obviously jumped. Cato gesutred for two cops to follow him while Clove continued screaming into the bullhorn like an unprofessional. He went across the road with the two in tow, slipping into the wide alleyway to see if his hunch was correct. The alley was empty, the ground wet from the rain earlier and the place was cluttered with old boxes and pieces of rubbish. Not trusting it,