Split Personality For ExtReme-Rain17 "Dissociative identity disorder-DID-previously known as multiple personality disorder-MPD-is a mental disorder on the dissociative spectrum characterized by at least two distinct and relatively enduring identities or dissociated personality states that alternately control a person's behavior, and is accompanied by memory impairment for important information not explained by ordinary forgetfulness," Gale read to Katniss as she mixed the experimental liquids together. "It's a complex illness," she clarified. She glanced up at Cato through the strands of hair that had fallen over her eyes. "Which is why the break-through would be massive if we were able to find the cure right here right now." Cato quirked an eyebrow. He wasn't extremely invested in the DID cure but he didn't have the heart to put Katniss down because of it. She was trying to explain what she believed to be her 'break through cure', which she had been working on for many years. Gale was her PA, having stuck with her through the entire experimentation. Cato admired their determination but he didn't believe in a quick fix for such a convoluted problem. "Aren't diseases like this one cured by years of therapy?" asked Cato. "Is there really a quick cure for all that?" "Well, we'll see, won't we?" Katniss replied with a grin. "I can just imagine it now: Katniss Everdeen, Architect of Medicine's Golden Age." "Medicine's Golden Age," Gale repeated, as if he couldn't quite believe it. Cato didn't think it possible for Medicine to have a Golden Age. They hadn't even came up with a cure for the common cold yet. Why go searching for cures for the intricate when there's still the simple to be solved? Katniss was stubborn, she always searched for the complicated before the plain. Cato narrowed his eyes at the indigo serum Katniss was currently mixing. How was that, a transparent liquid, going to cure the complexity that was multiple personality disorder? Cato thought of his sister, Kayla, who had been suffering from the illness ever since she was a child. The amount of medicines she'd taken, tablets she'd trialled, therapists she'd visited, could all of that really be rectified just through a serum? Clear answer: No. It could not. "So, how are you going to test it?" asked Cato. Katniss shrugged. "I'm not completely sure yet but trust me, when I figure it out, it will be awesome." She picked up a tray of vials, all of them filled to the rim with her miracle cure. They wobbled percariously on the metal tray, some of the liquid even spilled over the edges and splashed the floor. "Careful Katniss, we don't know if that's safe yet. If it touches anything-" Gale began. "But it won't, that's the point," Katniss replied. The light emnating from the bulb overhead reflected off her goggles. Cato removed his own glasses, cleaning the pesky blurr that had been affecting his vision. Despite it's risk, there wasn't much to worry about. Katniss' lab was about as dangerous as a bunny in a bundle of pillows. "Are there are side effects to that stuff anyway?" asked Cato. "I don't know, that's what the tests will be for," Katniss answered. She started forward. "Beep beep Cato, need to store this somewhere safe-" "Katniss, be careful," Gale said. "I've got this," Katniss insisted. " Katniss, seriously-" The scientist whirled around on her assistant. Both Cato and Gale flinched when the serum vials rattled violently with the moved. "Gale, I know what I'm doing. I know this can be disputed from past incidents but I'm over that. I'm being careful, I promise." "You're spilling most of the product," Gale said. His tone was bodering on panic. Cato, who normally held a strong distaste towards Gale because he was a bit of a chicken and stickler for the rules, couldn't disagree. For someone who cared so much about her percious DID cure, Katniss did seem to be moving around carelessly, so quite a lot of the serum spilled out of the glass vials. Was it his imagination or was there smoke coming from the spilled areas? "I'm not going to spill it," Katniss snapped. "We'll check if there's any side effects later. I'm sure there isn't any anyway, right?" The vials wobbled and Cato stepped forward, pushing his glasses back onto his face, with the intent of steadying the tray. At the exact same time, Katniss turned around. The tray banged into Cato's side, the disruption causing all the vials to tip over. Katniss realized it was too late. She jumped backwards, the tray falling out of her hands in horror. Cato tried to jump back too but he wasn't fast enough. All of the serum splashed out, all of the contents of every vial splattering his skin and covering his clothes. Gale and Katniss immediately dived for surgerical masks, hooking them behind their ears and stumbling backwards out of the way. "I guess we're about to find out," Gale sighed irritably. At that exact same time, Peeta was on his way up to the lab. He and Cato had planned to have lunch together. Nothing special. They weren't going out or anything, Peeta had just made them both some sandwiches (the fillings alternating between ham and cheese, peanut butter and nutella, cucumber and cream cheese, and many others because Cato had a strange palette) and some potato soup that they were going to eat in the lab canteen. He was a couple of metres away from the entrance to Katniss' lab when he knew something was wrong. There was a lot of commotion, crashing and yelling. "Well, there's definitely side effects!" Katniss. She was roaring over the noise. What was she talking about? "Whoa! Watch it mister!" "This doesn't make sense!" Gale yelled back. "It's like it's giving him exactly what we're trying to prevent!" "Except way off the scale!" answered Katniss. Peeta pushed into the lab, suddenly nervous. The first thing he noticed was that the entire place was a wreck. Test tubes smashed, equipment wrecked, tables turned. What happened? Second thing noticed: Katniss and Gale were wearing surgerical masks. Their heads snapped towards Peeta, both their eyes wide with horror. "Oh shit," Katniss said, her mask pulling in and out with her words. "Where's Cato?" Peeta asked, his fingers tightening around his satchel. Cato had bought him it for his birthday and Peeta used it to carry all his stuff, no matter where he was going. "What's happening?" "Goddamn it, man," Gale groaned, throwing his head into his hands. "Um, okay, er, Peeta, you're going to have to go into quarantine with Cato." "Wait, what? What happened?" asked Peeta. He shut the door behind him, knowing what the word quarantine meant and not liking where this was going. "Where's Cato, is he alright?" Katniss and Gale seemed reluctant to answer. Katniss scratched the back of her head and tsked. "Um . . . yeah . . . he's fine-ish. Well, I say 'he', more like 'they' . . ." "They?" Peeta repeated, bewildered as Gale took his arm and started walking him through the lab to a room at the back. What were they talking about? "What happened? Who's 'they'?" "Had Cato explained the whole DID cure to you?" asked Katniss, following the two of them through the lab. Peeta nodded. "I vaugely remember him mentioning it," he answered. Panic was beginning to set in. Was Cato okay? Where was he? "He said you were trying to cure the split personality thing, right? You were showing him the finished product today, weren't you?" "Exactly," Katniss nodded. She adjusted her goggles as if their correct enlinement was going to make it easier to explain. "Well, some of it accidentally spilled, all over Cato-" "Oh my god, is he alright?" Peeta interuppted, fear flushing through him like a virus. "We didn't know the side effects," said Gale. "But now we know the cure isn't suitable for sale." Their words weren't helping the whole panic situation. "Why? What has it done to him?" Peeta asked, his words rushing together in confusion. "What did you mean when you said 'they'? Have more people been infected?" Peeta had always known that being a scientist's boyfriend would come with certain risks. There were nights he would spend on his own because Cato would be busy with Katniss and Gale, times he would have to sleep alone because a bacteria leaked or a chemical spilled and they had to be quarantined to prevent it from spreading, but Peeta hadn't minded. Cato was worth it all. "You need to be quarantined with Cato because we don't know if the DID serum is airbourne or not," Katniss explained. "Just for twenty four hours, that's all." "But what about Cato, is he safe?" Peeta pressed. He didn't care about having to be quarantined, as long as Cato was okay. "Peeta, he got covered in the serum," Gale said firmly. "But it didn't work in the way he had intended it to. Basically, Cato has been split into two people, based on two different parts of his personality. There's tough guy and timid boy." "Timid boy," Katniss scoffed. "More like robotic." "Two people," Peeta repeated. "As in . . . physically? Or mentally?" The scientists shrugged. Gale gestured at the door. "Why don't you find out for yourself?" he suggested. Peeta frowned but the need to find out what had happened Cato overruled everything else. He pushed into the room, satchel pressed tightly against his side. Well, at least they had food. Plus, Cato had been so busy lately, maybe twenty four hours together wouldn't be so bad. Depending on how severe the side effects of the serum were. The quarantine room looked like your basic bedroom. It was emptied of every other piece of furniture other than a bed and a few blankets. A chill jittered down Peeta's spine, sensing something sinister before he actually saw it. Tough guy. Timid boy. Two versions of Cato. Based off the two main qualities in his personality. Except it wasn't mentally. Not at all. It was all too physical. Peeta blinked, sure that he was seeing things. He was so stunned that Gale had to shut the door behind him. He just didn't know what to say. Or do, for that matter. He just stood there, gaping. "Cato?" he asked, his voice barely above a whisper. "Yes?" Two voices answered, both looking at him at the same time. One of them had a blank face, not so blank that he looked dopey but blank as if he hiding something. The other . . . well the other was staring at him with narrowed eyes and an impressed smirk. They were both wearing bathrobes. Peeta wasn't completely sure whether they were wearing anything underneath or not. The thought was unsettling and yet a little bit exciting. "Katniss must have been right about that serum being airbourne because I am seeing two of you right now," Peeta said. He knew he wasn't going to be leaving any time soon but he still stood at the door, clutching his satchel, completely baffled about everything that had happened in the past five minutes. A mircophone in the corner of the ceiling crackled. "Um, yeah, okay, here's how it's going to go," Gale's voice came through, "Twenty four hours. No one goes in or comes out. Katniss and I have fumigated the lab so it's safe for entry now. Hopefully twenty four hours will be enough." "Am I really seeing two Catos right now?" Peeta asked apprehensively, not really sure if Gale could hear him or not. "Don't sound so dismayed about it, babe," tough Cato said, surprising Peeta at how . . . normal . . . he sounded. He sounded exactly like the Cato who had kissed him goodbye that morning. But it . . . it couldn't be. This one was so smug. He seemed severely over-confident. Sure, Peeta liked Cato when he was confident