A/N: So yay! I got the first chapter of the sequel done! *Mini party* Basically this is set a year after the last chapter of Torn Between, so, well, enjoy! Also if you've clicked to read this without having read Torn Between, I'd strongly suggest reading it first. A lot of stuff won't make sense if you don't. Enjoy reading! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Chapter One-Oreos and Drinks Cato: D12 Primary School: 3:30pm "No, no, no, you're doing it wrong," the little boy with pink, chubby cheeks says. I frown at him, my knees nearly touching my chin in the plastic red seat designed for a five year old. He takes the half eaten biscuit out of my hand and puts it down on the table, shaking his head in exasperation. "There's a trick." "A trick?" I say slowly, questioning. "To eating a biscuit?" "Duh," the boy says. "Have you ever read the front of the packet?" "Uh . . . " "Look, it's simple," the boy says, holding a fresh chocolate biscuit out on his flat palm. "You twist it." He twists around the top of it and pulls it off, showing me the unbroken top before continueing. "You lick it." He licks away the icing in the middle. "Then you dip it." He presses both pieces back together, dips it in his milk and eats it. "Yeah, I think I'll just eat it normally," I say. A dark look passes over the kid's face and he pushes his glass of milk toward me and holds out another Oreo. "Twist it. Lick it. Dip it," he says in an angry tone that actually makes me slightly frightened. "Peeeeettaaa," I call warily, keeping my eyes on the creepy child at all times. "What?" I hear Peeta call back from the storeroom, his voice slightly muffled through the shut door. "When does this kid's parents come again?" I ask. "Um, about five more minutes." Peeta comes back into the room with two cardboard boxes balanced ontop of each other held tightly in his arms. I can just about see strands of his blond hair sticking out from behind the boxes. "Why? Eager to leave?" "Kind of, yeah," I reply, raising a worried eyebrow as the kid points at me, the milk, then drags his finger across his throat. Peeta sighs and dumps the boxes on his desk. "Are you making people uncomfortable again Clap?" he asks, walking over to us and ruffling the evil child's black hair. "No Mr. Mellark," Clap replies, smiling innocently and batting his eyelashes. My jaw drops at his change of personality. He dropped from demon child to angel kid in 0.3 seconds. "I was just sharing my cookies with Cwato." Cwato? What the hell is that? This boy is diabolical. "That's nice." Peeta smiles at me and shrugs before he moves back to his desk to stick some paintings up onto a notice board, the scowl immediately returning to Clap's face. I hastily get out of the seat and hurry over to join Peeta. I frown at the piece of paper he's currently holding of a stick person with a rotonned belly and stick like hair. The words MY MOM are written in pink below the figure's feet. Peeta chuckles at the drawing and writes Anna in the bottom corner. " That's supposed to be art?" I scoff. "They're young. They still have a lot to learn. You need to nurture talent from a young age," Peeta replies, pinning it to the notice board. "That's not talent, that's a balloon waiting to burst," I say. Peeta chuckles and shakes his head. "They're kids Cato, what do you expect? The Mona Lisa?" A frown forms on my face and I glare at his sarcastic tone. "Plus this is only the grade one class. I also teach the grade sevens. They're . . . better." "Better?" I question, quirking an eyebrow at him. "Okay, they're alright. Sort of. Talent is few and far between you know Hadley," Peeta says. He takes another pile of papers out of one of the boxes and shuffles through them quickly. "You know, I sort of fancy myself as a painter," I say. I try not to show my intial reactions to half of the kid's paintings on my face as Peeta examines each one. My statement makes him momentarily pause his movements before resuming them just as quickly as he had stopped them. "Really?" he asks. I can't help smiling as he tries to hide the disbelief in his voice. "Oh yeah," I reply. "Although, in a more unconventional sense." "Oh? And what's that then?" I look back at Clap the Devil's Child. The boy's back is to us, his arm moving furiously as he scribbles a blank sheet of paper with an orange crayon, milk and oreos sitting right beside the page. I walk around to the other side of Peeta and lower my head so my lips are inches away from his ear. He sucks in a shaky breath at my proximity. "It's a rare method, most artists don't even use it because they're too corwardly to do so but you know me, I don't know the meaning of cowardly. It's the use of a human body instead of a canvas." Peeta glances at me out of the corner of his eye as I speak, curious to what I'm implying. "Meaning . . . ?" he asks. " Meaning as soon as this kid's cleared off, I'm going to take those paints over there, put them on one of those wooden thingys like a proper artist and show you exactly what I mean when I say using the human body as a canvas." I trail my index finger down his chest before pulling away, showing him what I'm thinking and grinning at his flushed face. "I hate you," he mutters. At first I'm confused but soon realize what's wrong with him when moves round to the other side of the desk and sits down on the wheeled chair, pulling himself forward so that his lower half is covered up underneath. It takes a lot for me not to laugh. Clap's mother soon arrives to collect him and Peeta still sits pressed up against his desk, unable to move. "Good afternoon Mr. Mellark," the woman says as Clap shrugs his backpack on. "Thank you for looking after Clap for me." "No problem Mrs. Davis. He was no bother," Peeta replies, pretending to be doing some paper work so that he doesn't have to get up. "Any time you want him watched again, I'm always free." Pff, always. Over my head body if I have to wait on him nearly every day of the week with oreo crazed Clap for company. "Are you alright Mr. Mellark?" Mrs. Davis asks. God, the Mr. Mellark thing gets to me every single time. It even sounds hot coming from the mouth of the mother of the spawn of Satan. "You look kind of flushed." "Huh?" Peeta asks, pretending to not have heard her. "Oh, no, I'm fine." "Are you sure?" I ask, grinning. "Miss. Davis is right. You do look sort of flushed Mr. Mellark." Peeta glares at me and I wink at him. "Yes Cato, I'm sure. Thank you for the concern though," he says through clenched teeth. "Well, I better go," Mrs. Davis says, taking Clap's hand and leading him out. "Thanks again." I wave goodbye and shut the door behind them. When I turn around the glare on Peeta's face could stop a clock. "I'm going to kill you," he says. "No you won't," I reply. "You looovvveee meee." "What am I supposed to do with this?!" He points underneath the table and I chuckle at his frustrated expression. I sweep around the desk and sit down ontop of it and push his chair out from underneath with my foot. The visible bulge in his jeans confirms my suspicions of his last ten minutes sitting tight against the desk. "I could take care of it for you," I say, wiggling my eyebrows at him teasinly. "What? In a Grade One classroom?!" Peeta scoffs. "You're joking right?" "Come on, be adventurous," I tease. Peeta rolls his eyes and pushes himself back and forth on the wheeled chair. "I let you 'take care of it' on the kitchen table last night," he says. "Where we eat might I add. I think that's adventurous enough for now." "Aw come on, you loved it didn't you?" "That's besides the point!" "You sure?" I ask. "I could get the paints out you know-" "Uh, no thanks, the kids use those. There are many things I'll let you try Cato but I refuse to let you ruin my ability to show a kid how to paint-which is, like, a quarter of my job requirements you know-just because you want to use a human canvas! Which, by the way, I still don't fully get!" "Let me elaborate," I say, grabbing his legs and pulling him toward me on the seat. I pull him until he plants his feet on the desk and stops me. I quirk an eyebrow at him and he quirks his own back. He's close enough that his knees are slightly bent and-if he wasn't being so damn stubborn by leaning back on the seat so that the whole back pad reclines back-his face would be inches from my own. "What I meant by using the human body as a canvas was a slightly cleaner version of what I was really talking about since there was a child present." "So what did you really mean?" he asks, folding his arms and crossing his ankles. "I meant-in shortest terms-I was going to paint on you." Peeta's eyebrows shoot to his hairline and he sighs. "I had a feeling you meant something like that." "Well, mini Peeta certainly did," I say, gesturing to his current perdiciment. He scowls and pushes back so that the chair slides away. "I keep trying to think of old people to quell it but you won't shut up!" Peeta says. I grin and plant my foot on the seat and push it so that it spins in a 360 circle. "Just imagine it baby, the cold paint tickling your skin as I run it so agonizingly slowly down your body-" "Shut up!" "The bristles of the brush sweeping along your jaw and down your neck-" "I'm not listening!" I grin as he plants his hands over his ears and shuts his eyes tight. "Down, down, down until it reaches and circles your hipbones-" "La La La La La La! I can't hear you!" I pull his hands away from his ears and yank his legs back towards me again. "Stop being such a baby and just kiss me already," I demand. Peeta rolls his eyes but does as I ask and kisses me. I sneak my hand around his neck and deepen it, rolling the seat closer to me. He's so close now that his legs are either side of me and his feet are inches away from the other end of the desk. His hands slide up my chest and wind around my neck when I slide my tongue into his mouth and he sighs into my mouth. I inch my hand up his thigh and under his shirt, making him gasp as my cold hand touches his warm skin. "WHOA! What did I just walk into?!" A voice exclaims behind us. Peeta immediately bolts away in shock and rolls backwards into the wall. I hang my head in exasperation before turning around. "Goddamn it Clove!" I say. "You really need to work on your timing! Jeez." "Sorry Cato, not my fault if you have the self control of an ape," Clove says, holding her hands up and approaching the desk. "I'm here to do my job unlike some people." "I'm doing my job!" I protest. "I'm keeping an eye on a