Changed Chapter One The tea was bitter. Cato stared at the teacup with a fixated stare. He flicked the porcelin cup with his finger, making the watery green liquid jiggle inside it, splashing over the lip of the cup and pooling in the saucer. What sort of tea was green anyways? He leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees, listening to the contiunous beeping of the heart rate moniter. District 13 was the basic equalivant of a military establishment. Cato had been used to tough routines, being raised as a career and all that, but 13 was strict. Every rule had to be followed to the letter, no interupretations, no slacking. The President, Alma Coin, had a no tolerance attitude toward anyone who broke the rules or didn't follow their schedule. Which Cato supposed meant he should have been worried, since he hadn't been following his schedule since the day he arrived two weeks ago. He just spent his time in the hospital ward. Just . . . sitting there. Doing nothing. Rye was stable. In fact, he almost looked like he was sleeping. Harold had said that that was how it worked when someone was in a coma. It looks like they're sleeping, like you could shake their arm and they would wake up, but it's something much deeper. Apparently, you still dream when in a coma. Sometimes Cato wondered what Rye was dreaming about. Life back in 12? His family? Or was he having a nightmare? The least Cato felt he could do was stay by the boy's side in his brother's absence. Sometimes Mr Mellark would sit with them as well but, because of his current condition, he found it dificult to stay awake too long. It was as if the entire Mellark clan was falling to pieces and Cato was desperately trying to keep them together with duct tape and super glue. The ward were Rye and Mr Mellark were being treated in also had other members of 12 in it. Cato was surprised by the amount of people who actually got out. The boy who lead everyone to safety-Rory Hawthorne-had ran around the District as soon as the arena blew up, convinced that the Capitol were going to act almost immediately and gathering as many people who were willing to follow him. Apparently he also ran right through the Seam and Merchant area to alert the Mellarks about it, even though the bakery lay on the other of the District. People Cato didn't recognize were being treated for serious injuries. A blonde girl he recognized from the Victory Tour party in 12 sat in the bed across from Rye. She had been with the Mellarks when the explosion that attacked them occured. A giant chunk of rock-debris from the explosion-hit her head and knocked the sense clean out of her. She was now left with half her memory intact and hallcunations that kept her screaming all night. Sometimes, if he listened hard enough, Cato could hear her from his room. District 12 wasn't the only District affected. Citizens from all over Panem were being treated for injuries caused by the aftermath of the Quarter Quell bombing. The lucky ones managed to find their way to 13. The unlucky ones . . . Well, the unlucky ones were either killed or taken prisoner by the Capitol. Currently, they were at a stalemate. Neither sides wanted to make the first move. 13 didn't have the numbers to attack the Capitol but since the Capitol didn't know this it didn't have the gall to attack 13. There were still battles being fought from one to eleven, rebels fighting loyalists and loyalists fighting rebels. As far as Cato was aware, his home District were on the loyalist's side. Which made glad for the fact that neither him, nor his family, were no longer there. Over the past fourteen days, there had been times where he just wanted to stop. Where everything would crash in him like a brick dropped onto his conscious. The weight of the current situation, the weight of what was currently happening crippling him to the point where he didn't feel like he was capable of anything other than doing nothing. Cato had to keep reminding himself that doing nothing wasn't going to help anyone, never mind the people he knew he had to save. "How is he?" Cato shrugged. He gave the teacup another flick, making more of it spill out. "Same as usual. Regular heartbeat, brain activity normal, ectera, ectera." He brushed his hand along the steel table beside Rye's bed, ridding it of the dust and making it fly around them. Harold stepped into the room, kitted out completely in military uniform. The Mockingjay emblem was sewn into the breastpocket of his jacket, the mere sight of the bird making Cato scowl. The trouble that damn bird had caused. "Not bothering to ask if there's any news anymore?" Harold asked. "Why should I?" Cato sighed. "There never is. You say the same thing everytime. 'If there's any news, you'd be the first person I'd tell.' " "Well, you are," Harold pointed out. Cato couldn't help noticing with a twinge of concern that the man was carrying a gun. Not that he didn't trust Harold to use the weapon properly but the whole idea of a gun unnerved him. Imagine having a weapon that didn't need you to slash at your opponent, that didn't need close range or struggle to kill. Just the push of a trigger and a bullet that-if the shot is clean enough-can kill instantly. "If there isn't any news, why are you even here?" "Because," Harold said, sitting down on the spare chair beside Rye's bed, "I've been told to inform you that you've been walking on thin ice . . . what with your blatant refusal to follow your schedule." "I have no reason to follow a stupid schedule," Cato simply answered. He couldn't help staring intensely at the boy lying on the hospital bed. Rye looked so much like his brother it was terrifying. Of course, they had distinct differences, the small idiosyncrasies that defined them as their own people, but after being separated for so long, Cato was seeing the similarities more than the differences, just out of desperation to see him in some form again. "It may seem stupid to you but how this whole thing works," Harold explained. "13 works like a well-oiled machine. One rusty cog and the whole thing falls apart." "I doubt I'm even much of a cog." "Cato, you're the image for this rebellion," Harold said. "People are looking at you to see how they should be reacting to this big change. If they see that you're not following Coin's orders then they'll do the same. He was strong enough to make this Mockingjay thing happen, you have to be strong enough to keep it alive in his absence." "Who's 'he' ?" Cato asked. "Are we not going to bother even saying his name anymore? Is that how it works now?" "You're not the only one hurting, have you even considered that maybe I can't bear to say his name?" Harold asked back. "I know what they do to traitors in the Capitol, I know what they're doing right now, do you know how hard a burden that is to bear?" "Maybe you should tell me then and the burden wouldn't be as hard to bear." Cato had been trying to get Harold to tell him what he knew about Capitol punishment, just for the smallest of ideas of what was happening the traitors inside the city. But every time Harold refused to divulge that information. "No," he said, right on que. After that, they sat in silence, unsure about what else they could say to each other. Even if they both weren't the best of friends, one common thread binded them together no matter what, and that thread helped them understand and sympathise with each other. But their lack of friendship was what tripped them up nearly every single time. Harold's watch bleeped and Cato glanced over at the corner of his eye, watching him as he pulled out the orange container that held his pills. Harold threw it into his mouth and swallowed without anything to wash it down. Maybe he had gotten used to swallowing dry after taking the tablets for so long. The medication was a godsend, really. They had turned Harold into a much better person, someone who Cato didn't dispise the sight of. Even if there would always be a part of him that wouldn't be able to look at him without remembering the horrible thing he had done in the past. "We should go," Cato said, swallowing the rest of the bitter tea and standing up. "Mr Mellark will be coming shortly and he likes to have some time alone with Rye." Harold nodded and stood up too. He slipped his pills into the special pocket in his uniform and followed Cato as he headed to the door at the end of the ward. They were nearly at the door when a baby started crying. The alien sound made them both pause. "Is that a baby?" Harold hissed. "No, it's a mutt," Cato replied sarcastically, turning on his heel and scanning the ward for the source of the sound. Beside the bed which Vick Hawthorne-Rory's brother-was kept in for that one night for observations, was a cot with the youngest of the Hawthornes crying inside it. He looked around for any signs of a nurse or doctor but no one came. "For god's sake, do they believe in tough love or something?" Leaving Harold at the door, he went to the baby girl's cot and peered inside carefully. He couldn't help thinking if he touched her, she'd explode or something. He was half tempted to leave her to cry but he knew that wouldn't be the right thing to do. What would he do if he was here? He wouldn't leave her to cry. The sign at the end of the bed said, 'Posy Hawthorne'. Okay, so she was definitely a girl. "Are you trying to play daddy now?" Harold asked, sounding exasperated. "We can't just leave her to cry!" Cato replied. He carefully lifted Posy out of her cot and held her against his chest, the way he used to hold Kayla when she cried as a baby. "Oh well this is a confusing sight," Harold said. "Scary career holding a gentle baby? Do you know how weird that looks right now?" "We have children you know," Cato said acidly. "Yeah, but you don't seem like the sort who'd know how to care for one. I always thought . . . if you had kids, he'd be the one who looked after them more than you would," Harold explained. "Well, I also thought he'd spoil them as well, you'd be the one to stop him from going too far." Cato sighed and turned around to face Harold, Posy still sniffling in his arms. "Okay, I'm not going to act like I haven't done it either but you know the whole 'he' and 'his' thing, we have to stop it. He has a name and we have to use it." "You do it first," Harold said. Cato paused, swaying from side to side to soothe Posy and rock her back to sleep. It was on the tip of his tongue but he couldn't quite get it out. "I can't," he finally admitted. "Can't you try first?" "God, you'd think we were trying to recite the treaty of treason or something," Harold admitted. "Why are we so weak?" Posy clutched Cato's shirt in her small fists, yawning sleepily and nuzzling her head into the crook of his neck. Cato cupped the back of her head, enjoying the feeling of having her in his arms. Babies were something that had always fascinated him. They