A/N: So guys, it's happened, I've began writing a supernatural Peetato fic. I would like to thank DragonisNight for giving me the idea for this. Seriously, I would never have thought of doing this without your help! ^_^ Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games or the idea of wolf Alpha/Beta/Omega ranks. Warnings: Submission and Dominance. A touch of self harm. A werewolf, also known as a lycanthrope is a mythological or folkloric human with the ability to shapeshift into a wolf or a therianthropic hybrid wolf-like creature, either purposely or after being placed under a curse or affliction (e.g. via a bite or scratch from another werewolf). Early sources for belief in lycanthropy are Petronius and Gervase of Tilbury. The werewolf is a widespread concept in European folklore, existing in many variants which are related by a common development of a Christian interpretation of underlying Indo-European mythology which developed during the medieval period. From the early modern period, werewolf beliefs also spread to the New World with colonialism. Belief in werewolf develops parallel to the belief in witches, in the course of the Late Middle Ages and the Early Modern period. Some modern researchers have tried to explain the reports of werewolf behaviour with recognised medical conditions. Dr Lee Illis of Guy's Hospital in London wrote a paper in 1963 entitled On Porphyria and the Aetiology of Werewolves, in which he argues that historical accounts on werewolves could have in fact been referring to victims of congenital porphyria, stating how the symptoms of photosensitivity, reddish teeth and psychosis could have been grounds for accusing a sufferer of being a werewolf. ~xXx~ Running was great. Blazing through the forest with a burst of speed, jumping logs, snapping twigs, thundering past trees and foilage as if nothing else mattered other than running. Wind bristling through fur, whistling past delicate ears, carrying the rustic scent of the trees with it to tickle sensitive noses. Paws pounding the compact earth, unsettling the soil and leaves around it. Yes, Peeta could run forever. He perferred wolf form. He felt free and unchained, like nothing could stop him. There was no limits when he was in wolf form, nothing to stop him, nothing to prevent him from running for eternity. He ran on his own, that was the price of being what he was. He didn't mind, since all the other wolves just wanted to play with the helpless little Omega wolf. Being the only omega in the pack, it was difficult to be around them anyway, natural instincts being to keen and beg for attention. There were 12 wolf packs spread out across Panem. Peeta was part of pack 12, who are located in the outskirts of the country. Packs don't mix, they stay within their zones. It was against pack law for different wolves from different packs to interact and could be punishable by death so they stayed within their respected zones. The packs worked like this: there was a leader. Leaders are always alphas, the dominant members of the pack. They keep all wolves in their pack at bay, making sure they obey the rules and giving out punishments to those who don't. There are many alphas but only one leader. If another wolf kills the leader, they automatically become the leader of the pack. Females were not leaders and it was rare for there to be female alphas. Peeta heard that there was a couple in different packs but there wasn't any in 12. Beta was the next rank. Betas weren't anything special. They varied between males and females and were very basic pack members. They took care of medicore jobs and were standard citizens. They weren't looked down on by other pack members but they didn't have the authority of alphas. Then came the Omegas. Mostly females, Omegas were the most submissive and complaint of the wolves. They had a quick reaction to other wolves which was to keen for attention. There was a reflex inside them, a fire that could only be quenched by being dominated by another. They could sometimes be viewed as the sluts of the packs because even if a wolf looked at them in a funny way, they would turn on their backs and spread their legs. It was just how they worked. They were child carriers. Sex toys. Wolves to be used and abused by anyone. Anyone, that is, until they are mated. This was why Peeta perferred being on his own. Being the only male Omega that had happened upon 12 in centuries, the betas and alphas liked taking advantage. It had been a dramatic change. For most of his life, he had been his own person, always able to come up with a snarky response to comments he didn't like and always ready to put up a fight. And then all of a sudden he turned sixteen and changed into a smipering Omega. It was ridiculously sick. The first person he'd submitted to had been a wolf in his pack, Gale Hawthorne. Thankfully, the Beta didn't bite his neck, which was how wolves became mates. It was rare when a pack would get a male Omega so the Betas took advantage of it since they didn't know what it felt like to be the dominant ones unless they had an Omega to play with. Peeta hated himself for what he had changed into but there was no preventing or cure for it, he was stuck with it. When he ran, it felt like he was running from them, running from himself, running from the ranks. It was nice to entertain the idea that he could run away from it all. But he always eventually had to stop, turn around and seek out the others. He couldn't even get lost because his rare scent would always cause them to find him. It made it all even more terrifying because when he didn't find his way back on his own, it became a race between the others over who could find him first. The worst of it was, when it came down to it, he wanted them to do it. He had became the basic equavilant of a masochist whore. If he didn't comply to what they wanted from him, he would be consumed with this cripppling guilt that would only be lifted if he got reprimanded for it. The amount of times he'd nuzzled himself up against someone in apology, begging to be hit, made him sick. Peeta growled and ran faster. He nearly ran into a tree once or twice but managed to dodge them with ease. Running got him excited and his tail wagged gleefully as he went. He loved the freedom, how he wasn't dependant on anyone to help him, that there was no one there to force him to melt into his simpering, pathetic self who'd roll over and keen for attention. An unfamiliar scent made him come to a skidding halt. He stopped and sniffed the air, pulling back his ears and narrowing his eyes. The 12 pack members smelt like the bark of an evergreen tree whereas this was an oak scent. It wasn't an oaktree because it was mixed with the smell of sweat and flesh as well. A wolf from a different pack, maybe? Oh gods, that wasn't good. Had he accidenly ran into different territory? Wolves could instantly tell if there was an alien presence in their zone, maybe they were coming to get him for trespassing. Deciding to backtrack, Peeta turned around and started going back in the direction he came. The others were probably looking for him anyway. It wasn't too difficult to find his way back to camp, immediately going to his tent and shifting back into human form and pulling clothes on before the others came back. It was better that he got back before them anyway, Omegas were supposed to stay in camp while the others were hunting. The only Omegas in 12 were himself and his friend Delly Cartwright. The difference between himself and Delly was that Delly had a mate. Once you had a mate no one could play with you other than your mate. So Delly was a stay at home mother, caring for the pups while the others were gone. The others came back with a satisfying haul. Two deers and an antelope. The alphas ate first, then the betas and the Omegas got the scraps. Scraps weren't that bad and Peeta liked to entertain the idea that it was better than the first hand meat. Delly and himself would sit apart from the others, splitting the scraps between each other. Delly would occasionally twitch when someone walked past, since being mated her self control being much more refined. She was a good friend, Delly was. While they ate, she would slap him any time someone passed, knowing what it felt like to have the urge to roll over, and was always able to help pull himself together. The alpha of the pack-Warren Undersee-later made an announcement that earlier in the day, there had been an intruder in their territory. Peeta sat up at the news, remembering the scent he had smelt earlier. Oak trees. Would Warren know what that meant? He couldn't tell him though because then he would know that he had went out running when he was supposed to be staying in camp with Delly and would very likely be punished for it. Later, in his tent, Gale came to see him. Gale was a nice guy but was power hungry, that was why he always favoured the company of Peeta. It was common for a beta to want to spend time with an Omega because they never got to be dominant. They weren't allowed to be dominant with each other and they definitely weren't allowed to do it with alphas. "Hey Peeta," he said, standing in the threshold of his tent. "Hey Gale," Peeta replied. He twitched when Gale entered, having the desperate urge to lay down at his feet and whine. Even when not in wolf form, pack members had the habit of acting like a canine in their actions. "How are you?" "About to go out to hunt down the intruder with the others," Gale answered. "Just thought I should come and see you before I left." He reached out and patted Peeta's head, relishing the way he would automatically nuzzle his head into his hand. He looked down on him with a gaze as sharp as a knife. The ground called to him like a magnet and before he'd really realized it, Peeta had gotten down on all fours and rolled over onto his back. Gale chuckled and knelt down beside him, rubbing his throat with his thumb. Peeta whined and shifted forward, resting his chin on his leg. Gale kneaded the muscles in his back, running his spare hand through his hair affectionately. Eck. He hated how much he loved it. Gale licked the side of his face affectionately. Peeta moaned and bared his neck to him like the submissive tramp he was. Gale nipped at the vulnerable skin, rubbing his stomach the way he knew he liked. When he got aggressive, Peeta frowned, squirming away from him. Gale had been wanting to mate him for a long time now but that's not what he wanted, knowing that he was only doing it because he wanted a pet Omega. "Gale, stop it," he said. "Sssh, it's alright," Gale murmured, thinking that he was just getting unsettled. Peeta felt the Beta's canines scraping up his neck. The statement made him flush with rage and he pushed against him. He felt sick every time he was disobedient but he wasn't going to let Gale mate him. He hated the way everyone thought that Omegas were idiots who didn't know what was going on and he wasn't going to let Gale bite him. Peeta whimpered and wiggled out of his