A/N: This is a one-shot that I had originally been working on for St. Patrick's day but didn't get done in time. So I continued it on until Easter! Even if you don't celebrate the holiday, enjoy anyway! :D Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. Spraying Glitter Cato had never been a fan of strip clubs. He always thought it was a frivilous practice that people who could get a job used to get the money they needed to live. Some of thm actually considered it a proper occupation. Wow, yeah, some job. Taking clothes off for money, sounds so trying and difficult(!) But Clove was getting married and she wanted to go to a strip club for her hen-do. All her friends weren't available for the date she set, thinking that she should have her party the night before her actual wedding. Cato thought that would be pretty stupid since if she drank as much as she had said she wanted to, then if she had it on the day before the wedding, wouldn't she be hung over? Her friends were idiots at the best of times. So that was how he wound up going to the strip club with her the week before. First impression of the club? Not too bad. The music could be heard pumping from outside and was incredibly loud inside. Most of the people inside were women, mostly because it was a male dancer night. As a gay man, Cato thought he should have been okay with seeing all these scantly dressed men grinding and stripping but it just wasn't doing it for him. One slightly unorthodox thing about this specific club was that every dancer had a talent. Some sang, some danced, one even did yo-yo tricks. In fact, Cato was more interested in the talents than he was on the fact that they were doing these things with barely any clothes on. Clove was in her element. She fit in perfectly with all the extroverted women who cheered at the dancers and shoved money into any available piece of clothing (which was pretty limited, if they were being honest). Cato let her do her thing, since it was her hen party after all, and topped up the drinks every so often. During an interval, Clove sat down for what felt like the first time since they actaully entered the place. "Thanks for coming with me, Cato," she said, wiping the sweat off her forehead. "I really appreciate it. I don't even think my girls would have came here if I had have had the party the day before. I mean, I don't think it's in their range of standard." "It's no bother Clove, really," Cato told her. "If I hadn't came here I probably would have spent the night wallowing in my house eating a giant tube of Caramel Chew-Chew ice-cream." "Cookie dough is better and you know it," Clove chuckled. She stuck her hand into her pocket and frowned when it came back empty. "Damn, I'm going to have to visit the ATM." "These places have ATMs?!" Cato exclaimed, sitting up straight and looking behind him to look for the supposed ATM. Gosh, the club really made sure you had as much fun as possible, don't they? "How much have you spent anyway?" "Hundred and fifty," Clove answered. "What?!" "What?" Clove repeated. "That's not bad! I saw a girl stick a hundred alone down that Finnick guy's g-string!" Cato considered this, knowing that she was right. Compared to how much some of these girls were spending, one hundred and fifty really wasn't that bad. "Will you get us some drinks while I top up my wallet?" "Sure thing," Cato said, heaving himself off the seat and heading to the bar. On his way there another dancer came on so the girls flocked to the stage. Cato was thankful for this, as it cleared the bar right up. The bartender was the guy who made nearly all of the girls orgasm when he danced. Didn't Clove say his name was Finnick? Cato could see how he was attractive to others, with his bronze hair and defined torso, but he wasn't Cato's type. Then again, strippers weren't Cato's type. Even when not doing their routines, the dancers seemed to be expected to wear provocative clothes all the time. This Finnick guy was wearing nothing but baby blue underpants with vibrant yellow elastic. "Hello handsome, what can I get you?" he said, his voice a deep purr. Cato tried not to snicker, knowing that this was the guy's job he would be laughing at. "Vodka and coke and a beer," he said, trying to keep a straight face. Finnick grinned and winked, turning away to prepare the drinks. As he did this, Cato glanced back to where his and Clove's table, where his friend was currently biting a cherry out from between a guy's teeth. Cato chuckled and shook his head. She really was shameless. While he was watching, something caught his eye. A boy was sitting with a group of women near the back of the club. Either he had really provocative fashion sense or was one of the dancers as all he wore was a black backless hoodie, a pair of tight fitting boxer briefs and black lace-up boots with neon orange laces. The hood was up, obscuring most of his face, but from what Cato could see, he seemed to be blushing, a small shy smile gracing his features. The women weren't shy, their hands touching every available piece of bare skin. This was probably why the boy was blushing so much. They seemed to be talking about something hilarious, as they were all wearing big smiles, looking like a pack of chesire cats. Then again, maybe that was more because of the fact that they were able to grope the attractive boy they were talking to without having to be ashamed. "£8:50," Finnick said, snapping him out of his staring. Cato turned back around, not realizing that he had been staring until he had been snapped out of it. Finnick was grinning, like he knew exactly what he was thinking. "I see you've got your eye on Loverboy," he said, nodding his head back in the group's direction. "I thought at these clubs you're supposed to look, not touch?" Cato asked. "Well, depends on the person. It really isn't that bad unless they're going to try and do something inappropriate," Finnick explained. "Although, Loverboy still needs to adjust to how handsy these women really are." He lowered his voice to a whisper. "He's a little shy, bless him." Why would a shy boy become a stripper? "He's going to be onstage soon," Finnick told him. "You have to stick around to see his show." Cato decided he would do just that. When he returned to Clove, she was smirking at him. "What?" he asked as he handed her her drink. "Flirting, were we?" she asked. "What? With him?" Cato asked back, jerking his thumb in Finnick's direction. "You've got to be joking." Clove didn't look convinced but rolled her eyes, not bothering to try and push the point. Cato's eyes drifted to her hand, where the cherry was still sitting. While the current dancer finished their routine, Cato glanced behind himself, his interest peaking when he saw that Loverboy was gone. The blushing boy took up all his thoughts, he couldn't help wondering what the boy's talent was going to be and why Finnick suggested he stayed to see it. Was it going to be common? Unique? Something he'd never seen done before? Loverboy came onstage shortly after the third dancer since the interval. He'd changed clothes since Cato last saw him with the women. He still wore a hoodie, but one of different style to the backless one. It was grey with ripped short sleeves and was high cut, ending just below the young boy's pectrocals to exhibit his pale stomach. A pair of black stretchy gym shorts were low slung and extremely tight. He was coated in glitter, like he had bathed in it before he came out, the sequins sparkling on his ivory skin like tiny diamonds. He was greeted by loads of clapping and squealing, Clove shoving her fingers into her mouth and doing a wolf whistle, a talent that still baffled Cato to this day. The women from earlier were especially load and Cato could swear he could see Loverboy's cheeks turn pink in embarrassment. It was actually quite cute. Curious as to what his talent was, Cato watched Loverboy carefully. The young boy produced a cherry stem, holding it up for everyone to see. A spotlight homed in on the stem, the bright light making Loverboy blink in surprise. The white bulb's glow made his blue eyes sparkle and Cato couldn't take his own eyes off the boy. Loverboy put the stem into his mouth and sealed his lips shut. He started moving his tongue around inside his mouth, doing something Cato couldn't figure out to the stem. While he did this, he heaved himself up onto the stripper pole that sat in the middle of the stage. Cato couldn't help staring at the dancer's thighs as they clenched to keep him up on the pole as he let go with his hands and let himself fall, hanging from the pole like a child from a jungle gym. How could someone's legs keep them up on a pole without giving out? It would take extreme strength and effort. Cato's mouth hung open as Loverboy grabbed the pole with his hands again and slowly slid down it until the tip of his red wedge sneaker skimmed the floor. He dipped backwards, throwing his arm over his head and hanging on with only one. Cato couldn't keep his eyes off the boy's body as he did his routine. He was unbelieveably flexible and his movements were smooth and sexy. The stretchy shorts hugged what had to be the most perfect bubble butt he had ever seen before in his entire life, tightening and tugging with every movement the dancer made. The way he danced and grinded against the pole made Cato want to drag him off into one of the private dance rooms and fuck him blind. It felt like Loverboy knew the effect he was having on him and was teasing him personally, especially when he'd hook his thumb into the shorts and pull them down just the slightest of bits to show off his hipbones or the way his eyes rolled behind his head in an almost ectasy like state whenever he'd press his back against the pole and let it rub up and down the cleft of his ass whenever he moved. At the very end, Loverboy slut dropped, sliding his back down the pole until he reached the floor, and crawled to the edge of the stage on his hands and knees. Cato had almost forgotten about the cherry stem in the boy's mouth but was astounded-along with most of the other clubbers-when he opened wide and stuck his tongue out, producing the stem. It was knotted into a tight figure eight knot, sitting neatly in the middle of his pretty, pink tongue. He did that with just his mouth?! "Fuck, that was different. I wonder what else he could do with that tongue," Clove commented, looking almost stunned. She took in Cato's expression and chuckled. "I haven't seen your face like that since I told you to watch Two girls One Cup." "I wonder what his real name is," Cato wondered. " That's what you're wondering after that performance?!" No, I'm actually wondering how far I could get those bendy legs to stretch if I were to ever fuck him. Clove smirked. "I'm totally getting that kid to give you a lap dance when he comes back out." Cato snorted. "Yeah, no thanks Clove," he said. "I'm alright. I don't