A/N: Oh my god I managed to write a non 'M' Peetato fic! *Le gasp!* Okay, this one is definitely a one shot for Valentine's Day. This is all there is going to be! (: Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. Day One: The screeching of wheels woke him up as the alarm clock bolted off the bedside table and raced across his bedroom, wailing at the high volume, demanding to be heard. Peeta groaned and hauled himself up, knowing the clock wasn't going to stop until we got up and switched it off. It was a clever way to get someone to wake up but was annoying as hell at the same time. "Peeta Mellark, switch that goddamn clock off or god help me I am going to throw it into the garbage shoot!" His mother screamed from her bedroom. "Doing it now mother," Peeta called back. He kicked the clock as he passed it on his way to the bathroom, silencing it's insistant screeching. His mother came out of her bedroom at the same time as him with a face on her that could scare the alarm clock into silence on its own. "I swear to god Mellark, you're going to be the death me," she muttered angrily. "Sorry," Peeta muttered, moving around her to get to the bathroom. His mother really wasn't a morning person and loathed the fact that he had to get up early every morning to go to college. Actually, she loathed the fact that he decided to go to college in the first place instead of just working for her at the bakery. "That alarm clock is going in the bin," Mrs. Mellark called as shut the bathroom door. "Whatever you think's best mother," Peeta said back. He didn't understand why his mother hated him so much just because he didn't want to work in the family bakery. She was lucky she had him when she needed help rebuilding the place after the accident. Then again, the accident was his fault so it was only fitting that he helped rebuild. Peeta sighed and went to the sink, shutting his eyes and taking the mirror down. His mother knew he hated the mirror being up but keep putting it up just to get on his nerves. He quickly got washed and dressed so that she didn't start having a go about how long he takes getting ready. There was always something for her to complain about, he didn't want to add that onto the list. "You took the mirror down again!" His mother exclaimed when she went in. "Just put it back up," he told her, shoving his art supplies into his book bag. "I wouldn't have to put it back up if you didn't keep taking it down!" Peeta rolled his eyes and decided it was best not to respond, instead just going down stairs into the bakery and grabbing a crossiant on the way out to eat on the way to school. Madge was already waiting for him outside the store, her back to the window as she read a book. "What are you reading now?" he asked her when he came out. " The Eye of Minds ," Madge answered, closing the book and slipping it into her bag. "I bought it thinking it wasn't part of a series so that I wouldn't get roped into another fandom but then I realized there's a sequel. The Rule of Thoughts is the next one. Isn't there any books out there that aren't part of an ongoing series?" "If you don't want to get roped into another series, why don't you just stop?" Peeta asked. The streets were buzzing with life. Students going to school; adults going to work; cars racing down the road; birds chirping merrily from their hide outs in the trees. The sky was grey, a sign of rain, which pretty much matched Peeta's mood every morning. There hadn't been sunshine in ages and it was depressing to be trapped in darkness nearly every day. "Because I have to know how it ends," Madge answered. Peeta laughed. "That's how they get you," he said. "That's why I check if a book is part of a series or not." "Yeah, okay, saint Mellark," Madge replied, bumping him with her hip. "Sorry I can't think ahead like you." She tapped his book bag with her elbow and asked, "So what are you working on now?" "The human body," Peeta answered. "Is that were you have to get a nude model in to stand in the middle of the room and pose while everyone else paints it?" Madge snickered, putting a hand over her mouth to try and smother her amusement. "In some cases yes-" Madge burst out laughing. "Would you mature a little bit?" Peeta asked. Madge shook her head and continued to laugh, cackling for a good five minutes before taking deep breaths to calm herself down. When she finally stopped, she nodded her head in a keep going gesture. "We're not doing that because the college is too cheap to pay for a model." "Wait, then how are you going to get your marks?" Madge frowned, suddenly serious. Peeta shrugged. "I don't know," he said. "I'm just trying to do what I can with what I know." They crossed the road and walked around the corner that lead to the college just as spots of rain started falling from the sky. Madge pulled her jacket over her head, the black material making her look like a nun going to church. Not really having thought to bring a jacket-even though it had been raining every day for the past two months-Peeta couldn't do anything but let himself get wet. Still, it wasn't that bad. It wasn't like he was going to melt anyhow. "This place is a cheap hole," Madge complained as they went through the large iron gates and made their way across campus. "I can't believe they're risking your marks just because they can't be bothered to spend a little money on a model. Oh! I could do it for free, then they wouldn't have an excuse!" "Madge, would you really pose nude in front of my entire art class?" Peeta asked flatly. "Uh . . . Okay, change of plan," the girl replied, "I find someone who'll do it for free." "Honestly, it doesn't matter," Peeta insisted. "Your mother isn't going to be happy if you fail your class." "My mother's never happy." They parted ways in the foyer, Madge going up the stairs and Peeta just having to go up the corridor. There was a part of him that wished that Madge was in the same room as him, or even the same floor, because she was the only person who talked to him. On a normal level anyway. Ever since the accident, he could practically see the pity in everyone else's eyes, treating him like a piece of glass when they were talking that was going to smash him they say the wrong thing. His art teacher was late again. Peeta couldn't believe how much this school didn't give a damn about their pupils. Sometimes he wondered if he would have been better off just working in the bakery instead of frittering away his time in a class where the teacher is always late and they won't pay for a model for an exam that will be 44% of their final mark. Still, it was better that spending his time at home listening to his mother pick and peck at every little thing he did wrong. He pulled his sketchpad out while they waited on the teacher coming, opening it to a fresh page and pulling his pencil out from behind his ear. He wasn't going to commit to drawing anything in perfect detail, since he didn't even know when the teacher was coming, so just mindlessly sketched out the giant window in the class room, drawing out the tidal wave of rain that was currently battering the glass. When the teacher finally arrived, there was only half an hour left and decided that there was no point in starting anything. Everyone else was fine with it but Peeta had to grit his teeth to stop himself saying something about it that he'd regret later. The class was dismissed but he stayed behind, deciding that he might as well get something done because even though everyone else didn't care about their exams, he knew that he defnitely did. He stayed behind for another hour, touching up some of the work he already done and doing a new piece as well. Madge was right, if he failed this class, his mother was going to tear his head off his shoulders. The rain started getting really heavy so he decided that he should get home before it got really bad. He put his stuff into his book bag and left, wishing he could stay in the comforting quiet of the room for a while longer, instead of going back to his pessemistic mother. It was easier when his dad was here. When his brothers were here. When in their presence, his mother had always been happy. When their family was whole , his mother was always happiest. But they weren't whole. They were broken, pieces of them all scattered everywhere. Peeta and his mother were the only people from their original family set still in Panem. Mrs. Mellark always blamed him for what happened. Then again, in a way, he deserved the blame. Peeta was so lost in his thoughts that he bumped into someone in the foyer. He dropped his bag and his stuff spilled out onto the floor. He inwardly cursed. Just his luck. Hopefully his work wasn't damaged. "Oh god, sorry," the person he bumped into said. Peeta shook his head, getting to his knees and gathering his stuff up. Nothing looked too damaged, thank goodness. His mother wasn't going to dish out for any more supplies. What he had was what he had to use. The person crouched beside him and handed him his sketchbook. "Thanks," Peeta muttered, shoving it into his bag. He glanced up and paused. He didn't know this guy, he hadn't seen him around anywhere. Peeta sat back and frowned. It wasn't that he knew everyone who went to the college but he pretty much saw everyone around somewhere. But he didn't reconize this guy's fascinating green eyes or scruffy blond hair. "I've seen you somewhere before," the stranger said, a calculating frown on his face as if he was trying to figure it out. Peeta frowned. "I don't think so," he replied. "No, not personally. You were in the paper last year or something," the stranger insisted. "Your father and brother were killed?" Peeta's eyes widened, startled by the statement. Yes, there had been an article in the paper a couple of months ago about the accident and himself and his mother had been included, along with his older brother Wheat, as the only survivors. "Um, yeah," he muttered, standing up. "Sorry for bumping into you." He turned to walk away but the stranger grabbed his wrist and stopped him. "Sorry, that was insensitive," he said. "I was just trying to place where I'd seen you before." "Well, you know now," Peeta replied. He turned to leave again but the stranger wouldn't let go. "I'm Cato," he said. "Peeta." "Nice to meet you, Peeta," Cato grinned. "Er, you too." His fingers clutched the book bag strap so tight he could practically feel his knuckles turning white. "Um, can you . . . let go of my wrist, please?" Cato looked at Peeta's wrist, as if just realizing he was still holding onto him. He let go, almost reluctantly, and smiled sheepishly. "Sorry," he said. "It's fine." Peeta let go of his bag strap and wrapped his hand around his wrist, the skin Cato had been holding burning like