A/N: So I'm writing this instead of my 'Fifty Shades of Hadley' idea but it's basically the same principal. This is based off an awesome story I'm reading on Booksiesilk called 'Honor thy Master' by Eros Cupid. I'd definitely recommend it, it's awesome! :D Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. Chapter One: Innocence Doesn't Exist The day began, as any other day, with the sun rising. It was a weird thing to note but, every day, on the dot, Peeta woke up at sunrise. He nudged the curtains out of the way with his fingers and peered out the window. The sky was on fire, lit up with soft oranges and firey yellows. The sky was alight, almost like God had lit a match and held it against the clouds just to watch them sparkle as they burned. Peeta climbed out of bed and stretched his tired limbs. He shivered as his bones cracked into place and padded into the bathroom to wash up. It was the baker in him that still woke up so early, never having adjusted to having a job that started at a later hour. As he made his way across the hall, Peeta popped his head into his brother Rye's room. Huh, he wasn't there. Odd. Maybe he was staying with Wheat tonight . . . Rye alternated between living with Peeta and living with Wheat because he was the jobless middle child who couldn't afford his own apartment. He wasn't broke, Peeta knew he had money, but he spends it all as soon as he gets it. And Peeta had never seen his brother work a day in his life. So there had always been the mystery of where Rye's money came from. Still, Peeta always found that it was better not to ask. Especially where Rye was concerned. Once dressed, Peeta rung Delly, who he could always trust to be up this early as well. "Sup P-dog," his friend answered. "So you're a gangster now?" Peeta snickered, brushing the crumbs off his kitchen counter from his breakfast and heading to the door. He always went for a walk as dawn broke before he had to go to work for the day. "No, I just wanted an interesting introduction," Delly giggled. "You coming to the group tonight?" The group Peeta and Delly attended was an LGBT support group for individuals struggling with their sexuality. It was a good group, everyone who attended where extremely supportive and not at all judgemental. Peeta had discovered the group when he had been tossed out by his mother for admitting that he was struggling with his sexuality. That was how he had met Delly, actually, as she was a trans-gender struggling to be accepted into society for who she was. She had recently gotten her surgery and desperately wanted to leave her life as Dywhite behind. Even though Delly had finally come to terms with who she was, she still attended with Peeta for support, as he was still struggling to discover who he was. The thing was, Peeta couldn't get to grips with the term 'sexuality'. Did it mean who a person is attracted to, or did it imply something deeper? If someone asked him, he identified as bi but he wasn't completely sure. It was a grey area for him, weird and extremely confusing. And the support group did help him. Sort of. "Yeah, I might swing by," Peeta said, wedging the phone between his ear and shoulder as he took his coat off the hook and stuck his keys into the door. "When should we meet? Five, six?" "Go five, my hair appointment was cancelled anyway," Delly replied. "I'll see you then?" "You got it." "Byeeee." "See you." Peeta hung up and dropped his phone into his pocket. Let another day begin. But this was going to be a far from ordinary day. ~xXx~ "You see, I don't think that there is just the terms straight and gay," Gloss explained. "I think everyone has it in them. No one knows which the are until there's that spark with the person they love. And even then it's not certain. Who's to say a married man won't later in life see an attractive male and fall for them, as well? And who's to say that a lesbian woman won't meet a man and date him? Sexuality isn't just point A or B. It's this wild, uncontrolled thing that is weird yet fantastic at the same time." Gloss had always been very passionate with his rants. Peeta admired his determination and wished he had the confidence to stand up and express his views like that. Every week the group leader, Seeder, would ask if he had anything he'd like to share, and every time he'd say no. For the first few weeks he thought that everyone else might start thinking he's a freeloader, standing around and not contributing, but eventually he realized that it wasn't about speaking out, it was about seeking help and hopefully finding the advice he needed. "I mean, look at Delly," Gloss pointed at Delly, who blinked in surprise at being actknowledged. "She's had her surgery, MTF. What do you identify as Delly?" "Well, I used to say straight but now I think it might be bi . . ." Delly scratched her head in deep thought, ruffling her golden curls. "You see, the whole idea of sexuality is confusing," Gloss continued. "We're not the weird ones for being honest and admitting that we're a little lost. It's those people out there who act like they're not who are strange. Everyone's a little straight and yes, everyone's a little gay also." "Like when teenagers play that 'if you were gay, who would you screw' games?" Rue asked. "Exactly!" Gloss declared. "Sub-consciously, they're giving truthful answers!" "Interesting views and passionate delivery as usual, Mr Taggart," Seeder smiled. "Okay everyone, I think that will be us for the day. Remember, you're only as sad as you let yourself be." Ah, the group motto. It was inter-changeable. One week it could be 'you're only as sad as you let yourself be' the next it would be 'don't let the fear of what others think change who you are'. All were equally as inspiring but the constant mind changing was a bit tiring. "That Gloss guy was really passionate," Delly noted. "I know, right? I wish I could be that confident in my views," Peeta replied, shoving his hands into his pockets. He was only one who hadn't spoken out yet, even Delly spoke about her surgery. Delly patted his back. "You'll get there someday." Peeta and Delly went in opposite directions, parting on the pavement with a quick hug and farewell. Peeta walked pretty fast, a habit he had since he was a kid trying to get home before the bullies caught up with him, and soon found himself trailing a few metres behind Gloss, who was talking on the phone. "Yeah, I'll get it done tonight I was just at that group," the man said. "Yeah, I don't think they know." Peeta heard some muttering on the other side of the phone but tried to concentrate on something else so he wasn't eavesdropping. The sky was pitch black down and he felt a twinge of disappointment that he had missed the sunset. The expanse of the sky above looked like an oil spill, stretching for miles and curving around and only intervened with small pinpricks were the stars glittered like jewels. "Ryean? Yeah, I know, the idiot's in trouble again," Gloss said. Peeta cocked his head and frowned. Huh, his brother was called Ryean. "Ryean Mellark, I know." Peeta's eyes widened. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and texted Wheat. "Is Rye at ur house?" Wheat texted back immediately. "No. I thought he was wif u." "His brother goes to the group," said Gloss. "Not Wayne, the pretty one. Aye, Peeta." Peeta reached out and grabbed the back of Gloss' jacket, pulling him to a hault. The man turned around, slightly startled, before a grin formed on his face. "Oh hey Peeta." "Why are you talking about my brother?" asked Peeta. Gloss snorted. "Because the idiot's gotten himself in trouble." "Trouble, how?" Peeta's heart started to pound. What had Rye gotten himself into now? "Look, if he's broken something, or stole anything, I'll pay for the damages-" Gloss waved his hand. "It's not me he's offended. It's my boss. I'm just the messenger," he said. Peeta narrowed his eyes. "How did you know my and Wayne's names? I haven't spoken to you before in my entire life," he said. "I know Rye, he's a friend," Gloss explained. "He talks about you." Now that was bullshit. If Rye had a choice, he would deny Wayne and his existance. "You called me pretty," Peeta stated. "Yes, I did." Peeta raised his eyebrows, waiting on an explanation that didn't come. "And . . . ?" he prompted. " And there's nothing else to it. Don't look into things for complications that aren't there," Gloss grinned. He tapped Peeta's nose and seemed amused when he stepped back and scowled. "So, can I go now?" "Wait," Peeta stepped forward again, "do you know where Rye is?" Surely if this man had just been talking about him, he'd know where Rye was. Sometimes Peeta's brother could disappear for months on end if not caught. "I do." Gloss didn't elaborate and started to walk away. "Well, where is he?!" Peeta yelled after him. "Hey asshole, I'm talking to you!" Gloss laughed, the sound echoing around the empty streets. "Wow, Mellark, you've more fire that your brother! I wish Rye had your spirit!" Determined to find out where his brother was and what he had gotten himself into, Peeta followed Gloss, but at a distance, so he didn't suspect him. Peeta lost him twice but soon tracked him down again. He followed him all the way out of town, to an abandoned warehouse with a scratched 18 printed on it. Gloss was no where to be seen. There was somebody lying in the middle of the floor. Peeta's blood ran cold. "Rye!" he yelled, his feet echoing around the warehouse as he ran towards his brother and dropping to his knees beside him. He turned Rye around onto his back and tapped his face. His brother didn't respond. His lip was swollen and there was a bruise under his eye. "Oh god, Rye, wake up!" "Step away from the body." Peeta looked up and saw Gloss come out of the shadows. "What did you do to him?!" he shouted. "It wasn't me, it was my boss." "And who the fuck is your boss, I'd like to have a word with him!" Gloss produced a small pistol from his pocket and any other hateful language died in Peeta's throat. He stood up slowly and backed away a little. "Is he dead?" he finally croaked. "No," Gloss answered. "Dead to the world, yes." He stepped around the body so they were inches apart. "Does anyone else know you're here?" "No," Peeta answered. Gloss nodded and kicked his legs apart, patting him down to make sure he wasn't carrying anything. His fingers roamed his backside before his hands curiously stroked his inner thighs and squeezed his groin. "Do you mind?" Peeta spat, his cheeks flaming in embarrassment. Gloss smirked arrogantly. "You're not carrying any weapons, although that bulge in your pants might be something Cato would be interested in." "Fuck you," snapped Peeta. "What have you done to my brother?" "He'll live, chill," Gloss said. He jerked the gun in his hand. "Follow me." Peeta had no choice but to follow Gloss to the main building and into a small office. "Ryean's brother followed me here. No one knows he's here and I doubt there's anyone who'll come looking for him." An attractive blond man sat with his feet up on a desk. He