A/N: Soooo, this was originally written as a Valentine's Day one-shot but I finished it early so I decided to post it early as well! I'd like to say it's a one-shot but, you know me, I sometimes can't help myself and write more when my mind is blocked from the rest of my stories. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games nor have I ever been haunted by an Incubus. Damnit for the former and a big hooray for the latter! Attack of the Incubus Valentine's Day. A scam fabricated by the chocolate companies to make people buy more of their products and increase business. It was just an excuse to get mushy and lovey dovey. Also an excuse for romance and sex. It was ridiculous, stupid even, that people believed there should be one day where every piece of affection and frilliness and softness should be funnelled into one day. Peeta had always felt this way about the 14th of Feburary. Delly claimed it was because he was being bitter about the fact that he had never had a Valentine before, Madge couldn't agree more with him, and Katniss . . . well, Katniss had a mixed view on it, depending on what her relationship status was with Gale. This had normally led to an array of interesting debates between the four of them, most of these arguments ending with Delly closing herself off and refusing to actknowledge that she was anything but right. This was basically the main reason why Peeta found himself alone every Feburary 14th. Maybe on some level Delly was right, he hated the occasion because he didn't know what it felt like to have a valentine, someone who would take the time to write him a card or send him flowers. Still, he wasn't going to admit this out loud because admitting that Delly was right is basically handing over bragging rights to her for 1,000 years. But whichever way he spun it in his head, Peeta hated Valentine's Day with a great passion. That is, until he started getting stalked by an incubus. Okay, so he didn't immediately come to the conclusion that it was an incubus that was tormenting him (who would exactly, a nutball?), it took a couple of attacks before he actually discovered what it was that was antagonizing him. At first it just seemed like his body was sick of him being a virgin and was flooding him with endorphins to speed things along. But as time grew on, he realized it was something else. It started off just with a rise in temperature. No matter where he was, Peeta found himself sweating his brains out. Madge found it hilarious. She'd fan him off and make jokes about being 'menopausal' and how his period was probably going to end soon which was apparently lucky for him since someone of his age didn't need to get pregnant anyhow. Peeta didn't think much of it until one day he woke up and felt like he was roasting as usual but went to the window and realized it was snowing outside. Fucking snowing! His heating wasn't even turned on, he should be freezing his ass off! But, no, he was still unnaturally warm. Checking syptoms online, Peeta concluded that he was probably just getting a fever. After that day, he woke up and felt normal again. He passed it off as definitely having had the fever and went back to daily life. But the day the intense heat stopped was the day he started feeling . . . things. It was like someone was constantly breathing down his neck, following him everywhere and watching his every move. Still, something like that could be chalked down to imagination, right? It wasn't until about a week later that he was working at the bakery and glanced up at his reflection in the window and actually saw, properly saw , his hair move like someone had brushed their fingers through it. At that exact moment he actually felt nails brush across his scalp and a slight tug on his roots. But there wasn't anyone there. Peeta was definitely spooked at this point but convinced himself that the window in the bakery had been open and a breeze had moved his hair, that was all it was. He didn't tell anyone because of the simple reason that he didn't believe in supernatural beings and came up with logical explanations for everything that happened him. That is, until it first touched him at night. The touches came off as a cold tingly sensation brushing various parts of his body. It would alternate every night, along his arms, up his legs, across his stomach. It was a weird feeling and had him scared shitless to go to bed every night. At least it was just small touches, he'd told himself, nothing too . . . well . . . vulgar. It was when he fell alseep in his clothes one night and woke up with his shirt shifted up to his neck and his pants unbuttoned and hanging low on his hips that he began to worry. He lay in bed, almost paralysed in fear, as he felt the hands touch him. It wasn't a voilent touch, nor was it completely gentle either, and he didn't know how to make it stop. Since he couldn't go to anyone he knew (Madge, Delly and Katniss certainly weren't the sort of people who'd believe him if he tried to convince them he was being molested by someone he couldn't see) so Peeta found himself resorting to the one thing he had always despised. Writing his problem on a ghost site. He didn't expect to get a reply since, of course, it was very unlikely that he was experiencing anything wrong. Almost an hour later, he had five replies. Jeez, these people really didn't waste time, did they? The first comment that wasn't a religious nut telling him to pray and exorcise the room was a member of the site and was called LuvmeH8u . She wrote: From what you're describing it seems that you're being haunted by a-depending on your sexual oreintation-succubus or an incubus. A succubus is a female spirit who prays on straight men or lesbian women (depending on what she's after) and an incubus is a male spirit who prays on straight woman or gay men (again, depending on what he's after). These spirits are relentless when it comes to what they want and the best thing to do is resist as much as you can and don't let them seduce you. The easiest way to rid yourself of one of these demons is to pray to Jesus or exorcise yourself and your room. And, if you're not religious, well, just do what you can to forbid them of what they want. It will be difficult but you say they've been doing this to you for a great deal of time so I'd say they've probably gotten attached. God bless you and I hope you are able to rid yourself of your demons. That didn't sound promising at all. Peeta wasn't religious at all but how was he supposed to deny a spirit he couldn't see his body? Especially when he's sleeping. He started to read other people's experiences with Incubi (he was a gay man so he guessed that this spirit was a guy, like LuvmeH8u had said) and found that their stories were very similar to his. Increased body temperature then unwanted caresses leading to stripping in their sleep, all of the stories ending the same way . . . With either sexual assualt or rape. Peeta swallowed hard. Oh god, that didn't sound good at all. Even as he read the stories, he could feel the Incubus' presence in the room, breathing down his neck as usual. It radiated heat and it didn't seem to like the paranormal site at all. Almost instantly, a cold wind rushed past him and the laptop hiccuped and the site shut down. He couldn't get it back and all he really knew about what was happening was the explanation he had gotten from LuvmeH8u . Once he knew what he was dealing with, the caresses got more . . . noticable. Peeta would feel such things as a tugging on his hair, kisses to the back of his neck, hands exploring his torso, sometimes the shifting of his shirt or jacket. It was incredibly distracting and Peeta felt ridiculous swatting away something that didn't even feel like was there. He wished the damn thing had a form so he could punch the pervert in the neck. The incubus sometimes even filled his head with dirty thoughts and it felt like the spirit was trying to make him give in by actually talking dirty to him. Eventually, the incubus did assualt him, and it was the most amazing thing Peeta had ever experienced. For an assualt anyhow . . . He had been sleeping on his stomach on the sofa in the living room when he felt the incubus touching him again with the standard caresses. Suddenly there was a great pressure on his back, pinning him into the cushions and he couldn't move at all. The spirit's hands crept under his shirt and started stimulating his nipples until they were achingly hard. Then the thing slipped its invisible hand under his pants and pushed what felt like a finger into his behind. Peeta hadn't really known what to do but he moaned and rolled his hips back, bunching the fabric of the sofa up in his hands and letting the incubus do as it pleased. He found himself rubbing his crotch against the sofa cushions, so turned on that rational thought had gone right out the window. Finally he had remembered what LuvmeH8u had told him and he jerked away, falling off the couch with a yelp. Deny the spirit what it wanted, that's what he had to do. It was the night of Valentine's day when the whole thing exploded into something much more real. Delly had gone out with her boyfriend Darius for a double date with Katniss and Gale. Even Madge-valentine hater Madge -was doing something with a partner. Peeta couldn't believe how much of a loner he was on what was supposedly the most romantic nights of the year. The incubus hadn't showed up which he had thought was strange, since it was Valentine's Day and all. Even the goddamn spirit who haunted him didn't want to be with him that night. Did he repel people on the 14th or something? Did he exude something that made them all not want to be around him something? Why did he care anyway, since he hated Valentine's Day so much? At least Madge had been thinking of him, he thought, as he read the pity Valentine card written in her handwriting with a Guess who? written at the bottom. All the channels on his t.v were taken up with soppy rom-coms and steamy erotic films on the adult section. He hadn't meant to flick to that part of the channel guide but his remote had fucked up and he clicked the wrong thing. Worst of all, it was one of those gay porn programmes that were unrealistic and based off stereotypes. Rolling his eyes, Peeta switched the t.v off and just sat in silence, wondering why the hell he wasn't out doing something since he got a day off tomorrow for the supposed 'holiday'. Was Valentine's Day even a bloody holiday anyhow? According to his parents, yes. Either that or they were just trying to find an excuse to have a day off themselves. Not that Peeta was complaining about the day off, he just didn't know what the hell he was going to do all day since his friends were very likely going to be recovering from extreme hangovers and very probably sore from