Trust Me For Sweet Girl S2 No matter how many times you try to keep your head down, keep yourself shrouded in the shadows, someone will always find you. Someone will always see you, whether you like it or not. Peeta had never been a party person. He didn't know why he was there at all. To make his parents happy, he supposed. They had been worrying about him over the past few months, thinking there was something wrong with him just because he didn't want to go outside as often as most people his age. He didn't interact with others very often and he prefered to be in his room reading over being out with friends. Not that he had friends to be out with anyway. It was why he left early. That and that you can't concentrate on a book with Avcii pounding in your eyes. The saying goes that you're not supposed to walk home late at night on your own. Call a parent, leave with friends, just never go alone. But it was very late and Peeta didn't want to wake any of his family up, nor did he have friends to walk home with, so he just went on his own. Besides, he always kept to himself, no one would be interested in murdering him in the night. There wouldn't be much to get from it. Peeta guessed that he could disappear overnight and nobody would notice. The only way back to his parents bakery was through an alleyway that was supposed to be abandoned but was a popular drinking spot for underage teens and late night partiers. Peeta had never been through it at night time but prayed that it was no different than during the day. Nervous fingers tightened around the edges of his book, clutching it to his chest as he walked through as quickly as he could. He took no notice of puddles and garbage debris, always having hated the alleyway and everything it represented. A group of men were standing near the half-way point and the closer Peeta got, the stronger the alcohol scent got. He turned up his nose, steeling himself to pass them, only to be stopped by an arm blocking his path. "Well, well, well, lookie what we have here," one of the men said, tipping a bottle of liqour back and swallowing a good portion of it. Peeta breathed in through his nose and let it out through his mouth. "Excuse me sir, I need to get past," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. God, he had to learn to toughen up, the weaker he sounded, the more easier a piece of prey he was going to seem. The men laughed at him. Peeta wondered what was so funny. He just wanted to get through. What was so amusing about that? "He needs to get past," the man blocking his path said, his voice light as his teasing him. Peeta's heart sped but he tried not to show it on his face. "What's a pretty young thing like you doing out this late at night?" "I was at a party," Peeta muttered, trying not to make these men laugh any more than they already had. They were all clearly intoxicated and he knew how easily offended drunk people could be. They could be very bi-polar people. "Now will you please let me past?" "Did you have fun at the party?" another man said. This one was holding a metal flask, which he drank from few minutes. "Not particulary, no," answered Peeta. He tried to crawl underneath the first man's arm but he was pushed back. Panic began to rise in the pit of his stomach. What did these people want with him? "That's why I'm trying to get home." "Aw, pretty boy didn't have fun at the party," a third man's voice purred, this time right beside his ear. Peeta flinched, inching away fearfully. "Maybe we should show him what it's like to have a good time." "That's not necessary," the young boy answered. "I just want to go home." The man with the metal flask laughed and touched Peeta's face with grubby fingers. The touch was alarming and Peeta jerked his head away, shocked that they had the nerve to touch him at all. He knew confidence was key but confidence had always been something he never had. He cursed himself for being unable to remember anything he had been told when that woman had come to his school to talk about self defence. "You don't know what we're going to do yet," the first man said. He roughly grabbed Peeta and pushed him against the nearest wall. Peeta's head hit the brickwork, making everything slid out of focus. He clutched his book desperately against his chest, terrified as to what was going to happen to him. As to what was going to be done to him. "You never know, you might enjoy it." "I just want to go home," Peeta repeated. "And you will," the third man leered. He prised Peeta's book out of his hands and dropped it onto the wet ground. "After we have some fun together." The night was so lonely, no one was there to hear him scream. ~xXx~ Six months later: Cato hated moving to a new school Not that he believed it was going to be like the movies portrayed it, that everyone was immediately going to have a distaste towards him and mock him for his imperfections (even though he didn't have freckles, glasses, braces, or any of the other cliche imperfections that apparently merited being bullied), he just honestly couldn't be bothered starting anew. Making new friends, new connections, making sure he made good impressions on the teachers. All of it had to be done again, all of it had to be repeated. Normally, on a first day in a new school, Cato would spend some time on his own. Get the feel of the place, grow accustomed to his timetable, figure out who are the nice teachers and who are the ones to avoid at all costs. But this school was different, Capitol High didn't let new students wander around, they were given a guide. "Look, I'm not that into the whole 'guide' thing. I only applied for a senior position because it would look good on my CV," the kid he was stuck with-his name was Marvel-explained. They were walking side by side down the seemingly endless corridor and every so often Cato's 'guide' would point out different rooms and the teachers inside of those rooms. "I'm not too into it, either. I'm probably as happy as you are about it," Cato answered. "Good, because I'm not going to be your fairy godmother, waving my wand and saving you from the bad kids if you get yourself in trouble," Marvel said, stuffing his hands into his pockets. "I wouldn't expect you to," replied Cato. He wasn't planning on getting trouble with 'the big kids' but the need presented itself then he was extremely capable of looking after himself. Plus, Marvel looked about as helpful in a fight as a new born kitten. "However, the senior badge does have perks," Marvel continued. "I have access to the staff room and the coffee machine in the canteen. Tragically only a select few of us can have the 'honour' of wearing the badge and the picking out is very, very selective." "Can't be that selective, if someone who doesn't give a damn got a badge," Cato said. Marvel threw him a dirty look but it was like water off a duck's back for the amount of damns Cato gave. It was his first day, he wanted to get used to it alone, not be trollied around by some wanna-be senior prefect. "Look dude, don't be difficult, I'm just doing what Prinicpal Snow told me to," Marvel replied. He stopped at a door in the middle of the hall. "That's Miss Trinket's room, your form class. I'll meet you here at break time to show you everywhere else. In the meantime, don't get yourself in any trouble, alright? Because I'll have to deal with it." "Whatever you say, Fairy Godmother," Cato shrugged, leaving Marvel in the hallway contemplating whether he should have brought up the fairy godmother concept or should have just left it alone. The class wasn't anything special. On your first day there's always a tiny expectancy that your class are going to be different. Like full of swots sitting up straight in their seats or not-giving-a-damn badass who constantly break the rules because they think it makes them awesome. Which it obviously doesn't. But Miss Trinket's class was just a bunch of kids, the room covered with fluttering conversation, like any class would on any oridinary Wednesday morning. It was like she appeared out of thin air. One minute the space in front of him was empty, the next a blonde girl who's head only reached the top of his chest was smiling up at him. "Hi!" she said. "I'm Delly Cartwright. Are you the new guy Miss Trinket was talking about?" Whoa, her smile was almost blinding. "Uh, yeah, I guess," Cato replied. Delly ginned, making her smile so blinding it could probably be seen from a satelitte in space. "I know you probably already have a guide but if you have any questions then my door is always open. My metaphorical door anyway." "Delly, give the guy five minutes to breathe." A raven haired girl a little bit taller than Delly rolled her eyes and jerked her thumb over her shoulder at a group of kids gossiping at the back of the room. "Go back to your friends, they're talking about the kid who's mom had to come and give him pants the other day." Delly scowled but the pull of gossip was too strong and she returned to her friends. The dark haired girl turned to Cato and grinned. "Sorry about her," she said. "She can be a bit much. Name's Clove." "Cato," Cato replied. Clove nodded and turned around, waving around her hand around the room. "Alright, break down." She pointed at Delly's group of friends and announced, "Okay, you've got your gossipers. You don't want to hang around them because if you do and you confide in them, your secrets will be spread around the entire school by the end of the week." Ugh, gossips. They really needed to get a life of their own. Clove then pointed at a group of kids dressed in black. "Goths. If that's your sort of thing, go for it, but I wouldn't recommend it." Her finger drifted to five relatively normal looking girls. "Bitchs. They'll act like they like you and will rip you to pieces behind your back." She looked at Cato. "I hope you're taking all this down." Cato tapped his temple. "Mentally," he said. Clove pointed at table with two girls with blonde hair who were engaged in what looked like an avid debate. "That's Glimmer and Madge. My friends. If you want to survive here, stay with us." "Right," Cato said slowly. Out of everyone he met so far, Clove seemed the most normal. And he did want to survive. "I'll stay with you then." Clove winked. "Good choice. Follow me." She wove around the tables and stopped at the two blonde girls-Glimmer and Madge. "Guys, this is the new guy, Cato. He made the smart decision to come and sit with us instead of being bored to death with Delly and co." "Hey Cato," both girls welcomed at once. Clove sat down on a seat to left and gestured at an empty one beside Madge for Cato. "So, Cato, take a pew," she said, "and tell us why you decided to join our humble halls instead of one of the swanky grammar schools up the hall." "Nothing interesting. My family just moved here on business," Cato