Edward I am getting ready to go to my night psych class, University of Seattle. As vampires, we are weird creatures. Having lived for nearly a millennium there are not many things I enjoy anymore. Luckily, attending college and further educating myself is one of my pleasures. Throwing myself in my studies prevents me from spending too much time at home. The mansion we currently live in is enormous, but unbearable for me; I have suffered for too long in the presence of my beloved siblings. I love them and cherish them, but their happiness drives me crazy. Mating is a once in a lifetime event and no matter how many female or male vampires I have met, I can't find mine. Maybe I am broken. Reading their minds and hearing the evidence of their obvious attraction to me makes matter worse because I know I don't reciprocate. I believe that if I could experience what Emmett and Jasper feel and think with their mates, I might have found mine a long time ago… but, I can't change reality. No matter how much I wish to. I enter my class and take a seat in the very back of the class. As a predator I don't like to have anyone on my back, I feel threatened, even if it is mare humans. I take out my pretend notebook and get ready for the class. I feel my phone buzz and take is out to read the text. Saw the male. Jasper and Emmett will be moving in on him later tonight and they could use your help. –Alice. I exhale deeply. For a week we have been hearing about weird attacks in the city of Seattle on the news. They don't have a suspect yet, but we know better. It is our job as the leaders of the vampire community to protect our existence. That means taking measures when needed. Most times they are harsh and terrible. In the past we have tried giving second chances, but they all ended up worse and they thought we were soft. They thought wrong. After the terrible mistake of letting Sonia go the first time, we allowed the creation of immortal children. That was on us. Never again. That was two hundred years ago. Now we take action when our existence is threatened before it can go too far. Each creator is responsible for the vampires they turn, if they are found guilty, so are they. As a family rule we don't feed from humans, we are "vegetarian". The other family like is are the Denali coven, currently holding sixteen members. We have allowed them to enter our government because of it and for the past few hundred years they have helped us to uphold the law. We encourage others to follow our diet, but do not enforce it. Bored. Busy. Take your pick; I am not joining. Ask Kate to go with them instead. –Edward I hit sent and put my phone back in my pocket. The rest of the classroom is filled and no one has taken the seat next to me. Thankfully! "Who is texting you, Sir?" Demetri asks me overexcitedly, as always. I exhale. "Alice." "Of course. Anything interested for us tonight?" he asks me. I look over the edge of my eye at him, twenty feet away on his own desk, practically bouncing on his seat in excitement. He looks like a puppy. "Nope. Kate is probably taking over," I tell him and immediately see his disappointment. His shoulders slouch and his head bows down as he whines, "Awww," his disappointment doesn't last long. He straightens and bounces again on his seat as he gets excited about the next thing, "Can we go hunting after this?" Unfortunately for me he has better stamina than a puppy and doesn't need to take naps between each happy thought. "No!" I say and pinch my noise so I don't get up and ripe him to pieces. We don't need to hunt that often at our age and I can read his thoughts. He just wants to hunt for the fun of it, not thirst. "Man," he whines, "You are no fun," he pouts for a second. Then another idea hits him, "How about we go to that frat party? I heard there would a lot of cute girls and buffy jerks to intimidate," He tells me in a whisper and I see him perk up at the possibility of messing with humans. Demetri gets a sick pleasure out of antagonizing boys into games of strength. As a vampire he always wins and there is no competition. "You do know that this is dangerous right?" I ask him. "How so?" His complete ignorance is astounding some times. I look at the humongous vampire. His gifts were only given to his physical aspects, not his intellectual side. Contrary to me. I am skinny and small, but crazy smart. The only one who can take Demetri on in a fight is Emmett. Hence his bodyguard title. I was against the idea of having a bodyguard, but Emmett and Jasper overruled me and the law passed. Now I have to tolerate their presence for that one chance that someone would be too much for me to take and I would need backup. Lately, whenever we go to do a job, I let them have all the fun, so they give me a few minutes of peace afterwards. "Human girls get obsessive over their crushes and they pay close attention to them. Having girls fall in love with you would make them pay attention to the signs that show you are vampire that they would otherwise ignore," Alec says from outside the room where he is standing guard. Unnecessarily. Yes, I have two bodyguards. Demetri; overly enthusiastic, charming, annoying. Alec; brooding, calculating, annoying. Maybe I am the only one that finds them annoying. Everyone else finds them hilarious, especially my siblings. They say they wish they has two bodyguards like them, but when I offered to trade, no one took me up on it. "Fine. I won't touch the girls. I will just break some bones from the jocks and call it a day." Demetri counters and bunces enthusiastically on his seat again. "Shut up," I bark at them and they go silent. Almost, I can hear Alec pacing and Demetri bouncing on his seat. I pinch my eyes with my fingers. My phone buzzes and I roll my eyes as I fish it out again. DO NOT BREATHE –Alice. I stare at the text with a frown, but I choose to do as my sister says. She usually has a good reason when she sends me warnings in capital letters. I stop allowing the air from entering my nose and scan the room. The reason why I should not breath is so I wouldn't smell. Smell… what? Then I see the most beautiful woman I have ever laid eyes on enter the classroom followed by the professor right behind her. I am stunned and I feel my eyes widen just a little bit. Her hair has the most massive volume I have seen on a person. It is long, thick and puffy. It goes down to the middle of her thighs and floats around her back so it is visible from the front even when her body blocks some of it. It looks unbelievably soft. She scans the room quickly looking for an empty seat and makes a beeline for the one next to me. Fuck. I guess her only other option was sitting next to Demetri and he looks intimidating as fuck. "Alright class. Make yourselves comfortable and listen." The professor says as she sinks into the seat next to me and exhales deeply. I see her body relax noticeably and she looks around at the people in the class. Her eyes fall at me and they widen. I can't move and I can't think. All I can do is look at her cheeks flush red as she stares back at me. Is she as gorgeous as I think or am I just horny? Her eyes are the most exquisite brown I have ever seen with swirls of amber in them. Same as her hair with a faint red glisten to them. Cute, small nose and bitable lips. Don't think about anything bitable, Cullen . "Hi," she says a little hoarsely, clears her throat and proceeds, "I am Bella Swan." I nod my head. I was instructed not to breath and I am straining not to talk. "Do you have a paper and pen I could use? I totally forgot mine," she says and looks down embarrassed. Wordlessly I push my notebook and pen to her. "Thank you." She rips a page off and looks at the other students around. She asks the girl in front of her for one of the ten pens on the desk and she reluctantly gives it to her. Bella pushes my things back and thanks me again. I nod and turn my head ahead. The professor has started class but I am barely paying attention. Bella starts taking notes frantically and I almost laugh at her terrible handwriting. How can such a beautiful creature write so ugly? I can feel her heat coming from her body and I hear her heart beat steadily, fast but steady. The professor announces that we will be working in groups for the rest of the semester and our partners are the ones sitting next to us right now; since we are mostly strangers anyways. Fuck, again. Bella smiles a little and turns her head towards me, "So, since we will be spending a lot of time together for the next few months, what's your name?" She looked at me with such expectation that I decided to just go for it. Digging my fingers on my knees I say really fast, "Edward Cullen." Why the hell would you give her your real name ? I hear Alec think. My throat is burning with flames I have not felt in years. She smells divine! I see her eyes widen at my name and then narrow as she looks at mine, no doubt seeing them turn from amber to pitch black with hunger. Every part of my body is electrified with the need to lean forward and smell her again right before I sink my diamond hard teeth into her buttery flesh and enjoy the searing hot fluid sooth the burn in the back of my throat. Her eyes are still locked in mine and in the back of my mind I think that is weird because most humans can't stare at us for too long. My most pressing thoughts are occupied with plans of feeding on her and covering it up. Years of being an Elder has taught me to always cover my tracks. In order for me to kill her right here I would have to get rid of her body and any evidence that I did it. That meant killing everyone else in this room as well. I am sure that Demetri wouldn't mind helping. Alec would protest as the more logical one. I counted; 57 people. That's a lot. But she would be worth it. No, she wouldn't. Massacring a classroom full of people would definitely draw some attention and that was what I had dedicated my life on; preventing other vampires from making mistakes like I was about to. I forced my neck to move so I looked ahead and not at her. Needless to say I was not breathing anymore. Once was enough. I lock my muscles in place and intent to stay stone still until the remainder of the hour. Out of my periphery vision I see Bella flip over her piece of paper and make a bullet list. I don't know what it is since nothing in the lecture required one, but I have more important things