"Just, don't say anything about my parents' divorce, or that you used to live in a subway station, or that you are screwing his daughter," I warn Edward as I park in Charlie's driveway. Edward chuckles from the seat next to me, "You do know that this is not the first time that I am meeting new people, right? I know how to 'adult'." His signature smirk is on full blast and I know that my stepmom will not be able to resist his charm… Charlie /will be a bit harder to impress. "I know, I know," I push the hair off my face, "I am just stressed. I want them to like you as much as I do. Well, not as much as I do. I don't want them to fuck you senseless… And that is a nauseating visual for the people who raised me-" his /lips silence my stressed chatter, making everything better instantly. I love that he knows me so well to simply do one single gesture and have me reassured in a matter of seconds. "Get off the car and lets go have food," he commands me kindly, because that is what I need right now, and gets off the car before I have time to respond. By the time I get out and lock the car, he is knocking on the door, "Edward-" before I can rescue him though, the door swings open and Sue's jaw slacks at the gorgeous man standing on her doorstep. "Good evening, Ma'am, you have been expecting me," his British accent is on full force, charming smile planted on his lips and dazzling my unsuspected stepmother, who is wetting her pants at the sight. I run to his side and shove my face on the small /space between his shoulder and the doorframe. Sue's eyes move to me and she blinks the shock away, "I-Isabella?" She stutters, then her eyes move back to the eye-candy I brought home to meet the folks. "Hey, Sue, you said six thirty, right?" I remind her that she invited us over for dinner to meet my new boyfriend. Correction, Dad demanded that I bring over the man who is naughty-ing up his daughter so he can school him on how to treat a lady properly. /I rolled my eyes at that, but I agreed because Charlie owned a gun and was not afraid to use it. I liked my boyfriend too much! Sue shakes off her stupor and opens the door broadly for us to enter. Edward steps inside and slides off his jacket before Sue snatches it out of his hands, "I will put these away for now," she grabs mine too, "Everyone else is inthe back yard. Why don't you guys join them?" I roll my eyes at him when he smirks at Sue's retreating form. Part one of charming Bella's parents seemsto be going well in his opinion. I jab a finger in his ribs and he backs away laughing before he swats my ass and follows me to the patio. "Hey!" Emmett's booming voice destroys my eardrum, yet again, before my bones cry out in pain at the squishing hug he gives me. "Hi, Emmett. I love you too," I say and he places me on my feet with a slobbering kiss on the cheek. He is so much like a dog sometimes that it is a miracle how Rosalie manages to handle him. She is a professional dog trainer, so maybe that helps. "Who is this?" Emmett bounces around my feet, like an overexcited puppy would, and eyes my man with curious eyes. "This is Edward and you are going to be nice to him unless you want Rosalie to find out about that weekend in Chicag-" I warn but his big hand wraps over my mouth to prevent more words from echoing. "Pleasure to meet you," Emmett says to Edward in a hurry and I see the panicked look on his face at the threat of his first and only bi-sexual experience making an ugly appearance. "The pleasure is all mine," Edward says sincerely and sticks out his hand. He is not kidding, he is very pleased to meet my obnoxious brother; Edward lives for the simple truths in life and one of them is observing peculiar people do their 'thing'. He /will absolutely love spending some time observing my brother like a lab experiment. Hmm… Edward in a lab coat; a memory hits my mind of the few roleplaying sex sessions he and I have had and I file this fantasy under 'possible' for the near future. Emmett shakes his hand and grabs him in a headlock before he wrestles him around the yard and introduces him to the rest of the family. I sigh and make a beeline for the cooler with the beers. After I down half of one, I feel ready to face the rest of /this dinner gathering. I look around and see Jessica, our cousin, laugh loudly at something Edward said and touch his arm with her hand. Classy. She is turning sixteen this summer and from the way she is leaning seductively towards Edward, I should probably tattoo 'jailbait' /on her forehead while she sleeps after a few shots of tequila. Edward turns his eyes to me, almost as if he can sense me looking at him, and the green jewels let me know that he needs saving. I walk to him, shove my hand in the hair that I love to molest and thrust my tongue inside his mouth. He sucks on my lips gratefully at my obvious display of claiming what I want as mine and only pulls back when a man clears his throat. Countless of make-out /sessions on his couch when I was in high school where interrupted by that same noise and I don't have to turn to know that Charlie has a frown on his face. "If you are quite done assaulting my daughter, dinner is served," he growls and I smirk at him. "I assure you, Chief Swan, she is the one assaulting an innocent, young man such as myself." His smooth mouth will be the death of him someday. "I am terribly sorry if I disrespected you in any way, Sir, we will take our spots on the dinning table." Charlie /looks startled when Edward bows his head at my father in the same way I have seen him bow countless times before. I asked him once and his response was; it is just the polite thing to do. Charlie's surprised eyes meet mine; I just shrug as I allow /Edward to lead me to the table and pull a chair out for me before he seats himself along with everyone else besides Sue who is bringing the last of the food. Emmett hands him a beer and he takes it gratefully. Sue steps outside and Edward stands up at her entrance; all gentleman-like. Everyone stares at him with wide eyes, but he simply sits down when she does like nothing is out of the ordinary. We start eating and making pleasant conversation; I am sitting next to Charlie, who as always is at the head of the table, and make sure he doesn't throw too many glares towards Edward's way. "So, Edward, what is it that you do for a living?" here we go. Charlie has to start the conversation easy… "Oh, a little bit of this and a little bit of that. Bella's job is way more interesting than what I do. She told me that you taught her how to shoot and that catching bad guys was a way of life and not just a job. That's why she became a cop." /Edward looked openly at Charlie; having nothing to hide, "That is a great lesson to give to a child," he lowers his eyes, "I hope to one day pass something meaningful to my kids too." Charlie cleared his throat uncomfortably and I knew the sounds he made well enough to know that he was both fluttered and uncomfortable at his words. "Do you want children, Edward?" Sue asks with an arched eyebrow; not the kind that say 'bitch', but the kind that screams 'curiosity'. "I think that the only people who don't want kids are those who don't know what a joy they can be. I do, so yes." Sue returned to her ravioli with a pleased smile she is trying to hide, especially when Charlie shoots her a look. "You look young to want kids," Rosalie observed and as much as I loved my sister-in-law, we didn't always see eye-to-eye, "Young to be dating Bella in the first place," yep, still don't like her that much. "Why does that matter?" I ask her, "Emmett is ten years older than you." "Physically," she arches an eyebrow that screamed 'BITCH', "not mentally." She looked at her husband who was stuffing his face with food; pasta sauce was painted around his mouth and there was some type of meat pasted on his cheek. He continued eating, /eyes on his plate, without any indication that he heard his name or any part of the conversation. Rosalie rolled her eyes at her husband and resumed eating. "Yes, Bella is eight years older, but that doesn't matter to me," Edward said lightly, like it really didn't matter. "Wow, Bella," Jessica said evilly, "Cougar much?" "Watch your mouth," I warned her in a low voice, "This is none of your concern." "Edward, Bella told me that you guys moved in together. That must be nice," Sue triesto save the conversation. "Yes, Bella asked me to move in with her and I accepted." "How did you guys meet?" Angela, my friend and stepsister from Sue's first marriage, asks kindly. "In my free time, I perform in subway stations, I find that the rhythm of the people and the trains helps me clear my head and conduct freely." "Subway station performer. Great," I heard Charlie mumble and I shot him a warning look. Edward either didn't hear or choose to ignore him. "One day, Bella was chasing a criminal and he hoped off a train, right in front of me before he pulled a gun and shot twice in the air. So, I did what every sane person would do; I tried to run. Unsuccessfully. I tripped over my case and fell on the ground, /creating an obstacle with my body so he tripped over me and fell on the ground as well, giving Bella enough time to get the better of him." Edward says animatedly. He places a hand on my thighunder the table and continues with the story; "She took me in the station for a witness statement and spend way too long with me for me not to notice the amazing woman she is. It took her…" he looks at me for a confirmation, "…three weeks to agree to a date." I nod in agreement. "Took you long enough. What made you change your mind?" Sue asks with her elbows on the table and her face in her palms, mesmerized byEdward's voice. I smile at the memory fondly, "I heard him play his violin." I say honestly. He returns my smile. "I would love to hear sometime," Sue says genuinely. "Maybe someday," Edward says honestly. His eyes move to something over her shoulder and he stands up immediately. I follow his gaze and look at four muscle-ly men enter the back yard, uninvited. "What the hell are you guys doing in my house?" Charlie says confused. "Fellas," Edward greets them as he walks up to them, I stand up as well and inch closer; the tension pulsing from his body is obvious and I am on high alert because of it. "Let's not do this here," he warns them but they continue to advance on him. "Edward?" I hear my voice, but I don't feel my mouth open to say the words. "Her