I want to kill someone. I squeeze the trigger and the bullet finds the center of my target with ease. I am bored. Practicing shooting is something I do every day, but I prefer live targets than the dummies in my basement. The blood oozing out of a wound is the most calming and intoxicating sight. I notice a movement out of my periphery and turn my gun to the new intruder. There should be no one else at my house at this hour, which means that the newcomer could eat a bullet if I want to. Being the daughter of a Mafia Boss buys you as much security as you want and I have stacked up my house pretty well. Don't want someone killing me in my sleep and since I am one of the few killers who is not haunted by her victims, I prefer to sleep without the fear of getting slaughtered. Apparently I am pointing my gun to the biggest man to ever live on Earth. He raises his hands at my threat and says, "Easy there, Miss Swan. I mean no harm." He knows my name which makes him one of two things; enemy or ally. Nothing in between. "What are you doing in my house? And how the hell did you get in?" I demand and hold my gun up, pointing it at his heart… two inches down because my gun kicks like a beast. "Boss gave me the password to lower your security," he explains and reaches in the inside of his breast pocket. "Slowly," I warn and his hand slows down as he pulls a piece of paper between two fingers and holds it out to me. I don't have to come too close to see that the paper is folded in three and sealed with an old-fashioned wax stamp, the symbol of the intertwined CS on for Charlie Swan. This means only one thing; this man has been in the presence of my father and lived to tell the tale. Charlie would have killed him without hesitation if he thought he was trouble. I snatch it from his fingers and rip the seal. Inside there are two sentences. He is your new bodyguard. Don't kill him. I smirk and look at the huge man in front of me, "Tell me why you are here." I say and wait for an answer as I eye him up and down. "Boss said I am to be your new shadow; everywhere you go, I go and if I don't keep you safe, he will have words with me," he winced. We both new that Words would not be what he would have if something happened to me under his watch. It would be more like fists and broken bones. Like the last guy to hold the position. "Anything else?" I arch an eyebrow. "Yeah, he said I am not to leave your side, this job is a 24/7 deal. Everywhere you go, I go. Everything you do, I do." "I better install a new shower then, because it would be a little cramped in there." I tease and as I expected he winced. "He also said 'hands off the precious daughter'," he gives me a pleading look and clamps his hands behind his back, making his muscles budge. At that moment my phone rings and I put it against my ear without looking at the caller ID, "I don't need an oversized monkey nosing in on what I do," I complain into the phone. The man in front of me smiles and I notice that he has little dimples on his cheeks when he does that. Adorable. One smile and the intimidating façade melts away. "What? You don't like your new shadow?" Charlie says on the other side of the phone. I roam my eyes over his body. I start with the boots, up his calves, over his knees and thighs pause on his crotch to imagine what lies underneath. He groans and shifts his weight between his feet as my gaze makes him uncomfortable. I notice that his waist is impressively small for his wide torso and his biceps are nice and round and would feel great against my teeth. Nice neck and an actually charming face. His blue eyes are not cold. On the contrary, they have a nice warmth to them that it is hard to find in the world of Mafia. "He is a little big to be my shadow." I complain and both men chuckle. At barely over five feet this man makes me look like a child. "He will fit in fine. He is the best Chicago has to offer and I trust him," Charlie says and I lift my eyebrows in shock as I eye the man. He must be really something in order to hear such words from Charlie. "Are you packing heat?" I ask him, moving the phone away from my mouth a bit. He reaches at the waistband of his jeans and pulls out an impressive piece of equipment. Custom made and sexy. He offers it hilt first to me and I set my own gun on the table. I take two steps and grab it in my hand. It is heavy and obviously made for him, but I can shoot anything that has a bullet. I look at the gun and say in the phone, "He will do, even though I don't need a bodyguard." "I know you don't. But you could use an extra pair of hands. I have a job for you," Charlie says and my body burns with fire at the words. Finally. He is sending me in. "What's the job?" I ask with my serious voice and can feel the adrenaline kick in my veins. "55th and Washington. Patio's pizzeria. 105 grand, five years ago," he tells me and I hang up on him. I turn to look at the man, "We have a job to go to," I announce and he nods. I press the barrel of his gun against his penis and he groans. Threaten a man with his life and he will take it with pride, threaten his penis and he will cry like a little girl. Ironic. Which is why men are weak. It is also the reason why I will rule my father's empire once he moves his ass and retires. "But first I need to test you." "Test me how, Miss Swan?" He asks but remains still, even though his gun is pressed against his fun parts. I point to my father's letter, "Hold that out for me," I say and he holds the piece of paper in the air, a good distance from his body. I shoot at it with his gun. I like this thing; it has power in it. Choosing a gun says a lot about a man. The paper tears, his hand moves reflexively upwards but he remains unmoving otherwise. The bullet sinks in the wall behind it. This was the first time I was firing this gun, which would normally mean a twenty percent error and a chance to shoot his hand instead of the letter. But, he remained there, trusting me. "You'll do. For now." I say approvingly. "Yes, Miss Swan," he tells me and I wince at my name. I hand him back his gun, "Thank you, Miss Swan." I narrow my eyes at him. "My name is Bella." "Sorry, Miss Swan," he says. "Call me 'Miss Swan' again and I will have you fucking me on this table," I say and point to it. He swallows and looks at the table. His cheeks pink, no doubt willing his mind not to visualize me on it and him pounding inside me. I am getting hot and bothered; I doubt a male like him wouldn't. I bet he has some stamina in him. All those impressive muscles… I laugh at his tortured expression. "'Hands off the precious daughter'" he murmurs my father's command, more to himself than me I suspect, "Don't we have a job to go to, Miss S-… Boss?" He changes the last bit when I narrow my eyes at him and swallows uncomfortably. I notice his jeans straining with his groaning erection. I sigh in boredom. Typical, stupid male. I could play with them all day. "You have a name, I presume?" "McCarty, Miss." He tells me. "What's your last name?" "That is my last name." "What is your first name then?" He presses his lips, "Classified." I see red. He did not just use that word with me. I curl my fist, keeping my thumb outside and punch him in the stomach. Ow. Are those abs or bricks? The force and the placement against his sensitive organs makes him fold in half. "Let's try that again," the warning not to mess with me is clean in my voice. "Boss said that you should refer to me by my last name, so we won't get too familiar. He forbade me from giving you my first name." he says, takes a breath and straightens his frame, looking over my head to prevent eye contact. I circle around him a few times until I am behind him and kick his knee, so he falls into it with his weight. That hurt, I know. Now he is at my height and our heads are on the same level. I bring my hand around his neck and dive my nails into his flesh, choking him. My other hand grabs into his hair and pulls back so I can whisper in his ear. His neck is at a weird angle and I wonder if he is not resisting because he has orders from Charlie, he fears me or he just doesn't want to provoke me anymore. If I wanted him dead, he would be and I could still kill him if I made up my mind. "Listen to me you big idiot. If you are my bodyguard, it means you are my second. That means you follow my orders and my lead. If you cannot answer one simple question then you are not fit to follow under my command and should be dismissed from your position. Now, I am going to ask one more time and you will tell me, or suffer the consequences for insubordination. What. Is. Your. Name?" "Emmett," he whispers. "Don't ever pull a stunt like that again," I threaten and release him. "Hurry up, we have a job to do." I say, pick up my gun, reload and head to the stairs that lead off the basement. I go to my garage and tie my hair in a low ponytail on the way so that I can slide my motorcycle helmet on. I hear his footsteps behind me and he groans when I slide my leg over my 2013 Yamaha YZF-R1. "What are you doing?" He asks me and shifts his weight uncomfortably from one foot to the other. "Doing my job? Going to collect a debt or killing the people who own us money," I say and hold out a helmet to him. When he hesitates to take it, I throw it at him so he has to catch it or let it hit him in the face. He chooses the former. "You can always follow me in your boring car… but I learnt how to shake a tail when I was sixteen. Daddy would be very disappointed if you lost me on day one." I tease and throw him a smirk before I slide the glass of my helmet down to hide my face behind the tinted glass. I turn the key on the engine and feel the pleasant roar between my legs. When he hears the zipper of my jacket as I slide it up, securing my gun against my ribs, he curses, puts the helmet on and zips his own jacket. I smile. I pull out the gloves from my jacket