AN: Heh, I guess I'll give this fanfic thing a try. So, here goes: This is an AU. If I had to classify this story it would be, and pardon my weeb here, shonen-ai, so yeah…if shonen-ai isn't your cup of tea, you've been warned. No one will be a demigod, sorry guys. This also means that any gods I decide to include will be mortal…Like Apollo! :D … ok, I'll see myself out. Oh, before I do, I want to say, I tried to really hard to keep everyone in character and make it a believable story. I hope you like it. "I hate this..." Nico complained to himself. He was referring to a lot of things: the fact that he was back in school, the fact that it was 7th period and he hadn't eaten anything yet, the fact that he hadn't turned in his homework from before break, the fact that he had no friends, but mostly because he was stuck in gym class. Nico was not a fan of gym class. Nico was not a fan of anything that required more than minimal effort. When he saw that the school offered a course called "Self-Defense" for second semester, he hadn't been too interested. That was before reading a quick summary of the class and realizing that every Friday was a relaxation day (a.k.a. sleeping in class) and every Monday was an "empowered day" (which basically meant the class just talked). After reading the summary, Nico had immediately signed up. Hey! If it meant he could sleep in class one a week and get point for it, he sure as hell wasn't going to say no! Now Nico wasn't as sure. Most of the class was girls, which Nico wasn't too happy about. They'd all formed little circles of twos and threes, making him feel very isolated. Nico nervously fiddled with the hem of his gym shirt, and sat against the wall, arms crossed over his knees. He must have nodded off, because the next thing he knew, a very short man was shaking his shoulder yelling something about cupcakes. "…Cupcake!" The man, who Nico guessed was the teacher, finished. "You don't have time for that! An attack could come from anywhere! How can you defend yourself if you're asleep?" Nico glared at him, annoyed by the tiny man. He half expected him to take out a megaphone and start yelling in his face again. The teacher did not look pleased. "Go sit in your attendance line!" Nico sighed heavily, disappointed that he couldn't just keep sleeping all period; he would have to wait until Friday. Because of his last name, di Angelo, he wound up sitting right in the front of the second line, right in front of the teacher. Great. The teacher passed the length of the gym as he gave his introductory speech. "So, you took this class 'cause you thought it'd be the easy option, did you, cupcakes? Well, think again! This will hard. You will be expected to work. Work just as hard as any of the football players. Now they're athletes…" the teacher tailed off wistfully and his eyes got misty. Nico suspected that he'd rather be working with them. "Points will be given every day for participation! No dress, no points! So don't forget!" The teacher seemed to be done talking. Nico felt a tap on his shoulder. He tuned to find a tall, bespectacled boy in a purple shirt. "What?" He asked annoyed. "Did he say his name?" the boy asked. Nico shrugged. "I guess he didn't find it important." "I hope I'm wrong about this." The kid frowned and raised his hand. "Yes! Grace! I had your sister, you know. Now she was an athlete…" The teacher said. Nico frowned. This boy's name was Grace? "You're Coach Hedge, right?" The boy asked. The teacher looked a bit miffed. "Yes, I am Coach Hedge. Now, if there aren't any more questions…" He narrowed his eyes, as if daring anyone to raise their hand. No one did. "Alright," Coach said. "You first assignment." He looked at his clipboard and frowned for a minute. "Get in small groups and list all the qualities in an ideal dating partner." The coach turned around, a confused expression on his face. He mumbled something that, to Nico, sounded like "Really? …curriculum…so stupid...baseball…won't help…cupcakes." "What the hell," Nico whispered to himself just as annoyed as the coach. Had he accidentally signed up for dating 101? If this was the first day, what was going to come next? He looked at Grace who looked almost as confused as him. "So…is your name really Grace?" Nico finally asked. Grace shook his head. "It's Jason. Grace is my last name." "Oh." Nico didn't know what else to say. Fortunately, he didn't have to. Before either of them could try anymore awkward conversation, they were interrupted by a pretty girl with braided hair and kaleidoscope eyes. Jason's face instantly lit up. "Hey, Pipes!" She smiled. "Hello, who's this?" "I, uh…" The girl rolled her eyes. "He's so rude." She extended her hand. "I'm Piper. He's Jason." Nico reluctantly took her hand and shook it. "Nico." "So, guys," Jason interrupted. "Coach Hedge is looking at us. At least look like we're doing the assignment." Nico glanced over at coach Hedge who, so far, was the only person shorter than him. "Well, I like glasses," Piper started. "And blondes." Jason blushed. Nico said nothing. "I think you're supposed to be talking about personality traits," said a voice behind Nico. He jumped to find another boy behind him. So roughly ¾ of the male population was in Nico's group now. "Hey, Jason. Mind if I join in?" Jason shrugged. "Sure." The boy moved to the side. "Hey, Piper. Had a good Christmas?" She nodded. "Oh my God, yes! My dad took me and Jason skiing. He was terrible at it." "I was not!" "It's ok. It was cute," Piper smiled. "Oh, this is Nico." "Hey," the other boy said. "I'm Will. You a freshman then?" Nico shook his head. "Sophomore." "Cool." "Will tries to get to know everyone every year," Jason said. "He's pissed he missed you until now." Nico shrugged. What was he supposed to say? "So, you don't talk much," Will said. Nico shrugged again. "Grace! I can hear your conversation from here!" yelled Coach Hedge from across the gym. "You can socialize in your free time!" Jason groaned. "Thalia said to avoid him. He's not gonna leave me alone all year. This is your fault, Pipes. You convincing me to take this stupid course-" "Wait," Nico interrupted. "Your sister's name is Thalia?" That was funny because Jason didn't look anything like Thalia. Then again, Nico realized he didn't look anything like his sister, Hazel. Jason nodded. "You know her?" "Yeah. She graduated last year, right?" "I didn't know you knew her," Jason said. Nico felt his face going red. Too much social interaction, now the whole group was looking at him. "She, uh, was my senior advisor last year," Nico explained. In all honesty, he and Thalia had hit if off pretty well. They'd liked a lot of the same things, and Thalia hadn't seemed to mind the age gap between them. They'd called each other every now and then over the summer, but had grown more and more distant as Thalia had started her first year at college. "So, um, back to the project…" he offered, trying to get attention off of him. "Ok, I want someone I can trust," Will offered. "I want him to have a sense of humor," Piper said. "I'm cool with Piper," Jason stated. Piper hit his shoulder. "Do the assignment, dummy!" Jason frowned. "Fine, I want her to be nice!" Piper scoffed. Jason turned expectantly to Nico. "This assignment is stupid." "Ok, we'll skip you." And they did. Nico stood there listening to the other three people talk, feeling extremely isolated. He wasn't sure why he didn't want to talk. He wanted friends, but talking to people…it wasn't his strong suit. He mostly found people useless. "Ok, you can't just stand there all period," Will finally said after he, Jason, and Piper had exhausted the list of completely adjectives for an imagined partner. "Just say something." Nico decided he didn't like Will. He took this class to sleep, dammit! "Fine," he finally said. "I want someone who loves me." It was the most generic answer ever. "Yay!" Piper said. "Now we can all get participation points!" Nico raised an eyebrow. "Seriously?" "Hey, an A's an A. I've got dyslexia and ADHD. It's hard for me." "I just have ADHD," Will commented. Nico stared at them. "I have ADHD and dyslexia." "Oh, we talking about my ADHD?" Jason asked. "You too?" Nico asked incredulously. Jason laughed. "That's freaky." Nico glanced at the clock. "We have five minutes left." "Ok, go around one more time then," Will said. "I want her to be a good singer," Jason started. "I want him to like video games," Piper said. "I want them to want to be a doctor," Will finished. He turned to Nico. Nico shrugged. "I, um, I guess I'd like it if they played Magic…the Gathering…it's a card game…" he trailed off awkwardly. "Ok, get out of here!" Coach Hedge yelled from where he'd been sitting trying to read—wait was that a magazine about guns? Was that even allowed? "See all of you cupcakes tomorrow!" Nico didn't need to be told twice. He often wondered why he was always in a hurry to get to his next class. He never liked it anyway. He changed quickly and left the locker room to find himself face to face with Will. "Oh, hi again," Nico said. "Are you waiting for someone?" Will shook his head. "Not really. I kinda wanted to talk to you." Nico eyed him suspiciously. "About?" "Hey, sorry if this sounds weird, but where you that cyborg on Halloween?" Will asked. Nico faltered. "You remember that?" It had been a minor thing in his mind. It was the one day, people didn't find his darkness creepy. In short, Nico's favorite day. Over the years, his costumes had gotten more and more elaborate, until it could have been called an obsession. But he couldn't believe that anyone still remembered his costume, much less him, months later. "Are you kidding? It was fucking awesome! How'd you get bones to look real? And was that actually metal?" "I, uh, used liquid latex and built it up on my face with Kleenex for the bones. And no, I used craft foam and painted it with silver paint and then went over it with plastidip to make the metal." "Damn, I understood only about half of that last sentence," Will said. "So did you have to, like, follow a pattern?" "No," Nico answered. "I looked at reference pictures and made it up." "Man," Will exhaled. "That's epic. Do you remember me?" "No." "I was Dr. Who. I complimented you. Remember?" "I…Not really," Nico said. "Sorry." He'd had a lot of different people come up and talk to him that day, probably enough for all year. Will just grinned. "Nah, it's cool." Nico found himself smiling too and shook his head. "I can believe you remember that." Will stopped at the entrance to the B hallway. "Ok, I have American studies here," Will said and stopped at a classroom. "See you around." "Bye." One class period later, Nico was staring out the window of the school bus, his backpack on his lap. He heard a commotion to his right and turned to find a flurry of red, curly hair flop now next to him. "Niiiiiccoo" the hair whined. "I had an artistic crisis over break." "Oh, hello to you too, Rachel." Nico answered. Nico's relationship with Rachel was kind of weird. They'd known each other since Nico was in 6th grade and Rachel was in 7th because they both