Credit where it's due : I do this for pleasure (weeeheeee!) not profit. I don't own anything, not even all of this story, since I used many of the spoken lines of the Fellowship from the book during their time on Caradhras. Also, thanks to Chloe Amethyst, who beta'd the story! One more thing. (I know, get on with it already! ) Readers: Can you tell who is/are my favorite character(s) by this story? I tend to give them what I deem the best/coolest parts and I tried very hard not to do that here. ALL reviews/comments/suggestions welcome! Okay, here we go! Chapter 1: The Way "Shelter!" Frodo heard Sam mutter as the Company squeezed into the niche in the cliff side. "If this is shelter, then one wall and no roof make a house." Bill nodded dolefully in agreement while Sam led him along to the deepest corner of the alcove. There the hobbits sank down with the pony as a poor shield from the biting wind – after Sam's profuse apologies to Bill, of course. Frodo sighed in sympathy as he settled in next to Sam. He did not need to see Merry pulling his cloak closer, or hear Pippin's chattering teeth, or recall how the entire Company had slowed to a snail's crawl over the course of the night, to know how frozen and tired they all were, for he felt it himself. Still, the storm was not what really dampened his spirits. Adding to the cold and weariness in his limbs was a slight chill in his heart, as he recollected what he had overheard earlier that day – Gandalf's suggestion and Strider's ominous answer. -- There is another way, and not by the pass of Caradhras: the dark and secret way that we have spoken of. -- But let us not speak of it again! Not yet. Say nothing to the others, I beg, not until it is plain that there is no other way. All along the journey so far, it had been either the wizard or the ranger advising them, leading them, protecting them. What were they to do now, when the two guides disagreed? Frodo did not like how grim they both seemed when speaking of the "other way." If the Big Folk were uneasy about it, it was certain to be dangerous. Yet Caradhras was also forbidding. Even now the whirling snow was forming an icy wall around them and Frodo did not think he and the other hobbits could advance much farther on their own feet. Still, the gloomy edge in Gandalf's voice when he spoke of that other way had embedded itself firmly in Frodo's heart. He hoped the wizard would not have cause to insist on taking it. "I hope the storm lets up soon," Frodo found himself murmuring. "I hope . . ." The right words would not come. "You hope you've not stuffed fifty seed-cakes in your mouth when you only wanted five," Sam finished Frodo's sentence. Frodo looked toward the gardener in surprise. He had not realized that Sam would hear his words – though, come to think of it, they were crowded into an awfully small area. A hesitant little smile formed on Sam's attentive, earnest face. "As Mr. Bilbo might say," he added. Frodo could not help but smile in return. Although Sam's words said nothing directly of anyone's worries at this point – no, they were rather (and most unfortunately) short of seed-cakes – it was a perfect way to express Frodo's thoughts. "Dear old Bilbo." Frodo let his thoughts wander back to Bilbo's comfortingly cluttered, warm study in Bag End. "What do you think he might be doing right now, Sam?" "Well . . ." Sam paused thoughtfully. "While we were in the elvish country he was ever writing away in that great big book of his, so I suppose he'd still be at it. Mr. Bilbo knows an awful lot of stories, not to mention he's even been in adventures himself, so he'd certainly not be short on material." "Writing," Frodo repeated wistfully. "Yes, writing of wonderful adventures and great heroes." Great heroes who actually did something useful, instead of dragging friends into danger, huddling in tiny cracks on mountain faces while trapped miserably in terrible snowstorms, and hiding behind poor mistreated ponies to avoid freezing to death, with no inkling of which direction to go in next. "Not that it matters much what I think, Mr. Frodo, but I wonder how in the stories, it never tells about the little things – like if the people got bitten by bugs, or how just one strap of a pack can dig in so deep!" Sam grimaced, rubbing ruefully at his shoulder. "And just how'd they last so long with so little food? They must have gone hunting, or found gardens along their way, though the tales don't mention it. They could always find it in themselves to face whatever trouble turned up. Can't say the same for myself. Even if a horde of orcs charged at us now, I'd stay put here; I feel that tired." Sam smiled through a wide yawn and his voice softened with the thickness of drowsiness; Merry and Pippin were already snoring lightly. "And, well, did they ever feel low? Of course, people like . . . like Beren, for example, went through some terribly awful times, but what I'm talking about is – well, nothing too discouraging, really. Just low in spirits, when they were lost or in bad weather . . ." Sam yawned again, " . . . like we are right now." Frodo was startled; Sam gave voice to his exact thoughts. He looked at the other hobbit, who was now nodding off, and thought about what Sam had said. Yes. The stories never mentioned moments like these, but their Quest was quite like those grand tales he heard from Bilbo and the Elves of Rivendell, wasn't it? And in the stories, the heroes – Beren son of Barahir, Túrin son of Húrin, Eärendil son of Tuor, just to mention a few – generally turned out all right, one way or another. Perhaps Frodo and his companions could, too. He turned his head to the side as weariness overtook him, and noticed Gandalf seated a little apart from the rest of the Company. The road under his feet had demanded Frodo's constant attention and he had not had a good look at Gandalf all night. Now the wizard's back was turned toward the rest as he sat there, solid and wise as ever, probably planning how best the Company could proceed. Somehow, the sight of that familiar broad-brimmed hat and billowing grey cloak, even through all the whirling snow, brought a sudden ease to Frodo's mind. Gandalf was there. One way or another, it seemed that everything would turn out all right. Though the rest of them might not see the path before them now – and though he doubted if a mere Frodo son of Drogo could prove equal to travelling it – Frodo was quite certain, as sleep enfolded him, that his old friend could find the way. There is no way , Gandalf thought dourly, his bushy eyebrows bristling even further than usual beyond the rim of his hat. There is simply no way. Knowing that the storm precluded any attempt at lighting a pipe, Gandalf had resisted a sore temptation to dig out his stash of pipeweed. What he had not resisted was a bout of ill humor. He had pondered the Company's options in irritation for quite a while now, but thinking up a good course to take was more impossible than forming even the simplest of smoke rings, what with all these blasted gusts of snow and wind blustering about. If Caradhras did not abate – and it was as likely to do that as the Witch-King was likely to take up a jolly job as a foot-tapping fiddler at Butterbur's – the Company would simply have to face the caves of Moria. At that moment, Gandalf felt a tap on his shoulder. He knew, without turning, that it was Aragorn. And this he also knew: Aragorn was not here for any pleasant chat about what they would all eat for the next meal, or the finer points of the art of smoke rings, or the beauty of the icicles – some of which had started to form on various members of the Company, by the way. No. Aragorn was here to discuss the road to take. Confound it! Aragorn may be a man of steel, but I most certainly am not, Gandalf thought. At this point I am nothing more than a very old, very tired man. Valar, sometimes I really must question your choice to send us as aged Men instead of Elves. He paused a moment, then shook his head. No, I do not ask for the constitution of an Elf, convenient as that may be. I do not even ask, though it is by no means an unreasonable wish, the chance for a good smoke. All I ask at this moment is just a mite of time to myself in the midst of all this cold and misery. That's all! He could imagine Manwë's response. A simple, resounding "No," pronounced firmly and slowly of course, with an omnipotent echo besides, through teeth clenched in august irritation at the sheer banality of his request. Despite the situation, the corner of Gandalf's mouth twitched up. Mentally prepared at last to cope with Aragorn, Gandalf turned and found Boromir there also. The wizard's thick eyebrows now positively jutted straight out of his skin, stiff as porcupine quills. As if a stubborn, argumentative ranger were not enough, the hypercritical, overly cynical, entirely disrespectful Doughty Defender of Gondor had come as well! "I suppose you want to discuss the road we are to take," said Gandalf, trying his very best to conceal his vexation and exude amiable sagacity – or sagacious amiability; he did not really care which. Unfortunately, it seemed his best was not good enough. Boromir dropped his gaze and suddenly discovered something extremely fascinating about his bracers. Fortunately, at this point Gandalf did not very much mind seeing the Doughty Defender of Gondor a bit unnerved. Unfortunately, Aragorn remained undaunted. Far from surprising, Gandalf reflected wryly. Gandalf was starting to wonder if the future king's sense of responsibility was too great for his own good - even if he was Aragorn son of Arathorn, the heir of Isildur and Elendil, former right-hand man of both the Steward of Gondor and the former King of Rohan, leader of the Dúnedain, future King of both Arnor and Gondor, and the sole hope of all Men. But back to the matter at hand. What should I say to convince Aragorn of the necessity of taking the other way? For certainly Aragorn is just about to say that there is still a chance of crossing the pass of Caradhras. "There is still a chance of crossing the pass of Caradhras, Gandalf," Aragorn plunged straight to the point. A small part of Gandalf was pleased that he had predicted Aragorn's words with such precision. The rest of him inwardly groaned as Aragorn continued relentlessly, "I would that we do not yet give up our current course." During the day's long trudge, the wizard had formulated several excellent explanations and expostulations as to why they must turn to Moria, rationalizations whose every word positively burst with astounding sense and unquestionable logic. Somehow, though, it seemed that Aragorn would find a way to argue, no matter how eloquent and elaborate a speech Gandalf presented. So at this moment Gandalf chose, rather, to invest great emphasis in an astute observation of the Company's present physical condition, psychological state, and surrounding environment. In other words, he was going to state the obvious. The Company was exhausted, disheartened, and walled in by a