Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: Raised by Wolves Summary: After leaving Forks, Jasper's utter detachment from life shows Alice he is already gone. He leaves the Cullens and wanders aimlessly, eventually returning to Forks to find the orphan that was raised by wolves. Pairing: Jasper / Bella Rating: M Word count: 6987 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. With a trembling hand, Alice smoothed her hair and replaced the hood of her parka, though she wasn't covering up against the frigid chill. "Edward, I can't see a way to fix this. I've been so worried." "I know you have." The lanky youth smiled kindly at her. "We've all been concerned about Jasper." He brushed the powdery snow from a large, flat boulder, and offered his sister a seat. "Go ahead and ask. You didn't lead me all the way out here just to hunt." Gracefully, Alice sat and folded her hands in her lap. "Ever since we left … you know." An instant of anguish crossed Edward's face as he joined her, bowing his head. "Yes." He sighed forlornly. "Ever since we left Forks." "I'm sorry, Edward. I know you miss her." Alice gave his arm a sympathetic squeeze. "But, Jasper has been distant ever since we came to Alaska. At first, I thought it was just guilt even though it wasn't really his fault. And I told him, over and over again, it wasn't." Her wide eyes grew bright with tears. "A few months after that, he became worse. It was like he shut down completely." Edward patted her hand. "I remember. Since then, he stays in his study most of the time." "Yes." Alice lowered her head, staring at, but not seeing, the snow at their feet. "He rarely comes out to hunt. He hasn't been to my room since—" She quickly turned away, embarrassed, bringing her fingers up to stifle a sob. "Five years," Edward finished sadly. She pushed the hood from her head again and tugged at the fur trim with agitated movements. "What … what has he been thinking?" "It's been very indistinct. It would honestly be helpful if he would project his emotions. Like you said, he's been completely closed off." Edward leaned back, crossing one ankle over the other. He looked absently at the dense cloud cover above the evergreen forest surrounding them, searching his memories. "Otherwise, he hears what is said around him and it seems to repeat. If someone is listening to music, he thinks about the lyrics, and so on. I would suspect he's been doing that to block me from reading him, but it doesn't seem so. It's very like a muffled echo." "Does he … has he thought about me?" Her dejected tone caused another aching twist in Edward's chest. "No. Not that I've heard, Alice. I'm very sorry." The petite woman studied her twisting fingers for several long moments as the cracks in her heart broke open a little wider. Edward had only confirmed what she already knew to be true. "I-I've seen no future with him in it," she admitted, her words barely audible. "I've seen nothing with—" Hastily, she stood from the lichen-covered rock and brushed at the back of her pants. "He's so unhappy. I don't know what else to do. I-I think I have to let him go." Edward hurried to her side and clasped her hand in both of his. "Are you certain?" Alice inhaled a deep breath of the frosty air and let it out bit by bit. "Yes. He's already gone." ~0~~0~~0~ Jasper sat at his wide desk with a yellow-paged tome lying open in front him. Sometimes he sat in the wingback chair by the south-facing window, cradling an unread book in his large hands. Other times, he ignored the words on the pages while seated on the leather sofa. He got up from the desk, moving as if every one of his one hundred and sixty-six years had caught up with him, and made his way to the window again—yet another heavy volume resting on the wide sill. Alaska was renowned for its untamed beauty. He'd always admired the majestically rugged mountains, the snow-frosted pines, the crystalline waters, but all had lost its appeal. He gazed out at the pristine landscape, not actively searching for anything but always looking, not knowing what he hoped to find there. All he saw were a multitude of greys and white—all color had been leached from his world. A timid knock sounded behind him. He knew it was Alice from the veil of sorrow that drifted over him. Oddly, a tendril of conviction wove throughout it. "Come in, Alice," he called softly to her. As the thick wooden door swung open, he didn't turn to face her, sure that she was only going to ask him to go hunting with her. He couldn't remember the last time she had. One day had blurred into the next, and they all had been the same—one was indistinguishable from another. "Jasper, I know you've been … out of sorts for a while, and I've tried—" Halting her own words, she took a steadying breath. "That's not what I came to say. I came to tell you—" Again, tears welled in her eyes and the words clogged her throat. Convinced she was doing the right thing, she carried on—the last resort after everything else had failed. He'd kept his emotions from everyone, but they had all been aware he was suffering. She took another step into the dim room and examined the tall form of the man she had spent the last half century with—his golden blond hair, the wide strong shoulders, well-formed hands that were hard and roughened from his time as a human, but somehow always so gentle with her. He hadn't even been so disconnected—from everything—when she'd first met him in that little diner in Philadelphia. She didn't need a vision to know he was lost to her. The reluctant words left her in a rush. "I've tried everything I can think of to help you. I don't know what else to do. You can't or won't tell me ..." She paused for another quick breath. "I think you don't even know what's wrong. I don't blame you for our leaving Forks, Jasper. I never have. But something changed. I can't see what I, or any of us, can do to ease the obvious pain you must be feeling. All I can do now is let you go. You don't have to leave, but if you want to, you can. If you want to come back, you can do that. If you want to call, or write, or email … or … or come back …" Jasper shifted only enough to look over his shoulder at her. "It's not pain, Alice, it's … emptiness. It's … there's nothing." He finally turned to face the bright, colorful, hope-filled woman who had miraculously pulled him from the edge of a bottomless abyss, and he felt nothing. She was as delicately beautiful as she had always been, but it had no effect on him, didn't stir him any longer. He couldn't even find it within himself to feel the guilt he thought he should. He was … empty. "I'll leave," he finally stated, his deep voice flat and devoid of all inflection. "I never wanted to hurt you, Alice. I've caused you, and the rest of the family, enough heartache." "Where will you go?" "I … don't know." ~0~~0~~0~ He glanced over the sheet-covered furnishings throughout the house. It seemed as barren and lifeless as he. He'd briefly visited a few of the other Cullen properties, and a couple of his own, but he hadn't stayed long in any of them. He'd made his way to his property in eastern Texas and checked to see if the old Chevy pickup in the precariously leaning barn would start. Hands resting on the faded steering wheel, feeling the rhythmic vibrations of the engine, he pulled out of the barn and away. He hadn't known what drove him to return to the house in Forks after five years of aimless wandering, but after not feeling anything for so long, when the urge to move on again struck he had followed. He soon found himself in Carlisle's office and flipped through the address book lying on a corner of the desk. Finding the number of the Chief of the Quileutes written in Carlisle's precise hand, he pulled his phone from his pocket and dialed. It was only common courtesy he inform them a Cullen had returned. He didn't want to inadvertently cause problems. Though he no longer thought of himself as connected to them, he had no intentions of undoing all the hard work put into the treaty made between the unconventional vampires and shape-shifting protectors. It had been one of the first calls Carlisle had made when they'd all moved to Forks before. After several rings, Jasper was about to hang up when someone answered, blurting out a breathless, " Hello? " "Hello, I'd like to speak with Chief William Black if I might?" " This is his son Jacob. He passed away a few years ago. Who is this? Maybe I can help you." Jasper was uncertain of the hierarchy of the tribe, or how the leadership was passed from one generation to the next. He did know his own coven leader had spoken to Billy Black. Back then, Carlisle had thought the ability for any of their tribesmen to turn into wolves had died out, but it was the proper thing to do to call. Did they even think their legends were anything more than fanciful myths any longer? "My name is Jasper … Hale, and I'm calling—" " Hale?" the rough voice interrupted. "You're one of the Cullens that used to live here?" "Yes. I believe it's my responsibility to inform the Chief of the Quileutes—" " That would be me. Meet me where Three Rivers Road comes into the one-ten." ~0~~0~~0~ Wearing a travel-worn navy blue parka, Jasper waited at the side of the road, leaning against the fender of his truck. He ignored the fat snowflakes drifting lazily from the pearl grey clouds above. Since Jacob Black had known who he was, and as much as ordered him to the treaty line, Jasper had to assume the new chief was well versed in the ancient legends and the agreement shared between the two groups of supernaturals. It made him wonder if any in the current generation had gained the ability to transform into the reportedly giant wolves? It wasn't long before Jasper felt the unmistakable sensation of suspicious curiosity. Uncrossing his arms, he took a step away from the old Silverado and lifted his nose to the slight breeze. He hadn't heard anyone approach, but if the so-called Spirit Warriors were the natural enemy of the Cold Ones, their abilities would have to be comparable. A most unpleasant odor of wet dog wafted by. The instincts he'd assumed were long dead came awake, and he stiffened to alertness. From between the densely growing pines a very tall, heavily muscled, and shirtless, Native American man stepped lightly through the thin layer of snow at the side of the road. He stopped several feet from the edge of the trees, his coffee brown eyes assessing every inch of the vampire. "I'm Jacob Black. You're a Cullen?" Jasper noted the young chief's grease-stained jeans and bare feet. Mere humans had to wear much more than that in the winter. And humans usually weren't quite so disagreeably aromatic. The only conclusion—Jacob Black was a wolf. "Actually, my name is Jasper Whitlock, but I went by Hale when I lived—" "You've been gone over ten years. Why'd you come back? Are the rest of them with you?" For the first time in that ten years,