ENTRY FOR THE STRAIGHT THRU THE HEART CONTEST TITLE: The X to My Y SUMMARY: Bella Swan finds her world tilting on its axis when a tweed-wearing, smile-bearing Edward Cullen catches her in a compromising situation. PAIRING: Edward/Bella RATING: M WORD COUNT: 6,639 DISCLAIMER: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I looked around discreetly and confirmed that no one was paying any mind to me, before getting started on the task at hand. My tongue swirled around the top first, making sure to round every centimeter of the surface. With the tip, I lapped at the sides, and then with the flat of my tongue, I caressed the bottom. My actions were not awarded with what one would normally expect in such a situation, so I doubled my efforts, holding my breath and going deeper for good measure, but yet again – no result. My eyes travelled along the heavily populated room. Thankfully, no one seemed to be paying me any attention. After having worked with me for a year, they knew me well and had playfully named me "Anti-social Swan." That was just fine by me. I'd spent all my life keeping to myself, not as a necessity, but a personal choice. I just wasn't a people's person. I didn't have it in me to deliver fake smiles or make hypocritical little comments, and the rest of the world seemed to function on those. I was content in losing myself in my Kindle or my laptop. In work parties such as this one, I tended to keep to myself, and speak only if spoken to. There was just one co-worker who knew me well and accepted me the way I was. She was the receptionist on our floor, and the one I spent my time chatting with at such unavoidable gatherings. Tonight, she seemed to be running late. Coming back to my current predicament, I debated my chances of doing what was now inevitable without getting caught. I had to admit, the chances were slim, but I couldn't keep at this for too much longer. Ah, fuck it! I brought my hand up and adjusted my glasses. With my eyes still wandering around the room, I had just begun to use my finger to finish the job my mouth couldn't, when a sudden exclamation made me yelp and spin around in surprise. "Gotcha!" My eyes widened and my mouth fell open, with that prodding finger still in there, as I took in the man who'd caught me. He was wearing dark blue jeans and a tweed blazer with a white T-shirt underneath. His hair was the strangest shade of bronze I'd never seen before… except probably on a penny. It had been cut to a reasonable length on the sides, but was long enough on the top of his head to fall over his eyes. His eyes… they were a mystery on their own, hidden as they were behind gray, thick-rimmed glasses. I couldn't, for the life of me, tell what color they were. The glasses rested atop a straight nose dusted with a few light freckles. The lopsided smirk on his face made it clear that he'd seen me commit this little faux-pas. I narrowed my eyes at him, partly to express my irritation, but more importantly, to hide the mortified blush I could feel spreading across my cheeks and possibly even my neck. "Hey," he greeted cheerfully, taking two steps forward to stand right in front of me. He held out a hand, but before I could decide whether to take it or ignore it, he reached out and clasped mine. Thankfully, it was not the one that'd just been in my mouth. "I'm Edward Cullen." His smile widened, as did my eyes, when I saw the effect it had on his face. The crinkles that formed at the corners of his eyes, the cute little dimples giving character to his clean-shaven cheeks, and the way he tilted his head slightly to one side mesmerized me to the point where I lost my train of thought. "Hello," I squeaked once I'd finally managed to locate my voice. "I'm Bella Swan." I had no idea why I'd given him my nickname. There was no doubt that I preferred Bella over Isabella, but usually I would at least find out a little more about the person before allowing them to call me that. There was something about Edward Cullen's smile and his easy familiarity that had made me blurt out the shorter version of my name without knowing a thing about him. "Bella Swan," he repeated happily. "It's very nice to meet you, Bella. Would you like some help with that?" He pointed at my mouth, which fell open once again at his suggestion. I immediately cleared my throat. There was no point in denying what I'd been up to. "No, uh, no, thanks." Edward did not take the hint. "I know how irritating it is. I had braces for years in middle school, and even in high school. I'll stand right here and hide you while you do what you need to do, okay?" With a decisive nod of his head, he did exactly as he'd told me. I didn't have braces, but as he said, my problem was one that people with braces faced often. I bit my lip in confusion and indecision, staring at his back for a long moment, before shrugging. Eh! What more harm could it do? I plunged my fingers past my lips and toward the tooth where I suspected the culprit was hiding. After several futile attempts, I finally found the strand of cabbage that'd been stuck between two of my pre-molars. With an internal fist-pump (Yes, internal . How much more could I embarrass myself tonight?) I pinched it between my fingers and pulled it out. I tossed my nemesis into the nearby bin. After wiping my hands with a tissue, I tapped Edward on the shoulder. "Thanks, um," I stuttered as I felt the heat flooding my cheeks. "I got it out." He grinned. "That's great. So what do you do, Bella Swan?" "I work for the company that threw this party," I quipped. He chuckled and rolled his eyes good-naturedly. "I assumed as much. I mean, what department do you work for?" I pushed my glasses up my nose self-consciously. "I work in IT. We form the backbone of Nomad Enterprises," I announced. Edward's eyes lit up in surprise. "Really? That's awesome! I'm your latest vertebra." A giggle-snort burst from my lips before I could even attempt to control it. There was a short pause where I didn't quite know what to say, but Edward had no such qualms. He launched into his life story without further prompting. "I used to work for Nomad at their branch in San Francisco for three years, but then I decided to move closer to my family. My parents live about an hour outside of Seattle, so I applied for a transfer here. My Mom is ecstatic to have me just a car-ride away instead of having to fly. She has really severe episodes of motion sickness during flights. James told me about this party and suggested that since I was already here, I could come meet everyone, especially the IT department. That would give me the opportunity to get familiar with the people I am supposed to work with. I start on Monday, by the way." So… Edward Cullen was the newest addition to our department, was more experienced than me in this field, probably a few years older than me, and his mother has trouble flying. Also, our CEO, James Nomad, had allowed him to call him by his first name, which meant that James probably knew Edward well due to his frequent visits to the branch in San Francisco. Good to know. I stood there, flabbergasted but amused and attentive, as he regaled me with funny stories about his former boss. When he asked, I found myself answering a ton of questions about James and his propensity to throw such parties at the silliest of occasions. I didn't even realize when our conversation shifted to more personal topics. "You're a vegan?" I shook my head and sighed. "No, I'm a vegetarian." Edward's eyebrows pulled together over his glasses. "What's the difference between the two?" "Vegetarian describes a diet; vegan can be a lifestyle," I explained to him. The argument was fairly familiar to me, having discussed the topic with countless amounts of clueless people in the past. Edward was the first one I'd met, though, who listened intently and eagerly. "Vegetarian diets are of different types– ovo-lacto vegetarian diet includes dairy products and eggs, lacto vegetarian diet includes dairy, but no eggs, and then there are the vegans, who avoid animal products all together." Edward nodded slowly, pondering over what I'd said. "That's interesting. So you're a ovo-lacto vegetarian, correct?" I couldn't help but smile at his adorable expression. He wasn't faking it; he really wanted to know. "Yes, that's correct. That's why the salad was all I could eat from the buffet, which led to the cabbage stuck in my teeth, and then you…" I winced and shrugged. I was rewarded by his now familiar crooked smile. It lit up his face in ways that made it impossible to look away. That is why, when a sudden throat-clearing sounded from right beside me, I jumped back, startled. "Bella." My name was all she said, but her voice was so thick with implication that I had to swallow hard. "Alice." My friend smirked, apparently satisfied at having conveyed her point, and turned to Edward. "I don't believe we've met before," she told him with a smile, holding out her hand. Edward shook it happily, and introduced himself to her much as he had to me. I had to suppress an unfamiliar but persistent pang in my chest when I saw them chatting as easily and comfortably as Edward and I had been doing before her arrival. I didn't understand what it was that bothered me, only that I didn't like the feeling. At all. Lost as I was in my own thoughts, I floated back to reality only when Alice tugged at my arm. "Bella?" "Huh?" Alice shook her head. "Sorry, Edward. She tends to space out sometimes." I scowled at her. "I do not." "You so do!" Edward piped up. "That's okay, Bella. It happens quite a fair bit to me, too." "Aren't you two a match made in heaven, then?" Alice smirked at me and winked. "Edward, it has been a pleasure meeting you. Can I steal my daydreaming friend away for a moment?" "Of course. It was great meeting you both! I should go mingle with others, too, though I doubt I'll find more interesting company. I'll see you on Monday?" He looked at me hopefully, and I nodded, a little dazed. "See you Monday." Alice pulled me away and squealed once we were out of Edward's earshot. "Oh my God! What was that, Isabella Swan?" "What was what?" I snapped back. "I walked into the party and started looking toward your usual corner, but for the first time ever, you were talking… no, giggling with someone! A guy, at that!" "Oh, take it down a notch, Alice," I muttered even as I felt my blush make its way onto my face. "We were just talking." "Just talking!" she scoffed. "You were totally oblivious to the rest of the party. Don't think I missed your dirty looks when I hijacked his attention." She must've finally noticed the embarrassment coloring my face because her tone softened. "Bella, I've never seen you… bonding with someone so quickly before. It was nice to see you relaxed and laughing. I tried to hold myself back, but I just couldn't wait! I needed to come and find out more about him. You like