Entry for the Straight Thru the Heart Contest Title: The President Summary: "Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." - Aristotle. Bella Swan never believed in love at first sight. After a surprising encounter with the new university president, results in an undeniable attraction that will change her life forever. Pairing: Edward/ Bella Rating: M Word count: 4,440 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Bella kept reminding herself to breathe. He was there. She focused on the back of his head from her spot in the back row. She barely heard a word the actors spoke. The music from the orchestra was merely background noise. She was blind to everything but him from the moment he took over her thoughts. He was everywhere. He'd starred in her dreams every night for the past several weeks. She wished she understood what it was about him that made her react this way. Something about him drew her in. He had an inexplicable hold on her She craned her neck trying to get a better look. She needed to see his face again. The need was so great it pained her. "Did you get the email?" Jasper Whitlock from Alumni Relations nudged her side with his elbow as he sat down beside her, breaking her train of thought. Jasper had been a close friend ever since she started her position as an admissions counselor. "Ouch," she complained, rubbing the spot. "What email?" "Meet and greet," he said. "With the new university president." He gestured to the front row. Bella's heart hammered in her chest. Did he notice her staring at him ? "Everyone's invited, but sometimes Shelley slacks on the emails. I'm surprised to see him here. The old guy would never." "Oh, I think I did get that email," she said weakly. She was starting to feel dizzy with desire at the thought of seeing him again. "Are you going over there after? I'll ride with you. My car is still in the shop." "You okay?" he asked worriedly. "You look a little..." "I'm fine." Her voice sounded shaky even to her own ears. He must have noticed her flushed face. "I skipped breakfast this morning," she lied. "I'm just hungry." The audience stood up to applaud the orchestra's opening song, and they followed suit. "Okay." He didn't buy her lie. "Maybe you should sit down," he suggested, rubbing her back comfortingly. His touch could not have been more unwanted in that moment. The only hands she wanted on her belonged to a man that was probably only half aware of her existence. Bella spent the car ride to the president's house in a state of high anticipation. The thought of seeing him face to face again thrilled her. Bella and Jasper walked briskly across the lawn in the light rain once Jasper parked his car. It took Bella a moment to catch her breath. To Jasper, it would seem like fatigue from the short run, but she knew the real reason and felt a slight rush of guilt for it, considering the people who were on the other side of the door. Bella watched as he brought his hand up to knock on the door, her heart thumping in anticipation of seeing him again. It seemed like everything was happening in slow motion. She heard the voices from inside the house. She wished she had a simple crush, but it felt like so much more, and it scared her. Time seemed to stop altogether. Her knees grew weak, and she nearly fell over when the door swung open to reveal him . "Thanks for coming." He briefly met Jasper's eyes before his jade eyes fell on her, staring a beat too long. His expression was indiscernible. "Come on in. Rose, Elise, and Cian are in the dining room with the others." Her eyes zeroed in on the solid gold band on his left ring finger. "Hi, Dr. Cullen," she said softly. "Thanks for having us," Jasper said, removing his coat. Bella followed as if on autopilot. She averted her gaze from Dr. Cullen, fearing she would suffer heart failure or spontaneous combustion if she looked directly at him. "Happy to," he said with a smile. His eyes were still on Bella. "I'm glad you came." The doorbell rang again, and Bella reluctantly followed Jasper away from the man who was the center of all of Bella's thoughts and desires. A stunning blonde-haired woman stood at the center of the large, decadent dining room, chatting gregariously with a group of people that included faculty and some students. "It's all happening so fast," she gushed, gazing down at the baby boy in her arms who looked to be about a year old. "I swear just the other day I was holding him in my arms as he screamed bloody murder." A little curly-haired girl, who seemed to be around five years of age, stood silently next to the woman, looking on at the gushing adults. Bella assumed this was the Elise Dr. Cullen had spoken of. "This one?" Professor Gerandy laughed rambunctiously as he pointed at the little boy in her arms. "The sweetest thing I have ever met. Right along with his darling sister." "He is now , but don't let that innocent face fool you." Her pale blue eyes lit up happily. "He looks just like Edward," Professor Gerandy said. The little boy giggled, letting out a toothy grin that made the room fill with "aww"s. Rose pressed her lips to his forehead. He was truly his father's clone. "He certainly does." Edward said as he reentered the room, standing next to his wife. He leaned down, scooping Elise, the little girl, into his arms. She felt the guilt creep up again, even though she wished it did not. She hadn't done anything wrong , per se. Just lusting after a man who was married with a baby. He and Rose were certainly a stunning pair. However, she couldn't help but notice that something about them was not couple-like. There was a distance. Their relationship seemed friendly at best. Bella shook away her thoughts of the marriage. She may have been imagining things to ease any feelings of guilt. It hurt her to look at them. She wished his wife away. She wanted her to disappear. The jealousy would not disappear, though She wanted what Rose had. She looked up to find Dr. Edward Cullen staring at her again. She could literally feel his gaze as if it was a tangible thing. He stood next to his wife, but his green eyes were boring into her own. Bella's eyes locked with his, and she felt like she was burning on the spot. He looked as if he wanted to devour her. She couldn't help but smile bashfully, unable to look away. Bella was a goner from the first time she laid eyes on Dr. Edward Cullen. When he walked into the meeting room with his future colleagues for the first time a few weeks before, she knew it. It seemed as if his eyes met hers as soon as he entered the room. Like today, she felt him before she saw him. It was as if he was calling to her. Like their souls had already met. The attraction was there, and it was instant. There was no hope for her after that. Her attendance at the meeting happened by pure chance. Her boss, the admissions director, had an emergency, and she went to the meeting in his place along with the provost, the deans, department heads, and a select few students. She remembered sitting next to the dean of student life as he chattered on about the hectic process of selecting a new university president. Usually, it would be a job that would go to the provost, but that would not be the case this time. "Dr. Edward Cullen seems like a very nice man," the dean had informed her. "He was chancellor of his old university. The board made the right decision. I think he will be an excellent replacement for Dr. Greene." At the time, Bella was less than interested in who the new president would be. She wanted nothing more than to be at home, curled up with a good book. The search had been going on for months, so it was a hot topic at the small liberal arts university. She had drowned out the dean, focusing on the papers in front of her that described the man they were about to meet. His qualifications were impressive, and she wondered why he was leaving such a big city for a town as small as this one. Sure, the pay was more than impressive, but he seemed so well traveled and someone with an affinity for big cities. There was a lull in the conversation around her, and Bella had noticed the dean had stopped speaking. She'd looked up, expecting to see the prospective president, and let out a gasp. Everything around her seemed to stop at that moment. Her eyes were locked with a pair of jade irises, and she was unable to move. Unable to breathe. It was like she was seeing for the first time. She had always heard the saying that the eyes were the windows to the soul, and in that moment, she finally understood what that meant. He captivated her, and she wanted to know everything about him. Yet she had a strange feeling that she already did. Bella stood impatiently in line at Starbucks. She needed her daily dose of caffeine, and the student in front of her was taking his precious time to order. She checked the time on her phone. She had an hour before her meeting with the director of admissions. "Can I please have a grande light sugar-free vanilla soy chai latte?" she asked after the indecisive boy finally placed his order. "A cheese danish as well." "Miss Swan?" Standing behind her was none other than Edward Cullen. In the short few weeks since he had been president, he seemed to be everywhere she went on the small campus. "Dr. Cullen." Her heart sped up. "How's your first week going?" He chuckled nervously. "It's more difficult than I imagined. I've had more meetings than I have ever thought possible." "You'll get used to it. I'm sure you're going to be an excellent president." "Thank you." They stared at each other for a while, not saying anything. Edward broke the silence. "Well, I should be going. Meetings." A feeling of sadness crept up on her. She wished she could get closer to him. He always seemed too far, but she knew it was not her place to wish for such things. "Good luck, sir." "Thanks," he said, turning to walk away. Then he paused, spinning back around on his heel to face her. "Hey, would you like to get… coffee sometime?" His voice wavered. She had to work hard to refrain from screaming yes and jumping on him. He's married, she reminded herself. His offer may be completely innocent. Although she wished it weren't. She looked down at the coffee in his hands. "Well, we're both at Starbucks, but sure." "I have a meeting now," he repeated, glancing at his watch. "We can grab dinner later if you're free. I hear Angelini's is a great restaurant in the area." Bella had been there a few times. It was where everyone in the small college town went out to eat—a good date restaurant. "I'd love to." He looked like he was about to say something else but decided against it. It felt like a date. Edward leaned forward, gazing into her eyes. "How is life as an admissions counselor?" There seemed to be more to his question. She was surprised he remembered what she did. "I like it." She took a sip of her water,