Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: Queen of the Night Summary: Hidden beneath the callousness, it is his love which remains: love that he nurtures gently in his soul, love that festers to consume the rest of him, love that compels him to do anything – anything at all – for his beloved. Pairing: Aro/Sulpicia Genre: Romance/Supernatural Rating: M Word count: 6,693 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. It is widely believed that Aro had his sister, Didyme, secretly killed to prevent Marcus's departure from the coven. It is also widely believed that Marcus's subsequent grief compelled Aro to fear for his own Sulpicia, causing her confinement within the walls of Volterra. But the truth is rarely pure and never simple. »»-¤-«« Eyes »»-¤-«« His eyes touched something within my soul. Pale, so pale they appeared translucent in his hollow, dirt-smudged face. He had high, jutting cheekbones, and his waxy skin draped over the sharp, starving angles in a mockery of his otherwise handsome profile. I'd stopped dead in the middle of the market crowd, my hands tightening around my woven, wicker basket. Someone jostled against me. "Don't just stand there, girl," the stranger growled. I raised my chin. He faltered when he saw the face underneath my hood, lowering his eyes. "Pardon me, my lady. I didn't see-..." he stammered and then scurried away, afraid of what my father might do to him lest I wished for it. The boy was barefoot. He'd pulled his feet close to his emaciated body, desperate to retain what little body warmth he had left. It was winter, after the raid of the Dorians. The barbarians had pillaged our monasteries, slaughtering priests and common folk alike. Many children had been orphaned and I'd seen countless frozen little bodies littering the streets. Despite the punishing cold, the boy had given his coat to the small girl beside him. They had similar features, except her eyes were – in stark contrast to his – dark as midnight. Her skin was also drawn tight over her delicate child bones, her expression pinched, her nose red from crying. "Aro," she'd sniffled, under his oversized coat. "I'm s-s-so cold." "I kn-know," he'd said, shivering so violently his teeth knocked together. He looked young – perhaps even younger than I was. His lips were blue, and I knew without a doubt that he would die tonight. Two deaths, because his sister was too young to fend for herself. Two of many, but for some inexplicable reason, I could not look the other way. I pushed through the crowd, making my way to them. His shoulders were thin and bony. I unwrapped my fur coat, draping it over him. "Take this and stay warm for the night." He'd looked at me in wonder. "And these are for you." I removed all the bread from my basket, kneeling down to give it to the girl when I noticed the large shoes perched precariously over her tiny feet. They were his, as well. I hesitated. While I had more pairs at home, it still meant walking back on the frozen streets in nothing but my animal-hair socks. A painful prospect. Just a mile , I told myself. The boy would have no shoes for the rest of winter. Before I could change my mind, I quickly unfastened my boots. "Take my shoes and give your brother back his," I told the girl, as I slipped them off. "Thank you," she'd said, her voice high and still so childlike. A few people in the market stared at my garments – now visible without the coat – noting the emblem and the rich embroidery. Is that Sulpicia ? They'd muttered. Servius's daughter ? The frozen ground made my toes curl and the cold bit through my thinner layers. More people were starting to stare, and I had no desire to blemish my father's name. Avoiding the stares, I hurried away. My mother was dismayed. "Good heavens, child!" she'd exclaimed when she saw me, "Where are your shoes?" She'd ushered me inside without letting me speak, staring at my feet. Blood seeped through my socks and into the Mesopotamian carpet my father had brought home. I hadn't even realised that my feet were bleeding, as numb as they were. My mother sat me down, clicking her tongue disapprovingly and calling the servants to bring medicine and a basin of water. I winced as she washed my cuts. The water felt like fire against my chilled skin. She was silent before she spoke. "Don't concern yourself with the beggars, Sulpicia." I looked up in surprise. My mother's eyes were shrewd. "Yes, I know what you did, child. I have done it myself." Then she lowered her voice. "But you must understand, we barely have enough for ourselves now. Times have been hard since His Highness Agamemnon's death." She applied the herbs onto my cuts before gently binding them. "Besides, you cannot save them all." Her eyes fell onto the empty basket, noting the lack of bread, and she sighed. "Do you understand, Sulpicia?" I'd nodded obediently. When I came to the marketplace the following day, I craned my neck to search for the boy and his sister. But the spot they'd occupied was empty. It stayed empty the next day too, and the day after. I dreaded walking past frozen bodies, each time fearing I would see them lying among the dead. But I caught no sign of them – not living, not dead. Every now and then, his name would echo in my head. Aro , the girl had called him. Aro, the boy who would've died keeping his sister warm. »»-¤-«« Courtship »»-¤-«« Many winters passed after that fateful incident, and my thoughts of him became less and less frequent until they faded altogether, becoming nothing but the hollow shadows of a dream. And, like the blossoms, my body had grown in some places and shrunk in others; I had become a woman. "We need to find you a husband," my father finally announced one spring, and I had been excited. However, the excitement quickly faded when I saw the kind of man I was to marry – wealthy and influential, which narrowed the pool to bearable, at best, and repulsive, at worst. Many were old enough to be my father and all spoke to me with glazed eyes that fixated more on my form than my soul. It became a tedious affair to take walks with each of them, to engage in polite conversations about nothing at all. I'd resigned myself to choosing a loquacious man in his mid-thirties – the youngest I'd met so far – when someone rapped on our door late in the evening. "Now who might that be?" My mother had asked, irritably. It was indeed a late visit, but I knew my mother's anger had more to do with being afraid than being inconvenienced. The unrest had been steadily worsening, and she feared assassination. "He must be someone of import, if the servants let him through the gate at this hour," my father deduced, rising. "I shall go see." My father did not return for a long time. My mother fidgeted, rearranging her utensils over and over. Just as we began to fear the worst, he reappeared in the doorway. "It was a suitor," he imparted, "He requested to court Sulpicia in the evenings." My mother's shoulders sagged with relief as she answered, "In the evenings? Surely that's indecent." "For an hour each evening," my father specified, as though it changed the circumstances. His expression was odd and then he unwrapped the embellished cloth in his hands. Gold, silver and diamonds clattered onto the table. My mother's eyes grew wide. "Heavens, Servius. Who is he?" "He did not say." "You did not ask?" My mother's brows pulled together. "He wishes to withhold his identity until the end of the courtship." How unusual. Most men could not wait to divulge their titles. They would narrate their accolades until my ears grew weary. "Perhaps he's a thief," my mother muttered doubtfully. "A thief with an entourage?" My father had questioned, arching a brow. "Nay, I say he is a rich merchant. Perhaps even a foreign prince, if we're lucky. It would do Sulpicia good to leave this city. The fighting grows dangerous." My mother was unconvinced. "Why would he court Sulpicia, if he is so wealthy that he can have any girl in the country?" "Our daughter is a beauty," my father said fondly. "But fear not, Amara, I will ensure her safety. I shall send men to follow them." That seemed to put my mother at ease. "Very well. Make sure not to stray too far, Sulpicia dear." She gave me a kiss on both cheeks before we retired for the night. He came for me the next evening, presenting even more jewels to my stuttering parents. His appearance surprised me in many ways. First, that he was young – perhaps even as young as I was. Second, that he was striking. Third, and perhaps most astonishing of all, that he was blind. White silk concealed his eyes, faint silver criss-crossing each other in a mesmerising pattern. He stood with the presence of a man who was comfortable in his own skin, not shirking away and yet not proud. "Sulpicia," he said, bowing. "I'm pleased to finally meet you." He did not reach to kiss my knuckles, as was customary. Neither did he offer an arm or his name. I was not sure how to respond to the oddness. It shook the courtship monotony which my body had committed to memory, and for a moment, I had to think. "What should I call you?" I asked finally. "You may call me Aro." Aro? I peered at his face curiously. His eyes – and his cheekbones – were hidden under the cloth. My childhood memories were blurry, and I could not tell if it was the same boy although of course, it could not be. It was a coincidence that they shared a name. Still, something about him compelled me to ask. "May I see your eyes?" I realised how disrespectful the question was only after it had left my lips. But he did not seem offended. He merely smiled. "One day, you will." For someone who was blind, he was nimble on his feet. His taps with the cane were sparing and light, and despite his slowness, he descended the steps with an elegance I'd seen in no other man. I followed him, fascinated by his contradictions. "Shall we sit in the garden, so it would be easier for you?" His expression was warm. "An excellent suggestion. You are always so kind, Sulpicia." Always? I tilted my head, confused by his diction. He seemed to realise his mistake because he paused. "Forgive me," he said. "This is my first time courting and I am a little nervous." I hid my smile – not a difficult thing considering his condition – and felt the first flicker of fondness towards him. His youth was refreshing. "You're doing just fine," I said, as I watched him pat the grass with his cane and settle down, stretching out his long legs. He grinned boyishly, letting the last of his formal pretence fall. "It is difficult, you see, as I cannot comment on your beauty." "I'm glad. I'm weary of such comments." I came to sit beside him, leaning back on the plain grass. The evening breeze was cool, and I could see bright stars spangling the skies. Nearby, a nightingale had begun its song. "So what brings you to my humble home?" I asked boldly. His age and his candor made him relatable – made me relax. "Are you practising your courtship skills for a princess?" A pity, because I could picture myself fancying him. But I was not naïve.