Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: Ashes of Love Summary: He is a forgotten god of Armageddon whose distaste for humans borders on hate. She is his fated soul mate, the most pious human soul. He is cruel, she is kind; he is vinegar, she is wine. Even with the help of the most unlikely source, will her love stand a chance in the face of his blind beliefs? Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Word count: 6,934 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Humans, what a wretched breed! Such a waste. They'd made Earth so poisonous, so contaminated; he shuddered to walk its surface. Where were the gardens of his father? Where were the plentiful forests? The lakes which held the essence of their immortality in their very depths? Where were the humans with pious hearts and hope in abundance? Everything around Ed'vard was rotten—a festering wound eating away his father's precious conception. Ed'vard had begged Cal'ile not to put him to sleep. Oh, how he'd begged, but his father only had the interest of his cherished humans in the forefront of his mind. "You've grown reckless, Ed'vard," he'd said, his eyes shadowed over Ed'vard's transgressions. Ed'vard was the God of Divine Judgment and Armageddon. Cal'ile had created him to test his humans. Ed'vard had warned Cal'ile that Merosho— malice — had taken root in their hearts, but had Cal'ile listened? No. Ed'vard had started to cleanse them, executing those who'd sinned throughout their lives. There'd been hordes of weak, sniveling pathetic humans who'd grovelled. Cal'ile had never understood eradicating them had been the only way. Sins had started to turn the Immortality Lakes venomous. Gods had started dying. Ed'vard had to save them. After all, they'd been his brothers, his sisters. He was the divine protector; saving them had been his duty. Cal'ile had caged him in Irkalla— the underworld. He'd summoned demonic fairies, the Urvani , to lull him into enchanted sleep till the end of the Pyronian pantheon. "I hope the moment of your awakening never arrives, Ed'vard." His father's eyes had been sad, and his spirit had been broken — both effects of the misdeeds of his first and favored son. Cal'ile could've killed him, and yet Ed'vard's heartbeats proved that his father had loved him. So, Ed'vard slept amidst the chaos, amidst the shrieks of sinners and cries of the damned. He'd slept till the Urvani had disappeared in dust and Cal'ile had breathed his last. He'd been awakened by the collapsing underworld, by the certainty he was the only one left. Ed'vard walked on Earth after millennials only to realize the time was coming to fulfill his responsibility of being the god of Armageddon. Two hundred years of loneliness, pain, and watching humans squander what had once been treasured wasn't something Ed'vard relished in. He'd seen the world change with the turn of time. Ali'sh would've enjoyed the innovations humans came up with. The thought of his long-dead sister induced an ache in his heart. They were all gone. His father Cal'ile, his mother Ehsh'm , his brothers Jas'pe and Em't . He even missed the Goddess of the Moon, his brother's wife, Rosa'li . Ed'vard hadn't dared to go back to Pyronia. He knew it still stood, ruined and empty as it always would be; a reminder of what happened when a god loved their creation to the point of becoming utterly ignorant. Sometimes, Ed'vard saw sunken heads and bare bones of his family in his dreams and woke up gasping for breath. He didn't have the strength to go back, to see the merciless destruction Merosho had induced, and live—let alone be sane. Ed'vard had seen the first gods who'd gone mad from poisonous waters of the Immortality Lakes, and still remembered their screams when he'd beheaded them. Ed'vard drifted in the world where kindness and hope weren't something in profusion, where sins ran rampant in the bloodstream. Humans didn't have any hope for salvation. They were living on borrowed time. He'd wanted to destroy them the moment his eyes had opened, but in his haste, he'd forgotten Anima had to be sacrificed first to truly end a creation. And, when he'd risen from a collapsing underworld, Anima hadn't been born among humans yet. The long-buried words of his father whispered in his mind, "A pious soul Ed'vard—an Anima . Someone who can show you even while humanity struggles with Merosho , they're worth saving. Search for that soul, Son." He'd never searched for Anima because he knew it was something his father had created to save humanity. Ed'vard didn't want to save humanity. Why would he save those who'd forgotten his father—their creator? He'd wait until Anima became of age, and then there would only be ashes where humans stood. Every creation was destined to end so something new could take its place. Humans were next in the chain of many. Ed'vard wandered with his thoughts for company, drifting through time pensively; waiting to make sure he didn't delay the oncoming demolition. Ed'vard saw her for the very first time when she was five. She was a quiet child, sitting beneath a tree with a coloring book in her hand, oblivious of the world around her. Her small brow was scrunched in concentration, as her cherry lips pouted at the paper she was greatly invested in. She was a beautiful girl. Her skin reminded him of blush-kissed roses from his mother's garden; her hair was the bygone reflection of the Vorori Mountain which had once stood mightily over Pyronia. A frail human, as Ed'vard saw her, inspired curiosity in him and reminded him of all the things he'd lost. He wanted to see what she'd drawn. He walked leisurely to where she sat, beneath the shade of a birch tree, unaware of the danger who'd arrived for an introduction. Maybe his shadow falling over her work alerted her of his presence, or maybe it'd been her instinct of survival. She hid the paper with her small hands, raising her eyes to meet his. They were brown—just like the color of the earth his father had created from chaos—pure and rich. "Hello," Ed'vard said. She whispered a timid, "Hi". Where is her mother? Or her father? Who's brought her here? he thought. No one whose blood ran in her veins was in the vicinity. Interesting. Humans usually didn't leave their young all by themselves. Ed'vard sat beside her, leaning against the solid trunk, weary of his existence. He simply sat quietly as she started working on her drawing again. Why wasn't she running away? "I'm Bella," she said, thrusting the paper into his hand. Ed'vard's eyes drifted on what she'd drawn, making his blood run cold. It was a landscape illustrated in a clever, childish hand, depicting the Immortality Lakes. Her crayons had failed to capture the shimmer of their crystalline blue surface, as well as the detailing veins on the leaves of trees which once stood guard over his father's lakes. But there was no mistaking the place where he'd spent considerable time of his existence. Ed'vard looked at her again, and then he felt it. Or rather, didn't smell it. There was no stench, no smell of rot clinging to her. He looked inside her heart just to make sure. There was no trace of Merosho in her. There was no sin, either. He'd found Anima , and he hadn't even been looking for her. Bella still watched him with those eyes which remind him of home. He wondered what she saw on his face. "Alone—" her eyes glazed over as she touched him "—so alone," she whispered before he pushed her hand away and left hurriedly. In his haste, he'd forgotten her childish effort of picturizing his home was still in his hand. He'd tried to stay far away from her. Or as far as Ed'vard could get while still spying on Bella, pretending her life wasn't fascinating for someone as him. She comforted him with smiles and honest disposition. Even while he watched from afar, Ed'vard didn't feel like an outsider in her life. She was a solace when sins ate at his psyche, when rationality threatened to desert him under the weight of loneliness. Bella was an epitome of what humans had been created to be. Now, her mother… well, she was a different case. Renee would be one of the first on his list when he started his execution. There'd been many nights when Bella's muffled sobs had almost made Ed'vard reach out to her. Despite what the world threw in her path, she always had a smile for others. Even for her vile step-father. Bella was a rose surrounded by thorns. He wondered if his thoughts would've been this charitable had he met her when she was a lot older than five. It was her innocence that drew him in. Even the aspect of his personality which thirsted for blood and carnage appreciated her ability to love everything and everyone. One day, Ed'vard realized he was unable to restrain himself from reaching out to Bella when he'd heard her crying after Renee had locked her in her room without food. And so, he'd started interfering in young Bella's life—something he shouldn't have done in the first place. There'd been countless afternoons when he'd sat with her as she'd painted to her heart's content, and countless nights when she'd fallen asleep to the sound of his voice. Her company made Ed'vard realize madness had taken him in its embrace. His single-minded quest had taken most of his level-headedness. Had he been the Ed'vard who'd roamed Earth and delighted in playing with children, he would've never thought about ending something his father had held dear to his heart. When his madness got to be too much, when the thirst to obliterate everything was at its peak, she brought him back with her innocent questions and observations. " Why are stars so bright, Edward?" " Why are your eyes gold, Edward?" " Are you really a god?" " How do you always come when I call your name?" Her questions always perplexed Ed'vard, making it difficult for him to respond. It was an idyllic existence. Ed'vard looked forward to the time he spent with Bella, and somewhere in between, he almost forgot humanity was supposed to die for its sins. It happened one day as he should've known it would. Bella was sleeping peacefully after a day out in woods. He smiled, remembering her joy when she'd been chasing butterflies in their meadow. "Edward, love you," she murmured, making his heart stop. Heartbeats were gone and silence reigned. It was as if he'd been pushed inside a vacuum and nothing existed except for him. No one existed apart from him. How could Ed'vard forget her species was the reason he was homeless and without a family? How could he forget his father had put him to sleep because he'd favored humans over him? How could he forget she was Anima ? That she'd be the first to burn in his quest? He looked at the child who'd wormed her way inside his heart, and he hurt. Why had he tried to know her? Why had he let Bella comfort him in her own childish way? Had he been so pathetic and weak to need a human shoulder to lean on? Ed'vard desperately wanted to awake her, and demand her not to love him. "Don't do it, Bella…. I'll eventually kill you in the end!" he shrieked inside himself, remembering all the days he'd ever spent in her home. The anger descended on him like lava as he knew it would. She was the reason for everything , something inside him seemed to say. Her species had made him an orphan and homeless. Had he forgotten he wasn't human while trying to pretend he'd been