Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: My Hunted Heart Summary: I was so alone. I had thought I would always be alone. But then suddenly I wasn't. And somehow that was even worse. Because now, I had something to lose. That scared me more than the thought of the Volturi catching me ever could. Jake was too important. Jake would make me risk it all. Pairing: Renesmee Cullen / Jacob Black Rating: M Word count: 6,986 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Some days, I really wanted to kill Jake. It wasn't because I hated him. It wasn't because he'd done something terrible to deserve it. It was because he was so goddamn, fucking perfect. He was too nice. Too good looking. Too strong. Too much of everything I'd ever wanted. And he was everything I couldn't have. There were so many things I hadn't even known I'd needed until I met him. All the delusions I'd wrapped myself up in had crumbled into dust when I'd caught sight of his warm dark eyes. Eyes that had almost convinced me to do what my family had been begging me to do for weeks. To stop running. … My heart, which beat too fast even on a normal day, was thundering furiously in my chest as I strolled through the woods of the Olympic Peninsula. My racing pulse was a strange contrast to my eerily calm breaths. With the wondrous scent of forest, trees, and rain filling up my lungs and reminding me of my childhood, it was impossible to be afraid. How could I be scared of the one place that would always be home? Of course, it wasn't the place I was scared of. It wasn't the people I was scared of either. It was what would happen because of my presence. It was the thought of my family crying in pain and sadness—and heaven forbid, anger—that had me scared. If only I could see them. Talk to them even. It would make everything better. The aching loneliness in my heart would go away. But I couldn't. It was too dangerous. The Volturi were always watching. I had been a mature vampire-human hybrid for almost 15 years when they came back for me. We had always known it would happen. They had been interested in me when I was just a baby, and it had been clear that I was a prize they wanted. I, Renesmee Cullen, would always be a target. A target my family was determined to protect. Whenever anyone got close, I was whisked away while my aunts and uncles fought. I hid and did nothing while they were hurt. They all recovered, but that wasn't the point. It wasn't fair for them to be punished for my sake. But when I'd brought up the possibility of me fighting, of confronting Aro, they had been appalled. No. Absolutely not. Dear little Nessie was too valuable. So, I took things into my own hands and ran away. I felt terrible for leaving them, for lying and hiding, but it was for the best. Now, instead of my nine family members all being in danger, it was just me. Me on the run, constantly moving from city to city, country to country. I cut off all contact, not wanting to give the Volturi any reason to cause trouble with my family. And it had been working. If only the separation didn't hurt so much. It wasn't even a sharp, overwhelming pain—the type of pain that made you scream and cry and overtook everything. No, this was slow and subtle. This pain was sinking deep into my bones, so deep I thought it would never leave me. Leaning on a nearby tree, I sucked in a deep calming breath. I was okay. Everything was okay. Being here would make it better. That was what I had thought when I convinced myself to come here. It had been a risky decision, because I was sure the Volturi were monitoring Forks, but I'd had to do something. I needed something— anything— to ground me. If I couldn't go and find my family, this was the next best thing. I didn't expect my family to come and find me. An hour later, I was slowly wandering around, my heart finally calm and my shaking hands finally still. That was until a sudden voice behind me had me jumping in shock; my senses once again on edge. And it was a voice I had heard before. A voice I would never ever forget. "Nessie?" the man called out, his voice deep but soft. I turned slowly, knowing who I would see before I locked eyes on him. Jacob Black. Jacob, who had always been Jake to me. Jake, who hadn't aged a day since I'd last seen him thanks to his shapeshifting abilities. Jake, who had imprinted on me. It had happened when I was just a baby. He had been my close friend when I was a toddler; my only friend who wasn't family. Until we had moved away. We had been in Forks too long, and the locals were getting suspicious. With his responsibility to his pack, Jake had stayed behind. Everyone had agreed it was best—to start separating us so we weren't dependent on one another. A plan that had paid off when just a few years later the Volturi had started making moves, forcing us to go into hiding. Jake and I had barely stayed in contact as the fighting increased. Now, it had been eight years since I'd seen him, and more than two years since we'd even spoken on the phone. Yet in all that time neither of us had aged. We were both immortal. We could have seen each other only yesterday. But though Jake might be exactly the same age-wise, there were still differences in his appearance. His hair was shorter now, yet still jet black. His eyes were still the same dark brown, although they seemed sadder. He was still very tall and muscled, something easily displayed by his shirtless state. In fact, his chest was quite distracting in a way it had never been before. His face caught my attention as well, causing my eyes to trace his cheekbones and mouth almost against my will. I knew I was staring, but I couldn't seem to stop. Then again, Jake was staring right back at me. Eight years hadn't felt that long with all the rush and fear of being hunted, yet suddenly it seemed like a lifetime. Several lifetimes, actually. So much had happened. So much had changed. Feeling like it was a dream, we both slowly moved toward one another. Some distant part of my mind warned me against it, but I was too distracted to care. Right now, in this moment, there was only Jake. "Your hair is different," he said, breaking the silence surrounding us. Automatically, one of my hands snapped upward to touch the short strands. It had only taken me a week on the run to realize my waist-length bronze curls would have to go. Running with long hair was a nightmare, and the red-gold was too noticeable. So, with a heavy heart, I had the hairdresser chop it off until it just touched my shoulders, and dye it a simple brown. It was currently hidden beneath a plain black hat to further disguise myself. Then, in a movement almost too fast to follow, Jake was suddenly tugging the hat off my head. I couldn't help but stiffen at his proximity, hyper aware of his body. It had been so long. Too long since I had been this close to anyone. I had been so alone. And now, suddenly, here was Jake—strong, handsome and warm, and only an inch away. "You look different. Older," he continued, more seriously now. I did nothing but shrug. Not because I didn't care. Not because I was oblivious. But because it was all I could do to keep myself composed. My head was spinning, my emotions racing. "Ness? Are you okay? Why won't you speak?" Jake asked, looking worried. My heart clenched. "Because I don't know what to say," I whispered reluctantly, hugging my arms to my chest. Now that I'd gotten over the initial shock of seeing him, my brain had finally caught up to my heart, and I was realizing what a terrible idea this was. I had refused to let myself see or talk to my family to keep them safe, and to take away the temptation of going back. Seeing Jake, my soul mate, was just as bad. Worse even. Because until ten seconds ago, I had never really thought of him as my soul mate. I had never felt that connection. But now I did. Now, attraction had burst between us in an explosion of heat. I had run into Jake at the worst time, when my guard was already down, and now he was working his way into my heart. I could see in his eyes his excitement, his caring, his feelings towards me. Emotions I would be destroying. Kindness I would throw back in his face, excitement that would turn to dread. It was already happening; the light in his eyes was dimming. "When Bella told me you'd left, I didn't believe her," he said sadly, one of his hands moving forward to pluck a leaf from the sleeve of my jacket. The motion seemed automatic for him, but it made me gasp. He hadn't properly touched me, but I suddenly realized that I wanted him to. I wanted to feel his skin against mine. I wanted the electricity I was sure he would spark. I wanted the contact of someone I cared about, contact I had been so deprived of since I ran away. Gritting my teeth and shoving back the stupid girly impulses, I spoke as calmly as possible. "I did it because I love them. To protect them. I didn't want them to get hurt," I replied, keeping my expression blank. I had to keep it together. I couldn't crumble—not now. But Jake wasn't hiding his emotions and his disapproval was clear. "They are hurting now, Nessie. You are hurting them," he retorted. I glared at him. Did he think I didn't know that? Did he think it didn't hurt me just as bad? Or was he trying to change my mind by bringing up the hurt afresh? "Better me hurting them than Aro," I snapped, taking a step back. This was not what I had expected from Jake. This conversation didn't feel as if one soul mate was talking to another. It didn't even feel like friends. It felt like a fight. A fight that mirrored the turmoil inside of me. My blank expression must have slipped because suddenly Jake softened, grabbing my hand to stop me taking another step back. "I'm sorry, Ness. I shouldn't have said it like that," he apologized, his big brown eyes suddenly staring at me with full force. I shivered under his gaze. It felt like he was seeing more than just my body, as if he were seeing right down inside of me. No one had been close to knowing what I was really feeling in months. No one had even cared. "I just want to help you. I don't want you to be sad," Jake continued softly. "I don't want you to be scared and hurting, because I can feel that you are." He held his hand to his heart, saying, "I can feel it here." I gaped at him. " You can feel my emotions ?" I asked, my voice squeaky with surprise. Had he always been able to do that? Why had no one told me? "It only just started, Ness. I had a strange feeling you were close, so I came and found you, and they resonated