Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: No Longer Alone Summary: Charlie had become accustomed to spending his life alone. His daughter re-enters his life, and he realizes what he'd been missing. When she moves on, Charlie is alone again. Will he find another to save him from his solitude? Pairing: Charlie/Sue Rating: T Word count: 4391 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Charlie spent most of his adult life alone. After his ex-wife Renee left with their infant daughter and his parents passed away, he became a solitary man. He was only twenty three at the time. He still saw a few of his childhood friends, but his day-to-day life was lonely. Mostly, he'd thrown himself into his police work to keep his mind off the pain of losing so much. His dedication and hard work quickly earned him the title of Chief of Police. He was proud of himself, but he only had a few old friends on the Rez to tell it to. It didn't matter—he was getting used to being on his own. Going solo had its perks—he answered to no one and he did as he pleased, even though his job barely left time for watching the game on TV with a few beers after work. His friends Billy and Harry would come over and join him sometimes, or they would go out fishing down in Neah Bay, so he wasn't a total social outsider. For two weeks every summer as she was growing up, his daughter Bella would visit and he'd take time off work. They'd spend most of their time in La Push because Charlie barely knew her really, and he didn't know what to do with her when he had her. Bella didn't mind, playing with Billy's kids while he and Billy kept out of their hair and got caught up in telling each other stories from the past. A wave of sadness always accompanied Bella's immediate absence, but over time, he began to prefer being alone, so the feeling would pass and he'd go back to his comfort zone. Years went by and Charlie was comfortable with the way his life was. His simple existence was altered one day with a phone call from his ex-wife, telling him that she would be traveling a lot with her new ballplayer husband, and so she thought it best Bella live with him for her last two years of high school. And then, a month later, he was picking up his mostly grown daughter from the airport. Sure, it was awkward at first, but he and Bella were cut from the same cloth—quiet, pensive, bad at small talk. It was nice to hear footsteps on the second floor and have a home cooked meal every once in a while. He got used to her company real fast. Just as fast, she met a boy and fell in love, and he saw her less and less. Even as she withdrew into her relationship, she was still a presence in the house, still lived with Charlie, so he held on to that piece of her. Now, as he watched the car pull away from the reception, carrying his daughter and her new husband to their honeymoon, he realized that she would not be coming back home. A fresh wave of emptiness hit him like a brick wall. He was alone again. CSCSCSCSCS Time passed again and Bella had been on her honeymoon for three weeks. Long honeymoons were one thing, but this felt like something else. She hadn't called the whole time. This felt like too long. Something wasn't right, and Charlie was worried. When he couldn't wait for news any longer, he called Dr. Cullen. Carlisle told him she'd caught a virus and was too ill to fly, but the doctor had no more information to give. In fact, Carlisle's responses to Charlie's growing number of phone calls felt cryptic, like he was hiding something. Alarm bells went off in his head, his cop sense alerted. The civilian in him knew that Dr. Carlisle Cullen was a stand up kind of guy, a do-gooder. The kind of guy who adopts four teenagers in his early thirties, even though he looked more like he was in his early twenties. Charlie had thought about asking what Carlisle's secret to looking young was, but he was worried Carlisle would say plastic surgery, and then he'd really be embarrassed. Carlisle Cullen, the compassionate benefactor, the young doctor with impeccable bedside manner and even better lifesaving skill. But the cop in him, deep down in his gut, Charlie thought the good doctor was maybe a little too perfect. The Cullens were all a little too perfect. The ones you least suspect always had something to hide, and he couldn't help the nagging thought that there was more going on than the doctor was telling him. Charlie was aware he was being irrational. He was just nervous, he told himself. If only he could just speak to Bella, hear her voice. Charlie was confused and scared for his daughter, but he couldn't get a straight answer to his questions, couldn't find out exactly where she was so he could go to her. Charlie needed someone to talk to. He got in his car and drove, crossing the border into the reservation. He was surprised when he realized he'd passed his friend Billy's house by, and he didn't realize where he was until he put the cruiser in park. At Harry's house. Well, Sue's house now. He stared at the house for several minutes, really not sure why he'd come. Charlie had known Sue for many years, had a crush on her even—she was beautiful with tan, unblemished skin, long, pin-straight hair, a sharp nose and soulful eyes— but she'd always been Harry's girl. His best friend. His dead best friend. There was a sudden rap on the driver side window and Charlie nearly jumped out of his skin. Turning to look, Sue's face peered in at him, her lips upturned with a smirk and her eyes shining brightly in the moonlight. She made a motion for him to roll down his window, to which he complied. "What is this, a protection detail?" Charlie flushed with embarrassment. "Oh, er, no, I..." Sue chuckled. "Come inside." Charlie hadn't been inside this house since Harry's funeral. It still looked the same; a one level, three bedroom house with traces of Harry everywhere, his fishing pole still in the corner by the door. Reminders for the children that their father was still in Sue's heart, perhaps. Or maybe it just felt wrong to stow them away. Sue caught Charlie looking and smiled fondly at the pole. "I keep it there because I don't want to forget." "How could you forget? You were married nineteen years, together for what, twenty two?" "Twenty three." She shook her head. "You're right. I wouldn't forget. But people do irrational things when they're mourning." She sighed and shook her head, looking anywhere but at him. Charlie reckoned this part of the conversation was over. Pulling herself together, she smiled softly. "You hungry?" His stomach growled in answer and they both chuckled as they headed into the small galley kitchen. "I made a bunch of pasta, but it looks like the kids aren't coming home tonight, so we should eat it. Don't want it go to waste." Charlie thought she could just refrigerate it, but he said nothing to that effect, just agreed. As Sue prepared a couple of plates, Charlie watched as she moved gracefully in the cramped space, her straight black hair nearly brushing the crest of her butt. "Thank you," he said when she cracked open a beer for him. She smiled. "No, thank you . I hate eating alone." Charlie smiled back and dug in to the spaghetti and meatballs. After a few bites, Sue asked, "So, Charlie, what brings you here?" Charlie had been so distracted he'd forgotten his angst for a moment. As he remembered what was going on, he suddenly felt nauseous. "Bella's sick." Sue gasped in surprise. "What?" "Yeah, I don't know. She went to Brazil for the honeymoon and caught some rare disease, and now she's been flown to Atlanta where they might have a cure." Sue paused, searching for the right thing to say, finally just shaking her head in disbelief. "I know," he continued, "it's fucked. I keep calling Carlisle, but he doesn't know what she has, but it might be contagious. He assures me that he'll let me know 'when any further information comes to light.'" He made air quotes, a look of scorn on his face. "Whoa. I'm so sorry. That's terrible, Charlie." Her hand reached out to him from across the table, but she was too far away for him to reach, so he didn't move to grasp it. Charlie had kept himself in check throughout all of this. He'd tried to be reasonable and calm, but he reached the limit of his self-control and was starting to get heated. "I know." He paused to try to control his emotions. Charlie's jaw clenched when he said, "You know, I think I'm gonna go over there, confront Carlisle and make him tell me what's going on. Maybe bring my rifle for emphasis." "Oh…" Sue hesitated, chewing her lip. Then, she looked straight into his eyes. "Don't do that." Charlie furrowed his brow. "Why the fuck not?" She sat back, a weird look on her face that Charlie couldn't read. "Don't you think Dr. Cullen would tell you if he knew where to find her? Don't you think they would all be in Atlanta with their son and brother when his new wife is desperately ill?" Charlie hadn't thought of it like that. "I guess." Sue nodded, her long hair falling and hiding her face a little. "The Cullens care about Bella." He sighed. "Yeah, I know they do." They continued to eat in companionable silence. Only when he'd cleared his plate did Charlie come up for air. "So where are the kids?" Sue shrugged, not looking up from her plate. "They're probably down at the beach with the other kids, or hanging out at Sam's house." Sue's eyes darted about as she said that, but Charlie didn't notice. "But didn't Sam break up with Leah? He's engaged to your niece now? That's what Billy told me." She chewed on her lower lip. "Yeah, he's going to marry Emily." "I can't believe Leah would want to spend time with him. I'd want to tear his balls off." Sue chuckled. "Well, she did want to at first. But she sees how happy they are. It hurts her, but she's a strong girl. She and Sam still care about each other, but…it's complicated." "Love always is." Sue smiled shyly. "Not always." CSCSCSCSCS A few days later, Sue stopped by Charlie's house, saying she'd been in the area, so she might as well drop in and say hello. Charlie knew this was an excuse—a flimsy one, at that—but he was glad she stopped by. He invited her in and they went to check out the meager contents of his fridge. Bella had always made sure it was stocked, but she'd been gone for weeks now. Charlie froze when he noticed how barren it was, and thoughts of Bella and her health took hold in his mind. He struggled to control his breathing, but Sue noticed and chose something to eat. They were putting together bologna and cheese sandwiches when the phone rang. Charlie rushed for it, hoping it was Carlisle with news. "Hello?" " Dad?" "Oh my God, Bella! Where are you?" " Dad, I'm okay. I know you've been worried, and I have been sick. I'm so sorry, Dad." Charlie paced as far as the cord on his phone would let him. "You have nothing to be sorry about,