Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: Exes and Ho's Summary: The beginning of any great relationship is filled with hugs & kisses, X's and O's. Ours, however, seems to be plagued by exes and ho's. Pairing: Edward & Bella Rating: M Word count: 6,999 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. EPOV Emmett will never learn. I shake my head, watching my best friend, Dr. McCarty, flirt with one of the ditzy pharmacy techs at the precise moment Dr. Hale walks by, her nose stuck in a book. It's not unusual to see her like this, she's trying to get published. It's better than her nose being stuck in the air the way so many of the other ladies behave around here. I don't know why Emmett's playing these games; he fell for her months ago. She isn't letting him in her pants yet, and it's driving him berserk. I'm sure she's not a virgin. She's just making him work for it, and I love it. Girls usually flock to him. He deserves to sweat it out occasionally. He gives me a nod as I grab a tray, moving through the cafeteria line. While I'm waiting for my Cobb salad, I check my phone. Big surprise: another missed call from the good doctor. If she wasn't drop dead gorgeous and her voice wasn't so goddamn enticing on all these messages, I'd have given up on the hopes of this elusive date weeks ago. "Hey, Bella. Phone tag, you're it," I say, chuckling. "Sorry I missed your call again, surgery went long. Looking forward to Thursday. Call me if anything changes, though. See ya." "Whaddup, McSteamy?" Emmett hip-checks me as I move forward to pay for my meal. "Buy me lunch?" I roll my eyes, waving my debit card. "For both," I say to the cashier, whipping my head toward Emmett. "And would you stop calling me that, for God's sake?" He snorts while we make our way toward the tables. "Thanks, man. I'll getcha next week," he promises, taking a seat. "How'd surgery go?" "Routine discectomy at L4-5. Girl was dragging her left leg behind her yesterday. Today when she wakes up she'll be good as new." "Except for recovering from the knife wound you left in her back." "Well, yes, except for that." I pour ranch dressing over my salad and grab my fork. "Who are you in for today?" "Intensive care all week," he answers, dropping his slice of pizza and wiping his mouth with a napkin. "Gimme a few more days, and I know I'll have Rosie eating out of my hand. I've got like, seven of her patients on my caseload. She's calling me all the time, answering my pages." He chugs his Monster Energy drink and covers his mouth to belch. "It's a thing of beauty." I tip my head while stirring Stevia into my iced tea. "You do know she's only calling you back because you're the hospitalist on call, and her patients' lives are in your hands when she's away, right?" He blows me off with a wave. "Semantics. I showed her the best night of her life on New Year's Eve, and we've had some pretty intense moments since then." "Emmett¸ helping her crack a guy's chest open in the ER last month doesn't count. And what? You've maybe had coffee twice since then?" "Hey, why're you busting my balls over this?" he argues, widening his arms. "Rosie's got a good thing going in me, she just doesn't know it yet." "And do you plan to show her your good thing while fawning all over Jessie from the pharmacy and Nurse Ratched?" I wiggle my thumb over my shoulder. "Irina's cool, you just have to know how to smooth talk her. That's why they call me McDreamy." "No one calls you that." I shovel a chunk of turkey and some hard-boiled egg into my mouth. "Untrue." He leans forward, looking like he's ready to drop some top-secret information at my feet. "Girls all over this place drool when they see you and me together. We need to be working this angle. Find some twins or something. You're getting rusty. Who's the latest chick, anyway?" "Dr. Isabella Swan. She's doing her fellowship up in Urology under Dr. Whitlock." "Aww, man. You know that won't last." Emmett dips his pizza crust in my ranch, while I lean back, looking on, dumb-founded. "Is she hot?" "Extremely," I snap, snatching away my cup of dressing. "And we haven't even managed a first date. I'm hardly concerned about it lasting at this point." He waves his fingers at a table of nurses, and they instantly oooh and ahhh , batting their lashes. "Dude, she looks at dicks all day. How're you gonna compete with that?" I rub my fingers across my forehead, suddenly stricken with a headache after spending ten minutes with my idiot friend and roommate. "How you graduated top of your class at Harvard is still a mystery to me." Through a mouthful of pizza, he grins. "Because I fuckin' rock. Your life would be a mess without me." "My life would have less female drama without you, definitely." "Hey, I've set you up on plenty of dates with decent girls." I guffaw and guzzle my tea. "Decent is a strong word." "Look, there might've been an issue here or there," he concedes, knowing full well some of the head cases he's sent my way. "But, hey, we all want a freak in the street and a freak in the bed, right?" He holds up his hand to high-five me—which I leave hanging—but he gets distracted and instead waves at the approaching hottie. "It's a lady in the street and a freak in the bed, Luda." I roll my eyes. "Hi, Dr. McCarty," one of the EMS girls croons, squeezing his arm as she passes us. "Thanks for helping out with that code earlier." She winks over her shoulder, hips swishing, continuing on her way. He pats his chest. "Baby, that's what I'm here for!" We could all fall into his dimples, he grins so hard for her. Meanwhile, I continue to inhale my salad. I have to get back on the floor in ten minutes. "So tell me more about Dr. Dick. How'd you meet, again?" I grin, thinking back to Christmas Eve when we consulted on an emergency case. "I was called in when she did an MRI for one of her patients, who was probably days away from kidney and intestinal failure. I went in, fixed the massive compressions in his thoracic spine, and Dr. Swan took over from there." "And the patient?" he questions, brownie crumbs spewing. "In perfect health, last time I checked." I stab a sliver of ham before finishing my thought. "I worked with her a few weeks ago, too. She and I swapped numbers and have played tag ever since." "And the junk thing? You'd really be okay with that?" "Emmett, she's a urologist." I pound my fist on the table, but not enough to alarm the place. "We all have specialties. Hers is working on dicks, yours is being one." "Look, I'm just sayin' . . . my girl handling shafts all day? Helping out with erectile dysfunction and shit?" He shakes his head. "Nahh, buddy. Mine's the only one she should be stroking." "Well, if she's test driving them, then yes, it'll become an issue. For now, she's not my girl, and we just need to have our first date. We've had a dozen run-ins in the halls. She flirts, definitely lets me know she's interested. I've turned on the charm . . . it's like a month of foreplay without having a meaningful conversation. I'm ready to see what she's all about. All we've done for weeks is schedule and reschedule because something always comes up." "Exactly." He points his drink at me with a wide-eyed nod. "Dicks." XOXOXO I show up to our breakfast date twenty minutes early, hoping to grab my favorite spot. "Hey Dr. Cullen," an interns calls out as I pass by with the hostess. Then another table of paramedics gives me a nod. I'm always running into associates here at Great Eggspectations since it's down the street from the hospital. When Bella walks through the door, she unravels her scarf, searching me out with her eyes. I stand from the booth and wave, getting a sexy smile in response. "Hey, glad you could make it." She doesn't shy away from the hug I offer. "I'm proud of us. We finally made this happen." Her hands drag down my upper arms, and I swear I feel her give them a squeeze. Maybe the month of foreplay is getting to her, too. "Our voicemails were about to get into a serious relationship," she says with a laugh. "It's time we tried to catch up." Once she's tucked into her seat, her cell goes off, playing the theme from Twilight Zone . It makes me chuckle, but she just glances at the screen and stashes it in her pocket. I settle myself across from her just as a server approaches our table. "The chefs are trying out a new menu item, so we're giving free samples to our customers today." She places two plates down for us. "Quiche Lorraine with pancetta, hope you enjoy. And I'll give you a few minutes to look over the menu." Bella smiles at the waitress while I answer. "Great, thanks very much." "Nice choice, Dr. Cullen," Bella says, impressed. "Free food on our first time out." She raises her fork. "Shall we?" I clink my fork with hers and toast, "To a long overdue date." "I'll eat to that," she adds, taking a bite. "Mmmm, this is fantastic." "Tell me about it," I agree, reaching for my water. "Have you ever eaten here before?" "No." She wipes her mouth with a napkin. "I'm not usually a breakfast person." My stomach sinks, hearing that I've probably lost a few points for suggesting this place and time. "I'm sorry, we could've chosen somewhere else." "Oh, no, it's not that I don't like breakfast food," she reassures, taking another forkful of quiche. "I just meant I don't usually have time for breakfast and"—she cringes—"I don't make it a priority." "I know what you mean." I nod. "If I have time to grab a granola bar in the mornings, it's a lot. We tell our patients until we're blue in the face about starting the day with a decent breakfast, yet we rarely practice what we preach or follow through." "HA!" Someone shouts behind us. "It's not always easy, but I try to remember to take care of myself." I finish my thought. "Understatement of the motherfucking century!" The same female voice bellows once more. Appropriately enough, the Twilight Zone song sounds again. Bella's facial expression must mirror mine: confusion, mild embarrassment for the loudmouth, and a general feeling of 'what in the ever-loving fuck?' After she silences her phone, I reach for the pepper. A second later, Bella straightens in her seat and places her fork down, her eyes bugging out. "Did you seriously just say that with a straight face?" My head twists to the right, realizing the same person now standing at our table is the one who just made the commotion. Holy hell. It's Tanya Denali, nymphomaniac and one of the per diem respiratory therapists I went out with in the fall. Her makeup is more caked-on than usual, and she clearly just reapplied her lipstick, because her mouth is a glossy blood red. Although I'm stunned into silence momentarily, Bella gives me a kick under the table to get me going. "I beg your pardon?" "Just telling it like it is, Dr. Cullen." At least Tanya has the decency to keep her voice down at this point. "Oh, he'll give you a smooth