Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: Habanera Summary: "I hate that I love you." "I hate that I love you, too." A story of two rivals, sworn to do their job. It could turn beautiful or simply ruin everything. It's funny how love works, isn't it? M for language and other adult content. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 6,869 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. BPOV It's about three in the afternoon when Siobhan calls a meeting. I go through everything done recently and find nothing wrong, so I know I can't be in trouble. It's either a new assignment or some well-deserved vacation time. The second option is doubtful since we're the best here, though it would be nice. Once we're inside the secure room and seated, my red-headed boss woman hands us each a file and starts talking. "This your new target. Although you have had a few run-ins from time to time, study it well." We all open the file and I have to school my features. "As you're aware, he's a hit-man, and will know something is up if one little thing doesn't go as planned." I sit up a little straighter and look over at my most trusted people. According to the file, Edward Anthony Cullen is a new friend of Aro Volturi. Aro is Italian and owns Volturi Hotels, an up and coming Hilton-like chain. Aro is also known for using two of those hotels to run a sex slave ring—and we're still in the process of finding more. Boss lady continues, "Word has it that Aro plans to expand his hotels from Europe into the U.S., thus bringing his illegal dealings onto our soil. Mr. E.A.C. is supposed to help with security and communications in these new establishments." No. This can't be true. "It is your job to confirm this and to take him out. Aro's sex ring will not set foot in our country. We have enough problems to deal with." To me, the obvious and better target would be Aro himself. However, I know we need more proof before that can happen. Edward is a known communications expert as well as a hit man, and Siobhan goes on to explain that we will have to be a little more covert than normal in our approach to this assignment. Fuck covert, I think. She may not know about me and him, but being covert won't work. He'll know something is up. The asshole can read me like a book. "I want you to find Edward's patterns, his weaknesses …" I start to tune her out, thinking about the first time we met at the club … April 2014 Rose and I just completed a night job in London. With the eight-hour time difference, it's only around one o'clock in the afternoon in Seattle. So, by the time we get back and released to go home, it's 11:30pm. I'm well-rested and feel pretty good, despite the long flight. I want to dance and hopefully get laid to help get rid of this energy. Wearing a tight purple dress with purple heels to match and gold jewelry to accent, I leave my hair down in waves. It's safe to say I'm feeling pretty sexy. Dancing sandwiched between Rose and Ali to the beat of the Ying Yang Twins "Wait (The Whisper Song)," I look to my right and catch a pair of gorgeous eyes watching me intently. His hair sticks up every which way, but due to the darkness and multi-colored lights, I can't tell the color. It's easy to see he likes what I'm doing, just by his stare and the way his tongue peeks out to wet those sexy lips of his. The way his eyes undress me from twenty feet away makes me feel more desired than ever. In the midst of our stare, some guy with light brown, maybe blond hair, pulls Alice away, and Rose says she's going to the ladies' room. He starts to stand when I feel two hands wrap around my waist from behind. I peek over my shoulder to find a handsome, dark brown haired stranger who's about five-ten smiling at me. When I look back, Mr. Sex-hair is nowhere in sight. "Any questions?" Siobhan asks, bringing me out of my memory. Shit. I missed everything she said. "Um," I clear my throat, hoping what I'm about to ask hasn't been covered yet. "Why isn't the FBI taking this? Mr. Cullen was born as a U.S. citizen and still is." I don't generally ask many questions, as all I need to know is usually in the files, but it's my understanding that it's the FBI's job to handle all things domestic, including people. "Because," she answers with a sigh of frustration, "he became our problem when he made the I'm-going-to-work-with-Aro decision." I close my mouth with a single nod and look back down at my file, doing a quick read. She's clearly in a mood today. "If that's all, you're dismissed. And don't forget, Bella. No mess, again." I nod once more, knowing she means it. I tell Ty and Ro, my two cohorts, to follow me to my desk. I need to get some sticky notes and tabs for my file. I have a color coded process when looking these over. "We need to head down to see Alice and fill her in—and I need to talk to all of you," I say, hoping I'm not giving anything away with my face or voice. Once in the elevator, without moving my body or giving any sign to the cameras that could raise suspicion, I make them both swear not to show any emotion regarding what I'm about to tell them. It's time to come clean about us seeing each other, but I will not repeat myself, so I have to be vague for the moment. Thankfully the cameras only record what they see at all times, and you can turn off the microphones with a push of a button. A lot of other need-to-know conversations between many other people have happened in these elevators. "I don't believe this file. Edward would never be involved in a sex slave ring, not unless he was taking out the ones in charge." Ty, keeping his word to not move, disagrees. "You don't know that, B. He's a hit-man for hire and a geek, meaning running security and coms is just up his alley." I take a deep breath, careful not to move my mouth too much when I speak. "I don't believe it because I know him. Once we talk to Ali, we'll all meet over at my house and I'll explain further. I need to know that no matter what, you two are on my side." After a short pause, they both swear that they are and that they have my back. "I know we just said we got you, but I think we need to know—should we be worried about how you know him?" Tyler asks seriously. I look at his expression and then over at Rosalie's. They look a little concerned already. "No," I say after a moment. "And if I'm being completely honest, you should only start to worry if I'm proven wrong." With that the elevator dings and the doors open, ending our mini chat. We make our way over to Ali's desk and talk to her. I tell her the bare minimum about having a new assignment and that I don't want to discuss it here. She agrees to meet tonight at my house to get a plan together. I remind them to bring the file, their secure laptops, and anything else they need, and to be at my house at seventeen-hundred. "You can eat before you come or you can bring something, I don't really care." That gives me enough time to make sure my house is bug free, even though I know it is, and time for everyone to get their shit together, as well as my own. My cooking is reserved for fun, family, and social get-togethers. This is none of those. I take my time getting home, making a stop at the McDonald's drive-thru and ordering a double cheeseburger, medium fries, and chocolate shake. I want some crappy food, and this satisfies that craving. Once inside my home, I eat before checking every possible place a bug could be. I can't stop the memories of our first real encounter that start to flood my mind. I was in Paris at an expensive French restaurant near the Eiffel Tower, eating dinner with my intended mark … June 2014 As we leave, he falls to the floor with full body convulsions from the poison I slipped in his whiskey. I play my part as a distraught date, and thankfully a security guard takes me outside so I don't have to see what's happening and to get some fresh air. He practically carries me out, taking me to the side of the restaurant where there's an alley. I tell him that I'm okay now and he can let me go, but he doesn't. Instead, he turns me around and says that he can distract me from my pain. This guy is even dumber than I anticipated. Even though I know what he's implying, I keep playing my part and look at him, confused. Taking in my expression, thus taking the bait, he kisses me. I grab his balls and squeeze hard. He releases my mouth with a grunt of pain and grabs my wrist. I let him go, drop my clutch, grab his hand and twist, making his arm go behind his back. Kicking him in the back of the knees so he falls, I use my body weight and high-heeled feet to force him on his stomach. Pulling my favorite knife from the holster on my thigh, I kneel with my right knee digging into his back between his shoulder blades. With the knife to his throat, I say, "Make a sound and you die." He nods and I reach for my clutch so I can call Rose for back-up, but his voice stops me. " You know, that was supposed to be my job in there." I instantly look up at his smug voice and see the eyes of the man that has haunted me for close to two and a half months. Standing up slowly and placing my heeled foot on the guy's neck, I take in the gorgeous man. His auburn hair looks like someone ran their fingers through it, his lips form a smirk that I just want to bite, his tailored suit oozes sex, and he happens to be pointing a silenced gun at me. If I wasn't on alert, I'd think he looked down right lickable. The time to leave creeps up on us, but I just don't know what to do or say. Since the gun is pointed at me and not by his side, there's no way I can throw my knife faster than he can shoot. I'm sure he also notices that we need to get going, but looks like he doesn't want to leave. To be honest, I don't want to either. Taking matters into his own hands, he shoots the security guard and kills him. Now I have blood on my leg and my shoe. "Well, that's disappointing," I mutter, referring to both the blood and the dead guy. I'm rather fond of these shoes, too. He shrugs a shoulder, saying, "You killed my intended mark. It only seems fair." Once we call who we need to call, I ask his name. I need to know who I might be dealing with in the future. Edward Cullen. My ride shows up then and I give him my name as I walk past. I leave with a mischievous grin and a finger wave as I