Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: Target Acquired Summary: I am Isabella Swan. Code Name: Cygnet. He is my assignment, and I will risk my life and take others in order to protect him. It's just another job. It has to be—this is what I do. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 6,996 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Take a seat." Director Hale appraises me with ice-blue eyes as I cross the room. "Isabella, this is Carlisle Cullen of Cullen Media." She doesn't have to tell me who he is—he's one of the world's most recognizable faces. His company owns thirty percent of the world's media. Carlisle reaches across to shake my hand. "Nice to meet you, Isabella. Ms. Hale tells me you're the best." Rosalie's eyes narrow at me from across the table. "Let's begin." The mission is Carlisle's eldest son, Edward. Six foot three, a hundred and sixty-five pounds, green eyes, auburn hair, born and raised in new money, educated at Harvard—although he hasn't done much with his ivy-league education—and currently hopping from one beach to the next across Europe. At least he was, until he disappeared a week ago. Rosalie gestures to Carlisle, her expression softening. "Please tell Isabella about the emails?" Carlisle clears his throat. "After we were unable to reach Edward in Barcelona, we received an email saying he was taken hostage." While he talks, I flip through the file—emails, CCTV stills, plane manifests, lists of possible suspects and known associates. "Russians?" I ask, looking up. Rosalie frowns. "It looked that way at first, but now we suspect otherwise. Intel suggests a multi-national, with cells in Switzerland, China, and Somalia, and two more, unconfirmed." I pause on the picture of Edward Cullen. He screams trust fund. "Forgive me, but shouldn't the NSA or CIA handle this?" Carlisle speaks first. "I know this isn't what your Program usually deals with, but you're the best. I don't have time for government red tape." He reaches across the desk, as if his hand can span the length of the table to reach me. "I want my son back." Rosalie nods almost imperceptibly. I wonder how much he's paying us. "I'm in," I say. "Good." Rosalie stands. "Wheels up in two hours." I touch down to a hundred-degree Barcelona day, and the kind of hot wind that feels like it's melting the skin off your bones. I head straight for Edward's hotel. "Suite 1412, as requested," says the desk clerk. "The Concierge will take care of your luggage." I flash a dazzling smile as he slides the keycard across the counter. "I think an old college buddy of mine is staying here. Edward Cullen?" I lower my eyelashes and bite my lip. "Could tell me his room number?" The clerk looks startled. "Oh, Senorita , hotel policy—" "Oh, come on," I say, leaning on the counter. My top is low cut, and I know it's a cheap move, but sometimes you have to work with what you've got. "I'd be… muy agradecida ." Flustered, he glances around furtively before tapping at the keys. "Well, look at that," he says. "Adjoining rooms." A sweep of his room turns up nothing, but a deep search of his last cell ping sends me to a disused factory outside of Tortosa, just south of Barcelona. A safe distance away, I pop the trunk and open the hidden compartment inside. Throwing stars, lock picking equipment, adorable little pocket-sized grenades Jasper designed especially for me—I don't know where to start. Keeping an eye on the factory, I strap knives to my thighs and save room for extra gadgets. Scarlet takes pride of place at my hip, right where she should be. I shrug my leather jacket on and tie my hair back. "Let's do this." It takes a minute to launch myself over the fence, and even less to take out the guards on the perimeter and side door. The third is a little trickier. My back against some kind of metal machine, I silently lift my gun. He rounds the corner and I reach for him as he passes, pressing my arm across his throat and my gun to his temple. "Make a sound and I'll put a bullet in your head," I whisper, tightening my arm. He stumbles as I pull him down to my height. "Where are they keeping him?" "I— " He chokes out a cough, his face turning beet red. " No lo sé ..." "Tell me and I won't kill you." He hesitates, and I can tell he's trying to decide if a hundred and ten pound girl will really kill him. I cock the hammer on Scarlet and his eyes widen, his pulse hammering beneath my grip. "Last door on right," he stutters in broken English. "Third floor." "See?" I slam the butt of my gun to his temple and he collapses at my feet. "That was easy." I creep upstairs and along the walkway spanning the length of the building. Trying not to disturb the crumbling brick, I manoeuvre quietly around a corner. "Incoming," warns Jasper. My heartbeat kicks up as I hear boots against cement floor. My gun is aimed at his head before he has the chance to reach for a weapon. "Drop it," I say quietly. He looks around, unsure whether to run or fight. Thankfully, or unfortunately depending on how you want to look at it, his two-way radio blares, and stupidly he reaches for it. His words are cut off by a single shot, close range, to the head. "There goes stealth mode." I figure I've got a minute until someone comes looking. Covert mission obliterated, I fire three quick shots into the door. The lock explodes and I only have to kick the door once for it to swing open. I touch my earpiece. "Birdsnest, I have eyes on the target." His white shirt is torn and bloody, exposing a ring of bruises around his neck. His head hangs between his shoulders, his arms bound behind his back at an awkward angle. Checking the hallway quickly, I slip into the room, closing the door quietly behind me. "Edward?" I whisper, lifting his head. His face is bruised, but it's clear it's him. Even with a split lip and dried blood caked on his skin, his strong, defined features are unmistakeable. "Can you hear me? I need you to wake up." I reach down to cut the ties binding his legs and arms. "You better wake up, because I'm not carrying you out of here." He groans but doesn't stir. "Fuck it," I mutter under my breath. I pull a vial from my belt, flip the cap, and wave the small steel tube under his nose. His head snaps upright with a snort. "What the-" My hand clamps over his mouth. "I'm here to help." He looks terrified. "Can you be quiet?" Edward nods. I remove my hand slowly, satisfied when he remains silent. "I need you to get up, keep your head down, and run." I grab his hand and pull him from the chair, but it's too late—we have company. Edward freezes when I hold up my hand. I pull him back against the wall and take out the lipstick case stashed in my jacket. I crouch and feel Edward doing the same. Smart boy. "Now's hardly the time to fix your makeup," he hisses. Sassing me? Not so smart. "Afraid it's not your colour?" I snap back. I angle the mirror around the corner, giving me a view of the corridor. Two. Well armed. One I can take on my own—the other will be more challenging. Uncapping the lipstick, I twist the base to arm the tranq dart. "Just stay down." The lipstick fires a compressed air-dart right into the thigh of the bigger guard, sending him down in seconds. The other looks around, confused, giving me enough time to slip out from behind the door. He's tall but slow. He turns, gun raised, but I grab his outstretched hand and use his momentum to pull him off balance. He aims a meaty fist at my head, which I block easily before throwing my knee up into his stomach. He buckles, so I knee him in the face. Blood hits the floor, and I finish him with the butt of my gun to the back of his head. Edward's eyes dart between me and the guy on the floor. "Holy shit." "Come on." I crouch down to grab the guy's piece. I hold out a hand to help Edward, but he stands on his own, his hands shaking as he dusts himself off. "You CIA?" he asks, as we wind our way back out onto the factory floor. "NSA?" "You wish." "Seriously, not that I mind being rescued by a babe with a gun, but who the fuck are you?" We stop, and I press a hand to his chest, pushing him against the wall. "I'm the babe who's going to get you out of here. So until such time as you're on home soil, you do what I say, when I say. Clear, sweetheart ?" He pauses, a pair of the greenest eyes I've ever seen looking me up and down. "I'm all yours." Grabbing him by the front of his shirt, I break into a sprint. "Good. Now run!" The factory provides basic cover, but as soon as we hit open air, we're sitting ducks. It's only by the grace of God that we make it out alive. The dirt to my left explodes as a bullet whizzes past. Lights flash as the Mercedes registers my proximity. I point at the passenger side. "Get in!" Edward's eyes widen. " This is your car?" Suppressing the urge to smile with pride, I slide into the driver's seat. "What did you expect? A minivan? Get in the damn car!" He dives in just in time, barely dodging another bullet. I hit the ignition and the accelerator, and we take off just as three jeeps appear behind us. "Mockingbird," I shout. "A way out of here. And fast!" Bullets ping off the car as I tear onto the highway. Edward ducks in his seat. "Jesus. Is this thing bulletproof?" Ignoring him, I slam my foot onto the accelerator. "That exit, Mockingbird!" "Next right," says Jasper. I flick the steering wheel, and Edward's hands press against the ceiling as we turn sharply. "Put your seatbelt on!" He complies, and we thunder down the dirt road. We've got speed on our side, but these guys are not quitting. Edward's voice is panicked. "It's a dead end!" He's getting on my nerves, but he's right. The road ends abruptly, with nothing but trees and dense undergrowth beyond. "Mockingbird—" Jasper is in my ear instantly. "Hard right." Edward braces on the dashboard, forearms straining as he holds on for dear life. "I'm going to die," he whispers, paling. I hit the handbrake and flick the wheel. The Mercedes arcs, the back tires squealing as we hit the hairpin turn. The jeeps roar past us as we tear away, the move barely slowing us down. They explode into the forest, but I still don't have a good feeling. "What's on my radar?" "Local authorities responding," replies Jasper. "You're free and easy until the safe house." "Copy." I have to take Jasper's word for it. "Cygnet out." The screen gives coordinates for a safe house—a hotel a few miles away, along empty road. "It's not the Hilton," I say as we pull up. "But it'll have to do." Shrugging, Edward runs his hand through his messy hair. It's the most human, vulnerable thing I've seen him do since we met. It's a shocking reminder he's someone's son, something to be kept safe. "I'll check in and be right back." When I return, he's asleep, head resting gently on the window. I help