Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: I Know You Summary: I know you, I walked with you once upon a dream. I know you, The gleam in your eyes is a familiar a gleam. And I know it's true, That visions are seldom all they seem. But if I know you, I know what you'll do, You'll love me at once, the way you did once upon a dream. Pairing: Edward and Bella. Rating: T Word count: 6,866 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. From: Bella M. Swan To: M. Alice Brandon Date: Saturday, September 12, 2015 at 2:39 PM Subject: Straight thru the heart… Dear Alice, Have you ever walked on clouds? I think I did and am. The feeling is indescribable. I may have scared a few people, though. No, not from my cloud walking but my maniacal laughter, or maybe it was the clown-like smile… Visualize me as the twin sister of Joker from the Batman movies or close to that. I think I scared poor Mrs. Cope. She came out of her apartment while I danced a jig in front of our doors, and she went right back inside, closing hers with a bang. No, don't go and call Uncle George. I'm a hundred percent perfect and happy, happy that it finally happened. When are you coming home? I miss you and want someone to scream with, share my happiness. Stop rolling your eyes. I'll tell you why I sound extra loony. Well, here it is… I MET MY DREAM GUY! (I can't stop smiling.) His eyes remind me of the first sprig of leaves when spring starts. Okay, laugh it up, but I'm sure you'll agree with me when you meet him. I'm aware that I have a weakness for green eyes, but this pair is in its own league and has turned my whole being to mush. How should I describe… Time—time lost its meaning while I watched his soulful, sad eyes as they stole my breath. I know it sounds cheesy, but I get the privilege of adding extra cheese after the suffering I went through when you met Jazz. Can I be in love, Alice, already? I feel as if I'm a boat that has wandered the sea for so long and finally found its shore. Should I go into detail? I should, right? Once upon a time, in a faraway land, lived a princess called Bella, beautiful as her name sounds and loved by her aunt, uncle, and evil cousin. (Lol, couldn't help it.) Stop skimming through this. I'll be serious, but I have to tell you, being serious is overrated. Who wants to be serious when you can enjoy the moment with happiness? Back to how cupid hit me between the eyes before you give up reading this. Yes, I think the little diaper-wearing cherub hit me with his arrow, which descended, pierced through my heart, and lodged there. Ah, the sweet pain…. (Fine, I'll stop being sappy.) Let's start from the ungodly time of dawn. I woke up today… I had this brilliant idea to take my camera (I bought a new one, a Canon DSLR) to the park, take some test shots, hoping to capture a few unspoiled scenes before half the New Yorkers descended. Walking down five flights of stairs isn't the best idea when half asleep and bleary-eyed. (No, the elevator works fine, but I thought taking the stairs might wake me up.) Billy's chipper smile didn't help (6:30 is just too damn early) as I walked around the lobby all droopy-eyed. Maybe in his long career as the doorman, he's seen plenty of scowling faces 'cause he still told me good morning with his ever-present smile. But with a bit of sun on my face and a nice cup of coffee, I was back to my old happy, sappy self. Summer has officially fled, and I inhaled cool, crisp air into my lungs. The pavement was wet from the rain last night, and steam rose from a manhole here and there. Fall is magical in a sense. I'm glad we live closer to Central Park since it was relatively less crowded by the time I reached The Pond. Do you know the leaves have changed colors? It looks like a sunset from dawn 'til dark, with trees filled with red, orange, and yellow. I'm starting to miss seeing green, though. It's such a fresh color, soothing to the eye… It brings me such comfort, a feeling of love and care. Is it because I lived my first seventeen years surrounded by it, as you said, and my consciousness is missing it? While we're on the subject of comfort, it's back—the feeling, the slight burn I mentioned… A week ago, I came from your parents' place after a late dinner, and it started, with a slight burn behind my neck, a tingling sensation. Do you think it could be the neurological condition lingering from all those years ago? The frequency has increased since you left. I have some theories. They're ridiculous, but I like the first two. Can an angel be watching out for me? Maybe a ghost (I would love to see either one). What do you think? The last one I'm sure you won't like, and that's that I'm being stalked. (Don't panic. They're theories.) Back to my early-morning photo session. There I was, going trigger happy with my pointer finger, when wham! Out of nowhere, I see these eyes through my lens; they stood out. Did I mention they were green? I was near the entrance side of The Pond, and he was on the opposite bank, and I—I don't know how to describe the feeling of seeing those eyes. They were a brilliant shade of bottle green, and I was rooted to the spot as I stared at them through the camera. And I, Isabella Marie Swan, freelance photographer of twenty-six, who had seen and photographed thousands of eyes, froze and fell in love. No, I don't think it's infatuation. It's as if my soul recognized its other half. I was a mess and still don't know when I decided to move until an older woman in her late sixties asked me if I was okay or lost. What's more surprising was that I was standing right where he'd been, and I was full-out sobbing. Should I consult Uncle George, Alice? Did you cry when you met Jasper? My moods are riding a roller coaster. One minute I'm happy; the next I wanna scream and gather a task force to find those eyes. I miss you and want you here now the most. Take care! Love you! Your confusedly in love cousin, Bella From: M. Alice Brandon To: Bella M. Swan Date: Sunday, September 13, 2015 at 10:00 AM Subject: Happy Birthday, Sweets! Dear Bella, Wishing you a very happy birthday, baby cousin, and may all your wishes come true! Did you get my present? Hope you like it. I missed you too, and I love my work here, but in a few months, we'll be together. Are you being stalked? I'm worried. What's this dream-guy-with-green-eyes business? Do I have to point out that the few guys you went on dates with had green eyes? Are you sure it's a man? Could it be a woman? What if it's a man but he's married? You only saw a pair of eyes, right? Write to me more about this losing time thing. Please go see Dad. He'll get you an appointment with a neurologist. Take care of yourself. Your worried cousin, Alice From: Bella M. Swan To: M. Alice Brandon Date: Sunday, September 13, 2015 at 6:43 PM Subject: I loved it. To the best cousin in the whole world, I love the underwater photography session you arranged for me but keeping it for later so we can go together since it has a six month expiration date. I'm going out for dinner with your parents, and Jazz will be here to pick me up in a minute. We're going clubbing, and I'm trying to rope Aunt Cynthia. We have a plan (Uncle George and me). If all works, I'll send you pictures. Wish me luck. Oh, Jazz is here and trying to break the door. Write to you soon. Take care! Your cousin, Bella (I love you, and thank you for the awesome gift, and don't worry. I'm safe.) From: M. Alice Brandon To: Bella M. Swan Date: Sunday, October 4, 2015 at 12:30 PM Subject: New hobbies. Dear Bell, A little bird told me you are being a bit grumpy and scatterbrained these days. Did you make an appointment with a neurologist? What's going on with you? I have top secret info on how you're dragging your butt to the park these days. You know I don't like you wandering there alone. It might be safe, but who knows what lurks in lone places? Stick to the crowds, okay? I expect a lengthy e-mail. It's been three weeks since I got the last one. Please take care of yourself. Your silence is worrying me. Write me now! Your cousin, Alice From: Bella M. Swan To: M. Alice Brandon Date: Saturday, November 7, 2015 at 11:00 AM Subject: Should I rent a billboard? My Dear Alice, Stop worrying. I'm fine. Sorry for taking so long to write. I'm feeling the blues. I thought I'd stop feeding your nosy bird. It'll teach him to not be a tattletale, right? Seriously Ali, is it necessary for me to have a babysitter? Jazz is annoying me. Yesterday, we went out after a shoot, and I found him lurking outside the bathroom. What's next? Will you please call off the one-man cavalry? His snivelling is grating on my nerves too. I didn't ask him to wake up at the crack of dawn to go for a run, did I? Sorry for being grumpy. Blame it on lack of sleep and the man with the bottle-green eyes that haunt my dreams. They are haunting me, pleading with me to stay awake the second I'm drifting off. Fifty-six days since I lost my heart to a pair of green eyes. I'm desperate enough to rent a billboard and advertise with the only photo I have of them. I can offer a reward too, for a name and an address. I'm running out of fuel, Alice, and I have a wedding to photograph tomorrow. I'm off to bed early, let's hope for a good night sleep. Your sleep-deprived cousin, Bella From: M. Alice Brandon To: Bella M. Swan Date: Sunday, November 8, 2015 at 1:00 PM Subject: I'm calling the national guard now. Bella, I'm going to e-mail Dad, or better yet, Mom. I'm worried about you. Please go talk to Dad. Your extremely worried cousin, Alice From: Bella M. Swan To: M. Alice Brandon Date: Friday, November 27, 2015 at 1:17 AM Subject: Call off your boyfriend. Alice, Happy Thanksgiving! We missed you on turkey day with your boneless chicken dish. Uncle George and I had apple pie with vanilla ice cream while we hid in Uncle George's study. Can you get Jasper out of my hair? I have an appointment in a week with a Dr. Cullen since Dr. Banner is retired. Uncle George told me he's the new department head at NY-Presbyterian and one of the best in the field. I hope it's enough to look forward to peaceful days without your boyfriend breathing down my neck. Hope to hear from you soon! Your favourite cousin, Bella From: M. Alice Brandon To: Bella M. Swan Date: Sunday, November 29, 2015 at 12:23 PM Subject: Happy Thanksgiving to you too! Hello, Baby Bell. I miss you guys. After watching the hardships people go through here, I'm thankful for my parents, my education, opportunities I took for granted. Have I told you how happy I