Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: Steady On Summary: The first day I saw her on the bus, was the day I lost my heart. Today, I planned on letting her know she was the one who had captured it. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 6,906 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. It was a usual Monday. The bus was still fairly empty since I lived at the start of the line. I sat on one of the long benches, using the empty aisle to stretch out my awkwardly long legs. As the bus filled, I'd have to draw them up, but it was painful to try and sit in one of the cramped two-seaters the entire ride, so this was my favorite place. She got on two stops after mine. I glanced up from my iPod as she went by, and that was that. She was short—very short—with pleasingly full curves. She was a vision, and I enjoyed the view. Long, dark hair hung down her back, the curls bouncing as she walked past. She sat down on the seat right by the back door, sliding in and pressing herself flat to the wall. She glanced up once, a quick peek around, then her gaze fell to her lap. I couldn't stop staring in her direction. Her skin was pale, her cheeks round, diffused a dusty rose color. Her mouth was full and pink, and I had the urge to kiss it. Hard. Yank her tight to me and see if her soft curves molded to me the way I thought they would. She slipped a Kindle from her purse and opened it. Within seconds, she was absorbed by the words in front of her. She was a fast reader, judging from the speed her finger tapped the screen. Her teeth were embedded in her bottom lip in concentration, while her face changed expressions as she read. I wanted to get up and sit behind her, peer over her shoulder and see what she was reading. The bus filled, and it became harder to see. As often as I could, I glanced in her direction, silently willing her to look up—but she never did. My stop approached and I crossed to her side, leaning over, reaching for the bell. "Excuse me," I murmured. I was finally rewarded when her eyes lifted to mine, startled from the book world she was lost in. Deep, timid pools of brown met my green, widening at my frank stare. I was close enough I could see the flecks of gold, like sunshine around her pupils. I wanted to drown in those pools of warmth, and I leaned closer. Immediately, color flooded her pale cheeks, making her skin glow. The teeth in her lip bit down farther, so hard I was sure she was going to draw blood. Then, to my disappointment, she dropped her gaze. "Sure," she whispered, so low I could barely hear her. The door opened, and I had no choice except to exit. I stood, staring at the departing bus, my thoughts so full of her I didn't notice the rancid exhaust fumes swirling around me. Her warm eyes, rounded figure, and sweet face lingered. Her timid gaze intrigued me. She intrigued me. As the bus pulled around the corner, I shook my head at my strange thoughts and went to work. She was on my bus ride home, already in her seat reading, when I got on. I swung myself into my usual spot which was surprisingly still empty—there were a lot of nights I stood most of the way home. I ran a hand through my hair, no doubt making it even messier than normal, then adjusted the volume on my phone, studying my playlists, all while glancing up at her covertly. But her gaze never shifted from her lap the entire ride. She disembarked, and I had to force myself to stay in my seat. The urge to follow her was strong, but also foolish. I didn't know her, or anything about her. There was no ring on her finger—in fact she wore no jewelry on her hands, so it could mean nothing. I glimpsed the glint of something on her wrist, but I couldn't see her ears with the heavy veil of hair. I wondered if she liked jewelry. I glanced down at the heavy Celtic ring on my finger and leather cuff on my wrist. They were my two standard pieces. My parents had also given me a nice watch a few years ago, but I was more of a check-my-phone-for-the-time kind of guy. I had so many questions when it came to my mystery girl. I didn't know her, but I wanted to. It was the same all week. Every morning I would wait for her to board the bus. Every day she walked past, her eyes down, never seeing me. Twice, I changed seats, sitting on the bench behind her, hoping she would look up as she slid in and meet my gaze. But she never did. I did peek over her shoulder, yet I wasn't able to figure out what she was reading. The close proximity did allow me to breathe in her scent, though. It was intoxicating—warm, subtle, and slightly sweet, like a waft of summer blooms on a hot day as you strolled past a huge garden. I wanted to bury my face into her neck and lose myself in her fragrance. Watching her, I figured out a few things. She liked skirts, and her scarf changed almost daily. She had three coats I had seen so far, and she wore whichever one suited the temperature that day. My favorite was her red coat. I liked how it swirled around her as she walked, and the color looked pretty on her. She used minimal make-up, and she had five sexy little freckles in a circle behind her left ear, which I wanted to kiss. I discovered she had pierced ears and always had on the same tear-dropped shaped earrings. She usually left her hair down, but a couple days it was swept up into a thick braid or a bun away from her face. I liked it every way she wore it. The evenings when I didn't get my seat, I made sure to sit or stand where I could see her. More than once I saw her stand and give her seat to another person, always with a sweet smile and a murmured word. She was so petite, she couldn't reach the bar above her head, hugging the silver pole so tight, her knuckles were white. She also struggled to maintain her balance as the bus lurched and swayed. On Thursday night, the bus was crammed, and I shoved and pushed my way through until I was behind her. Her only support was the small bar on the seat back, and every time the bus lurched, so did she. I kept my hand around the overhead pole, half leaning over her. Staring down at my phone screen, I was in the perfect position to gaze down at her lowered head. I could smell her floral scent and feel the warmth of her body in front of me. My cock stirred in my pants, both of us wanting her closer. At one point the driver took the corner too hard and she grappled to stay upright. Without a thought, I wrapped my arm around her waist, pulling her back into my body to keep her from falling. "Steady on," I murmured. "I've got you." For a moment, neither of us moved. She fit nice and tight to my chest, her head right under my chin. I could feel the softness of her pressed into my hard body, and my pants became more restricted. Her chest heaved, her whole body tensed. I wasn't sure if it was the scare of almost falling or being held by a stranger that was causing her reaction. With regret, I gently released her, bending low to her ear. "All right, now?" "Thank you," she breathed, but she didn't turn around. Her reflection in the glass showed me the color on her cheeks and our eyes met. A tiny smile played on her full mouth, and I grinned. She dropped her eyes and got off at the next stop. My chest felt cold without her in front of me. Friday night, the bus was emptier than usual, and I got my normal spot. A lot of the people who rode the bus stayed downtown for a night of socializing. She was in her seat, but her Kindle wasn't in her hand. Instead, she stared out the window, looking tired and the half-smile she often wore, absent. The dim light of the February twilight was the perfect backdrop—her face was reflected flawlessly in the glass, and I studied it openly. She looked more than tired—she looked sad. What, I wondered , had made her feel that way? Something at work? Did she have a disagreement with a friend? With her boyfriend? Did he cancel their weekend plans? As I was thinking, it happened. Her gaze moved, meeting mine in the glass. For the briefest moment, our eyes locked. Like a mirror, we both moved our heads and stared at one another across the aisle. Slowly, my lips curled at the corners, and the most beautiful smile I had ever seen was sent my way. Her full mouth teased, her eyes lit with a glow that warmed my chest. Pink tinged her cheeks, flowing right to her ears, which were exposed tonight. Her glance was shy and sweet. I wanted to drown in it—and her. Then, as quickly as it happened, she broke our connection, dropping her eyes down to her clasped hands. I thought about her all weekend. Monday, I found out her name. When she got on the bus, she was followed closely by another woman, who I assumed was a co-worker. She sat beside my beautiful stranger, talking constantly. "I can't believe you live in the same building as my boyfriend! How great we get to ride to work, Bella!" Bella. Beautiful. How perfect. Her co-worker kept talking, her voice loud enough everyone on the bus heard about her wild weekend. Bella's face went from slightly shocked to totally embarrassed at the frankness of her companion's description. Her dark eyes were wide, her cheeks a dull red. She leaned over, and for the first time I heard her voice fully. "Jessica, either lower your voice or change the subject. Both would be preferable!" I had to bite back my laugh at her obvious displeasure hearing about Jessica's boyfriend's prowess in bed…and many other surfaces in his apartment. Jessica frowned at her. "Really, Bella, don't be a prude. You need to get a boyfriend. Loosen up a little. I can hook you up with one of his friends." I tensed, but Bella shook her head and dug in her purse for her beloved Kindle. "Not interested." Catching her gaze, I subtly sent a wink her way. Her already flushed cheeks darkened further, but I caught the slight roll of her eyes and saw her lips twitch as she flipped open the reader's cover. The thought of her annoyance kept me chuckling all day. The fact there was no boyfriend buoyed my spirits. Tuesday, I was granted one of her shy smiles when I got off the bus. Her eyes lifted from her book, her full lips twitched, and our gazes met for that brief instance before hers fell to her book again. Seeing that smile made me long for the day it was directed at me all the time. Wednesday, I crossed the aisle to the exit. Leaning over her, I pulled the bell, but instead of standing back up, I stayed stooped over. My gaze locked on her, ignoring the fact