Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: Take Your Time Summary: Bella's date goes horribly wrong...or horribly right depending on the storyteller. Edward refused to miss another chance after the first was snatched away years ago. He decides to take destiny into his own hands. Date or not, he would take her, and he'd do so without remorse. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 4,432 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition. ― Alexander Smith Long-sleeved, cowl-back lace dress? Check. Sexy peep-toe, butterfly-cutout pumps? Check. Matching accessories? Check. With that knockout ensemble, Bella is fitting back into the dating world just swimmingly. Well, at least it's what she tells herself as she opens the door of the restaurant where she's meeting her blind date. As she does so, Bella immediately scans the room for him. Tall, dark, and handsome. That's the only information Renee, her mother, could give her. Bella rolls her eyes exasperatedly, as it dawns on her that her mom had given her a rather vague profile. Ultimately, the rest is up to her to figure out. Then, she remembers her mother said the guy had a killer smile and dirty-blond hair. Bella takes a calming breath, thinking that should narrow it down a bit. So, she puts her observation to the test, and looks around the room. Although, she's filled with disappointment when no guy fits that particular profile. Suddenly, like magnets, her eyes snap to a very-slanted pair of green eyes. She wonders if they were the same set of eyes she felt watching her from the moment she walked in. She bites down on her lower lip. If her ovaries could shout, they'd tell her it had been entirely too long since she's engaged in anything remotely close to sex. Her entire body becomes ablaze beneath his gaze, and in that moment all shyness dissipates from her realm. She decides to be someone else for the sake of her ovaries—for the sake of her sanity. This guy is hot, and he has considerably made her forget all about her blind date. She takes a step forward, her eyes still locked on the hottie across the room. He's still watching her, waiting for her to approach as other women had. Tonight, he's turned down the company of quite a few women in his close vicinity. Now, he knows why; luck has always been on his side. He is a kindhearted man with an altruistic way of thinking. If it's in the best interest of another, he does it. This has caused him to have great karma, leading to very fortunate happenings. He knew in his gut something good was going to happen tonight, and he was right. He was supposed to meet her. Fate has led him to this beautiful woman, and he has to have her. Just as he stands, she takes a step in his direction, their eyes locked in a fierce hold from across the room. Only space and opportunity are holding them apart from destiny. The room could go up in flames at that moment and neither of them would notice. They are drawn to each other by a magnetic pull, as if their hearts already know one another. Kindred spirits waiting to meet up at this exact moment. Except that moment is snatched from their grasp when a hand gathers hers, pulling away her attention from him. Edward watches as James lifts it to his lips, kissing it in a sweeping motion. His eyes lift to hers, as he says, "Isabella." "Please." She glances back at the bar, noticing the man with whom she shares an overwhelming attraction has disappeared from her eyesight. She slumps her shoulders in disappointment, and the feeling of loss is hard to shake. Bar-guy is nowhere to be found. She turns her attention back to the man whom she is supposed to have a date with, smiling with every bit of confidence she can muster. It's why she went to the restaurant tonight. To meet James, and get out of her comfort zone, so she can kickstart her casual dating tendencies. She wasn't supposed to meet Prince Charming at the bar. The last thing she was looking for was a broken heart. She was to avoid anything beyond safe until she was fully-equipped to handle the situation. Giving up was not an option this time around. She would not hold out for two years ever again. "Call me Bella." She offers him a dazzling smile which he returns pleasantly. Her mom was right; the guy has an amazing smile—one she can't help staring at. Bella briefly wonders what the man at bar looks like with a smile plastered across his face. She blinks, having missed James's question, and silently curses herself. "I'm sorry. What?" "I said you look nice." Nice? I ...look...nice? Bella thinks, as she freezes and simply gawks at James, wondering if maybe he's joking. She is in no way fishing for compliments, but she put effort into her attire, so appreciation is expected. "You too," she manages after a while. James fixes his tie, and grins at her. "Come. Our table is just this way. I've been here quite a while waiting for my beautiful date to arrive." Yes! There's the compliment and assurance Bella needed. She hasn't lost her ability to attract a guy. Still, she can't help that her mind flicked back to thoughts of the guy at the bar. She wonders how he thinks she looks tonight. Bella mentally chastises herself, and attempts to focus on her current date. There's no need to focus on the other guy; he's gone, and she's convinced herself t she would probably never see him thought flees her mind the second she sits at the table across from James and the guy at the bar pulls up a chair right at their table. "Edward." James holds out a hand in the man's direction, smiling like they are old friends. James continues to talk, but Bella is mesmerized by Edward. His presence is powerful, his pull is magnetic, and his eyes are deep pools of endless green. She is seriously in danger of drowning in their depths. Edward doesn't even pay James much thought as he leans over to whisper to Bella. "Are you ready?" he asks, then leans back to gauge her reaction. His eyebrows set low on his face, as he intensely locks gazes with Bella. "This is Bella. My date," James says, trying to join the secret conversation going on between Bella and Edward, but he fails. Seconds later, Edward's hand reaches underneath the table for hers. He tugs it, but she tugs it back, unrelenting. This is so obviously rude and inappropriate. Bella slightly shakes her head, which seems to upset Edward. He is not a very patient man—not when it comes to something that he wants. "You two know each other?" James asks, and this time, Bella hears him. "No," she quickly replies, tugging her hand away from Edward's. Edward huffs and leans back again in his chair, still staring at her. She can't seem to fathom why a stranger would have such a reaction to her rejection. "Oh, well, I think it's inappropriate for you to join our date, Edward," James says, prompting Edward to finally acknowledge him. "That's funny," Edward says. "I was thinking the same about you." It takes a moment, but things slowly begin to click in James's mind. He throws his head back, laughing boastfully as the absurdity of Edward's statement fills the air between the three of them. Bella stares in horror. Why the Hell is that funny? "You're going to try to steal my date?" James tilts his head to the side. "Like I'll let that happen." Edward decidedly does not like James's attitude, so he stands, and as he does so, his chair scrapes against the floor. He glares down at James, attracting the attention of every patron in the restaurant. Embarrassment fills Bella's body, but she attempts to hide it, putting on her confident face. She reaches up and tugs Edward's arm. Earnestly, his head snaps in her direction, and she watches as his hard eyes soften when they lock on her face. "You can join us," she tells him, needing to diffuse the situation. He smiles, and leans down to kiss her cheek. She bites back her embarrassment, and downright refuses to blush, but it doesn't help. She feels her body temperature rise, as well as the need to fan herself. Just the feel of his lips on her cheek was overwhelming. She smiles up at him, and then her eyes flash to James, who's watching them closely with narrowed eyes. " What the fuck is going on ?" James asks in a squeaky voice, taking away from the edginess of his very manly persona. Neither Bella or Edward answer James for two very different reasons. "Are you even allowed to place a chair there? You're in the aisle." Edward takes a seat, and reaches for Bella's hand underneath the table again. This time, she doesn't pull away, but she does plaster on a fake smile, shooting Edward a blatant "what the fuck" look. "Of course I can sit here, James. I own the place," he says, his eyes never leaving Bella as he speaks. She finds herself captured in his gaze once again, knowing how rude and unfair this is to James. However, she cannot help it. "This is incredibly rude," she whispers to Edward, too embarrassed to actually glance in James's direction. "I'm not a rude person." "Neither am I," Edward counters, squeezing her hand beneath the table. "But I don't know how else to be right now. I don't know how else to get to you. If I had stayed in my corner and watched you, I could possibly have missed my chance." She giggles a little, nervously chancing a glance at a fuming James. "There was still a chance we could meet at a more appropriate time." "And leave our meeting to chance?" he questions in skepticism with a raised brow. "Why risk it?" "I try not to do that. Leave things to chance, I mean, but—" She glances at James, and clears her throat. Edward takes her chin in his hand, focusing her eyes and attention back on him. "Sometimes you have to make your own destiny." He taps her chin with his thumb, and watches her lick her lips. "That's enough," James says as he stands. Then, he walks around the table to Bella's side. He stares down at her, frowning at the unexpected turn of the night. "Are you coming?" James's voice is once again a bit squeaky, and he makes no attempt to hide his displeasure. Bella glances at Edward who sits back and grasps her hand tighter with no intention of letting her go with James. "I..." she begins. Bella glances at Edward, then back at James, and she gulps. It would be rude to stay there while her date leaves. What would he tell her mother? "Okay," she replies, pushing back from the table slightly. Edward tugs her hand from beneath the table, and her eyes flick to his. "What are you doing?" "What are you doing?" Edward flips his question on her, sitting up in his seat. "We're deciding our own destiny, remember? Did others' expectations flick through your mind just now? Or is this honestly your decision?" "Edward, don't play your silly mind tricks on the poor girl," James says, which decidedly rubs Bella the wrong way. Something about the way he speaks reminds her of her ex, and she realizes how right Edward is. She was once again going to let others' expectations rule her existence. That's not what tonight was about. It was about her being someone else than rather