Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: A Fresh Start (Five Acts) Summary: Crashing at your parents' can make dating quite a complicated matter. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 3,233 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Situation There are certain advantages to moving back in with my parents after my near catastrophic attempts at independence following college. No rent would be one of them. However, there are also some disadvantages to consider. My mother's attempts at cooking, for one. The lack of privacy, for another. And the lack of job opportunities in the general area of my hometown. I was willing to accept these disadvantages, at least for a while. They were easier to work with, anyway, as a single woman. The situation, as it was at the start of this tale, allowed me to get my sense of self back before venturing out on my own again. Shortly after moving back in with my parents I met an old friend for drinks. During that evening, I also ran into two more people from high school, although we never hung out back then. Who knew that geeky Edward Cullen would turn into a damn fine specimen of a man? That night, I stumbled through the front door and up the stairs, still a little dazed and a lot intoxicated. In the morning, my mother worriedly asked whether I had driven myself in such a state. After reassuring her that I had gotten a ride, she eagerly inquired about Edward, while I tried to pass off my blush as a symptom of my hangover. Thankfully, she eventually recognized that I didn't want to talk about it and gently patted my hand. "All right, sweetie. I trust you to be careful. And when something does develop, I hope to officially meet him." Rising Action We spent the remainder of the week texting back and forth. I learned we shared a similar taste in movies and music but had different favorites within our preferred genres. We were both only children, but where I had been sheltered by being a cop's daughter, Edward had mostly kept to himself out of shyness. It was a bit difficult to make plans to hang out because of his daily commute. He had been living with his girlfriend in Port Angeles, where he also worked. After the break-up, he found out she had forged his signature to sign the lease to her name. Not wanting to drag things out by taking her to court, he packed up his things and moved back in with his parents. This meant an hour-long drive early in the morning and again during rush hour. Of course, I could have offered to meet him for lunch in Port Angeles, but it seemed a bit early to do something like that. He compensated for the lack of face time by flirting heavily via text. It took us two weeks to find a weekend without prior obligations on either side. At that point, it had become obvious that this would be more than casually hanging out as friends. o.O.o When Edward came to pick me up, my father made it a point to be seen cleaning his gun. That, combined with my mother's exuberant greeting at the door, made me rush to pull on my jacket and head out the door. "Sorry about that," I muttered. "I was expecting Chief Swan and his gun at some point," he admitted, "but what's up with your mom?" I groaned. "She figured out who you were from Mrs. Cope. Which got her all excited for some reason." At his questioning look, I elaborated, "Apparently, you're a catch." I didn't miss the smug grin on his face as he opened the passenger side door for me. When he got in the car as well, I added, "She also feels bad for you for what your ex did." That was enough to tone down his smile. "So she's excited for you, but she pities me?" he asked, the hurt obvious in his voice. I immediately felt bad. This was our first date, and here I was, ruining it before we had even left. "I'm sorry," I said, laying my hand on his arm. "I didn't mean to bring her up." He closed his eyes for a moment, then smiled at me and took my hand in his. "Don't worry about it. It was bound to come up at some point." Relieved, I squeezed his hand. His smile broadened. "Now, let's get going, shall we?" We ended up going to dinner at a small Italian restaurant in Port Angeles. Any unease I may have still felt about possibly running into his ex was erased when he said he had always wanted to go there but never got the chance. Based on previous comments, the quaint little restaurant with its checkered tablecloths and mismatched candlesticks was probably not flashy enough for her. I smiled to myself at that thought. "Good, then it'll be a first for both of us." The food was delicious, and conversation flowed easily. I was amazed at how comfortable I felt in his presence, considering we had known each other only a few short weeks. We ordered crème brûlée and tiramisu to share for dessert. Having him feed me bites and seeing his lips wrap around my dessert spoon caused the atmosphere to shift most noticeably. The air seemed to crackle with anticipation. We managed to control ourselves on the drive back to Forks, limiting ourselves to holding hands. I was acutely aware of his thumb rubbing circles on the back of my hand the entire way, though. Edward walked me to the front door. I was glad that part of the porch was not visible from the living room window. When we reached the front door, a sudden shyness came over me. "So," I started softly, "I had fun tonight." "Me too," he murmured. Then he tugged our clasped hands to pull me close and slipped his free hand around my waist. My hands automatically came to rest on his chest, playing with the lapels of his jacket. He dipped his head down and captured my lips in the softest of kisses. o.O.o After that first date, things developed at a steady pace. We generally had dates on the weekends, and during the week, I would occasionally make the drive to Port Angeles to meet him on his lunch break. When he picked me up for our second date, I officially introduced him to my parents. I had warned my mother beforehand not to bring up the past, as it would be embarrassing for us all, and thankfully she listened. My father was more interested in Edward's job and plans for the future. I was glad he'd decided that scaring him with a gun once was more than enough. Two weeks later, Edward's parents invited me over for dinner. Although I was extremely nervous, it was clear that they did their best to make me feel at ease. In the meantime, I kept looking at job openings in the area, but the prospects were rather discouraging. For most available jobs, I was either too old or overqualified. It would be better to expand my search to one of the larger cities, but I was hesitant to start doing so right away, as I was just getting settled into my new routine. Also, despite past experiences, I was loathe to make a decision that would take me away from Edward so soon. Climax As things progressed, we were confronted even more with our current situations. Both of us being under our parents' roofs proved difficult regarding privacy and boundaries. Not only was my mother eager to supply with me 'helpful' tips and advice, I also found myself sneaking around to make out with Edward. On the other hand, I didn't want to resort to the juvenile clichés I had overheard during high school. The only thing more embarrassing than being walked in on by your parents would be being caught by a cop who reported to your father. Aside from logistical issues holding us back, we also wanted to get some more intimate and possibly embarrassing things out of the way. I had always been safe in previous relationships and flings, and I trusted Edward to have behaved in a similar way. However, I did not trust my last so-called boyfriend. It may have had something to do with catching him with his tongue down the throat of a scantily clad redheaded viper. I was glad that Edward agreed with me to take things slow until we both had gotten our test results back. It wasn't easy restraining ourselves, because I was insanely attracted to him. His heavy breathing, dilated pupils, and the prominent bulge in his pants told me he felt much the same way. On several occasions, we were only barely able to stop before things got out of hand. o.O.o The proverbial straw was a Sunday afternoon when we were supposed to have the house to ourselves. Edward's father was working at the hospital, and his mother was meeting some friends for lunch, which was sure to last well past cocktail hour. When the coast was clear, Edward texted me, and I walked the few blocks over. He greeted me at the door with a searing kiss and all but dragged me up the stairs to his room. Once there, he pushed me back against the door, holding my hands above my head and dragging his nose down my neck, inhaling deeply. "Damn, I've missed you," he groaned. "You just saw me last night," I replied breathlessly. "Well, I couldn't kiss you like this last night," he countered before capturing my lips in another kiss. "People would've taken offense to me attacking you in the street." I couldn't argue with that. Instead, I gave myself over to him and his magical lips. His free hand, which had been cupping my face, trailed down my torso to the hem of my shirt. My eyes closed of their own volition at the sensations. His warm fingers on my body, his slight stubble scratching the skin of my collarbones as he sucked lightly on my neck. His other hand joined in and pushed my shirt up. His lips disconnected from my skin only long enough to pull the garment over my head and drop it to the floor. I took advantage of my newly freed hands to run them through his hair, then down his body as well. His heart was pounding in his muscular chest as my fingers played with his chest hair. His abs flexed as I traced them, and a groan sounded deep in his throat. The next thing I knew, he'd picked me up and carried me over to his bed. Rather than toss me down onto it, he sank down himself. The move caused me to straddle his lap, creating some much needed friction for both of us. I moaned at the feeling and moved my hips against his. One of his hands guided my hips on his lap, while the other was splayed on my back, pressing me close to him. My hands found their way to his hair, tugging slightly to elicit a most arousing sound from him. He fumbled a bit before unclasping my bra and tossing it aside. His lips closed around my right nipple as his fingers teased the left. I threw my head back. The feeling was sublime. Leaning back, I tried to release his belt. It was then I heard the front door shut. "Edward, are you home?" his mother called from downstairs. We both froze in our embrace. "Shit, she's home early," Edward whispered before calling out that he was in his room. "Karen called in sick, and then Gail had to leave because Jessica was going into labor," she explained