Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: She Will Be Loved Summary: He is the stranger who becomes her unexpected savior. She is someone he has only fantasized about from afar. Is there a chance for love to blossom in her broken and his jaded heart? Pairing: Bella and Edward Rating: M Word count: 5, 801 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I wish I could fuck her. No, not fuck. Maybe make love to her? But I don't know how to make love. Fucking is the only thing I've ever done. Sometimes I wonder what the difference between fucking and making love is. Women say it has a lot to do with feelings. As if fucking doesn't involve feelings. Let me tell you, fucking someone involves as many feelings as making love implies. Fucking is gritty, earthy, and passionate, a way of expressing your admiration for the magnificence of your partner's pussy. It's a way to pay homage to the heat that grips your cock, to the silken fit that wrings you like a velvet-gloved fist, to the release that brings you a step closer to the heaven you've only heard about. I don't know about other people, but that's what fucking entails for me. But when I see her, I don't just want to fuck her. I want to consume her, ravish her, plunge so deep in her that my every thrust brings me closer to who she is. I want to sneak into her thoughts, into her dreams, into her very soul. Is this obsession? If it is, I don't care. If she were someone else, I would already know every breath she took to moan my name, every spasm of her cunt that brought me closer to that heavenly release. But she is someone who is even far beyond who and what Edward Cullen is. Edward Cullen? Well, that's me. Spoiled rich brat extraordinaire. My dad did only one good thing in his life apart from begetting me, and that was creating this multi-billion-dollar empire just for me. Well, it's a very far shot saying that Daddy dearest did it for me, but it will eventually fall into my lap, won't it? Here in the privacy of my room, from where I can see Seattle's skyline, life seems so mundane and monotonous. The blonde in my bed is still sleeping, giving me time for this self-evaluation. Pity her hair isn't brunette, her skin isn't alabaster, and her eyes aren't warm brown. She stirs, this blonde Amazon with a foreign accent and limber body. Her hands snake around my torso from behind, and she presses her naked breasts to my back. Her hands slowly descend from my chest to my abdomen while she peppers my back with small open-mouthed bites. Her hands don't stop there; they make their way to my cock, where she lightly caresses my growing arousal. "Von't you play, Edvard?" I can hear the pout in her voice. Tanya Denali is a world-renowned socialite, too adept at using her daddy's hard earned money just like me, and she is on my menu for this week. I turn to find her golden body spread wide for my benefit, hands beckoning me forward to play. Am I in a mood to play? Yes but not quietly. I hitch her legs over my shoulders, and she moans as if I've buried my face in her cunt. A little overboard, don't you think? My hands are whisper soft on her thighs, my face impassive at the onslaught of her so-called passion. I lean in to smell her, my nose barely touching her pussy lips. I find her bare and wanting. Do I want to eat her out? Nope. I crawl over her. She has that come-hither look in her eyes. Reaching my hand down to wreak havoc on her pussy, I wrap my lips around one nipple. I push one finger inside her to find her wet and ready. I really am in a need of instant gratification. "Give eet to me, Edvard," she moans. I flip her on the bed. She lifts her ass in the air. Oh, she wants it bad. Mounting her from behind, I push inside her hot cunt. God, she swallows me like a popsicle. I set a punishing pace, pounding into her while nibbling on her jugular. My hands are busy in shaping her body, leaving whispered caresses and tickling touches on her erogenous zones. Her walls tighten around me, strangling my dick. God, it feels great. In a moment, she comes with a loud porn-star-worthy shout. I follow her in the land of orgasmic bliss as her cunt milks every drop of semen from my cock. This is fucking at its finest. This is Nirvana. Dad makes a point to drag me into these über boring parties that specialize in catering boredom for the rich and influential. It's all about the recent deals, designer gowns, pricey jewelry, and the free champagne. I could have been dancing with some hot babe in some club if not for my father. He thinks I'm irresponsible. I work too hard to maintain his belief. I smile for a few cougars. Their eyes are trained on my crotch. I feel so violated, but I guess it comes with the territory of being born good-looking. Sorry, ladies. I don't go for the flavor you're offering. My dad's casual 'Edward' steers me toward where Carlisle Cullen stands with his business associates, sipping overpriced champagne. One, in particular, catches my eye. Jacob Black. He is a douchebag. He might have been a hunk once, but now all he looks like is a faded frat boy has-been. His shirt is strained over his bulging stomach, his face is a failed surface of plastic surgery experiments, and his beefy arm is wrapped like a python around her: the woman who has the warmest brown eyes I've ever seen, the woman who's capable of making me a stuttering idiot with a simple smile, the woman who is my unattainable obsession. Isabella Swan Black. I don't know what this beauty saw in the fifty-year-old beast that made her want to marry him. She is so innocent, like an angel of heaven, whereas I wouldn't even insult serpents by calling her husband one. Her eyes are always downcast in the presence of others. All she does is smile. Not a word crosses her lips at events like these. I have never heard her voice. Jacob is leering at a passing blonde, who looks to have more silicon in her body than Silicon Valley. Who would have eyes for someone else after they have seen a beauty like Isabella? I agree with my father on whatever business jargon he's speaking while my eyes sneak covert glances. After a moment, when Jacob realizes that my dad isn't paying him the attention he deserves, he steers Isabella in the opposite direction. She never even for once leaves his side. Why doesn't she leave him? An hour later, I find myself on the terrace, craving the fresh air. I am a creature of all bad habits and questionable morals, but even I can't abide these parties. The people who come to these things to rub elbows with the rich wear a lot of layers of who they aren't. They pretend, they lie, and they hide. Except for her. Her face is an open book. She is innocence in the flesh, goodness in heart, and kindness in deeds. My attention wanders to a couple in the dark alcove just beyond the reach of soft lights in this open place. If they were your usual 'I want a moment with my partner' kind of couples, I wouldn't have paid them any heed. Except they are quarreling, and the voice that reaches my ears is that of Jacob Black. "I told you to flash a smile or two and charm that bastard, Cullen Sr. It would be a lot easier for me if you seduced that motherfucker," he snarls. I should leave it alone; I should get out of here. But she whimpers, and my feet follow the sound of their own violation. "Jacob, please," she begs. I wonder how many times she has uttered the same words while this bastard hurt her. "Please, what, you bitch? Your money is not going to last forever. Do you want me to run to Daddy dearest again?" He's fucking gloating. What hold has he over her? "No." The panic in her voice is palpable. "Then get to work. Spread those thighs; work that cunt for me," he says. And I lose it. Before I realize it, I've punched him and hoisted him up by his collar. His face is turning red. Good. It will be more fun to thrash this bastard while he seethes. "What the fuck, Cullen?" he growls. I don't know how I've stopped myself from beating this sorry, no good, pathetic worm to a pulp. "Leave him. Please leave him," she pleads softly. Why is she begging for this fucktard? Why isn't she happy that I've come like a white knight to her rescue? Doesn't she want to be rescued? Jacob Black smirks as if he's got everything planned out. How he underestimates me. I am not my father. I have never been the man my father is, and I'm glad for that fact in this moment. My dad would have walked away. He would have deemed this Black's personal matter. He would've ignored the fear shining in Bella's eyes, the inherent relief on her face when I pulled her husband away from her. I can't walk away. I drag him away from Bella to the far side of the terrace, gripping his neck, only to shove half his body over the fancy iron railing. It would be a spectacular fall down the eight stories. "What are you doing? Please leave my husband alone." Bella is crying. I want to turn toward her and say, "Oh Bella! Don't you see? I'm doing this for you. He hurt you; he made you cry. How can I leave him be, after the way he treated you?" But I don't. Jacob Black's words are ringing in my head. This man would sell her when the time came. How can she still care for this monster? "Stay away from her." My voice is genial, and yet I'm feeling anything but amiable. "She is my wife." A girly scream leaves his throat. "Leave her, or I drop you, Black." I don't know what has come over me. I'm acting like a damn caveman. "Who are you? You have no right to talk to my husband like that." Her voice is laced with determination. I turn toward her, and a tear-stained but stubborn face greets me. She may pretend to be outraged on this dog's behalf, but I see the relief in the distant corners of her eyes. Why does she stay with him? "My arms are tiring, Black," I say as I loosen my hold on him a bit. He shrieks. Figured he would be one of those high-pitched kinda guys. "I will leave her," he hurries, his tongue tripping over the words. I pull him up after a moment. He rubs his neck, where marks from my fingers mar his dark skin. Oh, the satisfaction I get when he flinches. It's enormous. She moves toward him to soothe his hurt ego. He pushes her away. "Stay away from me, you bitch. Spread your thighs for Cullen Junior, did you?" He better keep the lid on his filthy trap, or else even God doesn't know what I'm going to do to him. She shakes her head. "Jacob, I don't know this man." Her voice quivers. It hurts. It fucking hurts when the woman for whom you would walk to the gates of hell says she doesn't know you from Adam. I plan to