Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: Valentine's Miracle Summary: Edward meets the love of his life, but a tragedy threatens to take her away on New Year's Eve. Will he get a Valentine's miracle, or will he have to learn how to move on without her? Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 6,281 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "The car hit her head on," the doctor says, sounding detached in a monotone voice. "Her body has suffered a lot of damage. We have managed to stabilize her, but these next hours are going to be crucial." He stops talking, as if he needs to think about what his next words should be. My eyes move from him and go back to my girl. I call her Topsy, and she's lying there broken on the hospital bed. I can still see her small body being hit and her scared eyes looking up at me as I held her in my arms, waiting for help to come. "We believe it may be best for you to call her family—anyone who may want the chance to say goodbye." Covering my ears, I close my eyes. Those last words he spoke must be a lie. I can't lose this girl, not now that she is mine. She's my light, my sun in the sky. The doctor walks out of the room, and I move to Bella's bed, clasping her hand in mine. It feels as if I've known her all my life, but it was a mere four months ago that we met. When she walked into my life, she made my world tilt on its axis, and I know she would say the same about me. Four months previously … "Edward!" my little sister, Sasha, yells as she runs into my arms. "It's about time you got here," I say, hugging her. "What took you so long?" I ask as I pull back. Sasha looks over her shoulder, and there I see the reason: our mother. She's already sobbing in my father's arms. "Jesus, Mom. You did this four years ago when I left for college. One would think you'd know the drill by now." My mom stops her sobbing long enough to glare at me. "You're my little man, but she is my baby girl." Snorting at her statement earns me another glare. Little man? I am twenty-one and stand six foot three. Due to playing basketball and working out, my body is toned and muscular, and she's still calling me her little man . My sister, her baby girl , is eighteen. Sasha isn't as tall as me, but at five foot ten, she's tall for a female. The one thing my mom and sister have in common is a very slim body type. We both have penny-colored hair and green eyes with a pale complexion and similar facial features. The only thing different about us, apart from gender, is that her hair goes to her shoulders and is straight and manageable. Mine is collar-length but wild and chaotic. "Edward isn't a little man, Mom, and I'm not a baby." "Hush now; let your mother be," my father says while rubbing Mom's back. "Let's start getting these boxes unloaded before your mom takes you both back home." Leaving the dorm building, I walk out to my parents' car and begin to unload my sister's belongings. My father and I make two trips with a cart to get all of my sister's things to her room. "I'm going to miss you so much," my mom sobs, pulling Sasha into her arms. "Mom, we're only three hours away," Sasha replies with a chuckle as she pats my mom's back. "Er, Mom, you'll need to let me go now," she says with a pleading look toward Dad and me. "Never. You'll always be my baby girl ," she tells her as she releases her death grip from Sasha. "Just remember, if you need us, you only need to call," she carries on before hugging me again. "We will," I reassure her and rub her back before releasing her. She drops her head and waves as she walks away with my dad's arm around her. Sasha lets out a soft breath, and I know despite her hard shell and show for our parents, she's as upset about this as our mom is. "I'll be around here if you need me. Let me know," I tell her, kissing the side of her head. Giving her one last wink, I turn and walk out. Once I'm back out in the hallway, I have to stay close to the wall because of the amount of new and returning student traffic. The only reason I'm out here today, besides to help my sister, is because I'm the Resident Advisor for Calloway Hall this year. Moving down the stairs, I head to the main door just as someone carrying a load of large boxes walks through it. Shaking my head, I groan at this person's stupidity. They're carrying so many large boxes at one time; they can't see where to go. They are already wobbling. Stopping, I try to see the person carrying the load. All I can see is the bottom of their legs and their eyes barely peeking over the top. Seeing how small the person is, I assume this must be a child helping an older sibling move in. Silently snorting, I shake my head as the top box slides, and it's clear the stack will fall. If someone bumps this person, those boxes will be toast, not to mention the kid holding them. No sooner has the thought entered my mind than a large boy hurries past. His hand brushes the lower box, making the others wobble. The person turns, and I see it's in fact not a child but a small girl who looks to be around my age. It's like watching a train wreck. She's desperately trying to stabilize the boxes while finding her balance. Her footing slips on a piece of paper she's dropped, making the first box fall. I know by the way she twisted her body she'll soon follow. Darting as fast as I can, I move to catch her. She lets the other boxes go, I assume to save herself, but she topples over anyway. The girl lets out a grunt as she lands safely in my arms, but I had to dip her back to safely catch her. Slowly, she opens one of her eyes and peeks up at me. "Well, hello. Nice of you to drop by, Topsy." I smirk as she looks almost surprised to be in my arms. Her small mouth opens, but no words seem to want to come out. As she stammers, my eyes take in her face, and I'm caught off guard by how beautiful she is. "Hi," I mumble again. "Jesus, Bella … Are you falling into some guy's arms already?" says a bear of a voice that I know. "Hey, Eddie, can you let her up? She needs to get her panties off the floor. Oh, Baby B. Black lace, huh? You've been holding out on me because I'd have never thought you were the kind of girl who wears this kind of panties!" The girl, Bella, bolts out of my arms and glares at Emmett, who is swinging a pair of her panties on his finger above his head. "Emmett Dale McCarty!" she storms in an angry voice, holding her hand out for them. Emmett shakes his head as he dangles the panties high out of her reach. "Emmett, why are you playing with my only daughter's underwear?" says a quiet but authoritative voice from behind him. Emmett pales upon hearing the man's voice and shoves the panties into my hand. "Sorry, Chief," Emmett stutters and then looks around. "I'll get these boxes to her room," he adds, quickly picking up the ones that didn't spill and just about running up the stairs. Unable to help myself, I let out a snort, having never seen Emmett move that fast. Turning back to Bella and her father, I see he's looking at me with his arms crossed over his chest. "Hi," I say, and his brow rises as he stares at me. After a few seconds have passed, he points to my hand, and I look down to see I'm still clutching his beautiful daughter's panties in my hand. "Oh," I say, feeling my face heat up. I look down to see the girl still picking up her clothes. "Let me help," I offer, dropping her panties into the open box. I pick up the first piece of clothing I come to and see it's a bra ... a lacy bra. I hold it up as I look at it. "Are you some perverted guy who likes stealing girls' undergarments?" her father asks, and I just open and close my mouth. "He's winding you up. Just ignore him," a soft voice says, and I look to her, my eyes seeming to lock with hers. A pink blush brightens her cheeks, and she drops her head just as she starts to nibble her lip. "Edward," I say, holding out my hand. "Chief," her father says, taking my hand. "Charlie … His name is Charlie, and I'm Bella." Charlie lets my hand go, and I take her hand into mine and bring it to my mouth, kissing it softly. "Nice to meet you, Bella," I say huskily. "You can see me standing here, can't you, boy?" Charlie asks, and turning, I nod at him. "Then please stop hitting on my still seventeen-year-old daughter. At least wait until I'm out of earshot. If you need any incentive, I do carry a gun," he says, showing me said gun, which makes me gulp. "Dad!" Bella yells again. Bending down, I pick up her box. "What room are you in?" I ask but keep my eyes on her dad's gun. "And why do you need that information?" I open and close my mouth once more. This is the first dad that has rendered me speechless more than once. "Room two-three-four," Bella says happily, and I turn, smiling at her. "That's my sister's room," I say cheerfully as I walk toward it. "Edward," Sasha stutters out, surprised as I walk back into her room. "I'm just helping your roommate," I tell her. "Is that what you call what you were doing?" Emmett chuckles. "Then that's what I'll be doing tomorrow and the rest of this semester with Rosie," he says as he wiggles his brows. Before I can tell him to knock it off, I hear Bella and her father, Charlie, talking. "I think we need to get them to change your room. That boy looks like trouble." "Dad," Bella says as she walks through the door. She looks my way and mouths her apologies. He hums, placing down two boxes. "Emmett, there are more boxes that need to be brought in. Edward, thanks for helping, but Bella needs to start unpacking now," he says as if he's dismissing me. "Chief, I can help," I say, following him out. "Or I can stay and help Bella unpack." Charlie's mustache twitches, and he looks at me. "Well, come on, then." I follow him all the way to the car, and he hands Emmett two boxes and tilts his head toward the dorms. "Been nice knowing you, Edward," Emmett says sadly before walking away. "Name?" Charlie asks. "Edward," I reply, but he raises his eyebrow, giving me a look that says, 'don't fuck with me, boy.' "Full name," he demands. I chuckle softly and bob my head, knowing this is something my father has done to my sister's dates. "Edward Anthony Cullen; my date of birth is the twentieth of June, nineteen ninety-four. I have just turned twenty-one. I have a younger sister, Sasha Elizabeth