E ntry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: Worth a Thousand Words Summary: Coming home usually is a cause for celebration, Bella wants to capture the special moments with her camera, but for one soldier, it seems far from it. Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Word count: 6,158 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Bella Swan was trying hard not to cry. The weather was amazing—not too sunny and slightly cloudy. The perfect backdrop for what she had in mind to capture. The energy around her seemed to almost bounce around from person to person. It warmed her bone deep, while also breaking her heart. How many times had she'd done the same as a child? As a photographer, the only reason she was there was because she'd called in a few favors. She still had connections through her late father, a career Army man, and was she was able to join the families waiting for their loved ones. The post commander at Fort Eustis, Virginia had been a constant figure throughout her life, and her godfather. Though he'd always run his units with an iron fist, he had soft spot for her. A few magazine covers she had done probably helped her, too—but ultimately, he trusted her to respect the families. The emotions running through her made the camera in her hand feel heavy and cumbersome, as if she had no business wielding one. Pushing aside old memories, she focused on her current subject. She knelt to capture the right angle, using the sparse sunlight to her advantage. A blonde little girl with bright, green eyes held up a very pink sign with the words "Welcome Home Daddy" in big glittery letters. All she had for Bella was smiles and giggles, sharing her gummy bears with her for the second time in the last five minutes. Her mother, Kate, was a pro, an army wife of twelve years. She stood behind her daughter, her smile equally beautiful. From the look of longing and love in her eyes, you'd think it was the first homecoming ever. She recognized it as the same one her mother had before she died when she was fourteen. For every click of her camera, Amy, the green-eyed angel, would grin and strike a pose. She was naturally photogenic, and she was going to be a knockout like her mother. Her two big brothers were very handsome, with the same vivid green eyes, something they must've inherited from their father. The excitement was building, every face trained to the sky, looking for the troop transport plane carrying their soldiers home. The time was near. She stood up, thanking Kate. As discussed with the families before, she wanted candid shots, not posed family photos. Most had been wary, since homecomings were very personal. When she shared her idea for an art series instead of news media, they seemed more open to her being there; some even asked for her business card. "Look Mommy!" a little boy cried out from her right. He pointed toward the clouds, a dark dot closing in on their position. His brown curls bounced around his round face and oversized ears. His mother, a tall, gorgeous blonde, couldn't keep him from jumping around, her hands on the squirming baby girl in her arms. The little family seemed to vibrate with energy, and like before, it spread throughout the crowd. Bella did all she could to capture the love on their faces and the anticipation sparking from their smiles as she moved around them in silence. One woman stood beside a happy family, anxiety marking her features with doubt, but there was a little hope. Her dark red waves fell to the middle of her back, her fingers combing through them nervously. The family would occasionally talk to her, but it seemed subdued. There was a story there, and she hoped the camera would capture it in some form or another. Another woman stood beside a tall, blond, blue-eyed Adonis, her light brown hair streaked with beautiful caramel highlights. They looked like proud parents, ready to welcome their baby home. She was holding hands with a younger woman, a tiny beauty with black hair and big grey eyes, appearing so ready for whatever came next. Time seemed to slow down then, despite the fact that the black dot in the sky had finally taken the form of a plane. Some children danced around, calling out for their mommy or daddy. She moved from family to family, wanting to capture the anticipation in their eyes. She heard the crowd grow wild as the plane touched ground further down the runway. It wouldn't be long before families were reunited. There would be fathers meeting their new babies for the first time, wives rushing to their husbands, and kids wrapping their tiny arms around their mommy's neck. She was forgotten as soldiers stepped onto the tarmac awaiting dismissal, the people around her impatient to see and touch their loved ones. For several minutes, they whispered among themselves, little girls and boys waving to their mommy or daddy. Once the "fall out" was announced, loved ones were being greeted as if it had been a lifetime since they last seen each other. In many ways, she had no doubt it felt as if it had been longer; it certainly had for her while growing up. The little girl with the pink sign bounced excitedly with a trembling lip as her daddy, a big guy with almost surfer looks of sun-bleached hair and sea green eyes, appeared. He swept up his daughter and his wife in one move. His boys each grabbed a hold of a side, the family huddling together. "Garrett," his wife whispered, spreading kisses all over his face, as little Amy copied her mother. The cute boy with precious brown curls latched himself to his daddy's leg, while he greeted his wife, Rose, and his baby girl, Jasmine, whom he was meeting for the first time, with awe and a deep love. Bella had to catch her breath, moved and happy to see such a momentous occasion. She turned to look for the beautiful redhead she'd seen earlier. Bella found her hiding behind another group, though not the one she'd been talking to. The family she'd seen her with all turned to look for her, while their son, a man of average build but broad shoulders, went absolutely still. "Vicky." Tears fell down her cheeks, her hands in fists at her sides. "I'm sorry, James." "You're here," he said, dropping his bag and opening up his arms. She didn't hesitate, running and jumping into his embrace, wrapping her legs around his waist. Whatever words they had for each other, it remained private, thanks to the curtain of red hair. "Jasper," Bella heard from behind her. She turned to find the dark-haired beauty she'd seen earlier on the back of her handsome, but scarred soldier. His parents watched the pair, amused and so damn proud, it brought tears to their eyes. "Are you sure he won't come?" "No, Alice," Jasper whispered as Bella continued to take photos. "Edward would feel like he's intruding." "But he has no one." Bella absently scanned the crowd, before crouching to take a picture of a soldier kneeling and waiting for his little boy to toddle toward him. With her camera, she found someone fitting Jasper and Alice's description. A soldier, dressed in fatigues dodged people left and right, his duffel bag slung over his shoulder. He wore a cap, so the color of his hair was unknown to her, but his head hung low, as if he wasn't expecting anyone. The more people he passed, the lower his head fell and his shoulders curled forward. Yet, as if he realized what he was doing, he adjusted, his chin up as if he wasn't affected by whatever troubled him. There were no other families or excited loved ones waiting in the direction he was walking—he had no one. After snapping one last photo, she stuffed her camera in her bag and ran ahead of him, stopping right in his path. There was no way he hadn't seen or heard her. Her father had eyes in the back of his head and could hear her whisper downstairs in the kitchen when she used to sneak midnight calls. His head lifted a tiny bit, and for a moment, Bella thought he was going to side step her. She braced herself to do the same, and she watched his mouth quirk a little. His strong jaw, chin and the shape of his lips seemed carved to perfection, and almost too pretty for a man. The shadow of scruff roughened the sharp lines enough to make up for it. Somehow, it worked for him, though. As he closed in on her position, he was so much larger than she had originally thought. More than a head taller than her five-foot-five frame, she felt almost dainty next to him. He stopped about a yard away from her and raised his head, his eyes a beautiful and mesmerizing shade of green. "May I help you?" his voice was rougher than she imagined. She liked it, a lot. Her breath caught, and hell, if he didn't smile at her reaction. A little confidence never hurt anyone, so she didn't mind one bit. "Edward?" His brow tightened in confusion, his eyes looking over his shoulder. Alice was perched on Jasper's back, smiling and waving. Bella couldn't help but blush; the woman had obviously raised her voice for her to overhear. "Edward," she whispered, tugging gently on his sleeve to get his attention again. There was no mistaking the strength beneath her fingertips, the muscles flexing as he turned back to look at her. There was uncertainty in his eyes, but something else she recognized. Longing. "I just wanted to say hello and..." She went with her gut and stepped closer, her arms wrapping around his shoulders to hug him. Standing on the tips of her toes, she whispered in his ear, "Welcome home, soldier." She heard his bag hit the ground and felt the way his body relaxed in her hold after a second, his arms coming around her waist slowly, almost as if he was afraid she wasn't real. He swallowed deeply, clearing his throat. "Thank you." His words were so soft. "Why are you crying, beautiful?" Was she? She hadn't even realized. "I know what it's like to come home to no one," she replied, sensing him pulling away. She held him a little tighter, his hands doing the same at the small of her back. "It's not pity, Edward." Her words earned her a husky laugh, his breath causing little bursts of arousal to ignite against her skin. "Is this awkward yet?" He chuckled, pulling back to meet her eyes. "I don't know, is it?" "You're not the type of guy who answers every question with a question, are you?" "Is it a deal breaker?" He grinned, his desert tan bringing out his brilliant smile. She stepped back and settled her hands on her hips. "You are one of those guys." He looked amused, his eyes crinkling at the corners. "Are you the type of woman to go around hugging random strangers?" he asked, lifting his bag and hers from the ground. "I'll tell you right now, I'm the jealous type." Her mouth dropped open, loving the slight southern accent to his voice. Why was she upset again? Oh yeah, because the hot soldier knew how to play. She loved a good banter, but shook herself out of it. He had her very expensive camera. "Hey, where you taking my camera?" They walked side by side with no destination in mind. He stopped to look at her, removed his cap, and held it to his chest. "You've gone and done it. Hugged me in