Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: Flushed Summary: As she stood waiting, she realized not a single person had entered or exited that door in the past four minutes. In an instant, she made her decision: after all, a girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do… Pairing: E/B Rating: M Word count: 4,179 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. There were eleven women standing in line in front of me. In six minutes, the movie would start, and the thought of sitting through two hours of a lame-ass action flick would be even worse if I had to hold in my pee that long. I glanced at the door of the men's bathroom. No line. Not a single person had entered or exited in the past four minutes. Why do we even have gender segregation in bathrooms anyway? What's the harm in men and women using the same frigging toilets? What, in fact, would it hurt …If I just snuck out of this ridiculously long line and entered the empty men's room, peed, and left? Who would care? Counting the heads in front of me, I saw that there were still eleven women in line. This was taking forever. Really, wouldn't it be the ultimate feminist thing to do? Stand up against gender segregated bathrooms that severely disadvantaged women. We had to pee more often and took longer doing it. I mean, the bathrooms were probably equal in size, which made it was all very unfair. It took less than a minute to convince myself that not only was it the natural thing to do, but using the men's bathroom, was, in fact, going to be epically important in the struggle for equality. Or something. Mind: made up. I stepped out of the line and quickly made my way towards the men's room, forcing myself not to look back at the people that must, no doubt, be staring at me right now for disregarding all the basic rules regarding public peeing; the archaic ones that society set forward as the law. Ages ago. This was a feminist revolution, dammit. One deep breath, a quick what-the-fuck-ever-I-can-do-this muttered to myself, and I pushed the door open to find myself in undiscovered territory that was, looks-wise, entirely uninteresting. Tiles, stalls, bright lights, a mirror, and sinks. Oh! And a row of urinals. Well, whatever. I quickly locked myself into one of the stalls to do what I came here to do. Ahhhh, sweet relief. This was really one of the best ideas I've had today. Certainly better than the moment I agreed to go with Angela and Ben along with Ben's coworker, the accountant, on a double slash blind date to a fucking action movie. I don't even like action movies. And I definitely do not like whatshisname, with his twenty-nine-year-old face full of zits, and his corduroy pants. Don't forget the gelled up hair and his two chins and his hand hanging from mine like a limp noodle when he introduced himself. The spit that flew out of his mouth when he said his name made me want to hurl. I am a horrible person for being so appalled that I didn't even remember what his name was, just that it was accompanied by that very unwelcome spit shower. But I suppose I should get out there and get through it, and then confront Angela for making me agree to a double date with a potato. Tonight would most likely go down in history as a really bad date. It's not like I haven't had those before. My dating experiences would read like a novel if that novel were called Tinder, Bars, and Blind Dates: A History of Disasters. I flushed and opened the stall door with an elbow, stepping out while simultaneously trying to fasten the damn button on my pants. A sound of shuffling feet made my head spin towards the urinals, as I came to the horrifying conclusion that they were no longer unoccupied. A tall man with a lion's mane of hair was using one of them, although he didn't seem to notice me, and I could – thankfully – only see his back. I could still take a few steps to the left and sneak out unseen. I should probably make work of buttoning up my jeans; I thought and looked down while taking a step back. "Oh! Fudge! Crap, crap, crap!" I exclaimed as my heel roughly hit the metal corner of the stall. Clearly I should've paid more attention to where I was going. Why were these stall frames made of metal anyway? That sh- stuff hurts! The man, no doubt startled by the sound of a woman's voice in his bathroom, instinctively turned around, eyes wide, mouth open, as, simultaneously, my eyes took him in completely and both of us realized that his hand was, in fact, still holding his…penis. Thankfully no longer peeing, but still very prominently on display. I mean, sure, my hands were in the general area of my crotch, too, but at least I was semi-clothed. Remembering that I was actually raised properly and I was being outrageously rude just staring at his dick, I snapped my head up to look him in the eyes, where I found an expression of pure horror and embarrassment that surely echoed mine, except that he looked rather hot in spite of it. Was he as frozen as I was – was that why he still hadn't put his…thing… away? What the hell? I glanced back down. Still a penis in his hand. I jerked up my eyes. Still the same horrified expression on his face as his eyes bounced from my face to my cleavage to my hand with its fingers on my button fly. Fuck . I guess this is why men and women don't share bathrooms. How do I fix this? "Uhm. Hi. That's some…umm…juicy looking di—um... I'm just…gonna…yeah." I shuffled in the general direction of the exit, eyes still flicking up and down between his face and his dick. Mortification aside, some part of me realized that both – his face and his dick – were extraordinarily beautiful. Chiseled jaw and sculpted cock. Bright green eyes and – oh, my God was it bobbing ? Quickly glancing back at his face I saw that the lion-haired man was now biting his lip, obviously trying not to burst out laughing. Understandable – I mean, what the heck did I just say? Really? A snort escaped my mouth and I quickly brought a hand up to cover my lips, as if that would make the unattractive snort go away. The lion-haired man was still holding his dick, I noticed, as I chanced a quick look down. It was still bobbing as he was shaking with silent laughter, but it was also … bigger. Growing. Oh God. He was aroused? How the heck did this experience, quite possibly the most embarrassing moment of all time, arouse him? Although… I did think he was beautiful. And so was his cock. And it was getting prettier by the second. Now … truth be told, I hadn't seen a lot of cocks in my twenty-one years, so let it be known I was not a cock connoisseur or a dick dignitary, or for that matter even proficient in penis… but his one was perfect to my eyes. I subconsciously licked my lips and looked back at his face, because surely, staring at a stranger's cock for too long would be considered rude, even if he did have it out for all (well, me) to see. And even if he was still holding it. Possibly stroking it, I thought, as I saw some movement in his right arm. His eyes were locked on mine, teeth biting his bottom lip. He wasn't laughing anymore, just staring, intensely, at me. I took a step forward – considering I was fully clothed aside from my unbuttoned jeans, and he was showing off his goods, I figured it was fair if I showed some initiative. I wasn't sure why I was taking the initiative, but I was powerless to stop my feet from moving forward. It seemed there wasn't a power on earth that could make me move away from the gorgeous specimen of man-and-manhood in front of me. He responded by smirking slightly and again moving his hand. Yeah. Definitely stroking. Two more steps and we were face-to-face, close enough to touch. Looking at his face I wanted to take the time to wonder how such a perfectly sculpted human being could exist – such symmetry, such incredible green eyes, such a strong jawline – but I stored the image away for later, focusing on other priorities instead. My mouth opened of its own accord though no sound came from within. His free hand came up to touch my face, a thumb sliding across my bottom lip, and my tongue darted out to touch it. Abruptly, his hand moved from my lip to the back of my neck, and my head was thrust forward almost aggressively as his fingers tucked themselves into my hair. Lips were smashed together hard, almost painfully, and I found myself stepping forward so I could press my entire body against his as my mouth opened, granting him access, tongues dueling, battling, and my hand found its way into his lion's mane. We were both rough, rougher than I'd ever been, teeth clashing, fingertips bruising skin, tongues matching as if it was a competition. He finally, finally , removed his hand from his exposed cock, and immediately placed it on my ass; with a sharp tug my abdomen was smashed into his, as close as we could get with our clothes on. Well, mine were mostly on, anyway. I could feel his erection against my stomach – he was so much taller than me that it was nowhere near any erogenous zones, and yet, I was so incredibly aroused I couldn't help but moan into his mouth. I was flying high, on instinct alone, deliberately refusing all attempts of my brain to stop and think about what I was doing, and I allowed my left hand to leave his back and make its way to the erection pressing against me. His mouth left mine, pressing kisses along my neck, teeth leaving small marks and I gave his cock a tug with every bite mark I felt, loud moans involuntarily escaping me. A hand slid up my shirt, feeling its way to my breast, squeezing gently, finding my nipple. "I need you," he whispered in my ear – the first words he'd spoken. I knew, and I realized how unfathomable it was that I needed him, too. "Yesss," I hissed, my fingers exploring his hair and his erection, both hands pulling, stroking, and feeling. Without warning, I was pushed backward, back into the stall I had walked out of a minute ago. He closed the door behind us quickly as he pushed me against the wall with one hand, his other finding my open fly. I helped him slide my jeans down so I could stand a little wider, but it was constricting, limiting my moves and I quickly kicked them down and off my one leg – the most efficient way for me to be able to move the way I wanted to. Jeans hanging off one ankle was surely not the most erotic sight, I thought, but the intensity of his green eyes flying over my body made me feel like such details didn't matter. Surely, if the fact that we were making out in a public bathroom weren't a turn-off, pieces of clothing would be unimportant. I looked down – his cock was still showing off, now incredibly hard and so much bigger than it had been earlier and now with a glistening drop of pre-cum glistening at the tip.