Entry for the Straight thru the Heart Contest Title: The Silver Lining Summary: After her father's death, Bella Swan is hanging on to her beloved farm by her fingertips. On the brink of closure, she receives help from a reliable source. Edward Cullen, the boy she has secretly loved, was always there when she needed him most, and now is no exception. But is there more to his offer of help than simple friendship? Pairing: Edward & Bella Rating: T Word count: 6,470 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. ~1932 - America~ The sun had barely risen. I was exhausted, and the day had barely even begun. It had taken the best part of an hour to make my way into town, but I couldn't put the journey off any longer. Supplies were running low, so I had no choice. I thought I'd been successful in selecting only the bare essentials, yet I still came up short when it came time to settle my bill. I was embarrassed enough already. I certainly didn't need Mrs. Stanley tutting disapprovingly while I put back a few items. Money just didn't go as far as it used to. We'd been struggling since the crash, but this past winter had been the worst, and even now, with spring on its way, the farm stood little chance of recovering. Whether it be failed crops, loss of cattle, or other more sinister causes, the farm was on the brink of closure. Regardless, I refused to give up. It had been my father's dream to come set up a plantation out west, and I wasn't going to give up without a fight. Perhaps I was being stubborn, or plain stupid if you listened to the town gossip, Mrs. Stanley. Countless times, I'd heard her gossiping about the decline of the farm. I tried not to take her criticism to heart. I was doing my best. Things had been so much easier with Pa around. He passed away a couple of months ago, and despite my best efforts, I was completely exhausted, sleep deprived, and overwhelmed by the task ahead of me. I suppose I should count my blessings. For many years, life was good, and the farm was thriving. Pa grew some of the best produce in the state, and he had established a solid trade. He'd even talked of expanding, but that was soon shelved the summer of my fourteenth birthday when my mother was taken ill. To say that it was unexpected would be a severe understatement. Neither of us had seen it coming. Thankfully, she didn't suffer, simply succumbed to the same epidemic that had wiped out many people in town. After my mother's passing, my father was never the same again. That's not to say Charles Swan wasn't the best father a girl could wish for. He was a caring and devoted father, but he lost that sparkle, that twinkle in his eye and passion for life that comes when you lose your other half. "Good morning, Bella," a soft voice spoke. I had been so caught up in memories that I didn't hear one of my dearest friends approach. "Auntie Bella!" a joyful voice exclaimed before eager hands clutched at the bottom of my dress. Laughing at the child's antics, I lifted the bundle of energy into my arms, and she proceeded to pepper my cheeks with kisses. "You are looking well, Angela," I complimented. Even with a two-year-old running around her feet and another baby on the way, Angela was glowing. "I don't feel it. Between you and me, I will be glad when this little one makes its appearance. But enough about me. How are you? How are things?" I could see the apprehension in her eyes. Angela was no fool. She knew how much of a struggle it was on my own despite, my best attempts to keep my problems hidden. "Not so bad." I tried to brush off her concerns, quickly changing the conversation away from my own woes. We spoke for a little while, and I had to admit it was nice to have the distraction. Sadly, my good mood vanished the second I spied Mike Newton and his friends roll into town. This was the main reason I avoided going into town when I could. Mike just wouldn't quit hassling me about out selling the farm. Pa had been buried barely a week before he made it clear he would stop at nothing to get the farm, including resorting to more devious means. It started with a few animals going missing; then there was the damage to my property. Then, to make matters worse, I suddenly found myself without a buyer for any of our goods the coming summer. There was no doubt in my mind that Mike was behind it, but I had no way to prove it or resolve the situation. After the crash, money was tight. Everyone was struggling, trying to make ends meet. Many farms had closed already, and several more were on the brink. Things were so bad I had to let the remainder of my staff go just last week. With only my cousin, Seth, stopping by to help from time to time, I was on my own now. Well, me and my trusty dog, Jake, that is. The sale was inevitable, but that didn't mean I was ready to admit defeat just yet. While I continued to chat to Angela, I made the mistake of catching Mike's eye. I shuddered when he smirked and tipped his hat toward me. "Mike isn't still bothering you, is he?" Angela asked. "No more than usual," I said, trying to play off Mike's persistence. Angela worried about me being at the farm all on my own. It was best she didn't worry any more than necessary. "You should speak to the sheriff; get him to have a word with Mike," she suggested. "And what good would that do?" I had no proof of Mike's underhanded tactics. Even if I did, I doubted it would make a difference. The town sheriff was always happy to turn a blind eye if it meant a little extra money in his pocket. And if the town sheriff was on Mike's side, what chance did I have? "I don't know, Bella, but I worry about you in that big house all on your own. Isn't there anyone you can go to to ask for help?" The truth was that there wasn't anyone. After my father passed, I couldn't deny it was lonely up on the farm all by myself. Up until now, I'd led a very sheltered life. I only came into town on the rare occasions when Father took me with him. Besides Angela, the only other people I could count as friends were my neighbors, the Cullens. They owned the closest farm to mine, and despite their frequent offers to help, I was embarrassed to burden them with my troubles. The problem was, I was stubborn just like my father, or perhaps it was my pride that made me shy away from asking for help. Besides, they'd done enough for me already. Carlisle had done all he could to save Charlie by providing the medicine I couldn't afford. His wife, Esme, was just as lovely. She was one of the most generous, kind women you could ever wish to meet, and she had the sweetest Irish accent. The Cullens were good people, and they had raised their three boys to be just as hard-working and supportive. They'd been so good to me already and were frequently telling me to just yell if I needed anything, but I couldn't ask any more of them. And at this point, I wasn't sure even they would be able to help me. No. The simple fact was, the farm was a lost cause, and the sooner I accepted that, the better. The problem was, I didn't know what to do once the sale went ahead. Moving into town held very little appeal to me. Father told me it wasn't a good place for a young woman on her own, and the horror stories I'd heard about what went on there didn't convince me otherwise. "Oh, look. Here comes trouble." Angela smiled knowingly. My gaze followed hers, and I spotted the Cullen boys heading into the hardware store. I'd known the Cullen boys since they arrived in town many years back. Despite Esme and Carlisle's best efforts, they were always getting into trouble for one thing or another. Emmett was the loud troublemaker, Jasper the more cunning, sly middle brother, and their youngest, Edward, had always been reserved and shy. But he certainly didn't have that problem now. Edward had grown into a confident young man, strong, rugged, and unbelievably handsome. He had the most unique hair—a color I had never seen before nor would I even know how to describe. A rich brown color with hints of blond and red. His eyes, though, were without doubt my favorite feature. They were the most stunning shade of emerald and incredibly deep. He was a year older than me. We had practically grown up together. I was fairly certain I was in love with him, and how could I not be? Edward was a good friend, one of the most kind-hearted and smart young men you could ever wish to meet. While I wished for more than friendship, I refused to delude myself with such wild fantasies. I wasn't the only girl with dreams of becoming Edward Cullen's girl. I only had to look at the effect he had upon the town folk to know that he was desired. Girls flocked around him like moths to a flame. He was that type of man. He had no girl to call his own, but that didn't seem to bother him. Edward had a lot going on with running the farm he'd taken over from his daddy last year. In contrast to my own ailing farm, the Cullen ranch was thriving in spite of the depression. They bred the best horses in the state, and people came from out of town just to purchase them. Daddy always said hard work paid off, and the Cullen ranch was proof of that. "Edward Cullen is staring at you again." Angela's voice broke me from my daydreaming. I felt heat creep up my neck "Don't be silly." I scoffed. Angela often hinted that there was more to Edward's generosity than neighborly goodwill, but I was unconvinced. There was no way he would be interested in me. It wasn't as if I were fighting off a string of admirers. I'd never had any suitors, not one. I suppose I could put it down to Pa's over-protectiveness, but the simple fact remained that I was plain and boring. I was no great beauty with my dull brown hair and equally boring brown eyes. The clothes I wore were usually shapeless and ill-fitted. And aside from being able to cook a decent meal and keep a tidy home, I wasn't the most desirable choice for any man, especially not Edward Cullen. Boys were scared off by my crippling shyness and awkward nature, and at nineteen years old, I was practically a spinster. I had resigned myself to the fact that I was going to end up alone. I had neither the time nor the energy to waste on pursuing such a hopeless dream. Disheartened, I turned away from Edward, in the process making eye contact with Mike. Sensing that he was on the verge of heading my way, I excused myself and began the tiresome journey home. If I thought I had seen the last of Mike for one week, I was very much mistaken. Sadly, I had the misfortune of seeing him again not two days later when he dropped by the farm, bringing some friends with him. "I