-The Twilight Saga and all its characters belong to Stephanie Meyer. No profit is made from this work of fiction, and no copyright infringement is intended. This story is AU. Living in a World of Black and White By PopTop38 Part 1- Mortal Chapter One- Dark Secrets veiled in Lies of Light The encircling air of the forest was hair-raisingly cold, sinking through my tattered leather jacket and flimsy shirt until it settled into my shivering bones. We can't stop…not now. Winter, both beautiful and sinister, was approaching around the corner with a charming grin and a blood-stained dagger held behind its back. It glows with an ethereal beauty, keeping you charmed with coy smiles and pretty words…until that frosted knife concealed between eager fingers finds its way into your chest. Before you know it, your skin freezes over and you're lying still with body heat radiating from you no more. Pretty poetic, huh? You see…living on this earth for eighteen years has taught me many things. One of these particular lessons was learning the true nature of the seasons. In all honesty, it has taken me only three years to figure out that underneath the loveliness of its sculpted looks, winter hides a cruel nature. It kills anything and everything indiscriminately while it laughs in callous glee. Unless, of course, you're clever enough to avoid its vicious games. Which, nowadays, isn't a very easy feat to do. Dying leaves ranging from a crimson red to a sunny yellow fell from their short branches onto the mercilessly waiting ground below. It was a stunning sight, compared to other areas where the Grays roamed around with their dreaded curse. Speaking of which, they should be making their appearance soon if the odd silence is any hint. "Shouldn't we be heading back to the camp before the Grays start crawling out?" Mike asked in a fear-tinted whisper, speaking what I was worried about as if he read my very thoughts. His pale blue eyes darted around to gaze at the endless shadows that extended towards us like sinister claws. The thin streams of light that guided us was fading along with the weary sun, dragging a reluctant night to take its place while it rested. Another precious day…wasted. Annoyance and anger welled inside my chest at the thought of going back to the others…empty-handed, again. With each passing day, we were losing members of our group to starvation…or worse. Betrayal . Not that I'm blame them completely. When you find a chance to leave this familiar hell known as hunger , you do whatever you can. Even if that means feeding those closest to you to the beasts of the vicious world. Too tensed to keep my emotions reined in, I whirled on the blonde hair boy beside me with a sharp hiss. "You want to stand in front of Jason and tell him that we don't have any food to give again ?" Mike flinched back, an expression of shame taking over his look of fear as his shoulders slumped over. A sigh, irritated with a hint of guilt, trailed out from behind my cracked lips. Seeing this blonde, baby-faced boy give up with such a defeated appearance always made me contrite. The look just reminded me so much of… No! Don't think about him, Bella. Remember what Jason said…it wasn't your fault. "Listen, Mike," I began with an awkward tone, not very familiar with gentle words or any sort of apology. Judging by the surprised look that appeared on his round face, he wasn't used to it either. "I know you're worried about a Gray attack. So am I, believe it or not. But the others want us to come back with a deer, or at least eight rabbits. If you can magically get eight, non-Gray rabbits to hop in front of us, fall over and die , then we can leave right now." Mike glanced down with his bottom lip puffing out in a pout, an obvious sign of his helpless frustration. His large hands gripped tighter on the crudely made bow between his roughened palms as well, risking a chance of painful splinters embedded in his fragile skin. Without looking up, he mumbled enviously, "I bet if we were vampires, we could do that. It would be so easy ." Before it even crossed my mind, a groan of disgust echoed from out my throat. Here we go again. Another little chat with Mike on how being a heartless bloodsucker isn't the greatest thing in the world like how they wanted us to believe. Honestly, I rather be torn limb from limb by a Level 4 Gray than get Converted into an emotionless vampire. And Mike knew this, so why he kept bringing up said subject in conservation was beyond me. "Not now, Mike," I answered behind grounding teeth. Crouching down slightly, I moved forward with the steady silence of a mountain cat. I didn't really care on whether or not he was following me. Though if I was him I would stay close, especially since evening was dwindling and would soon turn into pitch-black night, which allows the darker creatures on the earth to rear their ugly heads. Stalking through the overgrown ferns and plant life at my feet, my ears were perked for any sound of a lone animal unfortunate enough to still be alive. A relatively sane deer was rare these days, and even if one appeared, it probably would be thin and scrawny. Not enough to last a group our size for two days. It would be better than nothing though. However, as if a superior being above spotted us from the heavens and felt some form of pity, a soft snort that sound suspiciously like a deer traveled to me from straight ahead. Immediately, my body dropped to the cold ground as I crawled forward, flat on my stomach. Where I was gave me a nice advantage point. A small rise, tall enough to give me a clear sight of the clearing below, but short enough to keep my scent downwind from the approaching creature. Ignoring the persistently curious questions from Mike, I gazed over the side to see what was shuffling about. The sight before me brought out a burst of shock and disbelief. No fucking way . It was a deer. A full grown buck, for that matter. Healthy and big, with a wide assortment of meaty muscle on his bones. His dark eyes scanned his surroundings as he sway his large head around with the cautiousness of a sane beast. In fact, the only thing that concerned me about him was the giant rack of sharp antlers standing proudly on top of his head that I'm sure he wasn't afraid to use in a deadly situation. "What do you keep staring-" Mike's question was cut off by the sound of his amazed gasp. Like me, his wide eyes focused on the buck with a growing hunger. Both of us knew what a reward it would be to take down that buck and bring it back. The meat would be enough food for everyone, the fur could be made into more warm clothing or blankets in preparation for the coming winter, and the antlers would be perfect for more weapons. Yep, that buck could really help with our survival if we killed it. Glancing up, I frowned at how little light we had. "Okay, we better be quick with this. If we take him down, we still have to carry his heavy ass back to the truck before the Grays pop out the ground," I whispered with a quick glance at the forest floor. That's one thing about Grays. You never know where they're at until one shoots out its lifeless hand and wraps it around your ankle tightly, pulling you down into the darkness of the earth before you can even scream. God, I should really stop hanging out with Paul and Jared so much. Lifting my own wooden bow, I pulled it back while lining it up with a pointed arrow. My heart pounded in rhythm of the breaths that I took. Almost like he felt my gaze on him, the buck craned his head around until we were staring straight at each other. The world seemed to slow down around us, waiting for him or I to make a move that would determine who would win this small battle of survival. Suddenly a piercing blaze appeared in his steady stare, and that's when I knew he was ready to bolt away to freedom. Without wasting another second, I let my pulsing fingers release the arrow with a razor-sharp whish . It raced forward with the unstoppable speed of lightning until it stabbed…. Right into the fuckin' tree behind the buck's head. "No," The horrified word, cold and harsh as a winter's bitter wind, slithered out my throat in a soft tone. Mike hung his head in disappointment. The buck, realizing that he had a chance to run, tossed his head up in a mocking action of arrogance and then began to leap away into the shadows. That's when my fury, snarling and rattling in its steel chains, lunged toward my unsuspecting shock and tore the weak emotion to pieces with unsheathed claws. The battle was one-sided due to the intensity of my anger, which was boiling over in steaming waves. Not even an inch of its hunger satisfied once done, my raging fury took control over my body's actions with a rumbling growl. Livid to the point of insanity, no thoughts froze my actions as I stood up, reached in the back pocket of my fading jeans and took out a sleek pistol that gleamed a vivid silver in the pale moonlight. "Bella, no! That's only for emergencies!" Mike shouted, jumping up in front of me to grab the handgun. It was too late though. Hesitation and caution was in the far back of my mind as I started shooting at the buck with the recklessness of a madman. My vision was rimmed crimson and dark, keeping firm attention on the moving form. Eerily silent in his escape, the buck dodged every flying bullet with wild grace and then disappeared in the cavernous mouth of darkness. Rigid and emotionless, the scent of gunshot residue trailed up my nostrils. It floated around my brain, alongside something else…something that smelled strangely familiar. Glancing down, the cold gun in my hands dropped at the exact time that I let loose an appalled cry. Collapsed on his thin legs at an unnatural angle, with his usually emotional eyes glossed over in dead silence, Michael Newton gazed up with his jaw slacked in an unnerving stillness while crimson flowers bloomed over his cream shirt. Three small holes dotted his skinny torso: two in his chest and one in his stomach. The bittersweet scent that puffed from the unfurling red flowers reminded me of rusted metal and crushed rose petals. "Oh, God." Shining in the tall grass, the pistol seemed to glare up at me with accusation clear in its chilled metal eyes. All of it combined together made my ice-cold stomach heaved until I was hurling up nothing in the grass behind me. That was one blessing of not being able to eat, I suppose. No food, no vomit. "Bella," A raspy voice, stained with barely hidden agony, silenced my weeping heart. Wiping my trembling mouth in an absentminded manner, I turned around with a fearful slowness. Mike watched me, watery eyes hooded as his sky blue pupils flickered with the dying flames of life. Though every small shift of his weakening body seemed to pain him, he reached out to me anyway with a shaking hand. Cold all over, and not just because of the diving temperature, I kneeled down beside him and placed his head in my lap. He closed his eyes once I began to pet his sweat-damped hair. "I'm