PLEASE NOTE: This is a sort of mini-AU thing where Harry tells Sirius how he thinks he's being possessed, instead of Hermione and the others. In the book Sirius entered Buckbeak's room right after Harry left anyway, so here's what might have happened if they hadn't just missed each other. … #12 Grimmauld Place, London December 1995 Harry Potter was sitting—or, more accurately, hiding—all the way up in Buckbeak the hippogriff's room, every so often tossing him dead rats. Ever since he had heard the news that he was possessed, and thus inferred that he was the weapon, he had felt strangely detached from everyone else in the house. Even Sirius seemed to be happy, at least happier than he had been last summer: " God rest ye merry hippogriffs, let nothing you dismay…remember Christ our Savior was born on Christmas Day…" In fact, Harry didn't notice the voice getting closer until bang , the door to Buckbeak's room flew open, and there was Sirius, holding a bloodstained bag of dead rats. Harry looked up; Sirius's eyebrows were raised in surprise. "Harry?" he said. "Oh…hi, Sirius." Harry didn't look up, but Buckbeak let out a loud squawk and rushed towards Sirius, who stroked his feathered friend's neck. "I was going to feed him, but I guess you beat me to it," said Sirius awkwardly, then he added, "Where've you been? Nobody's seen you since you all got home from St. Mungo's—and it's almost dinnertime." "Well, I'm not hungry," said Harry. This was a lie—he was so hungry by now that even Buckbeak's rats were starting to look appetizing. But there was no way he was going to go downstairs. By now his friends knew all about his "problem", and the Order members had probably known from the beginning. Yet none of them had ever told him. "Are you all right?" Sirius asked, sliding down to sit next to Harry. Not even Sirius had told him the truth. "Why didn't you tell me?" Harry blurted out. "Tell you what?" Sirius looked confused. "You know what!" said Harry. "You couldn't have told me what the secret weapon was? You're supposed to be my godfather!" "How did you find out?" Sirius demanded in a whisper. "I—um, overheard Moody saying it at the hospital," said Harry. "They sent us out of the room and, well…" "Remus told me about those Extendable Ears," said Sirius with the ghost of a grin. "Don't get angry, Sirius," Harry pleaded, thinking Sirius wouldn't be very proud of him for eavesdropping. "It's just…well, we were curious, and we didn't know what else to—" "Sometimes, I think, we adults forget what it's like to be your age," said Sirius, leaning his head on his knees. "But we're not the only ones with troubles, are we?" Harry remembered what Phineas Nigellus had said earlier: Like all young people, you are quite sure that you alone feel and think, you alone recognize danger, you alone are the only one clever enough to realize what the Dark Lord may be planning… "I don't understand," said Harry quietly. "Well…that's not how I would have wanted you to find out what the weapon is," Sirius explained, "but you don't have any other way of finding out, do you? So eavesdropping it is. Maybe Dumbledore doesn't realize it, but I'm very well aware that if we don't tell you what's going on, you're going to do everything in your power to find out for yourself." Harry stared over at Sirius. "Yeah," he said. "I'm sorry." "No, I'm sorry," said Sirius. "I-I should have told you." "But I know you weren't supposed to," Harry pointed out, remembering the fight between Mrs. Weasley and Sirius the night he had arrived. "I could have told you anyway." Sirius shrugged. "I always thought it was pointless to hide it from you. But I did…and now…" "But, Sirius…" Harry frowned. "I don't get it. Why did Dumbledore want to hide this from me? Did he think I wouldn't be able to handle it? When I've handled so much before in the past?" "Harry, I don't know." Sirius sighed. "One can only assume so." "Well, he's wrong," Harry said fiercely. "I can so handle it! I might not like being possessed, but—" "Excuse me?!" barked Sirius. "You might not what?!" "Well…that's how Voldemort is going to use me as his secret weapon," Harry explained, surprised at Sirius's reaction. "Because he's possessing me. You know." "No, I don't know!" yelled Sirius. "Let me get this straight—in the hospital, you heard Moody say that you were the weapon because you were being possessed and you were the one who did this to Arthur?" "Yes," said Harry in a small voice. "Look, I know he's a little senile and all, but come on!" Sirius said exasperatedly. "I figured…since he used to be an Auror, he would know," Harry explained helplessly. "Harry, I need you to tell me exactly what Moody said, all right?" Sirius said carefully. "Tell me what the others said too." It wasn't fun, but Harry began to reiterate the whole conversation as he and the others had heard it outside Mr. Weasley's ward. When he apologized again for eavesdropping Sirius waved it away and bade him continue. "And then Moody said 'there's—there's something funny about the Potter kid'…" Harry's voice cracked here and he couldn't say anything more. "Then what happened?" Sirius prompted gently. "Mrs. Weasley said Dumbledore seemed worried about me…" Harry swallowed. "And that's when Moody told her he thought I was being possessed. So I pulled the Extendable Ear out of my own and everybody was just giving me this horrified expression—" "But when did Moody say you were the weapon?" Sirius asked, frowning. Harry thought back. Truth be told, going over the scene again in his head, he couldn't remember Moody actually saying that he, Harry, was the weapon. "Well, okay, he didn't," said Harry, "but I'm not as stupid as you all think! I figured it out! Voldemort is using me as the weapon by possessing me, and that's why you're all tailing me, just to make sure I don't get away and nearly kill someone, only I already have, and nobody wants to look at me or be in the room with me anymore, because they know I'll kill them—" "Harry, stop!" Harry's voice had been rising steadily in pitch as he explained everything he had been thinking, and he felt lightheaded when his godfather suddenly cut him off. "If you hear something like that, you have to go straight to me! You can't just guess!" "I didn't want to talk to anybody," Harry confessed. "I-I feel so filthy. It's like I'm carrying some kind of deadly disease. I thought you wouldn't want to be around me." "Well, for one thing, if you were possessed, I would have known about it from the beginning, wouldn't I? So why would my attitude about it just randomly change?" said Sirius, then he pulled Harry into a hug. "And for another…you should know this by now. I love you no matter what." "Even if I'm possessed?" "Even if you're possessed," said Sirius, "which you're not, by the way…Hasn't Dumbledore mentioned before that you're connected to Voldemort through that scar? That's how you witnessed the snake attack. You were seeing what he was seeing." "No, I was seeing what the snake was seeing," Harry reminded him. "Voldemort's got a funny connection with that snake," Sirius said shrewdly. "Sort of like the one Filch has with Mrs. Norris. Of course he can see through his snake's eyes, which is why you can see through the snake's eyes too." "How do you know about Mrs. Norris?" asked Harry. "She was after your time." "Sure, but I snuck into the castle during your third year, remember?" said Sirius. "They're definitely magically bonded. I could tell even when I wasn't in my Animagus mode. I have…I have a connection with animals most humans don't, even before I became an Animagus. Even as a child. It was easy to get them to follow me or do what I wanted. The only ones I can't really make a connection with are Dark creatures…go figure. "Anyway, you also have to remember," Sirius pointed out, "you fell asleep in your dorm, didn't you? And then you woke up again, in the same place? How could you have gotten to London and back, and so quickly?" "Voldemort's one of the most powerful wizards of our age," said Harry. "It was probably easy." "You forget who you're talking to." Harry looked up at Sirius, who was grinning now. "I know more about sneaking in and out of the castle than anyone , remember? I know all about the enchantments and blockages put on the castle to make sure stuff like that can't happen. You think you can just Apparate or Disapparate? James and I have tried it! It's impossible. You still feel that weird warping sensation—so you know you did it right—but you don't go anywhere. You can't even Apparate across the room, much less all the way to London." "Why would you try to Apparate across the room?" said Harry. "Just for the hell of it, that's why," Sirius replied. "You're not the weapon, Harry, and you know what? If Dumbledore didn't want me to tell you, he shouldn't have told me in the first place. I think you're ready to know, so screw it. It's not you, it's a prophecy." "It's…it's a what?" "I don't know everything about it, as of course it is a secret weapon," Sirius began delicately, "but you see…I do know that a prophecy was made about you and Voldemort, and apparently it contains the knowledge of—oh, I hate to be the one to tell you this—how to destroy you." " That's what Mr. Weasley was guarding?" Harry asked in disbelief. "Yes," said Sirius. "All recorded prophecies are kept in the Department of Mysteries at the Ministry of Magic, and that's where he was." "I remember Moody said he thought Voldemort sent Nagini as a lookout," Harry recalled. "That she would have had more time to look around if Mr. Weasley hadn't been there." Sirius nodded. "Yeah, pretty much." "What does the prophecy say, though, Sirius?" Harry asked. "I honestly don't know," Sirius told him apologetically. "It's only Dumbledore who knows, I believe. But what we've learned since is that when Voldemort tried to kill you as a baby, it was because he thought he was fulfilling the prophecy. He didn't expect the Killing Curse to backfire." "Why did it backfire?" "This one was news to me, too." Sirius bit his lip. "Apparently…well, you know Lily gave her life so you could live, right? Well, apparently that gave you a sort of protection from harm. I didn't know this at the end of your third year, when I asked you if you wanted to come live with me. But apparently Lily's sister needed to be your legal guardian in order for it to work." "I thought you were my legal guardian," Harry told him. "I've got your power-of-attorney," Sirius explained, "and I'm your legal guardian in the Wizarding world. But I don't have custody. And legal custody is what is needed in order for the blood wards to work." "Oh, I see," said Harry. "That's why I have to return to the Muggles every summer?" "I'm afraid so," Sirius told him. "But only for a little bit. Then you can come live with the rest of us." "But still, there's another thing," Harry continued, still feeling worried. "If I'm not being possessed, then why…why…" "Why what?" "Well…why do I act the way I do?" "Beg pardon?" said Sirius, raising an eyebrow. "I mean to say…I act like a right git sometimes," Harry admitted, and it was a strange feeling—he felt guilty about this fact, and yet it felt good to say it to someone. "Not just to kids at school who annoy me or