Submission for Fandom4 LLS Title: Lost Lake Beta: boykitty Banner: Mina Rivera Disclaimer: Twilight belongs to Stephenie Meyer, these words belong to me. There are yellow ribbons tied to some of the trees, yellow signs that we're here. I look at Alice, and she smiles at me. The kind of hopeful smile one gives a best friend. "Do you think Emmett's already here?" I agreed to this for two reasons, he was one of them. "No truck. No Emmett." "Is this the only way in?" "The only safe way." Jasper is creepy when he wants to be. Eyes boring into me, like they're trying to move me, scare me. I don't want to get out of the car. I don't want to be in this car in the first place, I want to be in the truck. I want to be at home, forgetting that I ever said yes to this stupid idea. I am so not the outdoorsy type. Spiders, sitting on wet things, the sun in the morning heating me up, making my eyes itch. I don't want any of it. "Just ignore him. We're gonna have fun, you'll see." "I don't see." "Then I'll have to do all the seeing for you. Once the others get here, you'll remember why this was a good idea. I promise." "Well... I guess if you promise..." I can feel her willing me to get excited. "I swear on daisy chains and fake owls." "Daisy chains and fake owls, huh?" I can't not let in the ease she makes me feel, the sleepy warm that clothes my heart by the memories she invokes. "You can't use that for like, a whole 'nother year." She pokes her tongue out, and pulls my hair. "You love me." "I do." "Is this the beginning of a threesome?" "Is this the beginning of a murder? Because I brought a weapon, and I'm not afraid to use it." I try to give Jasper my best crazy eyes. My eyes feel like they might pop out of my head from the willing, willing him to look away first. "Quit it, you two." Alice pokes Jasper in the side of the face forcing him to turn to her, and she just glares at me. I win. A rumbling signals the arrival of my other favourite people, and I hop out of the cramped VW bug I was forced to ride in for seven hours. The longest seven hours filled with perfect fantasy daydreams, and horror themed nights, in equal measure. "Fucking finally." Rosalie swings her legs out and pushes her sunglasses up onto her head. "Miss me?" "Always. Get over here, I'm dying without you." "Yeah right, we all know what you're really dying for." She wags her eyebrows, drops her shades, and jumps out of the truck so he can push the seat forward and get out. The second reason I'm here. The reason for my madness. The answer to all of life's questions, and my sole purpose for existing. "Hi." "Hi." His eyes are hazel light, almost green today. His copper brown hair messed up only on one side. He must have slept on the way here. I wonder if his dreams are anything like mine. I wonder if his thoughts exist in the same universe as the one I am constantly lusting after him in. "I'm glad you came." My heart beats to the sound of each word that comes out of his mouth, my face tells him everything I'm thinking, everything I'm feeling, betraying me always. Edward Cullen. "Help me with this, bro." Emmett chucks a huge bag at Edward, knocking him in the chest. Poles. Sticks. Camping. "Let's go, we need to pitch before dark." Me, Bella. Him, Edward. Camping. Together. For two days. "So... Do you think he's gonna ask you to share his tent?" "Alice!" Yes. Ask me. Please ask me. "I really don't want to sleep in a tent at all, I especially don't want to sleep in one alone. Can't Jasper share with Edward and you and me take yours? Yours is better than mine anyway. Please? Please!" "No way, Beelzebub. Try again! Although, if you really don't want your tent, we'll swap ya? Are you kidding, Charlie has the best gear. You just don't know what you're working with." "Yeah. That's my problem." The trees are farther apart than I thought they would be. The outside looks like a dark world of leaves and danger, the daytime's pocket of forever darkness, living here in plain sight. As if a forest is a normal thing. As if the secrecy of the earth is in any way safe. My steps are careful. My eyes are everywhere. This is not a designated campsite. A park for like-minded people coming to take up house for the starry nights, hiking in the wilderness during the days. This is Lost Lake, a thicket of nature plonked in the middle of anywhere that will take it. We are hot, sticky beaming some of the time, torrential rain, rain please don't go away the rest of the time. I love the rain. I just don't want to sleep in it. A fallen tree, massive, and beautifully tragic, dying alone out here, left only among its tree friends. "Well that's not creepy at all." On the other side of the tree lives a car, rusty, and old. It too has become a part of the earth it sits upon. "Who doesn't come back for their car?" "Dead people." "Okay Jasper, we get it, we're camping in the woods, let the horror ensue." "You don't believe in scary stories?" Edward almost seems to come out of nowhere, except, I knew where he was, who he was looking at, and the moment he began to speak. When he moves, I move, just to learn him a little better, just to get a little closer. "Scary stories yeah, but what are the odds that something gruesome will happen here? Of all places, this town is the total opposite of housing serial killers and boogeymen." "Charlie catches 'em quick." "No shit. Remember last year when that guy hung all those dead dog parts around the outside of his house? Guy was a loon. Charlie shut that shit down pronto. Doesn't get much crazier than that." The chatter has taken him away from me again. The chance of him speaking to me again in the next couple of hours are slim. Edward is definitely the silent type. If you're not talking to him, or directly asking him to speak back with exciting... nay, interesting information on some topic he knows much about, then you're not going to see much out of him in the way of conversation. "How much longer?" "Are we there yet?" "Simmer down newbies, the hike is part of it don't ya know." "Em, can you carry me?" "No way, he's my monkey man." Rose jumps on his back, almost toppling him over, the bags he was carrying now on the floor left behind. Jasper follows suit, and begins to chase Alice. His floppy blonde hair behind his ears, biggest grin I've ever seen. His face is always kind of like that, dial permanently stuck at euphoria. Alice squeals, and loses a shoe trying to kick her way through the longer than usual grass. "She borrowed those from me, and they're a size too big for her baby feet." He doesn't say anything back, because why would he, and just kinda smiles. "Would it be weird if I said I've really been looking forward to camping with you?" And when he does speak, it's perfect. My stomach is in my shoes, my perfectly fitted boots, old and worn but still completely wear worthy. He's smiling at me. Not a big smile, or a kind of crazed smile, or the goofy smile of a best friend, but a small smile, a secret smile. It's not obvious, but I see it. And it's all for me. "Definitely weird. But you know, the good kind. Definitely the good kind." His hand through his coat pocket brushes my bare arm. He's reaching out to touch me but through a barrier because he's not quite sure yet? Because this is not the time yet? Because he's careful? His feet are wonky in the grass as he moves closer but not too close. Because, weird? "I realised on the way here that I was excited to talk to you." The sun is in the process of smothering the world with its last shot of light, bright orange tree tops, girls giggling in the background, I am so happy. This is good. This is progress. This is my heart beating drums in my chest. "This place is sort of beautiful actually. Don't you think?" I'm looking and he's looking, his eyes burning brightly something like the sky in the morning. His hand is in his hair, out of his pocket, doing sexy things with wild strands. "I think you're sort of beautiful actually." My face doesn't feel real. My smiling is comically ridiculous at this point I'm sure but I can't feel it so I don't know. I'm beautiful. Edward. Beautiful Edward. I just... chuckle? And begin to feel the world again as my face betrays me, rosy cheeks and all. "Bellaaaaa! Help, ha ha, no, no, noooo, Bellaaa!" Jasper and Emmett are chasing the girls with what looks like a worm on a stick. "My god, let's go rescue 'em, huh?" My water bottle is empty, and my back is sweating but we're finally here. Emmett said stop, so I guess we found the right spot. I don't know what determines the right spot but I trust him, and at this point I have no choice, so I go about sorting the bits and pieces of everything I need to stay hidden from creepy crawlies, and Jasper. I smile to myself because what an obvious thing to think. My silent laughter to myself is probably one of the weird things people think about when they think of me. It's a thing I guess. I like to make myself laugh, doesn't everybody? Evidently not. "Here, I brought extra." Alice hands me four little bottles of vodka that she stole from the supply at the hotel. "I don't want to drink. Why do I always need to explain this to you?" I know I'm trying to have a stern face but her eyes are so big and her heart is so soft I just, fail. I take the vodka. I take the bits and pieces of things I don't know the names of, defeated already. "So... I got what you want, I got what you need..." I say as I walk over to Edward carefully pitching his tent, having finished it by more than halfway already. "Excuse me?" "Strawberry laces, or vodka?" I hold out both, and hope I'm cute enough to get him to do what I want. "Well, I don't drink. Aaand, if I eat after midnight, I turn into a monster so..." "Midnight? It's like seven. We have hours..." To be together. To talk, or maybe hold hands. Or kiss. I could go for some kissing. Kissing Edward. Kissing... "Bella?" "Huh? Yeah? Yes. Seven. Midnight. What?" He does that thing where I know he knows what I'm thinking. And instead of responding to my thoughts, he just, smiles, he just, acknowledges it with his cute boy face, and says nothing. "It's going to take that long for me to put that monstrosity together." "Hey! I'll have you know Charlie's tent is top notch. Or so Jasper says, and well..." "Jasper knows best?" "I don't know. Charlie said the tent was in the shed, so I went to the shed and there the tent was." "An eight man tent?" "No, it's the one he uses when he fishes for the weekend." "Yeah. Eight man." "Why would he need..." "Maybe he's not fishing alone?" "I..." Charlie