A/N: This story is just a short one shot, what if kind of thing that popped into my head one day. I wrote it as more of a writing exercise than as a full story. Quick summary: What would have happened if Edward and Carlisle had attempted to terminate Bella's pregnancy without her consent? Reviews are always welcome, but please no flames! Hopefully now that I'm back into writing mode I can finish up some of my other fics! "Bella, I'm begging you. Please don't do this... don't let yourself die this way." I turned my head at his words, my hand resting against the hard roundness that had quickly begun to protrude from in between my hip bones. "I'm sorry Edward... but..." I gasped slightly as I felt it kick me hard in the side and I knew that a bruise would already be forming. "I can't destroy him. This," I rubbed my belly softly as I spoke, begging him to understand my words, "is our child. It is nothing short of a miracle." A tear began to trickle down my cheek and I saw the panic flash in Edward's eyes but I knew immediately that it was a misplaced concern. "Are you alright? Where does it hurt?" I shook my head sadly, turning to stare out the window, at the splatters of rain that had begun to hit the window. "It hurts here." I placed my hand over my heart, not taking my eyes off the falling drops of water outside. I knew that my words weren't sinking in. His frustrated sigh gave him away and I could see him running his hand through his mess of bronze hair out of the corner of my eye. We had been back in Forks for five days now and we had been having this debate regularly, both of us pleading with the other to give in... and to understand the others' side. I was getting tired of the fighting and while I knew that he was right, that I was risking my life. I couldn't just give in to what they all kept trying to convince me to do; I couldn't destroy this piece of me, this little person that was both a part of me... and a part of him. I wiped another tear from my cheek as I thought about the reactions from the rest of the family when we had first returned, the hurt and betrayal that I had felt when nearly every one of them had taken their turn trying to talk to me... to talk me out of carrying the pregnancy. Only one single member of the family had sided with me, had supported my decision and while she didn't do so lightly – ensuring that I fully understood the risk that I was taking – she didn't waver from her position by my side. Esme. My second mother. How could I not think of her as such when she had protected me against everyone else, stayed by my side almost constantly and lovingly reassured me? As usual, our argument ended in silence, my head sinking back against the plush cushions on the couch, my arms wrapping around my torso as the darkness settled in quickly through the rain. I knew that nothing would be solved tonight and as I struggled to keep down the tiny amount of food that I had ingested, I realized sadly that our honeymoon was officially over. It felt like I had barely closed my eyes when I felt Edward's cool stone arms pick me up and I automatically curled my body in towards his chest, his scent and his presence settling me as he carried me out of the living room, presumably towards our bedroom upstairs. It was the little gestures like this that I had been constantly on the lookout for over the past few days, things that told me he didn't hate me for choosing this, that no matter how much we fought... he was still my husband. "I'm sure Carlisle. If we don't do it now it will be too late to save Bella... you said it yourself. Listen to her heart." His words were whispered harshly above my head and I knew from somewhere inside my head that they should alarm me. But the calming influence of having him near to me had pushed me to the edge of darkness, the exhaustion confusing my awareness, keeping me trapped in the dreamlike state. But even his presence couldn't hold me in that strange place between sleep and wakefulness for long. "It's alright Bella, go back to sleep." his words were deceptively smooth as my eyes tried to blink open suddenly, the hardness of whatever surface he had placed me on and the abrupt release from his arms forcing me confusedly into wakefulness. But I couldn't stop my eyes from drifting back closed again, my own tiredness betraying my brain's fight. But somehow I still knew that something was going on. This wasn't usual and while my mind was trying to understand, to figure things out; I felt the stinging in my hand, the familiar sensation that caused my body to tremble nervously. My eyes shot back open and as I tried to adjust to the lighting, to look around the room... my fears were confirmed. "What are you doing?" the words were slightly slurred but clear enough that I knew that they could hear me, could understand my question. I couldn't take my eyes off of my hand where the IV was already inserted, the tape holding it in place and pulling roughly at my skin as I moved it. "Edward no! Don't do this!" I could feel the tears stinging my cheeks again and I tried to pull at the IV, but Edward placed his hand over mine to stop me, my eyes finding his and staring up at him in anger. "Just relax Bella. It will all be over soon." As he placed the mask across my mouth and nose I struggled against him, pushing at his hand, knowing that it was pointless but trying anyways. It didn't matter, I pressed against his hold, my hands bruising as I held my breath until my body betrayed me, pulling in the tainted air, my senses darkening quickly after that. "I'm sorry Bella... but we're doing this to save you. We have no choice... we have to get rid of this thing... we have to..." The darkness closed in despite my struggle to stay awake, to keep fighting for my child. And while the darkness held me down, I knew that they were violating me in a way that I would never forgive... could never forgive. The searing pain in my abdomen was the first sign that I was coming back around, my other senses picking up and alerting me to the quiet in the room, the cold emptiness that I felt as my memories rushed instantly back at me. Groaning loudly in pain I opened my eyes carefully, looking up into the dim lighting of our room and I felt my stomach lurch in disgust, in hatred, in pain. Already knowing the answer, I struggled to move my arms, to feel around for the hard mass that before I had been brought up here had been home to my child. But it was no longer there, a searing pain shooting out as I touched the spot where I knew they had cut me open to take him from me. "How are you feeling Bella?" Edward's face appeared just inches away from my own and I cringed back as his icy hand reached up and tucked my hair back behind my ear and away from my face. "What did you do?" My voice cracked weakly, but there was still venom in my words as I reached my own hand up and pushed his away from me. He didn't fight me this time and I could see the black and blue bruises on my own hand from where I had fought him before. "I'm sorry Bella... we had no choice. She was killing you." His expression looked pained, almost regretful but I couldn't feel anything but anger towards him, my heart already aching at his admission as I digested his words. She. It had been a girl. They had taken my daughter from me. "What did you do?" I managed to choke out again, images of a tiny baby girl flooding my mind at his words. "She's alright Bella. She's strong... a fighter... and she's perfect." His face changed instantly to one of wonder, his words lighter as he spoke about her, about my daughter. About the child he had tried to murder. It wasn't just any child though. It was my child – his child – our child. I felt the grief shattering me from the inside and his promises that she was alright did nothing to relieve it. My body was aching as I felt the first sobs begin to consume me, the trembling in my body beyond my control and doing nothing to help with the pain that I was already in. "Bella..." I couldn't even look at him, the devastation was overwhelming and I wanted nothing more than to get away from here... from them... from this nightmare. "I'm sorry I wasn't here to stop them Bella. If I had been here I never would have let them... But here... look at her, he's right. She is strong. She is perfect." Esme's soft voice floated in from the doorway and I turned my head to look at her, to see a tiny pink bundle cradled protectively in the crook of her arm. "Get out Edward." The tears were steady but my voice was stronger as I focused on the woman on the other side of the room and it didn't crack this time. Esme moved several steps further into the room and Edward looked back at me, his face torn as he stayed seated on the edge of the bed. "I said leave. Please... just get away from me." I begged him softly, the tears in my eyes beginning to fall harder, clouding my vision. I was tired and confused and I wanted him to leave and I wanted to see if she was telling me the truth. Was my baby really alright? Letting out a deep sigh I felt the bed shift as he stood up and then paused, staring down at me before turning and moving slowly towards the door. "Get away from her!" I screamed as loudly as I could while I tried unsuccessfully to sit up against the searing pain in my abdomen when he paused where Esme was standing and bent down, softly planting a kiss on the tiny baby who whimpered softly before Esme gave him a scolding look and pulled back from him. "I am sorry Bella." he apologized again and then he was gone, the door closing softly behind him as he left the room. Esme coming closer slowly until she was sitting in the very spot Edward had been only a moment beforehand. "She's... she's really okay?" I took a deep breath to try and collect myself as I struggled to shift, to see beyond the pink blanket in her arms. "She's absolutely fine... tiny... but she's tough." The tears flowed even faster down my cheek when Esme shifted and lowered her arm, meeting mine as she passed me my daughter for the first time and I saw her tiny face looking up into my own. I was immediately lost to my child as I inspected her thoroughly, memorizing each and every precious feature, unwrapping the blanket and counting each of her fingers and toes, admiring the tuft of bronze hair on the top of her head. But as much as I could see her in my arms, her chest rising and falling, and her breaths even and steady – I was still having