Hello, peeps. I am GiftedGal, but you can call me GG. I LOVE the Percy Jackson series, and my favorite character is Nico di Angelo, and I love, love, love, love, love, love, LOVE Nico. If you don't like him, then get out. Just kidding, you can stay, but I don't know why you don't like him. If it's because he has a crush on a guy, and you have a problem with that, that's your business. I just don't have a problem with it. If you do, that is your opinion. If I want your opinion, I'll ask for it. I am, however, making him like both genders for story purposes. (THALICO!) Well now that's out of the way, let's draw a name from the Box of Doom to see who will do the disclaimer. *reaches into box* and the winner is… drumroll… Leo Valdez! Leo: Oh yeah! I'm awesome! I'm awesome! Will you just do the disclaimer already? Ok, jeez. Will you join Team Leo if I do? I'm already in Team Leo, but- Yes! If you don't I'll leave the team. Ok, ok… GiftedGal does not own anything. Just her OC. Thank you. THE DAM FIRST CHAPTER The seven, Nico, the Stolls, Katie, Thalia, and Reyna were sitting at the campfire with the rest of Camp Half-Blood, laughing and talking and having an all-around good time. Even Reyna and Nico were smiling, which probably made people suspect the world was coming to an end. The fire was bright, the flames dancing high in the air, casting everything in a warm glow. It was a perfect night. That was, until they got a surprise visitor. The shadows twisted and swirled, seeming to grow. The fire dimmed. Some of the newer demigods screamed. Out of the darkest shadows, a hooded figure of a man appeared. Some of the demigods went for their weapons, but the loud, booming voice of the man stopped them in their tracks. "Lay down your arms! If I wanted to kill you," the man pulled back his hood, "you would have all already joined me in the Underworld." Chiron stepped forward and bowed. "Lord Hades." He called so that all the half-bloods would know who this man was. "To what do we owe the honor of your visit?" "Where is my son? I have someone he should meet." Before Chiron could respond, Nico stepped forward, bowing his head. "Hello, Father." The lord of the dead gave his son an almost-smile. "Hello, Nico." "You said you had someone for me to meet, Father. May I ask who?" Nico asked formally, hiding his curiosity. Who could be so important that his godly father had to introduce them to him personally? "Why don't you ask her yourself?" with that, Hades moved aside, and a young girl materialized out of the shadows. As she walked slowly into the firelight, a few people gasped. This girl looked like Nico turned female, with a few small differences. She wore a V-neck made of a silvery material and a black leather jacket. Her skirt went to her mid-thighs and was paired with black tights and a silver belt. The outfit was completed with leather boots that cut off a few inches before her knees. Her long, ebony hair was the same shade as Nico's, except for a white streak in the very front on the left side. Her skin was an olive color, just like Nico's used to be, before Bianca's death. Before Tartarus. Her lips were the same shape; her top lip painted silver and the bottom black. The girl and the son of Hades were the exact same height. But her eyes, her eyes were what caught everyone's attention. Lined with kohl, they were dark, dark brown, and deep as the sea. Most of all, though, they had the same shattered-glass look as Nico's, but not quite as broken. She smiled slightly at the son of Hades, but it didn't reach her sad eyes. "Hey, Casper." She said, stopping a couple yards away from him. Nico's expressionless face morphed into a slight frown. "My name isn't Casper. It's Nico." He said. The girl sighed and looked at the ground. "I know." She looked back up at him. "You really don't remember me?" Nico shook his head, and she returned her gaze to her feet. "I told you he would not, child." Hades said, not unkindly. The girl turned to look at him. If her eyes had looked sad before, now they looked downright miserable. The glass had shattered. "I know, but I couldn't quite believe it. I couldn't believe he'd forget me." her voice shook ever so slightly. "Remember, it is not his fault. You mustn't blame him." The lord of the dead said. "I know. I don't, but it's hard." She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. A tear streaked down her cheek and she wiped it away quickly. Hades gestured for her to come to him. She walked sullenly over to the god and stood in front of him, a few feet away. He reached out a hand and lifted her chin, gently making her look at him. "Do you have your stuff?" he asked, releasing her chin. She nodded and reached into a shadow, pulling out a black duffle bag and slinging it over her shoulder. "Must I stay?" she asked quietly. "Can I not return to the Underworld with you?" Hades shook his head. To the dismay of all the demigods present, who were watching the exchange with wide-eyed confusion, the Lord of the underworld seemed sad. "I am afraid not, child. It is time you left the darkness. It is time you lived among other children." "I guess you're right." The girl sighed. The god of the dead smiled slightly and pulled a small package from his black robes, handing it to the girl. "Here. Your mother wanted you to have it." The girl's eyes widened and looked at the package like it might break any second. She carefully pried of the lid and peered inside. She smiled, a real smile that lit up the area around her and put Apollo's sun chariot to shame. "It's beautiful…" she whispered. She looked up at Hades, beaming. "I love it!" To everyone's shock, the girl threw her arms around the god of the dead, giving him a hug, and to everyone's total amazement, Hades, Lord of the Dead and king of the Underworld, returned the hug. "I must go now." Hades said. Then, he released the girl and looked from her to Nico, who had been standing in the same spot the whole time, watching with confusion. "Look after each other." There was a hint of concern in his voice. The girl smiled, but the sad look was back in her eyes, but not quite as bad as it was earlier. "Don't worry, Dad." She said. "I'll keep Casper out of trouble." At the word 'Dad' everyone's eyes widened. Some things made sense now, like the way the two spoke to each other and her uncanny resemblance to Nico…but not Hazel. Why was that? Nico was the most shocked of everyone. Why hadn't he been told about this girl? Why did she look so much like him? Hazel didn't. Why did this girl talk to him like they had known each other for years? Why were they talking about him forgetting her? He'd never met her before…had he? Hades gave his faint, almost-smile again and faded into the shadows. The girl sighed and looked at the ground for a moment before reaching into her bag, putting the package inside, and pulling out a sealed letter. She turned around to face all the half-bloods staring at her, looking at them curiously. When her gaze landed on Nico, the broken-glass look came back full force. "Long time, no see, Casper." She said sadly as she walked past him towards Chiron, letter in her hand. He walked after her. "Why do you call me Casper?" He tried to sound irritated, but failed, sounding curious. The girl winced as if he had hit her. "Casper the friendly Ghost." She said, trying to smile. "You remember that movie, don't you? You were so excited to see it. It was your favorite. Ever since then, I called you Casper. It was only Nico when I was upset or angry. That was how you always knew." Before he could ask her anymore, Hazel stood up, looking at the girl with wide eyes. "Nacrissa?" Hazel asked. The girl followed the voice to where the daughter of Pluto was standing, and her eyes lit up, the sadness fading, giving way to excitement. "Hazel?" she asked incredulously. Hazel squealed and ran over, wrapping the girl, Nacrissa, in a hug. "Crissy!" She cried, and then pulled away, giving the new girl the once-over. "You've grown!" Nacrissa smiled her radiant smile again. "On the other hand, you haven't changed a bit!" she poked Hazel in the arm playfully. "Actually you have. You're much more solid and less ghost-like." "Hilarious." She said, trying not to laugh. "It totally is." Nacrissa laughed. It was a sweet, child-like laugh that did not sound like it should belong to a daughter of Hades, with her dark attire and make-up. The group of demigods Hazel and Nico had been sitting with looked at her strangely. Nacrissa turned her gaze to them. "Hazel, you are going to introduce me to your friends…right after I give this letter to Chiron." She started to walk away but turned around at the last second, eyes locked on Frank. "Oh, and you, Hazel's boyfriend, what's your name?" "F-Frank." He stuttered, taken aback. How did she know he was Hazel's boyfriend? "OK, Frank, be good to my best friend/half-sister or I will kick you're demi-godly but to the fields of punishment, capire?" she paused then added. "That's Italian for 'Understand?'" Frank nodded, and Nacrissa grinned. "Ok, now that's out of the way, what to call you? Frank…Hazel…Oh, I got it! Frazel! Oh, yes, that's adorable!" she clapped her hands together. "Anyway, I got to go. Ciya, Casper. Bye, Frazel." With that, she walked away, heading for Chiron, who was waiting for her. The group of half-bloods stared after the odd daughter of Hades. "Well…that was weird." Annabeth noted. "She's weird." Leo said. Hazel frowned. "Hey, be nice. Ok, yes, she is a bit odd, but she's been my best friend since I…died." She said, hesitating slightly before continuing. "Plus, she's been through a lot. Her mother was killed and her two siblings had to forget she ever existed. She was raised in the Underworld; her timeline had to be majorly slowed down to stop her from getting old without her siblings. She had to watch her sister die and not be able to do a thing to help. She watched every single second of her brother suffering in Tartarus. It tore her apart not being able to do anything, but she forced herself to watch everything, to make sure he stayed alive. When he reached Hermes' altar, she snuck into camp and sent supplies. It nearly killed her." She sighed. "And I wasn't there to help." By now, all her friends were staring at her in stunned silence. Annabeth was the first one to speak. "If all that's true-" "It is. 100%." Hazel interrupted. "Yes, ok, then that means…" she turned her gaze to Nico, who was staring at the ground. "Oh, gods." Nico realized what she was getting at and he looked at her in alarm. "No way. It's not possible." That was when Chiron decided to make his announcement. "Campers!" He yelled above the voices of the demigods, causing them to fall silent and turn towards Chiron, curiosity written on their faces. "We have a new demigod joining us. I would like you to welcome the newest addition to our family, the daughter of Hades, Nacrissa di Angelo!" §§§§§§§§§§ The campers welcomed her with a round