FULL SUMMARY: You know that saying: Everything happens for a reason? What if it were true? By all rights, Lilianna Howard (Lily) should be dead by now - multiple times over, if truth be told. Yet she's still here. And it's all because of them . Had it not been for His curiosity, she wouldn't have this damned secret - the one that's kept her on the run for years ... Forced to relocate to small-town Washington, Lily finds herself drawn to Edward - the youngest member of the mysterious, aloof Cullen family. But everything is about to change because she isn't the only one with a secret ... You know that saying: Curiosity killed the cat ...? A/N: I'll be the first to admit that I'm one of those awful, horrible people who doesn't like the character Bella Swan. It's not that she's badly written or wholly un-relatable - quite the opposite. It's just that I'm a mid-twenties, fiercely independent woman who tends toward the more logic-oriented side of the spectrum - often to my own detriment. As such, I've always wondered what it would have been like to have a main character who was not quite so naïve as Bella. Hence this story. I've replaced Bella with a character of my own creation (Lilianna Howard). This story will follow the main plotline of Twilight but through the eyes of someone who has seen far too much and can't rightly be taken for anybody's fool. DISCLAIMER: First and foremost, I would like to EMPHASIZE that I DO NOT own Twilight - Stephenie Meyer does. Secondly, this fan fiction was written purely for the purpose of entertainment and will not be used for monetary profit. Lastly, I am all for constructive criticism. However, if you're just here to comment on how much you HATE Twilight or that I'm an awful person for replacing Bella, please don't bother. A/N (Cont.): All translations for non-English portions of the chapter will be included in the Author's Note (A/N) at the end of the chapter (Thanks Serendipity10!) Chapter 1: Absently, I stared through the tinted window of the car. Despite the beauty of the lush green landscape racing by, I didn't see it. My mind was elsewhere, in another time and place. All I saw were the faces. Faces of people I had known … some who I had loved. As each flickering image played out before me, my internal dialog sharpened into clarity. It was just my luck. I'd been happily adjusted and settled into my new home in LA, something I hadn't been able to do for years. I'd been comfortable; that was the problem. My life had never gone smoothly. Turbulent was an understatement. Hell on Earth wasn't much of a stretch at times. One would think that I'd be used to, even expecting, the inevitable fallout … but I never was. I was a classic dreamer. Lost in my own thoughts and hoping for the best despite the painfully recurring pattern. "How you holdin' up, kid?" His grisly voice broke through my reverie, bringing me back to the real-world. I wanted to scoff at his endearment. Kid? I was old enough to be his grandmother … well age-wise, at least. Physically was another story all together. I hadn't aged in nearly a century. Not since …. I shrugged and absentmindedly rubbed my fingers over the raised crescent scars on my left wrist. I didn't need to get onto that train of thought right now. It would be a bad idea. I heard him sigh heavily and grip the steering wheel a little tighter. " Poor kid. Twice in less than five years." The sudden words shocked me and I let out a soft gasp. I turned toward him with a guarded look. He met my stare for a brief moment then returned his eyes to the road. It took me a long second to understand that he hadn't actually spoken. I quickly turned my face back to the window, hoping that he hadn't seen the widening of my eyes. That hadn't happened to me in a very, very long time. In fact, the last time I could remember having heard someone's thoughts had been over forty years ago … in Italy. I closed my eyes and quickly focused my mind elsewhere. I really couldn't afford to think about that . It was dangerous and not just because of the ensuing depression but because of the pain. I took a deep calming breath and let it out slowly. When I finally opened my eyes again, the faces were back but they weren't ones I wanted to see. I shook my head slightly from side to side trying to clear it. I couldn't totally erase the memories, but I could manage them, force them into the drawer in the back of my head and lock it up again. It was the sound of Jason's exasperated sigh that turned the tide of my mental battle, allowing me to shut the drawer and return to the present. For two days, we'd been stuck in the coupe of my father's Porsche on the long scenic drive to rainy depressing Washington. It wouldn't have been so bad if the circumstances hadn't been what they were. I was moving … again. That didn't bother me. I was used to constantly changing locales. When you didn't age, staying in one place for an extended period of time was a bad idea. People noticed. No, the move wasn't what was bothering me. It was the return of my luck . For most of the last half-century, I had managed to avoid speculation and detection by intermittently posing as a teenage foster child. It was a fairly simple act to keep up, since most people didn't get too attached to me, and I could run off to college and 'lose touch' within a few years after I left their care. It allowed me some freedom as well. College was definitely preferable to high school, but it did tend to cost a lot more. And it was rather a pain to forge high school transcripts every five years or so. Every plan has a downside, though. Occasionally, a family would adopt me. It was harder, when that happened. It meant I had let down my guard and gotten attached, which was a bad thing. Especially since everyone died eventually. Everyone but me …. Besides, it was harder to just disappear and restart the ruse, when there would be people looking for you. Stephenie and Alexander Howard had lived in sunny Los Angeles, just two blocks from the beach. He was a plastic surgeon, she was a homemaker. They both were avid philanthropists. They had no children of their own. Instead, they acted as foster parents for troubled teens. That was how they met me. I'd been placed in their care shortly after being processed. I was pretending to be fourteen. They were told I was a runaway. The first time I laid eyes on Stephenie, I knew I was in trouble. I didn't have a choice but to become attached. Everything about her, from her face to her smooth low voice brought back floods of memories. Memories of someone from long ago. Someone I'd loved and lost. Lost in the most devastating way I could imagine – because of me. My aunt – my real aunt. I was with the Howards for less than a year, when they decided to adopt me. Despite how happy I was, I knew, somewhere deep down, that I was getting in too deep. I knew that getting so close was going to cause much greater pain in the end, when I had to leave. I'd pictured that end many times in the last year. I'd been with the Howards for just under three years now. I knew from experience that I could only fake being normal for about five years. After that, they noticed that I wasn't aging. And, by the time they realized that, it was past time for me to disappear and start the cycle all over again. The end I'd been picturing was going to be hard on them. I'd reluctantly been setting the stage and collecting the props for six months. Alex was a car collector. Sports cars, specifically – fast ones. I decided that a car accident would be the most reasonable and thorough end I could provide. So, I bonded with Alex over cars. I liked cars. I didn't necessarily know much about them, but I loved driving fast. Three months ago, I'd managed to talk Alex into buying a Porsche. This was the car I was going to use to stage my accident . That was the plan. I could never have foreseen that it wouldn't be necessary …. Two weeks ago Alex and Stephenie had decided to go test drive a Mercedes. Alex was thinking of trading in his for a newer model. That morning was one of the few times I decided to sleep in instead of going with them. I remember being a little worried, when they didn't make it home for lunch. It wasn't like them to be gone so long without calling me. I ignored the nagging feeling in the pit of my stomach telling me that something was wrong. When the doorbell rang, I was a little excited. When Alex had brought home the Porsche, he had rung the bell to get me to the door so I could see the new car in the drive. I assumed that this meant he had gone ahead and upgraded his car. However, I was instantly confused and cautious when I opened the door and saw two police officers. My parents had been driving south along the Pacific Coast Highway enjoying the mild January weather. A driver going north suffered a heart attack and lost control of his car, which collided head-on with their Mercedes. Both vehicles had been going over sixty miles an hour. No one survived to make it to the hospital. Their funeral had been a week ago. I vaguely remembered it. The shock of losing them instead of the other way around had sent me into depression. I wasn't used to losing people. I was always the lost, never the loser. I was trapped in my own mind long enough to miss nearly everything that happened afterward. Their lawyer took care of most of the arrangements. I was named as their sole heir. Their possessions were sold with the proceeds placed into a trust fund for me. I'm not entirely certain why, but I'd insisted on keeping the Porsche. Something about it made me feel connected to them. It hadn't taken much more than an emotional breakdown in the lawyer's office for my demand to be met. Now, the Porsche and I were off to our new home. Forks, Washington. Alex had grown up in the tiny Olympic Peninsula town. His older sister, Julia Howard, still lived there. She'd been named as my guardian, per the will. In all honesty, I wasn't certain that I would even bother staying there. It was probably a good idea to cut ties with this family now. Before I had the chance to get attached to another member …. "Did you hear me, Lily?" His voice, louder than normal, startled me. I hadn't. In fact, I only just realized that we were stopped. I had been remembering. Shaking my head, I quickly looked out the windows to see where we were. A gas station. "We're here." He was standing outside the car, leaning down to peer in at me through the open door. I suppressed the grimace that wanted to come to my face. Jason had been Alex's best friend in LA. When I'd insisted on keeping the Porsche and driving it myself to Forks, he'd offered to accompany me. Julia wasn't very good at long car trips, apparently. So, when it was clear I