TITLE: A Strange Kind of Loathing ... Summary: Enemies by day, lovers by night- Katniss Everdeen will need more than berries to win this game. Dedicated to: aimmyarrowshigh Warning: M for Language, Dark Themes and Sexual Content Type: One-Shot, Prompt-fic, Song-fic Pairing: Katniss Everdeen/Peeta Mellark DISCLAIMER: All characters and settings belong to Suzanne Collins. If the Hunger Games belonged to me, it'd be a mess. I own only the plot. Copyrighted 2012 WhereBrokenHeartsLie "Sex is the consolation when you can't have love," - Gabriel Garcia Marquez TITLE: A Strange Kind of Loathing ... Summary: Enemies by day, lovers by night- Katniss Everdeen will need more than berries to win this game. Dedicated to: aimmyarrowshigh Warning: M for Language, Dark Themes and Sexual Content Type: One-Shot, Prompt-fic, Song-fic Pairing: Katniss Everdeen/Peeta Mellark DISCLAIMER: All characters and settings belong to Suzanne Collins. If the Hunger Games belonged to me, it'd be a mess. I own only the plot. Copyrighted NO PROFIT WAS MADE FROM THIS STORY. 2012 WhereBrokenHeartsLie "Sex is the consolation when you can't have love," - Gabriel Garcia Marquez It's only a matter of time before she deteoriates into herself, folding away like a ripple in the sea and turning to the darkness in search for the light. It's bewildering sometimes, to look at Katniss Everdeen and believe that she did incite a rebellion in a nation suppressed by cruelty and things unquestionable. She's not the same anymore, but who would be? She's lost her sister, her friend Rue, her friend Finnick, her designer Cinna...but above all, she's lost her fire. It's the only thing that people seem to answer the questions with. When the reporters come, or the fans, or the curious, they're told that she doesn't want to see them, that she's lost her fire. They have questions in their eyes and paper in their hands, but no understanding in their hearts so they see her anyway. She doesn't say anything to them. Sits there, dolled up and closed down with dead eyes and a hollow soul. They click photos (for their children, for the future, for the albums) and offer her some weird comfort that they don't seem to understand themselves. They look at her gaunt face, her pale skin (no longer olive, or shining,), her lifeless eyes and her unruly hair and wonder where the Girl on Fire is gone. Haymitch sits a mile away, on a chair, stiff and drunk as the people come and go in silence, or in tears, or even in smiles. She doesn't say anything- stares ahead the primroses growing out in the Meadow and thinks about ashes. Haymitch does try and talk to her- he really does but when he notices that she's unwilling to break, he caves in and spends his time drinking away the Games and her, because frankly, she's become this shell of nothingness and he's not sure if he can handle the emptiness sober. He dresses in old bow-ties and coats and smells like Buttercup (who likes reclining in his lap.) Sometimes she looks at the damned cat and tilts her head and her lips part and Haymitch thinks she'll say something. Only she doesn't. Turns away and looks out to the Meadow. Greasy Sae comes along with her granddaughter and squirrel casserole and Haymitch wonders who is hunting for her now. Katniss sits at the table, poker-faced and chews her food slowly, the servings decreasing in amount daily. He watches her die a little every day and wonders if she'll ever come back to life. Katniss likes things simple, like her Reaping dress (the colour of faded skies) or the primroses out in the Meadow (the yellow in Prim's hair) or even some of the paintings Peeta had once made- she keeps Rue's on the mantelpiece and looks at it for days. She likes her food simple- beef casserole and water. She likes her hair simple- tied at the nape of her neck neatly. She likes her clothes simple- cotton shirts and thick trousers. She likes her life simple- no words, no regrets and above all of it, no memories. The monotony of their lives doesn't hurt their bleeding hearts, or their stupid minds as Katniss and Haymitch go on living in a world of shadows and ash. It all changes when Peeta Mellark comes back to District Twelve. The train pulls into the station with a huff and he looks out at the sea of unknown faces waiting for him with cameras and notepads and bouquets and wonders how it got to be this way. His lips pull into a cruel smirk for a moment before he slips back into his easy-going smile. wasn't sure if it were right to send him back but Peeta knows that Haymitch convinced the Doctor somehow and now he's back. Back to the ashes, the Hob and all the broken memories that shine and fade in his mind like old photographs. Some tint at the edges and some fold in in the middle and he forgets how hard it can be to remember. He steps off the train and the roar in the crowd is deafening. The hand goes up and the cheers strengthen in volume and he smiles lazily at the young girls, at the middle-aged mothers and the white-haired grandmothers. His charm works all the time. The station smells of grease and old times. The cameras flash on and off and he blinks wearily as he glances around for Haymitch. The old drunk will be here, somewhere, and as Peeta's eyes search the people, he finds Greasy Sae. The woman waves to him and nods as if to tell him to follow her. So he obeys. The reporters surround him but he's charming and dazzling and he tells them whatever they need to know to tell the Capitol and their editors. "How is it being back here, ?" "Does it feel nostalgic or just bittersweet?" "Do you see Katniss Everdeen anywhere? What do you have to say to her?" "Does this compare to the Capitol?" "Will you be happy?" "What does say about your treatment?" "Are you feeling OK?" He finds Greasy Sae easily and glances curiously at her granddaughter. She's a pretty girl with the Seam eyes and thick, golden hair. She gives a tentative smile before sidling away. He follows the two with eagerness, partly because he needs to see the rest of the District and partly because he needs to get away from all these people (who part when he comes their way.). Some thrust bouquets, or cards, while others throw kisses and flirtatious comments his way, winking coyly or smiling shyly. He doesn't bother much- he's got to find his way out of this hell-hole before he start vommitting or loses control and shouts at them. The cruel smirk fixes itself on his face as he thinks about a certain girl with fiery, grey eyes and dark, silken hair. But it's gone swiftly and he's walking away from the crowd, the sweat and the cameras with Greasy Sae tottering ahead. He follows them, cerulean eyes taking in the ashes, the blackened buildings and the dull people. What a place. The Capitol is colour- District Twelve is grey. And not a beautiful, shining, bright grey. No, it's a deadened, flat, ugly grey. The bodies are a few (the nameless who have no one left to collect them.) as they hide behind dumpsters and cheap replacements for houses (tents.). He looks at the misery with fascination, shocked by how disgustingly sad this place has become. He passes the bakery and Greasy Sae asks him if wants to stop and look around. He snorts unintentionally, drawing an incredulous look from the older woman and says that his old life is gone and there is no point dwelling in the yesterday. She shrugs (still a little shocked.) and leads him on, her granddaughter regarding him with a curious, pitying gaze. The Victor's Village is still pristine, as if some kind of bubble guarded it from the destruction that fell around the District. He regards the houses with grim satisfaction and notes the Meadow beyond, yellow and pink. Something nervous flutters in his abdomen and he dismisses it instantly. It's not worth even analyzing. He follows Greasy Sae and her powder-white hair towards a house he knows is not his own because there's clothes out in the front yard and there's primroses lying here and there as if someone went around ripping them from the Meadow and throwing them here. He wonders how she will be and again the nervous flutter comes back (he dismisses it because stomachs don't flutter, no. They twist and turn, but never, ever flutter.) There's a loud voice coming from the house and he recognizes Haymitch. His escorts will bring up his belongings (little and scarce, but still his.) to his house and his prep team might come along to pep him up for a few interviews. He runs a hand through his hair, ignores the gnawing at his stomach and pastes a good-natured smile on his handsome face, curious and afraid. They're sitting in the dining room (a small, cozy room), at the table, steaming meat in their plates and cups in their hands. The stench of liquor is loud and the presence of the Girl on Fire is small. "I told you not to drink...it's bad for your health," Greasy Sae scolds him and makes a grab for the bottle but Haymitch's reflexes give him the upper hand and he's pulled back effortlessly. The drunk hasn't changed, Peeta notices. He's unshaven and unkempt, but he's still got those piercing eyes and the bitter look full of sarcasm and loathing. He's wearing an untucked, un-ironed shirt and loose trousers and his hair mess around with his forehead. He's chewing the meat and there's a piece of golden bread by his plate. Peeta doesn't look to her just yet...instead, he focuses on his Mentor. Haymitch ignores Sae, and looks right back at Peeta with inquisitive eyes. "So you're back, huh?" he finally says coldly, his voice venomous and impersonal. Haymitch sniffs and chews the morsel of squirrel before continuing, "Glad to see you're fine and completely safe. Thought you'd lost a couple of limbs or something while you were there...but Snow kept you well. Also, good to know you're sane enough to be sent back. I'm going to tell-" "Look, Haymitch, I know you may not be happy about seeing me but at least you could pretend," Peeta snaps defensively and casts a derisive look towards Greasy Sae. He can feel her eyes (lifeless as they may be,) piercing his skin and embedding themselves into his bones, hot and cold. He ignores them. "I'm done pretending," Haymitch retorts coldly and gets up, his chair catapulting into the floor. He makes as if to move and Peeta's in his way in a blink, taller by an inch and less intimidating because of his sheepish expression. Greasy Sae's stroking her granddaughter's head and the Girl on Fire watches on with her hooded eyes, lost and broken. "Look, Haymitch," Peeta expels a shuddering breath and feels the nervous twinge again, refusing to look at the girl who's done him over so many times. "This is...hard for me, too, OK? After the Quell, they messed me up and I can't remember thing properly. Some memories, they shine and others, they fade and I can't tell what really happened and what didn't . They've fed me lies and fed me the truth and they've told me about her..." He trails off and shuts his eyes momentarily, breathing heavily and takes in a deep breath before continuing. "It would be easier...if you just helped me out, OK?" he asks quietly and steps back, warding off any cruel blows with a protective hand across his chest. Haymitch looks at him carefully, weighing, measuring and calculating. For a moment, the Boy with the Bread is sure that he will not