A Daydream Detour Summary : Set in Hermione's sixth year, this began as a one shot that grew into a story. It's set directly following this exchange between Hermione and Fred in WWW in chapter six of HBP: "You know," said Hermione, looking up at Harry, "that really is extraordinary magic!" "For that, Hermione," said a voice behind them, "You can have one for free." Enjoy (Pairings: HG/FW/GW). Disclaimer : The characters of the Harry Potter Universe are the property of J.K. Rowling and Scholastic. All canon characters, plots, quotes and situations are not owned by me and I make no profit from this story. Rating warning : Rated M for scenes of a potentially explicit sexual nature 0-xxx-000-xxx-0 Chapter 1 Hermione looked around the busy shop - a bit flustered and taken aback at how much she wanted to buy one of the 'Patented Daydream Charms'. She knew if she did, however; that both Ron and Harry would take the piss if they found out, relentlessly teasing her for days. Something she was keen to avoid. Glancing around surreptitiously, she saw neither of the boys, nor any of the red-headed family anywhere near or paying any attention to her, so, acting on her desires and the rare unobserved moment, she quickly took a box up to the front where Fred was manning the till after he'd finished giving Harry a tour of the shop. "Well hello there Granger, fancy seeing you again so soon." Fred drawled charmingly, looking down at her purchase. "I'm delighted you've decided to try this product out - you won't be disappointed," He flashed her a grin as he rang her up, adding another box to the pile. "Here's the free one I promised, in thanks for your high praise earlier. The total for the first charm, my lovely, is 1 galleon, 14 sickles." Hermione rolled her eyes at Fred's flirting, handing over the money. The twins were always in high spirits regardless of whom they were speaking to, and as such she never let herself get worked up or drawn in by their teasing or flirtatious comments. No matter how attractive they were, she just couldn't take their attentions seriously. "My my, is prefect Granger buying one of our products? Has she finally been ensnared in our web of mischief and mayhem? Be still my heart Fred – this may just be, one of the happiest days of my life." said George dramatically, clasping a hand to his chest as he sidled up beside her. "Oh hush, you," She grinned at George's enthusiasm and humour, just as Fred leaned across the counter, moving his head close to hers. George followed his twin's lead, leaning his head down towards hers as well. Fred lowered his voice conspiratorially and murmured in her ear, almost brushing her lobe with his lips, "You know, Hermione …We don't do this for just anyone, but, seeing as it's for you…" "And that we would rather retain you as a happy customer, than see you be uncomfortable or teased mercilessly by those two prats you call friends," George continued in similar gravely tones in her other ear, his nearness almost, if not closer, than Fred. She lifted an eyebrow when he gave a nod towards the area Harry and Ron were standing towards the rear of the shop. "We can transfigure these boxes to look like some benign swotty product from another store you frequent instead, using bland beige wrapping so Harry and Ron are none the wiser. Would that be...preferable?" Fred finished, pulling away to look at her face, to gauge her reaction – she assumed – to their offer of discretion. "That would be brilliant! Thank you!" Hermione replied, slightly breather than she meant to. Their proximity and the timber of their voices had sent unexpected tingles down her spine. She was thrilled and a little touched that they were offering to make things easier on her; not exploit her possible discomfort for their amusement. Sometimes the twins surprised her with their insight, and how they could make her feel unique or appreciated at random moments. At others, their behaviour infuriated her to the point her hair would appear to stand on end with the embodied friction of her rage. "Here you are Ms. Granger, one bland beige what-not. We do hope this meets your expectations, and would delight in hearing your review of our product." Fred waggled his eyebrows at her as he handed her the wrapped package, causing her to chuckle, her cheeks heating slightly. "Always an experience, Fred, George." She nodded her head at them, "This time, I must say an enjoyable one. Thank you for your… kindness. I'll let you know what I think once I've used it. It is quite an extraordinary piece of magic… I'm eager to try it out." The twins exchanged a look, one she'd never previously seen on their faces; before drawing back around and near her once more. "A caution, if we may..." George began, halting her as she began to pull away from them. Once again bringing his head closer to hers as he positioned his body in a seemingly nonchalant yet surprisingly protective fashion. "We advertise that use of these charms is virtually undetectable, so that those who wish to can use them in class or detentions." Fred continued. "But, knowing you, we don't see that happening. You would hate to waste the chance of learning something." They all grinned at the truth of that statement. "So we suggest maybe the prefects' bathroom for your first foray – somewhere private and relaxing. Wouldn't want you to suffer any possible ill effects or…. potential embarrassment, depending on how, let's just say – descriptively detailed – your daydream is. Someplace you can be comfortable..." George trailed off, giving her a knowing smile as if he could imagine how thoroughly her brain would rise to the task. "….While you figure out how your brain prefers to manifest your daydreams," Fred finished. Hermione nodded, looking a bit flummoxed at their unsolicited willingness to assist in reducing her risk of embarrassment, and in their apparent appreciation for her brain. Not everyone was so complimentary – in fact unless she was helping someone, most just harped on her about her attention to detail and thorough mind rather than praise or encourage it except for their own benefit. Considering her and the twins history of infuriating each other – her with her rules, them with their aversion to them – she was touched that they seemed to be watching out for her; albeit while supporting her purchase of their wares. Still…. "Erm…Thank you…that is, really quite... insightful…and surprisingly thoughtful." She caught sight of the others, who seemed to be wrapping up their window shopping. "Oh, got to run… I'll speak with you soon." With that, she waved and headed towards where Harry, Ginny and Ron were finishing up pursuing the shelves. "What was that about?" Whispered Ginny, noting her friend's slightly pink cheeks and bright eyes. "Oh, just talking with the twins about some of the charm layering they've used for some of their product developments. It's actually kind of brilliant." Hermione waved off her conversation with the twins, minimizing the importance – at least she attempted to. Ginny didn't seem to buy it, if that glint in her eye was any indication. "Ok... If you say so," Ginny smirked at her friend, though held her tongue, in case the two boys in front listened in on their conversation. "You'll break to me eventually..." She whispered sweetly before the four Gryffindors made their way out of the store to meet up with the Weasley parents. Hermione glanced back in the direction of the till before she exited, and felt a jolt of surprised delight at realizing both twins were in the same spot she'd left them, their eyes fixed upon her, watching her leave. Excitement bubbled in her stomach as both of them caught her eye and winked, before turning away to help other customers. ' Curious ,' she thought to herself, before joining the others to apparate home to the Burrow. 0-xxx-000-xxx-0 The next week flew by, and Hermione found that the WWW package was burning a hole through her trunk. Her fingers itched to use it, if only because of the twins' peculiar actions earlier in the shop. Their package camouflage had worked like a charm – Ron and Harry had taken one look at it and rolled their eyes. " Another book, Hermione? It's not healthy, all this reading – no relaxing. It's like you're building your own library at Hogwarts." Harry shook his head, looking like he wanted nothing to do with this conversation. "Ho Ho," Hermione mumbled, a secret grin dancing over her lips at the thought of what Ron would say if he knew the true identity of the package he was sneering at. Upon arriving at Hogwarts, once the start of terms frantic pace had slowed, Hermione lasted only days after her birthday before she excused herself from the common room where she, Ron and Harry were studying and made her way to the prefects' washroom. Remembering the twins' precautions about her being in a private, comfortable area; Hermione cast a locking charm on the door and a silencing charm on the room so as not to be bothered or interrupted while bathing. She had made the mistake last year of not locking the door - much to her and the male sixth-year Ravenclaw prefect's embarrassment - and she'd walked by enough times when others hadn't silenced the room to know that even a slight whisper could be heard outside these walls. Stripping down, she folded her clothes neatly, placing them beside her book sack on the stone ledge to the right of the door. She took the bland package out of her book sack and opened it. Inside was a single tiny tablet, pink in colour, wrapped in foil with a decorative swirled etch, scrolled around the edging. There was also a printed instruction sheet inside the package, folded neatly in half with the WWW logo on one side. Making her way towards the massive sunken tub – instruction sheet and product in hand – Hermione flicked her wand to turn on her favourite taps. She loved the taps that poured liquids smelling of sandlewood and vanilla, and the one that created different sized bubbles. There was also a tap that infused a serum into the water that left her skin feeling silky smooth and rejuvenated. As she waited for the tub to fill, she sat down on the edge and read the instructions. "Patented Daydream Charm" For those who wish to dwell in dreams, we present to you our latest and greatest "Patented Daydream Charm." One tablet, taken with a full glass of water, will allow you to escape into a blissful surrender for 30 minutes. The boxes cover themes are for those whose imagination need a bit of suggestive prodding, however, ultimately you - our wonderful customer - are in control, and you influence where you wish your subconscious to lead you. At the end of the 30 minutes, you will feel your senses gently awaken to the world around you, with those near none the wiser as to your wandering mind and thoughts.* So please sit back, relax and enjoy your daily reprieve. Hermione, curious as to what the asterix referred to, let her eyes roam over the instruction sheet for the errant text, not wanting to continue reading until she'd found it. She always read the fine print first – that was where most of the important information was often hidden. She finally found it, written in extremely tiny lettering, near the bottom – almost unseen due to the words wrapping around the letters of the WWW logo – easy to miss unless one was purposely looking for them. Reading the footnote, she let out a surprised laugh at their cheek. *