This is just a story I've been thinking of trying out for a while. I'm not sure how people will like it though, but hey it's worth a shot. It's my first story using either Bella or Alice as main characters so it's new territory for me. There will be Lemons in later chapters which is why it is rated M. There will also be mild to strong language in some chapters. "Character speaking" 'Thoughts' ' Jack speaking ' Dream Flashback Summery - Bella has just moved to Forks after her mother and Phil decided to travel around. Bella thought it would be best to stay in one place because of her 'problem.' Her first day of school isn't going as well as she had hoped. Hopefully she will be able to overcome her fear of the creatures that have been surrounding her, and even more importantly her fear of the Cullen's before it is too late. ~*Chapter one*~ Distorted Shadows It had been a long time since I had last seen my father. After my parents split up and I moved out with my mother I had barley seen him. Sure I would visit on holiday's at first but as time went on I stopped going altogether. Because of my little abnormality I tried to stay in one area as much as possible. Traveling back and forth had become more difficult then I could handle. I tried to tell my mother about the problem I had been having but she just looked at me as if I were crazy. "Hey mom, can I ask you something?" I started to play with the sleeve on my sweater. I had been trying to work up the courage to talk to her about a problem I had been having. "Sure sweetie. What is it you want to know?" She walked up to me and put her hands on my shoulders. "Is it normal to see things?" I mumbled, feeling embarrassed. "What do you mean? Is it normal to see what kind of things?" She asked. "Things that you know shouldn't exist. Kind of like weird creatures." I looked up into her eyes and saw nothing but confusion and fear. "No, if someone was seeing those kinds of things then I would recommend getting help." She said slowly. "You're not seeing things are you?" She was officially looking at me like I was insane. "Of course not mom. I was reading something in a book about someone who thought they could see things." I laughed, brushing off the sting of my mothers words. I saw her sigh with relief. "Well then whoever said that needs help." She said laughing as she turned and walked away. I walked out of the house and into the back yard. We weren't rich by any stretch of the imagination but the yard was huge. I walked over to the garden and sat on the bench before putting my head in my hands and quietly sobbing. Maybe I was crazy and maybe I should get help. I didn't want to end up in a nuthouse though. After crying for a good Ten minuets I finally managed to collect myself. I wiped the tears from my eyes and looked up at the now darkening sky. I sighed as I watched a few colorful balls of fire float overhead. There was a blue one, a red one and yellow one. Each of them had eyes and a mouth. As usual I pretended that I couldn't see them. As long as someone is ignorant to their existence they will leave you alone. Once they find out you can see them you are pretty much screwed. I knew that these specific creatures were called Will'o'Wisps. From what I could tell they weren't a violent kind of being. They just seemed to float around, occasionally bumping into eachother. Sometimes I would hear them talking to eachother. The sound was haunting. Their voices seemed to echo right through me. They were however one of the few creatures I wasn't afraid to openly watch. It just looked like I was watching the stars. Watching them almost made me feel relaxed. I just wished all creatures could be as peaceful as they are. When My mom and Phil, her new husband decided to travel around a bit before settling down they had given me the option to move in with my dad. I really had no choice but move in with him. Traveling around a lot would mean seeing tons of new creatures. That would be way too dangerous. I am afraid that I would end up slipping up and making them realize that I can see them. At least if I stay in one area I can get used to the one's that are living here. That would make them easier to ignore. I just wish I couldn't see them at all. Sometimes it felt like I was actually being pulled out of my own reality and into another one. I was afraid that I was going to literally disappear from the world where my family is and end up in a world full of creatures. How would I even begin to protect myself from them? I just had to try and deal with it. xxxx The plane ride to Washington was pretty much uneventful. One of the passengers unfortunately forgot to take a motion sickness pill and that resulted in a lot of discomfort for everyone else. I put headphones on and closed my eyes so that I could tune him out but the smell still remained. Needless to say I was ecstatic when the plane finally landed, and I practically pushed past everyone so I could be one of the first ones out. As soon as I stepped of I took a deep breath, finally able to breath without the nauseating smell. I walked quickly over towards the luggage claim area. I was upset to see a small, blueish cat walking over all of the luggage. I could tell that it wasn't supposed to be there. No one else made any notice of it so I tried to do the same. I walked over to where it was, which happened to be right on my suitcase. I grabbed the handle and pulled it, knocking the cat off. It shot me a dirty look but I pretended not to notice. It cocked it's head to one side and jumped off the luggage claim turnstile following me. 'Keep your heartbeat steady, don't look at it, don't make an effort to look away from it either. Then it will assume I can see it. Just try to act normal and pretend it's not following you.' Unfortunately it kept following me. Looking at these creatures directly in the eye is never a good thing to do. Before I grabbed my luggage I must have looked at it quickly. When normal humans look at these creatures they look right through them. Sadly when I look at them I don't have the same reaction. When there is something in front of you, you tend to focus on it. These creatures can tell when you do that. That is one of the biggest giveaways. I walked out of the airport and saw Charlie standing with a sign that read " Bella Swan " I honestly wanted the ground to open up and swallow me hole. Like I wouldn't of recognized him without the big sign. I just sighed and walked over to him. He put the sign down and swept me into a very awkward hug. Then he grabbed my suitcase and we started over towards his police car. "Is this all the luggage you brought?" He looked surprised at my lack of belongings. "Yeah, I didn't really have anything to bring. My old room was pretty empty." He just nodded at me. "Well if you need any money to get some new clothes just ask." I looked down at the clothing I was wearing. It didn't look too bad. I was wearing a baggy pair of black jeans and a blue t-shirt with a picture of a werewolf howling. I know it was a little ironic that I had a shirt with a werewolf seeing as how I was trying to keep a low profile but I still liked it. I had quite a few of these kinds of shirts. Fairy's, Werewolves, elves and a few others. Charlie told me the drive home wouldn't take too long and that he had a present for me when I got there. I couldn't for the life of me figure out what he could of possibly got. "It's good to have you back Bell's." He told me as we were driving down a narrow road that was surrounded by trees. "You're hear is longer since the last time I saw you." I have to admit I wasn't very good with my conversation skills. At my old school I was always known as the weird freak who ignored everyone. It was true though. I just never knew what to say. "Oh, I actually just had it cut." I said awkwardly. I saw him turn his head and look over towards me. "I guess it's grown out then." He cleared his throat, trying to ease the tension a bit but it didn't really work. Soon we pulled onto his street. I could see the house from where we were and I saw that there were already two people outside. When they saw my dad's car they both waved to us. From what I could remember their names were Jacob and Billy Black. I scrunched my eyes and looked closely at Jacob. Something seemed off about him, but I couldn't put my finger on it. When we stepped out of the car Jacob ran over to me and gave me a hug. I found this odd because I hadn't really spoken to him for a long time. Billy rolled over to us in his wheelchair and accidentally/on purpose rolling over Charlies toes. Next thing I knew the two adults started fooling around like little kids. "Are they always like this?" I asked Jacob. He laughed and scratched his head as if he was thinking. "I think they are getting worse with age." He replied. He raised an eyebrow and placed a hand on a huge clunker of a truck. "So, do you like it?" I looked it over. It sure looked old but it was still a pretty nice vehicle. "Yeah, it is pretty awesome." I replied, kicking one of the tires. He had a grin so big that he reminded me of the Cheshire Cat from Alice in Wonderland. He dug into his pocked and retrieved the keys before winking and tossing them over to me. "That's awesome, because it's yours." My eyebrows shot up in surprise. "I've been working on fixing it up for you." He said proudly. I gave him another hug. "Thank you so much! This is really great." I opened the drivers side door accidentally hitting Jacob with it. "Oh, sorry." I muttered. "Still graceful as ever I see." I laughed as he quickly ran over to the passenger side and got in sitting next to me. "So, shall we take her for a drive?" He asked waggling his eyebrows at me. I shook my head in mock annoyance then put the key in the ignition. "Of course, where to sir?" I asked him as I turned the key. I heard a loud bang and looked back in time to see Charlie and Billy get sprayed with exhaust fumes. I heard them coughing as they slowly moved away from them. Jacob and I burst out laughing when we noticed that their face's were both black from the fumes. "Step on it!." Jake cried. "Before they assemble an angry mob to come after us for what we have just done!" I rolled my eyes but did as he asked, yelling an