A/N: Hey guys! I decided to re-write this story before the Cursed Child came out as some of it no longer correlated to my own headcanons of the Harry Potter world after the Deathly Hallows. As I didn't really want to change the universe I had planned for this story (and I didn't particularly enjoy Cursed Child for several reasons) this story will be a strict AU from the Cursed child plot line. A lot of the dialogue between character will remain the same but some background information will not. Albus will be in Gryffindor during this, nobody will be accusing Scorpius of being the child of Voldemort (because why would Voldemort, someone incapable of love and self-assured in his own immortality, ever even want a child?) and Harry will be the DADA professor at Hogwarts because it makes much more sense for him to become a teacher after ridding the world of Voldemort than to go into a profession that forces him to continue to fight a war he was forced into fighting in the first place. I'm also changing when this takes place so that it takes place during Albus' first year rather than second year. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, the bold text is not my own work and I take no credit for it what-so-ever. Extraordinary things are common place in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. From a flying Ford Anglia to an all out war, Hogwarts had seen many things. And although at first glance, seeing a first year Slytherin boy running through the corridors might not be the most exciting thing in the world, there is something important about this particular young Slytherin and where he's headed to. This boy was Scorpius Malfoy, and he was running full pelt towards Gryffindor tower where he knew his best friends, Albus Potter and Rose Weasley, would be. He knew he had to get them- had to show them what he had found. As he hurtled along the corridors he very almost crashed into the very people he was in such a rush to see. He should have remembered that Albus and Rose tended to stay in the library till evening on Fridays. As it was, he skidded and had to be caught by the small black haired boy that was his best friend. "Any particular reason you're running like there's a dragon snapping at your heels Scorp?" asked Rose, smirking at him lightly, her blue eyes dancing with amusement as they usually did around her friends. Scorpius looked up at her as he bent over, trying to catch his breath back so that he could answer her. Usually he wouldn't look such a mess, with his cheeks flushed pink and his usually sleek blond hair ruffled, but then again he had just run all the way from one side of the seventh floor to the other. Albus tilted his head with curiosity as he waited with Rose for their friend to be able to speak. "Were the older Slytherins giving you trouble again Scorp?" he asked, hoping they hadn't been. Many of Scorpius' housemates had been giving him grief since his sorting. Being a Malfoy didn't exactly command the respect it once did. All it had done was label him a coward, a traitor to all- no matter what good Draco now did as a healer. Scorpius had finally regained his breath and shook his head. "No, well, not really. This is about something else; something much more important than that." He panted, straightening up and withdrawing a book from his bag. It was a small book, covered by rich deep red leather, looking almost like a journal. Al looked at it inquisitively while Rose looked like she didn't know if she wanted to press the subject of the other Slytherins or question Scorpius on why he thought a journal was important. It seemed as her curiosity about the book won the battle for the moment, though Scorpius was sure she would get back on his case if he didn't distract her quickly. "It's a book about your dad Al". At Albus' confused expression he carried on. " I found this book and six others a few minutes ago in this strange room. I had wanted to know why my house keeps saying these things about my dad and my family. You know how it is, my parents don't tell me anything about the war...anything about their years at Hogwarts actually. But all my house seem to know something I don't and it really frustrated me that I didn't know why. Then all of a sudden this door appears and when I go in there are these seven books all titled 'Harry Potter' and the something of something." Halfway through his explanation Rose had taken the book from him and was now looking it over with a wary glance. "Not that I don't believe you Scorp, because I do, but why on Earth would these suddenly appear when we've been wanting answers since our first day? Practically since the train ride really." Albus carefully took the book from her and opened it up at the first page. At the top in big, bold letters it read: Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone . Underneath this title was a picture of a boy who looked a lot like him only with a lightning bolt scar on his forehead. It was his dad without a doubt. "...maybe because we never asked for them..." he whispered, almost to himself. "What?" "Sorry, what did you say Al?" Both Scorpius and Rose had turned at his quiet words and were now staring at him with confusion. He flushed slightly under their gaze but repeated what he had said. "I said, maybe it was because we had never asked for answers. You've seen how our parents are Rose, they avoid talking about the war as much as possible when we're around... even Teddy doesn't know much more than what Dad teaches here in fifth year. We don't ask them because it makes them sad, and I bet no-one thought that if we asked Hogwarts it might reply." Rose was shaking her head slightly while her blond friend seemed to be mulling over what Al had said. It wasn't that Rose thought Albus wasn't making sense but she never understood why Al talked about Hogwarts the way he did. "Al, the castle isn't alive. Anyway, how do we even know this book is truthful?" The boys looked at each other. Trust Rose to poke a logic-shaped hole through what could be their golden opportunity. Albus bit his lip. "Why don't we read the first chapter? If we recognise people in it and it matches to what little we do know then who's to say it doesn't tell the truth?" Scorpius smiled slightly as he watched Rose think it over. "I think it's a good idea. Rose?" She turned to look at her two best friends and almost burst out laughing. As it was she barely managed to hold in her giggles; the two boys were doing their best puppy dog eyes at her, even though they both knew they looked ridiculous doing it. Giggling, she agreed to read the first chapter but only if they stopped making those stupid faces. They both laughed and high-fived over their victory on this matter. They then followed Rose to an empty classroom, agreeing with her than it would be a bad idea to read it in the Gryffindor common room as it was often very noisy so they wouldn't be able to hear each other. They didn't even consider the Slytherin common room; the Chudley Cannons had a better hope at winning the league than they did of being allowed in that room. As it was the three of them quickly pulled three chairs around a desk and stared at the book. It had suddenly hit them that this small book would be the gateway to the answer of questions that had plagued them since the first memorial service they had attended. All of a sudden they were almost hesitant to open it. With a deep breath, Rose reached over and turned to the first page. " The Boy Who Lived" With one last glance over to her cousin, she began to read. Mr and Mrs Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. Albus snorted quietly. At Rose's raised eyebrow he explained "I've met the Dursleys, well these two anyway, only once and they take 'normal' to the extreme. They are the most boring people I've ever met and that includes Uncle Percy and Molly." They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense. They all traded looks with each other. Even Scorpius knew that all things strange and mysterious seemed to gravitate towards the Potters and the Weasleys, no matter what they were. Mr Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. Here Scorpius looked up at Rose, about to ask what a 'drill' was but she held up her hand to stop him. "Write down what you don't understand and I'll tell you at the end of the chapter." He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large moustache. Mrs Dursley was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbours. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere. The three of them all had raised eyebrows after this 'flattering' description but decided not refrain from commenting on the menagerie that was the Dursley family. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didn't think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. "I don't blame them, who'd want to know you lot?" said a joking voice from the doorway. All three of them jumped and Rose quickly tried to hide the book while the other two tried to look as innocent as possible as Fred Weasley and James Potter came strolling into the classroom. "Now what do we have here Fred?" "Not three students not doing what they're not supposed to-" "They'd know better-" "Than to try and fool us-" "Especially with those faces-" "Right?" They were both grinning like a cat that had cornered a mouse. James strolled over and sat down on the desk beside his brother, looking at him expectantly whilst Fred leant against the chair Rose was sitting on. The three first years traded guilty looks before Scorpius started to explain what he had found to James and Fred. After the explanation the two pranksters traded looks. "Even though it's a book, " here they shuddered in mock-disgust while Rose huffed at this slight on the precious recorders of knowledge. "It seems like one of the only ones worth reading." They then plopped themselves down on chairs next to each other and looked expectantly at Rose. She glared back at them. Albus sighed, having seen enough arguments between his cousin and his brother to know where this was heading. "Just read Rosie, they have a right to listen too. Plus you can't stop them once they have their minds made up." Rose looked like she very much wanted to argue but let it drop in favour of getting back to the book. Mrs Potter was Mrs Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years; in fact, Mrs Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister They all frowned at this; James and Al because they knew that this was their Grandmother they were talking about, Rose