Hi Guys, I know, I know I said no more until my hobbit fanfic is finished but I've hit such a roadblock and I needed to write again like I need air. I hope you like this. Massive shout out to IAmNotAnIgnoramus for being an awesome beta. Whispers of Fate: The Girl That Never Was Summary: Aurelia Dewolfe had read a lot of "Girl falls into the Twilight universe" fanfiction. Usually said girl would fall in love with Edward or Jasper and when she was particularly low on decent stories, sometimes they'd even fall for Carlisle. The idea that she could be one of those girls was entirely possible and that it would happen to her was fanciful and ridiculous. It wasn't something she took seriously, a pipe dream as it were. It wasn't something she'd ever truly wanted. Stories were safe merely because they were fiction and the events within, along with the choices the characters faced, were things you would never have to face in real life. Yet when faced with the situation in reality with a man she never expected, Aurelia's life is flipped upside down as she struggles to make decisions she never before fully understood the difficulty of. Falling into a world you know almost everything about should be easy yet, nothing is as she expected. The butterfly effect has begun and everything seems to be spinning fast out of her control. Can she really change anything or is destiny set? AU Emmett/OC Chapter 1: When Lightning Strikes Twice I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare – or, if not, some equally brainy lad – who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a bit of lead piping. – P.G Wodehouse, My Man Jeeves Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will. – John Green Train crashes, magic portals, wise old women, murder, Aurelia had read it all that year. Fanfictions of people dropping into her favourite universes were easy to come by and normally well written, although none ever entirely quenched her thirst for more stories of a similar nature. She'd watched different characters fall in and out of love with Jasper, Edward and sometimes Carlisle a thousand different ways and still she never got bored. There was something about reading a story containing characters she loved and a well thought out plot. It could be written a similar way a million times but still she enjoyed the somewhat predictable events. It was like reading an old favourite all over again yet the suspense of the first reading was present with every new fanfiction she discovered. Aurelia liked the stories of people from her world going to an alternate universe best because it allowed her to fantasise about the possibility of her in their place. She'd ogle wise old woman types, feel nervous getting on a train, run her small hands over the posters on her walls all with a muted excitement half expecting something to happen. Nothing ever did and for a split second she'd feel her stomach roll and disappointment seeping into her entire being. Then a light giggle would escape her lips as she marvelled at her own stupidity and she'd forget all about it, going on with her daily life. For those few moments though, those slightly insane moments, it was as if electricity tingled in the very air around her. Sometimes her golden blonde hair would seem to stand on end as she waited for something to happen, those moments made anticipation worth it. The moments she spent caught up completely in the author's world unable to imagine a scenario where this story wasn't completely cannon made reading worth it. Aurelia loved fanfiction almost as much as the original works, she often contributed to the archives herself. She loved struggling to keep the characters acting the way they should, planning out exactly how her story should go, and attempting to make her own characters as realistic as possible. All of that effort quickly filled her weekends with as much work as she had on her weekdays. Often the original characters changed the plot to Twilight, took it off in a completely different direction. Often they or their family died making their stay in the twilight universe permanent, ensuring the desired happy ending. Even authors who didn't kill off the family or character to account for the change still included a compromise or loop hole, allowing the character to keep the vampire of their dreams and the family they loved. Why wouldn't they? Stephanie Meyer had after all so why shouldn't they? That was the true lure of fanfiction, that was what really drew her in. Predictability. Fanfiction was safe, you knew around what was going to happen and yet you also could still be pleasantly surprised. You knew the girl from the real world could save the day. You knew she'd win in the end because that was how fanfiction worked. Fans were fulfilling their dreams, making a perfect scenario ending with challenges realistic enough to create the suspense which allowed you to wonder if, just for once, the character wouldn't get it all. Her interests had matured somewhat as she'd grown. She knew now at twenty that, unlike she'd thought at fourteen, her characters did need to face realistic struggles. They needed to have weaknesses and fears. They couldn't possibly be loved all the time by everyone but still, the happy ending was always certain, much like the beginning; a train crash, a car crash, death or magic portal. That was how you got from the real world to another, that was how you moved from unpredictable to predictable. Real life wasn't predictable. Aurelia hated that. She had a good life, loving parents, a mother who doted on her and a father who spoiled her. She was doing well at university and she was completely satisfied with her life as it was, men firmly kept in fiction. The real world, however, was full of problems. Lazy, drug addicted brothers, an estranged older sister, and the mounting pressure of being her father's last hope of a 'successful' child. Arguments erupted over the tiniest things and real people were never as forgiving as the fictional ones. In fiction it was all resolved quickly, that was not so in real life. Once again Aurelia was pacing the streets after a blowout with her father. Since she was stricken with a bout of the flu a week before a big assignment deadline, Aurelia hadn't done as well as she'd hoped. Her mother had assured her that she was proud of her anyway; it wasn't the best grade, but she passed with a decent score. Her father on the other hand, he was a different story. Kenneth Dewolfe's face had slowly turned a nasty shade of purple before he had yelled at his daughter, ranting and raving about what he expected of her. Aurelia, never having had a particularly firm grasp on her temper, had screamed back at him. ' You're such a disappointment Ray.' Her father's angry words replayed on a loop in her mind as she stomped down the street. She'd told him she hated him as she practically vibrated from head to toe, her day ruined. She knew she'd messed up; it wasn't something she needed reminding about. A clap of thunder sounded overhead and the heavens opened. Ice cold rain slammed down upon Aurelia, who wasn't quite fast enough with her hood to avoid looking like a drowned rat. "Great." She grumbled, throwing the thick grey fabric up over her already sopping wet hair. "Set the scene, that's just what I need." As if the powers that be were answering her, another rumble of thunder crashed overhead and lightning flashed through the sky. "In a horror story, this is where I'd be murdered." Aurelia mumbled as she sloshed through the street towards her small home. "One dark and stormy night…" She mocked, imitating the creepy narrators on the old movies and letting a small snort escape her. A blinding flash accompanied by an ominous snap seemed to light the whole of the street for almost less than half a moment. This caused Aurelia to jump in shock and raise her face to the heavens, dull blue eyes stretched wide. For a second there I could have sworn… A crease appeared on her delicate pale face and her full lips puckered slightly as she surveyed the area in front of her. She had been almost certain that lightning had just struck somewhere. She hurried forward, head down against the harsh wind that was beating her thick hair against her face and rubbing her skin red raw. Aurelia tried not to think about the possibility of danger. I just need to get home . She mentally chanted. I just need to get home . A deafening rumble gave way to a second flash-snap that made Aurelia's trembling body stumble backwards. Her heart pounded a fierce war song in her chest and she felt suddenly both hot and cold all at once. That one struck somewhere, she was certain. Desperately shoving her numb fingertips under her armpits Aurelia marched forwards, anxious to get home and out of the danger zone. Adrenaline pumped through her veins and her fear shot sky high. As she rounded the corner she tried to convince herself that since she hadn't seen the lightning strike the ground it probably hadn't actually happened. After four steps, as another crash of thunder sounded above, she vanished into thin air. Ray awoke with a start and pain exploded in her right temple as her head ricocheted off a hard, cool surface. The ear-splitting, prolonged noise had cut off suddenly although Ray quickly followed it up with a low groan, rubbing a soft hand over the sore spot on her head. "You okay there kiddo?" The gruff male voice caused Ray's eyes to snap open. One sweeping glance was enough to determine she had no idea where she was anymore. Pattering and splattering sounds filled the car, interrupted by a squeak every few seconds as the wipers kept the screen clear. Ray stared dumbly at the large man driving. He had curly brown hair and a thick moustache, his face screaming stern while his body language was gawky and awkward. "You've been asleep since we left Forks, then again you probably needed it…" His words tapered off to a mumble. Ray's focus was entirely on the one word. Forks. She knew that word, she knew that place. It was in America, it was the setting of her favourite novels, the Twilight Series. Her poor heart had barely slowed before it was springing to life again. This wasn't possible. It was the type of situation she read about in fanfiction. It wasn't real. Couldn't possibly be real. Keeping her eyes carefully trained on the male she pinched herself under the arm, causing a grimace to spring to her face and tears to sting her eyes. Focusing in on the man again she studied his appearance. At a best guess, he was Charlie Swan. What he was to her, however, Ray couldn't be sure. "I-I'm fine." Her voice was croaky, indicating to her that she had indeed been asleep for a while, no matter how absurd that seemed. Charlie's warm, worried brown eyes met hers and a movie reel slammed into Aurelia's brain. She could see herself, at five years old greeting Charlie outside a white panelled house. " Excited to be here kiddo?" The movie Charlie asked, swinging her up into his arms. " You bet Uncle Charlie. I even gots a 'merican passport." Movie Ray was missing her two front teeth but her eyes were shining. " What?!" The movie Charlie had only the beginnings of a moustache and his fake excitement was clear to