? P.O.V- I hate having him as my dad! Everyone always expects you to be bright and cheery! They don't think for a minute that maybe one of us is different. Okay, maybe you are confused. Let me introduce myself. I am Jacqueline Autre and I am 14 years old. I love to play my guitar and sing some of my songs... that I write on my own spare time. I am not a very cheery looking girl and I am easily thought of as a daughter of Hades, whom I think is a better father than him . I am a tomboy and my best friend is a guy named Ross, a child of Nyx, along with most of my friends. Oh, and I absolutely hate Nico DiAngelo. So, I was in the theater and I was minding my own business, when I suddenly pulled out of this world to talk to my infuriating dad. He was pretty cool sometimes, but right now he was being an ass. "Hello, Jacqueline. How are you, child?" my dad said. "Dad, cut this shit out and tell me what you need to tell me. I was busy you know. I have to finish this song by this Friday." He looked at me nervously before composing himself. "Jacqueline, you are going to be married and- "I cut him off. I mean, I'm being married to someone and he didn't tell me sooner?! "Dad, when am I going to be married and to whom?" I said in my calmest voice I could muster. " Well, you're going to be married when you are going to turn eighteen and to whom you're being married to- well, that is what I am afraid you are not going to like. You see you are going to be married to… Nico DiAngelo." I don't know how I did it but I managed to pull out of our conversation. I took a pillow and screamed into it. And this was the point when I started to ramble. Nico's P.O.V- Father told me to stop by at the Underworld today. I have no idea why. As I walked by, I saw the dead walking about. As I walked, I saw Bianca. "Bianca! It's me Nico! Come over here I need to talk to you!" She walked- er, floated- towards me giving me an airy kiss on the cheek. I gave her a small smile. "So, do you have any idea why Father called me today?" She looked around and sighed. "I'm sorry, Nico, my il mio fratellino. I think that Father wanted to talk to you personally. I am sorry." I gave her a curt nod and walked toward the big castle *cough, cough jail cough, cough* which I always dreaded. Since its fall, I usually don't come here due to the fact that she is here. The 'she' is Persephone, the most annoying goddess ever to be known to man. She was so annoying and I usually stay my distance from her. Anyway, while I pondered about my very horrendous step-mother, I realized that I am at the doorstep of Father's home. I took a deep breath in, jut to calm my nerves. Then I swung the giant obsidian doors open. It took a while to get to Father's throne room, but when I got there, I was greeted by the sight of Persephone and my dad making out. I gagged a little and knocked on the door, but not before closing the door. When I heard Hades say," Come in, son." I opened the door and I gave him a bow. He nodded and Persephone looked at me like she wanted to kill me and scoffed. Internally, I would have smirked and said something to offend her, but since I do not wanna be turned into a petunia... again... I said," Lady Persephone, Father. Now, might I ask why I am here?" Persephone smirked right after I said that. Uh-oh. "Son, I know that in the past, I would make you come down here to the Underworld only if I needed you to do work for me. But now I have something to tell you. This might be a little... uncomfortable... but you are going to be married. Now before you say anything I need to tell you that you are being married when your bride is turning eighteen. Son, you are a mature man now, so please take this in a mature manner. You are being wedded to… well… Jacqueline Autre. Now, before you say why... well... Aphrodite said that you two will be a very strong couple, and will help the world… and me… Trust me, she was very serious when she said this, ever more serious that I thought she would ever be. Everyone, even Athena had to take her seriously. Once again, I know your hatred towards the girl, but please try and be kind towards her. She is very powerful. We need her. Nico, please do it and please do not mess it up. Try to be like your sister. I was so mad! At my father, at Jacqueline, at Bianca, at myself. But most of my anger was directed towards Hades and Jacqueline. Hades- I have to be married to the girl that is in my nightmares and he expects me to be okay with that? No. And my anger towards Jacqueline is reasonable. I hate her; she hates me, that's just our cycle. The weird thing is was the fact that Percy tried to play matchmaker and it ended up with me with a broken arm and Percy just having a bruise on his arm. Huh, she is reeeeeal nice. Note my sarcasm. I nodded my head, as if I was totally cool with the fact that I am going to be married to the girl who hates my guts, and vise versa. But I can't disappoint my dad. I just can't. Jacqueline's P.O.V- My siblings gave me sympathetic looks when I came back from the theater. I guess dad told them about my soon-to-be-marriage. This is another reason why my dad is a dick. He didn't even ask me if it was okay if he told basically the entire camp (a lot of the campers are my cabin siblings)! Ugh! Anyway, I went to my bunk which was on the top (thank the gods!) and just wrote in my diary: Dear Diary, Let's just say that my 'father' is a douche-bag. I don't care if the gods themselves tell me it's important to marry... him ... I won't do it! They expect me to- After that I heard a knock on the door to our cabin. I looked up from my writing. One of the younger kids opened the door... to show the devil himself (A/N: Pun intended!) . He bent down to the girls level and said in a surprisingly nice, soft voice," Hello, kid, is Jacqueline here?" When he said my name, I saw him shudder, and I smirked. Huh, am I that scary...Hell, I'm your worst nightmare! The little girl pointed at my bunk and I ducked my head. But it was too late. He saw me. I could literally hear him smirking when he said," Oh, well, I was going to bring her to a coffee place, but I guess she doesn't want any coffee. Well tell her that I dropped by." Noooo! He used my weakness on me! I am, like, addicted to coffee! "Wait! Nico, I am here. Just get me some coffee and then let me come back here. No tricks, got it?" He nodded his head. Little did I know, he had his fingers crossed behind his back. ~ Time skip ~ He got me my favorite coffee- black coffee- and, surprisingly, he liked black coffee, too! After we drained our cups, we went somewhere. Nico grabbed my hand (boy, was that awkward!) and we shadow-traveled there. It was pretty cool. I'm not admitting it, though, that I enjoyed one bit of the ride. Well, when we arrived we were at an abandoned house/store. The yellow paint looks like it was being peeled away. The roof was worn and disgusting, and the wood looked like it was being eaten. Man, I can't wait to explore this place! Then I heard a cough behind me. I suddenly remembered that Nico was here. I turned around and said," What in the name of Hades do you want!? " Nico's P.O.V- What in the name of Hades did I want? I don't know… maybe I wanna know why she hated me! I mean, when did our war of hatred start? I said this exactly to her and she gave me a confused look."Don't you remember? You told me that you 'liked' me and then you were kissing another chick- I think it was one of those bimbo Aphrodite girls…" I thought really hard, but I couldn't remember it. Okay, dad said to be kind to her so let's start small… "You know what? Let's put the past behind us and try to be friends. I mean, we are going to be married… no matter how much we don't want it to happen." The last part I kind of mumbled. She looked at me like she was offended, but then shrugged, as if understanding my logic. She nodded her head and looked away. Finally, after a few minutes of walking, we reached the stairs to the stairs. I grabbed her hand and we went up the stairs. Okay, this is going to sound cheesy, but when I held her hand, it was like it was made for me. Cheesy, right? Well, when we reached the top, she yanked her hand out of my grip and walked towards the edge. It seemed like she wasn't scared at the fact that she was like 25 ft. up from the ground. I guess that's a good quality in a girl… fearlessness. I looked at her and cautiously sat next to her… at the edge. Jacqueline's P.O.V- I looked at Nico. He was looking at something in the distance and I tried to see what he was looking at, but I couldn't. Then I looked at the ground-about 30 feet down below. I wasn't scared, I was actually pretty cool with the fact that I might fall to my death. Suddenly I heard a voice," Hey, you wanna hang out later? I mean, we got to know each other a little better, right? We are going to be married soon…" I looked at him and he actually meant it. I nodded and noticed how good he looked with the wind blowing his hair effortlessly. Wait… WHAT?! When did I think that Nico looked good…? Yeah, I must be going crazy! Nico's P.O.V- She asked me a very interesting question suddenly after a while: "Why do you hate me?" I really thought about it. Then it hit me… hard. "Remember? You were sucking this guy's face off while you two were making out. Before that, you said that we could go on a date…" I tried to hide my blush that came on towards the end, knowing that Jacqueline would tease me endlessly. Finally, after some time, she answered,"No, I don't… Hey don't you think it's weird that we can't remember why we hate each other? "Now that I think about it, she's right! Huh, Vanessa, being right in my eyes, never saw it coming. Well I thought about it and I decided to ask Dad about it. I shrugged and then it hit me! I need to make her trust us and make her stay with us. "Hey, follow me." Jacqueline's P.O.V- "Hey, follow me." I shrugged and got up. He grabbed my hand and then I felt a little shaken up on the inside. I really was in deep thought, I guess, because Nico shook me and then I woke from my thinking. I looked around and saw that