Katniss felt his eyes on her and it made the knot of tension coiling at the base of her spine tighten. His eyes are always on her and normally she can just tune it out, but for some reason, today it irritated her beyond belief. She can't for the life of her figure out why he stares, only that it makes her feel hot and prickly, like her skin doesn't fit right. She's not pretty, not like the insipid blondes that normally hang all over him with their big boobs and perfectly coiffed hair and jeans that don't come from Wal-Mart or Goodwill. She's short and almost flat-chested, with slim hips and lean legs from running track for so many years. Her long, dark hair isn't ever in anything except a braid and the only makeup she uses is a bit of lip gloss. She wouldn't have the slightest clue how to even apply anything else, not since her parents died five years ago, leaving her and Prim alone in the world. Grey eyes that stare out on the world that confuses the hell out of her. She's never been good at anything normal girls are good at. Small talk is beyond her and she could care less about the celebrities that the others talk about all the freaking time. Between her after school job, school and taking care of her sister, she's barely hanging on. He's leaning against the wall, staring at her over the top of Glimmer Mitchell's head, paying no attention to whatever it is the blonde girl is spouting with such devotion. His attention is wholly focused on her, standing in front of the bank of lockers just like she does every morning. Katniss jumped as fingers tickled her waist. Spinning around, she stared up into Gale Hawthorne's grinning face. He's really made up today – thick black eyeliner, spiky hair tipped with blue and hot pink and so many earrings his ears look like one solid piece of metal. The jeans he's wearing are so tight you can tell what religion he is and the black t-shirt barely hides the tattoos that cover his upper arms. "Something's got your panties in a twist," he said, winking. "Is it Mellark?" Katniss rolled her eyes and shoved hard against his chest. "Shut up," she said firmly, folding her arms over her chest. "C'mon, you gotta admit he's hot, even if he's a jock" Gale said, eyes darting to where Peeta stood, winking at the other boy as their eyes met. Peeta flushed and dropped his gaze, but Gale watched as he returned it just as quickly to where Katniss stood next to him. Katniss snorted under her breath. "Like you have a chance, he's straighter than a ruler." Gale shrugged, dropping his gaze back to her face once more. "A guy can dream, right?" "I guess," she said, glancing back over her shoulder. Peeta's bluer than blue eyes met hers and she felt the beginnings of a blush creep up her cheeks. "Dammit," she snarled under her breath, kicking Gale when he laughed at her. "Honey, that boy has it so bad for you, even Glimmer can see it," he said, laughing and pointing over her shoulder. Katniss turned around fully to stare at what Gale was pointing at. Glimmer was glaring over at her, her Cupid's bow mouth pulling into a tight, angry line. Katniss shrugged and rolled her eyes before turning around to face Gale once more. "Whatever, like I care what she thinks." "We both know you don't give a shit what she thinks, but Mellark, he's a different story, right Catnip?" "I thought I told you to quit calling me that," Katniss snapped. "Since when do I do what you tell me?" "Is it your life's mission to be the world's biggest prick?" "Is it your life's mission to eye fuck Mellark across every space you happen to share?" Gale shook his head in disgust. "Just talk to him and get it over with for fuck's sake! You two are worse than a closeted politician with a bondage fantasy. You want him; he wants you, what the hell is the holdup?" "Would you kindly shut up?" Katniss snapped, stalking away from him to her locker, spinning the dial angrily. Gale followed her, leaning against the locker next to hers. "You do want him, right?" he said softly, staring at her. She bit her lip, fingers slowing on the dial. "I shouldn't…" Gale shook his head, playing with the end of her braid. "Why not?" Her eyes lifted to his and she sighed. "He's…" Her gaze dropped back to her locker. "Everything I'm not." "And?" Gale asked, snorting as she slapped his hand away from her hair. "If that's what's holding you back Catnip, you're even worse than I thought." He turned to glance over to where Peeta still stood, leaning against the row of lockers across from them. "He's been staring at you for the past four years; don't you think it's time to take a chance?" She shook her head, finally hitting the combination and jerking the locker open. "That's exactly why I shouldn't," she said, shoving books out of the way angrily as she searched for her English textbook. "He's done nothing but stare. Don't you think if he really was interested, he'd have at least said something to me - especially now when we're graduating?" "You aren't exactly the most approachable girl in the world, Catnip," Gale said. She sighed and pulled out the book she was searching for, slapping the locker shut. "Maybe so." Her eyes met his once more and she knows they're filled with emotions she refuses to let spill out. "But maybe he realizes that girls from the Seam aren't exactly what he should be bringing home to Mama either." Gale grabbed her arm but she shook him off, ducking her head and darting out into the crowded hallway. Fifteen Years Later Katniss sighed as the rain poured down even heavier. If she didn't have bad luck, she'd have no luck at all. Turning, she dug into her purse, pulling out her cell. The signal was weak, barely one bar. "Of course," she said, rolling her eyes. The phone vibrated, a quacking sound coming from the speaker. Katniss pushed the send button, launching the speaker. "Hey Prim." "Hey big sis, how's the drive going?" The line was full of static, and she could barely hear her sister's soft voice. "I just got a flat, ten miles outside of town, on state route 211." "Oh Katniss, did you call Triple A?" Prim's worried voice filled the tiny car and Katniss sighed. "Was just going to when you called." As soon as she got the words out, the signal died, leaving her stranded and alone with no service and a flat tire at least ten miles outside of town and the nearest help. She rolled her eyes heavenward. "Is this your way of telling me that coming back here was a bad idea? Because I'm really starting to get that feeling." A loud crack of lightning speared the ground a few feet away from her and the resulting thunder shook the car. She jumped so high that she banged her head on the top of the car. Taking a deep breath, she pushed the door open and stepped out into the torrential downpour. The rain soaked through her jacket and shirt in the time it took her to get to the trunk, the uplifted hatch barely offering any protection as she rooted around, trying to get the damn jack loose from its slot in the sidewall. It finally came free, nearly sending her tumbling to the ground as she pulled back with all of her weight. Sluicing her hair back up off her face, she resolutely unscrewed the bolt holding the spare down, rain slicked fingers slipping more than gripping the wing nut as she tried to spin it. Headlights pierced the dank gloominess and she turned around, squinting as a truck pulled up behind her, the driver distorted behind the rain slick windshield. A guy, she thought as she turned back around, uneasiness prickling along her nerves and settling hollowly in her stomach. Her fingers curled around the tire iron as the door opened and he stepped out of the car, holding a small umbrella over his head that was ripped from his hands the second the door shut behind him. "Dammit." The curse word floated to her over the wind and it made her smile for some reason. Should've realized that an umbrella was useless, the rain coming down so hard and the wind blowing everything to kingdom come. He walked up beside her and her gaze lifted, her breath freezing in her chest as impossibly blue eyes met her own. No, it couldn't be. Fucking universe, really? What the hell have I done to make my karma this bad? Scratch that, she knew what she'd done. But really, it's not enough you send a hurricane to Pennsylvania the first time in five years that I've been back, but now this? "Katniss?" She blinked water out of her eyes and nodded, gaze dropping back to the tire and the useless nut that refused to budge. Her fingers slowly uncurled from the tire iron and she clasped them together, wringing them nervously in front of her. He bent closer, one hand pulling the hatch down a bit to offer a little more protection from the wind. His dark blue henley was soaked through and she tried not to notice how it stretched across a chest that was so much wider than the last time she'd seen him. Her gaze dropped to the ground, inadvertently skimming along the thick lines of his thighs, heavy with muscle encased in tight jeans as they braced against the wind that felt like it was going to send her flying. Damp heat speared through her and her stomach fluttered with what felt like a million butterflies. Damn him, couldn't he have been bald and fat like jocks were supposed to be fifteen years after high school? Five years ago he hadn't been nearly this fit, but then again, she hadn't been as bruised and soul weary either. His hand rose, settled lightly on her wrist, drawing her attention once more. "What happened?" "I got a flat," she said woodenly, desperately trying to ignore the frenzied thumping of her pulse as it reacted to his touch. "I'm trying to change it." She watched him shake his head, eyes darting over the swelling river to the right of the car, about half a foot higher than it normally was. "We'll never get it done in time, the bridge is just about to wash out, and we need to get out of here!" He tugged on her arm lightly. "Get in the truck; we'll come back for your car tomorrow after this blows through." Katniss shook his hand off. "I can't, everything I own is in here," she snapped, reaching for the nut once more. "Grab what you can, but you're coming with me if I have to pick you up and toss you over my shoulder. This road is about to be under about six feet of swollen river." She turned her head to glare at him, eyes narrowed. "Who asked you to be my savior?" Peeta Mellark smiled at her with the same lopsided smile she remembered from the very first time she'd seen him and every time in between. Time fell away and her life flashed before her eyes in a rapid fire dance. That smile was the one constant in her life, no matter what she'd done, or how hard she'd pushed him away, he always had that same smile for her when he saw her again and it killed her, cracking into the stone she'd encased her heart in after the last time she'd left him. She could barely hear