Peeta picked up his phone and read her email for the millionth time. Sorry I can't come home; the opportunity is just too good to pass up. I'm going to be studying under Dr. Enobaria Castaglione in Lima, Peru for the next nine months. Dr. Beetee knew her from back in the day and he pulled some strings to get me the internship. I know I promised I'd be home for your birthday, but how about you come down and meet me in Belize? We could spend the week on the beach, getting sand in inappropriate places and drinking as much tequila as we could hold. I miss you Peeta and I want to feel your body next to mine again when we sleep. Can't you just leave that damn town and come out here? Love you, Katniss He shook his head. He still hadn't replied and it'd been three days. Didn't she realize that you don't just leave a bakery during Valentine's week? He'd never be able to get away, not with all of the wedding cakes he had to finish. Suck it up, Mellark. Email her and get it over with. Just as he was getting ready to reply, his phone dinged, signaling an incoming email. Peeta- Where the hell are you? I emailed you three days ago and you can't even bother to answer? Katniss He sighed and started tapping out a reply, one that wouldn't make either of them happy. His balls were about as blue as they could get and the thought of one more night with his hand and the bottle of lotion left him sick to his stomach. Katniss, Sorry, was trying to come up with a response that wouldn't piss you off, can see I've already failed miserably. You know I can't leave, this is one of the busiest times at the bakery, that's why I thought you were coming home, to help as well as the fact that I haven't seen you in close to three years and I miss you. I'm happy for your opportunity, but I'm tired of being here alone. You told me you were coming back and since the day I put you on the plane to go to Spain, it's been one thing or another. I love you and I miss you and I want to be with you, not doing this long distance thing. Love always, Peeta His heart felt heavier after he sent the email back and he knew that she was going to be pissed, but dammit, didn't he have a right to be angry as well? She'd said she was coming back and now it was almost two years later. Last summer it'd been a seminar with a guesting professor that she couldn't miss and now this summer she'd be in Peru of all fucking places. His phone vibrated and he was almost afraid to look at it. Chickenshit! He flipped it over, the picture of Davin giving him the finger showing on the screen. He pressed the speaker button. "What?" "Fucker, did you forget you were supposed to work for me this morning? I have a test in an hour." "Shit, I forgot. I'll be there in ten minutes." "You'd better or I'm leaving this place unlocked with a sign on the door saying help yourself." Peeta ended the call, cursing under his breath. He'd been so caught up in thinking about Katniss he'd completely forgotten that Davin needed this morning off. Some fucking boss he was! He grabbed his keys and went into the garage, pushing the button for the door after he got into the truck. When the door finally opened, he pulled out and slammed it into gear, pushing the button for the door again. He checked in the rearview to make sure it was going down before speeding off down the rutted, gravel strewn driveway towards town. The normal ten minute ride took seven since he'd sped nearly the entire way into town. Luckily Darius wasn't sitting in is usual spot this morning, so he'd managed to not get a ticket on top of everything else. He parked in his usual spot and leapt out of the truck, locking it and racing inside. Davin was behind the counter, talking to Lavinia, the pretty redhead he'd hired last week to run the register and watch the front when it was only him working. He saw Peeta and nodded, whipping his apron off and balling it up as he pushed open the swinging doors to the kitchen area. Peeta smiled at Lavinia. "Morning, has it been busy?" "Just the usual crowd," she replied, smiling at him. "Great, I'll be in the back if you need any help." "Sure thing, Peeta," she said, turning back as the shop bell jingled, signaling another customer had entered. "Hi, can I help you?" He pushed open the door and stepped back into the kitchen, his brother's apron hitting him square in the face. "You knew this was important." "I'm sorry," Peeta said, taking the apron and tossing it into the bin beside the door for the laundry service to pick up later. "I was dealing with something and I forgot." "They only accept three people from the county into the program and if I don't make it, I'm blaming you." Peeta glared at him. "Quit flapping your mouth and get the hell out of here then." Davin flipped him off. "And good luck on the test, you'll do fine!" he called as his brother left the kitchen. He'd never pictured Davin as a cop, but apparently that's all he'd ever wanted to be, so when they'd announced the test for the academy, he'd been the first one to sign up. Peeta shook his head. To each his own, he'd rather bake than enforce the law. He grabbed the list of items he'd need to make this morning and walked over to the big steel table in the center of the kitchen, laying it down before going to the sink to wash up. His mind was still on Katniss and he shook his head, staring at his reflection in the tiny mirror over the sink. Suck it up asshole, if she really cared, she'd be here. He'd been thinking that a lot lately. Their phone calls had gotten gradually less frequent and the pauses between had grown to uncomfortable levels as they struggled to find some common ground between their vastly different lives. She was out in LA, living with Gale and going to school and he was here, trying to keep the bakery afloat while taking classes part time at night online. Drying his hands on a clean towel, he tucked another one into the string of his apron and moved back to the table, trying to focus on what needed to be done here. His phone dinged just as the door to the back opened, startling him. "Peeta!" Davin burst through the doors, a wide smile on his face. "I passed! I'm heading out to the academy in two weeks!" "Congratulations!" Peeta said, carefully tucking the last bit of strudel dough underneath the braided log to cover the cinnamon apple filling. Effie Trinket loved these strudel logs and she ordered at least three a week. He'd been so busy this morning he'd barely had time to make everything the bakery needed for the shelves before starting on the special orders. If Davin was leaving, he was going to have to hire someone to help him back here. His phone vibrated against his hip again and he knew it was Katniss without even having to look. Truth be told, he was getting a little sick of her selfishness. What the hell was wrong with being here with him? It's not like everyone hated her, she just thought they all did. "I want to go out tonight and celebrate," Davin said, leaning a hip against the table. "You haven't been out in forever; it'll be like old times." Peeta rolled his eyes. Davin's idea of going out involved getting shit-faced drunk and hooking up with whatever woman was willing to take his drunk ass home and fuck him until he passed out. 'I don't know man; I have to get up early-" "Fuck that. I get into the academy and you won't go out and celebrate? Who replaced you with Willem?" "Screw you," Peeta said, turning around to slip the strudel into the big, brick oven. "Fine, but I'm not drinking more than one beer and you promise to leave when I'm ready." Davin rolled his eyes. "Whatever pussy. Just be ready by seven, I hear there's a wet t-shirt contest down at the Rodeo tonight." "Mmm, sounds like my kind of night," Peeta said, shaking his head. The Rodeo was pretty much the only bar in town that catered to the college aged kids. There was a big dance floor and a mechanical bull that never failed to claim someone's pride on the weekends. "You'll like it plenty when you see titties bouncing in your face," Davin said, laughing as he pushed open the door to the front. "I'll be at your house at seven, little bro." "Fine, but remember it's just one beer," Peeta said, checking on the strudel. He lifted the wooden paddle and slid it a little further away from the crimson coals. Effie didn't like it burnt. His phone vibrated once more and he sighed, pulling it out of his pocket. Peeta Is this how we're going to handle things? I email you, you ignore me, I text, you ignore me. This is getting really old. If you want to be together, get your ass to Belize! I wasn't coming home to be your assistant, isn't that what you've got Davin for? I know he's an imbecile, but he works there, even someone with his limited brain capacity can bake a freaking cake. Stop with the guilt trips, you know I was in school and how important it is to me. I've had to work my ass off to get where I am. You made the choice to go to community college after you broke your leg, not me. I wanted you to go back to Notre Dame and get the hell out of that shithole but no, you went and bought the damn bakery, tying yourself there even more! I'm tired of fighting about this, over and over. Katniss He very nearly threw the phone into the brick oven as anger boiled hotly in his gut. He was guilt tripping her? That was rich! She's the one that kept leaving him and he was the bastard? Fuck that! Katniss I'm the bastard because I won't go traipsing off to whatever fucking shithole you're calling home these days? I'm running a business, working towards my future, just like you are, but for some reason, my life isn't as important as yours! I'm under just as much pressure to succeed as you are, have you met my mother? Do you think it's fun explaining that no, you're not going to date Delly Cartwright or anyone else here because the woman you love is halfway around the world from you and you'd rather just sit home and be miserable waiting for her to come back to you? I want to be together, and you claim that's what you want to, but you aren't willing to compromise at all! Peeta Stuffing his phone back into his pocket, he stared at the coals, getting angrier and angrier the more he thought about what she'd said. "Peeta, I never see you anymore!" Glimmer Mitchell threw her arms around his neck the second he stepped inside, rubbing her breasts across his chest suggestively. "I told Davin I thought he'd done buried you out there behind that bakery." Peeta gently unwound her hands from his neck and squeezed her hands. "Hey Glimmer, good to see you too." She freed one hand and trailed her index finger