There was a note delivered to the bakery that afternoon, along with lunch from the Mill. Peeta opened it, his cheeks flushing as he scanned the words written on the small card. Tucking it back into the envelope, he slid it into his pocket before tucking into the extra large oyster po'boy sandwich and asparagus spears wrapped in bacon. After lunch, he casually walked to the coat rack, slipping on his coat, glancing over at Lavinia. "I have some errands to run; do you think you can handle things here tonight?" Lavinia grinned widely. "You betcha, boss." She gave him an exaggerated wink. "You tell Katniss I said hello." Peeta flushed and nodded, pulling his keys out of his pocket and hurrying out the door to his Sequoia. After he'd slid into the driver's seat, he pulled the card out and stared at it, his blood heating, desire licking slowly along his veins. Shifting the big truck into gear, he set the card down on the seat next to him and backed out of his spot, giving it a bit more gas than necessary as he pulled out of the lot. They'd been building towards this for weeks now, ever since he'd pulled out the blindfold and taken her up against the wall. Building trust, learning what made the other tick. As much as they knew each other, there was still so much to discover. They'd been experimenting more, which thrilled him to no fucking end. For as much as he liked being the dominant force in the bedroom, part of him wanted to just surrender to her, to let her take control and run with it. He glanced down at the card again, his dick already at half mast. Her handwriting was small, and cramped and nowhere near anything but perfunctory but the words she'd written were anything but. Come home after you eat lunch, I have plans and they all involve you being naked, hard, and at my mercy. Dammit, why did there have to be so much traffic? Didn't these people know that he had somewhere to be? He pressed a little harder on the accelerator, swerving sharply into the other lane to swing around the pricey Mercedes and the blue haired matron behind the wheel. She honked as he cut her off, but he didn't care, flooring it to make it through the last light between him and the house. Two lefts and a quick right and he finally pulled into the driveway, turning off the truck and sprinting up the drive to the house. His hand shook so badly that it took him three tries to get the key in the lock. Cursing under his breath, he finally slid it home, hearing the tumblers click as he turned the knob. "Katniss, I'm home!" He called as he stepped over the threshold, turning to close the door behind him and locking it. He turned around and stopped dead in his tracks. Katniss was leaning against the doorframe, wearing the tiniest fucking scraps of lace and silk that could ever be called clothing. "Oh fuck," he breathed as he drank her in, starting at the top of her head and her hair loose around her shoulders, down her torso and the tiny demi cups of orange silk that hugged her breasts and thrust them up, her nipples pressing tightly against the thin material. His mouth hung open as his gaze slid lower, lingering on the miniscule triangle of sheer orange lace covering her pussy. Thigh high black stockings with a thick band of lace at the top and stiletto heels with studs in the heel completed her outfit. The scars she'd gotten in Africa were visible, but he hardly noticed them now, they were a part of her, a piece of the whole, the same way as his scar and his slight limp. She smirked at him and lifted her brow. "Did you enjoy your lunch?" Peeta swallowed hard, nodding. Katniss pushed up off the wall, slinking towards him. She lifted her hand, trailing her index finger down his chest slowly. "The menu was designed to enhance your," her eyes met his as she dragged it lower, over the obvious bulge in his khaki pants, "stamina." He was in trouble, serious, serious trouble if the look in her eyes was any indication of how this was going to go down. "Did," he squeaked. Clearing his throat, he tried again, his voice gone thick with desire. "Did you have an enhanced lunch?" She gave him a wicked grin, laced with promise. "Yes, almonds and figs with honey." Her hand moved to cup his cock, squeezing gently. "The chocolate is upstairs; I wanted to wait for you to share it with." His eyes flicked to the stairs and then back to her face, his hips pushing forward into her hand. "Mmm," he breathed, hands clenching and unclenching at his sides. "There are rules this time, Mellark," she said firmly, her fingers curled around his cock. She gave him just enough of a squeeze that all of the blood rushed from his head, straight to the appendage currently in her hand. "You like rules, don't you?" He nodded mutely, heart thundering madly. He was so hard right now it felt like he could blow his load at any second, something he was certain wouldn't make her exceptionally happy or him for that matter. "Good," she continued. "Rule number one, the safe word is pearl. Any time you feel uncomfortable or want to stop, just say that word and it's over, done with, okay?" Another nod and a shifting of his hips, breath coming in deep pants. She grinned at him and teased her nails against the hard ridge pressing against his pants. "Rule number two, I'm in charge. What I say goes and you do everything I ask." She walked a slow half circle around him, trailing her hand up over his waistband and along the line of his hip. "Rule number three, you answer everything honestly but only when I give you permission to speak. If you wish to ask me something, you must beg your mistress for permission. Do you understand?" "Yes," he said raggedly, exhaling heavily through his nose. Katniss swatted his ass just hard enough to sting. "I didn't give you permission to speak." He swallowed hard again, hips jerking involuntarily, eyelids fluttering closed briefly as pleasure arced hotly. Katniss rubbed her hand over his ass, squeezing lightly. He inhaled raggedly, pulse thumping hard as she leaned closer, nipples grazing against his back. "Go upstairs, Peeta. Wait for me by the bed. Don't get undressed, or touch anything, just stand there." She punctuated the end of her sentence with another swat on his ass, making him jump. Peeta walked slowly towards the stairs, setting one foot in front of the other. He turned his head to glance back at her over his shoulder and got another swat for his effort. "I told you to go upstairs Peeta, not to look at me." Her voice was firm and hard and it made his cock twitch in his pants. Turning his face back forward, he finished walking up the stairs and down the hallway to their bedroom, eyes widening as he took in the changes she'd made. Sturdy hooks were in the walls and two long, fabric covered ropes hung from them, stretching the width of the room. An assortment of toys was laid out on the small table next to the window. He saw a small, flat paddle, a long, thin feather and a few other things he had no clue about. "Eyes to the wall, Peeta," Katniss said as she walked into the room. He jerked his gaze to the wall in front of him, flexing his fingers. He could see her in his peripheral vision, strutting across the carpet in those fuck me heels and he damn near lost it. He was so fucking hard, all it would take a stiff breeze and he'd be coming. She crawled onto the bed, lying back against the big mound of fluffy pillows, settling with her legs tucked sideways, watching him stand at the end of the bed. "Strip for me, lover." His startled gaze shot to her face and she inclined her head, winking at him. Lifting shaking hands, he pulled his shirt free from his pants, tugging it up over his head. "Slower Peeta, I want to enjoy the show." His hands hesitated on the waistband of his khaki's, mind whirling. He was no good with smooth moves, he looked like an ass whenever he tried to dance, or do anything sexy. Talk, he could do. Fuck, he could dirty talk a nun out of her habit, but this? Way out of his comfort zone. "You can do it, Peeta, show me your moves," Katniss said softly, teasing her nails against the soft silk of one of the pillows. He swallowed hard and nodded, rolling his shoulders to try to loosen up. He canted his hips from side to side, feeling incredibly ridiculous, but she smiled widely, encouraging him. His hands fumbled at the button at his waistband, finally getting it through the hole, and then sliding the zipper down, thrusting his hips forward, doing a pretty fair representation of the white boy shuffle. He moved his feet from side to side, pushing his hips forwards and backwards while trying to shove his pants down his hips. They slid to the floor and tangled in his feet and he stumbled, arms windmilling as he tried to stay upright. He lost the battle and fell flat on his ass on the floor in a tangle of khaki and embarrassment. "Peeta!" Katniss leaned forward until she could see him on the floor, her lips twitching as she fought back laughter. "Are you okay? I give you permission to answer." "I'm fine," he groaned, cheeks flushed a bright red. He leaned forward and unfastened the laces on his shoes, kicking them off before pulling off his socks, tossing them after his shoes. When his feet were bare, he shoved his pants the rest of the way off, pushing up off the floor and standing at the end of the bed once more. Katniss rolled to her knees, reaching out to cup his chin, forcing him to look at her. "I wasn't trying to embarrass you, you know that, right?" He nodded sharply, his humiliated flush still riding his cheeks hard. She rubbed her thumb along the line of his jaw. "I just wanted you to slow down so I can look my fill." Her other hand slid along the curve of his shoulder, along the line of his delineated bicep. "You're so strong, and defined," she said softly. "And it makes me so fucking wet when you lift those bags of flour like they weigh nothing, your arms flexing. I just want to drag you off into the corner and fuck you blind." His eyes met hers and tension coiled between them hot and heady. A sly grin tugged at the corner of his lips. "Permission to speak, Mistress?" Katniss licked her lips and nodded. Peeta let his gaze wander down her body, lingering on the swell of her breasts. "Since you got back, I think about being with you all the time, so much so that I have to go into the bathroom and jerk off just to make it through the day. I wake up hard, I go to bed hard." His gaze lifted back up and locked with hers, his voice a low, rough growl. "I dream about fucking you, so many ways." Katniss made a sound like a strangled squeak and his grin turned feral. He could smell her arousal and it was driving him mad. "I want to taste you, Katniss, run my tongue over your pussy and drink you in until I'm drunk on you." Katniss swayed towards him and his arms lifted