I love the way you lie… "You're coming home, right?" Katniss walked out of the small apartment she shared with Gale, onto the balcony where she could look down on the shittiest view known to man. "Yes, little duck, I'll be there in a few days. We have to wait for Gale to finish up the set he'd booked and then we're out of here." "I'm so excited to see you!" Prim said excitedly. "It's been so long." "A year and a half, little duck, hardly any time at all." "Says the girl who's living it up in LA while I'm stuck here in Podunk city," Prim said. Katniss could see her pout in her mind and she laughed. "You're leaving PodunkCity soon, little duck and heading out to New Haven and having all the fun." "Oh please, like those uptight yuppies are going to be any kind of fun," Prim said, laughing. "They're gonna take one look at me and roll their eyes. Scholarship kid, right there." "Prim! You worked your ass off and got a full ride scholarship to an IvyLeagueUniversity; do NOT blow it off like you're not the best thing ever!" "I love you, Katniss," she said. "Hurry home, I can't wait to see you!" "Me either, love you too, little duck." "So, what's the plan?" Gale asked as they passed the sign showing their exit in two miles. "Not sure, lemme text Prim, tell her we're nearly there." Katniss said, pulling out her phone and sending a quick message. "What're you going to do?" she said as she set the phone in her lap and looked over at him. He hadn't changed much since the day she'd shown up at his house and told him she was ready to leave whenever he was. Same spiky dark hair, tipped now with purple and green, grey eyes lined with heavy black liner, fingers adorned with thick, silver rings, tapping on the steering wheel as he drove. "Rory wants to talk to me," Gale said, rolling his eyes and making air quotes, "without mom being around." Katniss laughed. "Probably wants you to buy him beer now that you're legal." Gale snorted. "Please. Who do you think made me my fake ID last year? That boy's been drinking longer than I have." Katniss' phone vibrated in her lap and she picked it up, reading Prim's text. "She's working, wants me to stop by, says there's someone there who wants to say hi to me." "Where is she?" "The hospital. She got a job there a few months ago working with the physical therapists doing rehab." "Sounds like not fun?" Gale said, laughing. "How you two are sisters, I'll never understand it." Katniss shrugged. "She takes after Mom; I take after Dad, simple as that." She reached over to punch Gale on the arm. "Asshole, like you're anything like your brothers." Gale chortled. "True that. Can't really see Rory or Vick being down with the shit that happened last weekend." Katniss shook her head. "How many people did you fuck that night?" Gale shrugged. "Hell if I know, but I do remember using condoms, the box was empty when I woke up the next morning and I still had one glued to my dick." "Ugh, too much information!" "Prude, you love it, living vicariously through me." She rolled her eyes. "What the fuck ever. If I ever decide to fuck someone of the same sex, you'll be the second to know." "Promises, promises Catnip. We both know why you haven't fucked anyone since we left this shithole, even if only one of us admits it." She turned to glare at him. "I am not hung up on Peeta Mellark, so fuck you very much and keep your opinions to yourself. If I choose not to whore myself out to whoever makes the offer, that's my business. You might try it sometime, might help you remember where you left your fucking pants." "Damn, I miss those fucking pants too," Gale said, shaking his head and winking at her. "Relax, pissy pants. You're only here to see Prim graduate and then we're off to New York City and the party that never ends." "Says you. Have you thought at all how we're going to pay for this summer of debauchery?" "I have a few gigs lined up, and there's always waitressing, like the rest of the wannabe's do. There are a million and one fucking restaurants and they all need staff at some point." Katniss rolled her eyes. "Joy, another summer of slinging shit and having my ass grabbed. Cripes Gale, I should just go back to LA, at least there I can take a class over the summer." "Fuck that," Gale said, banging his hand on the steering wheel in time with the thumping bass pouring out of the shitty speakers in the van. "We're going to have an epic summer, you mark my words." "Epic," Katniss echoed, her stomach clenching as they passed the city limit sign. How the fuck was she going to handle being back here? "Katniss!" Prim turned away from her patient as her sister stepped into the room. "Hey little duck," Katniss said as the younger girl wrapped her arms around her neck, squeezing lightly. "Easy, I'll be here for at least a week; you don't have to get all your hugs in one." Prim laughed, stepping back. "That's the sister I know and love." She turned and Katniss froze as she came face to face with the person that had haunted her dreams for the past eighteen months. "Hullo, Katniss." Peeta Mellark! OH MY GOD, IT'S PEETA! Her brain was tripping, her tongue feeling a million sizes too big for her mouth and so dry she could barely swallow. She drank him in, from the top of his too shaggy and needs to be cut hair to the long length of his legs, encased in loose grey sweats. He looked terrible, like he'd been run through the wringer and come out the worse for it. His eyes were sunken into his head and his skin was waxy and pale. Stubble covered his cheeks, and it looked like it'd been there for awhile, it was almost long enough to call it an actual beard but it was him and the painful ache that accompanied every thought of him sat up and settled dead center in her chest like a lead weight. He sat in a chair at the end of what looked like parallel bars, sweat beading his upper lip. "Peeta," she said finally, dragging her gaze up from his legs to his face. She could feel the hot, prickly blush stealing over her cheeks and blooming across her chest as he stared just as hard at her as she had at him. Damn, it hurt to see him, hurt deep inside like a splinter that had festered and was impossible to dig out without screaming in pain. "You look like shit." Perfect, once again her mouth had decided to completely bypass any censoring by her brain and just spit out the first thing that popped into her head. He shook his head, laughing. "You haven't seen me in nearly two years and that's the first thing you say to me? Maybe Davin was right about you." Katniss snorted and rolled her eyes. "Davin took sadistic glee in torturing me with the pictures from 'Peeta's adventures in college', the bastard hated me." Peeta inhaled sharply, fists clenching in his lap. "There wasn't anyone else, despite what you thought," he said shortly. Katniss shrugged. No way was she ready to pick that scab, the wound beneath was still a gaping hole. She motioned to the bars. "What happened?" Those bluer than blue eyes met hers and she flinched at the pain reflected in them. "I just had my last surgery to try to repair my leg enough for me to use it again." "From?" Prim laid her hand on Katniss' arm. "Peeta was injured in the last game of the season last year at Notre Dame. His femur was shattered when he was blindsided by a Georgia Tech player. "Damn," Katniss said, her gaze straying to his leg and back again. Peeta rolled his eyes. "You can see it if you want, but I warn you, it's not pretty. I'll be lucky if I ever walk again without a cane." "Nonsense," Prim said, walking back over to where he sat. "That's just defeatist talk. You're not only going to walk again, you're going to be able to do almost everything you could before the accident. All it takes is some work and commitment, Peeta. You know what Dr. Portia said." "Primrose Everdeen, the eternal optimist," he said bitterly. Prim stared at him, hands rising to her hips. "Stop wallowing in self-pity, Mellark. It doesn't suit you. I'm going to get Dr. Portia so she can sign off on your at home exercises." She glanced between him and her sister. "Will you two be okay in here for a few minutes?" Katniss sighed. "We're not going to kill each other Prim." "Well, I'm not, not too sure about her," Peeta said, staring at her hotly. "You're safe, Mellark. We've already done enough damage to each other without me kicking you when you're down." "Play nice, children," Prim said over her shoulder as she walked out of the room with a clipboard in her hand. Katniss waited until her sister was down the hall before moving closer to where Peeta sat. "Since when did you become a quitter?" His head whipped around from where he'd been staring out the window, pinning her with his gaze. "What the hell did you say to me?" She moved closer until she stood right beside the bars, leaning down to rest her arms on the closest one. "You heard me, when did you give up on everything?" He glared at her. "Maybe it was the day I lost everything I ever wanted over a stupid picture and you refused to even give me the opportunity to explain anything." She snorted. "Bullshit, this isn't about that and you and I both know it." He shook his head, sighing in disgust. "Why do you fucking care? You made it abundantly clear you were done when you left town with Hawthorne." "I still care about you Peeta. It's not like I just shut it off." His gaze was bitter as it swept her face. "Right. You cared so much you had Abernathy chase me away with a shotgun rather than talk to me and then left town so you didn't have to even see me. Run away again Katniss, you're good at that." She drew back, standing up and folding her arms across her chest as she glared down at him. "Fuck you, Peeta Mellark. You left me first." He laughed mirthlessly. "I didn't give up on us, you did, remember?" She spun on her heel and stalked to the door, fully intending to leave him wallowing in his misery, but the memory of him standing in the pouring rain, refusing to give up on her stung her hard. She turned around and stalked back to where he sat, fisting her hand in his t-shirt, jerking him closer. "I care too much. That's why I left. I couldn't stay where everything reminded me of you." He stared at her for a long moment before lifting his hands and sliding his fingers through her hair, dragging her closer, lips covering hers in a heated kiss that she felt all the way to her toes. Her traitorous body remembered his touch, reveled in it. She hesitated for the barest second before kissing him back fiercely, hands scrabbling across his shoulders as their tongues mated and danced against each other. She moaned as his hand slid down to cup the back of her head, tilting it so he could deepen the kiss further. She was drowning, bliss rocketing through