Hey guys. You might know my fic called Not A Bad Thing, well I decided to write another one! I hope you guys enjoy it. I plan on just writing it in Prims POV but if you would like it in Cato's tell me in the comments! Please leave a review as to whether or not you think I should keep writing it. I wake up in the morning, and I felt my innerself collapse. Today was the first day of summer, the summer where I was eighteen. I knew there was no escaping it anymore. There was no way Rue was going to let me back out now. I groaned and flipped over in my bed and looked at her, sleeping in her yoga poses again. I shook my head and smiled at her. Rue and I had been best friends ever since we were in diapers. I hear my father open the door quietly and I turn my head to look at him. I smile as he silently laughs at Rue, he and her father were best friends at Panem High. He points to his watch and smiles at me. I slump and know that we have to get a move on. I nod my head and he smiles and exits. I smile as I get an idea, I slip out of the bed and walk over to my desk. My room is a light blue with a white bed and canopy. I have a bubble chair hanging from the ceiling by my bookshelf, and the wooden floor is covered with a white rug. I have a little balcony with a chaise lounge on it; and my walls are covered with posters, pictures, and award certificates. My closet door opens up on the other side of my desk. I slide my white rolling desk chair off to the side, and open up my laptop, also white. I push a few buttons until I find what i'm looking for. Rue has an obsession with a ton of bands, so a majority of the posters and pictures on the walls are from us going to concerts and of the band. I find a song of Rue's new favorite band, Summer Resistance, a boy band that had four members. The drummer was Finnick Odair, the bassist was Marvel Cassidy, the keyboardist Thresh Hood, and the lead singer and guitarist was Cato Hadley. I blared their new song 'Kiss Me Kiss Me' and I started dancing around. Rue jumped out of her yoga pose the moment it came on and started dancing with me. I laughed as she plugged in the speakers to make it even louder. She screamed the words and I started to laugh, she would do anything for her boy bands. My mom walked and started to dance with us and Rue and I started crying from how funny it was watching my mom dance. The song died down and we all wiped our eyes and sat on the bed. "Alright girls. Lets get a move on." my mom said after we calmed down. She walked out of the room "Breakfast in ten!" she yelled behind her. I smiled as Rue scrambled around the room. "I can't believe it's finally time Primmy!" she squealed as she stripped off her pajamas and into a dress that was white and lacey on the top with sleeves that went down to her elbows, and a black skirt that stopped just above her knees, the two colors were separated by a black belt that went around her stomach. I walked into my closet and pulled out a mini pencil skirt. "What do you think of this?" I asked her. She looked up from buckling her belt and her eyes lit up. "Damn girl, where'd you find that little thing?" she asked giggling. "From Katniss' closet of course, where else?" I said rolling my eyes and throwing it on the bed. I went back into my closet as Rue babbled on and on about the shoes she packed. "Do you think I'll need tennis shoes?" she asked as she looked questioningly at her cute blue nike runners and I nodded my head yes as I searched for a shirt. "You never know." I mumbled. I decided on a floral zip up crop top, that had three inch thick straps. I figured my pencil skirt would be high enough to cover my midriff. I dug out a pair of black flats that had bows on them. Rue was messing around with her curls as I brushed my hair. We heard the door open downstairs and the dogs starting to bark. I heard the booming laugh that could only be Benny, Rue's dad. Rue groaned and I just grinned. I loved Benny and Momma Sam, they were my second parents. "I can't believe they showed up." Rue said slouching. "Hey now, we both know you secretly wanted them too. You love your parents almost more than they love you." I said jokingly. She let a smile creep up on her as she applied more curl enhancer to her already really curly black hair. "Yeah I know." she said. I finished with my hair that was in slight waves, and I moved onto my makeup. I don't really like to use makeup, but Rue was basically born a cosmetologist, so I always put on a bit just to satisfy her. I slid on a bit of liquid concealer, a thin line of liquid eyeliner, and a bit of mascara. I decide I'll put on some lip gloss after I brush my teeth. I wait for Rue to finish doing her make up, and then we walk downstairs where we find mine and Rue's parents sitting at our big eight seater table drinking coffee. "Hello girls." Benny says smiling at us, his smile is so contagious it makes me grin like a little school girl. "Hi Benny" I say as I hug him. I then hug Rue's mother as she hugs her dad. "Hi Momma Sam." I say as she squeezes me. "Hello my flower." she says smiling. I walk over to grab mine and Rue's breakfast as Rue talks to the parents about the plan. "So we'll finish breakfast, brush our teeth, and then throw our bags in the back of Baby." Rue refers to the car my parents got me for graduating valedictorian out of our class of 2,000, with a full ride to Julliard School of Arts. It is a silver Mustang Convertible, brand new. I walk over with our plates of fruit and blueberry pancakes. "Then we'll drive to the airport and fly out to Alabama, and then have the best summer of our lives!" Rue exclaims as I roll my eyes. Our parents laugh at her excitement. "Well it sounds like you girls are going to have a fun time." my dad says. "Trust me Kenny, it's going to be the best." Rue says as she takes a big bite of her pancakes. He raises his eyebrows and smiles at my mother. We talk about plans of money and we promise to call at least once every two or three days. We finish eating and drag our suitcases down the stairs. I have two filled with clothes, one of shoes, one for toiletries, and another with my comforter and pillows. Rue has the same as me, only three for her clothes. We say goodbye to our parents and we load up baby, who is planned on flying down with us. I slide into the drivers seat and put the top down. "You ready?" I ask her as she plugs her phone into the stereo. "For our first summer as adults on our own? For the last summer we'll have filled with freedom? Hell no. But lets do it anyway!" she screams. I start the car and she blares another Summer Resistance song and we make our way to the airport. When we arrive, we check in and get our bags on the plane. I have to make sure that Baby gets to where she's supposed to be, and then we make our way towards our flight. "Oh my gosh Primrose, I am so excited!" she says, her grey microsuede boots trembling in anticipation. I smile. "Me too!" I say, even though I know this is not exactly the way I would have preferred to spend my summer. "Well, they're taking boarders now, lets go." she says, and we make our way to Alabama. The flight is about three hours, from New York. We make it there and it is around noon. We land nice and easy, which is good because I have a distinct fear of heights. We make our way to the baggage collection station where we wait for all eleven of our bags and suitcases. We then walk out to the car collection station where we find Baby waiting for us, not a scratch on her. We pile everything back into the convertible and I ask Rue how much time we have before we need to be there. "About an hour I'd say, check in is at around two and it's like 12:30 now." she responds, checking her phone. "Alright lets get something to eat." I say hopping in, and we drive around before we find a little restaurant called The Brick House. We walk in and are met with a smile from a man named Derek, and we are sat down outside. "I already love this state." Rue says as she watches Derek walk back inside. I laugh and we look at our menu's. "I'm gonna get some spaghetti and sweet tea." I say. Rue laughs. "Same." she says and we both laugh. The waitress takes our order and we eat. "Come on it's 1:30. We spent way too long in there." Rue says giggling as we race out and hop in Baby. "Where am I going?" I screech as Rue pulls up the directions and frantically gives me the route we're supposed to take. It takes us exactly a half an hour to make it there. "Oh crap oh crap we are so so late!" Rue says as she hops out. She grabs all six of her bags as I turn off the engine. I am so glad I wore flats today, as we ran into the main building that has in bold aqua lettering above it 'Camp Willow'. As we open the doors we see we are very late indeed, everyone is sitting down and turn to look at us, while a man that looks vaguely familiar squints his eyes at us. "Ah, these must be our two missing New Yorkers." he says smirking at us. "Yes sir." Rue says strongly, dropping her bags. "Well, have Miss Effie hook you up." he says yanking his thumb in the direction where we find a check in table. We smile at him and walk over. "Hello dears, how may I help you?" she asks us. She is a pale small lady, she has streaks of hot pink and gold glitter in her hair, with the most bizarre makeup. I could practically see Rue itching to fix it. "I'm Rue Woods. And this is Primrose Everdeen." she says with a fake smile. "Everdeen… Woods… Everdeen… Woods…" Effie says as she sorts through some files. Her eyes light up when she finds something "Oh you're our Juilliard Representatives." she says with a recognising smile. We nod our heads. "Okay girls, you will be in dorm number twelve. Here are your keys, and your schedules." she says handing us our papers. We smile and stick our bags in the back of the room and sneak in the back of the rows of chairs to listen to the rest of the man that looks familiar rant. Rue gasps and elbows me. "Thats Haymitch Abernathy! The manager for Summer Resistance!" she says. I feel myself relax, that's where I remember him from! "Okay campers, now