I did it. I completely rewrote the story. It still has the same plot, but it is written in much better format. Let me know what you think about it in the review section lovelies! 'Shifting eyes and vacancy, vanished when I saw your face.' ~ Enchanted (Taylor Swift) Prim POV: Light. That was the first thing I could register that morning. I could feel it shining through my blinds onto my pale face. I groggily opened my pale blue eyes and moaned as I realized what day it was. It was the last day of summer, the last day before my sophomore year. I yawned and stretched out and as I was rolling over in my bed I felt another body in my bed. I began to panic wondering who it was, but then I realized it was only my best friend Rue. She was still asleep with her mouth hanging slightly open and her body in a strange position, snoring softly. I smiled at her. She had dark skin that sharply contrasted my pale white. She was warm and smart, she had been with me through everything. I looked over at my alarm clock, to find that it was already ten in the morning. I knew that she would be upset if we spent the whole day sleeping away. "Rue…" I repeated over and over again, simultaneously poking her after each attempt at waking her until she finally showed some sign that she was alive. "Sorry, no one's home." she said lazily with her eyes still closed. "Come on, lets go get something to eat." I responded. "I'm not hungry" she lied, her stomach snitched her out by loudly growling right then. "Okay, maybe i'm a little hungry." she said. We both laughed and got up. We walked down the stairs of my average sized, two story house. It was a light blue on the exterior, with white doors and window frames. On the inside it was all cozy with warm wooden floors, and plush furniture. We walked downstairs and went to the breakfast bar in the kitchen. My mother was already up, singing and making us pancakes. She worked as a nurse at the local hospital, which gave us enough money to live a slightly normal life. When my father died in a plane crash while working for the army, we received a huge condolence check because my father was very high up in the air force. It didn't change the fact that our family was broken though. My sister, Katniss, had to work at the hospital in place of my mother while she went through therapy, and wouldn't leave the house for months. That was long ago though. My mother still hurts, we all do, but she still lives. "Morning girls" she said to us as we entered the room. "Morning mom" and "Morning Abigail" we said as we sat down. "I'm almost done with these pancakes, and then I've gotta go to work alright?" she stated. "Where's Katniss?" I asked, she usually always was here when mom made pancakes. "Oh she's out with Peeta again" she responded. "Oh" was all I could say. She and Peeta were becoming very serious lately. Especially now that they were going off to college together for the second time around as sophomores, and everyday I see her less and less. Rue could tell what I was thinking and quickly changed the subject. "So Prim, where should we go for our last day of summer?" she asked as she shoveled another bite of pancakes in her mouth. "I think we should go to the beach to soak in some rays, and then go to the mall so we can get some new clothes." I said. "Sounds good." she said with a smile. "I just have to stop by my house then and poach some cash out of my dad…" she now sat down in an expression of deep thought, probably coming up with a game plan on how to do that. "Primrose" my mother began her usual rant on not spending too much money. "I know you have been working at the hospital part-time at an 'internship' all summer, but I personally asked the doctors to tell you it was an internship rather than a job to make you less nervous. I held onto your paychecks for all summer and well, here they are." She said. I was in mere shock. I was handed six checks, two for each month, and each worth $250. Rue and I started jumping up and down excited for the fun we were going to have on our last day. My mother just smiled to herself, and cleaned the dishes for us as we raced up into my bedroom. We both started talking at once We started talking about the beach and the mall, and that evolved to clothes and boys and lord knows that that happens often. After we changed into our suits and grabbed our beach bags with the essentials we rushed downstairs and hopped into Rue's old mustang. It was her father's when he was a teenager, it was a light blue, with a removable top. He fixed it up, gave it a brand new radio and furnishings, and gave it to Rue for her 16th birthday. I, at 15 only had my permit and was car-less so this worked out pretty well in my favor. We turned up the radio, put the top down, and waved goodbye to my mother. Once we were out of sight we turned up the radio, our favorite song "Love Me Like You Do." by Ellie Goulding came on and we drove down to our local sunny Panem Beach. We sang and drove until the tires hit the sand, and then we plopped down on the beach and staked our spot, laying down on our towels and soaking in the summer sun. Rue didn't really need the sun, since she had a natural dark tone to her skin with long wavy hair to match it. I was pale and had long wavy blonde hair, and envied her every bit. I plugged my earbuds into my phone and decided to let the summer sun take away my troubles. Cato POV I woke up to the sound of my alarm clock, it was hell on my ears. The last day of summer, which eventually meant getting up everyday to the sound of the damn thing. My mom thought it would be a good idea to start waking up and going to bed early, so I could 'get back into a routine'. Sometimes my mother cares too much about me. I roll over and slam my hand down on the torturous device, it immediately stops. I debate whether I could roll back into bed or not, but I decide against it. My mother, Helen, calls me into the kitchen, and I sigh but follow the sound of her kind voice into our kitchen. I walk in the dining room and everything, as usual is crystal clean. My mother takes pride in that sort of stuff. My father, Rick, is sitting at the table along with my little twin sisters, Hannah and Savannah. I have an older brother, Brannock, but he is already off at the university. I try everything to follow in his footsteps, he was a real role model to me. "Good morning Cato" my father says to me. "Good morning father" I respond. My mother places a huge plate of waffles in front of me and asks me what my plans are for the day. I tell her that I plan on going to the gym this morning with Finnick, Marvel, and Gloss; and then this afternoon we were going to the beach as I inhale my breakfast. "That's nice dear" she responded with, as she was looking at something on her phone. I rolled my eyes, I loved her to death but sometimes my mother seemed to just be a bit distracted. "Can we go to the beach too?" Hannah asked with desperation in her eyes. "Please?" Hannah and Savannah both said at the same time now. I almost gave in, but I wasn't babysitting on my last day of summer. My father could tell that this was giving me a hard time, he loved my sisters as much as I did, and hated to see them disappointed too. "Girls, I already invited your friend Annabeth to come and play with you two in the slip-n-slide and sprinkler today." He stated, giving me a wink as they looked at each other and smiled. I used my chance and slipped off before they would notice I was gone. I changed into a pair of gym shorts and a cut off t-shirt. I checked my appearance in the mirror, and then asked myself what the hell I was doing. I shook my head, it's not like it mattered what I looked like. I brushed my teeth and grabbed my duffel bag, threw a pair of swim trunks in the bag and other things that I thought I might need for later. I ran out of my house, and realized I was probably running very late. I sighed at myself as I hopped into my Escalade. I started up the engine and quickly drove the short distance to meet my friends at our favorite gym. I pulled up in my Escalade and saw that the guy's were already here. "Shit!" I yelled, realizing just how late I was. I hopped out of the truck and ran in the building. The front manager knew me by my first name and just nodded when he saw me rushing in. "They're over by the elliptical and weights!" He yelled after me. "Thanks Brutus!" I yelled back. Sure enough they were all already there. "Hey guys." I said trying to hide the fact that I ran here. "Hey." they all responded. "What took you so long man?" Gloss asked as he spotted Finnick pumping iron. "Family stuff" I muttered as I joined Marvel on an elliptical next to his. "Ah" he gave a knowing response, knowing how my family worked. "So how about it?" Marvie asked. "Senior year, it's gonna be great." he said with enthusiasm. "It should be fun, but hey you never know what could happen." Gloss said. "Come on mate, Annie and I have the best year planned out ever." Finnick said from under the metal bar. Annie was his red haired beauty. Finnick scored Annie, and we were all severely shocked to learn that our one and only Finnick had settled with one girl. "What about you Cato?" Marvel asked me. "What about me?" I asked. "Come on man, how do you plan to spend your senior year?" Finnick asked. "Please, we all know Cato get's the bitches." Gloss said smirking. I rolled my eyes and shook my head, it was true. I did get bitches. I was sick of it though. I knew it was expected of me though, I just wished for once there was a chance for me not to be seen as the guy who get's the bitches. We all went around the elliptical, pumping, and spotting until we decided we earned ourselves a trip to the beach. We all climbed into our vehicles, Marvel and Gloss went into Marvies Jeep Sport, and Finnick hopped into his Hummer, and I in my Escalade. When we all arrived at the beach, it was packed. Perfect for girl hunting. I had my fair share in women, I had tried Clove, Glimmer, Enobaria, and Delly. None of them met my expectations, they were all exactly like the rest. Sluts, and bitches. Hey, I guess that's what's expected when you get a guy like me. Gloss had a twin sister named Cashmere that was strictly off limits, but Marvel had a thing for her. Gloss wasn't into the dating thing, said he'd rather have fun during high school, and