I OWN ABSOLUTELY NOTHING! Everything here and in the chapters following belong to Suzanne Collins- author of The Hunger Games trilogy. I throw down my bow in frustration as I reach my usual spot by the lake. I was uncharacteristically loud today during my hunt and I scared away any game within a three-mile radius. It looks like I will be going home with nothing. Not that it matters anymore, of course. After winning The Hunger Games I have more money than I know what to do with. Providing my family with food is no longer a concern for me but hunting took up so much of my life before the games I'm not sure what to do with my time. I hunt to get away from my new life in District 12. I find solace in the woods, enjoying the familiar calm it brings me. I enjoy coming to the Hob with something to give Greasy Sae. I enjoy getting out of The Victor's Village. Exhausted, I peel the quiver off my back and collapse on the soft grass underneath a large tree. I think my mind might be weighing down my steps. I rub the heel of my hands against my eyes. Nothing is the same. It's been two weeks since I've returned home from the Capitol. I wish I could rewind my life to what it was before the Games, but things are never that easy. I'm now beginning to realize that if you win The Hunger Games, you have to pay one way or another. At least Prim loves her new life. The only thing that's made me happy these past two weeks is seeing her smiling face as she marvels at all her new things. Prim loves her new room (one that is also inhabited by that mangy cat she calls Buttercup.) The other day I went into town and bought Prim beautiful cloth for her to make a new dress. I used to dream of doing such things but now that I have the money, and it's possible, I can finally do it. Prim's eyes went wide as she studied the fabric and the color. She loved it but apparently Buttercup thought it was a scratching post and it was clawed to bits in less than an hour. I hate that cat. Prim also loves the fact that I have more time to spend with her now that I don't have to hunt whenever she's done with school, which I don't attend anymore. Most of the time we just sit by the fire. Prim tells me about school and how Rory Hawthorne always tugs on her braids. I smile, knowing that Rory has a thing for Prim- Gale told me years ago. My thoughts drift to Gale. I saw him once since I've returned home. I couldn't find him after I got back from the Capitol and he's been working the mines. It's a new schedule for both of us. He came to see me a week after I returned. I am sitting at my kitchen table sipping tea when I hear a loud knock on the door. I had a feeling Gale was going to visit me soon so I am not too surprised when I open the door and am met with his gray eyes. " Catnip!" he exclaims and he wraps me into a bear hug, twirling me around. "I missed you." " I missed you too, Gale," I tell him. I'm not used to such outward displays of affection on his part so I'm slightly taken aback. Although, it feels good to hug him. To see him, because I've missed him. I miss my life before the Games, when everything was simpler. " I can't stay for long. I need to go home and help mother with Posy," he explains with resigned expression. Posy only goes to bed when Gale says goodnight to her. Gale is the father she never had, much like I'm the mother mine can't be for Prim. " Ok. Are we hunting again on Sunday?" I ask hopefully, itching to get back into a routine I'm familiar with. " Not this Sunday," Gale frowns. "I'm working special unit in the mines." Gale looks at his feet. Because he's no longer eligible for the Reaping, he has to find work in the mines and his schedule is very limited because of it. I look at Gale's face. He is exhausted. His dark hair is longer than I remembered and falling into his eyes. His face is covered in coal dust. It is no question that Gale is handsome. His strong features make all the girls at school crazy. Not to mention the lean muscle he's built up over the years from hunting and running through the woods. But I don't see him that way. I never have. He will always be Gale: my hunting partner and best friend. A friend I can't lose in a mine accident like the one that took my father. " Be careful, then," I tell him. " I'll see you next Sunday, though," he assures me and he smiles slightly. Like me, his smiles are harder to come by but I reciprocate anyway. I expect him to turn around but Gale bends down and places his lips on my cheek. Surprised, I freeze, every muscle in my body tense. I don't like this. I don't like this. I've dealt with romance more in the past month than I have in my whole life and I can't stand it. I don't want a family. I don't want kids. And that's what romance means to me. Maybe it's nothing. But the way Gale is lingering makes me uneasy. I'm about to close the door out of sheer anxiety but luckily Gale pulls away and smiles before walking back to the Seam. Relief. I hope in vain that it will be the same as before. But I am a Victor and he has to work in the mines. While he never has any time, I have more of it than I'd care for. I don't like the time. More time means more unwanted thoughts. "Like exactly what's happening now," I think to myself bitterly. I roll over onto my stomach and bury my nose in the long grass. My mind drifts to the conversation I had with Haymitch last night. It's around midnight and I'm braiding Prim's hair in front of the giant fireplace in our new house. Prim isn't tired and ever since returning from the Games I've had trouble sleeping. I'm just finishing her second braid when I hear a loud knock on our front door. Prim and I look at each other, unsure of who would be up so late. Slowly, I rise to my feet and make my way to the door. " Open up, sweetheart. We need to talk." It's Haymitch and he is drunk. I'm not surprised, of course, because Haymitch is drunk most of the time. What is surprising is his decision to visit me so late. I turn to Prim and quietly tell her to go upstairs. Once I hear the door to her bedroom close I open the front door and allow Haymitch into my house. His hair is greasy and rumpled and he smells of the white liquor I know he keeps hidden in a flask in his pocket at all times. It doesn't look like he has showered in days and his clothes are covered in a variety of stains. " Can I help you?" I ask him indignantly. Visits from Haymitch are never pleasant but visits in the middle of the night are worse; I haven't slept in days and the exhaustion is beginning to wear on me. " Nice to see you too, sweetheart. I would've thought I was deserving of a warmer welcome considering I helped you come home. Alive," Haymitch muses as he looks at me hard. It's true that I wouldn't have made it home alive without his help but I'm not in the mood for pleasantries. " Is there something I can help you with?" I repeat. " The Capitol misses you." Haymitch states. " Well that's too bad. To be completely honest, I don't miss them at all," I respond, unable to keep the vemon from my voice. " You know what I mean, sweetheart. They miss the act," he hisses at me while looking around warily. Right. They miss the star-crossed lovers of District 12. My stomach drops a little. I haven't spoken to Peeta since our brief conversation on the train while returning from the Capitol. From THG (pgs 371-373). Haymitch startles me when he lays a hand on my back. Even now, in the middle of nowhere, he keeps his voice down. "Great job, you two. Just keep it up in the district until the cameras are gone. We should be okay." I watch him head back to the train, avoiding Peeta's eyes. " What's he mean?" Peeta asks me. " It's the Capitol. They didn't like our stunt with the berries," I blurt out. " What? What are you talking about?" he says. " It seemed too rebellious. So Haymitch has been coaching me through the last few days. So I didn't make it worse," I say. " Coaching you? But not me," says Peeta. " He knew you were smart enough to get it right," I say. " I didn't know there was anything to get right," says Peeta. "So, what you're saying is, these last few and then I guess…back in the arena…that was just some strategy you worked out." " No. I mean, I couldn't even talk to him n the arena, could I?" I stammer. " But you knew what he wanted you to do, didn't you?" says Peeta. I bite my lip. "Katniss?" He drops my hand and I take a step, as if to catch my balance. " It was all for the Games," Peeta says. "How you acted." " Not all of it," I say, tightly holding on to my flowers. " Then how much? No, forget that. I guess the real question is what's going to be left when we get home?" he says. " I don't know. The closer we get to District Twelve, the more confused I get," I say. He waits for further explanation, but none's forthcoming. " Well let me know when you work it out," he says, and the pain in his voice is palpable. I know my ears are healed because, even with the rumble of the engine, I can hear every step he takes back to the train. I wasn't lying when I said it wasn't all an act. I wasn't lying when I said I was confused. I'm even more confused now that I'm home and whenever I think about Peeta confusion is really all I feel. I am brought out of my stupor by Haymitch's voice. " The reason you two came out alive is because of your undying love for each other. How will anyone believe you if you're never seen together?" " I don't think Peeta wants to see me right now." I respond. I remember Peeta's hollow voice and his expressionless face after our discussion by the train. He wasn't acting during the Games. For some reason he truly loved me and I broke his heart. I don't like to think about Peeta because when I do, I realize that I miss him, in some way. He is the only one who can relate to how I feel at the moment. The only one I'm sure doesn't sleep at night either. Peeta saved me, and I saved him. I can't shake that and I don't think he can either. While I rarely thought about Peeta before the Games, he always seems to be in my thoughts now. " Sweetheart, the boy is head-over-heels in love with you, of course he wants to see