Okay, so I decided to try a Twilight fanfic. I hope you like this. I worked really hard on it. It took me my whole Christmas vacation and then some to get it done so that I could get you guys the best Twilight fanfic I could make. I sincerely hope you review. Oh, and a little side note for you, I thank all my reviewers in each update. So I hope you review soon! BELLA/IZZY POV As I sit on this stupid plane next to this stupid little boy with the stupid flight attendant trying to hit on me, I realize that I will miss Phoenix. I will miss the sun burning my pale skin when I step outside to check the mail. I will miss watching my almost non-existent friends come to sit at my table out of pity at school. Hell, I'll even miss the creepy teacher who seems to think my eyes are on my chest! But what I'll miss the most, without a doubt, is my mother who was like a daughter to me. You see, for the last ten years, since I was 7, I've been taking care of my mom, Renee. She was always going out of her way to take care of herself and look for something to take up her time. But she seemed to think that doing life-threatening stunts was the perfect way. So as she was jumping out of planes with a parachute on her back, I was cleaning the house. When she went to go bungee-jumping, I was paying the bills. And when I got someone to get her from the hospital after falling off her mountain bike in the desert, I was cooking dinner. I am just glad Phil met her when he did. He stopped all that. He took care of her. I refused to let him take care of me. He paid the bills, he took her to less fatal clubs, and he helped her get her act together, and then went off to his baseball career and dream. He plays in the minor leagues but he's looking to get signed. So he moves a lot. And what does Renee do? She follows, leaving me to take care of myself. So finally, the day before she was supposed to go with Phil to Florida, I told her that when she came back, I would be gone and on a plane to the rainy Forks, Washington to stay with the only other man in my life; my father, Charlie. And of course she cried and begged me to stay. She said that I could have whatever I want but I told her I can't get my childhood back and went upstairs, bought my ticket, packed my bag, jumped in my car and paid someone to drive it up to me. So here I am, sitting on a plane and wondering why the hell I decided to come to a town where it had the most overcast days than freaking Alaska! But I'm doing this for Renee; my mother, my sister, my best friend, my daughter. God, I need to stop thinking of her like that. And this is the only way to. So I placed my headphones in my ears as the universal signal to leave me alone. But the little boy poked my arm and the flight attendant was shamelessly checking me out from his station with the drinks. I opened one eye to catch him walking over. I decided to have some fun. I took out my headphones and took a glance at the sleeping mother and son. Perfect. I looked over at the flight attendant and smiled a seductive smile. He perked up instantly and walked over faster. "Is there anything I can help you with, Miss?" he asked, letting me hear the double meaning in his words. "Yes actually there is," I said in a low voice. I grabbed his collar and pulled his ear down to my lips. "You can leave me alone and quit undressing me mentally. You can quit your flirting and you can stop staring at my boobs. You're pissing me off. I'm going to write a complaint to your superiors for sexual harassment and you are going to agree with everything that was said. Because I will never, ever, and won't even consider letting you get any closer to be than you are now. So back off," I hissed in his ear and shoved him roughly away for him. I saw his flash of anger before I glared and his face paled. He hurried off and I smiled to myself. Finally the plane landed. Right when I got off, I saw Charlie waiting for me. In my haste to get away from the perverted flight attendant, I rushed over and ambushed him in a hug. "Hello to you too, Bells," Charlie chuckled. "Hey Dad. Are we ready to leave?" I asked hurriedly. "Of course. Let's go." I grabbed his arm and we walked out of the airport to his cruiser. I hate that he's the chief of police. I am so glad I have my own car. The ride to my childhood house was silent. When we got there I grabbed the four suitcases I had brought and had Charlie carry two. We got up to my room where a full-sized bed with dark purple sheets sat along with a mahogany dresser, desk, and bookshelf. The bookshelf was already filled to the brim with all my favorite books. I had sent them to him prior to my decision so that I had them all here. I immediately started unpacking while Charlie simply went downstairs to watch some game on the flat-screen. I found that my closet had some clothes in it from my shy days. A time when I would walk around getting stepped on because I was too afraid to hurt someone. Now, I get into fights, wear a lot of smoking hot clothes, and speak my mind where it's needed. I hate my shy days and anything that reminds me of such. So I ripped them off their hangers and threw them into a little trash bin in the corner of my room. I have a special order in my closet. On one half are all my bottoms and the other all my tops. But then there's a certain order in each order. On the half with all my bottoms I put all my mid-thigh skirts first (fifty percent of my wardrobe), then my knee-length skirts (there's only two), and ending with all my jeans (the other fifty percent). On the half with all my tops it goes by sleeve-length and color. First I put all my black tops (seventy-five percent of my tops) in the closet starting with long-sleeved to spaghetti-strap, and then I put in all my other tops. I have about three to five shirts in every color. But if it's any bright color like yellow or orange, there's always some snappy remark on it to ruin how "happy" the color is. God, I hate bright colors. I put all my shoes on the floor and look at the differences in each. I've got about five pairs of three-inch-heeled, black, knee-high boots, three pairs of flats, two pairs of kitten heels, ten pairs of Converse in different colors and styles, and then I've got my one pair of three-inch gray heels with some weird sort of scrunched-up bow on them. Oh well. I had everything organized and the only thing I had to work on now was organizing my desk. Once that was done, I changed into a pair of sweats with a blood-red camisole and walked downstairs. I sat on the couch with Charlie and watched a football game between the Saints and the Bears. "Who you going for?" I asked. Don't say Saints, don't say Saints, please don't say Saints. "The Saints," he said distractedly. "You?" "Bears." That woke him up. He looked at me and I simply shrugged and turned back to the T.V. with the thought that this was going to get extremely tense. In the end the Bears won, just like I thought. "Ha!" I shouted at the end of the game and jumped off the couch. "Bears won! Saints suck. Admit it. We had a deal." I bragged. He grumbled and reached into his pocket where he took out a twenty-dollar bill and gave it to me. "Saints suck," he mumbled before going up the stairs. "Go to sleep Bella. I'll see you in the morning." "I can't go to sleep. My car's on its way here right now. I need one more hour." "Fine. But remember that you start school tomorrow." "I know." I still can't believe I'm a month behind everyone else. I'm enrolling a month after the year already started. God, this sucks. An hour later, my baby was delivered. Even though it was freezing out here, I didn't care. I ran out into the night to see my sapphire, almost navy, 2011 Toyota Corolla. I threw myself at the woman who was driving it over and hugged her tightly. "Thank you. I needed this car so bad," I said excitedly. I missed this car. The woman smiled and went off in another car that had been following her. Without another word, I locked the car, ran inside, and went to bed. I had an amazing day ahead of me. Let's see how long it takes for people to notice me here. I fell asleep to that thought and didn't wake up until about five-thirty in the morning. I jumped out of bed and raced to the bathroom where I turned on the hot water. I jumped in and immediately woke up under the relaxingly warm water falling down my hair and over my tired muscles. I hope there's a soccer team at this school. I need my soccer. When I got out I wrapped a towel around me and blow-dried and straightened my thick dark brown hair that fell about a centimeter above my shoulder. I used to have it to my waist but after an incident with some six-year old putting gum in my hair, I kept it short. I used to have it to my chin but wanted it a little longer. Then, if you look at it in the right light, you can see the natural red highlights that just littered it. When my hair was pin-straight, I ran out of the bathroom, narrowly missing hitting Charlie on my way out. "Oh, my god I'm so sorry!" I felt oddly embarrassed to be standing out here in the hallway in front of my dad in nothing but a towel. He nodded and grunted an 'okay' or something and just continued downstairs. I didn't hesitate to barrel into my room either. Standing in front of my closet in my black spaghetti-strap and boy shorts, I put a finger to my chin and stared at the choices I had to make. I can either look beautiful and conservative, sexy but slutty, or I can be in the middle. First day; gotta make an impression. So I grabbed my one mini skirt that reached the casual in-between section between my knees and mid-thigh. I slipped that on hurriedly and then had to stare into the depths of my closet for a top. I finally shrugged, deciding to wear my favorite blood-red V-neck that read 'Bite Me' in big black letters over my chest. The best part was the shirt gave perfect access to my neck, so I always found it ironic. I smiled at myself in the mirror and put on some black eyeliner, mascara, and a light coat of my nude lip gloss. I threw on my black knee-high heels that fit perfectly around my calves and had a sort of corset-looking thing on the back to tie up. So once that was tied, I took one more glance in the