"Bonjour! Welcome to Paris!" the tour guide exclaimed ecstatically. The preppy blonde woman beamed at the passengers of the bus. She then went into a detailed speech about the history of the city and the sights that "everyone absolutely must see!" Harry probably would've been interested in his vacation if he really had any chance to enjoy it. Unfortunately, Harry was in the company of his relatives, the Dursleys. They had only been in France since the night previous, and yet Harry was already completely miserable. He was actually surprised how unhappy he was already. 'They must have really wanted to make me feel like crap,' Harry thought, sighing and looking out the window. Suddenly, he felt something strange. It was almost as if something was pulling his head away from the other sights and onto a peculiar looking set of buildings. If Harry had to guess, he would've said the huge buildings were a university of some sort. The only thing that threw him off that idea was the fact that there were children maybe a year or two older than him sitting in the shade of a few trees that dotted the massive campus. He had to double take because the children were not wearing typical school attire. Instead, they wore blue robes with intricate designs and funny hats. If Harry didn't know any better, he would've said they were witches and wizards. He didn't say anything though. The Dursleys would probably cause a riot if Harry mentioned any sort of magic. A girl about his age looked up and saw him staring. She smiled and waved. Harry waved back as if he were in a trance, still staring at the large campus. "What are you waving at boy?" Vernon sneered, his piggy eyes darting to the same place as Harry was waving. "Where all those kids are. It's a school I think," said Harry as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. Vernon squinted before scowling. "Don't make things up, you little liar! Just wants attention as usual," he muttered, shifted his attention back to the tour guide. Throughout the day, he couldn't get his mind off of that campus. Something was strange about it and he wanted to find out what. That night, Harry found himself in the hotel room the Dursleys had rented by himself. They were going to some fancy dinner for Vernon's company, Grunnings, left him to his own devices. Naturally, he wanted to go exploring. He didn't rather mind going out by himself since it couldn't really be worse than the Dursleys' tender mercies. Besides, they probably wouldn't care if he'd left and never came back. So, Harry crept out of the hotel room with nothing but his wits and a determination to find that university. France was beautiful at night. The hotel room was fairly close to many sights so Harry wandered around a bit, really taking in the scenery. This time, it was much more pleasant to just be by himself and enjoying himself. People would occasionally give him strange looks but otherwise, it was rather peaceful. He couldn't help but smile as he went through the sights. Finally, Harry had his fill of tourism and set out to find that campus once more. He felt so curious and yet he had no actual idea why. Perhaps it was that girl that waved at him? No. His intrigue was far vaster than just her, even if she was rather pretty. After about an hour of searching, Harry felt more and more unsure if he'd actually seen the place. After all, Uncle Vernon couldn't see it. Harry had tried asking tour guides, tourists, and even policemen, yet his efforts bore no fruit. Harry checked his watch groaned. It was beginning to get late, around ten o'clock at night. Suddenly, he heard a bell tower start ringing behind him. He instinctively turned and his eyes immediately widened. "How did I not see it before?" Harry whispered to himself in awe. He took a step forward and felt a light pull at the back of his mind. There was something about this place that made Harry want to hop the fence. Harry reached the gates and wrapped his fingers around the bars. The cool steel sent shivers down his spine and he suddenly felt energy wash over him. His hair rippled in nonexistent breeze. He let out a breath he didn't realize he'd been holding in. Harry began to climb the gates, more desperate than ever to get over them. When he reached the top, a strong wind picked up and flung him backwards. Harry was sent flying back onto the sidewalk of the street. He landed hard on his back and groaned. "What the hell was that?" he muttered to himself. The feeling of peace was no longer with him. He squinted at the bars and sighed. He didn't really want to try climbing again and the gate was locked. Harry turned to walk back to the hotel room where he knew the Dursleys were going to yell at him and probably punish him. Not because they loved him of course, but because they hated him. Harry mentally prepared himself and took one step forward before he heard a voice behind him. " La porte est charmée de garder les étrangers, vous savez, " a girl said from the other side of the gate. Harry spun on his heel and approached the gate once more, staring at the beautiful teenager before him. The girl was a few years older than him and she radiated beauty. Her piercing blue eyes stared at him through the bars accusingly. Even if she seemed angry with him, he couldn't help feeling drawn to her. She coughed as if to indicate that she was expecting an answer. "What?" Harry said stupidly. He mentally face palmed. The girl went from accusing to curious instantly. "You are English, non ?" the girl asked with a heavy accent. Harry nodded silently. "If you can see this place, then you must be magic. I have not seen you around before. Who are you?" "H-Harry Potter," he said, finding his voice. Her eyes widened. The girl immediately grasped the bars and leaned her face in. " The Harry Potter?" she whispered in awe. "I suppose so. Why?" Harry asked, feeling very confused as to how the girl knew his name. He didn't recall meeting her before. "Wait here!" she shouted before racing across the yard and into one of the main buildings. Harry felt thoroughly bewildered by the teen but he also wished to learn more about this strange place that no one seems to see. As Harry waited, he realized that not only did no one take notice of the huge campus, but no one seemed to even want to be on the same sidewalk as the buildings. Whenever people got close, they would either turn around and walk away, or they would cross the street, walk the length of the campus, and then cross it again. Not one other person passed Harry. He felt curiosity burning in his chest. "So this must be Mr. Potter," a woman said as she approached the gates. This woman was very tall; at least eight feet. Harry gaped at her and she chuckled. Harry turned red when he realized he was probably being very rude. He quickly averted his gaze towards the ground. "Um… hi," Harry said, embarrassed. The girl from earlier appeared from behind the tall woman. "See, Madame Maxime? I told you it was Harry Potter! He's even got the scar!" She exclaimed, pointing at Harry's forehead. Harry didn't realize it was possible to be more embarrassed than he was already but his scar was a bit of a weak point of his. It reminded him of his parents and he'd always been a bit ashamed of them. From the explanations of his aunt and uncle, his parents were drunks who'd got themselves killed in a car accident. Everyone else had a mum and dad who'd loved them and were nice but Harry didn't. He had alcoholic parents and Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia. He knew deep down that his aunt and uncle were lying to him about his parents, but it still hurt to mention them. "Tsk tsk, Fleur. Try to have a little more decorum," Madame Maxime said in a reprimanding tone. Fleur blushed and muttered an apology. Harry looked up once more to see Madame Maxime smiling at him, "Fleur tells me that you tried to get over our gate." "S-sorry Ma'am." "Do not apologize, Monsieur Potter. I never imagined you would ever find your way to Beauxbatons but I am very happy nonetheless," Madame Maxime said fondly. Harry raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean, Ma'am?" "What do you know about your parents, Harry?" she asked. Harry frowned. "My aunt and uncle tell me my mum and dad were drunks who died in a car accident," Harry explained abashedly. Madame Maxime raised her eyebrows and Fleur looked indignant "They're liars!" Fleur said venomously. Maxime put a hand on her shoulder. "Calm yourself Fleur. I always wondered what happened to you after the night your parents died but Dumbly-dore never said… From what I see, I guess you live with muggles, yes? I suppose you don't know much about our world then, Mister Potter," Madame Maxime said sadly. "Your world?" Harry asked. "Yes. Come inside, Monsieur Potter. We have much to discuss," she said. She whipped a long piece of wood from her robes and flicked it at the gates. They flung themselves open with a loud squeak and Harry stepped forward, into the campus. Suddenly, Harry felt warmth wash over him like before and he smiled. The halls were deathly silent except for the sound of the three of them walking. Lamps with blue fire adorned the smooth wooden walls. Their shadows danced across the marble floor and Harry was intrigued beyond measure. Some of the things he'd already seen were beyond comprehension. "Let us start at the beginning and work from there. You are Harry Potter. Your parents, Lily and James, were magical. Your mother was a witch and your father was a wizard," Madame Maxime said simply. Harry opened and closed his mouth a few times, trying to comprehend what she had just said. "Witches and wizards? Like with magic spells, potions and flying broomsticks?" "Precisely," Madame Maxime had a ghost of a smile dance across her lips. She always loved seeing the reaction of those raised by muggles first being introduced to magic. Harry felt the warmth from earlier stir in his stomach. He knew in his gut that "But that's not possible," Harry breathed. "Oh I assure you, Monsieur Potter, it is. For example… Wingardium Leviosa," Madame Maxime said in a commanding tone. Suddenly, the vase that was sitting on her desk floated five inches above the desk. Harry let out a laugh and then covered his mouth. "If my parents were magical, does that mean I am too?" He asked, thinking back to the times when odd things happened around him. "Oh yes, Harry. You are definitely a wizard. Hell, by the time you're an adult I would bet that you will be very powerful," Madame Maxime said. "But wait, how did my parents die in a car crash if they were magic?" "They didn't." "What?" Harry said, bewildered. "Your parents definitely did not die in a car crash. That is for sure. Unfortunately, they were murdered by a very dark wizard by the name of Voldemort," Madame Maxime said sadly. She had not known the Potters personally but she'd heard of their huge contributions to the light side of the war. "Oh," Harry stated. His eyes had gone glassy as he thought carefully on the words of Madame Maxime. "Anyways, Voldemort then attempted to kill you as well using one of three of the most despicable spells known to