I don't own Lord of the Rings. Legolas Greenleaf resisted the urge to start pacing. He was the last interview programmed for that afternoon, for what he saw. A lot of hot and apparently talented men had gone before him. He didn't feel so sure of himself when he entered the room, although he was aware of the looks he got as soon as he walked in. I promise you, Legolas, the job will be yours. He could still hear his cousin Arwen lecturing him to try, and to go specifically at this time, 4:30 pm, to Gondor's, the multimillionaire and richest company in the world, owned and managed by the richest and sexiest human being ever: Aragorn II Elessar. And he was gay, too. Crap. This is going to be hard. He was gay. He was well aware of the fact that Elessar was hardly ignored. Even though he had seen Aragorn several times and observed he rather avoided crowds around him, he just had that charm that made everyone want to be close to him. "Legolas Greenleaf", 5:15 pm sharp, just the time he had been promised he was going to be called. He stood up and followed the receptionist. They took the elevator and the long-haired man noticed the woman press the button with number 16 on it. It was the last floor, of course, "You will address them as 'sir' unless told otherwise, and you will answer honestly every single question they make, understood?" "Yes, ma'am", was the only thing he could come up with. The woman checked something in her smartphone, the elevator's door opened but she made no sign of moving. "Straight, turn left and knock the door at the end of the hallway", she pushed Legolas off the elevator and left him alone. The blond man sighed, and did as instructed. He knocked. "Come in", a deep, slightly hoarse but yet soft male voice said. He could just hope that wasn't his voice. If it was, he was going to be so screwed. He went in, and closed the door behind him. There were three men, three really hot and sexy men. Two of them seemed to be brothers, and the third one (in the middle) was without a doubt Aragorn II Elessar. "You must be Legolas Greenleaf. Please take a seat", the one on Aragorn's right said, "I'm Boromir Prince, a pleasure", the voice didn't belong to him. Legolas sat in the armchair he was being offered, "So... you probably already know Aragorn II Elessar, owner and manager of this company. I'm his right hand" "And I, Faramir Prince, am Boromir's brother and Aragorn's left hand", the other one said. He seemed one year or so younger than Boromir. The voice wasn't his either. Crap, "We will make you some questions, and I suppose Lucy already told you how to answer them" "Yer, sir" "Oh, no. Call us by our given names, please", Boromir said. Legolas nodded, "Okay, here we go. When did you graduate from college?" "Three years ago, I was eighteen", he said. "What did you study?" "Business, and Arts", Legolas said. People often told him how odd that combination was. Seriously talking, he studied Business just because he knew art was not really appreciated by everyone, so he had to get a degree that would allow him to have a permanent job. "That's an interesting combination. Did you like both things?", asked Faramir. "I preferred Arts, actually. Business was easy, but it really wasn't what I would've liked to do during my lifetime", Legolas confessed. "Is that so? Then why did you get both?" "Society doesn't value art too much nowadays, I just had to had something that would help me get a steady job", he was a really honest man. Faramir and Boromir glanced at each other and then looked at Aragorn, whose blue eyes were watching him intensely, sending shivers down his spine from time to time. "Why should I hire you, Legolas?", Aragorn finally asked. Legolas panted just by hearing his voice again. Oh, gods, he was just too perfect to be true. He just wasn't human. There was no way a human could be so perfect. "Uh... well, I learn fast and I always try to do my best in everything I do", the blond said. "A lot of people tell me that, you know", Aragorn said. "Oh, really?" "Tell me other things" "I really don't think I'm better than others. I am who I am, and I can do a lot of things if I want to, and I can do them greatly if I put my effort into it, but I guess most people can do that. Seriously, I don't have any argument that would make me stand above others", Legolas blurted out in a rather annoyed tone of voice, forgetting that Aragorn was his possible employer. As soon as he realized it, he scolded and slapped his face in his mind, and waited for some furious reaction from Elessar, or at least a 'go away, we don't want you then'. But he didn't expect that sexy beast to smile, specially not like that, with so much charm and sweetness. "You're hired, Legolas. You, in fact, have many qualities we are looking for. Humility, like not bragging about how smart you are, honesty, like telling us why you want the job, and responsibility, that you actually were the only one who actually showed up on time for the time you were summoned. You obviously stand above the others", Legolas blinked twice and looked at him in disbelief. "I... really?" "Yes. Lucy will take care of your uniform and all that. You start on Monday, Legolas. And welcome to Gondor", Aragorn gave a hear-melting smile. The blond man blushed slightly. That's how Legolas got his own "How to..." manual from Boromir, who winked at him as the blond received the two sheets of paper with printed instructions on how to be Aragorn's personal assistant. 1. How to make his morning coffee: don't do it yourself. Starbucks, Venti, half and half of coffee and whole milk, one tablespoon of chocolate (preferably syrup; if there's no syrup, try with powder), and add four sugars That could hardly be called a coffee, Legolas thought as he got the order from the closest Starbucks, where apparently every employee knew how much of each thing Aragorn needed. "Boromir used to pick it up, but, you know... things happen", the cashier had said. Legolas didn't really understand what he had meant, but he didn't find himself too eager to know either. He pressed the button in the elevator and read the second instruction. 2. How to face him in the morning when he hasn't taken his coffee yet: stay away from furniture and sharp things, talk to him sweetly and calmly. Don't you dare to lose your temper with him So Aragorn definitely wasn't a morning person. The door opened and he walked towards Aragorn's office. He knocked. "Come in", gods, that voice. Legolas placed his serious mask on and entered the room. He didn't close the door, just in case he needed to run away from a maniac zombie. Aragorn was there, sitting down in his chair, with impatience written all over his face. It could be seen that he was really trying to stay still, but two seconds passed and he was already in front of Legolas, "Good morning, Legolas" "Good morning, sir" "Call me Aragorn", his boss said, and suddenly he found himself wrapped in Aragorn's arms while the older man was kissing his pale and soft neck, "And you taste like vanilla... delicious...", Legolas had gone frozen mode, but really enjoying his boss' touch. It just felt so good. NO! THIS WAS BLOODY WRONG! He freed himself from Aragorn's grasp, and took a couple of steps backwards. "I brought you coffee, sir" "Thank you. I'll drink it and then we'll continue this", Aragorn smiled as he took the coffee cup, and after he drank it his grin grew wider, "Just perfect. Oh, Legolas, did I do somehing to you... eh... while I was on 'morning+no coffee mode'?", he asked rather sheepishly. Legolas blinked twice. "Well, you said..." "Gods..." "I taste like vanilla", Legolas finished with a strong blush. Aragorn seemed embarassed. "I forgot to tell you... if I don't drink coffee in the morning, I act... uh... well, horny if you want to see that way, but sometimes is just violent... well, Boromir one day suffered my violent mood and... he thought a personal assistant could be better. It's just that Boromir and Faramir are like my brothers so... they thought me having a stranger as an assistant would kind of control me. The first try didn't last two hours", he confessed, "You... you can leave if you want", he muttered. "No, it's okay. My own father's antics were enough training, anyway... I will stay", Legolas said. Aragorn smiled, again, in that heart-melting way. Gods, couldn't he help to Legolas' self-control? Seriously. "Thank you. You don't know how much that means to me", the tanned man said. Legolas nodded and left the office to go to his assigned desk, just outside the office. Crap. How long would he last like this? First day and it was already hard to resist that man. No. He had to be professional, he could do this. There was never a most satisfied man than Legolas when Aragorn told him he was the best assistant he could have asked for. That was a year ago, he was now going to reach two years and a half in a month. Yes, he kept counting. Because he had fallen in love with his boss. He knew it shouldn't be that way. But he already knew by heart every antic of his. He never drank beer unless it was at the beach, at sunset, and it had to be cold. No sea food unless it was fish sticks with Tartar sauce, or breaded shrimp with Thai sweet-and-sour sauce. Apple, yes, but not green apple, no kiwi, no papaya. No vegetables, exception made by potato, and in some special occasions, carrots. His lasagna always had to be home-made (Legolas had to learn how to cook). Allergies: excessive dust (made him sneeze and have a runny nose for a while) and sudden changes of weather (he looked like he had the flu if he wasn't given his special anti allergic pills). The only way he would eat sushi was Mr. Manchego Roll from Mr. Sushi, because it had cheese and was fried. He also liked onigiri (rice balls). If he was moody, the onigiri had to be shaped like pandas or (in extreme cases of moodiness) like bunnies. Legolas loved all these and other antics, like his 'morning+no coffee' mode, when he acted horny... if he was violent he just ran for his life and entered Faramir's office, which was the closest to his desk. Faramir laughed every time he went into his office in the morning with a panic face. "It isn't easy, but at least you haven't quit", today was one of those days, "Sit, Legolas, I think Aragorn won't call you for another hour", Faramir said with a smirk. The long-haired blond sat down in the armchair, "Tell me, since when do you love him?", Legolas paled. Faramir smiled, "I've seen how you look at him at times. Then you seem to be in denial. You always blush when he smiles your way, or even walks you way sometimes. I've seen how you hurt when he goes on a date with another man. Admit it, Legolas, there's nothing you can hide from me. I'm your best friend, remember?" "Yeah, but..." "Boromir is Aragorn's best friend. He knows practically everything about him, just like I know everything about you. We've talked. Aragorn loves you. He just is stupid in this matter. And you love him, but you're way to far to admit it, for