Disclaimer:::: I don't own anything besides my dear OC's. I really wished I owned Teddy though, but unfortunately, I don't. Teddy saw the fuming scarlet train and knew. It was time. He sighed, tears threatening to spill down his face. He turnd around to see the crying figure of Victoire, who lunged herself forwards, clinging to Teddy's neck, almost knocking him over. "Please, write whenever you can, will you?" She asked, her voice breaking and Teddy nodded, letting out a few tears of his own into Victoire's silvery blonde hair. "And please don't forget me Teddy. No matter how many great friends you make...you're my very best friend and I love you too much to be forgotten like that." Teddy held her tighter. "I'll write don't you worry, and it's pretty impossible to forget you anyways," they giggled. "No matter how many friends I make, they won't be nothing compared to you. Even if I manage to make a best friend, Vic, you're my best. And I love you too." He said, finally letting go of the girl's tight grip. After saying his goodbyes to his Grandma and Godfather Teddy started moving his trunk to the cabins. A girl caught his attention, a sandy haired girl with bright blue eyes and square glasses. She also noticed two adults, presumably her parents who were yelling and scolding her. She looked like on the verge of tears. The man looked tall and had a thick brown mustache with balding spots on his hair, the woman was tall and slim, with a perfectly cut black hair. They didn't seem like really nice people. She saw the girl mutter something in response and enter the train. Without a hug. Without the last bit of love to their daughter. Teddy shuddered. What type of parents could do such thing? He was one of the last ones to actually enter the train, that was rather full. There wasn't a single empty compartment and he was getting strange stares from most of the people. It was probably because of his wild blue hair he sported, and he was getting pretty sick of it so he just entered in the first compartment, cursing under his breath. "Um...hello..." He turned around and noticed the same bright blue eyes and big square glasses from before. The girl was sitting by the window and staring confused at Teddy. He noticed she was much prettier when she wasn't frowning. "Er...Hi, I'm sorry about that, I was looking for a place to stay and...I'll...just leave." He said sheepishly but before he could head out from the compartment he heard the girl's sweet voice. "I don't mind if you stay, really. Take a seat." She said, then turning a bright shade of pink. "I mean, if you want to..." She said, looking down at her feet then back to stare at the sky. Teddy let out a relieved smile and sat across from her. "Thanks! I'm Teddy by the way, Teddy Lupin." He said offering the girl his hand. She seemed to pale up for a second, wide eyed, staring at Teddy for longer than he felt comfortable. "Are you okay?" The girl quickly snapped back to reality, blushing madly. "Yeah," She coughed awkwardly. "Sorry I just um..Anyway, Angeline Brown. Angie for short. Pleased to meet you. Nice hair, by the way. My parents would never let me dye mine" She said with a shy smile. "Oh, I'ts not dye, I'm a methamorphmagus." He said and her jaw dropped. "are you really?" Just as he was about to respond two panting figures, one a rather lanky boy with light brown hair and hazel eyes and the other a quite short girl with long curly brown hair that went down to about her waist and forest green eyes. Their resemblance was obvious. "Hey," Said the boy, letting go of the girl's hand. "So, do you mind if we stick around? It's our first year and we kind of ended up in the prefects compartment. " He said and the girl's cheeks went to a bright vermilion as she glared at her brother. "I told you we weren't supposed to be there! It was written at the door, but no, why listen to me right?" She huffed. "You can sit here, not a problem." Angie said, smiling and the lanky boy sat besides her while the short girl sat besides Teddy. "I'm George Smith and this is my twin sister, Eleanor." The boy said, shaking both angie's and Teddy's hands, the girls did the same. "Please call me Ellie, Eleanor is hideous." She said and all four laughed. The two of them seemed like really nice people, though Teddy. He was quite relieved to be finding nice people to stay around, even Angie seemed cool, though she seemed more closed and distant, and maybe even kind of sad. "Your hair is awesome!" Cried Eleanor. Teddy flushed slightly. He never liked to get much attention. "Yeah so, I was just telling Angie. I'm a methamorphmagus." Teddy explained and George and Ellie looked confused. "You know...someone who can change their appearance at will." he said. Eleanor and George exchanged sheepish looks and went silent. "So, what houses do you think you're going to be sorted in?" Asked Teddy to break the awkward silence and Angie seem stiff. George and Ellie looked at him confused and then looked at each other with confusion. "Houses?" Said George questioningly. "Yeah, you know, Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff. You do know them, right?" Asked Teddy. George looked uneasy and Ellie bit her bottom lip, blushing slightly. "N-no actually. We probably should've read some of the books before. We're...what's it called? numdleborns? Mumble-something..." She said and Teddy quickly understood. "Muggleborns! Oh I get it." Teddy said. He never had a problem with muggles, actually, much like his "uncle" Arthur he found them quite interesting. He listened to muggle music like the beatles, the rolling Stones, but is favorite band of all time would always be the weird sister, magical band or not. "I'll explain for you then. Students at hogwarts are divided into four houses: Slytherin, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff. Each house values something that the founder of the house thought to be important for students. Slytherin values leadership and cunning, Gryffindor values bravery and chivalry, Hufflepuff value loyalty and friendship and finally Ravenclaw values cleverness and wisdom." He explained and the twins nodded. "Well the, I'm not really sure in which one I would end up," Said George thoughfully. "Each one seems great but I think HufflePuff and Gryffindor seem like the ones I'm most likely to be in...Though I probably have a high chance to be a Hufflepuff, I'm not so brave to be a Gryffindor." He said and Teddy laughed. "Yeah I think I might be a Hufflepuff too for the same reasons. And you Ellie?" Eleanor seemed to think for a second before speaking up. "I think either Ravenclaw or Huflepuff. I really love learning new things and having knowledge, but loyalty and friendship seems nice." She said. "And I hope I end up in the same house as Georgie here. I wouldn't like to be all by myself!" She said, sounding quite exasperated and George looked the same. "don't worry. Even if you are on the same house it doesn't mean you'll be totally separated. There are loads of classes that many house have together and on your spare time you'll be able to see each other." George and Ellie seemed relieved. They really seemed like the joined-at-the-hip sort of twins. "And you Angie?" Asked George and Angie shifted uncomfortably. "Well," She began. "I really do hope I'm put either on Slyhterin or Ravenclaw. If I don't my parents will probably disown me." She said. sounding nowhere near joking. "Why?" Asked George. "You see, there used to be a lot of chivalry between houses n my parents time. Slytherin despised Gryffindors and Ravenclaws despised Hufflepuffs. Mother is a Ravenclaw and Father is a Slyhterin. They say I'm too stupid to be a Ravenclaw, so I best hope I'm put in Slytherin." She said shuffling her fingers nervously. "They are very, very strict you see..." The air seemed to thicken and Teddy felt a little uncomfortable. She really didn't seem happy with her parents, but what could they do to her if she was sorted on another house? "Anything from the trolley dears?" Asked and old looking witch, pushing over a trolley full of all types of candy. Harry had told Teddy that when he first met Ron he had bough one of each sweet for them, as Ron had brought only some funny looking sandwiches. Teddy wasn't planning on doing that though, as he only had one galleon and a few sickles. He rummaged through his pocket and gave the money t the witch "I'll have a pumpkin pastie, a chocolate frog and a bertie bott's every flavored beans please." He said kindly and the witch gave the sweets and a few sickles and knuts as change. "Quite into candy, aren't you?" Said Angie with a cheeky smile. "Aren't you?" Asked Teddy and she shook her head. "I only like chocolate frogs, and most of the time I don't even eat the whole thing, I just collect the cards." "What cards?" Asked Ellie and Teddy showed her the one that came with his chocolate frog. It was Dumbledore, much to Teddy's dismay as he already had about a thousand of those. Ellie's eyes seemed to wide when the picture started moving and then it suddenly disappeared. "What the..." and then she let out a shriek when the chocolate frog jumped from the box, getting as far away from Teddy as possible. Teddy and Angie laughed hardly. "It's okay, it's just an incantation!" Said Teddy, still chuckling. "See?" He took a big bite off the chocolate frog head. It was back to being just a piece of chocolate. "I think I'm just going to stick with muggle candy for now..." Said Angie, pulling a snicker bar from her bag that she had brought to the compartment. Teddy stared at it, expecting it to do something, but it didn't it was just there, still. "so you want a bite?" she asked suddenly, unwrapping the chocolate bar and taking a bite herself. Teddy noticed the peanuts, the caramel..."go on, try it!" She said, and Teddy hesitantly took the bitten bar from her hand and bot into it. His eyes widened and she looked at the candy like it was pure gold. it was sweet, yet not overly sweet, it was crunchy, it was wonderful. "liked it, didn't you" Asked George, smirking. Teddy nodded his head vigorously. "You can keep this bar, George brought every single muggle candy on the book." Ellie laughed and George looked offended. "Did not!" Ellie looked at her brother with a cheeky smile and opened his bag. there were chocolate bars, lollies, chocolate bars and etc. George flushed, Ellie laughed while Angie and Teddy looked at the candy curiously. "I have to keep in stock! what if I don't like wizard candy?!" All three laughed and George flushed even harder, but laughed as well. "But anyways, in the muggle world pictures and cards don't tend to...move." Ellie said, grabbing the card and staring at Dumbledore who had come back and was bow winking at her and George nodded. "They don't?" asked Teddy. "No, see," George said, searching through his back pocket and pulling a photoghraph. In the Photograph were Ellie and George and in between then was a little girl with missing teeth, probably eight or seven, smiling widely holding onto George's hand. There was also a old looking lady, with a kind smile and a big white bun. "This is our little sister, Jane." pointed George to the little girl. "And this is our Gran. Her parents were magical, but she wasn't. And then she married a muggle and had our muggle mom who married our