AN: Special thanks to Kristin (showeringwithhutcherson) for pre-reading this thing! Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games or any characters which are mentioned in my story, everything belongs to Suzanne Collins Katniss' pov When Prim had first dragged her into one of those antique museums she had no idea what to do with it. Katniss was never the one to appreciate art, especially because she saw it as a waste of time. But she did it for her sister; she would do anything for her even if it meant pretending that she understood what Prim was so excited about. For Katniss, everything looked the same. But when she found herself wandering aimlessly through the city with a few hours to kill before her next job interview, she decided to check out the new exhibition at the local museum Prim had been raving about for days now. At least there would be air conditioning in the building and she could quickly make a detour into the cafeteria if she wanted. As soon as she entered, she breathed a sigh of relief at the cool air that instantly hit her. For a few moments, Katniss studied the board to find out which kind of art they were actually displaying, but the only thing she could find were a few lines of which she figured to be Latin poems. For about half an hour she wandered randomly from one statue to the next and even though she didn't know much about art, she was truly impressed. This was unlike anything she had ever seen before, because those statues looked just as human as the man who was currently standing next to her. She seemed to have voiced her thoughts out loud because the man excitedly nodded at her and said, "they really do look realistic don't they? Watch out sweetheart, you might find something unexpected between all those old stones." Katniss didn't get the chance to answer anything, because the man immediately turned around and walked straight out the door, not even bothering to look behind him one more time. As soon as he was gone, Katniss' head started to swim. What could he have meant? What was she supposed to find between those old things? She shook her head and decided to let it go, figuring the man had to be confused himself. Just as she was about to approach another rather appealing piece, her the alarm on her phone went off. She was going to have to hurry if she was going to make it to her appointment on time. As she made her way to the offices of the paper she was interviewing with, she couldn't get that last sculpture out of her head. She hadn't had much time to look at it, but from what she was able to see it was utterly different from the others. She made a mental note to check it out after her interview, even though that meant returning home even later than she had planned to. An hour later, Katniss left the building with a proud smile sitting on her face. She had always dreamt about writing for "The New Yorker" and after that interview she was even more confident that she would love working there. Now she would just have to wait to hear back from them, hopefully with a positive response and not another rejection like after her previous job interviews. During the interview, she had entirely forgotten about the statue. But now as she was walking right past the museum again, she felt a strong pull that led her to check it out a second time. Now that Katniss was finally able to take her time, she was able to make out how detailed the whole statue was. It was the image of a young man, an incredibly handsome young man at that. She figured he was most likely Roman nobility or something, given that he had been sculpted in the first place. The sign on the pedestal he was standing on gave no indication of who he was. Instead there was one single line written on it. The one who is not looking for it will know what to do. She was surprised that it was neither in Latin, like the other ones, nor did it show any indication as to which time period the statue had been created. The sign matched the style of those on the other sculptures, but it's content was absolutely unlike the others. Katniss looked around, trying to find someone who she could ask for more information about the sculpture, but the gallery was empty of any other people. It wasn't until she fished her phone out of her purse and realized how late it had gotten that she quickly gathered all her things and made her way outside and to the subway station. The whole ride over to her apartment she couldn't get the image of the young man out of her head. He just seemed so real to her. Every time Katniss tried to think of something else his dimples and memorizing eyes appeared behind her eyelids. At one point, her mind even drifted to the flimsy piece of cloth which hid his manhood from piercing eyes and she immediately cursed herself for it. She couldn't really be daydreaming about a damn sculpture, could she? When she finally fell asleep that night, it was the sculpted man that filled her dreams. He was laughing and talking and walking with her. He was real. And when she finally woke up, the image of his blonde hair and sky blue eyes was seared into her brain. kpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkp Over the next few days, she found herself yearning to visit the museum again but she just couldn't do it. She wouldn't give in to such a childish desire which would bring her nothing else than even more confusion. Katniss opted instead to call Prim and talk to her about it, because if anyone knew something it would be her. Katniss felt stupid for bothering her with something like that, but when her sister finally picked up her phone she was delighted to hear her voice again. "Well, if it isn't my favorite sister," Prim said and a huge smile immediately made its way across Katniss' face. "How are you, Prim?" Katniss asked. "Oh you know, just busy with school and keeping up with work. But nothing I can't handle, you know me," Prim answered and a quiet giggle escaped her followed by what sounded like a slap on someone's arm. Katniss' eyebrows shot up in confusion. "Are you alone?" "Yes, yes of course I am. You know me, always studying and stuff." Another giggle followed but Katniss decided to let it go, since she was still more than eager to ask her sister about the exhibition. "So, I have been checking out that new exhibit at the museum you've been raving about." Katniss tried to sound nonchalant but she knew that Prim would be able to pick up on her nervousness. "Katniss Everdeen in a museum? Alone? Hallelujah! I would have never guessed that this day would come someday! So what did you think? It's awesome, isn't it?" "Yeah, it is. So I was wondering what do you know about the history of those statues? Anything unusual maybe?" "What do you mean," Prim asked. "Ah, nothing. They just really caught my attention, you know?" "I know I've heard incredible things about it, that they are really detailed and everything, but nothing unusual." After that, Katniss ended the phone call quickly, telling Prim that she still had to run some errands. Errands that would have to wait as thoughts of the sculpted man flooded her thoughts. The exhibition had already been on display for a few weeks, so she wasn't surprised to see that it would close within the next three days when she found herself in front of the museum again. She was disappointed to see that they would be moving to a new location so soon, given that she had taken a real interest in this one. Katniss decided to enter the building nonetheless. The first thing she noticed was that the strange older man from her first visit was here again. Without a second thought, she immediately made his way over to where he was standing. He didn't look at her when she came to a stop beside him, but his posture told her that he was very well aware of her presence. They were standing in comfortable silence until he finally broke her train of thought. "Decided to come back, sweetheart?" Katniss raised an eyebrow at him. "I figured you would. Once you find it, you can't stay away for too long," he said. "Excuse me? I actually have no idea what you are talking about." She tried to hide the desperation in her voice, but clearly failed miserably as he shot her a knowing smile. "You know, I thought you might have figured it out yourself already. But you're not the brightest, are you, sweetheart?" Hot anger swept through her but he waved her off as soon as she opened her mouth to reply. "Calm down, I was just kidding. You are brighter than most of the others, I know that. Just make sure that you figure it out by Friday. Not much time left, tick tock." With that he turned around and left again, leaving Katniss behind speechless and even more confused than before. What the hell was he trying to tell her? She was brighter than the others, but who were the others? For a few minutes she found herself just staring at the chiseled face of the man who had captured her curiosity. When the sign at the bottom caught her eyes, she furrowed her brows in confusion. What did it say the last time she had looked at it? Certainly not what was now written on it. The one just has to be brave enough. Clearly it could have been possible that they changed the sign daily, maybe it was even a part of the regular exhibition. Still, something felt strangely odd about it. Asking for help wasn't her thing, but she needed to find out more. She quickly waved over the nearest employee she could spot. "Hi, I'm Cressida!" The stranger eagerly extended her hand into Katniss' direction and she gingerly moved to shake it. "How can I help you?" All at once, Katniss started feeling really stupid for what she was about to ask. "Uhm, do you change the signs daily or something? I just noticed, because the other day I was around it said something different." She stopped abruptly when she spotted the strange look on Cressida's face. "Sorry, that's stupid, right," Katniss asked wearily. Cressida just shook her head and a huge smile appeared on her face, almost making her seem comical. "No, dear god no! There is no such a thing as a stupid question. But I'm glad you finally figured it out!" "Uh, figured out what exactly," Katniss asked but Cressida just burst out laughing and winked at her. "Oh, you're really funny, aren't you? He's going to love you!" She waved at Katniss one last time and vanished behind a corner not long after that. What was it with people just walking out on her lately? And who the hell is he? She started to get the feeling that she was the only sane person left in this building. It was then that she realized that she had never actually viewed the backside of the statue and something inside of her urged her to do so. Maybe it would help her understand what was actually going on, but all it did was make her stomach drop at the sight of his ass. It was delicious and Katniss couldn't stop staring at it even though she knew that this was all kinds of wrong. She was staring at a statue's ass,