AN: It has been a long time since I have posted anything, which definitely doesn't mean I haven't been writing. Believe me when I say that I have started and dismissed more stories in the last few months than in any other time span. I also know that some of you are still waiting for updates on "I Wanna Be Yours" and let me tell you that I definitely didn't abandon that story, I actually already have a big chunk of the next chapter written, I just need to figure out where exactly I want to go with it. All mistakes are mine. I hope that you will enjoy reading this and leave me some feedback! Chapter One Peeta's POV Katniss . I knew that name should have rung a bell when Gale had first approached me on Grafton Street in Dublin one cold and rainy afternoon. We were already close to packing up, the audience had been great as usual, but the rain wasn't doing them or us any favors. "All right guys, this will be our last song for today. I would like to take this moment to thank you all for being so great and nice to us despite of all the rain." I said and flashed them a quick smile. "As always, don't forget to pick up our new CD if you want to support us, it would help us out a great deal and who knows, maybe someday we will be playing in big halls and you can sell them on eBay and make a fortune!" This time everyone joined in on my laughter. After finishing up our set, we were approached by a few people, most of them wanted us to sign their CDs or just talk to us. I have always loved this aspect of playing on the street and being able to interact with your audience as easily and quickly as possible. I was just about to pack up my microphone when I came face to face with a tall and, admittedly, very good looking man who looked somewhat out of place. But his face immediately lit up when he saw me. "Hey! I'm Gale!" He extended his hand to me faster than I was able to react so he just grabbed mine and shook it determinedly. "I've seen you play here every day for the last few days and I have to say you are amazing!" I could feel my face getting embarrassingly red and mumbled a quick 'thank you' to him but he didn't seem to be bothered at all. "Look, I'm just gonna say it okay? I need a favor from you guys. I was planning on proposing to my girlfriend in two weeks and ever since the first time I've heard you I knew I had to get you on board, to help me with the whole thing." He didn't even give me any time to respond. "I'm planning on taking her to that little forest near our house, it's her only save haven in the city, and I would need you to play her favorite song. You know "Never Stop" do you? SafetySuit?" I nodded. "Perfect! What do you say? I'll give you 500 Euros for the favor!" It took me some time to process the whole thing and when I finally did I noticed that Gale was still staring at me expectantly. "First of all I would like to say that it's a great honor that you want us to do it for you, but I need to talk with the rest of the gang, what about you just leave me your phone number and the exact date and time for the whole thing and I will get back to you within the next few days?" After Gale had given me his information and left, the first person I talked to about it was Finnick who was a sucker anyway for everything that had anything to do with weddings or love. Ever since he and Annie had finally decided to tie the knot he had turned into an absolute romantic. The rest of the band was also ecstatic about the whole thing and our Winter Tour wouldn't start for another month so I called Gale the next morning and confirmed that we would be happy to do it. The next two weeks were spent with rehearsing the song and of course playing more concerts on the streets. I didn't really think about the proposal much, we would have the easy part anyway, and with the upcoming tour we actually had much bigger things to worry about. Gale had given us the exact location and time, so when we arrived at around 9am at the path which would lead us on top of the little hill in their forest it gave us enough time to set everything up and try the song one more time. Everything went smoothly and as soon as Annie, who had come with us to help us organize the whole thing, gave us the sign, we had agreed on, Finnick started playing the familiar tones of the song and a faint smile made its way on my lips. I still loved that song dearly, despite all the not so pleasant memories it sometimes brought with it. You're always hoping that we make it You always want to keep my gaze Well you're the only one I see And that's the one thing that won't change After finishing up the first verse, I was finally able to see two figures making their way up the hill. I'll never stop trying I'll never stop watching as you leave I'll never stop losing my breath Every time I see you looking back at me I'll never stop holding your hand I'll never stop opening your door I'll never stop choosing you babe I'll never get used to you I could tell the exact moment realization dawned on the girl's face and she turned to face her boyfriend who was grinning like an idiot. I still hadn't seen her face, but something about her seemed familiar and I made a silent note to ask her about that later. I couldn't wait for the moment she would say yes, I guess you could say I was a sucker for those things just as much as Finnick. As the song came to an end the girl finally tore her eyes away from Gale to look at us and I had never been gladder about a song to be over as much as I was in that exact moment. I was suddenly feeling incredibly sick at the sight of her and I couldn't concentrate on anything else than her face, in fact, I even missed the actual proposal. The only thing I could hear loud and clear was her answer, which in reality was nothing but a faint whisper: "No, no I can't." And then she ran. What had happened after that wasn't more than a blur. After Katniss had run, I managed to get my act back together fairly quickly because raising Gale's suspicions was the very last thing I needed right now. Neither of us really knew how to act around him, but after a sympathetic pat on the shoulder and some well-meaning words we did our best to pack up and leave fairly quickly. I wasn't usually the one to decline dinner invites, especially if it meant that Finnick would be paying for it, but after what had just happened I wanted nothing more than to go home and wallow in my own self-pity. Katniss, god damn Katniss Everdeen. The same girl whose heart I had broken all those years ago, no matter how unfortunate the whole situation was. Katniss was one of the few good things I have had in my life and I had nothing better to do than throw her away without a second thought. Granted, my dad had just died, but instead of talking to other people about it I turned to drugs. At first I didn't think anything of it, I even hid it from Katniss for a while, but shit hit the fan when she found me sobbing and screaming at the bathroom floor one night. She didn't know what to do so she just called an ambulance and sat with me until they arrived. Annie later told me that she had been out of her mind, that she couldn't stop sobbing hysterically until they told her that I was stable. And do you know why it was Annie who had to tell me all of that? Because I was an absolute coward. As soon as I had woken up in the hospital and realized what had happened I told the nurse that I didn't want to see Katniss, I refused to let her see me like that. It was in that moment that I decided that I had no nerve to deal with her or at least tell her the truth. The thing about Katniss was that she didn't fall in love easily, but when she did it was forever. I knew from the beginning on that she was the one and there was no doubt that we would have gotten married at some point if all of that bullshit with my dad wouldn't have happened. The worst of it all was that I always knew that Katniss would have been understanding, that she would have stayed with me through it all no matter how much worse it would have gotten. As soon as the hospital told me that they wouldn't let me leave, I turned into an absolute maniac and Annie, who was the only one I had allowed to see me, had to endure endless hours of me screaming and throwing the worst insults at her but she stayed, just as Katniss would have if I had just allowed her to. Through the first few weeks of my drug withdrawal I only got worse and I regularly begged them to just leave me here to die but they wouldn't let me give up. During the night, I went through the worst nightmares I've ever had and the hours I spent awake were barely any easier for me but slowly, very slowly, I got better. At one point, where Annie and I were sitting in my hospital room and watching some stupid reality show, I started laughing so hard and when I looked over at her I realized she was crying for me, because it was in that moment that we both realized I was finally getting better. Three months after my incident on the bathroom floor they finally declared me good enough to go back home. I was officially stable. It was both the best and most earth shattering day in my life because as soon as I stepped into my apartment and noticed the absence of Katniss and her things I broke down crying once again. The only thing that brought me out of my fit was when I suddenly felt two fragile arms around my waist, but as I inhaled the scent I knew it wasn't her. Annie's perfume had always been way different from Katniss'. On the next day I decided that I had to move out in order to move on, no matter how bad it hurt to leave behind the place where Katniss and I had been the happiest. Not even two weeks later I had found an apartment across town which was small and way too dark but the best thing I had been able to find on such short notice. Over the next few years I dedicated myself to managing the bakery my dad had left behind by day and making music by night. I had never really forgotten Katniss, but every day I did my best not to think about what could have been if I wouldn't have been such an idiot that day. And now she was back in