Katniss' pov Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games or any characters which are mentioned in my story, it all belongs to Suzanne Collins. She was glad that Prim had given in when Katniss proposed driving her to college instead of buying a plane ticket. For once, they were painfully expensive and Katniss had no idea how she would have been able to afford it and secondly, she loved driving. She loved being in control and seeing the scenery around her change within just a few hours. She loved the feeling of freedom and being able to go wherever she wanted. When Prim had the idea of leaving a few days early and making a road trip out of the whole affair, Katniss couldn't help but be overly enthusiastic about it. Ever since she has been a little girl, her biggest dream was to see everything of America, be it by foot or car. It has also been her father's dream for a long time and ever since he died, Katniss was determined to fulfill their plan for the two of them. She also knew that she would never be able to see everything in one sitting, but if she just gave herself enough time and more than just a few journeys, she hopefully would be able to make her dream come true. So now, one week after they left home and started to make their way halfway across the country and without Prim at her side, she couldn't help but feel a hint of bitterness overtaking her. As much as she loved the fact that Prim was able to go to college and live her dream of becoming a doctor, she also always felt a bit lonely when she entered their house in their hometown and was greeted by nothing but dead silence. Dropping off her sister was a whole another thing. Even though they would see each other in less than a few months, tears were shed and both, Katniss and Prim, weren't willing to let go of each other so soon. After having dinner and discussing their plans for Prim's next visit, Katniss set off and made her way back home, alone in her shitty truck with nothing but her car radio to keep her company. So it was safe to say that Katniss' mood didn't improve that much when her car suddenly started stuttering and she barely had time to pull it over on the side of the street before the engine completely died down. When she got out and slammed the door shut behind her, she realized that the street she was currently on, was completely abandoned and the next gas station had to be miles away. Katniss mentally cursed herself for not paying more attention to the things Gale told her when she had left. It was common sense that her truck's life span was supposed to end in the near future, but when Gale started tossing around words and terms Katniss wasn't even able to spell correctly, she decided to spend her time with much more important things. When she finally got around to check her phone, she felt like stuck in a terrible movie because just as she was about to dial a towing service's number, her battery suddenly ran out and left her behind staring at a dark screen for a few minutes. "Fucking shit, just my luck." She figured it was safe to curse since she felt like the last person on earth and couldn't care less about anyone overhearing her. And if somebody really did, he or she better had the decency to stop and help her. Katniss spent the next 30 minutes with aimlessly wandering around her truck, constantly checking if she couldn't make it work again and basically having no idea what she was doing at all when she suddenly felt a light tap on her shoulder which made her jump. "Holy shit!" Her gaze fell on a blond and broad shouldered guy in front of her. "Damn, you scared the crap out of me!" An amused look crossed his face and his following chuckle made Katniss' stomach churn. She looked around and her face immediately fell when she noticed the absence of a car or anything that would help her get away from here. The only thing the stranger had with him was a huge backpack which looked like it had to contain his whole life. He was fairly muscular and good looking, but every last bit of Katniss' hope faded when she noticed the Labrador sitting at his side. The guy basically looked like he couldn't harm a fly, let alone repair her car. She let out a frustrated huff and turned away from him, trying to start the car once again. "Well, I don't know about you, but that doesn't sound very good." When she turned to face him again, the dirty look she gave him only made him smile even broader. "Thanks, Sherlock." Katniss couldn't help but roll her eyes at him. Who did he think he was? If he was only here to make fun of her, he could easily leave her alone too. "Sorry." An apologetic smile appeared on his face and Katniss couldn't help but wonder if he knew how young he looked in that moment. "Would you mind if I checked it out? My dad had the same truck once and it also broke down constantly. I guess you could say I learned one thing or two." Katniss had no idea where this guy came from, let alone what his name was, but instant relief washed over her and she tried to give him what she hoped was a hint of a smile. "Yes, please. I honestly have no idea what I'm supposed to do with it." She widely gestured at the car behind her. "And also my phone battery died. You wouldn't happen to have one?" He just shook his head and murmured something that sounded like 'getting away from old life' before shrugging off his backpack, trusting his dog's leash in her hand and making his way to the hood of the car. Katniss was left behind staring at the way his biceps moved when he opened the hood and started rummaging around in or on the engine, she honestly had no idea. Still quite spellbound by the way he was expertly checking different fluids and wires, a movement by her side caught her eye and she suddenly became aware of the dog at her side. It wasn't like she was that fond of animals, her sister's cat definitely being the cause of many of her outbursts, but his dog looked pretty harmless and she bent down to pet him. Suddenly, better sense overcame her and she face him again. "Your dog doesn't bite, does it?" She could make out his amused laugh from somewhere in between her car's hood. "No, SHE doesn't." There was a pause where Katniss wondered if he was going to continue, followed by a grunt. "Her name's Josie by the way." She looked at the dog once again and figured she had to be harmless enough if she was behaving that good. When Katniss started scratching the dog behind her ears, it released a content noise and Katniss could hear the stranger's voice again. "She likes you!" A small smile crept on Katniss face. "Well, I have to be good for something, don't I? Even if it's just to look after your dog." Katniss kept on patting the dog until she noticed that the noise which the guy had caused had long stopped and looked up to see him staring at her. "Yeah. You keep on doing that and look pretty, and we will get this baby running in no time!" She could feel her face turning red and immediately looked away again. How was it that she didn't even know his name, and he was already able to have this effect on her? True, he was quite handsome and charming, but Katniss normally wasn't the one to get butterflies in her stomach when some strange guy said something nice about her. She decided to let it go, after all she was sure that wouldn't see him ever again after this encounter. A few minutes later, when Katniss made herself comfortable in the backseat with her book in her lap and the dog by her side, she suddenly could feel him getting into the driver's seat and trying to turn on the engine. A sudden sensation of danger overtook her until she noticed that he was simply trying out if he got the car to work again. When it started rumbling and she could feel the engine coming to life, a huge smile took over her face and she got out of the backseat to pull him out of the driver's side. Before she even knew what she was doing, she pulled him into a tight hug. A feeling of immense warmth immediately spread through her whole body and when he wrapped his arms around her waist to pull her closer to him, the previous fluttering in her stomach made an appearance once again. They stayed like this for a moment until Katniss suddenly realized that she was basically hugging a stranger. When she tried to pull away, it was like she pulled them out of some kind of spell and suddenly the air between them was filled with awkwardness. "Uhm…" she kept looking at him, but it was like she didn't know her own language anymore. "So… thank you, I uhm… would have been lost without you. I don't know how to repay you, to be honest." A hurt look crossed his face but she chose to ignore it. "I guess I could give you some money, but I still have a week long drive ahead of me and I kind of need it for gas and stuff…" He shook his head sharply. "No, I don't want your money, that is. But I've got a question." Katniss eyebrows shot up in confusion and a chuckle escaped him at the look she gave him. "Well, shoot." He suddenly appeared to be nervous again and Katniss began to notice how cute the dimples around his mouth made him look. "Well, so I have been travelling through Panem for quite some time now, and my final place to be is District 12, because my elder brother just opened a bakery there and I'm going to help him handle it. You know where this is?" She nodded, only feeling more confused about where he was going with that. "And so I figured, you know since you appear to be driving in the same direction I'm going, if you could take me with you? Like, not the whole way, wherever you are heading is fine, and if it's completely out of the way you can just drop me of, wherever is fine." She stayed silent for a moment. One the one hand, she had no idea who he actually was, he could be some freak or psychopath for all she knew. He was a baker, it fit him to be honest, and he had repaired her car, so basically she could do him the favor of taking him with her. After all, they were heading to the same destination. And last but not least, she really and truly hated owing people. Katniss gave him a small smile and extended his hand to him. "I'm Katniss, welcome on board." Peeta, as he told her later his name was, wasn't that bad of a travel companion. For once, he was easy to talk to and he also provided some snacks for which Katniss was endlessly thankful for and secondly, Josie was behaving perfectly and sleeping in the backseat like nothing could ever disturb her slumber. She was also glad that he was doing most of the talking and all she had to do was to show interest