Kim and Jared story: Chapter 1: 2 weeks. 3 days and 47 minutes. That's how long Jared has been missing from school. Not that I was counting- I'm just extremely bored being sat in English right now, I couldn't help but over hear Heather Montgomery moaning about the lack of 'man candy' there was now that both Paul and Jared had been missing for 2 weeks and 3 days as she put it. I just added the time myself. I let out an extremely loud yawn to represent my interest in what Mr Prewert was talking about, it might have been slightly too loud as half the class all turned to look at me. I grinned sheepishly at them all. A loud snort came from the right hand side of the classroom, I moved my gaze in that direction where I saw my best pal Pat laughing at what only looked like at me. Letting out a small grin I turned to scan the rest of the room, ignoring her. Heather and her stupid cronies near the back we're all having a little gossip by the looks of it, and I could only guess what they were talking about, judging by the way they were looking at me and then giggling, I'm going to guess it's about me. Now normally I probably would have asked them what their problem was, only today I really couldn't be asked, so I simply gave them a small smile and the finger before scanning the rest of the room. Sat near Pat were Ben and a few of the school's jocks, whom it seemed we're trying to get Pat's attention by throwing bits of paper at her, she was having none of it though as she continued to ignore them like the stubborn, hard to get girl she is. Letting out another rather large yawn, Mr Prewert finally turned to look at me, facing away from the board for the first time since the hour started. I shifted uncomfortably as he began to let out that 'look' that I knew wasn't going to be anything good. 'Miss Conweller, if you don't find this interesting how about you come up here and teach the class on what Heathcliff's nature represents?' Shit, judging by his expression he wasn't joking. Well done Kim, now you look like a prat. 'Um, no thanks- sorry sir, I couldn't sleep last night- it has nothing to do with this great lesson' He gave me another look to show how little he believed what I was saying. 'Oh really and why was that Miss Conweller?' He asked me, challengingly. Shit. 'My um, my cat was having kittens you see sir so…um- I had to stay up- um with- her?' My excuse ended up coming out as a question just to top off that great lie. The whole class erupted in a fit of giggles and laughter. Brilliant Kim, you succeeded in not only becoming a prat, but a prat who is also deranged. Mr Prewert looked like he was going to combust, as if this day could get anymore cliché, but thank the lord and Jesus the bell rang. Which was so beautifully timed I almost cried. I literally sprinted out my seat and out the door before he could even make me stay behind where I'd end up getting a detention for my obvious lie. I practically ran down the corridor to my locker. Upon reaching it I let out a large sigh and leant against it closing my eyes, feeling my lack of fitness hit me hard. Kim man you really need to do more sport. Lost in my own thoughts I felt a warm arm on my shoulder, I opened my eyes and saw Joe's face right in front of mine. I couldn't help it, I let out a loud shriek and dropped the books I was holding everywhere. 'Jeez Kimmy, I didn't realise I terrified you so much, all I wanted was a kiss' Joe cracked up as he bent down to help me pick my stuff up. 'You completely snuck on me, so what do you expect really?' I argued. He looked like he was going to argue back properly but then he paused and let out a small smile. 'A little more happiness when you see your dearly beloved, if anything I expect a serenade every time you see me, just to show me how much you love me' Joe joked, with a look or such severity in his tone I couldn't help but let out a belly laugh as we stood up. He smirked at me in result, I then turned my expression to a serious one before leaning inward, 'I am truly sorry about thinking you were mass murder at that moment in time' I whispered, as I leant in to kiss his oh so familiar and soft lips, but just before I could I heard a loud shout of 'KIM!' Joe and I both groaned simultaneously before turning round to face Pat and Ben walking towards us- well I say both- Pat was walking several meters in front of Ben as he blatantly tried to catch up with the woman. 'Sorry to interrupt you two baby makers but you left your notebook on the table as you left the class in such a hurry - good call though, after you practically ran out of there Mr Prewert then threatened anyone who doesn't do the homework for tomorrow to a three hour detention that would involve gum picking off all the desks in the English block' Pat stated as she let out a small shiver at the thought. Ben finally caught up to us and then did that stupid fist bump thing boys do to each other with Joe, then hugged him, acting like he hadn't seen his best mate in years instead of an hour. Stupid boys. Ben turned to me and started laughing 'Nice excuse there Kim, I almost believed you, right until the word 'cat' was uttered' He said still laughing. I glared at him 'You know I'm no good at lying' I defended, I felt Joe crack up beside me at that 'You got that right' He murmured. I glared softly at him and he winked at me. 'Yeah but Kim, why did you even feel the need to lie? You simply had to say 'no-sorry sir' and be done with it, but instead you came up with a lie that even a six year old wouldn't believe' Pat decided to chip in. I snorted at that. Joe wrapped his arm round my shoulder and looked at me confusingly. 'I just yawned loudly in English, and Mr Prewert caught me out and my excuse was that Tiggy was having kittens and that's why I was up all night' I said in a quick rush, trying to forget what I'd said. Joe didn't help by laughing alongside Ben. Glaring at him, I turned to face Pat to ask her about the homework so I could change the subject, when I heard a small voice 'Pat! Kim- I' Then that voice was cut off by a choke, we both turned to face that familiar voice of Chloe, the third one to our trio, her face was slightly puffy and she looked like she'd been crying- a lot. Glancing at Pat both out expressions matching, we walked towards Chloe, and without even her having to say anything we just hugged her. I turned to face the boys who were watching us with confusion. 'Save us seats-ok boys?' They both nodded looking slightly relieved before turning and running towards the cafeteria, I swear I heard a 'whoop' and 'taco's!' bellow further down the corridor. Inconsiderable Idiots. 'Come on Chlo-let's go get you cleaned up' Said Pat, as we dragged her to the bathroom. … . 'Then she said I deserved it, and if things didn't improve they'd pull me from the cheer squad' Cried Chloe as she began to cry again, her makeup running. I sighed and went to grab her some more loo role. Poor Chloe, she was the smart one out of us, always getting the best results out of our year, her parents had high expectations for her, expecting her to go to one of the best colleges in the country. Always expecting the best grades, and when she doesn't do perfectly, or drops a single grade or sometimes just a mark or two, her parents loose their shit. Using the best threat- to pull her from the cheer squad, the one thing she actually loves, which is surprisingly- considering her slightly geeky nature. But being naturally petit, small with long blond hair and blue eyes, she's the ideal cheerleader, except her shy, level headed and sweet personality. The complete opposite of Pat, whose tall height of 5'8 towers over my decent 5'5 and Chloe's small 5'2. Pat is the least sporty person you will ever meet, even the idea of walking stresses the girl out. Not that she needs it, with a slim elegant figure and her dark Filipino skin, big eyes and long, thick dark hair she is the definition of a beauty. Unlike me with my slap bam in the middle of the two, Kim- with my long, curly dark brown hair, average size figure, with no bum but slightly too big boobs, dark brown eyes and short stocky legs. I am what you call 'fantastically out of proportion. Not that my friends agree with me but still. 'Chloe- how many times do we need to tell you this is a load of crap and your parents can get off their high horses' Pat continued ranting impatiently. We'd been in the loo's for about 15 minutes now, calming Chloe down after yet another argument with her parents from the night before and, lets say Pat's ever so calming nature wasn't lasting long. I honestly don't think you'll ever meet 3 least likely friends, the smart cheerleader, the clumsy sporty gal and the strong spirited party girl- best friends. But we've been friends since nursery and couldn't be closer, they're the sisters I don't have, we would do anything for each other and know each other better than ourselves. 'Pat's right chlo, you've got to ignore them' I stated, Chloe looked at me and then nodded slowly, smiling I turned to Pat and whined 'now can we pleaseeeeee go to lunch before I faint from hunger and Heather starts attempting to sit on Joe's lap again now I'm not there' I stated with gritted teeth. Don't get me wrong I totally trust Joe, but Heather- the queen bitch of the school has liked him and ever since he dumped her arse back in year 9, she hasn't gotten over it and is determined to get back under Joe if he'd let her have her wicked way. She's not a threat to me but she is a bloody pest. Always the person known to push my buttons, I don't think she even cares about Joe- she just does it to royally piss me off. Which it does. Her and a few of her cronies are considered the 'bitches' of the school, poor Chloe has to put up with them being the Cheerleading 'top dogs'- not that all the girls on the squad are like that all. 'Sorry Kim, you're both right, ok let me fix my makeup then we can go' Chloe said after one last large blow of her nose that cracked me up. … . With my heart still racing I walked towards the car slowly, trying to get my breath back after that particularly gruelling Volleyball practice. Not that La Push needed a volleyball team- volleyball is a summer sport and let's just say here it's never Summer. Just rain. For four seasons. But I still enjoyed playing it, even if I am the worst player on the team, despite the fact I got a wallop