disclaimer: I absolutely do not own anything that you recognise :) chapter one Everyone had an opposite. The pairs were so dangerously contrasting that societies safety relied on these opposites remaining isolated. Separated by a maze of alleys and abandoned buildings. Never to meet. They said that it was best for all of us. That it was a matter of survival. oOoOoOoOoOoOo The biting air slapped my cheeks as I slipped down the dim laneways, the colourful street art adorning the concrete walls illuminated by the yellow glow of the lanterns that were strung above. It was busy for a Monday night. Soft guitarists and melodic voices sung to the stars in harmony with the laughter of families eating in small restaurants, well tucked away from the busy city main streets. I pulled my hood lower over my face, gracefully dodging oncoming pedestrians down the narrow lane as a small smile involuntarily spread across my lips. The night was peaceful, not harsh on the eyes, everything bathed in a soft light, the stars watching and winking down on the good and the bad, the fortunate and the unfortunate, the lucky and the unlucky the same. We must look so petty to them, all separated and angry and hurt and… chaotic. The laneways slowly gave out to a maze of uneven, narrow roads flanked by towering buildings. The light of the lanterns gave way to the shine of the cold moon, and the expressive street art transformed into messy tags and monstrous looking painted creatures. I looked out the corner of my eye, making sure I was alone, careful to keep my booted footsteps as close to silent as possible. The scurry of rats slinking across dripping pipes and the howl of the wind through broken windows filled my ears as my heart starting pumping faster, adrenaline flooding through my system. I worked to keep my breathing steady, opting to walk closer to the walls, dissolving into the shadows. Left, right, right, right, left again, straight on, left, just around the corner… I navigated with a quickened pace, anxious to reach the edge of the deserted maze with its warnings scribbled in red spray paint splattered across the ground and across abandoned walls. Up ahead, I spotted an amber glow, shooting sparks to the inky sky. A fire. I had to clench my fists to contain my excitement as I carefully stepped closer to where the crowded grey buildings let out to an open crumbling slab. Making sure to stay within the cover of the thick shadows, I peeked around the corner and into the Opposite Side. "We're gonna freeze this winter if this weather keeps up." A gruff voice spoke nearby. I flattened myself against the cold wall, scrunching my eyes shut and holding my breath. Had they seen me? "We just need more wood. We'll be fine. We have to be." Another voice, this one noticeably younger, but still as deep and melodic spoke. "Yeah, well we ain't gonna find any wood over here are we? Ain't no trees growin' in that maze, and no one's been near it since it was built." I sighed in relief, relaxing into the wall. They hadn't seen me. "Do they even know that we're here?" The younger voice inquired. "You bet they do, they just don't care is all. We're dangerous." "I don't feel dangerous." The older man let out a hearty chuckle that echoed warmly around the cold walls. "You ain't dangerous 'til you're with your Opposite. They gotta keep us separated somehow , don't they?" "It's stupid." The younger man sounded defeated and I heard the scuff of a shoe against the concrete, as though they had kicked a loose pebble. The other man was silent for a while before clearing his throat. "C'mon, kid, we should probably get back, the fire's just warming up." "Yeah-" He whispered. I quietened my breathing again; having the distinct feeling that someone was watching me, but I didn't dare to move from my spot around the corner to check. "Hey, Hedge," he called out, "I'll meet you in a minute; I'm just going to check something." "Yeah, yeah, whatever." The gruff voice receded. I stayed completely still; my eyes still squeezed shut; awaiting the boy's fading footsteps as well. Only they never came. I shrunk further back than I thought was possible as my ears twitched towards the sound of approaching footsteps, light and careful. I'm not here, I'm not here, please don't see me… "Hello?" My eyes opened with a snap, but no one was there. He still hadn't spotted me. "I-I know you're there." I swallowed as quietly as possible, my heart beating erratically. "Who are you?" The boy's deep voice continued, "Where did you come from, where are you?" I didn't move. After a few heart stopping seconds, I finally heard the boy sigh as he began to move off, scuffing his feet along the loose stones. "Well, uh, I'm sorry if I scared you." He muttered before his footsteps got quieter as they disappeared. On impulse, I shuffled to the edge of the wall and peeked around the corner. I caught the back of a retreating figure with a tall and lean, yet strong build, shoulders stooped as they looked at their feet, watching their step across the uneven ground. His hands were jutted deep into his pockets and a hoodie was pulled up over his hair. Who was he? I shook my head, clearing my mind. That wasn't what I was here for. Silently, I followed the boy towards the growing amber glow, securing my hood lower over my face. Up ahead was a rise in the cracked concrete, as though a giant had slammed their fist into the earth, creating a valley with sharp edges. The boy scaled his way up and dropped into the crater, and I scrambled as quickly as I could after him. Sliding down into the valley, I could better make out the sounds of laughing and shouting from over the next rise. Being careful with my step, I dragged myself up the second wall before dropping down and stumbling into the edges of a bustling crowd. I felt my eyes widen in awe at the scene, and kept my head down to shield my face from view, allowing myself to be taken along with the tide of people moving around a huge bonfire. I was in a huge square of hardened dirt, the bonfire in the middle, and small market stalls lined up in front of rows of shabby looking shelters; some made of plastic, tarp or rotting wood. A steady drum beat echoed around the square, the rhythm of clapping and an assortment of garbage cans and whatever people could get their hands on were being used as instruments, the excitement and joy almost tangible in the air. I grinned as I lost myself in the flow of people dancing and twirling around the fire, singing and shouting to the stars. I finally managed to slip a little away from the crowd and sat down on the hard packed dirt in full view of the square. I pulled out a small notebook and pen from my pocket and sketched the scene, writing underneath it notes of all the observations about the people that I could find. The bread stall is the busiest. They all know certain dances. The children run around bare foot. The drunks wallow in a little darkened corner. Some wear strong faces. Some wear brave fronts. Many smile. Some look dangerous, scars running across the bodies and faces. Eyes alive. Eyes dull. I wrote every detail I could latch onto, attempting to quench my curiosity. I wanted to know people. I wanted to understand them. But my whole life I had only seen one half of them. My half. These were the Opposites. And they were my answer to creating a full image of humanity, rather than just an incomplete one, one torn apart at the seams. I leant back on my hands, breathing deeply and taking everything in. OoOoOoOoO I didn't know how long I sat there, but by the time I had pulled myself from my daze the square was considerably emptier. I checked my watch. 2:14 AM. I slowly rose to my feet, knowing that I had to go soon if I wanted to make it back by sunrise, but at the same time never wanting to leave. I ambled slowly through the stalls lining the square once more, smelling the delicious aroma of baking and spices. Most were packing up as I walked past, and they gave me tired smiles as I looked at them. Their eyes were all so deep. They hid so much, but they didn't hide the fact that they looked broken. From the corner of my eye, I saw an old lady hobbling towards a shelter. She lifted the entry flap- a flimsy piece of tarp- and slowly bent her back forwards to duck under it, but I didn't miss the grimace of pain on her face. Taking large, quick steps I found myself in front of the woman. She had wisping grey hair and cloudy eyes, her wrinkled face giving away that she had to be over eighty. She straightened a little when she saw me, a guarded look etched across her features. "Um, hi." I approached her warily, like she was a scared, wounded animal. Her eyes pierced into mine, strong and steady despite their cloudiness. "W-would you like some help?" I asked softly. For a moment, she tilted her chin up and I was sure she would refuse me, but then she looked back at the shelter and slightly nodded her head. I walked over and lifted the flap as high as it would go before holding my hand out to the woman. With her wrinkled hand in mine and my other hand on her hunched back, I slowly led her into the dark interior. I spotted a clump of blankets on the hard dirt floor and helped her to lie down on a thin mattress before wrapping her up in them. "You okay?" I whispered with a small smile. She looked at me blankly for a few minutes, before her mouth spread into a toothless smile. "An Opposite…" She spoke more to herself than to me, "How interesting." I looked at her, surprised that she had seen through me so quickly. "H-how did you know?" She reached out and weakly grabbed one of my hands; with the other one she tapped the side of her nose with a small smirk. "I just do." "You won't tell anyone, will you? Oh, gods, I am going to be in so much trouble-" The woman held a wrinkled finger in the air, signalling for me to stop. "My name's Delphi," she offered. "Delphi… I'm Annabeth. It's nice to meet you." She smiled cheekily, "It's so nice to meet you too, dear." Her eyes glinted, as though she knew something that I had yet to find out. I glanced at her, confused, "Well, I should really be going. It's, you know, late, and I have to, uh, get back." I rambled nervously under her steady gaze. Delphi simply smiled again. "Off you go then, child." I considered telling her that, technically I was eighteen, and therefore no longer a child; but instead I just stood up and nodded at her, a sad smile on my face. "I'll be back." I promised. Dephi gave a short chuckle. "Oh I know, dear, I know. Just be careful going back. This is no place for a pretty young girl like you to be out and about." After promising her that I would be fine, I left Delphi's tiny shelter and stepped back into the square. Now there was no one around but the earlier drunkards, and I shivered involuntarily as I slunk past them, hoping to go by unnoticed. I had nearly made