Hi! I'm back. I haven't written anything in ages, I know. It is amazing to see how my writing style has improved and grown since my first story back in JANUARY LAST YEAR. Gosh that's a long time ago. I don't even know how this one came about, but here's a one shot of Annabeth and Percy meeting. I was going to chapter it but the sections were too short. Read and Review. I'd love to hear what you think of this. Hope you like it! Here's: YOU BRING THE COLOUR. Have a nice day everyone! It was too late; she knew the collision was inevitable. She squeezed her eyes quickly shut, gripped her coffee tightly, and braced for the impact. Three. Two. One. There. Their shoulders abruptly collided and she stumbled backwards lightly. She suddenly felt warmth spread through her stomach and looked down at her blouse in dismay. Big brown splotches were seeping through the fabric. She sighed. Typical . Her coffee was now decorating her shirt. She had a bone to pick with him. Then her brain went into instant overdrive. She wasn't supposed to see brown splotches. She saw in black and white, like it had always been. No colour. That means the day had come. The one they're always talking about. They day you meet your soulmate. She'd just met her soulmate. She'd just met her soulmate . The thought ricocheted round her head, not once slowing down or becoming any more real. She'd just met her soulmate: a complete stranger who spilt her coffee. She turned around sharply in the hope she might catch him, but she was just in time to watch his shaggy hair disappear as he wove his way through the bustling crowds of New York city. She didn't know what to feel. She hastily grabbed her phone with shaking hands and called her office. "Hi it's Annabeth Chase. Sorry. I'm not coming in today. I'm ill." Then she promptly hung up. She never called in sick, so they'd know this was no ordinary circumstance. She was prepared for questions later. She tried to compose herself and stood stock still, oblivious people continuing to part around her, and inhaled deeply. Her hands still gripped the now empty cup like a vice to help control her nerves. Part of her was heartily excited that the day had come; she would finally get to see and share the world in its full glory thanks to Him. Just seeing splatters of her drink on her shirt made her tremble with anticipation. How does the sky change during a sunset? What do her eyes really look like? Was it truly as beautiful as people said? She was itching with questions. Yet she knew she would have to be patient. They say sometimes it comes slowly, or all at once, and it's up to you to notice. Fate will give you hints as to who they are, but it's you who has to find them. Her best friend Piper said she found him when the Autumn leaves appeared in rich golds when walking home one night. She had looked up, and met a pair of brilliant blue eyes and knew it was him. They went on dates after that and were engaged within two months. When they finally married the monochrome fell away completely and together they explored a multi-coloured world. She knew the stranger that made her spill her drink was destined to be with her. And that scared her. The problem was, how was she supposed to ever find him again? He'd just been to visit his mother's house for her birthday. And after he'd sat through endless questions about his private life, (read lack of a girlfriend), took the long way home to clear his head. Accept that wasn't exactly working. "So Percy, tell me. Found her yet?" "No." "You need to start looking. You haven't got forever." "I'm happy as I am." "But everything is so beautiful when you find them, they make you feel whole." "I'm fine, really." "The wedding will be perfect. I bet she'll like painting. Or she'll be the nature type..." "Mum, please." "I'm just looking out for you." "Yes but I don't need anyone right now." "Sure Percy. And what I certainly know is she's going to have her hands full with you regardless whether you need her or not." Sigh. He picked up his pace and took larger strides, letting the slipstream ruffle his hair. His mum also wanted his unruly mop cut, but he was sure it could be put off for another month or so before it truly needed it. He could still see for Heaven's sake. Just to prove his point he began picking out individuals on the opposite street. A lady being dragged by her dog, arm outstretched. A young dad with a toddler on his shoulders, the mother on his right. Two girls holding hands, with matching smoothies. Mmm. Smoothie . He was easily distracted when food was involved. Nico's coffee shop was somewhere along here. He scanned the buildings until he found the big banner with 'Di Angelo's' in scrawly writing on it. That's when his heart stopped. It was blue. The banner was blue. B-l-u-e . He stumbled slightly as his concentration failed. Then he sharply collided with a woman and her coffee. He continued forward, ignoring it, eyes still set on the coffee shop taking in the new colour. He promptly decided that was his favourite. He liked blue. His mind then caught up to him, and he realised that 'The One' must be here. He did a quick 360, scanning the crowd shuffling down the street. There. He just managed to catch the blonde curls whip round the corner. 'Oh. Oh .' He thought. 'This changes things.' "That's just it. I bumped into him on the way to work and spilt my coffee. No romantic butterflies. Just slight burns on my stomach from the hot liquid." Piper laughed. "You've never been one for romance though have you?" Annabeth had returned straight home and called Piper over. She was a wedding planner so knew all about this sort of stuff. Annabeth on the other hand was simply an architect and way out of her depth. "True. But I have absolutely no idea what to do with myself. It was a chance meeting, I don't know how I'll find him again. Some people don't find each other. What if I'm one of them?" "You won't be." "But what about Luke? I really like him. It could've been a coincidence I bumped into that guy. Me and Luke have had a thing for a while." She and her childhood friend Luke had been verging on more than friends for almost 2 years. "It wasn't a coincidence Annabeth. You called me for a reason didn't you? I know you love plans, so we're going to make one." The girl's eyes lit up and a smug smile spread across her face. "What do you propose?" She was sceptical. "You talk to Luke; make it clear you're friends and that you've met Mr Anon. Then you're going to do the exact same routine you did today, tomorrow. He's bound to go back to the same place, same time. It's the only thing you two know about each other. Make sure you're there and I'm sure he'll be waiting for you too." "That's ridiculous." The girl laughed. "Well I don't see you with any ideas." Piper retorted. That quickly shut her up. "NICCCCOOOO!" Percy burst through the doors of his cousin's shop. A few customers turned their heads but most ignored the crazed boy. The Italian at the counter shot his dirtiest look at him, wishing death upon him. The shock of his entrance meant he'd accidentally poured half the caramel sauce into someone's order. When he realised he looked rather sheepish and waited at the side of the counter until Nico was done. The rather exasperated barista wondered over to Percy. "I hope make your 'grand entrance' a regular thing." Nico: master of sarcasm. "I have big news. Your sign is BLUE." "Yes I know Percy. I chose it." Nico was in a long term relationship with a local paramedic called Will. They never disclosed how they met, although Will did say blood was a lot redder than he had imagined. "But I can see it. It's blue." Nico did raise an eyebrow at this. "Oh really now?" "Yes! But it's faded back to grey now she's gone. I met Her Nico! I managed to catch her blonde curly hair. She also had coffee. Since you're the only coffee shop anywhere near, I assume you served her just now?" "Blonde hair. Curly..." He trailed off in thought. "Was she quite tall? Dressed in work clothes?" "She did look smart. I'm sure how tall she is. I wasn't really paying attention." Nico rolled his eyes. "As usual." Insert punch from Percy here. "But I think by the sounds of it she's one of my regulars. Comes in every morning on her way to work." "Great! I'll see you tomorrow morning Nico!" And Percy whisked himself out the door. She put extra effort into looking good this morning as instructed by Piper. She was stood by a lamppost on the same street she saw Him yesterday. She'd anxiously crossed her legs to stop herself from pacing. Her hands were clammy and slightly shaky. She didn't get coffee this morning so she could get here early to meet him. This was killing her. She had a thick coat around her and her favourite heels. She wore her special owl earrings for good luck. Good luck. She sure hoped luck was on her side. He hadn't turned up and it had been an hour. Piper said he'd be here. Her confidence had finally waned and she'd called her. Piper didn't pick up so she left a message simply saying she'd given up and headed to work instead. The rest of the walk to work felt like she was walking through mud, and sinking deeper each step. She didn't want to admit it, but she'd been really hopeful. Every girl, even Annabeth, dreamed of finding someone to spend their days with. She couldn't wait for that moment when everything's bright. She couldn't wait to experience it together. As she begrudgingly opened the door to the office block, she thought she saw his reflection in the glass. She whipped her head round but only saw some pigeons pecking at the pavement. So, in an even worse mood now her neck hurt from turning it so fast, she headed to work. "I'm pleasantly surprised. You don't look half bad." Nico said as Percy arrived the next morning. Although his checked shirt was only tucked in on the one side, he'd actually tried. "I'm going to wait here so I'll see her when she comes in." He sat on a tall bar stool by the counter making unhelpful comments to annoy Nico. "What kind of hot chocolate is that? You need at least 5 marshmallows." "What fruit smoothie has kale in it?" "The cream doesn't look swirly enough. That's poor quality. Do it again Nico." "Percy. I will make you leave." He then stared at the muffins to pass the time. He'd drunk three smoothies by 11:00. By now Nico knew she wasn't coming and in an attempt to cheer his cousin up, made him his favourite free of charge. Percy's smile had become smaller as the morning went on, and it was clear he knew she wasn't there. Half an hour later he left with a small good bye and something along the lines of "Meeting." She felt like she was being eaten alive. Her tights were scratchy, her blouse suffocating. Her colleague's eyes were burning into her, pressuring her into cracking. But Annabeth Chase never cracked. Annabeth was strong. Annabeth had walls only Luke had ever been able to