So I had to get this story idea out of my head before I exploded with but here is another new story Enjoy A cool breeze stepped its way along the tunnel following a petite girl with waist length raven hair and sad grey eye's, as the breeze drifted past her it took the heavy smell of Fire Whisky with it. She wrapped her arms around her middle, having it been a fairly warm early September night she had forgone a jacket when she had left the castle not long after dinner to have her nightly drink at the Three Broom Sticks. She questioned herself as to why she continued to take the hidden passageways in and out of Hogwarts when Headmistress McGonagall hadn't said anything about the students who were back to do their eighth year of schooling having the same rules as any of the other student. She shrugged her shoulders putting down to habit really, sneaking out when things where getting horrible during her seventh year at Hogwarts just before the war and when Snape was headmaster had become unbearable, she could count all the scares on her body cause by the horrible defence lessons where the Carrow's would have them practising the Cruciatus Curse on first year. She had refused causing the cause to be cast on herself but she wouldn't scream, she wouldn't give them that pleasure to see her pain. If she was to ever see a muggle shrink she would guess that they would tell her that was why she drank all the time, but she knew better. It wasn't because of the pain, it wasn't trying to forget that pain, but it was to forget the loose. It was to forget the pain of losing the pain of the man she loved most dearly. She swallowed down the lump that had started to form in her throat, she couldn't bring herself to think of him, not now. She heard faintly the One Eyed Witches statue move as she approached it. Climbing out of the tunnel, hearing it close over she started walking towards the Gryffindor common room. Round the last corner on the third floor she ran straight into a warm body. Knocking her to the floor. "Geez, Black watch were you're….. Why do you smell like a pub?" Draco Malfoy looked down on her with a semi amused smirk on his face, he looked upon his cousin Kaira Black. Her eyes were bloodshot though he couldn't determine whether it was from the alcohol he could smell on her or if it was because she had been crying. Before Kaira had a chance to reply footsteps started making their way towards them. "Honestly Malfoy what's the hold up?" Hermione's voice came down the corridor as she came to stand beside the one time Death Eater and look down, "What did you do Malfoy?" "I didn't do a thing Granger I was merely checking the corridor like you requested and Miss Black here walked into me. Though that shouldn't be what you should be asking, you should be asking why she reeks of alcohol" Draco explained as he offered Kaira a hand which she took gratefully, she was one of the few people who actually wasn't cautious around him since their first year at Hogwarts she never had been. "You've been having nightmares again Kaira" Hermione stated rather then asked. Having spent the entire summer at the Burrow with her Hermione had been woken from her own nightmares by the raven haired girls screams more than once. Kaira gave a curt nod before going to move past them stumbling a little bit to which Draco caught her upper arm, he nods his head in the direction of the Gryffindor common room. Hermione looked somewhat lost at their silent communication, she had never seen the two really talk to each other or acknowledge each other's existence. They walked in silence toward Gryffindor tower until they got to the moving stairs, both Kaira and Draco came to an abrupt stop causing Hermione to run into their backs. Draco's hand tightened on Kaira's upper arm and as Hermione walked around them to see what had made them stop he grabbed a hold of her arm as well. She gave him a slight look of annoyance before looking in front of her. There sitting on the steps was a small child, no older than 5 with long white hair, her eyes completely white and she wore a long white dress the flowed onto the stairs in front of her. The young girl gave a bright smile as she dashed off the steps and lunged forward to grab a hold of Kaira's hand. Draco's grip on Kaira's arm loosened as the girl started to drag Kaira off up a set of stair's heading towards the seventh floor. Hermione and Draco looked on in shock giving each other a quick glance before dashing up the stairs to catch up to them, by the time the pair had caught up to them the girl and Kaira stood in front of a wall that both Draco and Hermione knew well of it was the same wall that the Room of Requirements door appeared. Kaira was kneeing down in front of the girl who was talking but neither Hermione or Draco could hear what she was say, they now stood behind the pair Kaira was nodding and the girl was talking with all seriousness the smile that had once been on the young face long gone. The child look momentarily at the other two before flinging her hand out towards the wall. In a matter of seconds a door of white and gold appeared on the wall, a door that was not of the Room of Requirements. The small girl never let go of Kaira's hand as she turned towards the Slytherin and Gryffindor. "I'm giving you a chance, change all that was set wrong and make everything right. So many die who shouldn't have and so many who lived shouldn't have. Fix the wrong that has been made but you will only have once chance to do this" her voice floated in an airy tone that they only knew from Luna Lovegood. The hand that the small girl had used to bring forth the door came up to touch Kaira on the cheek the smile they had seen at the stair reappeared to be even more brighter before she moved her hand away and clicked her fingers together. The door opened slowly and with a groan revealing mist, a wall of mist that slowly leaked out the wider the door opened, Kaira without so much as a look back towards either Hermione or Draco she walked forward. "Kaira No" Draco and Hermione yelled in unison rushing past the small girl whose smile only grew wider as she slowly walked backwards watching at the trio walked into the fog. Once they were completely gone from her sights she clicked her fingers together again the door closing with a much quicker pace. She turned her back fading back into the walls of the school, now she was finished. The fog only got thicker the further Kaira walked, she had Draco with an even tighter grip on her upper arm now and Hermione clutching at her hand as she continued to walking straight, and well she hoped it was straight. She squinted her eyes, there seemed to be light off in the distance both Hermione's and Draco's grip got tighter as she struggled to walk ahead of them. The light seemed to float and seemed to get closer with every step, as it got nearer the mist became thinner and soon it became clear that a person was standing behind. Soon theirs and the other person's footsteps started echo around them the mist becoming thinner and thinner. Everything becoming brighter and brighter. Kaira, Hermione and Draco come to a complete halt as the mist completely disappears all at once the room around them becoming extremely bright and all too familiar. It was the Great Hall and in the middle of it looking completely caught off guard was Albus Dumbledore but he didn't look like any of them remembered, he looked if it was possible slightly younger. "Hello children" though he spoke with warmth but there was a slight edge to his tone, "I must say, I thought Mr Filch here was seeing things when he sent me an owl telling me that a strange mist had appeared in the Great hall when nobody but himself and our grounds keeper had been here since summer started. But to find you three coming out of it is strangle more curious especially since I have never seen any of you before" The trio were dazed, the man in front of them had died three years before hand. But that wasn't what they were dazed about it was the man behind him, Mr Filch look much younger than the man who they had only just seen. "When are we?" Kaira questioned quietly. "What a particular question my dear. What year do you think it is?" Dumbledore questioned back his wand which was still pointed towards them. Kaira's eyes darted towards Filch's before look straight back at Dumbledore. He looked at her over his half mooned glasses, his eyes widening as he sees what date flashed in her eyes. "Argus, it is quiet late. Why don't you head off and I and the Children will go up to my office to talk" Dumbledore said softly to the other man, Dumbledore watched waiting for the other Filch to leave before gesturing to the three teenagers to follow. Hermione still clutched to Kaira's hand, whereas Draco had let go of Kaira's arm. Kaira looked away from Dumbledore's back to look towards the young Malfoy who had become much paler his grey eyes looking extremely troubled. Kaira reached out and grabbed his hand giving it a gentle a squeeze, his eyes snapped towards his cousins. She gave him a small genuine smile that he hadn't seen on her face in quite a while. He mimicked her smile and squeezed her hand back. Dumbledore came to a stop outside a familiar gargoyle to head into his office, with a quick mutter of the password the gargoyle jumped to the side and they made quick work of the stairs. All too soon the trio found themselves in their former headmaster's office as he conjured up three chairs up in front of his desk. As he directed the three to the seats and set himself behind his desk, never letting go of his wand. "So my dear you believe it to be September 1999" there was a slight hint of disbelief in his voice. "Well Professor, where we were last time that was the date" Hermione explained. "And to be completely honest Professor you were very much dead so it's become somewhat hard to believe that we are still in that time" Draco drawled out, causing both Kaira and Hermione to glare at him. "You must be a Malfoy. But I must say you look quite like the young Master Lucius Malfoy, 1999, you must be his son if I were to take a guess" Dumbledore replied so casually to Draco a slight gleam in his eye. "Impossible Albus" Phineas Nigellus Blacks painting exclaimed, "These children are liars, there is no way for them to have travelled so far into the past. Kaira's head snapped almost out of habit towards the painting of her Great Grandfather, "Why don't you learn to speak when spoken to Grandfather" She hissed out. "Grandfather, Child who's bastards are you?" Phineas challenged a malicious smile spreading across his face. A feral smirk seeped across Kaira's face, one that made Hermione shiver, "Sirius and I'm far from a bastard child" Kaira's explained, her smirk becoming worse as Phineas face dropped as he looked at her. "That child has been more pain