Hello. This is a replacement, and hopefully a better one, of the first chapter of a story I began about a month ago. Disclaimer: I am not JK Rowling. -Prologue- Everyone tells the story of the legendary Harry Potter. The Boy-Who-Lived, the savior of the magical world. He died and resurrected without dark magic. He defeated Voldemort twice. He went on to become one of the best aurors that Britain had ever seen. However, his impact is often only considered in terms of removing influences of a certain Dark Lord. This couldn't be further from the truth. With the help of his friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, Harry Potter used his newfound permanent goodwill to push enormous reforms through the Wizengamot, thoroughly liberalizing the wizarding law. Muggleborns are no longer legally inferior, nor are half-humans or any other sentient race. Sentient magical creatures deemed too dangerous were given special reservations in locations desirable to them and away from Britain. Dementors were given control of Azkaban as their territory, the fear and pain etched into the very stones enough to sustain them indefinitely. Acromantulas were given a magically isolated section of Indian rainforest. Goblins remain the universal bankers of the Wizarding world. Dragons, however, were sent all the way to the south pacific, where they were given a small archipelago and a promise to be essentially left alone. That promise was kept until about a century after the Battle of Hogwarts, when a baby washed up on the shores of Insulam Dracorum. I am Haeres Dracorum, and this is my story. 01- Origin On September 17, 2048, a bastard was born. A young woman, with ice blue eyes and long dark hair, was fighting tooth and nail to keep her child. Her father would hear none of it. And so, I was tossed out to sea in a wooden box with a strong banishing charm. I was cursed to always remember that experience. It took me a long time after arriving to overcome my fear of falling. But that comes later. I was in that box for a long time. To my infant mind, it could have been anywhere from a few hours to several months. The next thing I remembered was a sensation of grinding to a halt after being tossed in the waves for so long. I was bruised, bloody, and had damaged my eyes beyond repair when my face was thrown against my container. When someone came and tore the lid off of my makeshift coffin boat, I couldn't even see the light streaming in. "And what do we have here" Rex Dracorum had come across a wooden box that had drifted to shore on his island. It appeared to be human-made. Curious, he opened the box to find a human baby inside, in deplorable condition. In a snap decision, he decided to save the boy's life. He rushed the boy to the central village of Insulam Dracorum. There, he gave the young child a transfusion of his blood which, carrying the self-healing powers of an elder dragon, ensured that the child would not only live, but be a force to be reckoned with. "Why have you brought in this human child? Surely you know it is against our laws here on the island to harbor humans. You should have let the boy die." said Medicus. "I will have you remember, Medicus, that I am the king. If I say I am taking in a human child, I am free to do so as I please," Rex Dracorum answered. "I will see this boy trained in magic, and then returned to the wizarding world." "Won't the human wizards find fault with us for this?" "Possibly, but it is worth it. Think about it, the primordial family line of Dragon will finally have a humaniod heir. He will be the keystone to better recognition by the Wizarding governments of the world who refuse to trade or negotiate with us." "I see. I wish you the best of luck in the boy's training. Here on our island, he is sure to need it." -Five Years Later- "Now, Haeres, feel the magic flowing through you. Let it flow down your arm and out through your hand. It should feel like a slight tingling." I followed the instructions. There was indeed a tingling in my arm, but I kept my eyes closed, pushing my magic. "Excellent, now open your eyes." I did as my trainer instructed. In my upturned palm was a spark of violet lightning, which matched the color of my eyes. I moved my hand, and the spark moved with it. I began to laugh uncontrollably. After twelve days of meditation, I had finally produced some sort of magic. My father will be so pleased , I thought. I ran across the village to my father's house. The stone, castle-like structure would probably seem imposing to anyone who did not live there. To me, however, it was home. My father, the elder dragon and king of the island, was waiting for me when I entered. "Haeres," he said, "I hear from your trainer you are finally able to summon your magic on command. Would you please demonstrate for me?" I nodded eagerly, and summoned the small spark to my palm again. I threw it up in the air and caught it again, and then made it disappear. "Excellent," my father said. "Now that you have mastered basic control of your innate magical abilities, it is time that you start honing them and developing others. I will instruct your trainer to start you on weapons training as well. Can't let you use magic as an excuse for being physically weak." I agreed wholeheartedly. What six year old doesn't want to learn to use a sword? -Eleven More Years Later- I dodged to the right. The young dragon in front of me sent another blast of fire in my direction. In all honesty, I probably could have just walked through it, but I need to impress the judges today. The council of elders is observing a duel between me and a dragon about my age named Jax. I sent a quick blast of lightning at my opponent, and rolled under another jet of flame. He seems almost one-dimensional. If I can get close, I can probably just hit him a couple of times. I drew the sword from my back and focused my magic into it. I batted away the next jet of flame and rushed Jax. He swiped with his tail, which I jumped over. He tried to attack with a claw but I slid under it. Now I was inside of his guard. I focused all of the enhanced strength afforded to me by my half-dragon physiology and hit my opponent in the jaw with the most powerful uppercut I could muster. Jax was tossed into the air. I had to roll out of the way to avoid being crushed when he landed in a heap. I was declared the winner. As I walked out of the arena, my father swooped down and landed in front of me. I bowed. "Rise, Haeres." he said, "Congratulations on your victory. Unfortunately, it comes as a bittersweet success. Now that you have proven yourself, it is time that you rejoin the world of the human wizards. You will do great things, my son. I- and the rest of our nation- believe in you. Go forth, and remind the bigoted wizards why they feared dragons initially" Then, he was enveloped in a bright purple glow, as he shrunk down to a vaguely human form. He walked to me and enveloped me in a hug. Using our telepathic link, he said to me four words I had been yearning to hear my entire time on the island. " I love you, son" He then released me from the hug and told me to gather my things. I needed to make haste so I could arrive in the muggle settlement of Hawaii in order to take a boat to Ilvermorny. There, I would compete in the All-Wizard's Tournament, and meet many wizards who would likely be open to the idea of negotiation with dragons. Grace Malfoy was not feeling well. She was nervous. It was far from her first time out of the country, but she still didn't do well with sea travel. Why she had to even take a boat was beyond her, for an international portkey would certainly suffice. Either way, she was feeling quite seasick. The Malfoy family yacht was cruising along through the strait of gibraltar. The Italian magical family had left Britain shortly after the Battle of Hogwarts. Now, the Malfoys were the wealthiest magical family in Italy. The magical community was easily hidden by the ruins of ancient pompeii, magically obscured from the muggles above ground. Networks of tunnels added in the mid-twentieth century allow the wizards of italy to escape to cave systems under the ocean, expanding the area of the community and making wizarding italy equal in scope, in not landmass, to wizarding Britain. Their alleys, Annyou Alley and Primair Alley, were the shopping centers mimicking Diagon Alley and Knockturn Alley. The Malfoys had been welcomed by the Italians with open arms. Italy, unlike Britain, was a grey country. That meant that the Malfoys had free reign to experiment with whatever dark magic and rituals they wanted as long as no one was hurt. The family discovered several new rituals that were immediately inscribed into the special tome of family magicks. Regardless, Grace Malfoy was being sent to represent the Pompeiian Schola Magicae in the All-Wizards Tournament. Unlike the larger schools of Ilvermorny, Hogwarts, Durmstrang, and Beauxbatons, Schola Magicae sent only a predetermined champion in lieu of a delegation and multiple champions. The same was true of the Haitian Lekol non Majik and the Japanese Mahoutokoro. She was destined to be on the boat for just under a week, during which time she would brush up on her skills and mentally prepare for the tasks of the All-Wizard's Tournament. Right now, though, she was feeling sick. The ocean never seems to agree with aristocrats, and the Malfoys were no exception. Grace summoned a house (or yacht, in this case) elf with an anti-nausea potion and resigned herself to the constant sway of the ship. Similar voyages were occurring all over the world. Delegations or champions would be arriving at Ilvermorny from almost all the magical schools. Durmstrang had its age-old teleporting boat. Beauxbatons was flying by carriage. Hogwarts students came by Thestral. Some students had already arrived and were exploring magical Boston. In any event, the spirit of international cooperation that the tournament was founded upon was picking up steam. I was sitting on a muggle airplane. Yeah, I know, not the most stylish form of travel for a powerful half-dragon, but what can I say? I couldn't exactly just fly across half the pacific and the entire continental United States with my wings, someone would ask why I had them. Best not to reveal my Draconic heritage until it becomes absolutely necessary. So there I was, flying muggle first class. It was, thankfully, an uneventful trip. I spent most of it reading a book on magical Boston. Fascinating place, you know. A few muggle women asked me for something called a phone number, but I just explained to them that I did not own such a device. The muggles really are ingenious. They had somehow invented devices that could detect touch and respond instantly for thousands of different functions, and all without any magic. I resolved to acquire a 'smartphone', as they were called, just to experiment with it. The plane touched down at Boston international airport, and I walked out, breathing in the air. It was extremely polluted compared to the air on Insula Dracorum, but still made me feel a rush of adventurous spirit. I spent the day running about the city, climbing buildings