Sometime in the future, in a land quite different to our own, there was a sweet young woman called Hazelle who lived in the seam. Her father was, like many of the men in the District, a coal miner, who laboured for hours in the sweltering depths below the surface of district 12, while her mother spent her time selling wares down at The Hob, the district's black market. Money was scarce, but the family scrapped by day to day. When Hazelle turned eighteen, she knew the time had come for her to start pitching in and to help support the family. With three younger brothers and two younger sisters as well as her mother and father, their family was a large one and most definitely would have benefitted from a little extra money to line their pockets. The problem was that she had absolutely no idea where she wanted to work. The women who worked in the mines were some of the strongest women in the district, both in mind and body, and if Hazelle was to be honest with herself, she really wasn't strong when it came to either of those things, at least not for that environment. She could have worked with her mother at her rag tag stall in The Hob, but Hazelle wasn't all that good at starting up a conversation and driving a hard haggler back into their box. Slowly but surely she began to despair, for it didn't seem as though any job would be suited to her once she left school. One day, while Hazelle was sitting at home, pondering the workings of the universe her mother came home all flustered, a wide grin set across her face. "Well Hazelle, I think I might have got a job lined up for you today!" She exclaimed, rubbing her hands together gleefully. Hazelle shot up out of her chair, overjoyed with excitement, before recoiling slightly, suddenly worried that the job her mother had secured for her could be something awful. "What is it?" She asked nervously. "Well," Her mother started, sitting herself down in the chair beside her. "You know that boy who won the games two years back? That Haymitch fellow?" "Yes of course I do," Hazelle nodded, all too familiar with the boy who'd become a social recluse since winning his games. "He came into the hob today, looking for white liquor and I started chatting to him while he waited for old May to get his share. It turns out the boy is in need of someone to clean his house for him and cook him meals and the likes. He's very lonely you see." "Oh I can only imagine." "Well I told him that you would be perfect for the job!" That's…great." Hazelle had answered, almost reluctantly. She'd heard many things about Haymitch Abernathy. He was one of the main topics of conversation in the district for a time after he won his games, especially after his family home caught on fire and his girlfriend, mother and little brother all perished amongst the flames while he was busily attending a Victor's dinner with the Mayor. If you asked any of the biggest gossips in town how he dealt with it, they'd simply tell you he'd gone stark raving mad. Others said more sinister things, like perhaps he set the house on fire himself, the games having turning him into a bloodthirsty killer. Hazelle preferred the rumours flying around that he was just a terribly lonely young man addicted to alcohol. And so, a week after her mother had the conversation with him at the hob, Hazelle made her way down to the Victor's village and knocked on Haymitch's door. She stood on his front doorstep feeling incredibly out of place. Everything about the village was tidy, the grass lawns neatly trimmed, the trees perfectly pruned and not a crack to be seen on any of the houses paint jobs. There was also an unbearable aura of loneliness in the air, and Haymitch's house, though apparently occupied, felt just as empty as all the others surrounding it, at least on the doorstep. There was a long wait before he answered, and for a brief moment Hazelle thought about just turning on her heels and marching straight back to the village, but just as she was about to do so there was a loud thumping noise behind the door, followed by the sound of a glass breaking, before the door swung open and she was faced with Haymitch Abernathy, in the flesh. From what Hazelle could remember from the few times she'd seen Haymitch before his games experience he'd been a handsome boy, with a wide friendly smile and slightly messy short brown hair. That boy had been replaced by a man with a face full of stubble, cold hard eyes and long, unkempt and for the most part unhealthy looking hair. He was, though she didn't want to admit it to herself, almost frightening in appearance. "Are you the new maid?" he asked, slurring his words, and for the first time she noticed that he stank of alcohol. "Yes, I'm Hazelle." She replied, her voice sounding far more timid than she'd expected it to. "Come in then." He pushed the door open wide, so hard that it smacked loudly against the wall, and disappeared into the dark hallway. Hazelle followed tentatively. At first she couldn't see anything at all in the dark, just a few outlines of things here and there. She began to wonder why he was sitting in the darkness, not even bothering to open the drapes on a day like this, when the sun was at its very best. As her eyes adjusted to her dark confines, she struggled to contain her shock. The whole hallway was filled with rubbish. Mostly old empty bottles and torn apart pieces of newspaper, but there was just stuff everywhere! Even in the poorest part of the seam, where the grass grew high around rotten old carts and children's shoes littered the porches, there was never anything as filthy as this. "Yeah I know, it's a bit out of sorts isn't it?" He mumbled, rubbing one of his hands through his greasy brown hair. "But that's why I've hired you." "I suppose it is." Hazelle had answered, unable to look up from a glass bottle that had been smashed to pieces weeks ago, judging by how much dust had settled on its surface, as well as the unmistakable texture of sticky residue left on the floorboards. There was an awkward silence that followed, Haymitch staring at her, she trying to hold his gaze, before he cleared his throat, the sound so sharp against the eerie silence of the house. "Well I better show you around then." Haymitch led her through the house, and it made Hazelle feel quite sad. This home was so grand, more beautiful than even the mayor's, she was sure of it, and yet Haymitch was living like a pig in it and keeping it trapped in constant darkness. For the life of her she couldn't understand why anyone would ever neglect such luxury, especially after years of battling along in the seam like she knew he had. He showed her the lounge area, which was at the moment also being used as a sort of wardrobe, because he was too lazy to take his clothes upstairs. He showed her the kitchen, where dishes covered every bench and the stench of rotten food and mould hung heavy in the air. Each and every room was truly despicable, except for his bedroom. In there was just one unmade bed, a nightstand with one bottle of white liquor atop it and an old unused dresser beside a closet door, covered in dust. "This my dear is where the magic happens." He slurred, and then added, after seeing Hazelle's shock at the statement, "This magic," picking the bottle of white liquor up and shaking it earnestly, before taking a decent swig of the stuff. "Now, I suppose we better discuss what will be needed of you. I need someone to cook dinner for me at least five days a week, maybe even lunch sometimes, because I don't think I can survive on just fluids of this kind for much longer. On the weekends I usually get a meal at the hob, so you needn't worry about that. Sound ok?" Yes sir." "Please," He said, screwing up his face. "Call me Haymitch. I think it's pretty obvious I'm no sir." "Ok then, Haymitch." "Much better Hazelle. Now as well as the meals, and I know this is asking a lot considering the state the house is in, but I'm hoping you'll help keep the place presentable…You know, tidy and stuff." "Only if you promise not to make a terrible mess of it on the weekends." He smiled at her, only slightly, but it was a smile nonetheless. "You know what, I like you, but I can't promise you that. What I can promise is that on the weekends I tear this place apart, I'll give you a pretty good bonus on the Monday. Does that sound alright?" "I guess it'll have to." "Good, then we're all set." He pulled a set of keys out of his pocket and went to hand them to her, but at the last second pulled them back, his face grave. "There is one last thing. This is the only set of keys I own, and seeing as the Capitol has refused to give me a second set, you'll be in charge of them during the week and hand them over to me on a Friday night. They open every room in the house, and feel free to do so, however…" He trailed off, flicking one small key into the palm of his hand, "Don't use this one. It opens the closet door and I'd prefer that it remained locked at all times. Understood?" Hazelle didn't quite understand why he was worried about her snooping through a closet, especially since there certainly wasn't anything this man seemed to be hiding, given the state of his house, but she nodded as earnestly as she could. "Of course. No problem." "Fantastic. Now if you don't mind, get out of my house. It's Sunday and I like to drink myself into Oblivion." For the next three months Hazelle did as she was paid to do, she cooked and cleaned for him, as well as locked his house up when she left, usually a bit before dusk. In the early morning she'd sometimes look at the closet and wonder why it was so important to him that it was kept shut, especially after she came to the realization that the reason his clothes were in the living room was not because he was lazy, but because he was keeping something else locked away in the place where they should have been. As the months ticked by, Hazelle's curiosity began to grow more and more, and more. When it came time for the Games and for him to go away as Mentor, he left her very strict instructions on an old sheet of butchers paper he'd no doubt pulled from the rubbish pile near the hallway, his favorite spot. At first Hazelle was a little hurt that he hadn't bothered to tell her in person, because in those past few months she'd grown to almost enjoy his company and felt like she deserved more than just a letter he wrote while drunk out of his mind. Then she just put that aside and read the damned thing. Hazzy dear, I'm off to la di da land for the games. You'll only need to clean the place the night after I leave and then give it a bit of a dust or something the day before I come back. I apologize in advance for the mess that I'm going to make on my return. I