Hey guys! HAPPY NEW YEAR! 2016 is here (or almost here, depending on where you are), so I thought we could all celebrate with this little Percabeth one-shot I've cooked up (although it's not really "little"; it's actually the longest chapter/one-shot I've ever written- over 6,000 words, and 10 pages on Google Docs!) This is also my 12th story in my competition for myself to write 12 stories by the end of the year, and I did it with...1 hour and 24 minutes to spare! Anyway, please read on, and enjoy! And HAPPY NEW YEAR! "Percy!" she scolded with a slight frown on her face, the edges of her delicate mouth turned down at the corners. Clearly, she was not happy. "What?" "What are you doing?" "What does it look like I'm doing?" he asked, somewhat defensively. "I'm popping off this champagne cork!" Annabeth stared at her boyfriend incredulously, a look of doubt clearly visible on her lightly tanned face. "I'm pretty sure that's not how you open a wine bottle." "Pfft! Of course it is!" Percy continued to use the scissors to snip away at the cork wedged tightly in the rim of the bottle. The poor thing, it appeared as if it had just been through a war of disastrous proportions, preferably one involving a raggedy pair of scissors and a highly unqualified barber, as its edges were all bruised and battered, and several large chunks were missing from the top. "Percy," Annabeth tried, desperately attempting to save what had once been a handsome champagne bottle, "why don't you try something else? Maybe open it like how you're supposed to?!" "No thanks, Wise Girl, I think I've got it now," he said as he tossed away the scissors like an old, discarded pair of shoes. He really must have been focused on opening the bottle, all his concentration on that, because he certainly didn't seem to be aware of how close the pair of sharp scissors had come to slicing Annabeth's face. "Percy!" she cried, an unpleasant mixture of fear and anger battling on her face, as if she couldn't decide whether or not to cry from the idea that she nearly could've blinded, or slap her boyfriend for it. Either way, the obvious vehemence in the words she spoke was enough to make Percy pause temporarily from his project and look up at her, concern in his eyes. "Yes, Wise Girl?" "I-" she started, but only finished with a sigh. "Never mind." He looked at her expectantly, but when she folded her arms in finality, he just shrugged and continued trying to scoop out the cork with a spoon. "I don't really think that a spoon is going to work either, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth pointed out. When he didn't respond, to intensely focused on his hands, the bottle, and the spoon, she rolled her eyes in slight annoyance, then glanced around her in surprise. "Hey Percy," she said, a future question palpable in her tone. "Where do you think everyone is?" He paused long enough from his task to look up at her. "What do you mean?" "I mean, it's New Year's Eve, and nobody is here except the two of us." "So?" "So," she said, gesturing wildly around them, "it's New Year's Eve, and we're on the fireworks beach, where, on New Year's Eve, fireworks would normally be going off, and everyone at camp would be here to watch them." "Oh," he nodded, seemingly unconcerned, as he returned to trying to pop the cork. "Well, I suggested to my assistant camp director that we have the fireworks on the other side of Long Island, and Jason seemed cool with it." "What? Why?" Annabeth asked, confused. As far as she knew, they had set off fireworks- specially crafted by the Hephaestus cabin- on the beach every New Year's Eve, for as long as she could remember. It was camp tradition. Why would he change it all of a sudden? He shrugged, not quite meeting her eyes. "So we could enjoy our date in peace." "Really?" She asked incredulously. She glanced around, looking up and down the beach. It went miles in either direction, and there wasn't a soul besides she and her boyfriend in sight. "The entire beach to ourselves?" "Sure," he said with a sly, teasing wink. "Only the best for you, babe." She sighed in slight annoyance, also fairly bemused though she wouldn't admit that. Looking around, she seemed startled. It seemed to have gotten cold very fast, as only an hour or so ago it had been in the low 60's. Now it was nearing the 40's, it seemed; although, she really was both impressed and surprised that it had stayed this nice for so long. After all, they were staying in New York, and it seemed the winters here were always irritatingly cold. Even the shore of Camp Half-Blood, whose weather gamut was designed only to range between mildly brisk and a warm sweat, had taken on an unusually frigid temperature. The movement of the air, too, was abnormally excited. As a sudden gust of wind traveled in from the north of Long Island Sound, Annabeth wrapped her arms around herself, shivering slightly from the chill creeping onto her skin, forming little colonies of goosebumps on the surface and making her hair stand up on end. After a few minutes passed by of her attempting to "rough it" in the chilly night air, the daughter of Athena had decided that she was tired of standing out in the cold for no reason. There was no reason to try to withstand the inexplicable chill, when the short distance from here on the fireworks beach was not that far off from the Athena Cabin, where Annabeth had several sweaters and jackets. The walk, presumably a mile or so, would probably take around a maximum of 15 minutes to walk, 10 if she ran. "Hey, Percy," she said, already walking past her boyfriend where he knelt on the ground, the champagne bottle and metal spoon both gripped tightly in his rough hands. She flushed just thinking about it, but told herself it was from the cold. "I'm going to head up to my cabin for just a second to grab a jacket or something." "Mmhmm," he murmured, obviously distracted, along with a few more mutterings of confusion. "That's nice. You have fun!" She lingered for a moment longer, asking, "Are you sure you don't need any help?" "Mmhmm, that's nice. Have fun!" "Fine," she sighed, as she turned her back on him, well out of earshot now. Then, with a sort of bitter sarcasm in her voice, she whispered to herself in a hushed tone, "Thanks for listening to me." Although his mind was elsewhere, Percy's eyes and hands stayed trained on what he was doing for an entire minute before he looked up. He'd wanted to wait long enough for her to be out of both earshot and eyesight, but just in case, he took one final glance towards the hill that Annabeth had used as her mode of transportation, and spied her head of beautiful, long blonde hair disappearing down the other side. Content that she was nowhere near him now, he set down the items he'd previously been focused on, and pulled out something else. It was a small box built in the shape of a cube, no longer or wider than the length of a thumb. Other than a sea-green ribbon wrapped around the grey box- more of a silver color, really- and tied on top into a big, lovely bow, there were no other decorations. It was relatively plain, relatively unassuming, you might say- for something that contained such an important item, with so much potential. Taking extra care, probably more than was necessary, Percy untied the bow with extreme caution and gentle fingers that trembled slightly, though whether that was a result of his anxiety or the cold of the night air, none but he could tell for certain. The elegant sea-green bow all undone, the son of Poseidon set the box down on the ground before him, where it sank a the slightest of fractions down into the sand. He took in a sharp intake of breath as it did so- he was extraordinarily jumpy, it seemed- and another as he carefully pried open the lid and peeked at the single object inside. It was a ring. Like a princess put on display for a promenade or a beauty pageant of some sort, the ring sat there on its throne, a velvet pillow of plush that was likely more for appearance than cushioning purposes. The ring itself was beyond gorgeous: gleaming gold, the band of it polished till it shone. Detailed designs were engraved in it, and they seemed to move, dancing along the outer rim of the band like a menagerie of carousel animals found on a merry-go-round. If Percy looked closer, he could see miniscule, hand-crafted scenes painted and plastered on it, scenes that depicted every adventure he and Annabeth had ever been on. There, on the left, was a young boy with raven hair and a girl of the same age with a shock of blonde hair, together holding up a jagged lightning bolt in triumph. A few scenes down, an image of two young teens- once again, the same boy and girl- holding up the sky together where it connected with the earth at a single point, both of their hair succumbing to the grey that seemed to drip down their hair, tinging it that dull, marking color. And there, towards the end of the sequence of scenes, was a picture that saw the two young people- both of them older now, their grey streaks barely visible anymore- trekking through the depths of Tartarus on their most dangerous journey yet, their hands clasped together so that everyone- gods, demigods, Titans, giants, and every monster down there with them- would know that they were together, and always would be. That wasn't the only impressive feature of the ring. The inside of the ring's band also contained marvelous detail, a result of excellent craftsmanship. Miniscule words that would be hard to decipher unless someone had a magnifying glass- which Percy did, having brought one for just this occasion- were scribbled in a handwriting identical to the son of Poseidon's. Two words: "Seaweed Brain"and "Wise Girl", joined together by a symbol that resembled an infinity sign, though slightly different, and the loops of the sign seemed to travel through the nicknames he and she had adopted for each other. They were words that united them, bonded them, made them what they were, and showed that they would always be together. And if the band of the ring was gorgeous, then the stone itself was...exquisite. A shimmering diamond, which was centered in the middle, had been found by Percy one day when he'd gone deep-sea diving, to help him think through some things and consider if he really wanted to take this next big step in he and Annabeth's relationship. His answer had become a definite "yes", when he'd seen the large stone, because he figured a diamond that large and out-of-place (for certainly diamonds aren't usually found in the depths of the ocean) had to be a sign from the gods, a gift of sorts, to bless their marriage. The "blessed diamond" was flanked on either side by two smaller gems, one of them a remarkable red ruby and the other a surprisingly-appealing olive-colored peridot: Annabeth and Percy's birthstones, respectfully. Percy exhaled slowly, and realized that he hadn't breathed once since he'd opened the box and inspected the ring for any signs of damage or imperfections. But he found nothing: a sign that although he and Annabeth, their relationship, and their lives weren't anywhere close to being perfect, a life and a marriage that the two of them shared together might become as close to it as possible.