A sassy single mother, the little boy that rules her world, and a tattooed bartender that gets blindsided by them both. Bella/Edward Disclaimer: All the characters of Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer. I'm just playing in her sandbox for a bit. No copyright infringement is intended. Prologue Things like this didn't happen to women like me. Normal women with stretch marks from giving birth to babies and extra belly left over from said babies. Women in their thirties whose boobs had lost some of their perk and whose asses weren't as small as they once were. Women with crows feet who'd just found their first gray hair. No, women like me read books about shit like this. About sexy men who loved the heroine just the way she was. Shit, I totally just went all Bridget Jones right there, didn't I? But the point is that it's fiction. Big, strong, manly men that came in and swept the woman off of her feet, giving her mind blowing orgasms all while fitting into her life seamlessly? Yeah, that shit just didn't happen in real life. No, in real life, stuff like that was reserved for Victoria's Secret models that ended up being wooed by men like Adam Levine. But not us real gals. Nope. We got husbands who traded us in for newer models and made us feel like shit about ourselves. Well, that's what I got anyway. Until him . Chapter One "C.J.! Boy you better put down the neighbor's cat and get in this house! Your daddy is going to be here soon and you're covered in mud!" My heathen child looked at me with a smile so reminiscent of his father that it made my head ache. That same smile used to make me giggle like a schoolgirl, but over the last two years it only made me want to throw things. But on my little boy, it was the sweetest thing I'd ever seen. Even when that smile meant that he was up to no good. The cat he was holding hissed and scratched him one final time before he put her down. "I'ma comin', Mommy!" Charlie James Hunter was my little miracle. Born ten weeks early and weighing in at a whopping 2 pounds 8 ounces, he had a rough start. There were breathing complications followed by pneumonia and jaundice. But my little man was a hellion from the beginning and fought tooth and nail to surpass every expectation. Unfortunately all my time spent at the hospital with my son made my husband "lonely". It made him realize that he needed more. And for the first two years after my son's birth he carried on an affair with his secretary, turning himself into a cliché. When his mistress caught him cheating with someone else, she decided it was time I knew just what he'd been up to. When I confronted him he didn't beg or plead, nor did he deny a single thing. He simply shrugged and told me that not only had I seemingly forgotten him with the birth of our child, but my body hadn't bounced back from pregnancy the way he'd hoped. As pissed off and hurt as I was, what suffered the most was my self-image. I don't give a shit what anyone says, your ego is going to take a hit when someone says shit like that to you. I found myself avoiding the mirror after my shower and spent all of my time focused on my little boy. After two years of being home with him, the idea of going back to work was hard, but Demetri wasn't going to give me any more money than he had to, and truth be told I didn't want anything more from him than what he owed C.J. and not a dime more. I wanted him to be a good father to our son, and to be able to forget the last ten years I'd been married to him since it turned out I never knew him at all. But I couldn't regret marrying him because it brought me my little boy, and he was worth it all. Even when he was covered in mud and annoying the neighbor's animals. At four he was full of piss and vinegar, as my dad liked to say. I was both sad and nervous because it was the first weekend that Demetri hadn't backed out in over 6 months, and as resilient as C.J. was, he really wasn't fond of going to visit his dad when he actually showed up. As a matter of fact, I was sure he gave Demetri hell every single time because when he dropped him off you would think he'd been in a fight for his life by the way he looked. And C.J. was always very proud of himself when he walked back through our front door, never sparing his father a backwards glance. It always made me sad because at the tender age of four, my kiddo already knew how little his father actually wanted to do with him. The worst part was that C.J. didn't seem to care. Thankfully he had my dad and brother as reliable male figures. Well, James was sort of an idiot, but as his little sister it was my duty to love him anyway. And he really adored his nephew, so I couldn't think him too big of a moron. Even if he was pushing forty and still lived at home with Dad. But I digress. "Mommy!" C.J. brought me back to reality. "Do I hafta go with him ?" " Him is your Daddy, and yes, you have to go, baby." "But why? He just leaves me with that girl so he can go out with stupid Kitty." "Kate, honey. Her name is Kate. And I know you don't want to go, but maybe this weekend will be different. And how about I make a deal with you? If you're having that bad of a time, you can call me, and I'll come get you. Deal?" He looked up, eyeing me carefully. "Okay. But when I get home can I get a puppy?" "Definitely not. You remember the deal. When you're old enough to walk a dog alone, then we'll talk about it. Until then, no sir." What I didn't say was that I was worried he'd annoy a poor dog to death until it ran away. I loved the child, but he was a handful. "What are you gonna' do when I'm gone? Won't you be sad by yourself?" "I always miss you when you're gone, but Uncle Jamie and Aunt Vicky are going to take me out, so I won't be lonely. Okay?" "Yeah, okay. But if you get sad you call me and I'll come home! Promise?" "I promise. I love you, kid." "Love you too, Mommy." The knock on the door made C.J. let out a cute little growl and we both went to answer the door. "What the hell? Is he covered in mud? That shit is going to get all over my leather seats!" Demetri yelled, and just to piss him off, C.J. hugged him, getting mud all over his fancy suit. "First of all, watch your mouth. Second of all, he's a little boy. It's what they do. And how about you actually spend some time with him this weekend, all right?" Demetri rolled his eyes, and I bent down for more hugs and kisses from my kiddo. "Love you the most, Mommy," he whispered. Once he was gone, I let myself have a good cry. It was my routine when he was gone. It was the worst part about being divorced. I had to let my son go, even if it wasn't that often, it hurt every single time. Of course, my brother and almost-sister-in-law, knowing this showed up right in time to keep me from wallowing. "Little sister," James said with a sigh and pulled me into his arms. "It's going to be all right. I know it sucks some major ass, but just think of all the hell that little man is going to give that asshole and his little girlfriend. Brings a smile to my face every time I think of it." My son was a lot like his uncle. Full of mischief. My brother was pushing forty, but acted like he was five half of the time. I had no idea how Victoria put up with him all these years, but she'd loved him since high school. "And you know my offer always stands, honey," Victoria added. "I don't give two shits about going to jail. I'll kick his ass anytime." You know what they say about redheads? Well, that embodied Victoria perfectly. Her attitude matched her hair color. She was raised a little rich girl whose Daddy bailed her out of anything. One would have thought she'd be a bitch. And she was, just not in the way you'd think. She was fiercely loyal, and once she cared about you, she'd kill for you. Some days I loved her even more than I loved my big brother, and that was saying something. "Have I told you lately that you're my favorite, Vic?" "Hmm, not today, so feel free," she said with a wink. "You can tell me how fabulous I am while we get you ready." "And that's where you lost me. I'll just be right here, playing Xbox and waiting on you two to be ready to go." James sat on the couch, propping his Doc Marten clad feet on my coffee table. I let Victoria primp and pamper me, all the while telling me about the bar they were dragging me to. She went on and on about the bartender and how if she wasn't head over heels in love with my brother all the dirty things she would do to him. "I heard that!" James called from his place on the couch. "It's been forever since you got laid, Bells. I mean, come on. And this guy looks like he knows his way around a vagina, just saying. You need to knock the dust off of that thing before it closes back up." "My ears are bleeding!" James called. "Then stop listening, jackass!" Victoria yelled back before going to slam the bedroom door. "Vic, you know the only men I want in my life are C.J., your doofus of a fiancé, and my dad. After Demetri, I am perfectly content to let it 'close back up', as you say. No man is worth the trouble that comes with them." And it was the damn truth. Other than my father and brother, I hadn't met a single man that was worth it. There were no fairy tale romances or men that swept you off your feet. Nope. Just assholes that cheated and made you feel like shit about yourself. No thank you. "I'm not saying you have to marry the man. Hell, I just meant for you to get some. It doesn't always have to be about love, you know." "Says the woman who has been with the same man for twenty-two years, and no one else." I said with an eye-roll. "Yeah, well, I watched Sex and the City . You can get laid without it being about romance. And it doesn't have to go anywhere." "How about you stop trying to talk my sister into some dude's pants and we get a move on?!" James pleaded from the other side of the door. "Yeah, what he said," I agreed. Victoria huffed, but complied. The bar wasn't one I'd been to before. I definitely would have remembered the bartender, because damn if Victoria wasn't right. He was six-foot-three, at least. He wore dark jeans that hung low on his hips, and a tight black t-shirt that showed every muscle in his body as well as his tattoo-covered arms. Hair the color of an old penny stood