So, this just might be the product of one too many frustrated visits to the Alec/Edward M-rated section, only to find that there is basically nothing new there. Maybe. Anyway, enjoy! And if you liked it, don't forget to review, because then there might be more outtakes. Yes, I'm bribing you. And props to those who get my Interview with the Vampire reference. I have a little too much fun sometimes. Sweetheart Written By: Pinkster Lily He smelt spicy, like fennel and smoke and something else entirely his own. Such a strange thing to notice first, out of the numerous other possible things to catalog in my brain and order numerically. But, it was such a strange scent, unfamiliar and tangy—it drew me in like nothing else I'd ever encountered before, ensnaring my mind and senses. Such a strange color, he mused, tilting his head to the side as if he was puzzling out a mere curiosity. I blinked and said nothing, no explanation or response, because it was not a question concerning my eye color that he didn't already know the answer to. No, it was a simple comment. That was all. His eyes wandered lasciviously over me, moving from my eyes and unruly hair to further down—my chest, my legs, and to more unmentionable places. I jerked in shock as his thoughts filtered into my mind, overwhelming me, uncensored and explicit. He wasn't even trying to hide them from me. He smirked. You hear that, boy? That's what you are, isn't it? A boy. So young and fresh . I eyed him—he was just a boy, himself—trying to conceal my visceral reactions to the images he was sending me—for that's what he was doing, sending them —and failing. Flashes, mostly. Erotic, terrible things. Tempting things. Sucking my cock, just like that, yes —my eyes looking up at him from under my lashes in a way that I was certain I had never done before. And I'll fuck you just like this —barely a flicker of an image, but powerful, suggestive; my head thrown back, a cry of ecstasy tumbling from my lips, my long fingers clutching him closer— you'll beg for it. You'll beg for me, won't you? His eyes traveled down to my crotch, where, despite my horror-filled fascination with his thoughts, I felt the first stirrings of something below. His eyes flickered up to mine, piercing, catching the way my pupils dilated in response. Yes, I think so . I wonder if he's ever done those things before with —a glimmer of a thought, accompanied by graphic images of Carlisle and myself. I blinked, my face betraying nothing of my shock that he would even think of such things, but he seemed to know the answer anyway. No, not with him. No, Carlisle is too saintly to sin like that. The thought is tinged with satisfaction as well as something biting that I couldn't quite recognize. Carlisle and Aro continued to speak to each other, completely oblivious to the exchange between the two vampires mere feet from them. I was about ready to crawl out of my skin, amped up and anxious and so, so embarrassed by the images I've seen that I would be flaming if I had any blood left. I about died when Aro told us that Alec would show me to my room—we would be staying for awhile with the Volturi, Aro ask-demanded—as he and Carlisle had some catching up to do without prying eyes and ears. My maker's golden eyes connected with mine. You are okay with this? His gaze flickered to the man-boy mere feet away from me, who looked more gleeful and sinister than he had any right to be. My fingers twitch, debating. If I protested, Carlisle would stand by me, but that would put us in an awkward position with our hosts. "Carlisle," the boy admonished, almost playful—but not quite. "You act like you don't trust me." Carlisle turned to him, for once saying one thing, but thinking another. "Oh, you don't know me at all, Alec," he began, smiling kindly in a very Carlisle-way. Careful, say the right thing . "It has just been a long trip for us—boats are never easy." "I assume that it was a blissfully rat-free voyage," he chimed. Carlisle ignored the jibe at our chosen diet, turning back to Aro and abandoning me to the demon-child. I exited with Alec hot on my heels, but Carlisle's parting thought struck a nerve. I don't trust him. Alec herded me through so many corridors that if I were still human, I would be so turned around I wouldn't know my head from my toes. Instead, I got the sense that we were taking a rather circuitous route to wherever we were going and soon I realized that we were heading down into passages below the main castle, the clattery-clangy noise of the minds around me fading to a low din. I cast a furtive glance at my companion, whose increasingly perverse train of thought was making me twitchy. "Can't have you smelling the humans, can we? So, down, down, below." I grimaced at the reminder of my unpredictable nature, as of late. Down, down, down… Hm… I can think of other places where you can go down. Twitchy. Suddenly, he stopped, pulling open a door and practically shoving me through. I stumbled, though only slightly, and righted myself just as he shut the door behind us. I took in the dimly lit space quickly before whipping around to face him. "Wha—what are you doing?" I whispered harshly, my voice cracking only slightly. It was a stupid question, spawned by years spent pretending that people only had the most honorable intentions, because by now we both knew what he was doing, and he grinned. "I know what I want," he said, prowling toward me. I gulped; fear pounded through me, but the feeling was tinged by the desire that sparked in my gut as his red eyes found mine. "Are you going to deny me?" My mouth opened, but nothing came out as he trailed a hand up my chest and into my hair, yanking my head down. He couldn't be much younger than me, sixteen at the very most and only a few inches shorter, and everything in me screamed that this was wrong, unholy, forbidden. But that was what I was, wasn't it? The unholiest of creatures, with the most unholy of desires. Muddled human memories came to mind, recollections of a time not too long ago, but they have been almost seared from my memory. Desires entirely unsanctioned by society. Girls being pushed on me from every direction, but none of them appealed to me, excited me, the way some of the boys did. No, not at all. "I'll take that as a 'no,'" Alec growled, seeing something in my expression, before his lips met mine hungrily. A small yelp of surprise bubbled in my throat only to be consumed by his insistent lips, his probing tongue sweeping into my mouth and smothering all protest. I could have easily tried to stop him, although his particular gift would probably incapacitate me before I reached the door if he wanted it to. I didn't want to push him away, though, as much as my mind screamed for me to stop, that this was wrong and stupid of me—that this boy-vampire could swallow me whole, would happily do so—my body betrayed me. My hands, raised to push him away, fisted in his cloak instead and held him to me. My back arched into him against my conscious will. I felt the stirrings of something in my stomach, something I had not dared to feel even when I was human. Alec's hands, still trapping me to him, wandered, and I jumped as they pulled my hips flush to his and I felt the obvious evidence of his arousal against my own, semi-hard member. "Do you feel that?" He murmured, voice rough, against my lips. "Do you feel how much I want you—feel what you do to me?" As if to emphasize his words, he thrust against me. The friction was both delicious and disturbing at the same time. His lips found mine again, but this time his teeth fastened around my lower lip and I screeched as his sharp teeth sliced through my hard flesh as if it were nothing but a supple fruit, ready for the taking. I broke away, eyes wide. "Fuck," I hissed, moving to wipe at the venom dripping down my chin from the cut, but he was suddenly against me again, impossibly strong, his tongue laving at the trail of sweet smelling liquid, the cut stinging as his venom came into contact with it. I could taste myself on his lips. He threw me back against one of the walls and, powerless, I watched as he prowled toward me, locking my wrists within the steel-like confines of his hands and pressing them against the stone. Nips—gentler than before—peppered the exposed expanse of my neck, intermingled with occasional kisses, driving me out of my mind. I didn't even notice when one of his hands came down, flicking open my belt and trousers easily until he was suddenly palming me. I hissed in pleasure, this time. "You like that?" He whispered, eyes narrowed—dangerous. Predatory. "You like it when I touch your cock—" I flinched at the word, but he didn't pause "—and hold it like this?" His hand started to move, to squeeze, and I was nearly undone. "I bet you've never been touched before—have you? No, you're such a sweet little angel, innocent as the day you were born." His hand moved more insistently, slipping under the waistband of my underwear and eliciting a moan from me that would have made me embarrassed, if I had the mind to feel so. As it was, I had trouble remembering my own name when he touched me like that—spoke to me like that. "I'll enjoy taking that from you." His words should have made me freeze, should have struck a fear so terrifying that I yanked away from his invasive caresses—instead, I felt electrified, as if every cell was vibrating, and then my vision went white and I felt myself releasing into his hand, onto my stomach, somehow bare, my shirt in tatters. Had I done that? Or had he? I was gasping as I came down from my high, Alec's strong hand still stroking, coaxing me back to life. Fucking vampire stamina. But if I didn't want this, why was I letting him treat me like this? Like I was something to be devoured and ruined and— He was wiping his hand on my ruined shirt, ripping it from my body and cleaning away the mess I had made. "See how good I make you feel?" He said, low and kind, almost like he actually cared about me. Like a lover. "You have no idea of the ways in which I can pleasure you." And you, me. Then he was on his knees, my hardened length enveloped by hot lips, my hands in his short hair, and oh, god— It wasn't long before I was completely undone, once again. I was trembling when he stood, shoving me toward the bed in the middle of the room, pushing me with his body while his relentless assault on my mouth had me breathless, overwhelmed, excited. The sweet-salt taste of my ejaculate on his tongue. Then he was straddling me, still fully clothed, rutting against me as he held me down on the pillowed mattress. "Oh, god, please," I gasped, the sensations almost too much as he latched onto my nipple with his mouth and snaked a hand down in between us. "Oh, fuck—" My babbling continued until I thought that I might have actually gone out of my mind. "That's right, beg for it," he demanded, pushing his straining erection against mine. I