Aragorn/Legolas Drabbles Series These all feature Aragorn and Legolas in varying degrees even if one of them is not there, they are being spoken of by someone else. Ratings vary from K-T (roughly G-PG-13-ish) and all drabbles contain slash or implied slash ; also the lengths vary from 100 words to 600 words. I hope you enjoy and please review. As always, please read the warnings and disclaimers in each heading. If you don't know what slash is, it is (in this case Male/Male) same-sex pairings; Aragorn and Legolas are a loving couple--period (no Arwen so don't expect her to be any competition). There is also one that has Mpreg (male pregnancy), so be aware. One or two of these drabbles may be repeats as I have added sequels to a couple since originally posting them here. One is a double/parallel drabble called Guarding His Rest (I & II). There will be some angst, but all are happy endings (no real spoiler there as most of you know my fiction). Enjoy! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Unspoken Author: Númenora Characters/Pairing: Aragorn/Legolas, Merry, Pippin Rating: PG Warnings: Warm and Fuzzy, Slash Book or movie-verse Timeline: TA, During the Quest Disclaimer: None are mine. Word Count: 100 Summary: Legolas guards Aragorn's sleep. Challenge: lotrallslash Daily Drabble 'Shhh!' Legolas pulled the blanket up to Aragorn's chin, the man truly exhausted. As he stoked the fire, he looked at the beloved face, afraid to tell Aragorn his feelings. As he continued to watch, a loud shriek carried across the camp as Merry chased Pippin with an old Orc skull he'd found. "Merry...Pippin, shhh!" Legolas said loud enough for the Hobbits to hear, but not disturb Aragorn. Merry and Pippin came over shame-faced, both saying, "Sorry." Then Pippin knelt next to Aragorn staring. "Why is he smiling?" No one knew that Aragorn dreamt of kissing Legolas, causing him to smile. Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Unanswered Author: Númenora Rating: G/PG-ish (for implied slash) Pairing/Characters: Aragorn, Pippin Warnings: Implied Slash, Warm & Fuzzies. Disclaimer: All known Characters are Tolkien's. Beta: none Word Count: 100 Summary: The day after the the scene from the drabble 'Unpoken.' For the lotrallslash daily drabble challenge: 'Question' Aragorn glanced around the campsite making sure nothing important was being left behind. Grabbing his pack, he saw a piece of broken arrow with brownish-gold feather fletching. He smiled as he sniffed it, catching a hint of Legolas' familiar scent. "What are you doing, Strider?" Pippin asked behind him. Aragorn jumped, nearly dropping his treasure. Quickly pocketing it, he turned to Pippin. "Just making sure we have everything important." Not directly answering him. "I have a question." "Yes?" "You were smiling in your sleep last night—what were you dreaming of." A look of fond remembrance crossed Aragorn's face. "Heaven." Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Unrestrained Author: Númenora Rating: PG Pairing/Characters: Aragorn/Legolas Warnings: Implied Slash, Warm & Fuzzies. Disclaimer: All known Characters are Tolkien's. Beta: none Word Count: 100 Summary: In Lothlórien, Legolas attempts to hide his grief from the Fellowship; especially Aragorn. Takes place sometime after the drabble 'Unanswered.' The lament went on. Legolas left the others as he tried holding back his tears, not wanting his friends to become distressed. After all, he was their unshakeable elf companion that nothing fazed. Walking what seemed like miles, he came upon a clearing. Laying his face against the giant mellyrn, he allowed his pain to overwhelm. Engrossed, he did not hear Aragorn's approach, Elven-raised, his steps soft. Strong hands turned Legolas into an embrace. "Aragorn...I did not..." "Hush, now—let me comfort you," as brown hair mingled with blond. "How did you know?" Legolas asked, voice trembling. "I always do." Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Undeniable Author: Númenora Rating: PG Pairing/Characters: Aragorn/Legolas Warnings: Slash, Warm & Fuzzies. Disclaimer: All known Characters are Tolkien's. Beta: none Word Count: 100 Summary: In Lothlórien, Aragorn and Legolas share their loss, but discover something more. Takes place immediately after the drabble 'Unrestrained.' Aragorn continued to hold Legolas close. But the elf felt guilt, his thoughts no longer just those of grief, but of love. Puling away, "I am keeping you from the Hobbits—they will need you now that Gandalf is gone." "And what of you, Legolas—do you not?" "What I need, you cannot give me," sadness returning. "I would give you my life and more, if you but ask." "But what of Arwen," he asked before he could stop himself. Smiling at the telling question, "She will sail—we've said our goodbyes." "Oh...I see," as lips came together tenderly. Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Aiming To Please Author: Númenora Rating: PG-13 (?) Pairing/Characters: Aragorn/Legolas Warnings: Slash, foot-play; Warm & Fuzzy. Setting: A bedroom somewhere. Disclaimer: All known Characters are Tolkien's. Beta: none Word Count: 200 Summary: Passionate man/elf seduction. For the lotrallslash Daily Drabble: 'Feline' A/N: Dedicated to surreysmum ; thanks for your help! Aragorn's tongue followed the curve of Legolas' arch, then veered off to taste each perfect toe, finally engulfing the largest in his warm mouth. Smiling around the digit, he glanced up into Legolas' bemused, but aroused face. He began to run his fingers over heel and pad, the skin smooth—not calloused like his own. Wicked gleam in place, he curled those exploring fingers at the arch, staring into cerulean blue eyes. "Don't. Even. Think it!" Legolas warned, ready to snatch his foot away. "You're not ticklish, are you, Meleth?" Aragorn chuckled impishly. He was, but this child need not know that! "If you need something to occupy you, my lips are feeling jealous and neglected," he informed laughingly. "Well, we can not have that, now can we?" Aragorn reluctantly released the long, elegant appendage and crawled with cat-like grace over Legolas' supine nude body—kissing his flat abdomen before seizing his rose-red lips passionately. They were both breathing quite hard as the kiss ended. When Aragorn regained his power of speech, he asked, "Is that better, my love?" It was Legolas' turn to smile wickedly, "Not bad—but I believe you can do better." Breathing huskily, "Or die trying." Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Golden Morning Author: Númenora Rating: G Pairing/Characters: Aragorn/Legolas Warnings: Implied slash Setting: In the wilds somewhere. Disclaimer: All known Characters are Tolkien's. Beta: none Word Count: 100 Summary: You'll see. Daily Drabble for lotrallslash challenge 'Dawn.' The sun was rising as Aragorn mounted the hill where Legolas kept watch. As the light grew stronger, it caressed the wood-elf's golden hair, creating a halo. Aragorn stood transfixed as he gazed upon the otherworldly beauty that was Legolas. Then, the Sinda started singing a haunting melody welcoming the dawn. When the song ended, Legolas turned to see Aragorn standing spellbound. Misunderstanding the reason, he said, "I see you noticed the beauty that is Anor, Aragorn." Turning back towards the sunrise, he continued, "Have you ever seen anything more lovely?" Never looking away from Legolas, Aragorn sighed, "No—never." Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Twilight Falls Author: Númenora Rating: PG Pairing/Characters: Aragorn/Legolas Warnings: Implied slash Setting: In the wilds somewhere. Disclaimer: All known Characters are Tolkien's. Beta: none Word Count: 100 Summary: Sequel to 'Golden Morning.' The sun had set and twilight was upon them. Ithil was full and bathed the small camp in silvery light. Aragorn felt Legolas' stare and turned towards his companion. "What is it, mellon-nin?" "Ithil's light loves you." His smile was wistful. Aragorn chuckled, "As Anor loves you; though, I think she glows for you, not I." "Why do you do that?" Legolas inquired. "What?" Aragorn asked puzzled. "Say disparaging things about yourself?" "I don't mean to—you just see me differently than I." "You are most beautiful, Estel." "You honor me." "I love you." Aragorn smiled blissfully—rivaling Ithil's glow. Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Moonlight's Touch Author: Númenora Rating: PG Pairing/Characters: Aragorn/Legolas Warnings: Slash, Very Warm & Fuzzy Setting: In the wilds somewhere. Disclaimer: All known Characters are Tolkien's. Beta: none Word Count: 100 Summary: Sequel to 'Twilight Falls.' Follows immediately after the Legolas' declaration of love. "Legolas," Aragorn breathed, reaching up to stroke a pale, luminous cheek. Legolas leaned into the touch, sighing contentedly like one who'd finally reached home after being lost. "Estel—how I have longed for your touch." He kissed Aragorn's caressing palm before cupping his face with both hands. Soon, merely touching wasn't enough and Legolas found himself sitting astride Aragorn's lap, legs wrapping around his strong back. Deep, soul-staring followed before sharing their first lover's kiss. Soft Elven lips met firm, but smooth adan ones; gently exploring with tongues and tiny nips before breathing became paramount. "Amin mela lle, too, Legolas." Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Loss Author: Númenora Characters/Pairing: Elrond, Arwen, mentions of Aragorn (Estel)/Legolas, et al Rating: PG Genre: Drabble (400 words) Warnings: Major angst. Movie-verse AU, implied slash, implied mpreg. Disclaimer: Characters are NOT MINE and never will be. Feedback: Yes, please. Summary:Arwen and Elrond both receive devastating news. For lotrallslash Daily Drabble Challenge: 'Whisper.' Elrond moved quickly towards the ancient gardens, feeling he'd find Arwen there; a premonition telling him that she needed him desperately. He paled at what he saw. Large tears fell unchecked down Arwen's lovely pale cheeks as she gripped a piece of parchment in one hand and the Evenstar jewel in the other. The words 'sorry' and 'will always love you' swam before devastated eyes along with 'Legolas with all my heart.' "Arwen?" Elrond saw her pain and the necklace dangling loosely from slack fingers. "Ada..." She whispered as a sob tore free. Elrond pulled her into his arms, cursing himself for not being able to persuade her to leave for the Undying Lands. He'd told her that she would lose Aragorn to mortality while she continued alone and in sorrow, hoping this would be enough. But it had not been. He didn't have it in him to tell her that Aragorn's love for her had changed. Elrond knew Estel had tried unsuccessfully to explain, but failed in face of her unfailing trust that he would return to her someday. "He...says..." She started, then, "Legolas—he loves him! How, Ada?" She asked desperately. "I...believe that it happened gradually ere either of them realized—he would never have deceived you purposely." Elrond explained, his love for both children great." "You knew!" She pulled away, eyes incredulous. "I suspected only." She sat heavily upon the marble bench nearby, eyes looking westward. "I have lost everything." She said, defeated. "No, Arwen; you still have me and the Twins. And Celebrian in Valinor where we will be a whole family once more." He knelt before her with hope in his eyes. "Do you know why I stayed, Ada?" She inquired, laughing mirthlessly. "Because you love Aragorn." "Yes, I love him; but that is not the reason. I saw...I saw a child with Elven ears and blue eyes in Aragorn's arms." Another bitter laugh. "I just assumed that he was mine and Estel's—just as I have assumed many things." Elrond lifted her hands into his, "You can still have children, Arwen; you can love again in Valinor." "I will never see Aman." "Of course—" It was then he noticed her cold hands. "The light of the Eldar has left you." Devastation was now his. Pulling her close again, Elrond rocked Arwen, knowing that he would not sail West until he'd buried his daughter. Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Guarding His Rest Author: Númenora Characters/Pairing: Legolas and 3-yr-old Estel. Rating: G Genre: Drabble (100 words) Warnings: AU. Disclaimer: Characters are NOT MINE, never will be—though I constantly dream. Timeline: TA 2934 in Rivendell. Feedback: Yes, please. Summary:For the tolkienweekly lj 'Parallel Dialogue' challenge Legolas' sweet voice sang lowly as Estel fought off the last of his nightmare. He cradled the beloved dark, wavy head against his chest, his heartbeat accompanying the Elvish lullaby. "Hush, my little love; I will let nothing or no one harm you—this I pledge now and forevermore." The Sinda kissed the damp forehead bathed in sweat, his cool lips soothing to the child's troubled brow. "Layglis—will you stay with me and sing s'more?" The 3-year-old asked. "Of