To Kiss a Prince (An Estel/Legolas Yule Fiction) by Númenora Disclaimer: Characters that you recognize are the domain of J. R. R. Tolkien and his estate and possibly others who are authorized to use them for profit (which does not include me). I am making no money from this and no infringement is intended. Any other characters that may appear are of my design and clearly pale in comparison. Rated G Warning: this is Slash m/m. Although this is slash, there is no sex, just a very innocent kiss between 11-year-old Estel and Prince Legolas. Again, this is a slash story; if you don't like or approve of these type stories, please do not read it. This is a simple work of fiction and is not meant to make you think, nor is it trying to be a great piece of literature. It is simply something I wanted to write and share; if you don't like it, you are welcomed to give constructive criticism, but would appreciate it if people refrain from flaming (they serve no purpose except to be mean and juvenile). Thoughts are in Italics Summary: It is Yule time in Imladris and a young pre-adolescent Estel has a plan to make his "secret love" Legolas fall in love with him . The Mirkwood Prince arrived less than a week ago (just before the harsh winter weather set in between Mirkwood and there) for the celebration; and the young adan had just discovered an obscure prophecy in his ada Elrond's book of Yule lore that will do the trick. Will his eagerness to put his plan into action ruin the celebration for all concerned—especially for himself? This is a very sweet fiction inspired by Ak-Stinger's portrait of a young 10-year-old Aragorn (Estel) in What is Meant to Be as he appears after he meets Legolas for the first time in Rivendell and falls in love with the Prince. Although this is inspired by that work, this story is totally mine and is not meant to suggest that this happened as a part of her very lovely fiction. What is Meant to Be and the entire series can be found at One "The Perfect One" Estel loved Yule. This has always been true since he was old enough to enjoy such celebrations. Of course, the fact that Yule was a time when a certain "Young One" (one of many endearments his Ada uses to refer to him) received an over-abundance of gifts that he couldn't possibly use, may be at the very heart of his fondness for the holiday. But all of this is a discussion best left for another time because Estel was in heaven. The Prince of his dreams was there in The Last Homely House. They met for the first time that year in the Spring and from the moment Estel laid his eyes upon Legolas of Mirkwood, he became enamored of him and fell hopelessly in love! This is it , he thought; Legolas is sure to fall in love with me, now! Ada's book on the history and traditions of Yule contained the perfect solution. According to legend, any young male or female who kisses their first true love under a perfect bough of mistletoe on the stroke of midnight, the first morning of Yule, will capture that love's heart for all time! Just imagine! Estel had been studying in the library (looking for information for a reading on the true history of the season that he intended to recite during the concert being performed in The Hall of Fire after dinner the first night of Yule) when he ran across this piece of lore. Anyone who knew the eleven-year-old, would tell you that this was atypical behavior for the child—studying in Lord Elrond's library (or any library) without being told to or threatened; volunteering to perform before a group or crowd without being told to or threatened; taking a bath every morning without being told to or threatened (yes, that, too!). Yes, the young Heir to the Throne of Gondor was acting completely out of character. His family and friends would normally be shocked at all of this, but they all were quite aware that Estel had a very large crush on the youngest Son of Thranduil and that he was more than likely trying to impress their distinguished guest. Of course, all he had to do, now, was to find the perfect bough of mistletoe. He had planned it all, once he found the lore, or so he thought. He hadn't quite figured out how he was going to be in the same spot as the blond wood-elf at the first stroke of midnight tonight. He was usually in bed no later than eight in the evenings on normal days and he has never been allowed to stay up past ten on special days. His Adar Elrond would never allow him to be out of bed that late—or early—but he'll work that out later. Maybe I'll sneak into Legolas' room, kiss him quick and then leave . He knew that all this will be moot if he didn't find it first. Now I may not have enough time to search and it's all because of my big sister who has nearly spoiled it all! Arwen! Couldn't you have waited a couple of hours to have a final fitting for my new outfit for the special Yule dinner tomorrow? And why do I need a new tunic, leggings and new under-things (s'not like anyone but me will see these, after all!), anyway? The fact that he specifically asked his sister Arwen to make him a new "grown-up-looking" set of clothes for Yule (translation to make me look handsome so the beautiful Legolas will like me) was conveniently forgotten in his haste to further the course of true love. Estel's internal conversation was keeping time with his flight from the Last Homely House to the large grove of oak trees beyond Lord Elrond's private garden. These trees were the largest, tallest and oldest in Rivendell— everyone knew that mistletoe liked old, tall, large oak trees! This is where I'll find the "perfect one" to win my "Perfect One!" He just had to do it all in less than three hours, for he had to get back, put the mistletoe in water, finish the fittings, take a hot bath, comb his hair, find the perfect outfit, and brush his teeth all before it's time for dinner. I will never forgive Arwen for wasting so much of my time (she had better have some grand presents for me for Yule)! Being in love made the boy reckless for he knows that he wouldn't dare say or think any such thoughts about or to Arwen, normally. She was more mother than sister to him and she was not above sanctioning him for being disrespectful to her or any adult. He even forgot the fact that the Evenstar could practically read his mind. Love was definitely making him reckless—in a way more dangerous than this. No one saw the mortal leave his warm home, for if they had, someone would have insisted that he put on his winter coat, scarf, gloves and boots. If Estel had been an elf like his father and siblings, this would have been of little concern. But what the boy didn't know (or notice) was that snow clouds had moved in within the last hour and the unseasonably warm weather experienced in the Elven realm up until now was soon to be over, due to the rapidly dropping temperatures accompanying the rapidly developing snow clouds; and as a mortal, he had no natural resistance the frigid temperatures in the mountains and his inadequate clothing would not be enough to keep him safe. Estel completely ignored his body's reaction to the cold, as well as his common sense, as he climbed down from the third oak tree he had been exploring. For the last ninety minutes, he has been looking over and over mistletoe sprigs, bundles and boughs and none were good enough. He only had about and hour and fifteen minutes left to search before he had to get back home to get ready for dinner. And it would take another twenty minutes to walk the distance. Who knew this would be so hard? If I don't find the perfect bough, I'll have to wait for another Yule, and who knows when, or if, I'll ever have another chance to spend one with my love—it could take years and years. Ai, Elbereth, please help me! Estel vision started to blur as he felt tears spring to his eyes. Don't start crying like the baby Elrohir accuses you of being! Legolas deserves an adult, so start acting like one. He wiped his eyes and wiped his nose on his sleeve (he could see his Adar's disapproval in his mind's eye) and looked up to the sky to judge how much time he had left to find it and then... There! There it is! It's not in an oak, but that big elm tree over by that brook. Estel couldn't believe his eyes or his good fortune; then he smiled a truly beatific smile that lit up his face (he truly was a handsome young man). Elbereth heard him and answered his plea. Oh, thank you! He practically flew up the big ancient umbrella-shaped tree and his brothers, father and the Mirkwood Prince would all have been proud to see him climb like a true elf, but none would have allowed him to linger out in the cold like this. As he moved closer and closer to the prized bunch of mistletoe, his limbs, and especially his fingers and hands, started getting numb. I almost have you, my perfect one , he spoke to the large bundle in front of him (and to his Perfect blond Prince). Elrond's youngest very carefully cut the bough of greenery and white berries from the limb of the elm with the Elven dagger Elladan gave him for his last birthday and he slowly began to make his descent until he encountered a problem. How was he going to climb down and keep the mistletoe safe at the same time? "Estel, you idiot! You forgot to bring a basket to place it in!" He always brought along a basket with him when he went out searching for herbs and plants with his father, but he didn't even think of grabbing one in his haste to complete his mission. "I'll just have to hold it in my teeth while I climb down. That's the best way," the boy concluded as he smiled to the mistletoe in his hand. His conclusion or solution was flawed, probably due to the cold. You see, the snow had started falling about ten minutes before the young adan had reached his goal. He was freezing and hungry and his head had started hurting. My stomach is not feeling too good—I shouldn't have eaten my lunch so fast (he had to finish his paper for the reading). The queasiness that he was experiencing wasn't from his half-chewed food, but was from the small amounts of toxin from the stem of mistletoe he was ingesting. His compromised condition and his single-mindedness caused him to forget his ada's lessons on which plants were safe and which were dangerous—and mistletoe fell into the latter category. His ada told him that mistletoe was used to treat all manner of injuries and ailments, but he warned Estel not to consume the berries or the sap for mistletoe was very harmful to children, especially mortal ones. The dark-haired boy was about eight-feet off the ground when his vision blurred and he was struck with bout of vertigo. As he felt himself begin to lose his grip on the branch he was holding onto, he reached for the precious piece of evergreen to keep it from becoming damaged; that he was placing his life