Young Estel Series II by Númenora These are some more drabbles featuring Aragorn as a young child—3-years old in all of these. They range in word count, the longest being 900 words. Most are general, but some contain slash or implied slash; rating range from G-PG. Most are what I call warm & fuzzy, but there is some angst in two of them. Most should be chronological by events in Estel's life, but not necessarily when they were penned. I hope you enjoy them and your feedback is always appreciated. Patty. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Color Me Loved Author: Númenora Characters/Pairing: Elrond, 3-yr-old Estel, Erestor. Rating: G Genre: Drabble (900 words) Warnings: More warm and fuzzies, implied slash. Disclaimer: Characters are NOT MINE, never will be—though I constantly dream. Timeline: TA 2934 in Rivendell. Feedback: Yes, More Ada and Ion bonding in Rivendell. For lotrallslash Daily Drabble Challenge: 'Rainbow' Erestor walked swiftly down the hall towards Elrond's study. There wasn't actually any urgent business he needed to discuss with his Lord, but he wanted to let him know that he had returned from Lothlórien and to give him the missives from Lady Galadriel; then go to his chambers to wash off the grime from his long journey. It wouldn't do for him to greet Glorfindel covered with dirt—not that his love would mind in the least. As he made to knock, he noticed the door was ajar. That's odd, he thought. Elrond never leaves his door open; not even in summer when the weather warranted it. Strange. Not giving it further thought, Erestor knocked on the solid wooden door. "Enter," came the distracted response. "Erestor! I did not expect you back today; why didn't you send word that I might greet you properly?" Elrond was genuinely pleased to see his advisor home. "I'm hardly a guest, Hir-nin," Erestor laughed--charmed by Elrond's mood, embracing him as he came near. The Lord of Imladris had been jovial and untroubled for several months, now. Erestor, Glorfindel and the Twins had noticed the change which began nearly a year prior; the advent of a small human child had been the catalyst. Estel Elrondion (born Aragorn II, son of the late Arathorn II). The child arrived with his mother and immediately captured the Peredhel's heart. It was both wonderful and fearful to see; fearful since the boy was mortal and one day would break this friend's ancient heart. Erestor pushed that thought aside; years would it be before that happened. Handing him the sealed parchments, Erestor made close the door. "Tell me, meldir—what news of Lórien? No, please, Erestor; leave the door open." Elrond moved back to his cluttered desk, adding the missives to the piles. "Very well, meldir," he was puzzled still, but didn't question the reason. He sat before Elrond and the two began discussing his sojourn to the Golden Woods. What Erestor didn't know was that in his absence, 3-yr-old Estel had taken to visiting his ada in Elrond's study or any place that he was known to frequent. So, to that end, Lord Elrond gave strict instructions for all doors to his private sanctums (except the apothecary) to be left open as the knobs were too high and the weight too heavy for the child to manage. Just then, a high-pitched child's voice rang out through the halls, "Ada...Brew! Ada...wed!" Estel had developed a pronounced lisp as he'd learned more words these past months—colors were his favorite. A little body came barreling into the study passing by Erestor, creating a small whirlwind. "Wed, Ada, wed and brew! Wed and brew!" The child jumped up and down excitedly. "Calmly, Estel! What is the matter?" Elrond became nearly excited as Estel, the child's mood contagious. "Wed up high—brew up high!" He giggled as he tried catching his breath. It was then that Elrond noticed that Estel's wavy hair was damp. "Did you just come from a bath, ion?" "No, Ada Elwond. The wain, the wain!" He hadn't realized that it was raining; getting up to peer out of the window, he saw that the grounds were newly wet, though the rain had stopped. "Kome see, Ada, preese!" He was jumping again. "Very well, Estel; but look who's here." Pointing to Erestor. Estel blinked twice before recognizing the seated elf. "Westor! Westor, kome see wed and brew!" He grabbed both elves' hands and pulled them as best he could towards the door. They followed amusedly behind the boy and found themselves in the courtyard. Estel began jumping up and down again as he pointed up to the sky where a huge rainbow arched overhead. "Wed and brew, Ada—see! See!" A huge smiled broke out on Elrond's and Erestor's faces to see the rainbow and Estel's excitement over it. He'd shown the 3-yr-old smaller rainbows at the falls around Rivendell and even one in the sky after a rainstorm; but this was the first time that Estel had found one on his own and he was truly excited. "It's wonderful, ion-nin! I can see the red and blue. What other colors do you see?" He asked his son. Estel thought for a moment and then shouted out, "Gween!" "And what else? Red. Blue. Green and..." Elrond coaxed as he enunciated each color properly. A charming, deep frown broke out before Estel announced happily, "Puppy!" Erestor chuckled and Elrond fought his own as he corrected the child, "Yes, Estel; but it is pronounced 'pur-ple,'" he stressed the syllables so that Estel could grasp the word. But, Estel became confused and a deep frown appeared on his small brow. He knew that 'puppy' was a word, for his ada had shown him this particular puppy just the other day. Elrond was still waiting for the boy to say purple, but he never notice the little brown and white puppy sitting on the front steps. Estel had spied him while he was trying to remember his colors. Smiling again, Estel said, "Pupple!" Just then the little dog came running past the two elves and small boy. Estel took off running after him yelling, "Kome back, pupple—kome back!" Erestor and Elrond looked at each other, then burst-out laughing at the situation; then they went running after the boy and the 'pupple.' Please review OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Misplaced Author: Númenora Characters/Pairing: Arwen, Glorfindel, Elladan, Elrohir, Erestor, Lady Gilraen, Lord Elrond and 3-yr-old Estel. Rating: G Genre: Drabble (800 words) Warnings: AU, Angst, warm and fuzzies, slash. Disclaimer: Characters are NOT MINE, never will be—though I constantly dream. Timeline: TA 2934 in Rivendell. Feedback: Yes, Arwen is conflicted as she returns home to meet her newest brother. For lotrallslash Daily Drabble Challenge: 'Three'/Sequel to 'Color Me Loved' (Rainbow challenge). Elvish phrase glossary at the end. "We're nearly home, Hiril-nin," Glorfindel said to Arwen as they mounted the last slope approaching Rivendell. "Yes," she agreed though her smile never reached her blue eyes. She was happy to be home again, but she was also feeling apprehensive about it. She'd been feeling the oddest emotions ever since Erestor came to Lothlórien to bring correspondence from Lord Elrond to Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel. Her grandparents told her of the mortal child that had come to Imladris; about his father and his heritage. None of that surprised or distressed her since the Heirs of Isildur had always come to Rivendell over the many centuries to be fostered by her father. But, listening to Erestor speak of Estel (as her father had named him) and how much Elrond loved him made her feel jealous (and ashamed) that there was another son to compete with. Arwen knew that this was hardly becoming of an elleth of several thousands years, but she couldn't help it. She was the youngest and the only female in the family since her mother sailed; though she was doted on, she still felt the odd one out—misplaced somehow. And now there were three sons and a new 'baby' of the family; where did that leave her? She seriously considered declining her father's request that she come home to help raise Estel, but in the end she had agreed. So here Arwen was gazing down on the beauty that was Imladris once again and it gave her no joy. "I never tire of this view; each time is as the first!" Glorfindel beamed. Arwen knew that it was not only the beauty of Imladris that he'd missed during the weeks of escorting her, but his husband Erestor, too. "He will be very happy to see you again, as well." A true smile graced her lovely face this time, but it fled at Glorfindel's next words. "As will your family; I know they have been missing your presence these past hundred years, Hiril-nin." She nodded noncommittally as they continued the descent. Elladan, Elrohir, Erestor and Lady Gilraen waited in the courtyard for the party from Lothlórien to arrive through the gate. "What's keeping Ada?" Elrohir inquired as he fidgeted with his tunic, removing invisible bits from the front. "Not what, but 'who' is keeping him!" Elladan chuckled. He and Elrohir had personally dressed Estel for his first meeting with Arwen—the boy was perfectly groomed. This is, until they'd lost sight of him as he fled into the garden looking for Ada. When Elladan saw him again, Ada and Estel were less than pristine, the two of them going to clean up again. "There they are!" Erestor nearly squeaked like an elfling as he saw his mate riding protectively by the Evenstar. "She's as lovely as I've heard," Gilraen said next to Elrohir. Both Twins rushed their sister's horse, pulling her down into four strong arms, drenching her with kisses. "I almost didn't recognize you, you've been away so long!" Both said identically. Lady Gilraen and the party from Lórien watched in fondness the siblings and Erestor and Glorfindel as they kissed and embraced lovingly. Then the spell was broken by childish laughter and indulgent admonitions. "Slow down, Estel—they aren't going anywhere!" Elrond laughed. Arwen's peace of mind that everything was as she'd left it fled as she saw the affectionate look Elrond bestowed on the small mortal. "Gorfy! Gorfy is bock!" Estel ran, insinuating himself between the still-embracing pair until Glorfindel picked him up, little arms nearly choking him in welcome. "Arwen! Welcome home, iell-nin." Elrond held her close, tears coming to his gray eyes. "Ada—How I've missed you so." Seeing Elrond hold the new person, Estel scrambled down from Glorfindel's arms to stand before them, a frown gracing his sweet face as he stared up. Arwen mistook his look as one of unhappiness, but Estel was trying to recognize her. Elrond smiled, "This is your sister Arwen, Estel; you remember we spoke about her coming home?" Estel's face cleared as he gave Arwen one of his crooked little smiles before remembering his manners. He placed his chubby little fist over his heart and bowed forwards, curly braids swinging, "Mace gobanny, Ahwen." Her heart soared and she fell in love with him as her family had. "Mae govannen, tôr dithen." She knelt before him and he threw his arms around her, nearly strangling as he'd done to Glorfindel. "Do you know what, Estel? You are precious!" "Whas pressus?" Estel asked. "You are precious," she repeated happily as he treated her to another smile. Elrond reached down to grasp Arwen's and Estel's hands. "Come, Estel; let's get Arwen settled in." "No, Ada," Estel said. "I not Estel, I Pressus!" Arwen smiled broader, "You certainly are." Please review Elvish phrases: Hiril-nin (My lady) Iell-nin (My daughter) Mae govannen (Well met) Tôr dithen (younger brother) OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Title: Afternoon Delight Author: Númenora Characters/Pairing: Elrond, 3-yr-old Estel. Rating: G Genre: Drabble (200 words) Warnings: More warm and fuzzies. Disclaimer: Characters are NOT MINE, never will be—though I constantly dream. Timeline: TA 2934 in Rivendell. Feedback: Yes, Elrond seeks tea and gets chocolate instead. For lotrallslash Daily Drabble Challenge: 'Chocolate.' Elrond walked into the kitchens to fix a cup of herb tea; he