Hello, well I'm not sure what to say. Let's start by saying that I have no idea how I came up with this story but it's almost finished now so I decided to post it. I had it read by a few people who liked it and that's also why I posted it. I hope you like it at well. My first story came out pretty good and I hope this one does as well. So I tried to get a beta reader but none replied back and my main beta reader is very busy for some weeks. I looked it over myself but if you see any errors please point them out and I'll fix them. Disclaimer: Nope, don't own LOTR or any other of Tolkien's works. Warning: well it's not a warning actually but people usually read when it says that lol. Just to let you know, this is an introductory and action chapter so there will not be much conversation, but the rest will have a normal amount of conversation. Chapter one: Holy S#*! It was a normal day for Fiona. She was at home alone as she had been for the last two weeks. Her parents were out on a business trip and Fiona had been alone since the middle of May. She did not mind so much being alone. She was nineteen and could fend for herself easily. What really got to her was that her parents had taken her two younger sisters with them but had decided to leave her to watch over the house since they would be out for three months and they didn't want to leave the house alone for so long. She hated to think that she was here on the Island while the rest of her family was enjoying their long stay at Florida. Her only consolation was going out with her friends during Summer time. But her parents had not made it so easy for her to sneak out either. They had asked the neighbors to check up on her and report to them every week day. Only on weekends was she allowed to go out. She sighed as she looked out the window. It was Monday, only four more days to go before she could leave the solitude and silence of her house and go out with some friends. Not that she didn't enjoy peace and quiet, but she had not much to do on her own but read, write, watch tv, and surf the web. But even the internet had become tiresome after two weeks of it day and night. Fiona sighed again. Only another two more months of this, she thought sarcastically. She passed her hand over her wavy brown hair for the thousandth time that day. The day felt so long and it was not even midday yet. There was nothing interesting to watch, she was not in the mood to read or write and there was nothing she could think of to see in the web. She wondered if she would fall asleep if she tried. That way the day would pass without her needing to be conscious of the long hours that were making her lose her mind. She was about to walk away from the window when she heard her phone ring. She smiled as she heard the beat of the merengue playing and imagined herself at a party just dancing the night off. She saw that it was her best friend Astrid and smiled again, glad to have someone to take her off her boredom. "Hello." "Hey Fiona guess what! I got you a date with Joshua on Friday! Eeeee!" "Wait, you mean my Joshua?!" "No Fiona, I meant a random guy whose names is also Joshua. Of course is your Joshua. Of course it could still be Joshua Cruz." "And again with that." "Well Fio you cannot deny that those abs are not something that make him irresistible." "Abs are not what make a good husband, besides my Joshua is fairly buffed." "I know, I know. But anyway he will come to my sister's birthday to meet with you!" "But wait, that means you told him I like him!" she said with panic in her voice. "Not exactly. I told him that I had noticed how he had been looking at you for the past few weeks. He told me he had actual feelings for you!" "No way!" "Yes way!" Both girls screamed through the phones and jumped even if they couldn't see each other. "I can't believe it. After so much waiting he actually caress for me. But wait, I can't go out on Fridays! My dad has me under surveillance." "Well call him and ask him. One Friday won't kill you or him." "You're right. I can even tell him I'll sacrifice Saturday or Sunday in exchange." "That's my girl. Now start thinking of what you will wear. You need to be perfect for that night. I have to go now. My mom needs my help with the house. We are painting the inside and it's a mess in here." "Alright, see you on Friday. And Astrid, thanks." "No problem. That's what best friends are for." "Bye." "Goodbye." Fiona hanged up and sighed happily. She grabbed a pillow and let herself drop on the couch with a squeal. She was overjoyed. She had been waiting for that moment for almost a year. They went to the same College and were together in the Nurse program and she had hopes that they could move on from the friend zone into a relationship. She could see those light brown eyes looking at hers as they danced. She had forgotten her boredom and was now in a far off daydream where she was dancing with her beloved Joshua all night. Everything was right in the world. She thanked her parents for no taking her with them. This was one of the happiest moments of her life. oooOooo "Are you ready my son?" "I am Ada." "Now remember, the enemy will be ahead by now. You must find her and secure her before they can find her. We will be watching you with the Mirror of Aithne. Do you have everything?" "Yes Ada." "Good, then get going." The young man with long dark brown hair and silver grey eyes turned to his brother. They were identical twins and there were few that could tell them apart. "It won't be long brother. We will see each other soon." said the first who was leaving. "I know brother. I will look forward to your return. Stay safe." "You too." The two brothers embraced each other. The first one turned to his father who embraced him as well. "May the Valar protect you my son." "Thank you Ada." The man released his son and allowed him to walk to the center of the room. What looked like a door of mist was before him. With no hesitation he walked through and the door immediately vanished. oooOooo Fiona was still on her blissful moments of happiness. She had been thinking so much about her date with Joshua that she had forgotten to have lunch. Now her stomach growled furiously as if scowling her for neglecting her lunch. Fiona decided to make herself an egg sandwich. She opened the refrigerator to get some eggs but found that there were none. She grunted in annoyance. She had her mind set on that egg sandwich and she would have it. She went to her neighbor's house to see if they could lend her some but they too were out. She decided to walk up the hill to the next few houses to see who had eggs. She passed one house that was empty. As she walked further up the hill she heard a growl from the side. She stopped to look but there was nothing. She kept going but then she stopped at a horrifying sight. Large black creatures with black armor and swords came from the sides of the houses and were now in front of her. She counted them with her eyes and could count twenty nine but there were more out of her reach. She took some steps back. She had seen these creatures in a movie before, but they were just that, a movie. But now she was face to face with a small army of them. She wondered if she was just dreaming or seeing things. She backed up more but then some of the creatures began to approach her. Fear gripped her and she turned to run. But she didn't get far when she felt a rough hand grab her shoulder and pull her back. She turned with a soft scream and tried to free herself. She could see from up close the ugly face of the creature and for a moment she froze with fear. Then she lounged her feet in its midsection with all her strength. The creature howled with pain and loosened his grip but did not let go. She kicked again and was released. But before she could run away, a pounding pain exploded in her left temple and spread across her whole head as a strong fist made contact with her head. She fell to the ground rolling a bit down the hill and for a moment thought that she would black out. She was fighting to bring herself from the darkness that was settling into her. She knew that it would be futile to try to run again. She was weak and they would catch her again. She raised a hand to her head and felt something hot and liquid. She had a thin line of blood coming from the head wound. She fought the urge to scream when she saw that the creatures were now towering over her. She was pulled up by her hair, which was not helping the concussion that was wrecking her head. She opened her eyes to see the ugly creature sneering at her. She was praying that this was all a very bad nightmare or even that she had fallen or been hit on the head and was now hallucinating somewhere in her house. Tears fell down her cheek as the pain increased while she hanged by her hair. Then she heard screeching and was thrown back on the ground. She was able to lift her head enough to see that the creatures that were holding her before were now walking away. She stumbled slowly to her feet trying to keep steady with the dizziness that made her head spin but failed miserably. After a moment to compose herself, she tried again. She began to walk away slowly before she fell on her knees scraping them against the hard concrete and threw up. She was still on her knees when she heard a male voice over the screeching and metal clashing. "Go, run! Run now!" Fiona's head shot up to search for the owner of the voice. She saw that most of the creatures were dead, cut down though more were still coming out from the sides. She spotted the owner of the voice but her bewilderment kept her from obeying. He had very long, dark brown hair and was dressed in dark blue and silver grey clothing that reminded her once again from that movie. The man had given her his back as he continued fighting. He had killed most of the creatures, but he did not see that one of the creatures had hid behind the porch of a house and it threw a large rock straight at the man's head, throwing him to the ground unconscious. Fiona was now taken out of her shock and she realized that she needed to run, but she also realized that now the man was at the mercy of those creatures and there was no one to help him. She saw that there were only four creatures left. She knew she