It's been quite a while since last I wrote something long that is not the parodies I am working on with my co-writer, Windy. I honestly can't remember when I started writing this, over a year ago actually, but I had forgotten it. I found it in my documents and read it over and decided to continue it. I really hope you like it. You do not need to read any other story to understand this one, but it does make references to another I wrote called "When dawn breaks I will still be there." Like I said, you don't need to read it at all to understand this one, but if you wish to do so, then by all means do! Silver Tongue Chapter one Running down the hall of Harvard, long, black hair flowing and bouncing behind, was twenty two year old Catherine. She made herself way by pushing and squeezing herself through the mass of students and teachers, all dressed in heavy winter clothing. It looked like a survivor's competition. Everyone raced each other trying to reach the food courts and cafeterias first to avoid long lines, and others just wanted to leave as soon as possible to start their weekend. As Catherine rushed between the crazed crowd, a very large man brushed brusquely against her, making her lose her balance and stumble to the side, bumping into several people who either tripped along with her or shoved her aside with a curse or rude remark. Catherine ended up falling against a young woman who quickly reached out to steady her. "Thank you," she told her quickly, then turned to the guy that had pushed her in the first place. "And watch it next time you big idiot!" she yelled after him, but he either didn't hear her or didn't care enough to reply back. Huffing in annoyance, Catherine resumed her journey across the hall. Finally, she made it out of the crowded hall and into a long corridor with many doors, each with a tag with the name of the owner of the office. She passed about twelve doors before she arrived in front of one that said 'Nair Silver Tongue'. Without the need to knock, Catherine entered the office. An old woman was sitting behind her desk reading some papers. At first look many were fooled by the appearance of the woman. Even though she was in her mid-sixties, she appeared almost twenty years younger. Her blond hair tied back in an elegant bun, though somewhat lacking its former shine, looked young and healthy and enviable for many much younger women. Her ice blue eyes were strong and firm and full of life and deep mystery. Yet even if all her appearance made this woman look much younger than she was, people would quickly realize that she was older than she looked when she spoke to them. She had an air of authority and deep experience and knowledge that could only be acquired by long years of life and learning. There was a mysterious aura around her. No one could truly understand her and her power over people. She was never forceful, but by a single glance it seemed that she could read thoughts and souls and get any answer she wanted from anyone. The old woman put down her paper and looked up with a smile at her niece. "Good morning Catherine. You seem to be in a rush." "I am. I'm sorry to barge in and leave so quickly but I am late for an appointment and I need to borrow some books I saw you have for an assignment," she said while searching through one of the three bookshelves in the office. "Have you in mind a place to go this weekend?" "Place to go? What do you mean?" she asked, looking over her shoulder with an inquisitive look, then looking back at the books. "I mean, are you planning on leaving that pile of books and papers for a day and go out to have fun and relax for a change." "I have no time for that, aunt Nair," she said with mirth in her voice. "I have two assignments due next week and a test as well." "Honestly child, you need to live life a little more! You live buried in books and studies and you hardly give yourself time to relax and have fun. You act more like an old woman than I! I question whether or not you will ever get married or have more friends than just the youth from your classes. They seem to be around you more out of interest than of true friendship." "Of course they are! Do you think I don't know that? But I am their 'friend' out of interest above all as well. That's how things work when you're about to graduate in Laws School. You should know." "I do know, but I worry about you. At least they do not spend every waking moment with their noses stuck in the pages of books." "To get grades like mine so that I can afford enough scholarships to afford Harvard is not easy. Plus I've managed to make six years in four. At this rate I'll be out of college in no time!" "Oh Silver Tongue, you need to learn to live." "I know how to live! And please stop calling me like that!" "Why can I not call you by your name?" "It's my surname, and it sounds like weird, ancient surname." "It is an ancient surname, and it has passed down through many generations. Names always have special meanings, and yours, both name and surname, are truly special." There was silence for a while as Catherine continued to search through the books, ignoring her aunt's last comment. "Aunt Nair, where are the books on Russian and Middle East laws and politics?" Catherine turned around and found her aunt staring at her with penetrating eyes. Catherine had gotten used to her aunt staring at her like this after a few years of the same thing. She had asked the reason for her to do this, but she never got an answer. The old woman seemed to bore into her soul. She could feel as is her aunt could see an entire world within her every time she stared at her this way. "How is your head, Catherine? Has the aching increased?" "It has been better of late," she answered carefully. "The books are back here," said Nair, turning and walking further into the office. They arrived at a little gathering room. Catherine looked around but saw no books. She was then taken by surprise when her aunt began to push a wardrobe along the wall. She didn't bother to offer her help since she was always shunned away anyways. Catherine gawked at a small door that appeared from behind the wardrobe. "I never knew this was here. Why didn't you ever tell me about it?" "I like to keep some things secret. I am sure you know that by now." Catherine had to hold the urge to role her eyes, remembering the many secrets and mysteries her aunt always held. She walked into the small room which was lit by a lantern that was connected to the wall outside. The room was very small. It had room only for the bookshelf and three people. Catherine crouched and began searching through the books. As she did, something caught her attention and made her smile. She reached for a framed picture of a handsome young man with wild golden hair and blue eyes. "You two were very alike- dad and you- almost like twins. Too bad I never got his golden locks or blue eyes." "You look a lot more like your grandfather, my father," Nair chuckled. "Tall, long black hair and honey eyes. He was a true definition of a dark beauty." Nair observed the picture and smiled, caressing the image of her father. "I miss him," she said, longingly. "So do I," Nair replied, wistfulness in her voice. "Well I will leave you now, child. I have a meeting in an hour and I want to find a chair as far from the air vent as possible. Apparently people do not understand that having cold air conditioner during winter is an insanity!" Catherine chuckled. "Alright, see you later then." Catherine resumed searching though the books, but felt as if she was being observed. She turned her head to find her aunt staring at her profoundly, a hint of melancholy in her eyes. "Uh, is everything alright aunt Nair?" The old woman smiled calmly. "Nothing, child. Goodbye, Catherine." Without another word, Nair turned and left Catherine wondering what that melancholic farewell was about. Suddenly remembering that she was late, Catherine continued to search through the books. When she thought she had everything she wanted, she put back the books she had taken out and prepared to leave. Just as she was standing to leave, something caught her eyes. Catherine crouched once more before the old bookshelf and reached out for a small book. It was leather bound with a silver spine. It was only about three inches wide and four long. But what caught her attention the mots was what was written on the cover, Argentum Lingua. " Argentum Linguea? Silver tong ," she said to herself, translating the words from Latin to English. Catherine had no more time so she stuffed the book in her pocket and ran out of the office. She reached her car without breath. Her things had already been packed and stuffed in the backseat of the car in the early morning. Catherine had learned never to leave anything, not food, not clothing, not even her dishes at her dorm, because the girls she shared the dorm with liked to have parties in the weekends and everything Catherine owned would disappear or appear broken, stained of half eaten. Catherine started the engine and drove out of the parking lot of her building and into the street in direction to Berkshire where she lived. Not ten minutes had passed when she found herself in a traffic jam. "Oh come on people! I am late as it is!" she said, slamming her forehead on the steering wheel. The phone began to ring. Catherine reached for it, but seeing it was her friend whom she was due to meet in less than ten minutes, she decided not to answer. Traffic began to move slowly. She saw that there had been an accident and that a police man was moving traffic. When it was her turn to stop, Catherine remembered the little book she had found. She pulled it out of her pocket and studied it once more. The cover was engraved with the words Argentum Lingua, her surname. "Silver tongue," she muttered to herself, translating the meaning of the word. She opened the first page. Her eyes widened when she saw a beautiful picture that had been hand drawn in ink. It was a young man with a most handsome face. His facial features were gentle and fine. There was a lovely smile on his face and a sparkle in his eyes. He was wearing an elegant robe. It was a complicated design. His attire had several layers, all with embroidery of leaves and vines. He was holding his right hand up, his palm facing the sky and from it light or magic seemed to be projecting. His left hand has held waist height and he was holding a small book, identical to the one she was holding. Catherine flipped the page and saw a single sentence in the middle of the page, it was written in Latin. " Ancient silver tongue I call thee. Take me to the land where my spirit can be free to be what it was meant to be." She read it carefully in an undertone, wondering what this could mean. A mixture of a