A/N: All things related to Twilight belong to S. Meyer. This plot is mine, though. I wrote this a dialogue experiment for my writing class back in 2010 and completely forgot about it. Now, 5 years later, I stumbled upon it on my quest to get back to writing and decided to review it and write more about these two characters I love so much. Next I'll write about their first date. Original disclaimer : This is a dialogue experiment I did for my writing class. I wrote it with Edward and Bella in my mind, so when it was finished, I decided I would put Twilight names on it, translate to English and post it here as well. I really enjoying writing this and got attached to my characters so much, that I might even write other 'firsts'. I don't even know if anyone is going to read this, but I think the pleasure of writing is worth it. # - Edward, brother, I know women can be terrifying sometimes, but you can't let them mess with your head like that! – Emmett said, feigning annoyance. - Bella isn't messing with my head! I just want to talk to her! I don't even know why she won't go watch The Doom of The Earth with me. - 'Cause you're playing with other chicks, dude! You don't do that! - I'm not playing with any chicks. That's gibberish. We live in the city. We don't have Gallus gallus domesticus here. - That's what? We don't have what? – Emmett really thought Edward was a nice little dude, but sometimes he just couldn't understand what the hell the boy was talking about. – Whatever. So you're saying that you're not hanging out with the boobies girl? Cause, you know, Bella was all cozy with Jasper earlier… - Bella was what? – The shocked expression on Edward's face made Emmett feel guilty. He knew his little sister had a tendency to exaggerate things, but he didn't like seeing her crying like that for a boy. Even if the boy didn't do anything wrong. It was his duty as the older brother to mess with Edward's head a little bit. - I'm going home, Emmett. Tell Bella I'm sorry. – Said Edward with a sad frown on his face. Yep, the little dude has got it bad, Emmett thought. # - Bella, you shouldn't be hanging out with him… He's way older… - Edward said, worried. His not-so-chubby-anymore hands nervously running through his copper hair. - Shut up, Edward! You just don't want me with Jasper cuz you can't stand the idea that I am moving on. – Bella said, raising her voice. How could he? She was so mad. So he could flaunt his relationship with the perfect blond cheerleader and she couldn't even talk to a guy? - What? Moving on from what? – He asked, genuinely confused. Emmett was right, he thought. Women are so terrifying. - You and Tanya? Do you think I don't know that you guys went to the movies last week? – Tears started pooling on her beautiful brown eyes. Edward was already feeling nauseous. He hated that Bella was mad at him and he couldn't even understand why. - But that was because her mother asked! Don't be absurd. You know Alysa is in the gardening club with mom and they thought it would be a good idea if I made friends with Tanya! - Bella shuddered as she-who-must-not-be-named's name left his mouth. - Sure. Maybe Jasper's mom asked me to french kiss him the way you did to Tanya… - Now Bella was really mad. The day before, at school, she had heard Tanya bragging about the woooonderful kiss Edward gave her on the movies Thursday. The worst was that Edward had said to her that they would be studying geometry! What a liar! - I did whaaat? Bella, of course I didn't! You should know that French kissing is gross and you could get papillomavirus . You're not doing this with Jasper, are you? - What if I am? - That's why you're going out with older guys in motorcycles? You know I don't want to tell you dad, but if I have to… - DON'T YOU DARE TELL MY FATHER!– Bella started running home. Edward stood there, paralyzed, while Esme watched from the front port with a smile on her lips. Maybe Edward tutoring Tanya wasn't such a good idea after all… # - Here, sweetheart. Would you like some hot chocolate? I put cinnamon in it the way you like it! – Said Esme, while handing a steaming cup to her depressed son. - Thanks, mom. – Edward grabbed the cup while sitting up from the couch he was laying into. - Why the scowl on your face? – Esme asked while trying to hide the smile on hers. - Just reflecting… - He said with a pensive expression - Reflecting about what, my dear? – Said she trying to hide the laughter in her voice. - About how women don't make any sense at all! Bella should know better than going kissing motorcycle boys around town, right? How does she know he brushes his teeth regularly? – Edward was so perturbed that he raised his voice in the end, a fault he never committed around his mother. - I doubt Bella is around town kissing boys, even less boys with motorcycles. You know she can't even go around one after she broke her arm while driving Jake's! - But she's kissing Jasper, and he has a motorcycle! And doesn't brush his tongue! - Why don't we stop discussing Jasper's dental hygiene and talk about why are you so upset? - Bella is mad at me and I don't know why! I was just letting her know that I'm concerned about her proximity with that James Dean and she began attacking me! She told me I kissed Tanya and I didn't! I'm sure Tanya doesn't floss, by the way… - Ok, honeybee! – Esme was getting worried about her son's obsession with a clean mouth. – Maybe she is annoyed because you asked Tanya out and not her? - But why should I ask her out if we are together all the time anyway? And you made me hang out with Tanya! I didn't even want it! - Tanya is failing her geometry class and Alysa though that if you became her friend… I'm sorry if I abused your good influence around girls, dear. – And what a good influence he was! Her sweet little Edward was the face in the picture all middle-school girls around town kept under their pillows. - That's fine, mom. I don't think I can help her, though… She's really weird. We were there in the kitchen studying, and while I was trying to get her to understand the concept of congruent figures, she was just there, staring at me and grabbing my hand! – He said with an appalled expression on his face. – After the chapter was finished, very badly may I say, she dragged me to the movies to watch something stupid that didn't even had zombies in it! Bella would have made so much fun of it… You know how she hates chick flicks! - And I bet Bella grasps the concept of errr… what was it? Ah, congruent figures! – Esme was openly smiling now. - Of course she does! Bella is the smartest girl in the world. And you should see… She's way better than me in Chemistry lab. You know how all that chemicals make my asthma worse… - Yes, I know, dear. – Esme sat there, smiling at her adorable son who was turning into an incredible man right before her eyes. She wished him and Bella could stay kids forever, remembering how they could sit together for hours trying to figure out a giant puzzle with frowns on their small faces. – But why don't you go to Bella's and explain to her that you didn't even like your time with Tanya? Tell her that your cruel mom put you through it but you were wishing you were with her the whole time! - You're not cruel, mom! And should I tell her that I wished I was with her? – The frown on his face that had gone away while he talked about Bella was returning now. – Won't I look like a … pussy? – He whispered the bad word, afraid he would offend his mother. - No, sweetheart. Sometimes, girls like to know how their… friends feel about them. Tell her that and be open about your feelings concerning Jasper. You may not have realized yet, but I'm a girl and I know what I'm talking about! – She said with another smile. - 'Kay… Bella deserves my honesty. It's just that she's smarter than me and sometimes I don't fully comprehend her train of thought. But she must be right… # - So, how's the crisis on your end, dear friend? – Renee said good humoredly through the phone. - Crisis averted, I would say. Edward is already on his way! – The friends laughed at their sweet pre-teens. - I thought so. His piece of carrot cake is waiting for him! I spared one for you and one for Carlisle too! - But the recipe you won't give me, right? - No. That's a Swan secret! - All right, all right. So, how is Bella? - Ah... You know. Falling apart. I couldn't very well decipher the mumbles between the sobs, but for what I understood, Edward is marrying a perfect cheerleader with huuuuge boobs while she doesn't even need a bra yet. And there was also something about her not being able to talk to any guys because Edward is a control freak. - Ohh poor thing! – Esme said after a fit of laughter. – You should have seen his face when Bella left. He just stood there, shocked. Afterwards, he threw himself at the couch and laid there, reflecting, he had said. - Oh… So he was rethinking his relationship with the E-cups cheerleader? – Renee absolutely loved Edward. She and Esme were friends since college, where they studied architecture together. Renee got pregnant of Emmett in her first year and decided to become a stay at home mother, while Esme went ahead and became a known interior designer. That didn't affect their friendship, though. Since then, they got married, one being the other bridesmaid, and had Edward and Bella almost at the same time. Therefore, it was understandable that Renee adored Edward as if he was her own son. And she was sure he would end up as her son-in-law anyway… - Yes, because you know, Bella's torrid affair with Jasper really made him rethink his promiscuous life! Edward was so worried, poor thing. He thinks Bella is kissing Jasper, who doesn't even brush his tongue! – Esme again went into a fit of laughter. Watching the teenage drama was very entertaining, but if she was honest with herself, she couldn't wait for them to get together. She and Renee were already planning the wedding. It would be in shades of blue, to go with Bella's skin tone. - Jasper doesn't brush his tongue? I shall forbid Emmet to see this boy again! – They outright laughed now. - Jasper was here earlier to give Emmie some car part for Rose. Bella was sitting all sad on the porch reading Wuthering Heights, so you know she was really upset. Jasper saw and went to talk to her. Emmett told that to Edward when he was here earlier. Now he's feeling all guilty because Bella won't stop crying and he thinks he made things worse. - It was definitely a bad idea asking Edward to tutor Tanya. Can you believe she dragged him to watch a romantic comedy? He