Echos of the Descendant A/N: Here's the first chapter, please read and review! SPOILERS FOR ALL THREE HUNGER GAMES BOOKS! Brief explantions of all three from Primrose. Reviwers get cyber hugs! Primrose's POV. Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games or it's characters. My mind is not that brilliant! Chapter One- Primrose Mellark I stare at the faded pattern on the soles of my tattered plimsoles. I remember the many years I spent running through the forest with those shoes on. The leaves brushing my face and the branches snapping under my feet. I always use my mother's bow and arrows when I'm out. I never had as crack a shot as my mother had but I enjoy shooting the arrows at trees and, on occasion, accidently shooting a bird. I will be wearing those shoes later on in the square but, for now, I promised I'd meet Marice in the forest. As I walk along the street I can see people perparing their children for the events to come. Mothers fixing their son's ties, fathers hugging their daughters, brothers and sisters of five to ten play fighting in the street, unaware of the upcoming I reach the fence I listen carefully to the newly put up chain link fence. As always there's a low humming sound, a sign that it is stacked with electricity, so I take a few steps back in search of the oak tree I always climb when the fence is electrofied. When I spot it I hurry over to it and run my hand over the rough tree bark until I snag my palm on a sharp point that sticks out from the rest. It never takes me long to climb the tree, since I have had six years of practice. The first time I tried to climb the tree, I was eleven. I climbed it fine, of course, as since I'm the oldest I'm the one who has to fix the leaks in the ceiling which includes climbing the side of the house and crawling along the roof to reach the source, but it was when I crawled to the end of the branch and leaped off I snagged my foot on the fence I got electrocuted. I was bedridden for two weeks until I got the feeling back in my foot. It took me a while to buck up the courage to try again but, after careful consideration, I had another go. Where I sprained my wrist. I kept practicing once I had recovered and finally landed on the other side without injury or harm to myself. I then started to meet Maurice there so we could be alone to talk about things that shouldn't be said in a high security district. I see him now, sitting on the tree branch on the top of the hill, skinning a wild turkey. He has always had more of a knack for hunting and killing. I think he gets it off his father. The sun is pierceing through the trees and glints of his bronze hair. He looks so much like his dad. If you handed that boy a trident he would be the most lethal being in district 12. "Hey Prim," he grins. No-one ever calls me Prim, apart from Maurice, but only when we're out in the forest. "Hey Maurice," I grin back, pulling my bow and arrows out of the grass heap by the pond and loading it up. "Catch anything else?" Maurice shakes his head. "Just this," he sighs. "How's the trident going?" I ask, shooting an arrow at a tree. Maurice sighs and takes a long, thick plank of wood out from behind him. The top is weakly cut out, in an attempt to make trident spikes. "Not very well." "Do you want me to have a go?" I ask, pulling my trouser leg up, revealing the knife and strap I also keep attatched to my ankle. "No, we've been through this. If my father could do it, I can too!" He drops the plank of wood again and continues skinning. "Maurice, 1) your father was leathal at killing people with a trident and 2) your not your father. Give it here," I snap. I unstrap my knife, take the wood and drop to the ground beside the trunk Maurice is sitting on. I don't know what he found so hard. I begin hacking at the wood, gently curving the end to make a handhold. "Got a nice outfit for today?" I ask as the wood shavings blow away in the wind. He doesn't answer. He's been furious the past couple of weeks over what's going to happen today. "Don't be like that," I sigh. "Please?" I look up at him and see the anger that is blaring in his eyes. The meat of the turkey is lying on the ground and he is just scraping off the bone now. "We have to deal with it whether we like it or not. You can be grumpy if you want to but I don't see the point in it." "My dad died trying to stop this," Maurice says quietly. "I know that," I say back. "My auntie did die trying too. I have family members who are currently suffering for it as well you know." "I know that," Maurice says. "I just can't take the fact that we fought so hard to get rid of it and yet, one granddaughter of the president comes into power after twenty five years, and everyone just falls back into place. Down with the Capitol!" He shouts. I leap off the ground and whack my hand over his mouth. "Sssh!" I snap. I poke him with the end of the stick in which I have sharpened. "Why should I? No-one will us!" He says through my hand. His breath his warm but makes my hand sweat so I slowly take it away. "Just don't talk like that," I say, hacking another hunk of wood out of the plank. "Tell me again," Maurice says, "Why didn't they make the games with the Captiol children?" "Because it would just prove that we are no better than them. Even though it was voted to happen people finally saw the light and listened to the people who were against it," I say. "Like your dad?" Maurice asks. "My dad was right about it. If we shoved the Captiol children into a games it would have been against everything everyone fought and died for." "And look what it's brought us," Maurice mumbles as he gathers up the meat. "Have you got your pouch?" he asks. I nod and hand him the pouch that I always keep tied round my waist. He splits the meat and drops my half in. "No, Maurice, you caught that yourself," I say, "I've still got some honeysuckle and dandelions at home that I can make soup with." Maurice shakes his head and passes the pouch back to me. "Have it. On me," he says. "Come on." He gets up and takes the plank of wood out of my hands and puts it back in it's place inside the trunk he was sitting on. I look at my bow and arrows and push them back under the grass heap. Maurice and I walk back to the fence in silence. I climb the creepers that are wrapped round the maple tree and help Maurice up beside me. He stays there for a moment and swings his legs to and fro. I place my hand on his shoulder and smile. "Don't worry about it. You won't get picked," I whisper. "Wear something pretty." I then leap over the fence and land on the ground, just remembering to bend my knees inches from the ground. At home, my brother Gale is spinning round in circles waving an airplane made out of a match box in his hands. I catch him and whirl him round in many circles, which makes him laugh happily. Mum comes in and tells me to put him down before we fall over. When I do put him down he swirls a bit so I steady him. I take a look at my mother and smile. She is wearing a lovely black, knee-length gown that has small, silver, butterflies flying along the bottom rim. Her hair is tied in a messy bun but she still looks radiant. "You look lovely mum," I say. "Thank you," she smiles, swiping a loose strand of hair behind her ear. "Where's dad?" I ask. Mum looks from side and side and quietly tip toes over to the patio doors. She peers out from behind the curtains and shakes her head. "He's having a problem isn't he?" Mum presses her finger to her lips so I nod and repeat the gesture to Gale who nods happily and does the same. Mum slips outside and I leap over to the patio doors. I pull back the curtains a bit and look outside. I can only see the back of dad. He is sitting on a patio chair and is clutching the arms so hard that there's a vein sticking out of his hands. His blonde hair's askew and looks like it hasn't been brushed in a few days. Mum comes into view and crouches beside him. She's saying something inaudiable but I can tell by the gentle expression on her face she's trying to calm him. I'm never allowed to be around when dad goes into one of his states but I always observe from a distance. I wish I could find out what mum says to him that calms him so. She is currently stoking his hands, which is making him slowly loosen his grip on the chair. For some reason I feel a tear run down my cheek but I immediately wipe it away. Gale joins me by the window and says, "Is daddy upset because of the reaping?" Oh yeah, I forgot to mention. The big event of today is the reaping. You may have heard of it but maybe you haven't. The reaping is an annual event where a boy and a girl is chosen for the Hunger Games as a reminder to the districts that the Captiol is in charge. There are twelve districts that surround the Capitol, who are in charge. There was once thirteen districts. Twice. But once the Hunger Games was reinstated a bomb was sent over to district 13 faster than you can blink as punishment for their role in the children chosen are forced to fight to the death until there is only one left, the victor. In the past there has been two rebellions against this. The first failed and the second succeeded. It was an empty victory though as, a few decades later a new Capitol leader came into power and reinstated the Hunger Games. I don't know why no-one protested as I have never really been interested in polictics but I do know that the new Capitol president is the granddaughter of the man who had invented the Hunger Games all those years ago. Yes, that's why dad is upset. I would never in a million years tell Gale this though as he is only twelve and it would mean having to explain both mum and dad's past to him, which he is to young for. Mum told me two years ago, when I was fifteen. Before then I had thought mum's nightmares were brought on by a mental instability and dad's issues, which I still don't know the offical name for, was an effect of his illness called, "Hijacked." Mum approached me one day after my fifteenth birthday and explained everything. On the occasion of the 74th annual Hunger Games, my mother's sister's, (a.k.a my auntie Primrose to whom I was named after), name was pulled out of the reaping ball when she was only twelve. Mum, who was sixteen at the time, volunteered to take her