Hello. This is my first attempt at a one shot. I'm not sure how it went, but I must admit I had fun doing it! Warning! Contains smut! Don't read if that's not your thing. Enjoy and please, please let me know what you thought. Not beta'ed but if anyone is willing to go back and edit it then PM me. Thank you. "You're at the airport?" Alice voice was a high pitched screech through the phone, "you said you were going out for a long drive. I'm waiting here with ice cream! Fucking ice cream which is melting everywhere." "The honeymoon is already booked and paid for. It would be a waste not to go." "Bella," Alice sighed, and her voice was muffled as she spooned melting ice cream into her mouth. Alice always was a nervous eater, "this is a really bad idea. Like super, super bad. You're going to be surrounded by other couples, not to mention staying in the fucking honeymoon suite. It's a slap in the face with a big ol' wet fish." "It's going to be fine, Alice." I reassured whilst struggling to pull my suitcase along, "the last thing I want is to stay in Forks. I can't deal with the pity looks for another second, and all the gossip. I need this. I need to let loose and enjoy myself." "I swear if that fucker Mike ever steps foot in Forks again, I'm going to cut his balls off with a rusty spoon," were Alice's parting words before she hung up, and despite the shitty situation I couldn't help but giggle. As I hurried through the crowded airport I was grateful that I had taken the time to change out of my enormous wedding dress and into something more comfy; even though the cab driver had been giving me weird looks as I attempted to change by myself in his back seat. Thankfully the driver had got me here on time, however because I had cut it so close it wasn't long before my flight was being called and I was having to sprint across the airport to make it to the boarding area on time. "Can I have a vodka please," I asked the passing airhostess as I settled into my seat. She nodded and quickly scampered away, "and keep 'em coming." The flight to Brazil was long, but after two vodkas I pretty much passed out, and wasn't woken until the flight had landed. I was groggy and a little grumpy as I walked to where the coach was waiting to drive us to Isle Esme, an extremely large resort in Brazil It boasted about being the perfect escape. I had been so excited when Mike booked it for us as a surprise. The place had looked perfect in the brochure, but as we pulled up at the resort I couldn't help but feel disgruntled. The place was beautiful, but there was a cheerfulness to it that I didn't particularly appreciate. It didn't help that I was surrounded by couples who were oohing and aahing at it. Like Alice had warned the place was clearly meant marketed for couples, and being the only single person around was going to be harder than I had thought it would be. But they did have a free bar, so I was happy enough to follow the various greeters, who stood smiling as we climbed off the coach. The greeter next to me babbled on about a wild spring, all very romantic and beautiful, but I was quick to interrupt him, "can you show me to the bar, please?" "You don't want to settle in? Wait for your husband to join you?" he asked, puzzled. It was tempting to announce that my should be husband was probably off in some trashy hotel fucking his slut of an assistant. I didn't though, and I gave myself an imaginary pat on the back. "Nope," I shook my head, "I need a drink." He showed me to the bar, and having finally caught wind of my mood left me alone to sulk in my own misery. The bar itself was large, but fairly empty. Only a few couples were dotted around, and no one was sat at the bar. "This music is so fucking dreary," I complained loudly to the bar tender as I took a seat, "I feel like I'm at a funeral." The bar man, a tall and beefy guy, laughed at me, "I'll tell Edward you said that." "ohhh not Edward, please, not Edward, what the is he going to do?" I mocked, "play another depressing song?" The man held his arms up in mock surrender," what can I get the disgruntled woman?" "A vodka, and not the cheap stuff." I warned him. The cheap stuff tasted like nail varnish remover, and as a grown woman I was above drinking that sort of stuff. Or at least that's what I told myself. Beefy guy filled a glass and pushed it in front of me. I thought he would linger and do the typical barman thing you see in films. You know; ask me questions about my life and give me epiphany inducing advice. He didn't. He just walked away and started cleaning the other side of the bar. Jackass. Although I couldn't complain much. I did want to be alone. And finally having chance to be alone and away from the stress did feel good. It felt especially better when the soppy piano music stopped playing. Peace and quiet at last. I revelled in it for about half an hour before a shadow appeared behind me; blocking out the sunlight. "You come here often?" a male sounded from behind me. I turned, startled at the sudden voice. A guy was stood directly behind me, and I had to crane my neck to look at his face. I was prepared to give him a bitchy look, and hope he'd leave me alone. But instead I probably looked like someone had hit me in the face. This guy was hot. His hair was an odd bronze sort of colour and twisted so it resembled sex-hair. All wild and uncontrollable. His face was handsome and manly. Strong jaw and high cheekbones framing intense green eyes that were smirking down at me. His body was hot too. Tall and lean but from his short-sleeved top I could see he was muscly. "That line ever worked for you?" I asked back. "Didn't your mother ever tell you not answer a question with a question?" I raised an eyebrow at him, and he let out a chuckle. He seemed to take my response as an invitation to sit down. "I'm Edward." "I'm Bella." "Emmett tells me you were less than happy with my playing," he nodded his head towards the piano. I had to admit I was quite shocked that someone so young was playing classical music. "It was a little depressing." "It's meant to be romantic music." I shrugged my shoulders, "whatever you say. It's just not what I want to listen to." "Then maybe we should get out of here." I had to admit I was a bit stunned at how strong he was suddenly coming on, and a little put off, "I'm not that sort of woman." He laughed, and didn't seem at all bothered, "I didn't mean it like that. The resort's got a club. The music is a little bit more upbeat and it's a lot more lively." It seemed I as all kinds of impulsive, because I picked up my bag and nodded my head, "lead the way." His arm wrapped around my waist as he directed me out of the bar, "it's the other side of the resort, and meant more for the workers than anyone else. You'll be accepted in because you're with me." Something about those words made me shiver to the core, and I couldn't help but brush closer to him. We walked fast, and reached the bar quite fast. The music was loud, and I could feel it vibrating through me as we approached nearer. There wasn't a line of people queuing outside, but there were a few groups huddled around outside. Most were smoking and talking, but when they noticed Edward they all stopped and gave him a greeting nod, and some of the girls giggled and called his name loudly. I expected he would stop to talk to them, but he was man on a mission and we swiftly passed them and went into the club. It was everything I remembered them being, and I suddenly had hazy memories of college nights out with Alice. God, it had been so long since I had been out clubbing. Since having met Mike I had settled into the sort of couple routine where you just stay in and have nice dinner parties and have friends over. I hadn't realised I missed the smell of sweat, booze and the sway of loud music until now. My body having a mind of its own seemed to move to the beat of the music. We moved to the bar, and Edward being friendly with the bartender meant we were served fast. The club was loud so I hadn't heard what Edward had ordered, but it quickly became clear it was a shot. "The shot is called a blowjob," he shouted over the music, and his eyes were intense as he watched my reaction, "you can't use your hands to take it." I nodded my head and shuffled closer to the bar as I eyed the shot. It was filled over the brim with wiped cream so I had no clue what was in it. I leant down, taking the glass rim in my mouth. I quickly tipped my head back, and the liquid and the cream mixture rushed down my throat. The cream seemed to sooth the sharp burn of the alcohol, and all together it wasn't too bad. Thankfully I didn't choke when I swallowed and as I put the shot glass down I smirked at Edward's lustful looks. "You're good at blowjobs," he smirked. "So I've been told," I sassed, and I mentally cringed at how lame I sounded. Edward didn't say anything else, and instead handed me another drink, gin and tonic, "shall we dance?" I nodded and followed him into the dance floor. We danced for a few songs; and we had a few more drinks. He was careful to keep some distant between us. I knew he was trying to read me; to see if I was interested. By his frustrated looks I could tell he wasn't successful. "You've got good moves," he complimented, and his hips thrust gently against mine; testing the waters. When I moved my hips against his, he smirked and rocked against me again. Harder. "So have you," I replied back stupidly not really sure what else I could say. It had been even more years since I had attempted to flirt with a guy. And I had to admit Edward made me nervous. When I had decided to come on the honeymoon I hadn't given one thought to other men. I wasn't ready for anything like that. Yet here I was; dancing and flirting. I thought I might feel guilty for it, even though Mike had left me, but all I felt was this lightness. I felt carefree. It was wrong to feel guilty. I was a free woman. I could do what I wanted. Fuck Mike! Fuck everyone! And with that resolve I leaned up and placed a solid kiss on Edward's lips. I could tell me was shocked by sudden kiss, but his lips quickly relaxed and he began kissing me back. His tongue pushed through my slightly parted lips and began exploring my mouth. I held back a moan and instead threaded my fingers tightly into his hair; attempting to get even close to him. My stomach clenched when