Soli Deo gloria DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. So, it only took a few months for me to read all the PJO books. I think they're a great bunch of friends and honestly I need to read about them in a scenario where they aren't about to die every five minutes. XD Post-Gaia War. Of course Leo and Calypso have found CHB, they've all been united, hugged, punched shoulders, made sarcastic comments to each other, etc, etc. The Big Seven and Calypso stood outside of a skeevy looking shop in the middle of downtown Queens. Percy and Annabeth could barely focus on the unassuming window looking into a hall that reminded one of a dull doctor's office. Their eyes were directed on the perimeter around them, searching for any kind of monster activity happening in their general vicinity. "We must be giving off such a stink right now," Hazel muttered to herself. "It's okay, Leo always smells like that," Frank said coolly. Hazel gave his hand a very hard squeeze. Leo waved a hand. "It's okay. That stink isn't my personal body odor, however. This new cologne is doing me wonders!" "Unbounded wonders," Calypso pointed out, though with a smile at her boyfriend. Piper wrinkled her nose and covered it with her hand, looking like she'd just gotten hit with a wave of stink. Jason groaned and said, "I wasn't smelling it before, but now I do! What is that awful smell?!" Percy and Annabeth stopped focusing on what monsters could potentially pounce on them and pinched their noses. All made noises of disgust and looked at Leo with annoyance. "Leo, what is that?" Annabeth demanded to know. Leo shrugged casually and reached for the doorknob. "Nothing can displace the smell of seven half-bloods than a stink bomb. Is it as bad as your old stepdad, Percy?" Percy waved his hand around. "Ugh, it's not even in the same ballpark! If Gabe smelled like this Mom would've risked our lives and gotten us away from him! And let's face it, that would've been the safer choice!" "You made this stink bomb?" Annabeth wondered. "Are you questioning my genius? I thought I've shown off my ingenuity before," Leo said, opening the door. "It's not your genius she's questioning, but your sanity," Frank groaned. He was a funny sight: a huge guy the size of a football player, his entire focus on trying to not breathe in. "How close did you set it off from us?" Piper wanted to know. Her voice sounded choked, like she was struggling to speak with a congested nose. "Two blocks away. Be glad I didn't set it off any closer." Leo looked scandalized by his friends as they all stared at him angrily, hands over their noses. "What?! You guys wanted to come to the monster-hub of America for a fun time with friends; did you honestly expect us to all come to New York City, us, the faces on Demigods Most Wanted by Monsters posters, and not get hounded the entire time? While I'm down for a good battle, I'd say the past few months have given us a lifetime's worth." He patted his magic tool belt. "All I did was a safety measure." He bowed deeply and looked up with mischievous eyes from behind some curls over his forehead. "I'm now ready to receive all your cries of gratitude." Hazel had been holding her breath for now over a minute; she put her wrist to her nose and plowed past Leo into the skeevy looking doctor's office. Leo found himself almost trampled as his friends decided that their time was better spent breathing not-foul air instead of exploding with "Thanks, Leo!" "You think of everything!" "What would we do without you, Leo?" Once everyone could breathe normally, Jason looked up from his hands on his knees and said, "Leo, don't do that, ever again." Leo threw up his hands. "You're welcome!" Calypso put a tender hand on his shoulder and said, "That was really disgusting." "But also genius," Leo said. Calypso folded her arms and quirked her eyebrows. "But mostly disgusting." "Genius." "Disgusting." "Genius." "Ugh." "You know, if you'd kiss me, I would stop arguing—" It was a relief to everyone that Calypso could take a hint. Annabeth and Percy started to explore the weird doctor's office. "This is where we're going to doa, and I quote, 'super-fun friend thing'?" Percy wondered aloud. Annabeth felt for her bone dagger. One wondered what it appeared as to mortals. Maybe an umbrella. She almost raised it when a tiny young woman the age of a college student popped out of the woodwork. "Ah, yes! Is this the Leo Valdez party?" she clapped her hands together. Calypso heard this and shoved Leo forward. He stumbled in front of the lady, looking a little distracted. "Yes! Leo Valdez? That's me." The woman looked him over and folded her arms. "You're eighteen?" "Yep. Promise. Are we early?" "Nope, right on time, ten minutes early." The woman straightened and smiled. "My name is Fiona and welcome to the Queens Escape Rooms!" Everyone looked each other in the eyes as understanding dawned on them; Leo had arranged for them to all do a mystery escape room. Fiona went on to explain what exactly this was as she passed around a clipboard for everyone to sign ("A safety waiver?" Percy asked Annabeth as she, always the reader despite the dyslexia, read the disclaiming terms and conditions. "Yep. 'Anyone under fifteen must have legal guardian or parent present.'" Annabeth sighed as she signed. "Guess I'm everyone's parent today." Percy gave her a weirded out look. "Fine. 'Legal guardian.'"). A mystery escape room was a locked room full of puzzles to be solved using clues; you had to get out in an hour or less to win; three clues could be given by her at any point, they could be let out in case of an emergency but that didn't count as winning, etc. Fiona could hear them so she'd know when to step in with a promise of a clue if they were really struggling. "Has everyone got it?" Fiona asked, once the passed-around waiver had been signed full of scraggly, almost unreadable signatures. Everyone nodded. "I need a team captain to have the walkie talkie to ask me for clues. Anyone want to volunteer?" Everyone looked at Percy or Jason. They looked at each other, regarding the other, and came to a silent agreement. "Leo," they said, nodding to him. Leo stood with a red face, surprised. He'd never been the team captain of like, anything . "I'll try not to epically fail," he said, as Fiona handed him the walkie talkie. Calypso gave him an encouraging smirk. "Any questions?" Fiona asked, once again facing the group. Frank raised a hand. "Is it a dark room?" Fiona shook her head. "No, we're not that cruel. It's lit up." Leo elbowed Frank. "Afraid of the dark, Zhang?" Frank frowned and ignored him. Piper raised a hand. "Does the room we have have a theme?" "Yes." Fiona clapped her hands together. "I'm glad you asked." She led them down a little hall and stopped at a door marked 'SUPER-VILLIAN LAIR.' "You all have been captured by The Mad Scientist, a super-villain who lives in Super-Metropolis; you all are hostages held for ransom; The Mad Scientist has found out that the Superhero is not coming to save you, because he has to save the Mayor"—("Good to know we're low on the Superhero's Priority list," Leo muttered)— "so The Mad Scientist wants to kill the hostages, but first he's decided, for fun and entertainment, to give you an hour to save yourselves . So, you have one hour to get out of his lair because the self-destruct button is pressed; if you don't win, you are destroyed in an explosion. The Mad Scientist watches on. You'll be able to hear him." "Destroyed in an explosion if we don't make it out in an hour. Are we sure that this isn't a set-up and Fiona's reallya monster?" Percy muttered next to Annabeth's ear. "Only half-bloods can find this place relaxing," Annabeth said warily. Fiona unlocked the entrance door and they all warily walked in. They'd entered a purple and blue room that while not dark, didn't exactly scream rainbows and sunshine and happiness. It was circular, its wall lined with dark and creepy objects; almost directly across from them was a small set of stairs that led up to a locked door, presumably one they'd need to open. In the center was a distracting dark red pool of lava. "One more thing, no phones. No looking up stuff online for clues," Fiona said. "Does she know who she's talking to?" Jason said. A half-blood wouldn't be caught dead with a cellphone—'cause if they'd had a cellphone, they'd be dead. "No, she actually does not," Piper reminded him. Fiona closed the door behind her, speaking through a crack, "Time starts as soon as I lock this door." The door was thus loudly shut, and a computer screen against the back wall went from 1:00:00 to 59:59 instantly. "No cellphones. Oh no, what are we going to do? It's not like we have fire powers, or lightning powers, or charmspeak, or water control, or the ability to sense stuff underground or turn into animals," Leo said sarcastically. "Uh-hem," Annabeth said impatiently. Leo turned to look at Percy giving him a look that said, 'Hurry or you're dead!' "Let's not count out natural intelligence," Leo amended quickly. "Let's all try that natural intelligence idea, instead of relying on our powers. This isn't a life or death situation," Jason advised. "No, it's not. It's a puzzle." Annabeth's eyes burned with a bright grey light full of brilliance and adventure. Without a word, they spread about the room. There was a lot to take in. Annabeth tried opening a gray dresser. Only a couple of drawers would open; she pulled out several blueprints from these. "These are marked 'Taking Over Super-Metropolis' and 'Evil Gun Ray'," Annabeth said aloud. Percy observed four beakers of varying sizes atop a narrow table. They bubbled and gurgled, each holding a different colored liquid. None of them held the same amount. Percy, despite himself, tried to move the water inside them. He succeeded, but to no end. "Percy, are you using your water powers?" Hazel wanted to know. Percy turned around to see her and Frank staring at him from next to a keypad resembling one used to arm a building's security system. "Yes," he said sheepishly. Hazel pointed at the pit of bubbling lava Jason was circling. "That shot into the air," she said. "The lava?" Percy said stupidly. Hazel looked at what her finger was pointing at: "Yes, the lava." "Why are there ropes above the lava?" Jason wondered aloud, pointing to the four loops hanging from the ceiling. "They're evidently the ropes we escaped from. You know, we were hostages," Percy said. "We've been hostages plenty of times. Which time are we talking about?" Leo said from the desk. Before him was a metallic computer desk; five buttons in a haphazard order were to his left, and then a lever sitting in the middle of a plus sign on his right. Leo moved it at random from north to south to east to west, but the door, surprisingly, didn't suddenly magically open. "We need to find out what way I need to move this lever," he said. Calypso stood next to him, staring at the big computer screen on the wall above the desk. In one corner was the countdown clock: the rest of the screen kept replying the same video: it was of an old white guy with glasses, frizzy grey hair, and big black gloves. Definitely The Mad Scientist. "What's he saying?" Leo said. Calypso focused on the man. "He's monologuing," she decided at last. "All villains