Disclaimer : I own nothing, except Blaise, everything else is Tolkiens work. A/N :Another Authors Note at the bottom, but I would like to introduce to you; Your Future Awaits! Please enjoy! Chapter 1 Lost and Found She was lost, and she knew it. She knew she should have listened to her father, but noo she had to stop; she just had to. She couldn't even remember why she stopped, it was so long ago. It shouldn't have taken this long to find him, she had stopped for like two seconds, WHERE WAS HE? "Ugh, Where am I? I can't believe I'm lost! Who has ever heard of a Ranger getting lost? Not me, but then again it is me were talking about. Wait a minute. Why am I talking to myself out loud! Ugh" Blaise kept on walking. She looked at the ground trying to find footsteps of any kind to point to a direction of hopefully civilization. But she had absolutely no luck! She was lost, tired, and peeved off! "I can't believe there are no footprints, nothing, absolutely nothing! Why does this always happen to me?" Blaise now saw footprints and went to check them out. "Oh you have got to be kidding me, I've been walking in circles. What did Naneth always tell me, was it 'if your ever lost just keep still and it will make it easier for other people to find you,' or was it something else, Ugh" Just then she tripped. "Ewww, great now I'm dirty and I smell! I want a bath so bad. No wonder there aren't anyother female Rangers, they were the smart ones." Walking with a limp now Blaise made her way to a tree to sit and lean against while she thought of a plan to find her way back to her father. A couple of minutes later she had a brilliant idea, "Duh, why didn't I think of this before, I swear all of this outdoors stuff is starting to go to my head. Well that and the smoke to Adar's pipe. Why am I talking to myself out loud, again? I am so losing it!" With that comment she made a face filled with horror. Blaise lifted her self up with help from the tree and put her hands to her mouth, hesitated, looked at her hands, grimaced, whipped her hands first on her outer vest then on her pants, then put them back to her mouth hesitantly and let out a loud but natural sounding bird call. It was a distress call so she knew her father would come when he heard it, if he heard it. She fell back to the ground with a sigh after making the bird call two more times. She wanted to close her eyes so badly but knew that was it way to dangerous. Anyone could come along and see her, and they would easily see she was a female, and most wanderers did horrible things to lost females. Getting lost in her thoughts, she jumped and sqeauked when there was a throat cleared in front of her. Looking up she was met with eyes as gray as a storm cloud, but she knew that if you were to look closer you would see speecks of a dark blue as well. Looking sheepish she put a small smile on her face, which quickly diminished after the look on the other ones face. "Where in all of Arda have you been Blaise? I can't keep an eye on you at all times but I expect you to stay close and not wonder off. You are not a child anymore, you must act like you know whats right and whats wrong. Why did you wonder off?" Her father stopped at the look on her face and sighed helplessly. "Please, just tell me why you wondered off?" "Okay, I just stopped. I think I had heard something and stopped to see if I could hear it again. When I turned back around you were gone. Then I tried to find you and got lost, which might I add seems to only happen to me. Anyways so I kept on wondering around looking for your footprints, which I couldn't find. And stop smirking it's not funny, I thought you were mad at me?" "I am not mad at you, okay so I am a little disappointed in you, but I just can't help how much you remind me of your Naneth sometimes. I know, I know, too mushy. Now come we must keep going, and this time please don't stop without letting me know. We don't want your Naneth to be proven right now do we?" "Oh Valor no, I don't want to be locked in my room again, it's horrible, hearing all of the activities that I can't join in, and then theres all of the stupid groups she makes me attend to when I'm in trouble. I swear one of these days I'm going to get you in there so you can hear what you make me go through Adar, it's so much torture! Stop laughing! Let us just leave so we can get to the Inn and I can get some good-night sleep." "All right, but you know I don't really see your Naneth okaying the idea of me going to one of the sewing groups. I think I would distract her too much." Her father told her while starting back on the trail he had walked to find his daughter. "Oh puh-lease, you put way too much credit on yourself" Blaise muttered almost silently. "I heard that iell!" Her father called over his shoulder as he moved a branch out of his walkway, which he purposely let go of right before his daughter walked by it, letting it smack her on the knee. "Oww, you evil person! I will get you back for doing that. Don't think I won't. And you were meant to hear that comment, its the truth, even Daeadar says so!" "Oh really your Daeadar says that, well that is just so mean of him, how could he?" Her father tried to mock her as he moved another branch out of his way. "Your really mean Adar you know that?" Blaise was getting slightly irritated at her father. "Yes I have a lovely iell to keep on telling me that now don't I!" Her father turned his head so he looked over his shoulder at his daughter and put a smirk on his face. He then turned back around and immediatly became serious. "Come, we must hurry now if we want to make it to the Inn before dark. Please be as silent as possible you now represent the Rangers of the North, don't do something stupid. Okay?" He turned around in time to see his daughter stick her tongue out, which quickly went right back to where it belonged when she seen the look on his face. "Yes Adar!" A couple of minutes of silence later Blaise was on the ground swearing up a storm at the rock she had tripped on. "Blaise stop laying around, we must hurry!" Her father said not even turning around. "I'm trying but it's not my fault the whole of Arda is out to get me now is it?" Blaise got up and slowly starting walking with a bigger limp than before. Trying to keep pace with her father was near impossible when she wasn't limping so she was jogging to keep up after a couple of seconds. Two hours later they were in front of a big gate like entrance to a town called Bree. Blaise herself hadn't been there before but she knew her father had. A man opened a peep hole type thing on the gate and practicly demanded, "What do you want in Bree?" Blaise was shocked, how could he be so demanding? How did he think he was better than them to demand an answer like that. She looked up at her father with a questioning look. Her father seeing the questioning look, gave her a look telling her to keep quiet and he would explain later. Sighing Blaise looked back at the man. Her father took charge of course, of this situation. "We are here to stay in the Prancing Pony for some rest." The old man turned a cold glare on Blaise obviously curious as to who it was and if it had the same answer. Her father stepped in once again saying, "my companion as well would like to stay at the Prancing Pony, now will you let us in or do we have to go back out into the wild?" Her father asked the man with a cold, demanding voice, obviously trying to dominate over the man, which worked when he quickly opened the door for them. Walking through before her father Blaise looked around amazed at how dingy the town looked. She wasn't all suprised but where she lived even the poor people lived better than this. She turned to look at her father when he grabbed her elbow and helped her through the streets towards the Prancing Pony. Before they had made it there though, a man knocked into Blaise and she quickly unsheathed a dagger and was clearly ready for an attack. Strider quickly glared at her and she put it away just as fast as it had come out. She knew what he was thinking, she had done something stupid. Once inside the Inn Blaise and her father walked to the front desk to get a room. The big man who walked up to them, obviously the owner quickly helped them out. "How may I help you gentlemen?" He took a good look at them and quickly recognition reigned in. "Oh Strider, I will get you a room right away sir. Do you two mind sharing a room, we are kind of short on them now days." He looked between the two people in front of him and smiled. Strider quickly agreed to having only one room thanked the man. Turning his back to the counter him and Blaise made their way towards the room they were to be in. "Adar, do I really have to keep this stupid hood up while I'm here?" Blaise asked her father impatiently. "Yes, you must. Anyways we should be able to rest at least a day without having to worry about anything so please let us rest for this night and hopefully let it be peaceful." With that he father took off his cloak and started to remove most of his outer tunics and vests. Finally in just his under shirt and breeches he layed on one of the beds and turned to look at his daughter. "Quel kaima iell nin, amin mela lle" And with that he was out. "Quel kaima Ada, amin mela lle" Blaise slowly took off her outer clothing like her father had and layed down on the other bed when she was only in her under clothing. Blaise woke the next morning to a bright sun and knew right away it was going to be a long day, she didn't know how but she just had the feeling. Sitting up slowly Blaise breathed in deeply smelling her fathers scent, which always seemed to soothe her. She turned in time to see her father walk back into the room with a tray with food on it. "Maer aur iell nin" Strider said while walking towards the only table in the room, which barily held the tray on it. "Maer aur Adar" Blaise still sleepy slowly stood up and walked to one of the two chairs and plunked down on it. "I am so hungry right now Adar I think I could eat a pig," Looking down Blaise mentally kicked herself, right there on her plate was bacon, made from nothing other than a pig. "Adar I don't really think I'm as hungry as I