Percy's P.O.V. We are all having a great time listening to music at Camp Half-Blood. Summer vacation just started a few days ago. The battle with Gaea has been over a year now. The gods have been keeping their promise from the second Titan War about claiming their children. The camp is now magically enhance, but not because of the new demigods. But, because of the new demigods, magical creatures, and the Kryptonians. That's right magical creatures and Kryptonians. You see the gods agreed fo... Well I should start from the beginning. /*Flashback*/ Two days before my sixteenth birthday. We just finished our last battle with Kronos' army, but we knew that it was only the beginning of this war. After settling down and getting our wounds heal before the next battle at sundown. We all saw a big ball of fire coming at us. It looked like there was a human shape inside of it. The big ball of fire crashed down and making a huge earthquake when it did. Making all the demigods, except me, fall down. They all recovered quickly to see a girl just walk out of the crater like she was taking a troll through the park on a nice sunny day. Which would have been nice, but not to day. Aghh. Stupid ADHD. Even I could tell that she was definitely NOT from around here. She looks about seventeen years old and she has long curly black hair. That's up in a high ponytail and ends right above her butt/wolf tail. That's right, she has a wolf tail and wolf ears that her bangs are tuck behind the right one. Her ears are double pierce and her eyes look just like mine. But her sea-green eyes swirl with power probably stronger than my dad, but they held warmth and kindness. Her lips are coral pink and she has a sun-kiss tan. Her clothes are different than anything that I have ever seen before. Except in movies or on television. The shirt is the one shoulder kind and short. So you can see some of her stomach. The right sleeve stops right before her elbow and the left side just goes under her armpit. Her left wrist has what I think is a fold up shield like my watch, but it's backwards (a manacle from Spider Riders) . The color of the shirt is yellow with blue trim, her skirt is the twirly kind and it's black with red trim. Her sword belt is black with blue designs on it. The sword is inside the sheath (I looked it up) , but the hilt is black with blue, yellow, and red designs on it. She wore tall black boots. That didn't make a sound as she walked and they stop a inch before her knees, but everybody is looking at the big fairy wings on her back. Her wings has four different colors. Blue on top, then a small black stripe. The top half of the stripe looked like waves rolling into the blue above. Bottom half is zigzag into the yellow; which is in the middle. Then another small black stripe. Top half is zigzag into the yellow and the bottom half looked like tops of fire. That ran into the fiery red below. "Hi..." she started in a light, but thick accent that I've never heard before. But she was cut off by an gold arrow sailing right at her. I knew it was one of the Apollo kids, but she moved so fast that even I didn't see her move. One moment she is in one stop, then faster than a blink of an eye. She was one step over to her left (my right). "Whoa!" Calm down! I come in peace," she said with her hands, but under her breathe I heard her say 'Damn that sounds stupid'. I had to agree with her. If I was in her place. Come on. I come in peace. Never mind. "Who or what are you?" I said without even thinking. "I'm a Kryptonian from the Planet of New Krypton," she looked up has she said it with a far away look in her eyes, but it was gone in a second and turn more serious. "I'm a Greek demigod." "Yeah right and I'm Optimus Prime," said a boy from the Hermes cabin named Tom Gavin. "And I'm Mary Poppins daughter," said a girl from Athena cabin named Taylor Stone, I think. I felt anger rolling off the Kryptonian girl and everybody flinched back when her eyes changed from calm sea-green to angry fiery red. Her aura was glowing around her. Making her look even more threatening. Tom and Taylor was lifted off the ground by an invisible force. Then stopped right in front of her. "I am one person that you... DO NOT ... want..as an enemy," she said in a too calm, but deadly voice. "Do I make myself clear." They just nodded their heads like obedient little puppies. She made a gesture with her hand and Tom and Taylor fell from where they hovered a few seconds ago. "So," I started to break the tension in the air that is so thick. You can cut it with a sword. "Your planet, you mean like the planet that Superman is from?" She just looked at me for a moment. She calm down, then her eyes went wide and flash brightly, twirly fiery red before going back to her natural sea-green color. They look better on her than the fiery red eye color. As soon as I thought that. She flashed a knowing smile (like the one that my mom wears sometimes), like she just read my mind. Which seeing her power. She probably can. "Yes and no. Superman is from Krypton and unlike my stupid cousin..." she said getting cut off again. "COUSIN!" everybody yelled in unison. "Like I said , before I got rudely interrupted. Now let me finish. Superman is from Krypton or what we call 'Original Krypton'. I'm from 'New Krypton' and yes. Superman or Kal-El is my cousin and why you Earthling have heard of him is because. Kryptonians have been living on Earth for thousands of years, but why; that's a long story. But most of movies and television shows are real, but they're just not from Earth," she explained. "What is your name?" came a soft voice from one of the Demeter girls, but I couldn't tell which one. "My family name is Van-El and my name is Vanapire..." once again she's being interrupted. "What?" said Annabeth. Vannapierra, I think that's what she said her name was, but anyway she gave Annabeth such a death glare. That not even the Lord of the Dead could pull it off. Which is saying a lot. "Van-na-pi-ra," she said slowing. Then her name appear in front of her for everybody to see. Vanapire Van-na-pi-ra "That's how it's spelled and pronounced it." "But, you said your family is Van-El," said Annabeth. "No. I said, my family name is Van-El. On my planet everybody has a name and a family name. A family name just tells people what family you're in. For example if your name happen to be Samuel and you're in the 'el' family. Your family name will be Sam-El," she explained to us. "So, it's like a last name? You just did get of your name and add to your family name," said a confused Athena girl named Helen. "No. My last is Stavens." before anybody screamed again her last name appeared just like her first name did. Stavens Steve-vons "A family name is like a title or a more formal way to said your name and you only put the first syllable of your name and if you have a one syllable name. Your family name just goes after it," said the Kryptonian girl. "So why are you here, Vana...Vana..pi..." I said trying to say her name. She just smiled at me. "Vanapire, but you guys can call me Van. Most people do and the answer to your question is. I'm here to help you in your battle against the titan Lord." "I have a question?" I told her. She nodded her head for me to continue. "Earlier you said, that you're a Greek demigod, but how can that be if you're a Kryptonian?" "Excellent question, Percy," she said, but I don't remember telling her my name. I just shrugged it off. "It's a story and please don't interrupt me. I'll explain things along the way. A hundred fifteen years ago. The big three came to New Krypton, but not by choice. The Fates cooked all this up. A woman fortune teller said to them the only way they leave this planet. Was that they all have to give their full blessed to a Kryptonian. Of course they didn't want to do that. They tried to portal or what you guys call flash their way back to Earth, but they couldn't. So they said they'll just be gods on this planet,..." "You mean your home planet or Earth, c..." said a boy from the Hermes cabin name Ian, I think. "You dumb, dumb of course she's talking about her planet. Are you that stu..." said a Athena girl name Sophie. "But the," Vanapire continue," fortune teller said that we already have gods," she put her hand to stop a question from Annabeth. "and they are more powerful than them. Plus, they will never let them be gods on New Krypton. So their choices where to stay on New Krypton, but not as gods just regular people or just give their blessings to a Kryptonian and go back to Earth. So they decided to just do the blessing so they could leave and to make a long story short. I was the lucky person, but what they didn't notice was that my twin brother. Who was in my Mother's other arm also got their blessing, too. The Kryptonian gods think it was because they are Earth gods and their powers most like act different on other planets. So when we got them the symbols appeared on our chest," she said and show us the symbols. She pulled down her shirt enough to reveal that there's definitely symbols of the Big Three on her chest. From left to right; the first one is a blue trident (Poseidon), the middle one is a yellow lightning bolt (Zeus), and the last one is a reddish/blackish Helm of Terror (Hades). They look like someone had engraved them on her chest. "So, I have the powers of the Big Three, but I am not really their daughter, but monster think I'm one. Which I kind of am cause my blood changed and mixed with the blessing. So I'm their daughter at the same times I'm not." "But to be a demigod. You have to be part mortal," said Shane from the Hephaestus cabin. "I was getting to that. My birth Father is born on Earth. He is born a mortal and with my blessings. My brother and I are only demigods that don't have a god or goddess as a parent." "Cool!" Travis and Conner said unison. She smiled at them. "Yes, it is , but I attach a lot of monster and other kinds of evil. But it's nothing I can't handle; most of the time," she put her hand up again to stop an interruption. "Just as long as I have my family by my side. Most monsters on Earth here; as soon as they smell a Kryptonian. They stay far away from my kind." "Why?" said a girl from the Apollo cabin name Casey... something. "Because my people are very powerful and monsters know better to stay far away, but some are stupid and try and failed. But for right now I'm hiding my scent from them. So they will be surprise," again she raised her hand to stop someone