Harry Potter and the Hogwarts Class Reunion A Story by J.K. Howling Harry Potter saw his owl, Frank, approaching him over the oil field down yonder. Frank was Harry's first and only owl he had ever had and he sucked. His favorite professor at Hogwarts Academy for Magic People, Professor Cornelius Fudge, had trained Frank to always fly in close to his master, but then fly away without ever giving Harry his damn mail. Professor Fudge and Harry would laugh and laugh as the Boy Who Lived would try to shoot the killing curse at his damn owl without ever really trying to kill the thing. But Harry was very mad this time around because he was out hunting for centaurs with his wife, Ginny, and their seven kids and he couldn't get any wireless reception for his Polaroid quad-core tablet. Fat chance he'd get to play his Clash of Clans app! So, as Frank flew in with Harry's mail and as he got close, the Boy Who Lived blasted his owl's head off with his 12 gauge shotgun. "You dumb animal!" Harry cackled. "All you brought me was a letter. A smart animal would have brought me a mobile router!" Harry really wished he could connect his phone to the internet. When Ginny and their kids, James, Albus, Lily, Goat, Marmaduke, Lil' Harry, and Marge, who ranged from the ages of 29 to 26, returned in the family 2014 Subaru Forester from getting high with Madam Pomfrey behind Sabaro's Pizza , they were all really high and had cravings for food because they were high. "Dinner is served, you little shits," laughed Harry as he served them the remains of Harry's fan favorite pet owl from the original Harry Potter books, Frank. "This is good meat," sang all seven of the kids in unison. "Much better than all that centaur meat!" "That's because I used my magic to make all the centaur meat rotten! Prank!" replied Harry. They all laughed for five minutes. Once the laughter stopped simultaneously, Marmaduke Potter picked up the bloody letter Frank had been delivering. "Hey Papa Harry, what's this?" asked Marmaduke. Harry drew his wand and started shooting some magic at his daughter. "Trying to steal my mail, huh? That's a felony, mudblood!" he screamed, chasing her through the woods until dawn. However, once his magic incinerated his child, the Boy Who Lived realized that he had accidentally destroyed his letter too. If only the law had stepped in and done its job maybe Harry's mail wouldn't have been destroyed! When Harry returned to his camp, he crawled into his tent where Ginny, Harry's wife, was laying without any clothes on! "I want to have nasty, nasty sex with you, Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived." Harry couldn't say no to that! Harry railed his wife and they both thought it was really nice and attractive. Harry thought Ginny's skin was as smooth as a hairless dog's skin and Ginny thought Harry's skin was very nice. They both screamed from all the love they were making in the tent and all the Potter children were clapping in their separate tent because they knew they were going to have another sibling soon. Very exciting! Harry and his wife, Ginny, were still going at it until noon when they heard a knock on their tent door. "I'm sorry to interrupt the awesome stuff going on in there, but I have to talk to Harry!" said a familiar voice. Once Harry had put his overalls back on, he ran out of his tent to discover his old classmate and best friend, Gilderoy Lockhart, with his ear on a cup against the tent. "Gil, what the hell are you doing listening to me and my wife banging?" asked the Boy Who Lived. "Never mind. You are a good guy and you're still a virgin. So, you probably are just curious! Why are you here?" "Harry Potter, I flew here on my magic broom because you didn't respond to the letter I sent you, which was really urgent," panted Gil Lockhart. "Then I tried to text you, but I don't think Verizon , Sprint , or whatever cellular provider you have reaches out this far." Harry sighed. "You are right. I'm fucking sorry. I thought I would be able to play Words with Friends with you, Gil, but I couldn't! What was in the letter, my old friend?" "Well, I was riding my bike to Walgreens yesterday to pick up my prescription medication to treat my ulcer and believe it or not, I saw our old Hogwarts archenemy get hit by a Chrysler PT Cruiser ! Ron Weasley is dead, mate!" "Bloody 'ell," screamed Harry into Gil's face. "I thought I would get the son of a bitch myself, but I guess God had something else in mind." They both chuckled for three minutes. "You have to come to the funeral, 'Arry," whispered Gil. "I hear everyone is going to be there to see that son of a bitch get dumped in the ground." "Well, when is it, mate?" asked Harry Potter. "It's next week," muttered Gil. Harry could tell his old friend was holding something back and after an hour of waiting to get all the information, Harry took his wand out and used magic to singe a lightning bolt scar onto Gil's forehead. "Ow!" bellowed Gil. "It's during the class reunion! The class reunion that you have been planning for this entire past year because that's what the class president, you, is supposed to do!" "That son of a bitch is trying to ruin me one last time, huh?" thought Harry to himself. "Well, I guess there's only one thing I can do now." "What's that?" asked Gil, who had blood pouring down his face from the fresh scar Harry had given him. "We're going to have to have the class reunion at Ron's funeral," answered Harry. The Boy Who Lived rose from his tanning bed when the doorbell rang. He had decided to catch a tan while he waited for his old Hogwarts friends from out of town to get to his house already. It was 3 a.m. in the day and Harry was very drunk because he was stressed out about Ron's funeral. He stumbled into the living room of the house of his childhood that he had bought back from his father and mother, Vernon and Petunia Potter, after they moved to Tallahassee, Florida. Harry thought about all the sick memories he had in the house, like playing doctor with his step brother, Dudley, and shooting lizards in the backyard. Harry was very happy that Dudley had passed away so that he could take the house to raise his kids in without any legal battles for something he felt he deserved to own and didn't need government getting involved in. "I'm so very happy that my step brother is dead! It's my house now!" shouted Harry out his living room window. The doorbell rang again and Harry realized that he was too damn drunk to see his buddies. So, he stumbled back up to the bathroom and forced himself to vomit out all the moonshine he had drank so he could be sober again. After a minute, he felt much sober and he slid down the railing to the front door. He opened it and said hi to his three old friends that he hadn't seen in maybe exactly two years. The first to come in was the morbidly obese Rubeus Hagrid, Harry's classmate who lived in Tallahassee, Florida and picked up a lot of sweet chicks with his little brother, Grawp, at local bars. The next to enter was Crabb Goyle, the smartest kid to ever grace the halls of Hogwarts Academy and the first friend Harry met on the Hogwarts Trolley. The last to enter was the school hottie, Myrtle "Moaning" Hufflepuff, who Harry had been fooling around with up until he backed out and settled for Ginny, his wife, way back when. "Hello, Harry," the three said together after counting down from three. "It is very nice of you to let us stay in your house for tomorrow's class reunion and/or Ron's funeral." Harry and his friends all laughed together knowing that they were going to have a lot of fun now they were all back together and having a blast. "Just like old times at school," said Harry as he walked up the stairs to go to bed. "I'm very tired. You three can sleep in the living room together, but just don't touch any of the light switches. A thief broke into my house and stripped all my wires of the copper and it's no longer safe. I've contacted the authorities but no one does anything anymore! Please use your magic." The three old chums nodded and moved their wands in some gestures to instantly charge their Android phones. Harry put on his sleep apnea mask and fell into a deep sleep. In the morning, when Harry's eyes opened, he was awake and he walked down the stairs to his three compadres who were all ready for the class reunion/funeral for Ron. "We are all ready for the reunion," said Crabb Goyle in his usual condescending voice. "I can't wait to see that old son of a bitch, Ron Weasley, because he deserves to die after pantsing me and giving you swirlies, Harry." Harry couldn't agree more with what Crabb Goyle was saying. "You're right, but these things tend to be at a more social time of the day, say the evening. Right now it is 8:18am. So, I say we have a day of fun outside in the city of London. Anyone up for some Denny's ?" His three friends looked at him like he didn't even have to ask! So, they moved their wands and were teleported to the Denny's near Harry's house. They all had a grand slam and really liked it like they always did back when they would go to the Denny's in Hogsmeade, the town next door to Hogwarts Academy. The food was great and the atmosphere comfortable, read Hagrid's review on Yelp . When their tummies were stuffed with grand slams, they went into the parking lot. Harry waved his wand and teleported a car in the parking lot after they were done eating which they did donuts in just like they used too. A bunch of old friends! When they finished, Harry felt really good and he laughed with his friends. They had been doing it for so long that it was like that had been doing it for some time. "Where has all the time gone?" he asked himself. The clock in the magic car read 5pm! They were going to be late. "We're going to be late now, you bumbling idiots!" said Harry. "What the hell are we going to do?" Crabb Goyle and Hagrid were stumped, but "Moaning" Myrtle had an idea. "Why don't we ditch the car and use magic to teleport to the event. It's next door to at Kmart right?" Harry nodded and they all moved their wands around to create the spell that transported them to the place. "I love magic," yelled Harry triumphantly. There was about like 50 people outside of the place when Harry and his three old best friends from Hogwarts teleported to the place. "Wow," said Harry as he flew around on his broomstick in excitement. "This is going to be a lot of fun!" The line of people up to the door cheered on the Living Boy because he used to be so great at flying. As he flew around, "Moaning" Myrtle couldn't help but fall in love with her old bo again. "I think I'm falling back in love with Harry, which may not be a good thing because of him being married to his wife Ginny! I mean, she's in the hospital giving birth to their new