Disclaimer: All characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. If Edward was mine, he wouldn't be such a prude, haha! Note: This Fanfic is based on the original movie "Knight N' Day," casting Cameron Diaz and Tom Cruise. If you haven't seen the movie, you should really check it out! Rated T+ for language, violence and drinking. No Lemons. EPOV: Everything was all set. I had a new passport and identity, thanks to my buddy Emmett. All I needed now, was to book a ticket and get out of this damn country. Being on the run really had its perks, you had to be ready to run, you had to know that no matter where you go, what you wear, who you call yourself , they were watching, observing, just like they were searching for me. The feds to be more specific. They wanted what wasn't theirs. Well, it wasn't mine either. You see, my friend Jasper was a pretty smart kid, well smart was an understatement, he was a freaking genius! They needed something that I had, something that held great power. They believed something so powerful couldn't be in the hands of just anyone, they wanted it for themselves. Selfish, huh. And unfortunately for me, they would stop at nothing to get what they wanted. Well, neither would I. I could be just as stubborn and relentless as them when I wanted, trust me. I walked into the airport, thankfully it was pretty crowded, cameras zoned in on hundreds of people. I just prayed the stupid sunglasses I purchased at the nearest convenience store would do the trick. It wouldn't cover much, but you'd be surprised how different glasses could make a person look. And I'd be lying if I said I didn't look good. My eyes scanned my surroundings, people pushing and pulling strollers, luggage and what-not. Most people passed me on as a normal somebody, while others observed too closely, but I made sure to shoot them a glare each time, though. I quickly found the board with all the times of the next flight that would be leaving. My eyes did a quick scan and quickly sought out Boston, one was highlighted in bold letters, the word 'DELAYED', the other flight thankfully showing ON TIME. I checked the time, the time for the flight leaving at 11:50. I could work with that. I checked my watch and realized I still had about ten minutes to spare, finding a shop that sold something that wasn't junk food and walking casually into it. I looked around, finding no one suspicious before walking up to the lady at the front desk. "Good morning, what can I get you?" The lady's smile was quite polite but I didn't smile back, keeping my sunglasses on and turning to see what they had. "Uh, I'd like a burrito please," I said, my voice velvety smooth as I gave the lady my trademark crooked smile, hoping she'd scurry off and make it a quick one. She nodded, looking dazzled, boosting my ego as she turned around to place my order. Four minutes later, she returned, my burrito in hand. I smirked, thanking her as I slid my cash across the counter, placing an extra two dollars for getting the job done quickly. She smiled, handed me my burrito, and I took it, flipped it in my hand and nodded a silent thanks. I made quick work of peeling the foil off of the burrito, and found a place to sit easily, walking through the huge glass doors, black duffel bag in hand as I walked to the railing, and overlooked the people below me. I observed everyone. Every normal person in the airport, and chuckled quietly at an old lady, probably my mom's age, hair blond as she dragged her black stroller bag on the floor, looking confused as ever. My smile fell as I thought about my mom, Esme. I remembered everything about her. I wondered if they forgot me, but shook my head and directed my attention elsewhere. As I scanned the place some more, I spotted a blond woman in her twenties, hot and what-not, hair blonder than her skin as she stepped onto the escalator. I shrugged. Blonds weren't really my type. I still had a few minutes to kill, finding an entertainment arcade, everything looked boring so I picked the game that had a red gun attached to it. I threw in my coins before the game started, shooting about two times before my opponent shot me. A stupid song played on the machine as bold red letters appeared, the words 'YOU ARE DEAD' displayed brightly. How ironic since I was supposed to be dead. Or, that's what my parents believed. I shrugged, next game it is then. When that got boring, I decided to check out the glass of war figures by the entrance of the airport, my eyes landing on a small Knight that held a sword in hand, silver armor covering his entire body besides the three plastic feathers, blue and yellow, that was on his helmet. The tiny guy was perfect for what I had in mind. I needed something to hide the thing the feds were looking for, and this was perfect. That's when I saw her. A young, brunette stepping into the airport. My eyes zoned in on her, blue shirt, casual jeans. I liked her already. I frowned as she pulled her stroller bag on the floor, exertion clearly on her face as she attempted to drag it on the floor of the airport. I watched her every move, noticing her struggle to pull her bag. I grabbed the tin man, quickly paying for it before I joined the rest of the people on the escalator. My eyes never left her. BPOV: I sighed as I stepped into the airport, praying to God that I didn't trip and break a limb as I hauled my heavy suitcase on the floor, watching out for the caution sign. I heaved a sigh at the long line, searching my pocket for my passport. "Excuse me," the guy next to me cleared his throat and I blushed as I stepped towards the front desk, apologizing to the guy quickly who grunted a thanks and walked to the other counter. I quickly found the front desk, placing my heavy suitcase next to me before smiling politely at the guy standing behind the counter, typing furiously on a computer. "So, I'm gonna make it onto the earlier flight, right?" I checked, just to make sure. He nodded, handing me my change, passport and ticket. "You gonna check that?" the guy asked, motioning with his eyes towards my big ass bag. "Uh, no, I'm gonna carry it," I stated. "It's got valuables in it," I said without further explanation when he arched a curious eyebrow. He nodded and handed me the rest of my change. I thanked him, quickly grabbing my suitcase before rushing onto the escalator. I stepped off when I got to the top, picking my bag up and off of the step, before placing it onto the floor, the things in the bag shaking like glass, capturing a few people's attention. I rolled my eyes. Jee, it wasn't as if it was a machine gun or anything! I turned around to pull the bag, struggling to drag it further before turning around and of course, since I'm a total klutz and prone for clumsiness, I collided into someone. "Oh!" I gasped, blushing and flustered as I apologized. "Uh, excuse me!" I bent to pick up my passport and cash that fell out of my hand, the guy following me, apologizing and asking if I was alright. "Whoops!" he gasped when he lifted the suitcase, his voice tinged with weariness, helping me with things as he pushed the suitcase off of the floor into a standing position, still crouched over on the floor like I was. "That bag is big and heavy.." I started to say but he cut me off, shaking his head with an adorable crooked smile that didn't help my temporarily blush. "I was looking at my phone," he waved it off, pointing to a black Blackberry in his hand, "I hate when people do that!" I nodded, clearing my throat as I stood up and gathered my things. He followed suit, standing up and placing his hands in his pockets. Well, this was awkward. I smiled shyly, running a hand through my hair. He returned the smile, moving to go before frowning, his eyes on my forehead. "You have uh.." he pointed to his forehead. "Little.." then pointed to mine. "A little smudge," he finished, before turning to go. I nodded, internally hitting myself as I turned to walk as well, spotting a see-through billboard with two faceless police officers. The faceless space was see-through enough to be a mirror and I gasped at the black grease smudge on my forehead, cursing silently to myself for not washing my hands before leaving my house as I wiped the tiny, black smudge off. I ignored my embarrassment and quickly gathered myself and things before walking over to the security who had to check my bags. The lady sitting at the desk that was examining what was inside of my bag stared at the screen, my bag sliding into the machine and appearing onto the small screen. The security guy stared suspiciously at me as he eyed my heavy suitcase, grunting as he placed it onto the counter. He unzipped it slowly, eying me the whole time. I shrugged, urging him to go on. He gasped but then frowned at what he found. I smirked. "What are these?" the security guy asked, puzzled as he pulled out a car part out of the heavy suitcase. "Those are two barreled carburetors for a Pontiac Tri-Polar," I said simply. He stared dumbfounded at me and I stifled a smirk. Okay, so I was bragging a little and yeah, so I knew about cars. I mean, being the daughter of a mechanic had its perks, what did you expect? The security guy shook his head a little at me, continuing his search while I turned my attention elsewhere, bored. My eyes fell on the absent-minded looking bronze head guy, the guy from earlier. He was going through his black duffel bag, holding up, what looked like a jacket, in his two hands before he threw the beige jacket on. I held back the drool when I noticed his bulging arm muscles, clearing my throat before turning my attention back over to the security guy who looked quite confused. I sighed when he held up not one but two of the metal car part's from my suitcase. The metal was shaped like two pipes as he held them both in his hands, poking his eyes through both in a sarcastic manner. "Uh.. Those are exhaust tips for a seventy four Z28." The security guy rolled his eyes, placing the metal roughly against the other parts in the suitcase. I held back a glare. "I restore old cars, so.." I trailed off, hoping that'll explain why I was traveling with a suitcase full of spare car parts. The security guy just nodded, unzipping my other bag. He held up my hair-dryer, causing me to roll my eyes. "Hair-dryer," I said sarcastically, shrugging my shoulders as I crossed my arms, and chuckling a little at the security guy's tired expression. Poor guy. I couldn't help but turn around to see if Mr Bronze-Head guy was still there. I didn't know if I should be relieved or disappointed when I realized he wasn't standing on the other side of the room, behind me anymore. Disappointment won, but I ignored it as I grabbed my things and rushed through the people, praying to God that I didn't miss my flight. It was the only one available for this time since I had so