Finding Hope MINI SUMMARY: Christian Tucker is a child of Apollo and her demigod mother at the age of 17. She's been fighting her whole life to protect her siblings from monsters. When her mother dies she's left alone with her 3 siblings to make it to Camp Half-Blood. What they're all hoping to find there is peace, safety and family. Upon arrival to CHB she gets more than what she bargained for and life gets more hectic as she falls for a certain Golden Boy and has a quest to complete for her father. Rated T-M slow burn FULL SUMMARY: Christian Tucker is a child of Apollo and her demigod mother at the age of 17. She's been fighting her whole life to protect her siblings from monsters. When her and her family finally settle down her mother is killed and she's left alone with her 3 siblings to make it to Camp Half-Blood. What they're all hoping to find there is peace, safety and family and the option to stop running. Upon arrival to CHB she gets more than what she bargained for and life gets more hectic as she falls for a certain Golden Boy and enters a weird love square and has a quest to complete for her father. Rated T-M SHIPS I'm Jason Grace/OC, Jercy (later) Jasper, Frazel, Annabeth/Reyna, Leo/Calypso and DiSolace AKA Will/Nico. Brief mentions of Percabeth. CHARACTERS AS MENTIONED: The Tucker's: Mary Tucker - Mother - child of Aphrodite- Deceased. Christian Tucker - 17 - daughter of Apollo and Mary. Blaise Tucker - 15 - son of Ares and Mary. Maya Tucker - 12 - daughter of Hephaestus and Mary. Courtney Tucker - 7 - mundane - daughter of Mary. DISCLAIMER: This story belongs to Rick Riordan. I'm just borrowing his characters. CHAPTER ONE: Smelly Motel 8 "Shh. Don't make a sound. I'm gonna leave to find mom. If I don't come back in 3 minutes you three run! Do you understand?" I looked my brother hard in his eyes. "If I don't come back," my voice cracked, "if I don't. You better be strong for our sisters. Be the big brother I know you can be. "Okay but-" I cut him off. "No buts!" He nodded solemnly and hardened up like a man. I glanced over at my two little sisters. Young and so innocent. These were my hearts. All the years I put into making sure we survived reflected in their health and their wellbeing. They were crying with fear and terror etched in their face. "I love you guys," I whispered caressing their little faces. I turned before they could see my own tears fall from my eyes. I ran to the house we had just escaped, making sure to not make a bunch of noise on the broken glass and pieces of the house that had been destroyed. A wave of sadness hit me. We'd finally found a home that was ours and it was taken from us. A home that we didn't have to leave after 3 months of living there. I roamed the dark house. It was only illuminated by the moonlight from outside. The kitchen Id spent mornings in was destroyed. The stove hissing slightly. I made my way further into the house. Crunching glass under my feet as I passed the living room and ascended the stairs. The pictures we had just taken a week before as a family hung crookedly on the walls. Most of them fallen. I picked up the one of all 4 of us surrounding our mom. Our brown faces smiling brightly as we hugged her. I folded the picture up and put in my pocket just then I heard muffled yelling coming from upstairs. I ran up the remainder of the steps almost falling into a pit. I took a step back. A huge gaping hole was in the center of the floor making it impossible for me to cross over. When I peered over the hole I could see into what used to be our dining room. A chandelier hung in the middle of the room, barely tethered to wall. I needed to get into my mothers room one way or another. I mustered up all my courage and took as many steps back to the stairs I could allow. With 3 running steps I leaped onto the chandelier, using my momentum to swing myself into the double doors. I braced myself for impact and landed in a tuck and roll. When I stood I unsheathed my celestial bronze sword taking down two monsters that were in the room. My mother was in a headlock by a lycanthrope. "Let her go or die," I seethe through my teeth. The lycanthrope laughs. His yellow rotting teeth peeking from his mouth. He has no weapons in his hands, only his hands around my mother's throat while she stands afraid and angry. "You silly little girl. You can't stop me with that bronze sword." What he fails to realize is that my bows are tipped with celestial bronze and silver and I'm more than accurate with my bow. I watch as a bead of sweat runs down my mothers face. Her eyes darting back and forth and I realize she's signaling to me. Her eyes dart to the left of me and then back. I swiftly spin on my heel and take another monster out, by the time I make my full turn the lycanthrope is transforming and going into bite me mother. She stands there pained and panicked and suddenly she's talking. "Let me go," she says her hair whipping around as if a ruthless wind had picked up in the room. And shockingly he stops and let's my mom go. He looks confused and i understand his confusion because I felt it too. "Back away and pick up that silver rod." Her eyes are glowing red and prominent against her skull. He picks up a silver rod hanging in my mother's wall and looks at it in horror but doesn't drop it. "Now stab yourself in the heart." And he does so. Erupting into dust and disappearing. My mom's hair slowly relaxes back into its original state and her eyes go back to normal and her body slacks. The confusion in the air dissolves and I look from where the werewolf once stood and the silver rod now lay to where my mom stood panting and sweating. "Mom?" "I'm sorry I never told you Christian," she whispered and I could tell that she was going to fall over so I grabbed her. "Mommy! Mom! What's wrong, are you hurt?" I start peeling back her clothes and see a huge gaping hole in her side that I hadn't noticed at the beginning. It looked as if someone had taken a chunk out of her. "Mom. Please. Tell me it wasn't the lycanthrope," I whisper, tears threatening to spill over. "It's okay Christian. I need you to listen to this," she wheezes and it's all the confirmation I need, "you need to go to Long Island to a place called Camp Half-Blood. I'm sorry I never told you." She starts breaking down. Tears spilling from her eyes. "I wanted for you guys to have a normal life without the Gods or quests or living the life of a Demigod and I failed. I failed you guys and I'm so sorry. The moving that we did was all done so that I could find a way for you guys to elude the Greek life I had to live. My mother made me do stupid things. Go on stupid quests and risk my life and I didn't want you 3 to know that life. "Listen here. You find your siblings and when you leave here; you guys run. Run and make your way to Camp Half-Blood and no matter what you make sure you're youngest sister goes with you," she began coughing blood. "Look in my closet. There's a back pack with ambrosia and nectar and everything you guys might need. Take it and leave. Okay?" I didn't respond. This was too much for me. What did she mean? She wanted us to leave her and go to New York? I'd never been anywhere with out my mom. She's always been there for us. Anytime we had to run, she ran with us. What we were running from? Sometimes I never really knew, but I sure did know how to fight it. "Christian! Do you hear me?! You leave now, take this bag and you four leave. Don't split up. You guys are a family remember that. Okay?" She's crying hard. Face etched in pain but her eyes are strong, looking into mine for confirmation that I'll be the warrior that I need to be. There's a bit of worry there but love is evident in the way shes searching my face. "Yes mom," I whisper. I kiss her and run to the closet and grab the bag. It's small and fits on my back perfectly. When I make it out my mom has dragged her self to the side of the bed. She's leaning there eyes half lidded as she smiles at a picture of our little family. "Tell your siblings I love them," she whispers. I see a silver knife in her hand and I sense something a little different about her. She's turning. I keep my tears unshed because I know I had to appear strong for her sake and my siblings. "I love you mom," I whisper. "I love you too. Now go." I walk through the broken open doors without looking back. I can't bring myself to see what my mom might be doing. I brace myself for a fall and jump down the hole in the middle of our upstairs into the dining room. The table collapses under my weight and pressure and I pick myself up and run out of the house the way I came in. When I make it to the bushes my brother and sisters were located, they're still perched in their spots, relief spreading on their faces. "Where's mom," my brother asks. "Mom said she loves you guys and for us to be strong. We're a family and we're gonna make it together. From this day on we move forward and we don't look back. You understand?" They nod solemnly seeming to get the point. "So mom is..." "Yeah," I answer my brother. He looks down and I see tears fall from his eyes. "We will avenge our mom." I nod and with that we all stand and start walking. There were many questions they had for me like; "Where are we going?" asked by my youngest sister Courtney. "To New York. We're going to a place called camp Half-Blood." "What's camp Half-Blood" asked my brother. To which I answered I'm not sure but mom wanted us to go there so that's where we're headed. "Who's gonna be there?" My other sister asked. I pondered this for a while and gave the best answer I could think of; "It's probably a place with people like what mom used to read us to bed. Remember the Greek stories with demigods and gods and satyrs and such. I think it's a place where there are others that are similar to us." After that the questions ceased. I think sleep was getting to everyone and the thought of there being real life satyrs and other demigods were floating around their heads. Our whole life we had known our mom, one another and monsters. We'd never encountered a kind creature. We had walked till about the break of dawn. Dodging cars on the highway and and feral animals. We found a motel 8. "Blaise stay here watch the girls I'm gonna get us a room," i said. My brother unsheathed his sword and my sisters stood alert. "We don't have any money Christian, how are you gonna