Here is another of those stories which I've been writing in a somewhat ad hoc way which i have just completed. This is bit angst, especially by my standard but either way, I hope you enjoy it. Disclaimer: I own nothing XXXXXXXXX He watched from where he lay as people trudged across what he knew to be the battle field. He was somewhat beyond it but not so far that elfin eyes could not see it. Silently, as he watched, he prayed. He prayed that someone would come over here and find him, that they would go beyond the battle field of the mountain and the camp. He could only last so long here, barely able to move. After maybe a day of lying there after having woken from the battle, he had managed to crawl somewhat and got to the stream he had heard as he lay there. Amazingly, the water didn't seem too foul and he was able to drink, regain a tiny bit of his strength. Over the next few days, he continued to attempt to crawl and picked up a small amount of things with which to strengthen himself, not realising that as he had pulled himself further along he had got further from the field of battle and out of the sight of even the elves, obscured by the rocks around him. Eventually he had enough strength to walk, which took the pressure off his gravely wounded shoulder that had barely coped with the crawling and even then only because he was desperate and numbed through the general pain he felt. It wasn't just physical pain, though that was agony, it was the pain of betrayal. He had seen from his position that not all he knew and who cared about him were dead, he could recognise his herald a mile away, and none seemed to have come searching for him. They did not even seem to have come looking for a body to bury. With friends like that who needed enemies he thought? XXX Many days later He had escaped somewhat. He was not sure how he did it, though he guessed incredible luck had played its part. He was no longer in the black lands, he was in what the Gondorians called Ithilien. At least food was somewhat plentiful to forage here. Once he had foraged and eaten enough to regain his strength a bit more he made traps and suchlike to get meat and was able to eat enough to regain enough health to continue his trek at a somewhat better speed. He wasn't really sure where he was going, other that not towards the elfin realms, he just wondered along, foraging and trapping for food along the way. He paid not attention to time as he wondered onwards to pastures new, ignoring the insistent pain in his shoulder and the weight of armour he had no hope of removing without a blacksmith, horrifically melted as some of it was. In his had, for not a lot of reason he could fathom, other than idiotic sentimentalism, he held the blade that was all that remained of his beloved weapon that he had cherished for many centuries. Eventually he came to a settlement, as was probably inevitable. It was a remote one, a small fortress in a remote part of Gondor he thought (though he wasn't certain about that, he honestly had no idea where he was). It had a blacksmith, of all the gifts of the Valar, and very sympathetic people. They saw what he was, though thankfully not who he was (not that such isolated people could be expected to), as they saw it a returning lost soldier who needed a new home, albeit an elfin one. He was given a place there. Well, in return for tutoring the few young men who lived there in the art of war and organising their defence. The impressive armour (or well, its remains) and the blade of his weapon (reshafted with good wood) gave him away as a distinguished warrior who, even with little use of one arm due to extensive burn damage, could greatly boost their defences in such an isolated area. It was win win. He got a new home, they got a lot better defences. XXX He stayed there a very long time. They excepted that he would not age or die, at least not easily, and so there was no reason for him to leave. It was not as if he built bonds with those in the community. Yes, he lived there and he knew the people there, including his troops but he did not get close to anyone (despite, in the early years, there being a few young women who tried to catch his attention and finally gave up in the face of indifference). From his isolated spot of Gondor he watched the world go by, anger at his kin simmering under the surface. XXX The lord looked at this visiting man, a captain from the capital named Thorongil. He was youthful in appearance but very clearly descended of the Numenorean line with his dark hair and grey eyes, as well as impressive height. "What is your purpose here, Captain?" The grey eyes continued to observe him unnervingly even as the man prepared to answer. "It has been noted that the troops of your own people are unusually good warriors and very well trained. I have been tasked with creating an elite group of warriors and sought to at least observe your men and possibly talk to your weapons master to see about his training methods which seem to bare fruit so universally." The lord watched the young warrior carefully, wanting to be sure that he didn't intend to take any of his warriors away from him. The small settlement barely provided enough men to protect itself, let alone contribute to Gondor. Those almost all knowing grey eyes seemed to pick up on his reluctance. "I am aware you cannot afford to lose men, which is why I seek to observe how they are trained so that hopefully I can utilise such techniques with the training of my own men." The Lord nodded reluctantly and nodded that Thorongil should follow him. The tall man did so silently, observing everything as they went. It was but a short walk to the training ground where the trainee youths that would defend to village in the future were being drilled. The lord pointed to the tall being drilling them in basic weapons patterns. "There is Morvron, he has been our training officer for some years." The lord pointed. He noted that, as he stated his training officer's name there was a slight start from his guest and an intentness about his face when he observed the indicated person that was more than watching his technique. The officer was tall, more than 6' 6, closer to 7' in fact. He wore his dark brown hair at shoulder length as most men of Gondor did, though his was unusually straight and seemed endlessly clean, bar mud and blood which even his unnatural ability to remain clean could not fight off. Though it was not visible from this distance he also bore hard, dark blue eyes which the Lord had only seem emotions in on the very odd occasions and skin the neither seemed to tan or burn. Of course, unlike his guest, he knew precisely why this last one was the case and the reason behind his unusual height too. If the man spotted it then he would not deny it but he wasn't bringing it up. They got closer to the drill area, Thorongil observing intently as they went. Suddenly a gust of wind brushed back his hair and Thorongil gasped with it. "He is of elf kind!" The lord smiled wryly at him. "Yes, and he has been here since the start of the age." He didn't need any prompting to add what little he knew. "He came straight from the battle on Mount Orodruin, still grievously injured and wearing armour that was deformed enough to need the then smith to remove it. See how he barely uses one arm? It has been maimed since, it is why, although he commands our forces he only fights in the direst need. He can barely carry a shield and I think it causes him agony to do so. In return for his skill as a warrior and an agreement to teach our warriors he was given home space and a salary." "Do you know why he does not return to his own kind?" Thorongil asked, eyes attentively watching the elf. "I suspect he feels as if he has nothing to return to Captain. If he has no family as I suspect, or lost his family to Sauron (something I also feel likely) than he most likely would not like to go back to the places which remind him of his grief. I have long felt there is some heartbreak in his past. He never bonds with any of my people and there is no record of him every done so – in fact it is almost as if he actively withdraws from doing so." Thorongil nodded pensively, still observing the elf with a nearly disturbing level of concentration. It was some minutes before he spoke again. "That spear, I take he brought the blade with him?" The lord nodded, and frowned in confusion as to the interest value of the spear beyond it obviously being elfin. "There is something familiar about it, beyond it being elfin. I feel as if I should recognise it specifically but cannot quite recall precisely why." The lord shrugged. "No-one knows anything of his history before he came here, at least if any of my ancestors found out anything of note then they did not pass it on. We have guessed from the few times he has been induced to recite the history of the elves that he was no young elf in the Last Alliance and suspect him high born, both from his stories and the items of war which he brought with him and still uses. It is entirely possible the blade is legendary among elf kind but I cannot help you if it is." Thorongil nodded absently still observing. XXX Morvron had rather successfully avoided the human with the elfin name. Granted many Gondorian Lords particularly had elfin influenced names but Morvron did not wish to be noticed and the comment from his lord that not only had the man noticed his blade was elfin (and the he was himself) but had almost recognised it made him wary. He was not sure the Gondorian records were good enough to have resulted as such (not that warriors as a group were great scholars) but he was certain that elfin ones would make it so that anyone who cared to check the lightest of historical works could recognise his blade. Damn it. He hoped that this Thorongil had no elfin connection which caused the recognition and instead that it was to sight of a rare gondorian work that he would not likely come across again that was at fault. If the man followed it up and correctly identified the thing then he most likely was in deep trouble. XXX "Estel?" Aragorn smiled as his foster father entered his room. It was one of his few return visits to Imladris, now some years after his sojourn as Thorongil, and he had been looking forward to some time with his family. Elrond had perched at his desk as they talked and was absently sorting through the papers on it, making the human smile. Elrond always found his rather sloppy paperwork habits irritating though had long given up trying to change them and had settled for organising his papers whenever they work talking together in Aragorn's quarters. Not that there were a lot of papers now he'd long finished his