Disclaimer. I do not own anything but the characters and the events which are obviously not Tolkien's. XXXXXXX Throughout this distant woodland rang the sound of a clear feminine voice. It combined with the sound of the birdsong and the rustling of the leaves to make a beautiful concert for the ears of no one. Or so it would first appear. There was one person listening though. An ellon, who had long been lonely, had come to these woods, far away from most elfin settlements, for peace and quiet. He had wanted to get away from all the sickeningly happy couples over his side of Valinor. Alright, he felt good that all the recently returned group of Elves were happy and particularly that the water-god who had watched over Arda when all the other Vala had forsaken it had now found a bride and happiness, but all the same, he was alone and he was lonely. Quietly, he crept through the woodland, not wanting to disturb the singer lest she stop. He wanted to find out who she was, the lady with the ethereal voice that touched his soul and lightened the pains of loneliness that he felt. Who was this siren? It did not take long for him to come across a clearing with a little brook in it that bubbled gently adding another layer to the natural accompaniment of her song. She was not singing any words, just a tune which the ellon had never heard before. As she sang, she danced round the clearing, hair and dress flowing round her. It did not take a genius to tell she was a Vanyarian Elf, with that shade of gold-blonde hair. She was tall and slender with pale skin, though when she was moving, he could not see what colour her eyes were. The gown she was wearing was a rich wine colour and made of some light fabric which allowed the skirt to float up round her as she danced. The ellon stood stock still at the edge of the clearing, captivated by the elleth in front of him. Suddenly, she stumbled and without conscious thought, the ellon moved forward and caught her. Once sure she was okay, he looked around to see if he could find the cause of her fall. He saw it almost immediately. She had strayed too close to the trees and the flowing skirt that had spun around her had caught on a low branch. He helped her unhook the fabric, hoping that it had not been damaged. It hadn't. Once they were sure about the wellbeing of the dress, they finally actually looked at each other. She looked up at his face shyly, blushing slightly. It was at that point he noticed he was still holding her to him. She either hadn't noticed or didn't mind so he decided to keep on holding her until she tried to free herself. Neither spoke, apparently at a loss for words. As the ellon was trying to think up something sensible to say, she finally spoke, "Thank you, sir..." she trailed off, clearly not sure what to say next, and looked down at the ground. He raised a hand to her cheek and cupped it gently, raising her face to look at his again. "You are more than welcome..." he left the sentence hanging, with a slight questioning tone. She got the hint. "Lirinandië," she uttered softly. XXX He bounced home that day. Lirinandië – song in the woodland. What an appropriate name for her. They had talked for a little while, the conversation slightly awkward. Then she had claimed she had to get home else her family would worry, but before she left, she gave him a kiss on the cheek. He could still feel the light touch of her lips of his cheek and couldn't help touching his hand to his cheek every so often. As he got closer to his own home he became aware he was acting like a love-struck fool. He had only just met the girl for crying out loud! How did he know she might like him like that? He had simply stopped her from falling over and she had only kissed his cheek, it was hardly great romance. He might never see her again. He was still lost in his own thoughts when he came in to the house and only snapped out of it at his parents teasing him about his apparent preoccupation. He had a suspicion he wouldn't live it down for a long time, especially if they found out the cause. XXX Lirinandië rushed home, beating herself up for having been so clumsy. Why oh why did she have to fall and then, just to compound the mistake, she hadn't managed to even make sensible, let alone witty, conversation with that handsome Elf who had caught her. He was probably laughing at her or worse, thought she was a kid! Lúciel was always the graceful one; she could always come up with witty comments when necessary and would never have done something so ungraceful as fall over. She would have stopped elegantly and 'noticed' him there, made some intelligent comment and then ran off, leaving him to chase her or something like that. For goodness sake, the girl had snared Glorfindel! Why couldn't her little sister be able to do something like that? Apparently her parents had given every bit of attractiveness possible to her older sister and she got what was left over. XXX Several months later, there was a celebration for the birth of Ulmö and Valyaceulë's child. Anyone of any real significance in Valinor had been invited to celebrate the first child ever born to one of the Valar. Lirinandië was there, mostly to help look after her sister's child more than any other reason. As it turned out, there was not a lot of need. A sort of crèche had been set up for the copious number of children born in the last few months and all she really had to do was help watch the little monsters. As she finished cleaning off one of the children who had found something sticky to cover themselves in she looked up. Coming towards her was that ellon who had caught her in the woods a few months back! Flushing with embarrassment, she quickly made her excuses and ran off, hoping to avoid the Elf and therefore, further embarrassment. After a few minutes, she could no longer see the Elf and leant back against a convenient tree and closed her eyes in relief. Just as she was getting her breath back, she felt two arms either side of her, pinning her to the tree. Lirinandië opened her eyes to see who it was and her jaw slackened slightly when she saw it was him ! "Surely my presence does not have such negative connotations, wood nymph?" he asked softly. "Wood nymph?" She queried, once again cursing the fact she suddenly seemed unable to make intelligent conversation. "An appropriate affectionate name for you, for that is what you remind me of." She nodded mutely; at least he didn't seem to think of her as a child. He then leant down slowly, eyes asking if she minded what he was going to do next. She shook her head lightly at him and leant in to his lips. He kissed her lightly before pulling back slightly then dived in for a proper kiss. Just as they were getting into it, a name was called. He pulled back from her with a sigh, "Don't you just love family?" He sighed again, then picked up her hand and kissed the fingers gently. "I will come find you, my wood nymph, I will find you and we will finish this properly, but for now..." He leant down and brushed another light kiss across her lips. Lirinandië watched him go in some amazement, so he didn't think her a child then. She suddenly felt the urge to sing and dance, as she hadn't since that day some months before. She decided against it. She had never liked dancing with an audience and now she would save that for him only, he was the only Elf she would dance for. That evening, as she was leaving the celebration slightly disappointed that she had not seen him again and still did not know his name, she heard a soft voice calling her name. She looked around for its source and saw him standing in the shadow of the trees around them, barely visible. He beckoned to her to follow him. She looked at her family, they would not notice if she had gone for a little while. Deciding it was fine, she followed him. He lead her to a moonlit little garden created by the famous Dawnstar and her best friend once in the time intervening between coming to Valinor and leaving to go to collect the latecomers. Lirinandië was a bit nervous going into the garden, but he assured her it was fine, really and when in there she gasped. In the middle of the garden was a small lake with an island in the middle and several delicate little bridges between the island and the mainland. The entire surface of the water was covered with water lilies which practically glowed in the light of the full moon that was out. (AN: think of Monet's paintings called water lilies, that is what it is based on, though if you want photo's of the garden this is based on, I shall put instructions in my profile) He lead her up onto a bridge over the water and simply held her for a short while before leaning in and kissing her gently. They kissed for a while before pulling back. Lirinandië looked up at him, noting his hair shimmering in the moonlight and his eyes glitter. The moonlight bleached the colour out of everything and she felt quite overawed by the Elf that was showing interest in her. She knew now, from his position in the festival earlier, that he was a very high ranking Elf. Judging by his familiarity with Ulmö's bride, he was probably one of the royal Elves who were sent back to Arda to collect the Elves who had not returned. "You are truly beautiful, my little wood nymph, I almost don't want to let you near my family for fear one of the single males left behind will try taking you from me." Lirinandië was slightly surprised at the possessive tone of voice he used. Did he really care so much for her? "You feel so strongly about me? I don't even know you name!" she whispered. He laughed softly. "I'm sorry; it never even occurred to me that you wouldn't know. I am Mánasairon, son of Elrohir and Miriel." Oh yes, a half-Sindar, half-Noldor prince, who happened to be a talented sorcerer, seer and one of the fifteen champions of the Valar. Strangely enough, he didn't seem to have his giant cat with him. Lirinandië looked down at the wooden slats on the bridge, suddenly feeling rather inferior. What right did she have to flirt with such a distinguished Elf? Her sister had managed to rise up well, having married the Balrog-slayer, but she was just a commoner, she should not be going for one of the highest ranking Elves in the land. He raised her chin up and looked into her eyes. "Why does my rank scare you so? I am as much a person as you, my birth means nothing to me and it should not to you either. To you I am simply an Elf who has fallen in love with you and was absolutely taken from the moment he heard you sing and saw you dance." Was he serious? Without thinking she flung her arms around him and kissed him soundly. When she let go, he paused to catch his breath then laughed.