All right, here is a new one shot, as anyone would guess from the summary this is once again in the dawnstar universe. It's a bit long but thats partly because i couldn't think of any good spots to spit it into multiple chapters. It is another story in which one of the remaining single males left at the end of 'She, sorry they, will be back' and is set after 'Song in the woods' as well, which should be pretty clear. Though this can act as a stand alone, due to multiple refernces to events that happened in the two main stories, it is seriously helpful to have read them. If you are wondering, the references made to Elladan getting a girl refer to a story that will be eventually posted in Rumrum's area who is my co-author for both 'Dawnstar and Friend' as well as 'She, sorry they, will be back'. She also posts storied in the dawnstar universe. Anyway, enough of my rambling, Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Ring, or Middle Earth of anything that is recognisably Tolkien. Characters that are clearly invented are mine, not that Tolkien would want that bunch of looneys, though the names mostly come from Tolkien elvish. The only things i actually own though are a huge (an increasing) student lone and a second hand teddy named after high king gil-galad. Your welcome to the former of those and the latter only holds sentimental value so there is no point in suing, i only write for my readers and my own enjoyment. And the story finally starts... 3 Fire Lily Ainicánë watched silently as his brother sat in the window seat with his new young wife talking quietly and occasionally kissing. He smirked slightly when he remembered finding the two of them sitting on a cliff before announcing their relationship to the world. Both had lit-up like tomatoes with his teasing. Ahh, good days. He was still smiling when he walked off to the stables to saddle his horse, thinking about how he was apparently the only one around to be keeping his head. Everyone else seemed on a blind rush to matrimony and children. Even Uncle Elladan, the most confirmed bachelor in the elvish royalty, was looking to be getting a girl. Of course it was not publically announced yet but Ainicánë was not blind, apart from anything else, Elladan no longer wanted to join him with bottles of wine to gripe about the female members of their family trying to get them hitched. At the stables, he opened the gates and let out his large roan stallion before closing the place up again and mounting 'the beast' as certain members of the family called it. 'The beast' was a good horse, if rather temperamental, almost worthy of the Fire Elves and their proud horses that were almost the colour of the grasses they lived on at autumn time. Those horses were not the prettiest horses in the world, but they were very good. He was not sure where he rode to, just that he wanted to ride and escape all the gooeyness in his own home, especially as they had failed to arrange a new house for his brother and sister-in-law yet. Instead of going towards the shore line as he had when he had bumped into Mánasairon and Lirinandië, he went beyond the halls of the Valar and into less inhabited lands, unwittingly close to the place that Mána and Liri had met for the first time. He, however, did not go into the woods which marked the border between the Steppes of Valinor and the land in which resided the Vanya. Though the apparently endless stretch of grassland looked deserted, this was where Aini was sure the Valar had settled the Fire Elves when they had eventually came to Valinor; in fact, Aini suspected that they had created the region purely for that purpose. The conditions which resulted in such Steppes did not usually turn up in a place like Valinor and it was not unlike the Valar to fiddle things deliberately. With a whoop, the elven prince pushed his horse into a gallop. He could understand how the Fire Elves lived as nomads in what was a fairly barren land simply for the riding pleasure. The Steppes were perfect for galloping across. Aini played at the game, enjoying the ride for some time before he noticed something strange, quite far into the grasslands. As he steered his horse towards it he saw what it was, though he was embarrassingly close before he could. It was one of the horses with their pale brown coats that belonged to the Fire Elves. On the other side was a tall red haired elleth fiddling with the creature's hind hoof, which was raised as the horse stood there not too patiently. "Lady? What is wrong with your horse, do you need help?" He asked. She turned to him and her dark brown eyes glared. She apparently did not like the interruption. "Nothing that an over-pampered house-dweller could help with, go back to your overly pretty building and leave me to do what people who know about the animals can." She virtually spat that. She did not apparently care for those who were not Nomads. Aini nonetheless dismounted and went over to her. "I only asked, Lady, and I do know something about horses. Not necessarily as much as your kind, but it I am still not ignorant of them," he said mildly. For all his trouble he got an acid-filled glare. While she was seeing to her horse, he looked her over. She was wearing fairly tight black leather leggings and a fitted black leather jacket without any sleeves as well as two gold bands round the top of each arm. Her hair was slightly lighter than was common with Fire Elves, much closer to a true red than the deep auburn most had and her face had sharp angles, though was still pretty in an unusual way. Aini had this feeling that on the wrong person, the features of her face would not be pretty at all. The sharpness of the face was enhanced by the French plait her hair was pulled back into. "Lady, do those gold bands you wear not mean you are of high rank amongst your people?" he asked curiously. She turned another 'Look' on him. "And what would you know of my people? Yours almost forgot we existed for millennia." He bowed his head in admittance of the truth of that statement. "Staying with your kind for several weeks on the Steppes of Central Asia taught me a little something about your kind and I did try to listen, unlike Uncle Elladan who just drunk too much of you liquor and got a headache for his troubles." Her face softened momentarily before hardening – like she was reminding herself to be unpleasant to this 'house-dweller'. "You're one of the Valar's champions?" There was a certain lack of hostility in her voice this time. "I was named for it, Lady, though I fail to see where valour came into it unless you include getting between Great Uncle Adindel and Gil-galad fighting over Ginny as valour." She actually laughed this time. Then her brow wrinkled for a second before she spoke again. "Ainicánë, am I right?" He smiled at her and nodded, impressed she had heard of him. Then she sighed and pursed her lips. "She's got a fairly serious stone bruise which caused her to stumble and cut herself. She can't be ridden and needs several days rest. My people are too far away for me to take her to them, which means, I guess, we will have to rest here for a while." She sighed again. Aini started a bit before realising she was finally answering his original question. "Would she be able to get a few leagues without too much harm, if you lead her rather than rode?" She frowned, thought about it for a second and then nodded before her lips began to form the word 'why'. Aini spoke before she got the word out. "My family's home is not too far away, and we have a pretty competent groom, that is if I can get my brother to stop kissing his wife long enough, then I can get him to use his magic to heal her. He's good at that I've discovered; better than me at any rate." She pulled a face. "Actually stay in a house? I have to admit it would probably better for her, but..." She trailed off. Aini could see the dilemma, stay in a house, which she clearly despised, or stay in the endless grassland and wait longer for the horse to recover. "Staying in the house has compensations, and I promise my mother will not try and get you into a dress. Unless there is an unforeseen party, which even I can't escape joining the silly-clothes-club for. And anyway, it would only be for a few days and you would be able to borrow one of our horses for the duration as well. Ours are pretty good as horses go." She laughed and gave in, she had been surreptitiously eyeing his beast as they had talked, and Aini guessed she approved. XXX Not too long later, the mismatched pair walled up to the back of the mansion of Miriel and Elrohir and led their horses into the stables where both were quickly settled and a groom immediately went to work on the injured mare. As they had neared the house, the Fire Elf went quiet; Aini had been nice enough not to comment on the awe she showed at his dwelling. Apparently this had not been what she expected. As they moved through from the stables into the main house, Aini saw his mother leaning against the wall further along, looking at him with raised eyebrows, cynical smile and crossed arms. "And who would this be, my dearest son?" she enquired quietly, in a tone of voice that suggested that she was not impressed about something. "This is Alyalóke, a Fire Elf I came across; her horse was injured so I offered to bring it here to be healed as she couldn't get it back to her own people." The cynical expression failed to drop. "'Fair dragon', interesting name that. Do come with me while I show you somewhere more comfortable and then I hope you will not mind while I take my son aside for a few minutes, I need to talk him." The last part was said in an icy-sweet tone. Aini had this impression she was not happy with him. Once Alyalóke was settled in the sitting room, trying not to look around in awe, Aini was pulled to an adjoining room. After a certain amount of earache, none of which Aini paid any attention to, she calmed enough to start asking nosy questions about Alyalóke, which were duly dodged. Aini wondered why she had assumed that, since he had brought a girl home that he was in love with aforementioned girl and that they would soon announce their engagement. "Look, Nana, I only just met her and helped her out, there is nothing there!" he hissed, knowing that would probably get him another telling off and re-entered the sitting room Alyalóke waited in. The red haired elleth was at one of the sides looking curiously, examining things Aini realised that she had probably never seen before. He almost smiled as she put her hand to the glass front of a cabinet and pressed a little and seemed to find the stuff fascinating. To someone who had been used to glass all his life, her fascination was highly amusing. He had the common sense not to laugh though. Miriel carefully ignored the curiosity of the girl and asked if she wanted a drink. "... I don't have any of that