A Few Notes on Medieval Period Life. As an early medieval period Re-enactor from a highly authenticity conscious group, I have noticed a fair few fanfiction writers (particularly in Lord of the Rings as that is the main area of Fanfiction I read) have trouble with various facets of medieval life. I thought therefor that it might be helpful to post as story of notes on the time period to help out any people who would like to get a better idea of how things work, such as fashion, armour, cooking etc. If I leave anything out that people want to know, feel free to leave a question about it in a review and I will answer in a new chapter. If I personally don't know, I will go to the group I am with to get answers and pass them back. Even though our group primarily cover 900 AD to 1217 AD (end of the baron's revolt/death of King John) in England, several group members also do re-enactment up to the early modern era (around Henry VII/VIII) so if people want later period info, I also know that. I am putting things in clearly labelled order so you can skip to sections that interest you. Other note before I get started. In the medieval period, everything on your person marks your status and I will frequently be talking about status markers in this. Basic Fashion Notes Clothing Women's basic kit – linen underdress, generally undyed since its underwear and what's the point of expensive dying if no-one is going to see? Main dress – usually of wool of quality varying for status (the sort of wool used for army blankets for example is very expensive, high status stuff but loose weave, rough stuff obviously isn't). Linen overdresses are more high status, partly because linen is harder to achieve as well as linen doesn't take dye as well as wool. Silk, as you can probably guess is extremely high status A woman who actually has to do work would have a leather belt because leather doesn't stretch and a working woman would have to carry things on her belt. A woman rich enough not to have to carry anything heavy on her belt (that is to say, can afford people to carry the heavy stuff for her) would either wear a fabric sash or a woven braid such as tablet weave. Some high status ladies would have no belt at all – those would be ones wearing those stereotypical medieval dresses with bell sleeves though they would be side laced rather than back laced (that is to say two sets of lacing, on either side under the arms) or a maid would sew a strip of fabric to each side holding the dress in every damn morning – yes that's very high status, but that is the whole point, showing you can afford something that expensive. (Floaty bell sleeve dress can be worn with sashes but don't generally have lacing on them if you do) Poorer women's wear (peasants really, or Saxon/Viking era) would have been a dress that is basically two rectangular panels from shoulder to floor with large triangular darts at the side to allow walking space. The sleeves would be wide at the shoulder and narrow at the wrist. Rich ladies dresses are a lot more varying and complicated in design and are generally more tailored to the wearer. The wider the sleeve and more voluminous the skirt, as well as the better the tailoring, shows the status (wealth) of the person wearing the dress. Also, the more impractical the dress as well since if you can afford to wear really impractical clothing then you are obviously rich enough not to do work, especially labour. All women would cover their hair in the medieval period for modesty – what with depends on period. Since most fantasy doesn't both with this detail, your welcome to ignore this bit. Whatever that lady is wearing, it will be with a cap of some variety. The styles of cap can vary but is basically a bit of linen that holds hair back. If the cap is being worn alone (Saxon/Viking/very early Norman) then it would entirely cover the hair. If with other bits of headgear, it might not. Mostly it is used as something to pin the rest of the headgear to. Other headgear comes in three categories – Wimple, hood or veil. Wimples are either a long rectangular strip of linen or a cupid's bow shaped strip of linen. Hoods are a bit self-explanatory. Veils are generally light floaty bits of either linen or silk and are generally high status. They are either circular or square shaped and are pinned to the cap. Late period veils can have a chin strap and a fabric band round them; can be any length from just below shoulder length to around knee length. Wimples/hoods/veils are either/or jobs unless it's a nun then there is a veil and one of the other two for extra modesty. Fabric bands are only worn round the head by married ladies (or nuns). Men's clothing – Same as women's but shorter – that is to say, swap dress for tunics in terms of fabric and layers. A man's tunic would be between knee and bum length after having been folded over a belt – generally a leather one. Legwear (NOTE – women can wear all male legwear under their dresses and frequently did) Braes – as my group call them, medieval Bermuda shorts – basically loose linen drawstring shorts that went down from mid-thigh to knee length. Poorer men would wear these as sole legwear (very poor men would only have a tunic, legwear is not compulsory for men). Hose – Trouser (pant) legs without the bit in the middle. Hose is where the word hosiery comes from and are actually the pre-cursor to stockings. Could either have feet or not (though if a women was wearing them they most likely would have feet) and were generally made of wool or linen. This is the main legwear of higher status people of any period Norman and beyond. Trews/leggings – hate to burst it to people but this is only appropriate legwear for Saxon/Viking/Very early norman (the rohirrim might wear these but the Gondorians and elves most certainly wouldn't for LOTR geeks). Basically medieval trousers/pants. No, don't ask me why they dumped a perfectly good and sensible clothing system for braes and hose but there we are, medieval people are apparently idiots. Leg bindings – worn with trews/leggings only. Basically a long strip of wool wrapped around the calves. If the character is poor they would be worn alone with/without braes - though still only in the same time period as trews/leggings. Socks did exist – thick, clumpy wool socks with absolutely no finess whatsoever but they are warm and often had the lanolin still in them so are quite waterproof as well. Can be swapped for foot wraps (see what the Russian army used until recently if you want to look but I think the name pretty much tells you what they are). Shoes – very basic as footwear goes. Note – a fair number of poor people wouldn't be wearing shoes at all just socks/foot wraps or nothing at all. Most common is ankle high shoes that are either one or two pieces of leather wrapped round your foot. One piece is where the sole and top are all one piece (kinda looks like a Cornish pasty really), two pieces are a sole and a second piece to form the upper. These designs have no heal incidently. Heels on shoes only really come in with the norman period and are specifically for horse riding at first. They mostly don't exist on non-horse riding foot wear until they realise that heels make the shoes last a bit longer. As you get later period (once the crusades have started) you begin to get boots that go higher up the leg – these are purely for men and are fastened with leather laces up the sides that are actually attached to the shoes – nothing like modern lacing for future reference. Cloaks – earliest forms are either single or double layered wool that is hemmed, though can also be a single layer and wool sewn to a layer of linen in the same colour. This would have started off as a large rectangle held closed by a pin (bone/horn/metal – of varying ornateness/style depending on status). Later on you get short circular cloaks for men that then develop different coloured linings, often to show wealth but also so a person could show his house colours. Not surprisingly, this is a noble thing. Mantles – a large wool circular poncho. Women's only item generally - bar high status priest robes – can still be seen to be worn by some priests. Made from one piece of fabric. MISCELAINEOUS INFO – decorating clothing – decoration is a status symbol. Low status people would have had no more decoration than very simple linear embroidery stitches. People made all their own clothes and a poor person didn't have the time to spend on embroidery. Higher ranking people (women in particular) would have either had detachable bands of embroidery or decorative woven bands made by methods like tablet weave round the hem and cuffs and, to a far lesser extend due to headgear requirement for women, round the neck. The décor would be removable because every time the clothes went to be laundered (more often than many people think) they would also be re-dyed to keep the colours fresh as natural dye fades a lot quicker and you didn't want to dye the decorations. Fabric Notes All fabric is very expensive any time pre-industrialisation though 11th Century or later the very well off (nobility) would probably be able to afford more than one set of clothes though higher merchant class people most likely could (especially later on in the medieval period) probably afford a nicer tunic to change into for formal events. Due to the price of fabric people would NOT be tearing their tunics all over the place like people seem to have in many stories. People would have kept separate strips of linen salvaged from leftovers from making other things to use as bandages. Clothing was very carefully looked after. Fabric would often have patterns in as the weaver would be weaving day in, day out, which is very boring so they would put in a number of simple designs to keep themselves mildly less bored. These patterns wouldn't however be very big. They also wouldn't be stripes as this is actually a matter changing the weaving yarn all the time which is far more time consuming and more of an irritant than less boring. Fabric types Wool is the most common fabric, though it was rather lighter than today's woven wool but a lot rougher. Linen is a bit more expensive but common, peasants would mostly have worn wool. Silk is pretty much nobility only and unless for VERY formal occasions more used for trim on other garments (bands of embroidered silk on fine wool tunics around the cuffs and neckline mostly, as well as on sashes of high status ladies dresses). Velvet is available in late (high) medieval period but once again is ridiculously expensive. The first mention of Velvet mentioned in England is 1399 by King Richard II in his will, as he wished to be buried in Velvet – this gives an idea of how high status it is as a fabric. Basically, that's a royalty only job there. Leather – quite expensive in bulk – you have to kill an animal to get it and those are really rather expensive so it wasn't done so often. Small amounts off leather such as for pouches and belts were fairly common especially as these didn't tend to wear out too