I Always Hoped " I never really gave up on you," she said. "Not really. I always hoped." Pairing: Harry/Ginny Description: Voldemort is dead, the war is over, Hogwarts has been rebuilt. Join Harry and the gang as they return to finish their seventh and final year. Continue to follow as Harry becomes an Auror and Ginny plays for the Holyhead Harpies. *Hinny fic* Cover Art: Art by blvnk , layout by me Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling. I'm not making money from this, it's just for fun Notes: This story is inspired by the artist blvnk , she makes the best Hinny art and I hope I can do her vision justice. You can find her on Instagram: potterbyblvnk and on Tumblr: blvnk-art …Be sure to give her a follow, you won't regret it I'm brand new to the HP fandom, but not new to writing fan fics :) Enjoy Harry's POV There was a knock on my bedroom door, but I didn't bother responding. I couldn't be bothered doing a lot of things lately. I was living at the Burrow and they'd added on a room just for me. Nowhere had ever felt like home, but the Burrow was close. I was of age now, I could live anywhere, but I didn't want to be alone. The memories were too strong, the nightmares were worse. My door opened and I forced a smile when I saw it was my girlfriend Ginny. She smiled back, but it was equally as forced. Things had been strained between us lately, mainly because we were both battling with our grief. She approached me cautiously and it broke my heart. We'd never really gotten a chance to start, this was supposed to be it, but it wasn't as easy as I expected it to be. My eyes never left hers. "You got a letter," she said quietly, handing it to me. I noticed the Hogwarts seal immediately and my chest constricted painfully. It had only been a couple of months since the final battle, a battle in which we lost more than we gained. Ginny shared my pain and then turned to leave. "Please stay," I said. She looked at me shocked. I didn't blame her, I'd been pushing everyone away, staying silent; it was easier that way. Everyone was grieving and it was all my fault. If only I'd done things differently, if only I'd sacrificed myself sooner, done something to save everyone the pain they were currently feeling. I knew they all blamed Voldemort, but I couldn't help but shoulder some of it too. Ginny sat on my bed, she was too far away, but that was my fault too. I grabbed her hand and pulled her onto the floor with me, positioning her between my legs. Ginny hesitated for a moment, before leaning against my chest and sighing in contentment. I set the letter aside and hugged her to me. I needed to be kinder to her, kinder to myself. She was the one I wanted and I was denying myself because I was certain that I didn't deserve happiness right now. "I'm sorry," I said, but Ginny was having none of that. "It's okay, Harry, I understand." I held her to me tighter. No one truly understood, but out of everyone Ginny knew me best. This wasn't just about defeating Voldemort, this was about everything, my whole life. I'd somewhat dealt with all the stuff the Dursley's had put me through, but everything since had been left untouched. I was so consumed with my need for justice that I hadn't really processed anything, but now, in the calmness left behind, I couldn't help but think of everything and it hurt so much. "I don't mean to shut you out," I said, breathing Ginny in. "Are you going to open it?" Ginny asked. "It's probably from Headmaster McGonagall." Even saying that had my mind reeling. Dumbledore was dead, I hadn't processed that at all and I didn't want to. The things Aberforth had said about his brother, how Dumbledore used people for his own gain no matter the cost… Had Dumbledore done that to me? Snape's memories backed this up and it had me confused. I idolized Dumbledore and now I had no idea what I thought about him. Ginny stayed silent, giving me time to make my decision. At least McGonagall had been made interim Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, I couldn't stand it if the role had gone to anyone else. I picked up the letter, staring at the familiar red wax seal. It seemed like so long ago when Hagrid had given me my first Hogwarts letter to read. My life before I knew I was a wizard was not much more than that of an unwanted animal, and because of that, I didn't regret attending Hogwarts and everything that brought with it. All the hell, all the destruction, all the loss. I broke the seal and pulled the letter out. It may have been mailed with a Hogwarts envelope and seal, but the piece of parchment was blank and just held McGonagall's handwriting. I held it out, so both Ginny and I could read it together. Hello Harry I do hope that this letter finds you well. As you know, Hogwarts will be resuming on September 1st and Mrs. Weasley has already signed you all up. What I wanted to talk about is something different. The rebuilding of Hogwarts has just been completed and I wanted to offer you the chance to come by before term starts and have a look around. I've been here the whole time, overseeing everything, making sure Hogwarts becomes what it once was, but we both know that can never truly happen. It's up to you whether or not you wish to come, but I think it would be wise. No need to reply, I will be awaiting your arrival. See you soon Minerva McGonagall "What are you thinking?" Ginny asked. I only had one thought. "Will you come with me?" Ginny didn't hesitate. "Of course. When do you want to go?" Never. "The sooner the better," I said. Ginny stood up and pulled me with her. I didn't know how long I'd been sitting on the floor for, but my body was stiff and sore from it. Ginny's hand never left mine as she led me from my bedroom. I had to admit, it was good to get out. We went down the many stairs and I kept my gaze on my feet, not wanting to meet anyone's eyes, but I could feel them watching me. "We're going for a walk," Ginny announced once we were downstairs. No one said anything, no one ever said anything. Ginny led me outside and I clutched her hand tightly. The Burrow was my safe place and I really didn't want to leave it. When I heard that Hogwarts was being rebuilt, so school could resume in the fall, I didn't want to return, but Arthur, of all people, insisted that we all return to finish our final year. It made sense. None of us had graduated, we hadn't taken our NEWTs, we were essentially all school dropouts. George was coming back too, but only because he didn't want to be alone, much like me. I think he was dealing with everything the worst, but I didn't blame him. I couldn't imagine losing a twin, they did everything together, it wasn't fair. One bright side, Ginny was in the seventh year now too. She'd attended Hogwarts last year and although she didn't do her exams, it didn't matter. She'd passed her OWLs in her fifth year and sixth year exams were just there to make sure you were on track. I was glad she was going to be there, because out of everyone, she was the one I wanted to be around. We made our way to the middle of the field and I stopped, facing Ginny. I was scared to return to Hogwarts, but I couldn't admit that out loud. Then again, I didn't think I needed to. Ginny knew, she always knew. I needed to get this over and done with. Once I went, I could come back to the Burrow and continue to ignore everything until September first. I gripped both of Ginny's shoulders before apparating us to Hogsmeade. I had closed my eyes, and when we arrived, I kept them closed. This was too much, I couldn't be back here, I didn't want to see it all. Ginny turned us around. "It's okay, Harry," she said and I slowly opened my eyes. We were near the shrieking shack and Ginny had turned us so the castle was behind me. I breathed a sigh of relief, but even looking at the shrieking shack brought back too many unwanted memories. Sirius and Remus… Snape too. I couldn't help but remember it all. "I can't do this," I said, knowing that Hogwarts would bring forth more memories than this shack. I didn't want to go through it all. "Harry, I know it's hard," Ginny said, "but you need to do this. I hate seeing you locked up in your room. Even through all the bad, you were always strong and pushing forward, but now… you're doing nothing and I hate seeing you like this, it's not you. Please," she hugged me tightly, "please try." "Don't leave me," I said, crushing our chests closer together. "Never, Harry." Ginny turned us around and I caught sight of the castle in the distance. It didn't look anything like it last did. It wasn't destroyed, it was perfect. If only all the lives lost could be restored just as easily, but it wasn't possible. As we walked towards the castle, hand-in-hand, I tried to remember all the good times I had here, there were a lot. Seeing it again was almost like the first time I saw it. The castle was so huge, so looming, but in an impressive way, not intimidating at all. It was beautiful, my first true home since losing my parents. We entered through the gates and more memories assaulted me, all good. Hagrid's hut, the Quidditch pitch …where I brought back Cedric's body… it was all tainted. I needed to focus on the positives. They may be surrounded by negatives, but I needed to try. The castle doors opened and Nearly Headless Nick greeted us. "Harry, how have you been?" he asked. I'd always liked Sir Nick. "Oh, you know," I said, forcing a smile, "life is a little less exciting, but safer." Sir Nick laughed and it put me further at ease. Ginny smiled at me, still holding onto my hand, as we walked towards the great hall. "It's odd," I said as I looked around, all the destruction was gone, "it's as though nothing happened, but it did." "That's not true," Ginny said, "you can see it if you look close enough." I had no idea what she was talking about. Ginny pointed to a cracked piece of stone in front of us. "That wasn't cracked before," she said. "How do you know that?" I asked. It seemed too trivial to me, why would I notice if a piece of slate had been cracked or not? "Well, you know," Ginny said, "I spent most of my first years here staring at the ground. Better that then meeting your eyes and saying something stupid." Oh. "Even afterwards," she said, "I did it out of habit, but it's still there, McGonagall's made sure of it. Those who weren't here, won't know all the details and nor should they. Those of us who were here, we'll see them, they won't hit us in the face, but they'll be simple reminders like a cracked piece of stone that wasn't cracked before. We'll never forget what happened, Harry, and that's okay because we're stronger because of it. "You defeated the