ACT ONE If you want to spend the last hours of your life planning some noble death in the arena, that's your choice. I want to spend mine in District Twelve. Her voice was angry and maybe just a bit hurt as she uttered those words. Probably the last conversation that Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark, tributes from District Twelve for the 74th Hunger Games, would ever share. In the morning, they would be taken from the training center and into the arena to await their death. Little did she know that although he was planning his death in the games, nobility had nothing to do with it. By the harshness in her tone, it was obvious to him that she had disregarded the confession he'd made during the interviews, just a few hours earlier. Yes, he was planning to die, to give up his life, but only because that meant that she would survive. She would be crowned Victor thus keeping the promise she had made to her younger sister of returning home, safe and sound. Besides, it's not like he was going to step off of his platform with the hopes of being blown into oblivion, he had every intention of lasting as much as his strength and little training would allow him. Wouldn't surprise me if you do… Peeta answered Katniss, trying not to let the anger boiling inside him, seep through into his words. The way she stormed off, told a different story. He was angry, angry at the Capitol, at the President who seemed to thrive when presenting the next herd about to be taken to the slaughter; angry at the Game Makers who game after game, came up with twisted and torturous methods to kill children in order to be in the President's good graces. He was angry at the citizens of the Capitol for being so obtuse and actually enjoying these senseless gladiator games. He was also angry at fate, destiny, life whatever, it didn't matter because it all came down to him falling in love with a girl at the age of five; watching her almost starve to death after her father was killed in a mine explosion; seeing her pull herself up and successfully raise her sister and bring her mother out of a deep depression; watch her volunteer as tribute to give her sister the opportunity of another year of life and then get reaped himself along with her. Was this some kind of joke? Was he born to be made an example of how dreams never come true but instead having to face humiliation and degradation in the name of entertainment? For seventy four years, the districts have been punished for the Dark Days not only by turning over their future, but through their hard earned labor that is never enough to feed all of its starving mouths. When will enough be enough? What will it take for change to occur; for a spark to ignite the fire that will destroy oppression by bringing forth freedom? There is no point in worrying about such things at the moment. His hours on this Earth are pretty much numbered. If and when a change came about, it will be long after he is dead. Maybe Katniss' children will be fortunate enough to enjoy a life without reapings or Hunger Games. For now his priorities include being accepted by the Careers and keeping Cato as far away from Katniss as possible. At least now she knows that he loves her and maybe later, Haymitch can explain to her how he gave himself up to he Careers to ensure her victory. Not that he wants her to be eternally grateful to him, not in the least. It would be nice for her to think of him every once in a while, to remember him after he's gone. When the daylight comes, they'll be on their own but for the moment he is left with the wish to hold her close. ACT TWO This is our last night, and it's late and I'm trying not sleep because when I wake I will have to slip away... Those are the thoughts running through Peeta Mellark's mind as the hours continue to run like water through his fingers. They lay together in her bed, holding on to each other as if not only their sanity but their lives depended on it. When the morning comes they will have to let go of each other and face whatever horrors are being devised just for them. Make no mistake whatever maniacal horrors they encounter in the arena, the sole intention of the game makers is to destroy the star crossed lovers from District twelve. She slightly twitches. It took her hours to fall asleep. They just held each other in silence hoping the other find sleep first. The need for conversation hadn't been necessary by either one. Besides what could they say apart from good bye? They had been preparing for what was coming tomorrow for months. It didn't sneak up on them yet the days moved so fast that time passed in a blur. Just like the night seemed to be doing. It had been an exhausting day and the stress of the interviews had them much too wound up to succumb to slumber but into the early hours of the morning, Katniss finally drifted off to sleep. Peeta just looked at her, admiring her beauty, her perfection, trying to commit every single detail of her face to memory. If he was going to die in the Quell, he wanted her face to be the last thing he sees. He pulled her deeper into his embrace wishing that somehow he could hide her beneath his skin. He'd do anything to keep her safe. Whether it be cheat, steal or even kill. His top priority had always been Katniss, above everyone and anything else, even himself. He'd made his peace with his imminent death and understood that the sole purpose for his existence was to assure her survival. He knew that she needed him to survive, even more than she could have needed anyone else, including Gale. All those years ago, she needed him to give her that bread that seemed to (or at least he likes to flatter himself in thinking) have brought the light of hope back into her dull lifeless and very hungry eyes. So here he lies, with the most beautiful girl he had ever seen, in his arms, awaiting the uncertainty of their future. He concentrates on her body lying over his, trying to absorb all her warmth, while his fingers play with her hair. How many nights did he lie awake in the room he shared with his brother over the bakery, wondering about the softness of her hair, or her skin or her smell; of being close enough to touch her and her allowing him to do so? It seems like a cruel joke of life that he is given such an opportunity when he is practically at death's door. She frowns. She tightens her grip around his chest as if it were even possible to hold on to each other any tighter. What could she be dreaming that would cause her seek his comfort? It doesn't matter; nothing does because he will always be anything that she needs for him to be, whether it is lover or friend, or just a shoulder to cry on. Although at this specific instant he wants-needs to believe that she loves him, too. That her heart is and always has been his and that the thought of losing him, of never having the opportunity to share a life together is just as unbearably painful for her as it is for him. Peeta just wishes she would say it to him, if it were true. What he wouldn't give to hear those words come from her mouth. He could face and defeat anything if he only knew. Life is so unfair and unjust. It's as if a higher power had determined to make their lives miserable. He'd always strived to be a good person. He worked hard, he studied hard, and he was a good brother and a good son despite his mother's violence. He treated all people equally because he didn't see the point of differentiating. In essence they were all the same, no matter class or point of origin. All he ever asked out of life was the opportunity to get close to Katniss and maybe not be rejected. Even if she refused his advances he would have been happy with just her friendship. Was that asking for too much? He didn't need fame or riches or an expensive large house. All he wanted was one girl, the girl and the opportunity to make her happy. He deserved that chance. Yet here he is about to go into another arena, to face death again. To fight against others who just like him, had fought to survive and won . Peeta closes his eyes for a brief second to imagine what a life without the Hunger Games would be like. His imagination takes him to a bright sunset in a beautiful meadow surrounded by trees in which two children are playing. A beautiful girl with long dark hair pulled back into two braids. She twirls and laughs with a younger blond boy with dimples in his cheeks. As he gets closer to them he notices that these children aren't the younger versions of Katniss and himself. When the girl sees him approaching she gives him a radiant smile similar to Katniss' but her twinkling eyes are a deep cerulean blue. He turns to look at the boy who is much younger and smaller that the girl, his golden curls bouncing in the breeze, running towards him with open arms, his eyes a penetrating silver. He opens his eyes only to realize that he was crying and the more that he tried to reign in his feelings of despair for a future that could never be, his tears intensify to the point that he has to hold his breath to stop from openly sobbing. He doesn't want to awaken his sleeping beauty. He tries to control his breathing but he can literally feel his heart shattering. Those were his children reaching out to him, his and Katniss'. Peeta tries to will himself to stop crying. It simply will not do to allow the Capitol to see him cry, so weak and broken. He is determined to not give them the satisfaction of seeing him defeated. Him, the mediocre underdog, incapable of doing anything besides knead bread or mix colors, so unworthy of the glory and the love of this beautiful victor lying next to him. They had the power to take his life and therefore his future but he refused to give them his heart, his dignity, his soul. Looking back down at the girl, he vowed to her to be strong for District 12 and for her, for Katniss. But for tonight I want to hold you so close. ACT THREE Why didn't she love me? He thinks as he stands on the small round platform staring at his reflection in the full length three-way mirror as Portia, his stylist is fiddling with the hem line of his slacks. His hair is coifed, his face has been stripped of every last hair and his skin is perfectly buffered and tanned. You would never imagine that his chest is tapped up tightly so that his three broken ribs do not limit his movement, that there are many bruises throughout his body that are sheathed by the finest linen and silk, or that his arms are so sore from the puncture wounds from the many "serum" therapies he has had to endure in the last week. They said it is to recover all the information about the Rebels that is lodged within his memory. They don't