It was the first time he'd faltered whilst making a potion since he'd been a wee firsty. That time he'd gotten confused between two similar looking ingredients and accidentally put the wrong one in. It hadn't gone ka-boom as Longbottom's were inclined to. But he'd never made that mistake again, in fact he'd gone from strength to strength and in the end became the youngest Potion's master in at least the past century. Having all this accolade behind him though could never have stopped him of faltering in this moment though. He doubted even being under the Petrificus Totalus could have stopped him faltering. He'd just added the last ingredient, it was as perfect as any other potion he set himself on making, every ingredient prepared more finely than any textbook directed, simmered a few degrees hotter or colder than anybody else thought to brew them, turned with a practiced strength that had left him with reasonably strong arms. But he must have made a mistake, must have, must have. It was the only option! Because he needed to make sense. But it none of it was making sense: Not the fact that it smelt like anything, not who it smelled like. It wasn't an option. Not this potion, not this scent. Voldemort was gone, surely it was time for the world to stop punishing him? He thought he has paid for his past sins, but maybe he never could. Yes, Severus Snape was doubting his own brewing for the first time in twenty years because he had just brewed a batch of Amortentia for his seventh grade potioneers, and for the first time since he'd ever seen it brewed, or had brewed it himself, it had a distinctive scent. The potion that smelled of whoever you desired most had a scent, a scent he recognised immediately. One he was sure that was shared with half the wizarding world. And he was terrified. And it had never happened before. He was more terrified than when he'd knelt before his evil Lord and promised himself to him despite the misgivings that twisted in his gut. He was more terrified than when he realised that the likelihood was that he was going to die by the hand of a sadistic snake, the ultimate price for the dangerous game he had lived his life by. The only thing that had ever terrified him more was when he'd found out that the terrible prophecy he'd overheard meant that his Lily would be targeted. The bright woman who picked a terrible choice in husband yet he stilled loved with all his brotherly might. Because right now, as his class blushed and looked surreptitiously at people who they obviously scented from the potion, to him, the potion smelt of one particular person. It smelled heavily of Quidditch, Treacle tart and something else, something nameless yet distinctive to one Harry Potter. The son of his nemesis, the son of his beloved (non-biological) sister. The saviour of the wizarding world at least eighteen years his junior. And despite his year having graduated a year late, despite it being three years since the war, he still had to face the boy... man. Because Harry was nothing if not a man after everything he had faced. Yes Potter had been the one to save him from Nagini, he had been hiding in the shadows, seen the Lord's unprovoked attack and whilst Severus had lay waiting for death to take him, a boy had swooped in. With the face of his nemesis but the eyes and heart of his sister. Severus had pleaded out to the boy, shared what needed to be shared to see an end to this war. The boy had looked at him oh so sadly despite the animosity that had existed between the two. He had searched for something, and then a fiery determination had entered those Avada Kedavra eyes, oh so similar to his mother. He had settled down, removed Severus's hand where it gripped the bleeding wound. He inspected it with gentle worried eyes before working furiously. Potions were swallowed, salves rubbed in, all he was sure from his own potions store. And then there came Fawkes, still desolate without her master but she came at the call of a desperate boy. She cried fiercely, still in mourning of her master, she cleansed the wound of the snake, did what potions could not. Whether she knew it or not, she saved the life of her master's murderer. A mercy he had not deserved but was nonetheless thankful for to this day. And then she had chosen a new master, like her species she would rise through the ashes of her grief. When her work was done, her tears dried and her song became cheery for the first time in at least a year. And she'd settled on the saviour's shoulder. He had smiled first at Severus with pride and relief, pride in what he had managed to pull off and relief that the man was living, and then at the gorgeous bird that had chosen him, never a replacement for his beloved owl, just another option that he would come to love in its own way. And he had stood then, more graceful and lithe than he had appeared in everyday life. "I'll be back, but this has got to end now and for good." And he had heeded both promises strongly, and Snape's only regret was that he wasn't there to see Voldemort fall at the wand of a 17 year old boy. When the war was over Harry had shied away from the fame and the fights, he spent his last year in training with Poppy in the infirmary before doing a year's placement in St Mungo's to get his qualifications. Two years after the war Harry had returned to the infirmary, helping Poppy diligently in the only home he truly knew. And of course they were now colleagues, Harry had offered a hand of friendship towards the older man. And, as to not look petty or immature, Severus had accepted the hand. Things could still be icy at times but they were now firm friends. And clearly, though he had not being consciously aware of it, Severus wished it was more than friendship. And due to the impossibility of such a notion he wished it had remained outside of his consciousness. Harry loved his job as a healer, he loved being in Hogwarts all the time, seeing the generations to come rising above the ashes that was the great war. Apart from first and second year muggleborns the war waged a shadow over everyone there in some way. But they were also determined to not let it define them, they had realised life was too short for such things. People had let the war end petty rivalries, They were pointless, especially seeing where hate led them to. Yes, even Harry had put aside his own petty rivalries. He had profusely apologised to Draco for the Sectumsempra incident and everything else. Clearly swallowing his pride, the Malfoy heir had extended his own apologies and they now met at least once a month for a butterbeer as understanding melted into friendship. Another person he had made his amends with was Severus Snape. Oh he was still as acerbic as ever but Harry had learnt to find the amusement and familiarity from the harsh words. It helped they were much less often directed at him and were genuinely witty. Yes he would call them close friends, uneasy at times but he knew that he could rely on the older man to be there for him if he ever needed it. Like he had always been he supposed. His favourite benefit of befriending the surly Potions Master though had to be the stories about his mother. People waxed lyrical over his father and he felt that his mother was too often over looked. But Severus had cared for his mother whilst hating his father, for once he was happy for the bias. To know someone who had been close to his mother. Loved her for her, rather than as an extension of his mother. Yes between Sirius, Remus and now Severus he had seen sides to both his parents. Today there was a real lag in the infirmary. Which technically wasn't a bad thing but it meant that both Poppy and Harry were relatively bored. Poppy on a stroke of idea for something to do went to the storage cupboards. She opened and started to take a stock check. When she had finished she turned to Harry. "Will you go down to Severus' and ask him if it is at all possible to make some burn salve before the weekend, we only have one pot left. If anything comes in I'll send my Patronus." Harry nodded, glad to have something to do, to be able to move. Now that he wasn't actively playing quidditch he had a lot less time for the sport and he often missed it, as well as the exercise it provided. He followed the now familiar path down to the dungeons. He took turn after turn, a maze that once made him dizzy, down to the front of the Potions classroom. He knocked surely on the door, waiting for the familiar welcome. The class was quiet, then again nothing else would be accepted by the stern Professor, Severus may have softened in private but he still ruled his classroom with an iron fist. His art was too dangerous not to. A pot boiled at the front. "Yes, Harry, you are aware it's classtime?" Harry nodded quickly, he was sure Severus still thought him one of his 'dunderhead students'. It was surprising that Severus had called him Harry, he usually stuck to the more formal Professor Potter in formal settings. He smiled. "Yeah, I know it's class time. The infirmary's dead so Poppy sent me down to ask if you could make some burn salve sometime soon please?" The professor in question nodded in return. "That's agreeable, now off with you. Unlike you, I actually have a job to do at the minute." Harry smirked in return. The action causing him to breathe in. He almost laughed. He had no idea how the man had managed it but that amazing Potions Master had managed to make a potion that smelled like himself. Like the sweetest potions ingredients, dried grass, then something muskier with a hint of coffee. He turned to leave. "I'll leave you to it then Severus. By the way, congrats on being egotistical enough to make a potion that smells just like you." And then his laughter followed him down the corridor as he made his way back up to the infirmary. For the second time in a single hour Severus was sent reeling by exactly the same person. Instead of it just being a falter though, it was a full scale reel. He stumbled a few steps back until his knees hit the front of his desk. His hands reaching blindly behind him for some kind of stability. The blasé way the words came out implied he did not know what was being brewed, did not understand the implication of his words. Even a 100 more years as a spy wouldn't have allowed him to hide his emotions in this situation. His class watched his breakdown with amused fascination. None of them had ever seen the man as anything but stoic, stern, emotionless. And yet a few careless words had sent him reeling, almost as if he'd been slapped. And the class just wanted to laugh because slowly but surely they put together what they were brewing with what Harry had said. They were brewing Amortentia and the young man had announced to the whole class that to him it smelled like Snape! And that could only mean that the person their Hero desired most was Snape. And to them