Disclaimer: All twilight characters belong to SM If you haven't read the My Mate Saga, please read that first…or else this story will be VERY confusing. My Protector Chapter One ~*Something Wonderful*~ It was the perfect dawn of twilight. The Sun was long hiding behind the earth, letting the moon take over the sky. There were dark clouds shielding the moon's rays as a sheet of rain poured it's self over the state of Washington. Deep in a cave laid a family of vampires, sleeping blissfully together as they wait for night time to come. Edward looked up at the rocky ceiling; his arms were spread wide as his pregnant mate snuggled into his right side. On his left, two little female vampire slept peacefully curled into their father's arm. He couldn't help but think about how far he had come. From being locked up in a human habitat alone, to cuddling his new family in a large bed in a secured territory. Happiness and pride beamed off of him in waves when he thought of his mate who was now carrying his little son. My Mate. Bella was a miracle sent from heaven above. She was as beautiful as the moon with a fiery spirit to match. They had been through so much in order to stay together and Edward could never imagine a life without the dark haired beauty by his side. His two little girls felt like they were a dream that would disappear if he blinked too long. He nearly growled at the thought of his angels disappearing, he would never let that happen. Beside him, his mate slowly aroused, her eyebrows scrunching together as she opened her big golden eyes. A yawn slowly made its way through her perfect plump lips as she stretches her joints. "Good night my love," he greeted cheerfully, his free arm stretched around her frame. Edward gently pulled her to him, being care not to bump her stomach. The female giggled, propping herself up against his chest, peering over to see her daughters snoozing softly. "Good night," she sang, running a hand through Elizabeth's reddish brown hair. "Did they sleep okay?" The proud father purred, "Very okay, in fact, not a single sound." Bella smiled, turning her head to speak to her beloved pet. "How about you Jake?" The large wolf lifted his head, peering over the foot of the bed to whine at his master. Beside him were three little pups, still sleeping against their father. Edward grinned widely; his new friendship with the dog had improved massively over the years they spent with one another. They also shared the privilege of being a father together. Bella pulled away from her mate, slipping out of the bed. "Esme is expecting me before midnight, she wants my opinion about the new baby clothing she made. Also Rosalie would like to take the children out by the creek to play in the water, is that alright with you?" Edward narrowed his onyx eyes, looking outside the den where the rain pattered against the damp earth. "I think that will have to wait till tomorrow, my love. It looks like the rain won't let up anytime soon." Bella's face fell momentarily, her shoulders slumped as she turned away to glare at the storm clouds. "Damn rain," she muttered, her voice filled with disappointment. He wanted to embrace her, but the two little females glued to his side prevented him from moving. "I'm sorry sweetie; I promise I will take you and the girls as soon as the storm blows over." Bella skipped over to her mate, leaning down to press her plump lips to his thin ones. Edward wanted to pull her to him, throw her underneath him and fuck her brains out. To claim her over and over until the only think she could think about is him. But he knew with the two little ones, it would be nearly impossible to sneak a quickie with them anywhere near the den. Before the kiss got too heated, Bella pulled away with a giggle. "Wake them up when I'm gone, or else I'm never going to get out of here!" She whispered, going to the drawers to pull out some clothes. She settled with a large t-shirt and a pair of black yoga pants, covering her large belly with the warm clothing. "Take a jacket, and that umbrella," Edward ordered softly, watching his mate put the beautiful Bella nodded, grabbing an orange jacket to wrap around her body. "I'll be back as soon as I can, you know how Esme is." Edward rumbled in amusement, "Be safe," he expressed, knowing well that the Cullen men were out there watching over their territory. She nodded before slipping out of the dry cave and running into the den that was a few meters away. Edward's ears were on high alert until he heard the soft voice of his mother greeting Bella warmly. He sighed in relief, knowing she had safely made it. Gently, Edward pulled his arm from out under the dozing vampires, trying hard not to disturb them. They were so beautiful, so perfect. Jake whined from his spot on the comfy rug, his nose nuzzling the crying puppies that were beginning to wake. "Ready to wake the girls buddy?" Edward asked his friend, leaning down to rub his big bronze ear. He stood up to his fours, his tail wagging as he began to whine loudly. "Go get 'em!" The vampire commanded, laughing as Jake jumped on the bed and began to lick the two little vampire's faces. Bell-like giggles floated around the cave and soon Edward found himself being attached to by his daughters. Lizzy had jumped on his back while Nessie latched onto his leg. "Daddy!" They cheered in unison, hugging onto their father tightly. "Hello my little princesses! How was your sleep? Have any dreams?" he wondered with amusement. The little girl on his back hopped off with grace as she took her spot by her twin sister. The twins looked identical at a first glance, but as they grew older, differences started to appear in their features. Elizabeth was an exact replica of Edward, with her reddish brown curly hairs that seem to never be tamed. Her bright golden eyes matched his own and he couldn't help but see a bit of Esme in her features. She shared Bella's heart-shaped face and button nose, just like her sister. Renesmee on the other hand was a splitting image of his beautiful mate. With thick chocolate brown hair that had a hint of red curled lovingly down her back. Her eyes were big and doe-like; her smile was warm and sweet like his Bella's. They were absolutely perfect. "I had a wonderful dream," Nessie said, playing with her hair as she stares up at her father. While Nessie was more calm and gentle, her sister Lizzy was the complete opposite, bubbly and careless just like her aunt Alice. "And so did I! Want to hear about it?" Lizzie joyfully exclaimed, tugging on Edward's sleeve. "Sure baby girl, but how about after I get you two dressed," he offered, picking them up to set them on the bed. "Where's momma?" Nessie asked, always the mommy's girl. "She's with Nana right now; she will be back later," he assured, pinning back a stand of brown hair that escaped from behind her ear. "Yay!" They cheered together with carefree laughs. The sound made Edward heart warm, it was just like the laughter of his precious mate; so beautiful and bell-like, a song that he could listen to it all day. "Now what would you like to wear?" He asked, stepping to the dresser that held their clothes. "Not so fast mister!" A loud pixie voice jingled from the entrance. "Auntie Alice!" The girls squealed, running to their little aunt. "What's this I hear of your father dressing you, I thought I've taught you girls better than that," the tiny vampire scolded, pretending to be angry. The twins pointed an accusing finger towards their father. "Daddy did it!" Edward smirked, "thanks girls." Alice giggled, "Carlisle wants you, he told me to come get you," she tells him. "I got the girls, go ahead." "Thank you sis, make sure they dress warmly," he preached like the father he was. Alice rolled eyes, clearly not fazed. "Yeah, yeah, yeah," She chirped before shooing him out. Edward chuckled, putting on a long sleeved shirt on before stepping into drizzling rain. He made his way to his father who was perched on a high bolder that over looked their territory; the perfect place to keep a watchful eye on what was going on around him. Edward found out that his father had been posted on this boulder when he saw the Volturi attack him and his mate, jumping to the rescue immediately. "Father," he called out. "Is everything alright?" The blond coven leader looked down at his son, his eyes warm. "Come here my son." Puzzled, Edward obediently complied, hopping up onto the rock to flank his father. He stared over the land, noticing that there was nothing out of the ordinary. He saw Jasper and Emmett on opposite's sides of the river while Peter was placed towards the main land, keeping a watchful eye on the dens, in case something were to happen. Charlie and Phil; who was in training to become a warrior, were patrolling on the outer side of the territory. "What is it father?" He asked again, confused on what could be wrong. The older, wise leader smiled, taking in a deep breath of air as he enjoyed the silence. "Do you hear that?" He calmly said. Edward closed his eyes, opening his ears to hear what was happening around him. He could hear his girls and sister laughing in his den, clothing being thrown around in their fun. Rosalie was with Anthony, reading him a children's book from the small collection Carlisle acquired over the years. Her voice was filled with character as she made her son laugh. Jasper and Emmett we jokingly passing snide comments back to one another while Peter tried not to laugh, his chest rumbling. Jake and Leah were snuggling with one another in Charlotte and Peter's den, their puppies nursing on their mother. His mother in law, Renee, and niece, Charlotte, were picking fresh berries by the flowing steam, waving to the boys as they placed the red fruit they use to make paint. And then finally, the tiny heartbeat that thumped in the womb of his gorgeous mate. Bella and Esme were blissfully enjoying each other's company as they shared stories with one another. Everything around them was calm and at ease, no trouble, no worries, not a single thing out of place. "I don't understand," Edward spoke, opening his eyes to stare at his leader. "There seems to be nothing wrong." "Exactly," the vampire breathed, his body relaxing as he let the cold water gently hit his face. "Isn't it something wonderful?" Edward understood then, his father was happy. And so was he, as long as everything stayed in place. Male vampires were never known to show much emotion, only when it came to their mate. But Carlisle wasn't like most vampires. The old Cullen leader turned to his brightest son, his eyes slightly watering as he looked at his eldest child. He could remember the first time he had held his red-haired baby boy; wrapped up in a blue blanket as he cried his little heart out for his mother. He remembered watching him grow into a strapping young man; how strong and brave he became as he grew into a Warrior. He remembered the sorrow filled decades he and his mate had to face when their son left to fight the war against the wolves. And he could remember how elated he felt when he welcomed his son and brand new daughter home from