Disclaimer: I do not own any of the twilight characters nor the concept of sparkling vampires. Although the rest of the story/plot/and vampire species is mine. PLEASE READ MY MATE SAGA FIRST BEFORE READING THIS STORY! IT WOULD MAKE MORE SENSE IF YOU DO. ALTHOUGH YOU DO NOT HAVE TO READ THE SEQUAL! AN: Hello my lovely readers! So here's the branch of story of My Mate Saga where I've created another story using the same vampires and characters as the original story but using a different plot. This is called the MMU=My Mate Universe. I really hope you enjoy, but please keep in mind that this is NOT the same story as My Mate. It is completely different, just using the same type of vampires. If you do not know anything about my king of vamps, then please read or re-read my mate. If you have any questions please feel free to PM me. Also! If you are interested in writing a story in the MMU then please let me know so I can read it too! Okay enough of my large AN, let's get on with the story! Journal 001 05/01/01 Are Vampires Real By: Dr. Julia Spencer We grew up to believe that monsters do not exists. That they belong in the folk tales and scary legends to scare children from venturing into the forest late at night. At a young age they are very much real. As I came across a young boy by the name of Brandon Leatherman, I learned that children are indeed exposed to many mystical beings that hide in the deepest cracks of the world. [Video Feed] The video shows a young boy sitting in the middle of a room on a metal chair. It was a small child, age 5 most likely. His dark brown eyes were wide with fear and his arms wrapped themselves around his tiny frame. He was slightly shaking, his brown locks in wisps as they fell around his chubby face. Dr. Spencer was seen stepping up to the bow and lowering to whisper in his ear. She was tall and lanky, with blonde hair that was tied in a braided bun. She wore thick black glasses and a modest outfit with a lab coat. Once she stepped away, she took her spot out of the view of the camera. There was the sound of rustling paper and a click of a pen. Then Dr. Spencer's voice filled the interrogation room; her voice was full and firm, but gentle at the same time. " Okay Brandon, can you tell me what you saw Saturday night of last week? When you were playing at the park with your friends?" The little boy's eyes flickered to Dr. Spencer then flashed back to the camera. His voice was small and quiet, and if it weren't for the microphone pinned to his shirt, he would have been inaudible. " I-I saw a monster." There was the sound of scribbling before Dr. Spence spoke up again. " Can you describe the monster?" " It was big…and white and black. It looked like a m-man but- but it wasn't! It had red eyes." " Did you speak to it?" " No." " Did it speak to you?" " N-no, but it growled at me when it saw me looking." " Growled?" " Yeah like a dog." More scribbles. " What else did it do?" " It stared at me, then it disappeared!" " Did you look away and when you looked back it was gone?" The boy shook his head. " No! I never looked away! It just vanished before my eyes! Like a magician!" Dr. Spencer scratched her pen against the paper once more. " Thank you Brandon, you have been a very big help." The little boy's terrified face remained still as the camera flicked off. [End of Video Feed] The interrogation I had filmed with the little boy, Brandon, shows the reality of these beings in the mind of a child. Although the parents, and the adults, have dismissed his encounter with a creature of the night as complete imagination, I have come to a conclusion that what he saw was no made up fantasy. No. In fact, what he saw had matched various reports of other citizens in the local, regional, and even global communities. The characteristic below seemed to match up perfectly among total strangers who have had no connections pervious to being interviewed. :*: Pale white skin :*: Blood red glowing eyes :*: Tall large bodies :*: Human like appearance :*: Animalistic sounds :*: Mostly male looking Although most can say that these creatures could have easily been a result of a craze man hiding in the woods to scare children, the eye witnesses have been scattered all over the nation, reporting the encounters through time. One report was made in 1975, by a man name George Brooks, a hunter who had been driving down a long stretch of road in his vehicle when a large figure had crossed the road in front of him. It was too big to be an animal, and the way it had walked made it seemed human. But when he had stopped his car to get a better look, he caught sight of the creatures face. He described it to be very human, but it was his eyes that told him otherwise. Glowing red eyes were what he reported, and with that, Mr. Brooks had turned his vehicle around and didn't investigate further with the fear of his life. Many Indian reservations have also reported mysterious disappearance of their tribe members, claiming to have been taken by creatures of the night. I was lucky enough to be able to interview a native chief of the La Push Quileute tribe. [Video Feed] The video flashed on to an older looking man who wore traditional Native American clothes. His face was obviously aged and a frown permanently creased his lips. He stared at the camera with tired bored eyes, heavy with no interest. A clear of a throat could be heard before Dr. Spencer's voice filled the audio once more. " Ephraim Black, could you tell us of the legends surrounding the concept of the "Creatures of the Night?" Ephraim Black seemed to glare at the blonde scientist. His voice was low and deep. " There is no 'concept' of the creatures of the night. The truth is; the cold one are real and they are out there. Lurking in the woods, ready to catch their next meal." " And what exactly are they hunting?" " What do you think? The disappearances? The no body found? Tell me Dr. Spencer, what do you think they are hunting?" His voice was sarcastic yet serous. Dr. Spence shuffled uncomfortably. " Are you saying they are preying on people?" A gruff snort exploded from the old chief's throat. " I'm not saying, I'm telling. My people have witnessed these monster in the act. How they would pose as ordinary humans and lure their prey away from the others so they may feed. Have you ever heard of vampires?" " Vampires? You mean as in Dracula?" It was Dr. Spencer's turned to laugh. Ephraim Black looked unamused as he leaned forward his seat, his eyes staring intently at the scientist. " No, I'm am not talking about that pathetic vermin. No these creatures were not born human and turned into the bloodsucking leaches as we know in the stories. No…These are a whole new species of their own. Their origin is unknown, but they were created for a reason. And that reason is to keep the human population down . And they do that, by feeding." The old chief sat back in his chair, a satisfied smirked across his face. Dr. Spencer was silent. The video turned off. [End of Video Feed] Taking in what Chief Ephraim Black has said, I have come to a conclusion. Vampire are real. And they are not what they seemed. They are something completely different then what we could ever imagine. And I'll spend the rest of my career trying to figure out what they are, and if they could be either a danger to us, or helpful. I am Dr. Julia Spencer, and I am the first Vampologist this world has even known. Creatures of the Night Chapter One *Captured * Bella's POV It was quiet tonight. The warm desert wind slowly blowing through the dusty planes, moving sand and transforming the landscape before our very eyes. I crouched low on a boulder, my fingers tips grasping the stone to keep balance. Behind me, my family stirred awake. My Father and mother laid together in their nest, a happily mated pair. My brother stilled snoozed in the corner where out nest was made. As sibling, we shared a nest to keep close and safe. He was only five years and constantly seeking trouble. So the parents put me in charge of him to keep him safe. I smiled at the thought of my nice family. My Parents were young, but highly successful in that they have established a home and created two healthy offspring's. A plus for living in the desert, not many vampires chose to live here for the sun was too hot, making us safe from unwanted attention. And as I have matured into a young female vampire, my scent has started to change to attract potential mates. Although my father wants me to stay home where it's safe, I have always had an urge to seek out my mate. I could feel my body change, and the hormones were craving to be mated by a strong powerful male. My father never let me out on a hunt by myself in fear that I will attract an unworthy male. Even though male vampires could not hurt their mates, some males were a lot more carless in taking care of their females. My mother told me horror stories about how my grandmother had gone through three mates, each being defeated by the next. She told me if I wasn't careful in picking a strong one, I may soon meet my grandmother's fate. I shuddered at the thought of losing a mate and being taken by another. The heartbreak I would endure was not something I want to experience. "Bella?" Came a tender voice of Renee Swan, first mate of the Swan Coven, and my mother. "Are you alright baby girl?" She came up behind me, wrapping her small arms around my body. She was the same height as me, with auburn hair that showered down her back in straight lines. She nuzzled her nose in my hair, and I purred back at her. "I'm alright mama," I tell her, but she knew I was lying. "Are you sure? I have a hunch that that's is not what's running through that pretty little head of yours." She knew me so well, I could never hide anything from her. I gave a low sigh and turned to stare up at the big bright moon that perched itself in the wide open sky. "I have a feeling he's out there. Looking for me. And I'm just standing here, making him wait." "Keep it that way," a gruff voice came from the den, as my father fully arose. I rolled my eyes, and glared ahead. My mother turned to her mate. "Hush Charlie, I got this," she says before turning back to me. I could hear my father snort before descending down the mountain side to probably do a perimeter run, scoping out for anything unusual. "Mom, I love you and dad, I really do! But I'm at that age where I need to leave the nest, and find my mate, and start my own coven! I can't stand living in this den, I need to go out and explore!" I exclaimed, throwing my hands in the air. I had pulled out of