Disclaimer: I don't own anything, save the things I created for this fic. Harry Potter belongs to JKR and any additional credits to other authors or etc will be given when appropriate. If I owned anything then the first book's first chapter would be this. Alas I own nothing. I am not going to type a disclaimer in every chapter. I assume that it's a given that I don't own anything. Dull. Dull and severe. Such was the atmosphere in the room. It was a small room. Dark grey, stone walls; decorated mostly with black, wooden bookcases. On one of the six walls –for the room had a hexagonal shape- was a banner. Shield shaped with silver trims, it depicted a family insignia. A vertically tilted, broken, black sword that stood in a field of crimson red. Next to the banner were two torches. Their light burning low, but steadily. Slightly illuminating the space close to the decorated wall. Below the banner, carved on the wall were the words; "Spem gentis, omni praesidio". The family's words. They were Latin for "Family is hope, always protect it". With its back facing that wall was a luxurious looking chair. Crafted out of the same black wood as the bookcases. Actually it looked more like a small throne than a chair. High backed with arm rests. Intriguing patterns carved on it with silver lining. The same coat of arms that hung on the wall carved on the chair's back. Dark, crimson red cushioning adorned the seat, with silver seam lines. In front of the chair was a desk. A writing pedestal. Again made from the same black wood most furniture here was made from. Its design similar to a French Empire Partners Desk, though the wood was black, the designs were platted silver and the light coloured, leather cushion area was of a dark grey material. The wall opposite to the desk also bore no decorations. After all it held the entrance to the room and that left not much room for décor. The entranceway was a large, two-leaved door of floor-to-ceiling height. Crafted out of the same stone as the walls, it seemed to blend into the surrounding environment. Seemed to be part of the walls themselves. Two small, hemispherical shapes protruded from the door leaves. Near the height of an average human's chest, close to where the two leaves met each other. Their shape roughly that of a Vietnam veteran's helmet. They were filled with runes. Two small holes on their centres. Those were the locks. The desk in the room was neatly littered with parchments and books. A small, aquamarine orb was etched in the desk's top-right corner. Seeing as it emitted light, its usage was the same as that of a lamp's. If one looked closely they would see that small bumps existed on the gemstone's surface. It was in the shape of the globe, however things like wizard-spaces and such were also shown. A small, white marble writing stand stood near the centre of the pedestal. In the perfect position for one to use it correctly. Two ink vials on the left corner of its northern side. Next to them were also three writing quill stands and other various writing tools; such as a pen and a bloater. One quill looked to be from a raven's feather. The other from a hawk's. The third stand was empty. Its quill missing. Currently being used by the man that sat on the chair-throne hybrid. The man had the appearance of a tough, forty year-old. His long, salt and pepper coloured hair were tied in an austere but elegant top knot. His bear was full and long. Of the same colouring as his hair. Its edge tied in a small beard-ponytail by a long and thin, silver band. His eyes were grey. Most likely not their natural colour as two feint scars were slightly visible below his eye sockets. A third scar traced his left cheek, horizontally passing his nose's bridge and traversing most of his right cheek too. Another scar was also slightly noticeable. Its end below his lower lips. The rest of it probably passing through his chin, but that was hidden by his lush beard. These were the marks of a true war veteran. The man wore a white, high collar shirt. The fabric stretching slightly on his muscles. Being completely buttoned-up, the collar buttons were displayed in all their glory. Made from black, star diopside the gem's famous, four-rayed, star shine was visible even though they had been given a rectangular cut. On top of the shirt he wore a grey waistcoat. Five buttons, all buttoned up, same material as the collar buttons. From the chest hung a golden, watch chain. The sleeves were not rolled up, but the sleeve buttons couldn't be seen as his forearms were covered by a pair of thin, silver armguards. Celtic knots carved on the circumference of their edges. The right armguard was also covered in a kilt accessory. The family's tartan elegantly wrapped around the protective wear. Its design being two crimson stripes on a field of black. The man's outfit was complete by a pair of dress pants, same colour as the shirt and a pair of black, leather spats that covered his dragonhide boots and his calves, reaching just below his knees. The spats' buttons were made from the same gemstone as the rest of his outfits'. His pants were held in place by a dragonhide belt, with silver buckle. The man's right hand moved to stroke his beard as his left one dipped the quill he was holding into black ink. He took a bit too long to think, resulting in an ink spot smudging the desk. He sighed in irritation and swiped his right hand. The black liquid floated on the air and inserted itself back into the ink well. Taking a deep breath the man begun to scratch the parchment. This would be the last letter he wrote today. He was tired. No really…this was the sixth or seventh letter for today. His hand was bored and so he declared that it also would be the last. And so, with that in mind he began writing. The letter read: " Albus, old friend. How are you faring? Last time I heard you blokes back home had a bit of a trouble with a baby vanishing a Dark Lords? Well, the commotion must be over now. That was nearly six months ago. Imagine that huh? A toddler defeating Voldemort. Are you sure you aren't fooling your people Albus? Oh and they ARE your people. Or do you think that any of the incompetent ministers you had the past decades could do a better job at herding than you? Anyways, I am not writing to berate you. I am writing to propose something. Propose some changes. You see the past years, the past many years actually Magical Britain's educational system could be said to be average at best. Worst of the worst is the worst term some use. 'It sucks donkey cocks' is my preference. For that reason I am fond of the option of using my post and connections to restore Hogwarts to its former glory. Yes, I do understand that part of the school's academic downfall is due to a diminished number of attending students. A casualty of the many recent struggles homeland has gone through. However such a percentage of incompetence is not acceptable. Hogwarts has remained as the only educational institution in Britain due to its great records and diverse variety of subjects being taught there. Something that led to the signing of the 'ICW-Hogwarts-Britain' treaty of 1502. A treaty that effectively mothballed not only the rest of the wizarding schools of Magical Britain, but also all and every post-NEWTS educational institutes. Foolish decision if you ask me. Of course an even more foolish decision was taken by you when you fought in favour of the 'Hogwarts Individuality and Self-Mastery' treaty. Something that cut off all ties Hogwarts had with foreign post-NEWTS educational institutes. You dumb, motherfucker opted to replace proper third-tier, magical, education with the long forgotten and outdated apprenticeship system. Something that also proved to be moronically stupid seeing as Britain no longer produced top-notch specialists and masters and not many British students were accepted by foreign institutes or masters. In short, the last three hundreds if not more years have been awful for Magical Britain's educational system. And now seeing as your very government is undergoing many and severe changes; I thought that it's the most proper time to implement changes in the educational structure too. Be warned, old 'friend' that I am going to push forward for those changes either you help me or not. I am however warning you and giving you notice before any changes take place. Simply because we have been through thin and thick in the last wars. I have already wrote to the ICW, Archylet's Headmaster and members of your new ministry. New ages are coming old coot…and you can't avoid that. Your old friend, Eyton Sarwyck." One could say a lot about Albus Dumbledore. One could hear even more. But the truth was that Albus was an admirer of the plain and simple, the straight and to-the-point. All his life he had a vision for Magical England. A vision he shared with but a few. Actually, Albus also had a grand vision too. A global one. Shared with only one person in the world. His friend Gellert. That one went south though. But Albus fought. He fought all his life to shape Magical Britain into what he wanted it to be. Into what he deemed would be beneficial. Into what he thought would make things better. He fought for what he called "The Greater Good". Of course he never specified whose greater good. He didn't even know himself, even though if deep into his subconscious he understood that what he real meant was "The Greater Good of Albus Dumbledore and those who shared the same views". There were some troubles now and then that disturbed the general peace and calmness he had put Britain in, but those were nothing more than bugs to be squashed. Until Tom Riddle appeared. Tom was a halfblood, and he went on to become one of the most dreaded Dark Lords of Britain's history. Alright, it was Albus who pushed for the world to view Voldemort as "the most dreaded Dark Lord of Britain's history". In fact Tom Riddle was nothing more than a leader of a rebellion. Powerful, but just a rebel nonetheless. Tom rallied up the nobility of Magical Britain under the pureblood cause –which Dumbledore made sure to exaggerate to the general public- and rose against the then leading government. Unacceptable. Unacceptable. Unacceptable. This was Albus' opinion on the matter of Riddle's uprising. How he disrupt the peace and stagnant environment Albus had created through blood and sweat? How dare he? How? For that reason Dumbledore had decided that Tom needed to be taken out of the playing field. But it would do him no well if he just went up and murdered the boy –for in his eyes he was just a young boy, a young foolish boy-. No. He would first have to justify his reasons. And what a better way to do that than painting Voldemort's image the deepest, darkest, most vile shade of black and blood-red that ever existed? Thus Albus made use of his political and economic standing to twist the public's view. He begun by branding Tom's followers as "Death Eaters". A move that didn't go as expected since Tommy took it well and adopted the name. Then Dumbledore started the rumours. The rumours that Death Eaters were killing and murdering without cause, rapping and pillaging. Cannibalising and executing dark rituals. Part of that was true. Part of that. For what war had not anyone to commit atrocities in