Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter "So, who is your favorite uncle?" -o-O-o- i: rose [2021] Contrary to popular belief, Rose actually works hard in school. They always assume that she's some sort of laidback girl that doesn't care about school because she's always causing mayhem with her two friends in hopes of having an adventurous seven years but she's a Prefect and top of her year for a reason: she studies a lot . "Your notes are amazing ," Scorpius says amazed as he reads over them in an attempt to retain as much information as possible before their Transfiguration exam. "How do you even manage to take these notes during class? Mine look like chicken scratch!" "Did no one teach you how to take notes?" Rose curiously asks. Scorpius shrugs. "The only advice my parents gave me just involved my personality. They didn't really give me actual school advice, like how to manage time between Quidditch and studies and the fastest routes around the castle." Rose chuckles before Scorpius asks her, "So, who taught you?" "Oh my Uncle Percy," Rose answers. Scorpius has met her Uncle Percy a few times when she and Albus invited him to the Burrow. From what Scorpius saw, Percy was the embodiment of the boring dad that goes to play golf on the weekends and discusses history with their children. "Come on! He's so cool! He takes me to the Ministry a lot so I could run around the departments and I'm trying to find my way around more and he doesn't really care because I haven't done anything terrible yet. Not to mention he has actual school advice unlike some of my other uncles like how to take notes. I'd be failing without them-you and Al too because you use them. Plus he gave me all the lists of the best books I could use in the library because we wizards are idiotic and don't use the muggle internet. And not to mention he gives me all these muggle stuff. I've got a TV in my room and he gave me a phone. Of course I rarely use it because not only do I have barely any muggle friends, but also no internet connection most of the time." Scorpius looks at her with an amused expression on his face. He tries to ignore the fluttering feeling in his stomach he's getting from staring at the interest and excitement in her eyes. He bites his lip to stop himself from smiling and decides to say something so she won't know he's still crushing on her, even though she has a boyfriend. "Your Uncle Percy is still boring though," Scorpius blurts out. Her nostrils flare with anger and he immediately regrets his choice of words, especially because she just gave him a long rant about the uncle he just insulted. Rose snatches the notes from his hands immediately. She says, "If you don't appreciate Uncle Percy, you can't have the notes I took using his methods." -o-O-o- ii: dominique [2008] "Uncle Charlie! Uncle Charlie!" Her little legs aren't supposed to be running so fast but Dominique's seven now and believes that because she's seven, she could do anything. In her mind, she's running as fast as a sprinter in those Olympics her Aunt Audrey and Aunt Hermione made her and her family watch during August but in reality, she gets to Charlie really fast only because he takes long tentative steps forward closer to her. He scoops her up in her arms and greets her with a wide, broad smile. He says, "Hey Dom." "You came! Teddy and Vic said you wouldn't come because you were busy with dragons but I knew you'd come!" she exclaims excitedly. "How could I miss my goddaughter's birthday?" he asks. "You can't! That's what I told Vic but she wouldn't believe me!" Dominique rolls her eyes in an annoyed manner. "She never believes me!" He sighs to sympathize with her. He tells her, "Older siblings are the worst." "They are." "But when you get older, make sure you listen to Vic. She may give you some good advice and could help you out when you need it," Charlie advises. Dominique looks at him shocked, as if he just betrayed her. She yells, " What ? You're supposed to be on my side!" He shakes his head with an amused smile on his face as he carries her to Shell Cottage so she could rejoin her birthday party. He tells her, "I am on your side-Vic shouldn't have said I wouldn't come-but I just want you to know that older siblings tend to give some good advice. Take me and your dad for example. Your dad gave me a lot of good advice and I turned out alright." She tilts her head as if contemplating the comment but then breaks out into a bright smile. She says, "You're alright Uncle Charlie. And do you know why I know?" "Why?" "Because you're my favorite uncle and I'm always right." "That is true." Charlie sets her down on the ground and leans over to whisper into her ear. "But don't tell your other uncles that. They'll get jealous." -o-O-o- iii: albus [2017] "Albus?" He looks up from his plate full of bacon to see his godfather standing nearby him. Neville gestures towards the doors of the Great Hall and says, "I need to talk to you, godfather to godson." Albus is well-aware of all of the eyes staring at him as he stands up and follows Neville out of the Great Hall. He begins panicking. What if his parents told Neville that they're disgraced he's in Slytherin? What if he's going to tell him that the Sorting Hat was just pulling a prank and he'll be in Gryffindor? He really hopes it's the latter. "Is something wrong?" Albus asks once they're outside, trying to pretend he's more calm than he actually is. Neville breaks out into a smile and places his hand on his shoulder affectionately. He says, "Calm down Al. You're not in trouble or anything-it's your first day here. I just wanted to tell you that you need to calm down about being in Slytherin." "What?" "Look, Harry told me that you're scared of being in Slytherin. It's okay. There's nothing wrong about being in Slytherin. You shouldn't get these ideas in your head that you're evil or anything just because there were a few bad witches and wizards in Slytherin. There's nothing wrong with valuing ambition." Albus awkwardly rolls on the balls of his feet. He looks up at his godfather and says, "I know there's nothing wrong about being in Slytherin-my dad told me all about that-but that's not what I'm worried about. What if the other kids don't like me because I'm in Slytherin? They keep looking at me funny, like I've got two heads or something." Neville shakes his head and tells him, "If people don't like you just because you're in Slytherin, then they're not worth spending your time around. You're a good kid Al. Don't let people's prejudice and assumptions hold you back." He breaks out into a smile. He says, "Thanks Uncle Neville." "Don't mention it kid," Neville replies, ruffling up Albus's already messy black hair. -o-O-o- iv: molly [2019] She lays down on her back, staring at the ceiling of her four-poster bed, trying to gather her thoughts. The past week has been a whirlwind for her: McGonagall had found out about her weekly adventures out into the city to sell her art and her art supplies and broom got confiscated. She only has access to the latter when it's time for Quidditch but the chances are good she'll never get to see her art supplies again. "Oi, Molly!" Alice says, walking into their room with a package in her hand. Molly groans and sits up in her bed. "As much as I appreciate your company Alice, you're a year below me and we don't have Quidditch practice until tomorrow. I get that you want to be a pro Seeker but honestly, I just need some space." She rolls her eyes. "Okay I get you're going for the whole tortured artist thing but seriously, it's been an entire day. You need to leave your dorm, mainly so you could get your own mail." "No I don't." Alice sighs and drops a package on occupied space on Molly's bed before leaving the room. After a few minutes, Molly eventually rolls over and grabs the box Alice brought her. She opens up the box to find a sketch pad, box of colored pencils, box of colored markers, and a letter. Curious as to who got her art supplies even though she's banned, she picks up the letter and begins reading it. Dear Molly, Don't tell anyone about this. I know that you're supposed to not be receiving anything related to art but I think it's unfair everyone doesn't want you to do something you love, even if you did break some rules but I mean, what's life without a little rule breaking? Just don't go sneaking off Hogwarts to sell art. But if you do, don't tell them I gave you art supplies because your dad and Aunt Hermione will kill me. From, Uncle Ron Molly looks at the letter and then at the art supplies in the package and smiles contently. She climbs out of her bed for the first time all day and heads over to her desk to begin writing a letter back to her Uncle Ron. -o-O-o- v: fred [2020] Look, Fred loves the annual summer get-togethers his family holds at the Burrow where he and his cousins invite their friends and they basically just party until dawn but they're quite exhausting. It's been about five hours since the party started and he's just had the chance to go into the kitchen to get a glass of lemonade. Just like every other room in the Burrow though, Fred finds another person that he can't just ignore but this time, it's his uncle Bill, who mysteriously has a bandage around his left bicep. "What happened to you Uncle Bill?" Fred asks as he reaches for a pitcher of lemonade. "The job kid," he replies. "I was going through some tombs in a pyramid and I accidentally triggered the defenses and an arrow came out of nowhere and shot me right in the arm. Your Aunt Fleur nearly had a heart attack, even though it was pretty insignificant compared to the wounds I used to get when I was just new to the business." He looks up at his uncle with a little bit of fear in his eyes as he shakily sets down the pitcher of lemonade. Bill looks at his fearful expression questioningly and asks, "What's wrong kid?" "Well, I…..I was kind of thinking…...you know, after Hogwarts….and McGonagall and my parents and I were talking and-" "Spit it out kid," he says. Fred sighs and blurts out, "I want to be a Curse-Breaker." Bill looks at him with a curious expression, making Fred continue on to say, "I'm the top in my class and I'm really good in Charms and DADA and McGonagall suggested that I would be an Auror but you get to travel the world-I mean, you only go to Egypt but that's more exotic than where Aurors go-and you're not held back by the Ministry-I love what Aunt Hermione's done with it but at the same time, I don't want to work for the government so I'll settle for working for a bank. And I've talked to my dad and mom and my dad wants me to work at Wheezes because it's a family business and I love it but I don't want to be pranking all my life and my mom wants me to try pro Quidditch and it wouldn't be too bad because I mean, I've been told that I'm very good and