Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter There are celebrities-and then there are celebrities. James Sirius Potter looked up at his cousin Fred Weasley, who had begun breaking out into giggles over the line. The pair bought a copy of the Daily Prophet from a newsstand outside of Weasleys' Wizarding Wheezes, despite their parents obvious distaste for their kids reading the Daily Prophet for anything other than Quidditch. They, being the rebellious 10 year olds they were, bought one and promptly began reading one in Fred's room. "What's so funny Fred?" James asked. "She's talking about our parents like they're like superstars or something," he answered. Alas, the kids were oblivious to how famous their parents are. Their parents were the famous war heroes that stopped Voldemort. The fame never did stop, mainly because of their prominence in the Ministry, so the kids thought nothing of the attention. James rolled his eyes and kept on reading through the article. It was so ridiculous to read the exaggerations of this Skeeter woman. But when word swept the campsite and stadium that a certain gang of infamous wizards (no longer the fresh-faced teenagers they were in their heyday, but nevertheless recognizable) had arrived for the final, excitement was beyond anything yet seen. As the crowd stampeded, tents were flattened and small children were mowed down. "She was right on that part though," Fred pointed out. James was about to scoff when he suddenly remembered what happened when people found out about their presence. They ran towards them like they were sprinters finishing a marathon. Lily was absolutely terrified because she thought she'd be trampled. She flailed her arms and cried about all the people that were practically suffocating them. "Okay. Maybe she's sort of right," James admitted. -o-O-o- "She is not right!" Ginny Weasley cried out to her husband in their kitchen. She dropped down a bowl of water for their dog Snuffles before standing back up again to complain to her husband, who was reading the latest Rita Skeeter article aloud. "I think I know that," Harry replied, drinking from his coffee. "I mean what's that line she wrote?" Or doe his injury have a more humble origin, one that Potter is desperate to hide? Has his wife perhaps cursed him? Are cracks beginning to show in a union that the Potters are determined to promote as happy? Ginny began aggressively chopping up the peppers for her omelet. She said, "I mean come on? Me ? Abusive ? Just because I enjoy hexing the occasional person, does not mean that I want to hurt you! I mean I'd only hurt you if you did something stupid but-" Harry looked up at his wife and told her, "Don't worry about Skeeter." "I only worry when my reputation is insulted," she informed him. She looked at his face and saw that he was grimacing. He cast a nervous glance at her but then quickly shot his eyes back to the paper once he saw she was looking at her. "What did you just read?" "Nothing….." Ginny walked over to him and snatched the paper from him. She scanned the paper until she found the passage he was no doubt looking at. Should we read anything into the fact that his wife Ginevra has been perfectly happy to leave her husband and children behind in London whilst reporting on this tournament? The jury is out on whether she really had the talent or experience to be sent to the Quidditch World Cup (jury's back in-no!) but let's face it, when your last name is Potter, doors open, international sporting bodies bow and scrape, and Daily Prophet editors hand you plum assignments . Harry watched as his wife calmly placed the paper back onto the table and disappeared from the kitchen. He was worried that she was going to Apparate away in order to harm Skeeter in any sort of way but she didn't. Instead, she walked back into the kitchen fully dressed to go out and with her wand in hand. "Where are you going?" he asked nervously. "Headquarters," she replied, kissing his cheek lightly. "I'm going to see if I'm as good at performing the Bat-Bogey Hex as I once was." As their devoted fans and followers will remember, Potter and Krum competed against each other in the controversial Triwizard Tournament, but apparently there are no hard feelings, as they embraced upon meeting (what really happened in that maze? Speculation is unlikely to be quelled by the warmth of their greeting). -o-O-o- Ivanka Krum laughed hysterically as she read the latest edition of the Daily Prophet . Her husband Viktor looked at her strangely because usually the Daily Prophet provide anything but comedy. "Vot is it?" he asked. "Oh nothing," she said with a grin. "But apparently, you are haffing an affair with Harry Potter." " Harry Potter ?!" The couple turned to the entrance of their kitchen where their eight year old son Simon was standing with glee on his face. Like most boys his age, he was going through his "I Love Harry Potter" phase. "Vot about Harry Potter?" Simon asked. Why does he say vat "I am secretly dating him," Viktor replied nonchalantly. Simon looked at his father strangely before letting a grin break out on his face. He exclaimed, "THAT'S SO COOL!" -o-O-o- "Why don't you like Rita Skeeter, Mum?" Rose Weasley asked her mother as they were eating breakfast. "Why do you ask that?" Hermione curiously asked her daughter. "Because I found this ," she said as she held up a copy of "Dumbledore's Army Reunites at Quidditch World Cup Final" that was clearly cut out of this morning's newspaper. Ron looked at Hermione with amusement and said, "I told you you should've just burnt it." "Ooh!" Hugo said with glee as he looked at the article. "It mentions Daddy!" Was he, as stated at the time, 'delighted to assist my brother George with a business I've always loved'? Or had he had his fill of standing in Potter's shadow? Was the work of the Auror Department too much for a man who has admitted the destruction of He Who Could Not Be Named's Horcruxes 'took its toll' on him? He shows no obvious signs of mental illness from a distance, but the public is not allowed close enough to make a proper assessment. Rose looked up at her parents. For an eight year old, she was fairly smart because of the genes she received from her mum. Usually her parents were proud of her daughter's above average intelligence and fondness for reading anything she could get her hands on but that particular day, her parents seemed a bit upset that their daughter was reading about Skeeter's article. Righteously so because even if Rose didn't realize, Skeeter was making incredibly rash assumptions about her father. "I don't get it," Rose said. She looked at her dad with worry. "Dad, everything's fine right?" "Of course Rosie," he told her. "But what's this Rita lady saying?" she asked. " Lies ," Hermione bitterly told her. Her resentment towards Rita Skeeter had not changed much between her fourth year and the present. She had no intentions to tell her children what Skeeter said about her back in her "heydey" as Skeeter put it but she had every intention to make sure they knew to not trust anything Skeeter says. Rose and Hugo looked at their mother curiously. She was never this mad around them before so they were able to sense something was wrong; they weren't Hermione Granger's kids for nothing. "But she seems to like you Mum," Rose said. After a meteoric rise to Deputy Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, she is now tipped to go even higher within the Ministry, and is also mother to son, Hugo, and daughter, Rose. Does Hermione Granger prove that a witch really can have it all? (No-look at her hair.) "Other than the jab at your hair Mum," Rose began, "Skeeter seems to like you-admire you to an extent." "Or she's scared," Hugo suggested. Neither kid knew why their dad broke out into fits of laughter at the mention of this. -o-O-o- "I'm confused," Hannah Longbottom said as she read the latest edition of the Daily Prophet . "About?" "This," she said, handing her husband Neville the article. Until recently the pair lived above the Leaky Cauldron in London, but rumor has it that not only has Hannah retrained as a Healer, but is applying for the job of Matron at Hogwarts. Idle gossip suggests she and her husband both enjoy a little more Ogden's Old Firewhiskey than most of us would expect from custodians of our children, but no doubt we all wish her the best of luck with her application. "This is ridiculous," Neville said after her read the portion regarding the couple. "I mean, how did she even find out about your application? She must be bugging again. And how dare she insinuate that we'll be going to work drunk? I would never do something like that!" Hannah looked at her husband in confusion. He noticed this and asked, "What? Aren't you upset?" "I mean, I am but you must've forgotten that practically no one believes her articles anymore," she said. "True," Neville said in agreement. "Wait, but why are you confused?" "Because she wished me luck," she said simply. "It's not in Skeeter's style of congratulating someone." Neville grinned and remarked, "And she's calling us the drunks." -o-O-o- Luna Scamander read the latest article of the Daily Prophet . Of course she doesn't read it too much, much rather enjoying the content of the Quibbler-of course she's a bit biased of course-but she was interested in what Rita Skeeter had to say about them. She figured after Hermione kept her in a jar she'd stop reporting about them but apparently she was wrong Last of the ringleaders of Dumbledore's Army is, of course, Luna Lovegood (now married to Rolf Scamander, swarthy grandson of celebrated Magizoologist Newt). Still delightfully eccentric, Luna has been sweeping around the VIP section in robes composed of the flags of all sixteen qualifying countries. Her twin sons are "at home with grandpa." Is this a euphemism for "too disturbed to be seen in public"? Surely only the unkindest would suggest so. She began laughing, catching the attention of her two sons who were playing with their toys. Lysander looked up at her and asked, "Why are you laughing Mummy?" "Because Rita Skeeter just admitted she's unkind," she said with a smile on her face that her children didn't understand. -o-O-o- Angelina Weasley didn't pay much attention to her daughter Roxanne as she ran around the park without a care in the world, pushing another little kid to go down the slide. Her cousin Lucy didn't seem to approve very much, crossing her arms disapprovingly like her father. However, Angelina and Lucy's mum Audrey Weasley were too busy reading the article that Rita Skeeter just printed about their extended family. "Oh this is too good," Audrey said, eating a muggle snack she referred to as a granola bar. "She is hysterical . She said that Ginny's abusive and Harry's gay for Viktor. She's really grasping at straws here isn't she?" "You should've seen her articles during the Triwizard Tournament. She accused Hermione of dating both Harry and Viktor at once," Angelina said. Audrey burst out laughing. "No way? Hermione Granger right?" She nodded, continuing to narrate the article that Rita Skeeter had made up to get herself some more galleons-even if it was complete and utter trash. Wherever there is a red head one may make an educated guess that it belongs to a Weasley, but it is difficult to tell whether it is George (wealthy co-manager of Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes), Charlie (dragon wrangler-still unmarried, why?), or Percy (Head of the Department of Magical Transportation-it's his fault the Floo Network's too busy!). "Well