Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter Ron doesn't like Cormac McLaggen. It's as simple as that. He doesn't like the way that Cormac walked into Quidditch try-outs, thinking that he'd leave as the Keeper (though Ron thought that he was going to be because he's huge ) or the way that he threw a fit when Ron was named Keeper. He doesn't like his ego that's bigger than him or how he's got his friends glaring at Ron whenever he walks into the common room. But he especially doesn't like how Cormac took Hermione to Slughorn's Christmas party. How could she ask Cormac ? Ron was supposed to go with her; she asked him first. He supposes that it may have had something to do with him and Lavender being together but he still would've gone with her. He didn't want them to stop their friendship but Hermione is still upset with him so he's just keeping his distance. But whether or not they went together, it still is bizarre that she went with Cormac McLaggen . It doesn't help that ever since that date he's been acting like more of an arse than ever. Ron is forced to sit there in the Gryffindor common room and stare at Cormac. He's laughing with his seventh year friends and every now and then they'd shout something that would result in Cormac hitting them. Lance Butler had yelled at some point, "Yeah, get it Cormac!" and Ron figured out that they were talking about something that should not be said in a room that currently has first years in it. "Are you deaf mate?!" Seamus says. "What?" Ron turns to Seamus, who looks rather annoyed. "What did you say?" "I said for like the fiftieth time if you've figured out what is the big deal about nonverbal spells," Seamus says. Ron and Seamus agreed to do their DADA homework together. It's uncommon because they'd rather do it with their own respective best friends but Harry's off with Dumbledore and Dean is off with Ginny (Ron was less than pleased to hear about this) and both of them had put off their two foot-long essay about nonverbal spells until the night before so they need all the help they can get. "Sorry mate," Ron says, catching one final glance at the seventh years because Troy Easton is now sputtering uncontrollably at something Cormac said. He looks back at his paper, silently wishing that Hermione would talk to him again because he's only got about three inches done. He says, "And I don't know. They're really useless. Hermione said they aren't as-" "Forget nonverbals," Seamus interrupts. He nudges his head towards the seventh years. "I'm more curious about what's got you so interested in the seventh years' conversation." "It's hard to focus when all I can hear is them yelling about Cormac shagging someone," Ron says, before attempting to focus on nonverbal spells again. Seamus seems a lot more interested. He cranes his neck in his attempt to look at them better. He says, "Think they're talking about Hermione?" Ron drops his quill and looks at Seamus with wide eyes. Hermione didn't shag him. She couldn't have! She's got more self-respect than to spend the night with a prat like Cormac. She's smarter than that. But then again, Ron thought she was smart enough to not go out with him in the first place…. No . She's Hermione Jean Granger, smartest witch of her age. She would never go that far on the first date, let alone go on a first date with an arse like Cormac. "Oh yeah sorry, forgot you fancied her for a second," Seamus says. "I do not-" "I'm not taking that mickey for one second Weasley. Everyone knows you fancy her. I just brought her up because Cormac fancies her too and unlike you, went on a date with her." Ron shakes his head. "I'm with Lavender. You know that." Seamus scoffs. "I also know that you and Hermione need to stop fighting and snog because I have a lot of galleons riding on you two getting together before the end of seventh year. And that may seem like a lot of time but it took you four years to realize she's a girl so-" "Wait you're betting on us?" Seamus nods. "How big is the pool? Who's in it?" He shakes his head but says, "I can't say who's in it and how many people are cause we signed a contract. Someone managed to figure out how to charm the paper, like how Hermione signed the DA paper and I'd rather not cross it. But I can say that whoever wins is going to be rich !" It's one thing to have a few friends jokingly bet on when friends get together. Ron finds that okay but apparently, a lot of people are betting on when he and Hermione are going to get together. Ron isn't entirely sure how to feel about that but it's kind of uplifting to him, knowing that there's so many people that are rooting for them to get together. They may be in it for the money but it's just still nice to think that there's people other than him who thinks he could be with Hermione. "Well back on topic," Seamus says, "you've got to say something to Cormac because he's been acting like a king ever since that party. And personally, you're the only person that could put him back in his place." Ron raises an eyebrow. " Me ?" "Yes you," he says. "Let's review the facts shall we? You reclaimed your spot as Keeper, which made Cormac throw a fit. Then he goes out on a date with the girl that you've practically marked as your territory-" "I did not- " Seamus rolls his eyes. He says, "Well bottom line is, you've got to put Cormac into his place. It's for your own good." " Me ? No," Ron says, shaking his head. "What makes you think I can take down Cormac? He's huge." "You fought against Death Eaters in the Ministry mate. I think you can handle Cormac," Seamus reasons. He's got a point. If he can fight grown wizards trained in the Dark Arts, why can't he take on Cormac? He could barely hold his wand right. Ron casts a glance over towards Cormac. He could easily imagine himself pummeling him, taking him out with spells and hexes because it's doubtable that he could take him down without his wand. He sees Cormac lying down unconscious with perhaps a broken nose or black eye. All the Gryffindors would be cheering for him because no one likes Cormac and then Hermione would come in and- No . He wouldn't be any better than Cormac if he just picked a fight with him. Ron doesn't have good enough reasons to fight him. He hasn't talked to him about the Keeper issue. He doesn't have any actual proof that Cormac's talking inappropriately about Hermione. Besides, it wouldn't be his fight. She's not his girlfriend; she's not even his friend right now. "Wouldn't be right," Ron says, shaking his head. "But-" "I'm not fighting Cormac." He picks up his quill. "End of discussion Seamus." Seamus looks at Ron skeptically but they continue doing their essay together. It goes along fine. They actually manage to get to seven inches but they find they've run out of things to say on nonverbal spells. Ron slightly ponders starting a fight with Cormac just to get out of doing this essay but decides against it quickly. After a while, the younger kids all go up to their rooms because it's getting late. Ron and Seamus manage to get to a foot, resulting in high-fives between the pair. "If we can actually get this done, I think I'll-" Seamus doesn't finish his sentence though because Lance Butler is now standing on a chair on the other side of the common room. He's got a cup raised. What's in it is beyond Ron's knowledge. He says, "Oi! Can I get everyone's attention?" Lance knows that he didn't have to ask that because he got his attention when he stood on a bloody chair. But he asked it and now goes on to say, "I think we should all congratulate my best mate, Cormac McLaggen for shagging with the biggest prude in Hogwarts, Hermione Granger!" "Shit." It's Seamus who says that because while the seventh years and a few fifth and fourth years who want to be cool cheer, Ron stands up. Seamus tries to go after Ron because Seamus didn't actually think he'd do this but Ron's on a mission. Ron may be rather dim compared to others but he knows that Cormac McLaggen is a dead man. No one talks like that about Hermione in Ron's presence and gets away with it. "What do you want Weasley?" Gary Fultz asks, taking a sip of his own drink. "He's probably upset about Granger," Lance says. Troy hits Cormac in the chest. He says, "You're with Brown. Good job by the way on that. Granger was free game. Cormac did nothing wrong." He starts laughing with his friends as Ron stops dead in his tracks because all he could see is Cormac on top of her and all he could hear is Hermione begging for it. But then he remembers what girl and what guy he's thinking about and he remembers that it's all lies. Hermione can get anyone but he knows that she'll never go for two people: him and Cormac. "Only thing I did wrong was take her in Sluggy's office," Cormac says with a smirk on his face. He takes a long sip from his cup. "It's always the smart ones who are the wild ones. I couldn't keep her off me." "Liar," Ron spats. Cormac raises an eyebrow. "You calling me a liar, Weasley?" "Stop talking about her like that and maybe I will because there is no way that Hermione would even shag you. She wouldn't even snog you. Hell, she wouldn't even give you a peck on the cheek," he insists. "Why are you defending her?" Cormac sets his cup down on a nearby table. "You got with Brown. I picked up the broken pieces of the heart you broke. So out of the two of us, which one of us is really the bad guy?" Broken heart? Ron couldn't have broken her heart. She doesn't even like him. She hates him. Why would she cry over a bloke like him? He's not worth her time-and neither is Cormac. "Just stop talking about her like she's just some slag because she isn't. She's amazing and smart and deserves so much more than either of us. She could have Krum or Harry so there's no way in hell that she'd give herself to you of all people." Cormac chuckles and says, "Then why was she coming for me at that party?" Ron stands there frozen for a few seconds. Cormac just smirks at his frozen face and turns to his friends. He says, "Look guys, he doesn't have anything to say. He's still in denial that Hermione may like someone that isn't him. Well guess what Weasley? She's into me and I was in her." That's it. Ron punches Cormac in the face and tackles him to the ground, breaking a table in the process. He hits Cormac everywhere he can and yells at him that he's a liar. Cormac's hitting back too and it hurts a lot, making him wonder if he's even causing any damage to Cormac but it doesn't matter how much pain he's in because if it means that he can cause the slightest pain to Cormac it's worth it. "FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT!" Lance begins chanting. The fifth and fourth years join in too because this is the most excitement in the common room since ever. Cormac manages