This was my submission for this year's Dramione Remix over on lifejournal. My remixed couple was Tintin and Captain Haddock. Connaisseurs will know, which adventures I remixed and which characters I used. Let me know what you think or if you need more Information regarding the remixed characters. Enjoy Prisoners of Ancient Spells Chapter 1 The Yoth-K'nyan-Ryleh steamrolled and pounded through the waves, the spray coming up to where Hermione stood at the bow, watching the angry sea. It was no use, she thought. It was better to go back inside. Turning her back to the grey mass rolling, spreading to the dark horizon, she pulled herself slowly, hand over hand on the inside railing, to the next door. Even with her firm grip on the metal bars, the storm managed to make her slip and roll over the deck. On all fours, waves washing over her and pulling her to the portholes, which would mean her instant death when she hit the open ocean, she somehow crept back to the wall and held on for dear life. Two more metres, which took a felt half an hour and she'd reached the door, wrenched it open with superhuman strength, due to her desperation, and slipped inside. With a relieved sigh, she sunk against the solid metal, which separated her from the elements trying to do her in. If she weren't as rational as she was, she would have actually believed there was a purpose for the raging sea. Picking herself up off the floor, she shook the water out of her hair and stumbled against the rocking ship to her cabin to change out of her drenched clothes. Crookshanks lay spread out on her bedspread. He may have changed his outer appearance to a white fox-terrier, to prevent his mistress from leaving him behind on her journey, but the lazy, clever half-kneazle/cat was still in there. He raised his head briefly, as if to acknowledge her entry, and lay back down again, sighing. "Please, don't get up or give me a helping hand. I insist. I can quite manage by myself. I have only been almost blown overboard," Hermione remarked drily. The dog on her bed whipped his head over to her once more, alarmed by her sarcastic voice, but when he saw her making her way to the bathroom stall her little cabin afforded, swaying back and forth due to the ship's lurching, he blinked, once, and reclined once more with a huff. Lurching ships were not his thing and he'd rather reclined without distraction, thank you very much. With her usual efficiency, Hermione showered, dried and dressed quickly, then left her cabin with a last glance at her familiar. "What kind of dog are you, Crooks? Man's best friend? You will have to improve your habits if you want to make a believable dog," she chided him. He wagged his tail in a lazy greeting once more but didn't bother with any other reaction. "Right", said Hermione and snorted. Then she chuckled. Cat will be cat – and this one was a little seasick. Making her way to the galley, she thought a hot tea would do her good. Being on a freighter, not a cruise ship, the galley was the only comfortable room with a lounge and the cook was everyone's best friend. In addition, the galley was always warm not only because of the cooking but also because the cook had a terrarium in the lounge – he jokingly called her his sea snake – and, since the cook was quite good at his metier, the kitchen was usually filled with some delicious food smell. It wasn't uncommon to find a seaman or two taking a break with a hot soup or coffee and enjoying the cook's company. Hermione was not surprised, therefore, to find another seafarer sitting already on the bench next to the buffet, mulling over a drink with a sour face. "Malfoy," she greeted with a nod in his vague direction. Her relationship with him had been non-existent after the war ended, and only necessity brought them together in the same vicinity now. "Blood-sucking bugbears, it's Granger," he growled back without looking her way. It wasn't obvious whether he was drunk or bad-tempered, but either way, she didn't take it personally. She only needed Malfoy for a single reason because – believe it or not - he qualified. She didn't need to befriend him. And she was quite glad about that fact because friendliness had become a foreign word to Malfoy ever since the war ended. He'd been hit with the Cursing Curse by Dolohov in a last strike revenge for revealing the last Death Eater hideout in exchange for some prosecution leniency. Thus, Malfoy had gotten off lightly, due to being a minor during the war and his family history and his assistance, but life had still not been easy for him. In the end, it didn't really matter whether he'd gotten into the habit of cursing because life sucked or because he was still under the curse. In any case, she didn't blame him for being drunk most of the time, either. She just hoped he would be sober enough to fulfil his purpose when the time came. After a friendly exchange with the collegial cook, Hermione settled with her tea on the other side of the table Malfoy sat on. Two resting seamen kindly had gotten up to make room for her. She'd given them a friendly smile, which had been returned by an appreciative nod, and slid into the space on the bench thus vacated. She was used to people's kind treatment. Being in the news every now and then kept her face in the know like a celebrity. They never remembered why her name and face had been published, a clever magical trick she invented, only that it had been her. And thus, everybody knew her and nobody knew exactly why, except for her ancient war heroism. And Hermione was quite okay with that. Having been the brain behind Harry's success in beating Voldemort had given her more status than she asked for, those years ago. Being able to hide her face in between publications nowadays, to be able to focus and investigate what really interested her , was a blessing. Taking a sip of her tea, she thought of Harry, who was kept in St. Mungo's under strictest observations, he and the other members of his expedition. With a shudder, Hermione recalled her last visit while across from her Malfoy grunted and stared into his cup. "Every day at the same time, Hermione. Just watch, it's almost eleven …" Padma Patil, one of the healers in charge, took Hermione to the locked ward where Harry and his fellows had their beds. The spells Padma used to open the door were partially unknown to Hermione, which was quite a feat, and there was a watchman in addition, but she was aware that such security was necessary. One by one, after their return from South America, the expedition members had been picked off and cast into a death-like sleep. First Ron, then Bill the curse-breaking specialist, then the twins despite their cleverness, Boxley, the photographer, Susan Bones, the anthropologist, Neville Longbottom, the herbologist, and Marcus Flint the muscle and jungle explorer. Hermione remembered how peeved Ron had been about the fact that a Slytherin had to come along, but according to Harry's reports, Flint had been a real help. They had returned, apparently safe and sound, grace to Flint's skills. Until the curse had started to eliminate them one by one. Harry had been the last and, being the last remaining un-cursed expedition member, and being Harry Potter himself, he had the house chock full of Ministry-ordered bodyguards, plus Hermione herself, but to no avail. When they'd heard the usual "zirr" and "cling" in the middle of the night from Harry's highly-watched and magically protected sleeping room, Hermione had known he'd followed his friends into oblivion. Just a few shards of crystal remained in the middle of the floor and the magical artefacts he had brought back had vanished, as usual. All other casualties had had the same circumstances. They'd gone to bed and didn't wake up again, except for eleven o'clock. And all Peruvian treasures were gone. A clock started ringing. "There, wait, on the last ring when the hour is full …," Padma said. So it was. As soon as the eleventh stroke had rung, all nine patients started to gurgle, hiss and writhe in their beds. Since this wasn't the first time the patients seized, protections had been put in place to assure no further harm came to them, but it was a miserable sight: their eyes wide open in fright, their mouths stretched in silent screams, their bodies fighting whatever horrors their minds played them, and no sound but the gurgling of a drowning person and the hissing of a kettle. Hermione bit hard on the back of her fist, taking in every detail of her cursed friends. She still wasn't sure if she should be happy or aggrieved that she didn't go along with them on their expedition, just because her work had held her up. She had been still in the throes of an important project, and Harry, impatient as he was, hadn't wanted to wait for her. Could she have prevented it if she had gone? "And there's nothing you can do, Padma?" she asked. It was a sign of her distress that she asked such an obvious question. Padma shook her head. "Nothing, Hermione. We have absolutely no idea what ails them, and we checked every curse, ailment, jinx, hex, potion, Muggle illness or any combination of it under the sun. There's just no getting through to them and it works like clockwork." "Darn," Hermione pressed out. "If only I'd gone with them …" "No, no, you would lay there, just like them, Hermione. It's better you didn't go." Healer and world-renown researcher whirled around to the new voice entering the room. The watchman must have let her in. She could be very convincing if she wanted to be. "What makes you say that, Luna?" Hermione greeted the younger witch wearily. She had learned long ago that Luna's comments contained a grain of truth but were very hard to understand for normal people. "They found what they were looking for, but it shouldn't have been found. They broke something that should not have been broken." "Yes, that's a very helpful observation," Hermione snapped. She could feel her hair coming to life. Why, oh why did it always have to stand up when she got annoyed? "Could you be more specific? Did they find the spring of magic? Harry said no. He said they only found an abandoned cave with some Peruvian gold treasures. These treasures have been examined and found to be harmless." "No, they found more. And now it's too late to go back. Once it's broken …. When the sun completes its seasonal turn, the contract will be done. All magic will vanish. It will make sure of it." "WHAT?" Hermione and Padma cried at once. "Vanish? Why vanish? Voldemort only triggered some Dark Magic that needed to be undone. What are you talking about?" "No, no, the magic will vanish. We will all be Muggles again. Just like aeons ago. Before they came." Hermione was close to shaking her friend. Her hair standing on end because of her aggravation, she was sure she looked like a troll, and being upset with Luna totally didn't help things. Luna had her uses and she was brilliant when it came to contact of a certain kind, that is, the less scientific and more supernatural kind, therefore, since they lived in the magical world, she was better listened to. Sometimes, however, she simply didn't make any sense to any normal person or witch like Hermione herself. "Luna, please, tell me more. Why