Monday, 12:35pm Peeta has 5 minutes left until his scheduled lunch break, probably enough time for one more call he thinks just as the phone rings. "Ambulance service, how can I help you?" "Cyclists's been hit and run over by a lorry, one of those ones carrying a crane." A gruff voice said to him across the line. Unfortunately in his work on the ambulance switchboard for the London area, cyclists getting knocked off their bike's or run over wasn't an uncommon call. Which was why Peeta was particularly frustrated that Katniss continued to cycle to and from work despite his warnings. ' I wear a helmet, I use the cycle lanes, and I stop at the traffic lights when they're red Peeta!' Katniss would exclaim every time Peeta brought up a cyclist accident that he'd put the call through for at work. He berated himself for being glad that it was lunchtime and that it was very unlikely that this was Katniss. "Can I get your location, sir?" He pauses before responding, "Eh, on Holborn, near the-" another pause, "Chancery Lance underground entrance." Peeta enters the location and goes ahead to dispatch a crew to the location. "Right, thank you, sir. Is the cyclist in a safe location currently? Is he or she still on the road?" he asked calmly, getting ready to fill in further information into the computer form. "I think it's a woman, her top half is still between the wheels." He inserts the details so far. "Can you tell if she is still breathing?" He can hear more people and a slight crackle on the phone line. "Don't know" is all the man says, "someone's tried to talk to her but didn't get no response." Peeta turns the call to emergent, a Red 1 call. "An ambulance is on its way sir, I'm going to keep you on the line and ask you for some more details to help the crew when they arrive." "Yep" the man says, and Peeta wonders if he was involved or if he was just a passer by. "Can you see if the woman is bleeding?" "Yeah, there's some blood under the vehicle. Don't know how much, it's pretty dark under there." "Ok, be sure not to move her, the ambulance crew will be there very soon." Peeta tells the man in his calm demeanour. "Sir, can I ask if you witnessed the accident? Did you see what happened?" "I was across the road, she'd waited at the light in the lane, the lorry was speeding, overtook her and clipped her off the side into the railing and then ran over her. Bike's in pieces." This was exactly what Peeta was afraid of for Katniss. The computer map flashed with the ambulance, they were only yards away from the scene. "Sir, the ambulance will be with you momentarily. I just have one last question, is the driver of the vehicle still at the scene?" "I see the ambulance. Yeah, he's still here, I think he's in shock or something'." Peeta made an extra call out for police attendance at the scene. They'd need to question the driver for reckless driving and endangerment it would seem. He made sure the caller was alright with the ambulance crew and finished the call along with the last of his records. With a sigh he signed out of the system for lunch, pocketing his phone to check in with Katniss. 12:50pm Finnick has his phone in his hand, ready to dial home to check on Annie when control calls in to his radio. 'Doctor requested at scene, Holborn at Chancery Lane' "Dr Odair en route, out" he responds to control grabbing his jacket and zipping up. He tightens his helmet before getting on his assigned motorbike and taking off carefully out of the bay. Knowing the location, he assumes it must be a traffic accident. It's a big road, there's been a few towards that junction before. He can see the ambulance lights on the road a few hundred yards ahead, and can hear the police sirens on the way too. From this distance it looks like a lorry transporting a crane has been involved. Hopefully the traffic is being diverted and there's some sort of protection around the scene and victim. He parks the bike next to the ambulance and leaves his helmet on the seat, checking in at the scene through his radio. He parts the temporary barrier that the police have constructed at the side of the lorry. "Right, kids!" He announces to the ambulance crew and attending police officers, "What we got?" As he looks around he grasps the scene. There's two sets of legs sticking out from between two sets of wheels on the lorry. One are clothed in green trousers and heavy black boots, the other are bare with a set of sports trainers on the feet. The victim. At the side is some twisted metal. "Cyclist versus lorry?" He goes to stand with the second paramedic, Boggs is the name stitched on his uniform. He nods lightly in response, "Witnesses say reckless driving, took the cyclist against the railings, crushing her and the bike, then dragged her under the wheels." Then he points at his colleague currently under the wheels with the cyclist, "I warned Cressida to wait, but she's dedicated to the job. Says she was weakly responsive to light, but it's hard getting a full view of the injuries. We're looking at head, neck, spine and probably a broken pelvis. Her pulse is weak in both feet." He sighs and shakes her head lightly. "Collar's on, but she's weaker, we need to get her out NOW!" comes a voice from under the vehicle. "Pass me the board, we have to take the risk, we won't let her die here!" Finnick admires her strength, he can tell she's a good paramedic. Between them Finnick and Boggs get the board under the lorry carefully to Cressida and help follow her calls to get the woman onto it. "Pull her out now, I can't get a pulse!" The men are swift and the board drags across the tarmac of the road as it comes out, Finnick ready to work on the woman. She's covered in blood as she emerges and they can see it is a worst case scenario of what could have been imagined. But Finnick goes weak at the knees and his own blood drains when the board is out and Boggs leaps into action. The familiar dark braid which is miraculously intact makes him sick to his stomach. It's Katniss. " Shit! " He curses. "What? Dr Odair, what is it?" Boggs manages to get out while working on Katniss. "I know her." He's frozen and can't do his job, which he curses himself for. This doesn't phase Boggs though, nor Cressida who has crawled out from the lorry. She's got some of Katniss' blood on her along with muck from the ground. She's at Katniss immediately, "Dr Odair!" she shouts, getting through to him. He kneels next to them, but can't pull his eyes from Katniss' face. She's got a head injury and bleeding from it at a steady rate into her hair and over her face. Her skin is pale and her eyes are closed. "It's cardiac arrest, I'll start CPR" Finnick finally says, and takes only a single breath before pulling open what's left of Katniss' shirt to gain access to her chest. 1:10pm "Finnick-" Cressida starts, but his shout cuts her off. "No, damn it! Come on Katniss!" Boggs and Cressida have tried to cover her other injuries. They could do with Finnick giving a doctor's view on her pelvis. It's definitely broken, and it needs wrapped immediately to attempt to hold it and minimise any further injury. But the damage wrapping it will do to her legs will be unknown, especially the longer that it's wrapped for. Her dorsal pedis pulses haven't been great as it is, and there will be abdominal bleeding as a result of the break. And then there's potential muscular and nervous damage. Finnick paused a second to check Katniss' pulse at her neck, "It's there, weak, but there – that's a girl, Katniss!" They move quickly after that, Boggs takes over from Finnick at her heart and breathing while Finnick examines her pelvis. He tries to clear from his mind that it's Katniss, who would hate him seeing her in this state of undress, but it's been necessary for her injuries. In fact he can just see her face turning beetroot at the thought. His doctors' hands have a delicate touch over her bones. He makes the decision to stabilise immediately – the trauma team at the hospital will manage with what they've done here at the scene. "Dr Odair, you need to check her chest again, I think she's bleeding." Finnick secures the pelvic wrap, checking it twice before looking up at Boggs who has his hands on either side of Katniss' ribs and his stethoscope around his neck. "No." Finnick says firmly, "We'll get on the move, I can reassess on the way. If it's not … it's not worth the risk on her." Putting in a chest drain at the scene is rare, and Finnick's never actually had to do one. He's dealt with a needle decompression for a pneumothorax, but not a chest drain for bleeding. No-one's ever been that bad before and they would need to be sure that that was the only line of treatment. Finnick can't accept that Katniss is in that danger yet. She's a fighter, she'll fight this. 1:27pm "I've called ahead, the trauma team is prepping for arrival in ten minutes" Cressida calls once they're all loaded into the ambulance, Finnick included, with Boggs driving. "King's College?" Finnick questions. "Yep, it's a little further, but it's the better trauma centre." Boggs replies, navigating the traffic with a police escort. Finnick wonders what rotation Primrose Everdeen is on right now. It's her Foundation Year 1 so it could be anything. He just hopes it's not A&E. Cressida takes over in the back with the main monitoring and care of Katniss. Finnick is able to hold her hand, but he sits silently for the journey. / "Red phone, adult female trauma, ten minutes." The speaker phone rings out throughout the department, and Prim knows it's her time for some of the action. This is her second week on this rotation and she's yet to have a chance at a trauma call. "Right Dr Everdeen, with me." Dr Paylor calls to her over the corridor, walking over to a cubicle to prepare it for the arrival. Prim follows obediently waiting for further instruction. It's all so busy in the cubicle, filled with nurses and a few doctors sorting the necessary equipment and getting the bed ready. Dr Paylor has started readying the team for this trauma, when she calls on Prim. "Dr Everdeen, you'll observe me at first, pay attention to the handover from the paramedics, there was a doctor at the scene, he might choose to stay and lead the call. You can observe him as well if he does." Prim nods along eagerly, thinking of what it could be. It's ambulance transport and was fairly close. It could be an RTA, but it's just one patient so probably not. She looks around for the specialists who are here, and is surprised to see it's a lot. The only one she knows well is Dr Coin, the neurology specialist that she'd shadowed for a few weeks in medical school Once everyone is briefed for the call, Dr Paylor comes back to Prim's side. "It's going to be busy, alright, observe closely but just make sure you're not in the way of anyone. If someone asks you to do something and you can do it, go ahead. But if you're not comfortable or it's a procedure you haven't