AN: I want to thank my wonderful wonderful Beta (ILoveWriting1996) who took my first draft and shaped the story into exactly what I wanted it to be to tell the story I wanted to get over. If you are affected by any of the content of the story please don't hesitate to contact me if you want to discuss anything. As usual, I own none of the characters of The Hunger Games "Good morning, beautiful," Peeta greets as he snuggles in close to me, caressing my stomach. I feel his breath dance on my skin. I peer at the bedside clock and know we won't be having any romantic time today. Normally I work in the afternoons and am used to leaving work at closing, but not today. The morning shift has allowed my afternoon to be free which is a nice change. "Peeta …" I moan, "Not now. I have to get ready for work." He smiles against my skin and gently kisses my shoulder. "I was talking to our daughter. But good morning to you, too," he informs, his hands moving freely over my abdomen. I'm 15 weeks pregnant and starting to show, but not too obviously though. I can still fit into my uniform of a white shirt and pencil skirt – well barely. The skirt is verging on too tight, and I'd be lying if I said I don't undo the buttons and zip at the back to get more comfortable while I'm sitting down at the desk. "It could be a boy, Peeta. Then how will he feel when you're calling him 'our daughter'? You can't start the confusion now!" I playfully suggest before pushing the covers back and getting up. Peeta has a rare day off from the bakery and therefore stays in bed as I eat breakfast before taking my lunch from the fridge and putting it in my bag. After showering I dress in my uniform, not even bothering to button and zip my skirt. "Just buy a bigger skirt," Peeta suggests from the bed when he sees me walking around with it open and hanging loosely from my hips. It's more comfortable than sucking in all the time, not to mention the buttons threaten to ricochet every time I even attempt to fasten them. Ignoring his comment I gather my things into my bag while slipping on my low heels and finally fastening the skirt. "I'll see you later," I say before kissing him goodbye as he lays sprawled in our bed. "I love you!" I add as I walk out of our bedroom and to the front door. "You too!" he shouts as I'm about to leave. I just smile to myself and close the door. I work as a teller at the smallest branch of the Bank of Panem in the city. I'm not sure why it's even open when there are larger branches 4 and 5 blocks away. However there is still a steady flow of customers so we must be doing something right. I'm 15 minutes away when I get a text from Haymitch Abernathy, one of the bank's managers, stating that he 'can't quite make it in for opening time' , which is not atypical of him. It's a miracle he's in employment with his alcoholism. The big bosses haven't spotted it yet, but it's no secret in our branch or with our district manager Effie Trinket. My colleague Lavinia is already in along with Effie, who opens everyday, when I arrive. We get to work quickly and the day starts to pass by. I sit at my desk calculating currency on the computer when Haymitch stands in front of me. "Have you finished verifying the legality of the documents I put on your desk earlier?" he asks in a slothful manner. "Effie's badgering me for them because of Snow." The smell of alcohol radiates from him. It's no wonder Effie is always riding his back. I do love the ill-mannered drunk though. He trained me in my position from the start and taught me everything I know. The last thing I want is for him to lose his job over his everlasting hold on the bottle. "I finished them," I confirm, taking their folder from the top drawer and handing it to him. He takes it and turns to leave. "Haymitch?" I say, stopping him in his tracks. He gives me a look, "What?" I rummage in my bag then slide a pack of gum to the edge of the desk towards him. He glances at it with humor, "Trying to tell me something, sweetheart?" "Yes." I say. "Get yourself together, before you lose your job. But if you can't do that, then at least don't broadcast your problems to the workplace by smelling like you just stepped out of a bar." "I did just step out of a bar," he retorts with a grin and animated expression. He takes the gum off the desk and pops a piece into his mouth, then turns and walks away. I check the clock as I finish balancing coins and checks, I put them in the cash drawer and see that my shift has mere minutes left. Johanna Mason comes into the bank to take my place and I hastily zip and fasten my skirt before standing and gathering my things. "Hi, Johanna," I greet when she stands by the desk. "Katniss," she says almost as if she's annoyed. She takes a seat once I've moved out of her way. "See you tomorrow," I say as I prepare to leave. "Bye," she replies in a rather dry tone. I have a dry speaking voice myself, sometimes monotone, but the way she speaks often has more to do with her perpetual mood than anything else. I exit the building and begin my journey to the bus stop. The street isn't as busy as I would expect for this time of day, but when I hear heavy footsteps behind me I reach into my coat pocket for my mace. Thinking back for a second, I had heard the loud footsteps as soon as I'd left the bank but didn't pay any heed to them. With a quick glance I see a hooded man. I hasten my stride to see his reaction. He matches the pace and I realize my mace is not in my pocket. Instead I reach to my bag for my nunchucks. Before I can retrieve them, I feel my body being slammed against the wall of a brick building. I grab at his hands as he covers my mouth. I kick and scream to no avail, my shoe falling onto the sidewalk as he pulls me into an alley. I stomp as forcefully as I possibly can in hopes of injuring his feet as I dig my elbow roughly into his ribs. "Arghh," he grunts in pain. I jab my hands harshly at his face and feel for his eyes. When I find them I press firmly with my fingers. My assailant yells in anger before turning me to face him and throwing me to the ground. "Somebody help me! Ple … ," he pulls my back to him by my leg with a tight grip and covers my mouth as I try to get away. He flips me onto my back and straddles me. I take my hand and am about to strike his nose with the heel of my palm, only he's already removed a blade from his pocket and slices my exposed collar bone. "Ahhh!" I cry in agony as blood rolls down my shirt. He puts his hand over my mouth, stifling my screams, and holds his knife to my throat using his weight to hold my body in place. My heart pounds wildly against my chest as my mind is wracked with terror when I feel my baby moving inside of me for the first time. He uses his knee and shoves my legs apart as his free hand roughly hikes up my skirt. I scratch, push, claw, and whatever else my hands can do as he gropes my bare thighs. I bite the inside of his hand and he releases it from my mouth in pain. "Get off me!" I scream. "Help!" I go silent when he punches me in the mouth. I don't feel it but I can taste the blood. "Shut up," he hisses into my ear, drawing his knife above my left eye. "Or I will slice you up, starting with your pretty face." Blood oozes from the corner of my mouth and he pushes my skirt to my hips. Tears burn in my eyes when his hand glides across my underwear. "Please don't do this. I'm...," I splutter and begin to choke on blood. The man removes the knife from near my face and swiftly plunges it into my arm. "Ahhh!" I yelp, shrieking in pain. "I said, shut up!" He growls, ripping the thin fabric that is my underwear from my body. He's quick in his actions, unzipping his pants and shoving his manhood into me carelessly and painfully. I become numb and everything seems to come to a standstill. Time, the air, my heart - everything except him. When he is done violating me, he slips out of me and zips himself back up before taking the knife from my arm. "Good girl," he says snidely, brushing his hand against my cheek. He stands, opens my bag, takes the few bucks that I have from my wallet, and bolts around the corner. I remain frozen on the ground, my skirt still high around my hips, exposing the most private part of my body with my underwear in shreds at my feet. A single tear rolls down my cheek as I lay there, numb and unable to move. I don't know how long I've been in the revolting alley when I suddenly hear a voice coming closer and closer. My sanity caves when I feel a hand on my shoulder. I shoot up to a sitting position and grab the person, hitting and swinging at them ferociously, tears streaming. My mind doesn't register who it is, but I don't care. Only when I hear them say my name do I open my eyes and become less erratic. "Katniss! Katniss! Stop, Katniss," the person says as they take hold of my wrists. I recognize the voice first and only see that it is Johanna when my vision becomes clear. I crumble, my body collapsing against her and I cling to her with a cast iron grip. My body is overcome with sobs as I let out a gut wrenching cry. Johanna holds me tightly and smooths my hair. "What happened, Katniss?" she questions. "What happened?" She cups my face in her hands and stares into my eyes. "He…he…r-raped me!" I wail before falling into her bosom. Johanna takes her cell phone from her pocket and dials 911. "Hello! A woman in her early twenties has been raped." She pauses before continuing. "We're on 12th Avenue. Hurry, she's bleeding!" She hangs up the call, puts my shoe that she had apparently picked up off the sidewalk onto the ground, and takes off her coat. She stuffs it between my legs to soak up the blood that's running down my thighs before pulling me to her and rocking my body in her arms. It isn't long before we hear sirens. Johanna lets go of me and rushes to the street. Tires screech to a halt and Johanna returns with four police officers and three paramedics. They roll a gurney through the trash filled alley and stop when they get to me. The police question Johanna as the paramedics lift me onto the gurney. I feel the rapist's fluids slide down the inside of my thigh as the paramedics put a thin sheet over me to cover my body. I feel sick and want to vomit as I think about