AUTHORS NOTE Hey - welcome to my second FanFic story. This one isn't linked to Jane Doe at all, even though there are similarities in subject matter (very vaguely). I've been writing this for over a week, but I really wanted to be thorough with it so held back a while from publishing it. As the title suggests there will be 3 chapters, I'm almost finished the second, so I'm hoping the whole story will be uploaded by the end of Jan. =) Oh, and I'm like 95% sure all characters are pretty much OOC! Just a little warning - the topic (not to spoil it for you, but I will say it's miscarriage) is of very sensitive nature, just so you know before reading Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games characters, those belong to Suzanne Collins Two weeks. Just two weeks of happiness had been all they'd gotten from the first before it ended. She finally twigged after being around 4 weeks late and being filled with nausea for the past several weeks. And she was delighted when she realised her suspicion was most likely correct – they'd been trying for 5 or 6 months and they'd finally created the happiness they'd been after. They'd been married just over a year at the point, and were still young, just 22, with fresh degrees in their hands – both of them were very much wanting to have children young. She let it sink in for a day before speaking to Peeta. She got in from work before he did, so she waited patiently on the couch trying to decide the best way to tell him the possibility of a baby being on the way. "I'm home" he shouted as he opened the front door, and a smile automatically struck her face, "Hey" she called back, "listen, I have something to tell you" she continued, he began to look a little confused, "I don't think we should take that holiday in the summer, neither of us have that much vacation time" she said to him, trying not to burst with the news she was about to break, "Really? You were looking forward to it last week" he replied to her, she nodded before speaking "It might be best to save the vacation time for later, I hear babies need a lot of looking after just after they're born" she looked up directly to his eyes after finishing, his face was a mix of shock and joy, "Are you?" he questioned, "Are you really?" She let out a little laugh, "I haven't done a test, but I'm sure, I'm really late and my stomach's-" she doesn't get to finish her sentence before he's rushed to her, picked her up and spun her around. They laugh and share love between them before they call the doctor's office and make an appointment for the next day. And they definitely are. The joy on both of their faces as the doctor says the word "Congratulations" to them quite soon into their visit. They find out many things, she's almost 10 weeks gone and they are both surprised, thinking it was much earlier, and they learn about prenatal vitamins and things to take note of and things which should and shouldn't be done during pregnancy. After they leave they decide to wait until 12 weeks before telling anyone, and once they get to that point it will be their parents first – so they call up both sets and arrange a lunch for just over two weeks' time, just after they leave the first trimester. The first few days are bliss, with Peeta doting on her constantly, but they soon settle into their regular routine again, going to work and then coming home to each other and spending time with each other. Normally they'd spend a few evenings a week with friends, and often a day at the weekend, but they don't. They don't want to accidentally say anything. It's the last day of the first trimester it happens. Just two days before their lunch with their parents. Katniss hadn't been feeling 100% all day, she stayed home from work when her morning sickness overtook her for a few hours in the early hours of the day, and Peeta promised he'd come home for lunch to see how she was feeling, it was quite lucky he did. By midmorning Katniss was able to get out of bed and have some toast, it was then she felt a little tense across her lower abdomen. She gently massaged it and went back to tidying up the bedroom a bit before heading back to the kitchen to make soup for Peeta for lunch. It was just starting to boil when a pain struck her across her whole lower abdomen, she felt herself bend at the middle and clutched to the edge of the countertop to keep herself up. Her knees began to weaken and she hastily turned off the stove before allowing herself to slump on the floor and moan out in pain. The pain and tension now felt like cramping and she feared immediately what was happening. She whispered soft words to their young unborn child, begging it to be alright, providing comfort. She let her tears fall almost silently, but let out a scream of pain when she tried to stand to reach the phone – she'd have to wait for this to end or for Peeta to come home. Ten minutes later her worries were confirmed when she could tell she had started to bleed. She didn't need to look to know what it was, and she knew now that the inevitable couldn't be stopped. So her shield went up and her eyes glassed over and she lost all sense of space and time. Peeta arrives home before 1pm, "Katniss?" he calls out, not too loudly, but she manages to hear it from her spot on the kitchen floor. She can't bring a response out from within her, so she remains quiet on the floor. She can hear him trying to quietly go up the stairs and opening their bedroom door. When he sees the room is tidy and the bed is made he rushes through the upper floor of their house before heavily running back down the stairs. He gasps in horror at the sight of Katniss huddled on the kitchen floor, hands covering her stomach, legs held tight together, head leaning back on the cabinet, eyes glazed with unshed tears, he kneels next to her "Katniss, baby?" he softly comforts her, she snaps out of it as soon as he speaks, and her tears fall over her cheeks, "I think-" she chokes on her words, "Cramping … bleeding …" she trailed off a little and he understood what was happening, they were losing their baby. He was unsure what to do, take her to hospital? Call their doctor? Let what's happening happen naturally on its own time? He strokes her head and tries to soothe her, but he feels like his heart is breaking – they wanted this baby so much, but they're young, there's plenty of time, "It'll be ok Katniss, we'll be ok" he whispers gently to her, making a snap decision to call the doctor, who asks him to take her to the emergency room and get an ultrasound right away, the call ends with the doctor sending apologies their way and him giving a brief thanks before hanging up. He manages to pick Katniss up and take her upstairs, quickly changing her from her pyjamas which have been stained by blood – not much, but noticeable enough. He packs a quick bag and helps Katniss downstairs to the car, "I'm sorry, Peeta" she sobs as she sits down with a painful expression on her face, "I'm so sorry" she says again as he gets into the driver's side, "Don't be Katniss, don't apologise, you did nothing wrong, I promise you that" he tells her while he drives almost on autopilot, not wanting to breakdown. They don't have to wait long, he holds her close with his arm and she rests her head on his shoulder while they do, her face morphed into a permanent expression of pain and her hands wrapped on her stomach. When they go through the nurse asks them some general questions, she manages to get out everything that had happened that day and lets the nurse know that they should be 12 weeks tomorrow. The nurse just nods and gets on with carrying out the ultrasound. It's silent throughout the procedure, no sound of a beating heart, and it's confirmed to them both that they've lost the baby. The nurse takes some measurements and lets them gently know that the growth is showing about 11 weeks, it breaks them both that their little one has been gone for almost a week now and it's just at this point they're finding out. She gives them some guidance and gets Katniss taken up to the maternity department where there are specialist midwives to provide care. It's here where they really start to take in what has happened, and they break down into tears in each other's arms once they're in the private room they've been assigned, where many others before them have gone through the same dreadful experience. Shortly after their arrival, Katniss finds her waters have broken, leading to another round of fresh sobs; it just brings the reality closer to them. They'll have to face it soon, no matter how much they want this and the pain to just go away and leave them in peace and happiness. The midwife gives them the options, though Katniss feels so weak, she doesn't honestly think she can make a decision, so Peeta has to do it. He knows he needs to think about what Katniss would want, but he wants the one which will cause least pain, and he knows to make that choice soon, she's writhing in pain on the bed, tears streaming down her expression of terror. They're able to give her some more pain relief while Peeta decides, the midwives say they've got time, Peeta doesn't see how, but he'll let himself believe them. The medicine is able to calm Katniss down, and she begins to drift off to a slightly restless sleep. He decides he must make a call – to Katniss' mother. She's a nurse, and even though they didn't tell anyone about the pregnancy to start with, they must do so now in these terrible circumstances. The phone rings a few times before she answers, "Hello?" she says, pleasantly unaware of the nature of the call, "Hi Mrs Everdeen, it's Peeta" he says, trying to keep his voice steady as he speaks to her, "Hi Peeta dear, how are you?" he can't lie to her, he's able to stretch the truth a little, but this would be too large a stretch. "Not good, if I'm honest" he can feel his voice about to crack, "Peeta, what's going on?" Mrs Everdeen firmly says into the phone, she's good in emergencies, in times of panic, it's when her nurses training kicks in. "It's Katniss" he manages, "we're at the hospital" he takes a few breaths, she's giving him the space to let her know on his own time, "she's … she's having-" he stumbles, "-a miscarriage" he's able to get out. He can hear the deep breathing on the other end of the line, "Oh Peeta" Mrs Everdeen says eventually, "How is she?" he's not quite sure how to respond, he could only say she's terrified and in pain and he doesn't know how to stop it. "She can't make the decision, I have to do it, I don't know what she'd want, I just don't want her to be in so much pain" his voice eventually cracks and he finds a few escaped tears have reached the bottom of his chin.