A/N: This is the second installment in "The Mellon Chronicles" series. 'Captive of Darkness' is preceded by 'Tears Like Rain. Whilst this story can be read alone, 'Tears Like Rain' is a beautiful read and I highly recommend reading it. DISCLAIMER: The Mellon Chronicles is the complete fanfiction works of Cassia & Siobhan. I make no claim to them and The Lord of the Rings and its respective plot is copyright of the great J.R.R. Tolkin. The works posted here are purely for the enjoyment and remembrance of fans. Thank you, Ralinde* Captive Of Darkness Summary: The second story in The Mellon Chronicles . When young prince Legolas is sent as an envoy to a neighboring kingdom, things quickly go from bad to worse when treachery rears its ugly head. There are dangerous and deadly things going on in the seemingly innocent realm of Dorolyn and it is up to Legolas and a mysterious stranger to sort things out before an evil more dark than they could begin to imagine is unleashed upon an unsuspecting land. Notes: Author(s): Cassia Category: Drama, Adventure, Angst, Hurt/Comfort, Mystery, Horror, etc. Spoilers: I don't think so. Disclaimer: Middle Earth and all recognizable characters such as Legolas, Thranduil and etc. are the exclusive property of JRR Tolkien. All others belong to me (although in this story I'm not sure I want to claim most of them, the jerks...=D). I have no official permission to use these characters or places, but I'm not being paid for it either, so that's okay. Feedback: Yes Please! Time Frame: Somewhere near the beginning of the Third Age. Legolas is about 100 years old (which is young yet for an elf. I don't really know how elf ages run, but I see him as being equivalent to somewhere between 16-19 years old by human standards). ****WARNING!**** This story contains acts of violence, torture and one instance of implied rape. Nothing is handled in a graphic manner, but if the idea of it bothers you at all, PLEASE DO NOT READ THIS STORY! Note: This story takes place in the beginning of the Third Age not many hundreds of years after the Last Great Alliance of Men and Elves. At this time the Silvan realm of Mirkwood was known as Greenwood the Great because the creeping darkness of Sauron, under the guise of the Necromancer, had not yet spread its foul stain upon that region. Because Greenwood/Mirkwood is best remembered by its later name that it held near the end of the Third Age and at the time of the great War of the Ring, it shall hereafter be referred to as Mirkwood, even though at the time this story took place it would have still been known as Greenwood the Great. ~*PART ONE*~ ~The Treachery of Men~ "Come out, come out wherever you are..." the tall, burly man said tauntingly, as if calling to a stray cat in need of a beating. The fellow was swarthy, with dark hair pulled back and hidden beneath a sturdy helm. In his fist he clenched a long, thick broadsword that weighed as much as a small child. Walking warily at his heels was a huge black dog with fangs like a worg. The fair-haired elf who hid in the tree above was the polar opposite of the brutish man who hunted him. Slender and agile, the young elven prince crouched low to the branch he rested lightly upon, absolutely motionless save for the wafting kiss of the breeze stirring his long golden locks. Watching the large man pacing warily below, Legolas wrinkled his nose in distaste and made a face at the man's stupidity. Did he actually *expect* the elf to just come out and say: "Here I am! Oh please, won't you kill me"? "Better show your face boy, or it'll be worse for you when I get my hands on your scrawny, skulking neck!" the man raged, his short supply of patience waning quickly. The fact that this fellow, who could not have been more than 50, was calling Legolas a boy was ironic. Although by elven standards it might be almost true since the young prince was but a mere one hundred years old, he still was at least twice the age of his would-be captor. Legolas checked off another mental notch for this man's diminished intelligence, although he supposed it was a common enough mistake for the ignorant to make. Legolas held perfectly still. It was not this one man he was worried about, but the scores and scores of men and dogs all around who filled the woods, searching for him. Perhaps it was almost harder to avoid the dogs, whose natural abilities of smell and instinct made them more difficult to fool than their less sensitive masters. Sent as an envoy for his father Thranduil, the Elvenking of Mirkwood, the young prince had responded to a message from King Melèch, ruler of the men of Dorolyn. Dorolyn lay to the far northwest of Mirkwood, at least ten days distant. King Melèch's message had spoken of a vague threat creeping towards their two kingdoms and requested an envoy come to arrange a neutral meeting ground between the two realms to discuss news of the unknown danger. Although a certain amount of wariness hung between the two kingdoms, the elves had no reason to distrust the men of Dorolyn, who had been their allies in the last great alliance of men and elves not so too many hundreds of years before. Therefore it was without much misgiving that King Thranduil dispatched his son to act as his representative in this matter. However, when Legolas and his two companions arrived in the halls of the human king, it was a traitorous welcome that greeted them. The elves that had traveled with Legolas were now dead and the prince mourned their passing in his heart, saddened by the shameful shortening of immortal lives. He had barely escaped with his own life intact. For hours now he had been forced to play a kind of cat-and-mouse game with the soldiers of Dorolyn. They had already lost many men to his swift arrows, but now the elf's quiver was empty and he had been forced to abandon his bow in favor of one of his long, white handled knives. Elves were very good at not being seen when they didn't want to be, but with the number of searchers increasing by the moment it was becoming more and more difficult to remain hidden and escape seemed an ever more remote possibility. The man below Legolas was Dagred, captain of King Melèch's guard. When he finally moved on, the elf remained still a few moments longer before dropping lightly to the ground and taking flight once more. He had to get out of here. He had to get back to his people and report the treacherous threat that King Melèch had become. Legolas' swift legs moved with urgent speed, hastened even faster than usual by the knowledge that the enemy which pursued him had in mind not only his own death, but the cold-blooded murder of his father as well. The very thought was too dark and horrible to consider, but he knew it was true, he had heard it with his own ears. It was that knowledge, which Melèch had never wanted him to have, that had turned this whole situation disastrous in the first place. A dog suddenly started howling loudly and a few moments later an arrow zinged by the elf's head. Legolas dodged, swerving to the left. The swift barrage that followed required all the elf's skill and agility to avoid. The dog's baying was quickly turned into a chorus as other animals took up the chase. "Over there! Stop him!" the cry was raised and Legolas pushed his legs faster, preferring flight over battle when the odds were so overwhelmingly against him. Three men stepped out of the trees ahead of him, swords drawn. Catching the tree limb above his head, Legolas swung up and kicked one of the men in his chest, knocking him back into his companions. Landing sure-footed like a cat, Legolas' knife flashed in his hand as he twirled and sidestepped the men's attack, his long hair flying about him as he spun and slashed. A pair of vicious, snarling dogs barked at the elf's heels and Legolas had to dodge them as well. One man fell to the earth, dead, and another pulled back, clutching his arm. One of the dogs jumped, attempting to sink his razor sharp fangs into Legolas' arm. The elf flicked his wrist at the last moment, catching the snarling beast upon the point of his blade so that the creature's own rush became its undoing. At that moment, ten more soldiers arrived on the scene and things quickly became more difficult. Legolas knew he could not fight numbers like this alone for long. Giving way slowly, he sought only the chance to break from the skirmish and flee. Seizing the first opportunity that presented itself, the young prince clamped his knife in his teeth and swung up into the tree nearest to him. Running along a branch above his assailants' head, he leaped to the next tree, and the next, traveling with an almost feline grace and ease. Captain Dagred, once more on the scene, swore with terrible oaths as he and his men took up pursuit. "Let's bring this squirrel down men!" he shouted. "But don't shoot to kill, King Melèch wants the troublemaker alive!" Legolas traveled swiftly through the trees, swinging and jumping with more skill than any monkey and running lightly across limbs that should not have been able to bear his weight. His balance was excellent and somehow he managed to avoid most of the whistling arrows aimed his direction as well... most, but not all. One humming shaft came too close and barely avoided piercing the elf's right arm. Instead it tore through the sleeve of his long green tunic, cutting a painful groove in the flesh across the side of his upper arm. For a moment Legolas' balance wavered as the pain and suddenness of the wound made him falter. His feet slipping on the thin branch, he slid, but caught himself in time to leap to the next tree, his heart pounding. He was trying to outdistance his pursuers, but when more soldiers arrived from the opposite direction, the elf had to change his course abruptly and the possibility of losing them began to dwindle perilously. A loud, shrieking caw and a flutter of ebony wings was the only warning Legolas had before a large hunting falcon swooped down at him. The large, dangerous birds were raised by the men of Dorolyn for sport and hunting and Legolas had just become their prey. The large bird swooped down, its beak jabbing and its sharp talons extended. Legolas had just enough time to throw his arm up over his eyes to protect them from the bird's pecking thrusts, but the beast's tri-tipped talons caught his face, laying three painful, but shallow scratches across his cheek. The suddenness of its attack and the weight of its body slamming into him made Legolas stagger, throwing off his balance. The falcon flapped wildly around the elf's head, pecking and clawing as it beat at him with its powerful wings. Legolas struck at the bird swiftly, keeping his arms up to protect his head and face from the attack. The falcon was unusually hard to defend against as it moved and fluttered with furious agility and grace and the elf's precarious position did not help. Losing his footing, Legolas tumbled from his perch, only catching himself at the last moment and managing to land mostly on his feet in a low crouch. Instantly, three of the dogs were on him. One caught Legolas' forearm in its teeth and tried to yank him to the ground. It succeeded