Title: Eyes On Fire Rating: T for now, later so changing into M. Warnings: Smut (Graphic sex scenes), Coarse Language, Violence, Mature Themes. Summary: Fem!Percy/Apollo. "I'd rather be in Tartarus with you than in Elysium without you." Rachel Elizabeth Dare isn't the Oracle of Delphi. Persephone Jackson, the daughter of Poseidon, is. And for the first time of his life Apollo truly regrets that his Oracle has to remain a virgin forever, because all he ever wanted to do with Percy, since the time they met, was to throw her over his shoulder and carry her to his bedroom. But well, maybe she can help him find a loophole in those rules. M because of lemons, language, and all that stuff. Genre: Romance / Drama. Author's Note: So here it is. The story about Fem!Percy and Apollo that I've promised you. Oh my gosh, I hope you'll like it, because I've grown very fond of it. It's become like my personal baby to me, haha. I'm already a few chapters ahead, so I hope I'm able to update weekly for you. :) Also, you can see on my profile the links leading to the cover, the banner, and the polyvore site where I'll create Percy's outfits, what she's wearing and so on. Just to sort out any misunderstandings: The first three chapters are going to involve the getting to know each better between Percy and Apollo, going through some important moments in the books so I can establish contact and feelings between them. And I'm going to stray away from canon every now and then, because after the first three chapters it's gonna be quite AU, I can tell you as much. And yes, Percy is sixteen by the time The Titan's Curse is happening. That means that she was fourteen, not twelve, when she got into camp. This has a really simple reason: By the time she would get together with Apollo, she'd be sixteen. And I would not feel very comfortable when writing about a sixteen year old girl getting all sweaty and naughty with an Olympian god. So she's going to be eighteen when The Last Olympian ends. Well, I think that was pretty much my speech. Please let me know what you think, okay? Reviews feed my muse and inspiration, so updates could come even faster than first thought. Also, I apologize for every grammar and spelling mistakes, but English just isn't my native language. EYES ON FIRE CHAPTER ONE they met in december blue jeans, white shirt walked into the room, you know i made your eyes burn i was like james dean, for sure i'm so fresh to death and sick as ca-ca-cancer i was sorta punk rock, you grew up on hip hop i fit you better than your favorite sweater you know that love is mean, love hurts but you still remember that day we met in december, oh baby – requiem for blue jeans, by bastille sometime in the future I t was one of those nights when Apollo couldn't quite find himself to be able to rest. His gaze was on the ceiling above him while his mind was going haywire, thoughts he couldn't shut down circling around in his head. There were always times when he brooded on about the past and the future, which wasn't quite like him. But he thought it was probably due to him being also the God of prophecies. He just wasn't the guy for letting his head lead, he always trusted on his instincts and his heart. Impulsive. Hot-headed. That was what people liked to call him. With a sigh, he sat up in his bed, running a hand through his tousled hair. Of course, gods didn't need any sleep, though sometimes it was just calming to be swept away by it. After a while of sitting, Apollo finally stood up, stretching his muscular arms above his head as he stepped toward the large window that also worked as one of the four walls in the bedroom. The night was warm and quiet, the sea that he saw through the window crashed its waves gently against the shore. He couldn't help but smile in wistfulness. The sea reminded him of a girl with long, dark hair and green-blue eyes that held the whole ocean within them. The girl that he met many, many years ago, the one who'd captured his heart inside the palms of her small hands from the very beginning. Apollo could still feel her, see her, hear, and taste her just by closing his eyes and picturing her in his mind. So when he did exactly hat, Apollo not only saw her behind his closed lids again but he also remembered how everything started many, many years ago. . . . many, many years ago I f Apollo looked back on the elapsed millennia he'd lived through, he would see a lot of horrible and good moments, but the one he memorized the most was the moment he'd had the privilege to meet Persephone Jackson. It was in Winter 2007 when his sister had called him for help. He had already heard of Persephone Jackson, of course – the first and only daughter of Poseidon, the one who had retrieved Zeus's master bolt, the girl who had kicked Ares's ass and his pride, the demi-goddess who'd found the Golden Fleece to heal the camp while also bringing back Thalia Grace in the process of it. The girl had been one of the most discussed topics in Olympus for two years. Apollo himself hadn't met her yet. There just had been no opportunity for it. But it didn't mean that he wasn't curious, because hell yes – he was curious as fuck for Persephone Jackson, the girl who had rattled Olympus pretty good. Everyone who managed to kick Ares's ass was awesome in Apollo's opinion. And then she shot across the god's sky for a third time in Winter of 2007 and this time she not only caught Apollo's attention once again – but held it as well. As Apollo slowly lowered his sun chariot, which was currently in the model of red Maserati sports car, to the ground and immediately saw his sister with her hunters and a small group of demigods and a satyr, he couldn't help cocking his eyebrows slightly. His sister hadn't told him much when she called him – she had just ordered him to move his ass to her camp as fast as possible. He turned off the heat of his solar car, parking on the snowy grass. Once Apollo stepped out of the car, he noticed the perfect circle to which the snow had melted, revealing lush, green grass. " Wow, " he heard a female voice whispering in the background, " Apollo is hot. " He smirked to himself. Of course, he had heard it. Sharp senses came along with being a god. He was able to hear every whispered word in the background, but the demigods didn't need to know that little piece of information. It was probably already more than enough for the poor, little things to be in the presence of two Olympians. His sister was obviously not thrilled to see him again which Apollo honestly couldn't understand. She had called him of her own accord. He was fucking awesome. Naturally, Artemis was upset about the fact that he was calling her little sister again. Apollo knew very well that he was younger than Artemis. She had been born first, but it was just too much fun watching her grimace and getting upset about it again and again – really, he wouldn't call her little sister as often as he did if it didn't annoy her so much. " I need a favor, " Artemis said with gritted teeth. " I have some hunting to do, alone. I need you to take my companions to Camp Half-Blood. " Apollo narrowed his eyes, taking a deep breath without the demigods noticing it. It was true – the air stank of monster. Worry for his sister bubbled up in him; he was aware that Artemis could perfectly take care of herself, but she was still his sister. It didn't make him happy that she wanted to do the hunting all by herself. But he also didn't want to upset the demigods by showing his worry openly, so curled his lips into a blinding smile. " Sure, sis! " He raised his hands, snickering gleefully to himself as he heard the annoyed groans and sighs. " I feel a haiku coming on. " " Green grass breaks through snow. Artemis pleads for my help. I am so cool. " This one was probably his worst haiku. But Apollo had blown it on purpose, so it didn't really matter. By the Fates, he was the god of poetry and he could create poems and haikus much better, but it was glorious to watch everyone around him becoming desperate and annoyed whenever he recited those silly, little haikus. As he'd said – he wouldn't do it so often if it didn't annoy everyone so strongly. " The last line was only four syllables, " Artemis rebuked him. He pursed his lips, looking at his sister with amusement dancing in his eyes. He was very aware of the fact that the last line had been only four syllables, but he didn't have to let everyone know that, right? " Was it? " " Yes, what about: I am so big-headed? " " No, no, that's six syllables, " Apollo grinned and quietly began muttering different adjectives to himself until he found a suitable one. " I've got it! I am so awesome. That's five syllables! " Artemis rolled her eyes and pointed toward the demigods who were standing in slight distance from the hunters. " These demigods will also need a ride. Some of Chiron's campers. " " No problem! " Apollo replied cheerfully, letting his gaze wander over the teens. The girl with the short, black hair and the leather jacket that was too large for her could be no other than Thalia Grace, Zeus' demigod daughter. Her shock blue eyes – like lightning in the night – were the exact copy of Zeus' eyes. " Let's see ... Thalia, right? I've heard all about you. " Thalia blushed to the roots of her short, jet-black hair. " Hi, Lord Apollo. " Apollo hid his amused smirk, knowing that she was the one who had whispered in surprise how hot he was. Not that he could blame her. He knew exactly what kind of effect he had on men and women. " Zeus's girl, yes? Makes you my half sister. " He knew that was probably something she didn't want to hear from him. " Used to be a tree, didn't you? " As he noticed that her expression darkened, he took pity on her. " Glad you're back. " It worked indeed. Her face seemed to brighten a little, and for a moment Apollo thought sadly about Daphne who had turned willingly into a tree to escape from him. " I hate it when pretty girls turn into trees. Man, I remember one time – " " Brother, " Artemis interrupted. Apollo threw her a quick glance, recognizing the silent warning in her eyes. She was right, now wasn't the time to talk about his former lovers. " You should get going. " " Oh, right. " His gaze wandered lazily, almost bored, from Thalia toward the other girl who was standing beside her. Apollo hadn't given her much attention since she'd held herself back quietly, but he knew right away who she was. Her eyes betrayed her, although she wasn't close to him, but again ... sharper senses with being a god and so on. Her eyes were Poseidon's, but the ocean in her orbs was ... more gentle, more vivid. Apollo wondered