To say it was snowy here would be an understatement. It was Alaska after wall. Not even a populated part of Alaska at that, so the portion of landscape currently in my vision was untouched and absolutely breathtaking. A heavy layer of snow blanketed the ground without missing an inch, the only exception being the forests of white spruce trees—which provided a much needed pop of color—and the mountains on the horizon. Even both of those sported heavy piles of snow on top of themselves. The sun was starting to set behind the mountains and it was painting the sky vibrant shades of pink and orange as it descended, the snow reflecting the colors beautifully. The eight of us were running full speed through the snow, making our way toward the boarder of the Denali National Park. My feet were heavy as we ran. I'd made the poor choice to wear canvas shoes and my feet were freezing. We'd come up to Alaska for our cousin, Kate's, wedding and we were currently participating in what my family liked to call a bachelor party. At first I thought they were kidding but Emmett got so excited I knew they were serious. I remembered her husband-to-be, Garrett, from early in my life when my mortality was being called into question by his fiancé's sister, Irina. He'd come to meet me and plea on my behalf so that my family—soon to be his own—weren't slaughtered for no reason and I still appreciated that. Even though the purpose of our trip had been to celebrate Kate's wedding, a lot of focus was also going to Tanya, who had finally found a mate for herself. His name was Fred. He was quiet, but polite and eloquent when he did speak. He has thick, curly blonde hair and towers over most of us. He'll fit in perfectly with Kate and Tanya. His eyes are still a pale crimson tone, starting to be replaced by the golden color the rest of us shared. From the story I got, Fred didn't like interacting with people even as a human so wanting to literally kill them as a vampire made it even more difficult for him; thus making our dietary habits look more appealing. That reclusive behavior manifested as an ability to repel people away from him, similar to Jasper's abilities to induce emotions. If he wanted to be left alone, you'd leave him alone. As soon as Tanya told Alice she was seeing someone, she saw his face. Fred, despite his knowledge, had been created by a woman named Victoria who apparently had it out for my mom. They were vague with me when it came to the specifics but I'm assuming it was bad. Either way he didn't seem to harbor any ill feelings toward us and the past was the past. Garrett and Emmett were leading the way as we ran. Fred and Jasper were following close behind them with Eleazar and my grandpa making up the middle. My dad and myself bringing up the rear. They were all faster than I was and my dad was faster than any of them but he was nice enough to hang back with me so I wasn't totally left out. We came to a tall fence and none of them even hesitated to leap over it, clearing it with no issue. I, however, was not as a strong or as tall so I used it to my advantage. When I jumped, I landed perfectly on the fence and pushed myself off with as much force as I could to launch myself into the dense trees and land between my uncles. I did my best to keep up but I eventually found myself back at a pace beside my dad. "Nice jump," He offered, adding a laugh to his words. "Would've been nicer if I could have at least outdone Fred." I complained. He simply laughed again and we continued. When Fred came to a halt, I was thankful. I think sometimes these people forget how important breathing is to everyone else on the planet. We stopped abruptly and I could immediately smell why. I pushed to the front to get around Emmett's massive body and saw a herd of moose, at least ten grazing in a patch of snow with stubborn grass poking through the surface. "Shall we?" Eleazar asked, patting his brother-in-law on the shoulder. "Enjoy yourselves, boys," Garrett encouraged us, his dark hair pulled back into a loose bun that didn't take anything away from his masculinity. "After all… It is a party." I could hear the smirk in his voice. I wasn't entirely sure what to do. This was my first "bachelor party" and we didn't hunt big game animals like this in Forks very often. Mostly because the biggest animals in our area could tear us apart if they so desired. The rest of the guys, however, needed no further encouragement or instruction. As soon as Garrett's feet kicked up the first bunch of snow, everyone was gone quicker than my eyes could follow. Emmett chose the biggest moose in the arena and pounced, the moose wailing as it was taken down and bitten. Garrett, Fred, and Jasper followed suit with the first moose they came to respectively. Eleazar and Grandpa Carlisle were a little more reserved in their efforts, but they still seemed to be enjoying themselves. I felt a hand on my shoulder and turned to see my dad standing beside me. "I'd hurry," He suggested. "Emmett doesn't take long to move on." "What do I even do? They're huge!" I knew I could take a moose down if I needed to, but the size of those beasts was still intimidating. "Let me show you." He nodded toward the clearing and the two of us took off. He was faster than I—shocking, I know—and I studied each move he made. He tackled one of the moose that was making an attempt to flee and brought it to the ground in seconds, sinking his teeth into a clearly visible vein on the downside of its neck. I looked away from him and chose my target, and went in for the kill. I lunged, my arms not coming close to wrapping around it and we rolled over each other three times before I was on it with my bite secured on its throat. The blood flowed almost endlessly and I wasn't confident in my abilities to finish it off until I felt the blood stop coming. The blood in the moose was richer and almost fresher than the common deer I found myself hunting from time to time. I let the poor animal's lifeless corpse crash into the snow as I stood up from it and looked around. All the moose were dead. There were eight of us and Garrett and Emmett handled the remaining two. After the hunt, I was far more excited about the evening than I originally planned and found myself thoroughly entertained throughout each segment. Whether or not the excitement I was feeling was legitimate or a la Jasper, I wasn't sure. After the moose, we came across two bears and toyed with each of them equally until Garrett led each of them to early graves. He'd given up human blood for Kate but I got the feeling he still missed the thrill of the kill. Several activities later and we were finally on our way to the Denali coven's home. I was exhausted beyond description. There house was only two stories but fairly large. It looks like an ultra modern wood cabin. The roof is angular with black metal protection and huge windows make up a good portion of the front. If they were aiming for privacy they got it in this location, but the light shining out of the windows and onto the snow made their house stick out among the barren landscape. There's a stone chimney that comes up about center that matches the garage that sits at the end of their sloped drive way. The inside was warmer than any of them needed it to be, but I was excited. As we came through the doors, everyone parted to their significant other and I made my way to the fire place without hesitation. My shoes were soaked, as were my socks. I took both of them off and sat only inches from the flame. I knew fire was the one thing that could kill anyone in this house, but as long as no one dismembered me, I'd be fine even if I was set ablaze by a stray spark. "Did you have fun?" My mother's familiar voice asked me as she sat beside me, putting an arm over my shoulder. Any standard two-year-old would embrace their mother when they're cold, but I wasn't a standard two-year-old and she didn't necessarily offer a warm embrace. I came into the world two years ago but I was physically and mentally in my early teens. Grandpa said guessed fifteen. I'd grown a lot my first few months of life, but process had slowed down a great deal. From what we'd learned from Nahuel and his sisters, I'd reach my physical maturity about five years from now. They all appeared to be in their early twenties. "Yes," I replied, leaning away from her. "It was a lot of fun, but I'm freezing." She withdrew her arm and hinted a frown, but I think she understood. I felt bad. Even though I was freezing, I took her hand and we laced our fingers together. It was silent in our area of the room, but I was showing her everything I'd just experienced. A short film filled with moose, bears, revelry, and a lot of good-ole-fashioned male bonding. She laughed when I showed her Emmett fighting with a bear and seem to be struggling until he finally overcame it. "Looks like a good time," She added, kissing my fingers before she stood up. "When you're warmed up enough, Aunt Alice wants you to try on your tux." I exhaled through my nose but nodded. "She sympathized and went back to stand with my dad in the crowd the stood near the empty kitchen. I stayed on my own for a little while longer. I know it's strange, but I didn't like being around so many couples at once. It just reminded me I was single. Yes, I know, I'm technically two and it would be wrong if I had a significant other at this point in my life, but you also have to consider that when I was physically two, I had the mind of a twelve-year-old. Now that I'm "fifteen", my mind and body are starting to grow in unison. With that development I also became to desire the same things every teenager desires. I want friends, I want a car, I want a first love. I want to experience this part of my life since I wasn't able to properly enjoy what had already passed. In that moment I felt eyes on me and looked over my shoulder to see who the gaze belonged to. My dad was standing in the kitchen with everyone else but his eyes were on me. They seemed sympathetic. If he was listening as intently as he seemed to be, I hoped he'd gather that I wasn't in the mood to have that conversation right now. It was really quite annoying to never have a moment of privacy. Even in my own thoughts. I left my shoes by the fire and walked barefoot into the kitchen. The hardwood floor was warm against my feet and I found myself thankful that our cousins enjoyed the same kind of luxuries we did. When I came to stand beside my mother, I came to her shoulder. Her brown hair was hanging lazily yet perfectly at her shoulders. She put her arm around my shoulders and I leaned against