WARNING: GRAMMAR ERRORS AHEAD (if there is this is a subtle kidding aside sorry.) The author is not a native english speaker. Clanking of wine glasses, filled the hall as they celebrated. Merry tunes and laughter can even be heard outside. Hermione, Harry and Ron. Had left the great hall and they looked far from being happy. Well they should be right? The war has ended and they can live in peace. But how can they really? Lives sacrificed. Innocent Children had been orphaned. Scars and battle wounds had remained tainted. It had damaged both their physical and mental beings. The Cruciatus had left their body slightly shaky which does release tremors from time to time. Another reminder of the war. They had seated together outside the castle looking over the lake. No conversations. Only their presence has made the group feel warm. They had been together for years and they are practically siblings. Blimey! If there is a much stronger word for siblings they can be called that! "Harry, Ron, Hermione." A soft voice had called their attention. "Professor Mcgonagall." Harry said as he looked over his shoulder. She smiled and walked closer to the Golden Trio. They all turned towards her silently. She hugged the trio. Ron cringed slightly but appreciated the hug while Harry closed his eyes. Hermione has tears streaming down her face . She let go and looked at the trio. " This war had damaged us...But clinging unto it just makes everything seem much harder. It may be difficult, But we should atleast try to mend out hearts back to happiness." They nodded and Hermione wiped away her tears. "Let's come inside then? I'm sure everyone would be happy on the presence of the Golden Trio." She smiled and gestured towards the castle. Harry was hesitant but he decided to come inside. Ron didn't hesitate and stood next to Professor McGonagall. Hermione didn't move one step. "I'll stay here a little longer. But I promise to come inside soon." She smiled and the professor just nodded. The two then looked confused. But Minerva whispered something to them and they nodded in agreement. Harry stripped his robes and draped it on Hermione. "See you later then. Yeah?" He exclaimed and patted her shoulder. Hermione mouthed thank you and glanced back at the lake. She closed her eyes as she tried to remember her mom's face. Her dad's face and their memories with her. "I miss you mum. Dad." She embraced herself and started walking. grabbing hold of two robes that embraced her. "I wish that you could reme--r me." It was a shudder as her tears had slightly made it uncomprehendable. She nearly stumbled but strong arms had catched her. She blink rapidly trying to see clearly. Tears obstructed her view and she wiped her tears unto her long sleeve tee. "Hermione" She looked away. that smell...Alcohol. This man is intoxicated. She stood up and looked at the man. He let go of her and she stood up unwrinkling her top. He sat back down and slunked his back at a tree. She decided to sat on the nearby stone bench and rested her neck to look up to the dark sky. She looked sideways eyeing the man that he had saved. "Intoxicating yourself is no good. Severus. " she muttered. Her voice squeaked for not using much of her voice. He had offered her his name as a proper thank you for saving his life. It is right and just to let his savior be on first name basis with him. "And walking alone crying is a much better ? The war may have ended Hermione, but Voldermort's men are still in great allegiance and would do everything to avenge him. They had devoted their time and lives for the life that the dark lord offered them. So put that in the head of yours and be careful." He commanded with a unbelievably worried tone in it. "I am surprised that it sounded that you care." She chuckled and stood up from the bench. "Of course I DO..." he paused" im - I'm in debt. Funny how I'm in debt to another Gryffindor. My life will just be like that again then." He chuckled and grabbed another firewhisky and drank halfway. "Would you care to join me? Seeing your state. You badly need one." He stood up and offered his hand. "I dont bite." : 2009 Scotland Hogwarts "Tell me why I accepted this job again, Minerva?" he whispered that made the Headmistress chuckle. She continued clapping as the sorting event had commenced. "Because the ministry... had received a lot of complaints ...towards dozens of the potions masters that took your place years ago." She raised her brows and nudged the scowling man beside him. "Well try to be happy for a change or act like one." She commented then gazed on the crowded Great hall. "Don't push it." He sighed. With no interest he lazily glanced down the table. But after hearing the next name made him jolt his head up. "Sergeantine Potter." He looked unto the crowd as a tall boy stepped forward. a lot of whispers and murmurs where heard. He rolled his eyes as the head table was also filled with murmurs. Except him and Minerva. "I see that another Potter had taken over Hogwarts." He smirked and clapped. He was confused as he intently looked at the boy. Curiosity filled him as the sorting hat never talked.The great hall that was roaring with murmurs went silent. It took a whole two minutes before it finally spoken. "I ... don't... know... This boy.." the great hall was filled with gasps. Minerva stood up and went towards the sorting hat but he just answered with a few words. "This boy .. I can't understand what he truly desires. He is a... oh I don't know." : "The-boy-who-cant-be-sorted.? Now this is bloody stupid." He dropped the daily prophet and he shook his head and chuckled. They are currently inside the teacher's lounge as a meeting had taken place two days after the unusual occurence on the great hall. With no house to be sent to. He was given separate quarters for the mean time. He still had classes to attend to but he doesn't have any house to give points with. "Well surely I can sort him out myself! He is a Goddamn Gryffindor for heaven's sake." He dramatically motioned his arms up in appal. "Now, now Severus. I too is confused. The sorting hat never disappoints. This is very strange indeed." Minerva spoken with orotund. He huffed and never said a word. He slunked on his seat and waited for the discussion to finish. The debates had stood for about an hour and they even dragged Albus Dumbledore's Portrait to join the discussion. "Oh, Bloody hell! why don't you just let the boy choose?!" He said almost shouting. The murmurs were replaced with silence and they all nodded in agreement. "Merlin. Can I go now?" He stood up and slammed the door shot. : " wow, he chose slytherin? Isn't that like backstabbing your parents or something?" A pair of Gryffindors had been talking for a while and he didn't interrupt as he was also curious on why the boy had chosen Slytherin. Is the boy mad at his father? Wouldn't he love to rejoin the victories that Potter received as a Gryffindor? "That Potter kid is a nutjob. The war probably done something on him..." " twenty points from Gryffindor. Your incessant rumblings are not tolerated in this classroom!" He opened the door and walked springy and his black robes flared up on his every step. The room was filled with first years and as he stood infront the door slammed shot. The room was silent and he started enumerating his rules. The precautions and the dangers of potionmaking. The door suddenly opened revealing the boy who cant-- well--Potter's boy. The students looked back, His eyebrows rose as the boy confidently walked in and has seated at the far end of the Classroom. He swing his head sideways and crossed his arms. He strided steps to reach the end table and faced the wretched arrogant boy. His hair was black and unkept. The boy narrowed his black eyes and stared at him with the same intensity that the professor had given him. " It seems that Potter is a surname that will haunt me forever. Hmmm let's see.." He scowled and smirked. He leaned into his desk and cleared his throat. " Shrivelfig,Porcupine quills,Peppermint sprigs this are a few of ingredients for making what? Mr. POTTER." He questioned emphasizing his surname. He waited for his answer and he chuckled. "Like father.. like--" he stopped mid sentence as the boy stood up. "The Elixir to Induce Euphoria is a sunshine-yellow potion that induces a sense of inexplicable, irrational happiness upon the drinker.As the name implies, this potion induces sudden euphoria in the drinker - excessive singing and nose-tweaking are possible side-effects but...a sprig of peppermint added to the potion during preparation helps to counterbalance these." He answered confidently with a smirk on his face. His voice was oddly baritone for his age. It wasn't the weird squeaky voice that most students his age would likely have. The class of first years had started gawking. Female students gasped and he was lost for words. After answering, the boy turned around and walked towards the door. He stopped and looked over his shoulder. "...and really? Asking an advanced potion to a first year. A coward thing to do yeah?" The boy smirked and left the Classroom. The door slammed shut. The classroom had grew silent and they all looked at him. How dare he to make me look like a fool! He thought then cleared his throat to continue his class. : "That boy is a genius I tell you! I was hesitant when i heard that Minerva was exaggerating such details from an eleven year old but after having him on my class. Merlin! " "He is Very nice too! Although he does tend to prefer being alone. I saw how dozens of students want to befriend him but he isn't really a friendly one." "He is an independent kid. A book lover just like her mother." Minerva remarked. Ginny weasley a bookworm? He shook his head and turned around. He had eavesdropped on the Teacher's lounge. He knew who was talking to who. As the voices were recognized. Today's enough. He has been hearing a lot of compliments towards the boy. It has become infuriating. He walked briskly and descended down the dungeons. Being a spy for years had made him easily recognize a dissilussionment. "Finite incantatem!" He tapped the dissilussioned figure and he smirked. "Potter, what are you doing here?" He grabbed his collar and pushed him towards the wall. The boy looked surprised but quickly gained his composure and showed a sneer. "You better not mess with me! Didn't your father teach you a thing or two?" He hissed and the boy just chuckled. "He never had the chance and I will never let him." The boy pushed his hands away and walked away. "20 points from Slytherin!" He shouted. "Make it a hundred nobody cares." The boy shouted back. : "Minerva. That Potter kid has been neglecting my subject for a month now." "He had wished to drop the subject. Severus." Minerva answered. "The boy reasoned that he wasn't interested in it and he was having a hard time to study it." "We know in merlin's name that he is lying! " "I know, I know. I couldn't convince him. He is rather difficult just like you." "Me? Hmmpf" "Maybe you can talk to him then? He is at the library now, meet him there?" Minerva said with a hopeful look. "Fine, but if that kid ever do something ridiculous I will stop." He stood up and exited