Chapter 1 - Why's It Always Me!? Rose POV "Rose! Come on we're going to be late! Hugo you too, hurry up." My mother, Hermione Granger-Weasley called up the stairs to my brother and me. Hugo shouted back down that he was just putting his Eagle Owl, Iris, into her carrier for the journey to school. Hugo and mum were the only ones in this household who had an Owl, I didn't want a pet during my first year at Hogwarts and I just used to borrow my cousin Albus' Owl Gynx during term or use my mum's Owl Rhea when she sent me letters. That was until third year when over Christmas break Crookshanks brought home kittens. He had fourteen in total between three different mothers, all belonging to our crazy cat lady neighbour Mrs. Willow; she is an elderly witch who breeds Kneazle's and cross-breed Kneazle's for a living. Since these were accidents though she decided not to charge us for any of them, however my mum did give her G500 for the inconvenience. I had already packed everything I needed except for my cross-Kneazle cat, Vixen; she was currently asleep on the end of my bed. Picking up Vixen quickly I put her in her cat travel box, which she absolutely hated and hurried down the stairs. We quickly ate breakfast and then headed off to Kings Cross station in London, we currently live in Godric's Hollow. It's a small Wizarding community in the West Country which many Muggle's do not know about; we have to apparate to the station because the drive would take too long. Since I was now a seventh year I could now apparate on my own so I told my mother I would meet her on the platform. I pictured the platform with the Scarlett steam train which takes me to my second home and felt a tightening in my stomach and felt a pop. Opening my eyes I saw a bustling platform full of children from the ages of 11 to 18 years old all heading off to school. Some were still dressed in their Muggle clothes like me and others were already in their robes. Walking a bit further in I spotted my Uncle Harry Potter and his wife Ginny Potter with their two children Albus and Lily the second and third of their children. "James decided to give it a miss?" I asked as soon as I arrived, hugging Lily and nudging Albus. "Yeah, he has training today along with Fred and Roxy," Albus said as he ran a hand through his untameable hair and grinned, obviously happy for his older brother. "I can't believe they all made it into professional Quidditch. Even if they are on the Reserve team at the minute" Albus said laughing. James, his older brother, and Fred our cousin were the Chasers for the Gryffindor House Team which won for five years straight, beating Albus' Slytherin team by a mile. Roxanne, who was Fred's twin sister, played Beater with Xavier the current captain for this year and also my ex-boyfriend since just before the summer of this year, but since she graduated last year we have to find a replacement, and for James and Fred too. "I know being picked up by the Montrose Magpies is amazing. Although I am surprised that Roxy went to the Holyhead Harpies, but that has been her favourite team since forever, but she never normally likes playing against Fred." I said to Albus. He was my closest cousin, out of the whole lot, even more so than Lily, Victoire and Dominique. Albus has been my playmate since birth since our birthdays are about three months apart myself being the oldest out of both of us. We have always been close, even when he got put into Slytherin we still remained close. He comes to hang out with me on occasion, sometimes even spends time with my friends, although I do think that's because he had a crush on my friend Bleu-Belle Thistle before he started dating Verity Robertson a fellow seventh year Slytherin, although it was actually Francesca Longbottom otherwise known as Frankie who had the crush on Albus. I find it hard to keep up with the love interests of my cousin; whether it is the ones that like him or the ones he likes himself "It might be because she wants to distance herself from her brother, you know?" Albus said to me. I just nodded in reply; Roxy and Fred's relationship was a difficult one. They loved each other and they were as close as a set of twins can be, complete each other's sentences and they get on really well but the rivalry between them is ridiculous. They always try to outdo each other, and when Fred and James were offered spots of the reserve team of the Montrose Magpies but with no spots for Roxy she was really upset, so she went to the next best team in a league which Aunt Ginny happens to be the Manager for, even during her job at the Daily Prophet as a Quidditch correspondent. "Rose, you do know who the Head Boy is right?" Albus asked taking me away from my thoughts. "No why?" "Because I think you might need to know who it is. Its –"Albus said before he got cut off. "Rose, sorry about that,"mum said, "we saw some reporters so we had to skirt around them. They follow us all year round, when can't they just leave us be. It's not like everything is already being documented for the whole Wizarding world to see." My mother practically growled. We knew who she was talking about. An elderly reporter who must be at least in her sixties now called Rita Skeeter. She loves to report on those of the Weasley/Potter/Lupin families. Unfortunately it's not even as though we are safe at school, her grandchild Holly Skeeter is a seventh year Hufflepuff, she is practically the gossip queen. She sends her grandmother and her father the gossip that's around school. That's how Witch Weekly found out about mine and Xavier's break-up it hadn't even been a day before it was plastered all over the Gossip Columns of Witch Weekly. "It's okay mum." I smiled and hugged her hard. I would miss her. It must be so hard to be at home on your own all the time. Ever since dad died it's been hard. My dad died when I was in my second year of Hogwarts – Hugo was a first year –, He was on a mission with the Auror Department when it happened. A former Death Eater that they were trying to round up managed to disarm and then kill him with the Killing Curse and escaped. Uncle Harry who wasn't there at the time set a team of highly trained Hit Wizards after him. They managed to find him and brought him back to be tried and sentenced to Azkaban. He was sentenced to life by my mother. It's not enough though, it doesn't bring him back. Nothing will. My mum had to go through a lot of counselling and even had to be medicated. It was horrible. Hugo and I were at school at the time, so the rest of the Weasley's especially my Aunt Ginny were looking out for her. Not well enough though apparently, because my mum tried to commit suicide at one point. She then got committed to St. Mungo's where a team of specially trained Healers helped her get better. She is a lot better now though, but she still attends counselling. I looked at the time and saw it was quarter to eleven, and my mum had wandered off to talk to somebody. Looking around I saw her talking to Astoria Malfoy. Yes, you're probably wondering as to why my mother is talking to her sworn enemy's wife. Well, you see believe it or not, Astoria is a Healer. She was actually one of the Healers who helped my mum in the first place, through that experience they became friends, and ironically she became friends with Draco Malfoy too. She goes round to their Mansion, they sold the Manor not long after Draco inherited it from his father who was in Azkaban, he then destroyed it along with all the dark artefacts in there and moved himself, his wife and his mother Narcissa to a nicer, newer Mansion in Cornwall, not too far from us in Godric's Hollow actually. Astoria although Pureblood is actually one of the nicest women you could meet. She doesn't believe in all of the blood supremacy crap that was being said during the second Wizarding war. She actually fought on the side that my parents were fighting for. So when her parents found out they disowned her, her sister Daphne did too. Now however, she is a respectable witch and head of her department at St. Mungo's. She also caused Draco to grow up and fix his reputation. He has done that by becoming the Deputy Head of the Law Department which specialises in sending bad wizards to Azkaban. Their son however, Scorpius Malfoy, is the bane of my existence. Since Dad passed away we have to spend a lot more time with the Malfoy's because my mum sometimes goes over there to talk to Astoria out of office hours, when she isn't feeling great and spends a bit of time there. Since Draco is the Deputy Head of the Magical Law Enforcement division in the Ministry, he goes in there and covers for her when she needs it. I sighed, better get this over with , I thought, I headed over to the Malfoy's, Albus in tow, my brother decided to stay with Albus' younger sister Lily. "Hello Rose, lovely to see you sweetheart. How was your summer?" Astoria Malfoy asked me politely. She was always so polite, and well spoken. "I'm fantastic thank you Mrs. Malfoy, and my summer was very good thank you. I made Head Girl, so I'm looking forward to that." I said smiling feeling very proud of myself. Scorpius' younger sister Phoenix then started giggling. She looked to Albus who shrugged. "You haven't told her yet I take it Al?" Phoenix said with a smile, holding back laughter. "Nope, didn't get round to it, Nixie thanks." Al looked slightly ashamed. "Get round to what?" I asked, just as I did I saw Scorpius walking over with his current slag Mitzi Parkinson, she was pretty I grant you but she was as thick as a troll, maybe she was part troll. Her younger sister Missy isn't much better either in all fairness, their half-sister Lorelle Goyle however, is actually quite smart, but she is ugly as sin. "Oh Weasley, it's so nice to see you, had a good summer I hope. I heard you made Head Girl, guess that means we will be seeing an awful lot of each other this year what with us sharing a dorm and whatnot. See you at the Head's meeting. Bye mum, bye dad, I'll write soon." He said turning to hug his parent's goodbye he then turned to get on the train. I can't even form a proper sentence and stand there with my mouth open as Scorpius saunters away. Out of all the boys in their seventh year, he was the one that was chosen. Him! He couldn't even put a quill to parchment let alone be a head boy! I watched as he walked off and onto the train with his little girl toy following after him. I turned to Albus and he started backing away with his hands up in a surrendering posture. I had wished for Albus to be chosen but when he didn't I'd at least hoped for a Ravenclaw or a Hufflepuff, those I could work with… but a Slytherin… that would have been harder to do. Yet even though Leyson knows this