Etsuko, or Elaine as she went by, stood with her younger brother, Josh, on Platform 9 3/4. Her elbow was on his shoulder as he was the perfect arm rest height. "Third year for you now, you aren't scared are you?" she asked him, ruffling his hair as she stood in front of the train waiting for her friends before she boarded. Josh's as well, but mostly her's as she wasn't fully convinced he had friends. "I'll be fine. I have friends too, you know," he said frowning, pushing up his glasses indignantly, his eyes getting a slight tint of red from his annoyance. He was still struggling to master his Metamorphmagus trait they both shared. Unlike some Metamorphmagi, Elaine preferred to keep more of her natural features and just accentuate what she could. Most people trusted her more that way and didn't automatically assume she was a gremlin or ugly. Today she had her black hair tied back in two dutch braids with the ends of each braid a different color ombre effect. The one of the left was bronze while the one on the right was blue to show her Ravenclaw pride. "If you say so. I know you have a crush on Rani's sister so I know you'll want to wait for her," Elaine teased as she scanned for Rani and her little sister Anjali. Possibly just to tease Josh. "You do know that Slytherins and Hufflepuffs are opposites. But they also say that opposites attract," she laughed teasingly. "I do not," Josh responded in an annoyed voice, pouting slightly like a little kid. "Keep saying that," Elaine said, laughing slightly. Her face broke into a grin when she saw Emily and Rani walking together. Anjali was trailing behind trying not to get swallowed up by the crowd of students and their families all rushing to get to the train in time, her hand tight on her trunk. Elaine waved wildly as if she was having a seizure, trying to get their attention. She saw Emily spot her and point before running over to meet her and Josh, waving with equal enthusiasm. "Oh my gosh! How are you? I feel like I haven't seen you in forever!" Emily said, talking at a mile a minute. "We all saw each other a month ago. We did our annual summer tours," Rani said with an eye roll as she came over with her sister, walking at a normal pace instead of a sprint like Emily. They all did annual summer tours which meant they went to each other's houses for a week at a time. Typically, they ended at the end of summer so they could go to the platform together, but this year they all had things they needed to do at the end of last summer so they pushed it up a month. "Did you see Julianne or Catherine yet?" Rani asked as she scanned the platform, keeping close to her sister. "Not yet," Elaine said, looking back at the noisy crowd, looking for Julianne's neon clothing. It was a lot easier to spot Julianne than Catherine. "Wait! I think I- never mind, that wasn't her," Emily said looking for their other two friends. "I wish I brought my binoculars," she muttered under her breath. "I'm glad you didn't bring them," Rani said, shaking her head. "That would have been over the top," she said. "Next thing, you're going to say that you brought your Swiss Army Knife and your hair clips that can be used as tools," she said with an exasperated sigh. "Well my Swiss Army Knife is in my trunk so it typically isn't on me, and I have my hair clips here," she said with a smirk as she unclipped one from her hair and held it up in front of her face and Rani's face as a few long strands of blonde hair fell out of where it was pinned. "This one can be used as a wrench and a nail file," she said proudly. "I also have a screwdriver and something that can get me trolleys for free. Probably other things too, maybe another wrench," she shrugged, while Rani only shook her head. "So Anjali, you're in Slytherin right?" Elaine asked the little girl, who held her grip tight on her trunk. She nodded once in a firm and dignified manner. "Yes I am," she said with a smile as she also looked around the platform, presumably for her own friends. Hopefully not Noah. She had heard some less than kind things about how annoying he and his friend Jeffrey were. The two of them were very irritating third year boys. Apparently Noah always gets everyone sick and Jeffrey thinks everything is 'savage'. It was 1976 for crying out loud. At least use something more relevant. She was just glad that Josh didn't say it. "Cool, my little brother here is a Hufflepuff," Elaine said, ruffling Josh's hair again, much to his annoyance. He merely grumbled and ducked his head, not meeting the other girl's gaze. "I know," Anjali said simply, as she was the type of girl to remember everyone's name, birthday and house. "Nice to officially meet you," Josh said, sticking out a hand to shake her's, trying to be polite. "You as well," Anjali said, shaking his hand as Elaine smirked, watching the two much to Rani's distaste. "Why don't you two find a compartment on the train. Anjali, help my brother make friends. You seem more sociable than him," Elaine winked as she ushered her baby brother away. As she saw her brother disappear with the Indian girl she turned back towards her two friends. "What did you do this time Elaine?" Rani asked with a slightly exasperated tone as she watched her sister leave. "You're making it seem like I'm such a devious mastermind. I'm only helping my annoying baby brother make friends," Elaine laughed as she turned back towards Emily and silently asked her for support. "Don't ask me," Emily asked with a ghost of a smile on her face. "I'm an only child," she laughed. "Who is ready to conquer sixth year and NEWT classes?" Rani asked changing the subject with a pointed glare at Elaine. "Ugh, don't remind me," Emily grumbled as she still scanned the platform for the two missing members of their group. "Where are they?" Rani asked, tapping her foot impatiently. "Catherine and I have to go to the Prefect cabin soon," she said. "Stop reminding us of your higher power," Elaine said, rolling her eyes and giving her a mock bow. "You're both still Quidditch captains," Rani countered. "But that doesn't give us authority. Not really," Emily argued as she still looked for Catherine and Julianne. Elaine scanned the platform, looking for two more heads. "I see her!" she shouted loudly, spotting a bright neon pink headband holding back Julianne's dark hair. Emily and Elaine waved wildly to Julianne as she rapidly approached dragging Catherine behind her. "Hey!" Elaine exclaimed, tackling them both in a hug. "We have to go get our compartment before some first years try to take it like last year," she said remembering when they had to scare some first years out of their compartment. She and Emily had been full force for it, but Catherine and Rani had been against it. Julianne was busy trying not to fall over something while that all went down. "That's a good idea," Catherine said with a nod as she began to turn in the direction of the train. Elaine began dragging Rani towards the nearest door, grabbing her wrist and running as fast as she could while Rani was doing her best to slow her down. They all quickly boarded the train and ran down the the aisles of the train cars and causing a general ruckus, much to the dismay of everyone else there. "And here we are!" Emily said opening their usual compartment with a flourish as she strut in, tossing her blonde hair in a dramatic fashion. Elaine laughed and followed her in, tossing her trunk up before setting her owl's cage more carefully next to her trunk, tucking a loose strand of hair back into one of her braids only to have it fall out again. "I'm glad no one else was here," Rani said. "I really don't want to give you guys detention before school even officially starts," she said in her slightly aloof tone. "Whatever," Elaine said, rolling her eyes at her friend. "Just go be a prefect missy," she said, shooing Rani away. "You too Cath," she said, gesturing to the Hufflepuff. "It's just gonna be me and the two Gryffindors," she laughed as she put Catherine's own trunk up next to her's so her friend could go off to do her Prefect job. As Rani opened the door to exit the compartment Sirius and James popped out from the sides where they weren't able to be seen from inside the compartment as to catch them by surprise. "Hey," Sirius said, winking at them. "What do you want?" Rani asked impatiently, tapping her foot as she waited for them to leave trying to find a way to get around them. "To say hello to the lovely ladies of our year," James said in a fake innocent voice. Emily simply scoffed at him and shook her head, throwing a hair clip at James's face, hitting him in the nose causing him to frown slightly and toss it back at her. "Where is your biggest fan and impulse control?" Emily asked, referring to Peter and Remus respectively. "They right here!" James and Sirius said at the same time in a flamboyant manner as if they were on a game show. They each reached to the side and pulled Remus and Peter from the side so they were in view. The former looked rather disgruntled and the latter just looked excited to be there. Catherine waved politely as she brushed herself off so she could leave once the path was clear. "So can you move?" Elaine asked, arching a brow as she looked to her friends. Two of which were prefects and needed to leave the compartment or they would never hear the end of it. "Of course not Sunshine," Sirius teased, slinging an arm around her shoulders. She quickly stepped away and took his arm off from around her moving instead to lean against the window of the compartment. "Sunshine? That's new," Elaine responded, wrinkling her nose at the new nickname. It sounded rather girly and frilly, she instantly decided that she hated it, but it was better than being called Sweetheart like Sirius called so many other girls. "Yeah. It's my new name for you. Calling you Yamazaki takes too long," Sirius said. "And how did you get to that conclusion?" she asked. "Because of my bright and sunny personality?" she asked sarcastically. She just settled on it was a stupid new pet name he was trying out. It wasn't like he actually put thought into these things. "Totally," Sirius winked while James just laughed. "Sirius didn't look up your name and found the exact meaning of Elaine and saw that it meant sun or light and then decided to call you Sunshine," James said sarcastically, trying not to fall over from his laughter, while Sirius just glared at him. Emily began to laugh at what James said, giving Elaine a small smirk. Julianne couldn't help but giggle a bit as well. "Don't laugh too soon yet," Sirius said with a grin. "We have Glowstick over here," he said, pointing to Julianne. "Remember your birthday party last year in the Gryffindor Common Room? You showed us what a glow stick was, that weird muggle invention, for the first time. Plus you always have something with neon on your clothes so you look really bright," Sirius explained. "You're basically a glow stick." "Then there is Rain Cloud," James said pointing to Rani.