Hello Readers! This is my first HP fanfic in the original timeline, and I hope it's enjoyable for all. Though this beginning does have a lot of material from the actual books (as in the conversations), I don't plan for future chapters to be so as my main character Airlea won't have much to do with the Golden Trio as a group (see the last word of this chapter for evidence). Anyway, this is a Draco/OC fic because excuse me Draco Malfoy ~TT~ Please Review, I seriously need feedback because I get lost in my own head sometimes ^_^. Disclaimer – I do not own Harry Potter, otherwise I would be the Queen (a.k.a JKRowling). "Come on Ron! Get out of bed you dimwit the owls are coming today!" I roughly shake the ginger haired half asleep boy lying in bed, before he starts to swat me away. "Okay, okay... Jesus Airlea who could ever think we're related... it's way too early..." He moans but I just smirk triumphantly. "Ron, its 7:30, not dawn." I reply, before pulling his duvet off him swiftly and dumping it out his bedroom door before swiftly making my way downstairs, ignorant of his further groans. "Morning Airlea dear!" Aunt Molly says to me as I take me corner seat at the breakfast table. "You're awfully chipper this morning aren't you." "Of course, Aunt Molly." I say in my much more normal, quieter voice. My name is Airlea, pronounced air-lea, and I'm about to get my first ever Hogwarts letter. I love life at the burrow, but unlike the rest of my family, I seem to be much more inclined to education. I've pretty much completely finished the entire child section of non-fiction in the wizarding library, and Aunt Molly won't let me try the intermediate stuff, she says it'll be too gory and complex for an eleven-year-old like me. So, I've been waiting and waiting, to go to Hogwarts. You see, no matter how much I read, I can't really apply it, to anything. I don't have a wand yet, since you can only get one when of age to go to Hogwarts. So, I've been patient, gathering my knowledge, so I can finally input it at Hogwarts. "Well, I'd prepare yourself I can see them coming right now!" My head flips towards the window, and there I can see them, five owls side by side heading towards us. "Are they here yet Airlea? Honestly, you've been unbearable the last few weeks..." Fred says coming down the stairs, along with George and Ginny in their footsteps. I merely nod my head as the rest of the family fill in. Ginny comes to sit next to me looking slightly downhearted. "Don't worry Ginny, a year passes in no time." I tell her, though I know it really doesn't for Hogwarts. Sure enough, five barn owls fly through the open window in the light summer, each dropping a different letter onto the table. As soon as I spot my name my hand shoots out to grab it and my eyes light up as I open the letter. Dear Miss Airlea Iluisa Prince, We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress A broad smile widens on my face as I flick through the equipment list. "Now Airlea, Arthur and I thought it the best time to give you your key, for Gringotts." Molly interrupts my daze and I look up her in question. I have a Gringotts vault? "Here's your key darling. Do you want us to come with you or do you want to go alone?" Aunt Molly hands Me a small, diamond shaped gold key, with a single emerald on the handle. I take it curiously, and look back up to answer. "I'm sure I'll be fine alone." I reply with a smile. One might wonder, why would Molly even offer for me to go alone, a young girl on her own. Well over the years they've seemed to realise, unlike my many cousins, I much prefer the peace of my own mind. Aunt Molly merely nods her head before walking to shout up the stairs. "Ronald get down here this instant! Your letter has arrived and we need to leave to go to Diagon Alley!" She walks away shaking her head as breakfast starts landing on the table. I dig in and finish efficiently, before excusing myself up to mine and Ginny's shared room to get dressed. I quickly throw on some muggle jeans and a light cardigan over a T-shirt, as EVEN though it's summer the temperature is still a little breezy. I brush my straight dark red hair back into a mid-ponytail, it's much darker hue distinguishing me from my family. After brushing my teeth, I head back down for an exciting day. "Airlea Iluisa Prince." I repeat my name to the goblin, giving a small polite smile despite his obvious irritance at everything surrounding him. His desk is littered with files, along with what I can see to be an application for Head Manager. "Come this way." He takes me to the carts, where we take a ride much longer than I expected, to the lower vaults. We reach a line of vaults and he opens it for me, where I gather a few stacks of galleons from the many mountains I didn't expect. I don't know much about my parents, so I didn't know what I was expecting, but this wasn't it. As we move back to the waiting point for the carts, one rooms up from much farther below, and stops for us to get on. Already seated in the car is a finely dressed lady in wizard robes with dark hair and next to her a boy around my age, with startling white blonde hair. I seem to remember something in my mind, but I can't put my finger on it. The lady meets my eyes and I smile lightly at her, and as the boy turns his head as well I smile at him as well. He stares at me a moment, before letting a smile of his own onto his face. "Oh, what is a young girl like you doing on your own down here my dear?" The woman asks me kindly. "What's your name?" "Airlea Prince, miss, and I don't mind it's not exactly a social gathering." I reply in an equally nice tone. I like to think I have a good first instinct... like women's intuition, and this woman seems nice. "Prince?" She murmurs, and at a guess she's trying to find my bloodline. I mean if they were coming from further down, they must be an old family. Not a second later however a smile returns to her face. "I'm Narcissa Malfoy, and this is my son, Draco." Malfoys? Of course, the blonde hair... Uncle Arthur talks about Lucius Malfoy all the time... and not in good words... odd, Uncle Arthur tends to be very friendly. "How do you do?" Draco asks me politely, though he looks away slightly. "Very well thank you. I was just going shopping for Hogwarts supplies today." I reply, sitting down and holding onto the side as the cart starts moving. "So, you must be the same age! Draco and I were doing the exact same thing!" Mrs Malfoy exclaims. "What house do you think you'll be in?" Draco asks, excitement in his eyes. "I'm not really sure, I'd think Ravenclaw since I've been dying to go to school since forever, but I'm not sure about where my personality will put me." I reply honestly. "Well you seem delightful to us, doesn't she Draco!" Mrs Malfoy says once again, maintaining her distinguished posture through the slightly rough ride. "That's because I like you so far." I reply honestly, chuckling, and Mrs Malfoy merely laughs. "I'm going to be in Slytherin, just like Father says." Draco says, his chest puffing out slightly. "What houses were your parents in?" My heart falls just like that but I manage to keep a smile on my face. "Draco, don't ask such personal questions." Mrs Malfoy minds, and Draco looks up at her confused. She smiles at me, and I can tell in her eyes she's at least guessed my parents aren't around. I nod my head thankfully. The cart stops and I climb out. "...stinking humans..." the goblin mutters not so quietly, and I scowl at him. "With the amount of paperwork stacked on your desk, that promotion is centuries away." I snarl, finding it pointless to be polite as I will never be seeing him after today, nor will I recognise him. "It was nice meeting you both, and I'll see you on the Hogwarts Express Draco." I turn to say, waving a hand in farewell to the Malfoys. I don't wait for a reply, and simply head at a fast walk to the exit, out to Diagon Alley. After a swift exit, I go straight to the wand shop, Ollivanders. It was quite a direct visit I believe, for I only tried out four wands before finding mine, whereas Charlie told me it took his thirteen tries, though I swear the time before he said it was twelve... Anyway, I got an 11-inch blackthorn with a Phoenix feather for its core. Mr Ollivader said it may take time for it to completely trust me, but regardless it was an extremely powerful wand, for the most skillful spell caster. I won't lie, I swelled with pride at his words. Knowing I had to meet Aunt Molly and the others at Flourish and Blotts at twelve before heading home for lunch, I went to Madam Malkins to get robes fitted, before buying Prince. Why did I decide to name my new dark tabby cat by my last name, so that everyone knew he was mine. Plus, it suited him, walking around with his head up high, looking down on all the other kittens... Once at Flourish and Blotts I met up with the rest of the family, then spent the rest of the day buying the rest of my list. The next month flew by, with the number of new books I'd bought from Flourish and Blotts. I'd tried to read all our textbooks, though some (cough cough Potions cough cough) I gave up on, since it was basically just instructions and recipes. I managed to get through all the theoretical parts though. And when the day came, I was beyond excited, though I tried to keep myself under reign. "Do your coat up dear, you'll freeze!" Aunt Molly chides me and I quickly do the zip up of my dark grey hoodie. I push my trunk through the busy station at King's Cross, making sure to tail Fred and George so to not get lost. "- packed with muggles, of course -" Aunt Molly sighs as I finally see the sign for platform nine. "Now, what's the platform number?" Aunt Molly questions to Ginny. "Nine and three quarters!" She replies sweetly, but her face soon falls. "Mum, can't I go-" "You're not old enough Ginny, now be quiet. All right, Percy, you go first." Sure enough Percy runs straight at the column and right before my eyes, disappears. I grin. "Fred, you next," Aunt Molly hurries. "I'm not Fred, I'm George!" says Fred and I hide a smirk. "Honestly woman, call yourself our mother! Can't you tell I'm George?" "Sorry George dear." Aunt Molly gives up. "Only joking, I am Fred." He snips with a grin in my direction, before hurrying through the barrier followed by George. I'm about to step forward when a scruffy boy with glasses moves forward. "Excuse me-" He starts, and Aunt Molly immediately understands.