Happy New Year everyone! As promised, here is the prologue to "Hell's Bells", the third and final installment following "Out from Under" and "Here There Be Demons". As always, all reviews are welcome, and to those of you who have been following since the beginning, I can't thank you enough! You'll have to let me know what you think. All canon characters belong to Stephanie Meyer alone. They just let me take them out and play with them every once in a while! January Jacob "We're gathered here today because Dr. Cullen has presented me with an…interesting request. One I think everyone here deserves to hear before I make a decision one way or another." The formality in my tone made me wince. It was just unusual enough to have everyone sitting up a little straighter…and Quil and Embry looking at me like I'd lost my mind. Executive decisions weren't really my thing. And they really weren't my thing when it came to the Cullens, since our treaty with them affected the entire pack. Well hell. After the conversation I'd had that morning, I wasn't too certain about my sanity. Guess I shouldn't be surprised when everyone else was starting to wonder too. "Dr. Cullen." Sue Clearwater, who had taken Harry's place on the tribal council after his death (and had the potential to make my life a living hell, since she was dating my wife's father), stood up held out a hand to the man standing next to me. Carlisle Cullen, doctor, father, founder of the Olympic coven. One of the best men I had ever met. And the whole reason I was standing there, shifting uncomfortably while 30+ pairs of eyes pinned me to the spot. Wet drops trickled down my back as Carlisle shook Sue's hand with his usual gracious charm and a warm smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. Great. Fabulous. My first major act as pack alpha and I was sweating like a stuck hog. Yeah, that, and the stench of my fear, ought to go a long way toward instilling confidence in the pack that I wouldn't totally screw this up. Damn it, why couldn't Cullen have done this six months earlier? Then it would have been Sam's problem instead of mine. 'Because he couldn't do it when everyone else was here,' whispered the voice in my head. Hello, common sense. How have you been? What he was suggesting was so stupid, it was no wonder he'd done it while the rest of his coven-his family-was in Italy playing guard dog for Bella, Billy and the baby. It was crazy. Insane. Completely bonkers. It was… 'What you've been dying to do since you first found out the bloodsuckers were real.' 'Yeah, but not like this. Jesus.' 'Then how?' 'I don't know, just…not like this.' "Um, Jake? You gonna say something, or you just gonna stand there sweating like a pig all night?" Laughter rang around the circle. I smiled weakly, but now that the moment was here I was as lost for words as I had been that morning. What on earth had possessed me to think I'd be any more ready now? The mist from the ocean swirled around my ears, dancing in the shadows before burning away in the heat of the fire. Waves crashed against the shore, and somewhere up in the hills a wolf (the ordinary kind) howled at the moon. My mind narrowed to those tiny details, unable to wrap itself around the enormity of what I was about to do. A cool, reassuring hand landed on my shoulder. "Perhaps it would be easiest if I explained myself," Carlisle suggested gently. With a nod I stepped back, dropping cross-legged at his feet. Hopefully the fact that I wasn't standing anymore would do something about the nausea clawing and ripping at my insides. "The treaty between our families is an old one, and one that has sustained us for generations," Carlisle began, his voice smoothly ebbing and flowing like the tide. "Since the attack by the newborns, and through Bella's marriage to Jacob, we've been able to not only co-exist with your pack but to build a mutually beneficial relationship-a friendship-that has served us well. What I'm about to ask is going to strain the boundaries of that friendship, and for that I am truly sorry." The crowd began to shift uncomfortably. Mentally I screamed at Carlisle to get on with it, genuinely wishing (for what had to be the first time ever) that Edward was there so he could hear what I was trying to say and tell his father to get to the point. Unfortunately, Edward wasn't here. He was in Italy playing house with my wife while I was here playing pack politics and trying to make nice with the neighbors. "Immortality is both a blessing and a curse." Carlisle continued. "This year marks the 375th anniversary of my change. In that time, the world has changed and, I feel, is no longer a world in which I belong. In the past a vampire seeking death could petition the Volturi, as Edward did. The end would be both quick and merciful. Because of the ill will the Volturi continue to bear us, however, this is no longer an option for my family and myself. "That being the case, I have spoken with Jacob about renegotiating the terms of our treaty." He hesitated, searching for the right words. "As part of that renegotiation he would be willing to offer that death to me and mine at the hands of the pack should it be deemed necessary without fear of reprisal." A shroud of silence hung in the air while the crowd around the fire digested what he had said...and what he hadn't. Carlisle was asking for a quick death from the only ones who were more than able to give it to him. And more than willing, as a general rule, to take down a vampire. But… But this was Carlisle. Carlisle, who had invented the concept of the "vegetarian" vampire in the first place. Who had come to the house and sat up all night with Billy the first time he had pneumonia. Who had arranged for counseling for both Paul and Rachel after the twins were killed this past summer. Who had threatened to thrash Edward to within an inch of his life (his words, not mine) if anything happened to Bella while they were in Italy. The thought of killing him, no matter how eager he was to die, left a bad taste in my mouth. And man, I never thought I'd be able to say that about a vampire. "Are you sure this is what you want?" Sam's voice was deep and certain, a gross contradiction to the mass of worms shredding my intestines to ribbons. This was why he'd been a good alpha. He'd always been able to make the hard decisions in the best interest of the pack, and with fewer vampires around there would be a lot fewer of us phasing. I could almost hear him thinking it. And with Carlisle and Esme gone, and Edward living overseas, the rest of the family wouldn't really have a reason to stay in Forks. "I've given this a great deal of thought," the vampire replied, and I thought I saw his shoulders slump with relief. "It has been weighing on me for some time that our unnatural lifespan could lead to feelings of displacement." "Is it your lifespan causing this feeling? Or your mate's death?" Bless Sue for being able to ask what we'd all been thinking. For 374 years Carlisle had refused to ask the Volturi to end his-life? existence?- when it had been an option. He'd thanked Bella for preventing Edward from doing it when he'd thought she was dead. Carlisle had proven over and over again that he valued life in all of its forms, and it was impossible not to draw a connection between the quiet, withdrawn man who had replaced the warm, sociable physician we'd come to know and Esme's tragic death six months before. "I would be lying if I said it wasn't a consideration," he said softly. "These feelings plagued me for over a century before I found Esme. She made the passing of years bearable. Now that she's gone…" His voice broke, and I looked down at my feet to give him a moment of privacy. When I looked up Sam was standing in front of him, hands on his shoulders, gentle concern in his face. Carlisle's head was bowed, eyes fixed on the sand firmly in front of him-a gesture of submission and defeat he would have never have made only a year earlier. "I understand your feelings. It's hard to watch the people we love get old and die, and there are fewer choices for your kind than for mine. But," he said when Carlisle would have spoken, "while I am sorry for your loss I can't help but feel like I'm talking to your grief, not you. And with that in mind, I can't endorse this decision." "I understand." Carlisle straightened up, meeting Sam's eyes before dipping his head in that Old World style I saw the guys use in all those stupid romance flicks Bella was so fond of. Seeing him like that, spine stiff, eyes straight ahead and completely devoid of emotion, it wasn't hard to see who he must have been all those centuries ago. "I appreciate that," Sam said softly. "That said, I also appreciate that none of us were ever meant to live forever. I assume none of your children are willing?" "I would not ask it of them." "And we both know what will happen if you go to the Volturi." Wry mirth was in the bleak smile that quirked Carlisle's lips. "It is astonishing what our bodies can live through. The Volturi have turned the study into an art form." "Understood. So I'm going to make you a deal. Wait another year, put a little more time between you and the death of your mate-Esme," he corrected when Carlisle's eyes flashed dangerously. "After waiting 375 years to die, surely another year won't make much difference one way or the other. If, after that year, you're still certain this is what you want to do I'll do it myself." What? Damn it, this wasn't his decision to make, no matter how fervently I'd been wishing for this to be someone else's problem just a few short minutes before. I must have moved, because Sam stepped back, instinctively yielding dominance. "My apologies Jacob. You're correct, I overstepped." Damn it was good to be a wolf. Your wolf just sorta knew what your human brain had a tendency to forget. Well hell, if he was going to be big about it… "It's all good. You're right." Standing up, I looked around the circle. "That's more than reasonable, I think. And after everything Carlisle's done for us it seems like we at least owe him this much. Does everyone else agree?" There were a handful of smattered murmurings, a few disgruntled faces, but the majority nodded their heads. With both Sam and I backing him up, I hadn't expected anything else. The members of the pack sat, quiet and solemn. I knew they were all desperately glad they weren't the ones who were going to have to tear his head off. They knew Carlisle, relied on him. Which reminded me… "Not to sound like a selfish jerk, but you're a lot more than just a pretty face around here Dr. Cullen." "Jazmine is more that capable of taking my place. She lacks my experience but has a quick and ready mind. I've already begun drawing up the paperwork to transfer the clinic into her hands." I nodded. "In that case, we agree. One year. But if, after that time, you still wish to die I'd like to be