The laws of our land were clear. Women especially maidens had no right to inheritance. So now when my father lay ill probably on his death bed he was plagued by the worry of my future and his only legacy. I had been brought up differently on my father's estate one and a half days journey from the palace in the capitol city of our kingdom Amadeus. I had had my fair share of suitors claiming that I had disarmed them with my comely charms, but it was very clear to anyone who met me that I was different. My mother had died when I was 10 and I had been brought up by my father with help from my governess whom I rarely obeyed. So it was as clear as the sky on a sunny day that my suitors were more after my inheritance than me. As to why I claimed this? My father was Lord Charles of Brady shire. He was the son of Lord Benson the closest aid of the late king Marcus. During his last days my grandfather had moved to the country along with my parents to enjoy his last days. The plan had been that my parents would stay with him till his last and then move back to the castle to pursue his duties to the then prince Carlisle. But my mother had liked it here immensely and wished to stay here and my father being the ever devoted husband had taken her wishes to heart and then on travelled to the castle to maintain his duties. Unfortunately, within the next two years my mother's health seriously deteriorated and she perished with the winter. My heartbroken father decided in honor of my late mother he would continue to stay in the countryside of the city. As the years passed, my father recovered from the shock of losing my mother. He taught me the politics and history, my governess taught me etiquette and fashion something she thought was important for a woman and I learnt from my tutor languages and arts. Over the years I became a woman with strong opinions about subjects and turned into someone who hated to be ignored and hence difficult to be pleased especially as I defied the notion that a woman can easily be moved with dance, music and flowers. For I liked a man who would listen to me and let me put in two words of my own. Alas such men hardly existed in the day for a woman with a brain was usually a threat. These were the reasons for my unmarried status. The whole morning my father sat with his solicitor discussing my fate and that of his vast fortune, for in this condition the estate, on his death, would go to my distant cousin James Hardy, a very wicked man by nature. In his hands the estate was sure to perish and since my forefathers had so cared for the estate with their own sweat and since the fortune now also comprised the estates of my maternal grandparents my father was set on preventing the inheritance to reach James. Three days later the solicitor again made an appearance and locked himself with my father in his study for another long discussion. That evening my father asked me for a private audience and gave me a sealed letter for the king himself. "But father is it not possible for someone else to deliver the letter?" "My heart! I need someone who I can trust to deliver the letter to the king and only the king. For this I have sent Jacob black as a messenger that you will be visiting the castle. It is not known to anyone but me and solicitor Robert that such a letter exists. You are not to announce its existence in public. Ask for a private audience with the king and the queen, deliver the letter and leave. Once they make their decision you will be informed. Only then will you return." "My child! Make haste and prepare for your journey you will leave in two days." "Father please take care of yourself I will come back as soon as possible. You must prolong your life for my sake for I do not care that your death will leave me homeless but that your death will leave me an orphan" "Remember child that my fate does not lie in my hands but in almighty and neither does yours all we can do is be prepared to take what comes to us" As decided two days later I rode out in the morning towards the castle. I stopped only to rest my horses. The queen herself came out with her court to receive me when I announced my arrival. I curtsied deeply, for I knew from my mother's and father's tales that she was a just and kind lady. I was not at all surprised to see the splendor of the palace. Decorated in a very rich manner it was clear that it was meant to intimidate anyone who entered. Yes the decoration was much more than I had expected or remembered but I had been here two years back when my father was in good health. "You are a splitting image of your mother, Lady Isabella!" "Thank you, your majesty!" "You know your mother was my dearest friend and confidant, she called me Esme so it is only fair that you at least forgo such rigid formalities." "Your wishes are my commands, my queen!" I grinned. "Come I shall lead you to the main wing where you shall stay from there on Margo here will lead you." She turned to her court and dismissed them. "Lady Alice, Lady Rosalie you shall come with me the rest of you are free to do as you please with your day." With this she started walking down a long passage asking me to follow her. The walls were richly decorated in red and magnificent vases adorned the pedestals and tables in the corridors. A little further in another corridor the walls were decorated with the heads of various animals probably hunted by the royals. As we further walked towards the inner chambers I was met with the most magnificent sculptures I had ever seen. The queen herself pointed out to me the faces of various royal members that of king Carlisle, the queen, the late kings and the princes and to my surprise at the end of the hall that of my mother and father. This fact deeply confounded me as to why would their faces be within a hall which boasted the sculptures of the royal family. Having observed my quite confusion the queen explained that not only king Marcus consider my grandfather his brother, so did king Carlisle. My father had saved the kings life and thus deserved the honor of being present there. "Margo! Escort Lady Isabella to her chambers and ensure all her possessions reach there as soon as possible" "May I call you Isabella, child?" "You may, my queen for you sound just like mu mother must have all those years ago" "That is the most pleasant thing that I have heard in quite some time. Thank you" The Queen suddenly looked teary eyed. "My Queen please! I did not wish you to have tears" "Your words have reminded me of my friend those are happy memories, cherished and these are some happy tears." "Well, In that case I am glad" Margo led me further through huge corridors pointing me to the places others led to. She was being a good guide, polite yet somehow distant. I could not but think of reasons that I must have offended her. "This corridor here leads to Prince Edwards chambers." She said. "May I ask why you tell me this?" "I thought you must want to know." "Why I would want to know this bit of information, you certainly did not tell me where other members of the royal family reside" "My apologies, my Lady" "I must ask you to speak your mind" "Please do not ask this of me my Lady I fear you will be deeply offended by my reasons no matter how true they may be." "I will not be offended I promise this from myself, whatever you say during the following conversation will not be held against you if what you say is the truth." "My Lady my concerns are regarding the reason of your arrival to the castle." "Speak freely and clearly" "My Lady, are you not here with the hope that the prince will fall for your womanly charms and wish to court you and further marry you?" "I do not understand the reasons of your accusations." "We receive many ladies, all of them wishing that they catch the king or the queen's eye as the suitable bride for the princes now more so as the prince has returned from his education." "I must say that I am disappointed that you think so low of me without even taking the trouble to know anything about me. But again I must ask you why do you think that it is the reason of my visit?" "If I must reply your question I must ask you to keep this conversation to yourself for it would be cruel of me to tell tales of what I heard throughout the castle also I would be punished and removed from my job" "Why? Is not gossip a part of your daily life?" "It is my Lady, but not to other but to people of our own ranks" "I promise to keep the conversation to myself, but I need to understand the reasons behind such a misunderstanding for I do not like people thinking less of me without fair reason." "I was cleaning her chamber when I heard Lady Tanya complain to Lady Lauren about your arrival and obvious hope to be your bride and how you this time may pose a real threat for the favor you hold yourself because of the relations of your parents with the king and queen." "I am sorry but who are Lady Tanya and Lady Lauren?" "They are his majesty's mistresses of course." "The prince has two mistresses?" "He had three actually till a few months ago. Lady Jessica committed adultery towards the prince with Lord Michel. It was an unwritten understanding that the mistresses are to be faithful to the prince." "You speak of this matter as if the situation is alright. Doesn't it disconcert you that the said man is to be your king someday?" "My Lady you forget that the people of our standing are not supposed to have opinions as long as we have food in our bellies and roof our heads. As far as I am concerned the prince is a very just and kind man, he is honest, respectful, truthful and caring and faithful to his subjects. Compared to his qualities his follies can easily overlooked. " "You speak wisely yet I find it difficult to overlook these follies of his, maybe because the way you and I look at these situations is different. You consider your provider next to almighty and I …" I could not bring myself to finish the sentence not when I no longer knew how long I would be provided for. I knew that no matter how hard I tried to show that I was capable of taking care of myself and that I wasn't scared deep down I always knew that I was terrified of what the future had in store for me. I needed time but I could have none of it for any business establishment that opened before my father's death would indirectly become a part of his property so for any decision I had to make regarding my future I would have to wait for my father's death. I discreetly cleared my throat and turned to Margo. "You