The library was quiet, still, with barely a fraction of the students there since last week. Most students would like to spend their last few days at Hogwarts outside, or in the common room, or anywhere else that doesn't remind them of the N.E.W.T.s they just took and probably bombed. The only students left in the space were the ones that wanted a safe space to cry uninterrupted. Of course, if there was a student wailing at the top of his lungs with only short pauses to hiccup, then he would get nasty looks by the other watery eyed students and Madam Pince calling in the only possible people that could calm him down. "It's alright, buddy." Remus murmured to Peter, awkwardly laying his hand on his back in a desperate attempt to comfort him. "I'm sure it really isn't as bad as you think it is." "Yeah," Sirius cut in "I doubt you got the worst test scores like usual." Taunting, sarcastic comments is how Sirius shows his affection. Like most things, it is better used for times when it isn't pointing out a person biggest insecurity. Peter could only respond by letting out another anguished howl. "Nice going!" James hushed at Sirius' horrified face as he rushed to Peter's side. All three felt rather out of their element but James is the only one who grew up in an environment with parents that both cared and knew about to express that they cared, so he wasn't completely clueless emotionally. "Sirius was only teasing you, you know that right?" James took over for Remus with a much more confident hand. "None of us think you failed – hell, we all studied together so as long as you remember what we talked about than everything turned out fine." Peter's tears took a turn into a developing panic attack when he revealed "I couldn't – remember – anything!" "Nothing?" Remus asked He shook his head no as the damage that standardized tests do to young students psyche slowly sinks in. Madam Pince at this point was both passionately empathic and sincerely annoyed with the loud crying that she came up to them with a small vial in her hand. "This is the last of the calming drought I have." It was barely a gulp; the majority having been used for other student who had a mental breakdown before the potion supply started to dwindle. Still, the bright blue liquid was tempting. "I think it would work best if you find someplace less occupied." They all agreed, mostly because they were desperate for advice, and carried Peter out the door as if they were all 16 year old's not equipped for this sort of thing. The calming-drought only helped so much, so it was just Peter with tear streaks on his face, hands and knees shaking badly, with three worried boys trailing behind him. Remus suggested ducking in an empty classroom. "Oh yes, bring someone just coming out of N.E.W.T.s back into a classroom." Sirius remarked. "Usually your tauntingly sexy brain produces better ideas, but I guess today it's just here tease me." They were just wandering aimlessly down a hallway, hoping the movement would level Peter's head, before he came to an abrupt stop. "Do you hear that?" There's an echo of footsteps. It's seconds before they find the source, but it rears it's ugly head around the corner and they see it's Hufflepuff prefect Georgie Turner. He's alright, in the looks department. Has clear skin, good hair, pretty tall. Attractive enough to be noticed out of the crowd, and is even charming if you were to ask any of them, the most upstanding heterosexuals of the school. "I don't want anyone to see me like this!" Peter panics before rushing ahead of them into the first room he saw. They rushed in after him, completely understanding the horror of being seen by Georgie when you aren't perfectly primped to be your most attractive. "Alright, we're alone Peter." "Exactly my plan all along." Sirius remarked before Remus could silently stare him down from an inappropriate comment. "Where are we, anyway?" The room was empty in the middle, with only mostly bare shelfs lining the walls. There's a single bottle with a note attached to the cork. It was lit just enough for them to read, but otherwise it was like there was a dark blue tint to everything. "Not sure." James said, approaching it like a puzzle. "Not a classroom, too large to be a broom closet." He picked over the single bottle filled with bright blue liquid and read the note. "'For Peter'. Was someone waiting for us?" Peter, normally the one to anxiously overthink things, took the calming drought and downed it, hoping to feel better both in the moment and about himself. It was the perfect amount to stop the shaking, not a drop over. "Do you want to hang out here for a minute? Compose yourself?" Remus asked. "I wish there were some chairs around here . . . " Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed four individual armchairs, all of different colors. "Oh, I guess there is." "Were they there before?" James asked before moving Peter over to the deep red one. He claimed the emerald green while Sirius sprawled himself over the rich purple. This left Remus with a warm brown. "Not sure, but they're in all our favorite colors." Sirius said. "It's probably a trap. But a comfy one." "Most likely." "Absolutely suspicious." "Don't trust it for a minute." "Well, it can't be completely planned for us." Peter said. "Who would plan a room for us and not leave Remus a book to read." They all chuckled, mostly happy that he's making cracks again, but the mood was soiled when Remus started to sit down but jumped back up. "Sit on a tac?" "No, sat on a – "he picked up a square from his armchair "a book." "What the fuck." Sirius remarked. "Wait, could this be?" James asked. "The room." Peter said. "The room where everything you could possibly need is hidden away?" Sirius asked. "The room of requirement." Remus finished. "This is downright the most amazing thing you have ever stumbled across while running away from your crush, Peter." Sirius said. "I don't have a crush on George." Peter lied. "Hey, James." Remus said, staring straight down at the book. "Listen to this title. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone." Silence followed. "Wait, Potter?" James asked. "Is this about my family? Do I even have an ancestor named Harry?" "Looks like it." Peter pointed with a steady hand to the young boy on the cover, with jet black hair happily catching a snitch. "Almost a split image, except paler." Remus flipped open the cover and a piece of ripped parchment fell out onto the ground. James was the first one to grab it, and he read it aloud to the room. Published in 1997, this is the future adventures of your son, James. "What the fuck is this?" Sirius asked. "Who the fuck is pulling all this together?" You might be wondering who is pulling all this together, but I recommend reading the book for now. All will be revealed in due time. KNH." " P.S. This is the American print. Make fun of the slang if you want." Between the four of them, there was an overflow of thoughts on what could be really going on. This is all a prank by someone, possibly Snivellus Snape. Except why would he do something like this? Not his style. Maybe it's an elaborate detention set up for one of their pranks. Except they haven't done anything all during testing. Maybe it's legit? "Should we read it?" Peter asked as Remus sat back down, chewing his lip with thought. (Normally Sirius would find it very distracting, but now he found it mildly distracting.) "I think we should." James is the most eager about this, almost tempted to snatch it from Remus' hand and read it, but restraining himself. "Well," Remus spoke eventually. "How else are we going to get to the end of the mystery?" and settled deep into the armchair and starting reading to the group. Chapter one: The Boy Who Lived "I don't like what that implies." James interrupts. "It's just a metaphor, relax. It's for the arty crowd." Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, ... thank you very much. "If you have to tell people you're normal, then you're not very normal." Peter says. They were the last people you'd expect to be involved strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such strange nonsense. "They're trying really hard to convince us that they don't have a torture sex dungeon in their basement." "Are all muggles this bland?" Sirius asked. "Well, my mom hid the fact that I'm a blood thirsty werewolf for 11 years, so I'm gonna have to say no" Remus said. "And both my parents successfully hid their torture sex dungeon without being this obvious about it, so I will also have to agree to disagree." Peter nods. Mr. Dursley ... which made – "Dildos?" drills. "Damn." James sighed. "The fuck is a drill?" Sirius asked. "How did you even pass Muggle Studies?" Remus asked instead of answering. He was a ... mustache. "Just like the biker fellows in the type of bars I frequent." Sirius smirked. Mrs. Dursley ... neck, Remus paused in anticipation of a comment from Sirius, which wasn't coming. "Aren't you going to make a sexual comment about that?" "Don't see the point, she doesn't sound like my type." "Of course she doesn't." Which ... son – "Yes, because this is the exact family I imagine when you mention a loving family environment." Remus said. and ... around. The Dursleys ... secret, "Told you. Torture sex dungeon." and ... it. "Definitely a tortu-" "You mention the torture sex dungeon one more time I'm going to sock you." James said, surprisingly. Sirius drew his hand up in a defense. "Didn't mean nothing by it, mate." Remus paused from reading and looked up with a concerned look. "Everything good?" "Yeah," James sighed. "I guess I'm a little tense from the whole premise. I just want know about my son." "Or if this is even really legit." Peter was always a skeptic if the information came from someone he doesn't trust, and a bit too gullible for the people he does. Why would someone give them a book from the future and only sign with their initials? Is it even their initials? He kept his fears to himself though, not wanting to cause James to worry about anything more. They ... the Potters. "I'm related to these people?!" "You know what, I too would want to hide the fact that I'm related to you." James threw a pillow directly into Sirius' face, hopefully wrecking his hair he spends so much time caring about. Mrs. Potter ... sister, "Get better in-laws." but ... husband "Be a better in-law." were as unDursleyish ... be. "Is that a word? UnDursleyish?" "Don't pretend you care about grammer now, Padfoot." "But I always care about the words that come out of your mouth." He batted his eyes in a way that was supposed to be adorable and Remus was not approved. The Dursleys ... him. "Thank goodness." "Now now, Wormtail, the correct way to phrase it is 'Thank fucking goodness."" This ... that. "I don't want to be the person who cries racist, but I'm just saying, I think they would lock their doors if I was walking across the street." "Except you're Indian Prongs. I on the other hand – " "The joke on your last name doesn't work when you're the whitest guy in the whole school." "You keep saying that, but I think it's ironic." When ... starts, "It took 30 minutes for the story to start?!" "It wouldn't take that long if you would shut up