~*~ Eternal ~*~ Disclaimer: I own nothing of twilight or any of the characters. Everything belongs to Stephenie Meyer. ~ I would like to apoligize to every one who has been reading my previous story Uncondiontal Love. I am very sorry for all those who were following it, and I hope this story makes up for that. This one is already finished, and I am simply tweaking each chapter before I post it. I hope you enjoy. ~ For those interested in the Lemon filled version please reffer to my profile for the necessary links. I will put up the links as the chapters missing lemons are uploaded. xxx ~ Romance ~ Bella + Edward ~ Rated M – Because there is some violence in one of the chapters. Not between Bella and Edward. ~ Bella – Eighteen years old. ~ Edward – Twenty Two ~*~ Chapter One ~*~ I woke up to the sound of the rain tapping against the window, my dream still as clear as the memory it was born from. As I laid there I watched the rain fall outside of my window like a curtain of tears. I stayed there, unmoving for a long time, before I dragged myself off the bed and picked out a fresh set of clothes, and then walked down the hall and into the bathroom. I took care of my morning business, brushed my teeth, then tied my hair up in a bun and stepped into the shower; the warm water felt nice against my stiff muscles. I reluctantly turned the water off, and quickly dried and got dressed, since the house was too cold – due to the fact that I had been unable to pay the heating bill – for me to be walking around with only a towl on. I threw my used clothes in the hamper, pulled the hairband out of my hair, then walking back to my room I pulled on my trainers and walked downstairs and into the kitchen. I grabbed a bowl from the cupboard and poured myself some ceral, before sitting down at the kitchen table. I could still hear the sound of my mom huming while she cooked, or laughing with a laugh that always made you laugh. The once sweet memories were now bitter sweet in my mind, as I ate my cherios one at a time to pass the time. When I was finished I cleared my bowl and spoon away, I pulled on my raincoat from the hall way. I paused to glance in to the livingroom, where my step-father was sat in the armchair watching something on TV with a beer in his hand, like he did every day. He was only in his early thiries, yet he had aged ten years in the last two years. For only a second I contemplated telling him that I was going out, but in the next second I decided not too, for I doubted he would care. I sighed, for he had once been a nice guy – we had gotten along from the start, for he had always treated my mom with respect and love. They were a perfect match, but the drepression and the alcohol had changed him to someone who I no longer recognize as my step-father. I walked out of the house that had once been filled with so much love and laughter, yet was now a dwelling place of silence and sadness. I walked towards the woods, planning on a walk to clear my head and allow me to breath for a short time, before I had to go back inside the house and cook dinner. Most of my friends had left for college, and it was hard to know that I was not able to follow any of them, for I could barley efford the bills I had to pay, let alone pay for college. And just to make things worse, Mrs Newton had informed me and the rest of the staff that she and Mr Newton were selling the restaurant and that she would have to let all of the staff go. After working at Eclipse for two years I had been let go with only my last paycheck which would not even get us through another month, and a good reference that will not put food on the table. I felt a moment of envy at my friends – and work colleagues – Jane, Victoria and James, for they either had family or savings to fall back on, while I had neither. I had cried that night, for there were not many jobs in Forks, what with it being such a small town, and I could not see how I was going to be able to pay the bills. It had been two days since that night and the weight on my shoulders was more than I should have had to deal with. I had not told Phil that I had lost my job, since I knew that it would not have changed anything, since he was usually too drunk to even notice I was in the same room as him. Or maybe he chose to ignore me. It was time likes this when I wished that I had a larger family, for it would have been nice to have someone to help me, someone who I could have gone to when I needed them. Unfortunately my mom was an only child – due to the car accident which left too much damage to the lining of my grandmother's womb to carry another pregnancy. And my grandmother's sister's had passed away when they were still teenagers in a boating accident. Was my family cursed with bad luck? Why else would so many bad things happen to each generation of my family? Maybe that was why each generation was left with only one child. Would I carry on the tradition someday? As I continued to walk my thoughts became deeper and I did not take much notice as to where I was going. ~ A couple of hours later ~ I sighed as I looked around at the endless trees. I had never gone this far into the woods before, and now I was lost. I had tried going back the way I had came, however that only seemed to get me more lost. I wrapped my arms around myself, as a cool breeze brushed passed me, and although my body temperature ran a little lower than a normal humans, the cold still sent a chill down my spine. My frustration began to turn to worry as the light began to fade from the sky and the shadows of the forest grew around me. Soon it would be dark and there would be no hope of me finding my way back to the path, if I could not see where I was going. My mom had always warned me about going into the woods at night, and now my mind began to race with scary thoughts. What if something happened to me? What if an animal attacked me? What were the chances of someone finding me? I felt my normally slow beating heart begin to dance to a fast rhythm, and I closed my eyes as I took a deep breath, for even though fear kept you alive, kept you alert, it would not have done me any good to panic. It was moments like this when I understood why a vampire would be so protective of his mate, for hybrids were almost as fragile as humans. I could run slightly faster, see a little clearer, and hear a little better, but in every other way I was almost normal. Almost. Due to my vampire genes my ageing process would someday stop once I reached the same age of the dad, and unfortunately it was one of the many questions I had never asked my mom. Which left me in the dark in many areas. One of them being why she would marry a human, who was unaware of what she was, when she knew someday she would have to admit the truth, or leave him. Yet at the same time, she had taught me an important lesson, for while my mom was still pregnant with me, my dad Charlie had not returned to see my mom again – I know it broke her heart, even though she never told me, for I was able to see it in her eyes – and when I was ten–years old she married a human man called Phil, and although they tried, they were never able to conceive a child, which only proved the myth that had been passed down through my family that hybrids could not conceive a human child. Maybe that was why she had doted on me as much as she had. Although most of the time I was more of a parent to her than she was to me, for Renee was always looking for something new to try and that sometimes resulted in a few bad ideas. However, she was very easily lead, and I was able to talk her out some of the bad ideas. Most of the time. I sighed again as I sat down on the trunk of a fallen tree. After a few minutes I stood and once again looked around at the trees, before I began to walk again, hoping that if I kept to one direction I would find a way out, but the trees were endless, as if for ever step I took the forest expanded another mile. Why had I left my cell phone at the house? I should have known that the one time I leave the house without it, would be the day I need it the most. I stopped when I felt the sky open up above me, and release all it had on the ground below. "Really?" I asked, throwing my hands up in the air as I looked up at the treetops. As if this day was not bad enough, the universe had to throw this at me. "Haven't I suffered enough?" I demanded, knowing that no one would answer, yet wishing that there was someone to explain why everything had gone wrong? I had never hurt anyone, never done anything to anyone! So why me? I took a deep breath to stop myself from crying, for my will too be strong was being tested to it's limit and I was not sure how much longer it would last. I forced myself to keep moving, while I held on to the hope that I would find my way out of this mess and I would be safe and dry back at the house. I don't know how long I walked when, I felt something shift in the atmosphere. And the noises of the forest went silent, as if in anticipation of what would happen next. I stopped still and listened for any sign that I was being tracked by an animal, the sound of a twig snapping, the crunch of leaves under paws or a growl from somewhere dark and hidden. Mountain lions and bears were common in these woods, and my heart skipped a beat at the thought of being attacked by an animal that could take me down with no difficulty. But there was only the sound of the rain. Which only scared me more, for it provided a hiding place for small sounds of danger. Still I waited. And waited. As the rain continued to drip through the tree tops I could feel that there was something wrong – like on a dark night when you are walking home alone and the feel of eyes on you causes goosbumps on your skin. I could not bring myself to move, for fear that something nasty would jump out of the darkness and attack me if I so much as flinched. Time seemed to freeze as