A Comforting Dream Warnings: Slash but nothing too serious. If you don't like it don't read it, and if you do like it then thank you very much. Peace and love to you. Disclaimer: No, I do not own Merry or Pippin or any of the other characters mentioned in the story. If you're not smart enough to know this then maybe you shouldn't be reading anything on this site...XD just joking. No, really I was serious, just so ya know. XP **Joke** Pippin laughed drunkenly as he took another sip from his mug of ale. Sitting across from him was his best friend in the world, Merry, who was staring at Pippin with an amused gleam in his crystal blue eyes. "Steady now, steady!" he said warningly as he outstretched his arms in case Pippin were to lose what little balance he had left and fall out of his seat. "Steady on, Pip!" Pippin just laughed and allowed himself to fall from his chair into his friend's open arms. Pippin smiled in a childish way and his own earthy green eyes met Merry's blue ones. "Merry," he said in an exceedingly perplexed way, "you have a twin!" Merry allowed a slight grin to form at the corners of his mouth as he stared down at his friend. Although he hadn't yet taken notice, the other Hobbits in the tavern had begun to stare at the odd spectacle. "Oh really?" he asked Pippin as he carefully helped him back into his chair, "and how is that so?" Pippin giggled drunkenly and allowed some of his auburn curls to fall in his face. "No, really!" he insisted as he unsteadily pointed at Merry, "You have a twin!" "And how is it that I've had a twin for so long and never known it?" He laughed and said in a slurred voice, "He's right there." and the drunk little Hobbit reached out and clumsily hit Merry on the nose. Merry recoiled slightly and put a hand over his nose. "Ow! Hey, watch it, will you?" Pippin once again giggled and dangled his legs from the chair that he was sitting on. "Sorry, Merr, I can't help it." and he tried to take another sip of ale, but Merry snatched his mug away from him and held it out of reach. Pippin reacted to this with a sullen frown and the question of, "What's that for, Merry? C'mon now, be a good friend and give it back!" Just as Merry opened his mouth to respond, he felt a tap on his shoulder and heard the full, hearty voice of the tavern owner say loudly, "Come on now, son, out ya go." and Merry felt himself being hauled out of his chair and to his feet. He looked at the tavern keeper with a frown on his face. "Beg your pardon?" "Out, both you and your drunken friend." he said sternly. "You two trouble making halflings have long overstayed your welcome." "But Pip can't even sit straight!" Merry protested as he motioned over to his friend, who sat in his seat staring at the tavern keeper with an aloof look in his green eyes. The tavern keeper shrugged and took the two mugs of ale from Merry. He said loftily, "Not my problem, Brandybuck. Now if you and that fool of a Took would kindly head home, I think that we'd all appreciate it." Merry took this opportunity to peer past the old tavern keeper and into the staring faces of the Hobbits behind him. He flashed them a quick, awkward smile, not realizing until then how disturbing and loud he and Pippin's behavior must have been. Quick as a flash he turned back to Pippin and tapped him on his shoulder; the younger Hobbit was still mourning over his lost ale. "Whaddu want?" "Come on, Pip. It's time to go." Pippin nodded and blinked his eyes in a weak attempt to get them to refocus, to get the room to stop spinning. With the help of Merry he was finally able to succeed in getting out of his seat and to the tavern door, but just before they went out he stumbled and nearly lost his balance. Thankfully Merry was there to catch him. "Thanks, Merry." he muttered in an almost embarrassed way as he put an arm around his friend's shoulders in an attempt to steady himself. Despite himself Merry couldn't help but almost relish the sudden added warmth of Pippin, and he found himself sighing deeply as he opened the doors of the tavern. What he saw made all of his newfound joy drain away. It was raining, and raining hard at that. His face fell as he watched the thousands of falling raindrops land on the now muddy road that led to the tavern. Pippin also frowned. "It's rainin', Merry. Why's that?" "I...I don't know, Pip." he had to work hard not to sound too annoyed at the other Hobbit. "But I thought that when we came in it wasn't raining." "That's because it wasn't raining then, understand?" "Oh." was all that Pippin said for a second before he dared to add, "But it wasn't raining then. Why has it decided to rain now?" "I don't know, Pip, okay?! Do you think that I know the weather personally?" Merry asked, his voice edgy as he tried to fix his cloak so that it covered more of Pippin than himself. He didn't know why he did this, only that it must be done because Pippin was very special to him, and if anything happened— Stop thinking like that! Merry thought to himself. It's not natural. Then another voice spoke, one that was significantly more powerful than the other one: But he's your best friend, he's almost like a brother to you; of course you are right to love him. Love? Who ever said anything about love? "Why are we still standin' here, Merry?" "I don't know." another slight pause then, "Okay, then. Let's go...oh, and Pip?" Pippin turned his gaze in his direction, and Merry didn't know why, but suddenly that familiar warm feeling came over him just as it had come when Pippin had fallen into his arms back in the tavern. Even in the cold of the rain he felt warm and content, and this feeling was only heightened when he looked over and saw how much trouble Pippin was having getting the world back in order. "Yeah, Merr?" He hesitated then shook his head. "Nah, never mind." and they both stepped out of the safe dryness of the tavern and into the rain. The rain seemed to have sobered the Hobbit up quite a bit and removed some of the silly, childish behavior that he had been acting with before; he was cold, wet, and now his brain had began to pound as he tried to put reality back together again. A surge of sympathy filled Merry, and without realizing it he hugged Pippin closer to him, so close that he could just feel the other Hobbit's curly hair tickling his neck. He smiled at this and let out another contented sigh. "Hey, Merry?" Pippin suddenly asked, speaking rather loud, trying to drown out the sound of the rain pounding against the ground, "What're you smiling at?" As quickly as the little, tentative grin had come, it dissolved as Merry looked up ahead at the road. "Nothing." "But I want to know." Merry shook his head and said thoughtfully, "No, I don't think that you do." This only confused Pippin more, and this was evidently not good; his brain let out a scream of pain as he stumbled down the street. Impulsively he reached over for something to grab, something to comfort him and make him feel better. He grabbed at Merry's wrist and clutched it tight, in the exact same manner as a small child might. "But I do want to know," he managed to say through the pain of his ale—driven headache, "I really do." He felt Merry shake his head once more. "No you don't because there's nothing to know." They walked in silence for a little while longer. Merry looked up at the sky and was pleasantly surprised to see that the rain had nearly ceased falling, but still he shivered. He was freezing! He felt something shaking his hand and when he looked down he saw that it was actually Pippin's hand that was trembling so, and when his eyes ventured up to the young Hobbit's face he saw that Pippin looked utterly miserable. Merry gave him a reassuring smile. "Home can't be far now, can it?" "At least the rain's nearly sto--" just as he began to say this, with a sudden crack of thunder and blaze of lightning the ran began to pour again, this time more violently than before. Merry sighed and rolled his eyes. Pippin just shrugged and grinned innocently. Merry shifted his gaze down to his mud—covered feet then to Pippin's. He watched as the mud squelched in between his toes as he walked, watched as the slippery wet earth caused the already stumbling Hobbit to lean even more on Merry. Perhaps it was because he was so busy staring at the mud between his toes so intently that he didn't have time to warn Pippin as his foot hit the slippery mud the wrong way so that it slid out from under him. "Merry!" Pippin exclaimed as his feet flew out from under him and he fell down onto the ground, taking the other Hobbit with him. "Merry, I'm sorr--" "Pippin, it's fine, just relax, okay?" Merry said hastily as he hurried to his feet, ignoring the mud that clung to his clothes.. He looked over at Pippin's now strained and pained face and his heart filled with worry. "What's wrong?" he asked as he knelt down next to his friend and laid his hand gently on his shoulder. "You look so pale..." Pippin looked down and winced as he tried to move his foot. Merry looked down at it and frowned. "It hurts," Pippin said with a grimace. "I can't move it." Merry swallowed down the fear that was threatening to overpower him. He could not panic; he must not panic. If anything, it was just a twisted ankle, nothing too serious. But still, when he looked up at Pippin, watched the drops of rainwater slowly slide down his cheeks, fall in clear beads from his auburn hair, watched his green eyes sparkle with both pain and excitement, he felt his heart constrict with worry. To him this was just another adventure, another thing that Merry could fix. Once again the rain had began to let up, and now only a few small droplets of rain fell, though this was still enough to keep Merry freezing as he gently pressed his hand to Pippin's already swelling ankle; the other Hobbit let out a low hiss of pain and recoiled. "Don't do that!" "Well how am I supposed to figure out what's wrong with it if you won't let me see it?" Merry asked as he stared at Pippin. The Hobbit shrugged. "I dunno, just don't touch it; it hurts too much." Merry nodded and looked back down at the ankle. If Meriadoc Brandybuck had ever had any hope of being some kind of doctor or Elven healer it faded as soon as he peered back down at his friend's ankle. It was swelling fast, a sure sign of some kind of damage, but this knowledge didn't help Merry much. Instead of doting on this lack of knowledge, however, he pretended to know what the problem was and looked back up at Pippin. "Can you stand?" He shrugged. "I dunno." Merry sighed. What had he expected? Despite Pippin's lack of an answer, he rose to his feet and held out his arm to his friend. "Come on. We can't sit in this street forever." "But I--" "Come