AN: This is very much an experimentation for me. I have never written something which is purely romance before and so any criticism and feedback will be very much appreciated. I have held a fascination for a while now for the relationship between Lothiriel and Edoras, so this is my attempt at writing the beginning of their marriage. Please enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own The Lord of the Rings. To suggest so is terrible considering the sheer genius of Tolkien. He created an entire language from scratch! It takes two to speak the truth - One to speak, and another to hear. (Henry David Thoreau (1817-62), US writer) I stand on top of the steps leading up to the hall. I am alone for the first time since crossing through what was once only passable to the dead. Well, almost alone. There are guards behind me, but they do not pay me mind. I need the time to think. I need to get away from the crowds of people wishing me well. I do not think they can understand what I am going through. It is all I can do not to cry as I look across the plains. I know I cannot though. Here, I am in full view of a watching people. But this is the only place where I can have a semblance of happiness. There are memories of standing in this place which I hope never to lose. It should be easy to loves this place. Sometimes, when the weather is clear it seems like the most beautiful place on earth with its endless sea of grass. Most of the time though it is cold, with winds that pick up speed as it travels across the land until it meets Edoras, the place where I am soon to make my home. It is ironic, isn't it? A princess of the land by the sea to become the Queen of the sea of grass and its warrior people. I am not prepared. I have never been prepared even though I was raised from birth to become Queen of this land. It's just, I always expected a different husband. Not that my husband, or future husband, I remind myself, is not a man to be respected. It's just, I don't know him. I've met him once and then only briefly. Then he was a mere soldier, a royal one to be sure, but only the nephew of the King. He was escorting his cousin to meet his fiancé...me. How can I marry him when I still mourn his cousin? My Theo. We couldn't meet often. The distance you see, but he had such a way to make me perfectly at ease. He had a jester's heart. It seems like an insult to call a prince a jester but he was. He'd laugh at himself just as easily as he laughed at others. I remember once, three years ago, on his last visit, we'd been walking by the sea – not alone, we could never have had that privacy. We were on this small outcropping of rocks, looking for crabs. It was something I used to do with my brothers and he thought it would be fun. The rocks were wet and he slipped. His hands flew around him and he landed face first in the water. I was worried for just a second, but then he emerged, none worse for wear, all his finery soaked to the skin, and with a crab on his head. I laughed. He was laughing as well. I will never forget his laughter. I loved him. I never told him, but I did and I think he knew it. Now I am to marry his cousin. It seems like a betrayal. I know that he wouldn't mind. Love never factors into political alliances and I would have to marry someone. I just wish it wasn't to a member of his family. His cousin should have been my cousin, not my husband. Never my husband. Theo would understand though. He loved his country and this marriage is necessary, more so than ever and even a jester never forgets his duty. I wonder when the marriage is... consummated whether I will be thinking of Theo or not? I don't imagine so. Theo had this sort of lightness to him, even when things in the Mark began to worsen. He had this way of smiling at me. His half-crooked, easy grin. He was always such a gentlemen, so gallant! Especially around others. I remember this grand ball we once had. All the ladies were fawning over him and I was getting so angry and jealous. He bowed over each hand, engaged in polite conversation and danced with nearly all of them. But then his eyes caught mine from across the room and his smile changed to that half-crooked grin. He shrugged his shoulders, and I knew he was saying, 'Yes, I know, but what can you do.' I just waited. I waited until he could disengage himself and then he led me in a dance, and another and another. Even when the dance required we switch partners his eyes never left my own. I could feel the heat of it burning into my back as I twirled. It was that time I knew he loved me as well. Now, he is dead and I am to marry his cousin. The one I do not know. At least, at least he is unlike his cousin in looks. I couldn't bear it for any amount of money if they were alike. It would kill me I think. But they are not. Where Theo was lightness, he is stern and where Theo was a jester, his temper is well known. At least he is honourable. At least I can respect him, if never love. I do not think I can ever love another. It is done. I am married. I did my duty to the people, by seeming to be happy. I did not dishonour them by crying at my wedding. My coronation will be tomorrow after the consummation. That is what I am waiting for. My husband who should have been my cousin. The ladies have retired back to the celebration and I am lying in the King's bed in but a nightgown. I feel like I am naked. He is not the man I should be doing this with. I can hear raucous laughter coming from the King's receiving room. That is where the King is being prepared. Do they not realise that I can hear every jest? Doesn't it bother them? Then I can hear the King's voice, my husband's voice dismissing them and I know any moment the chamber door is going to open and he will be there and he will see the tears that I shed when all others had left me alone. I cannot be embarrassed for it. I did not let anyone see. I did not disgrace him or myself. He cannot be angry at me for that and I will not hide what I feel from him. I cannot love him and I will not dishonour us both by pretending to. The door creaks open and there he is, dressed for sleep. He smiles for a moment and then he notices my tears and his shoulders seem to sag. He looks disappointed, though he shouldn't be. He steps into the room and shuts the door behind him. The room seems to shrink and become oppressive. He seems uncertain for a second before he steps determinedly into the room and sits on the edge of the bed. I do not shy away, though I am tempted to. There is an awkward silence and then he breaks it. "I am sorry," he breathes in his deep voice and there is another difference for Theo's voice was light and soft. I shrug my shoulder and say, "It is not your fault." And it isn't. Not really. Even though I want to blame him for it. I want to blame someone for it, but both of us know our duty. For the first time I wonder whether he also had a lover. Then I think that unless she is dead, he may still have a lover. There was nothing to stop a man from taking one. Unthinkingly I ask him and for the first time he looks shocked, then he angers and I see a glimpse of that famed temper. He gets up and stalks furiously, clenching and unclenching his fist. "What? No! What sort of man do you... I mean to say. I am married!" I duck my head in embarrassment and twiddle the sheets between my fingers. Of course he wouldn't. Didn't I know how honourable he was? A man like him would not contemplate having a mistress. A man like him would stay faithful to a wife, even one he didn't love. He notices my embarrassment and his anger, quick to come but just as quick to fall, fades. He sits on the bed again and lifts my chin to look into his eyes. "My Lady. I understand that this is not easy for you and that you do not love me, but I gave my word to be faithful to you." I nod slowly and he releases me, once he's sure that I understand. Then I say, "Shall we..." and gesture to the bed. I cannot bring myself to say what it is. Sex sounds so coarse and make love would just be a lie. It is awkward to say anything at all, but I do not wish to prolong this night. I want it to be over so I can sleep and dream of the man that I do love and dream of times by the sea. He replies carefully, "I do not wish to force you." But I can see the plea in his eyes and again I understand. Our marriage needs to be consummated so I can be Queen and Rohan needs a Queen. There are ways to get around that, but there is a more pressing issue. He needs an heir. It seems so coarse to think like that, but it is true. He is the last of his line, bar a sister whose heart now belongs to another land. It would be unthinkably cruel to wrench it from her. "I know my duty," I simply say and really, without Theo, it is all I have left. My family will be leaving soon and I will be stuck in a strange land with a man I do not love. He takes my hand in his own and says, "When we have an heir..." he trails off and I am reminded of how new and how awkward this marriage is. We are strangers, but will that change or will we remain strangers? I cannot love him, but perhaps in time we could become friends? It would be nice to have a friend. "Wake up," a voice hisses in my ear and I moan and roll over, hugging the blanket close to me in an effort to conserve heat. It is so cold. The fire has long since burnt out and I am not used to the climate. Someone touches my arm and shakes me gently. I open a bleary eye and groan, "What is it?" It is my husband. He is fully dressed and wide awake. He smiles at me and though I do not love him, in the two months of our marriage we have come to a sort of understanding about that. We give a charade of love during the day, one which doesn't fool those closest to him but does its job in fooling the populace who rejoice in their pretty, young Queen. In the evening, behind closed doors, we do not pretend, we can just be ourselves which is nice. We continue to lie with each other and I must admit to not