Prologue Charlie Swan sighed, sitting on the corner of his daughter's bed. The doctor had told him that the only way to help was to keep her cool, and pray, so that's what the worried father did. He took her thin sheet and dipped it in the ice water again before laying it across her shuddering body. She cried out and the chief of police forced himself to ignore it. His little girl was only twelve, barely a woman, but if this fever didn't break soon, she wouldn't survive the night. Isabella flailed again, caught in a fitful sleep, her body exhausted from the battle against the heat. She had been warming up over the last week and it wasn't until she gave her father a scorching hug that he'd become worried. It turned out that she had been suffering from a 110 degree fever, and the doctor hadn't told Charlie, but it was getting worse. she wasn't going to survive the night. Six hours after dusk fell, Charlie went downstairs to refill the ice water tub. He was so focused on his task that it took him a few moments to register the crash of shattering glass and rush up the stairs. Water spilled across the kitchen floor as the Chief of police threw himself up the stairs. "Isabella!" He stumbled into his daughter's room, his foot catching on the door frame. He slammed to the floor and looked up to see that her window was smashed, and her bed was empty, clothes and bedding shredded, and her room trashed by something big. Charlie shoved himself to his feet, racing to the window and only barely stopped himself from flying out, "ISABELLA!" "Wake up Jezebel!" A sharp stick rapped against the metal bars encasing the beautiful bronze puma. "It's time to earn your meals." The man snapped, rapping the bars. The beast stretched luxuriously, ignoring the blatant threat in his words. James Seacourt however, is not a man to be messed with, and when the great animal didn't leave the cage and follow the path to the training area, he jabbed the cat's massive flank. "Move!" He snapped. The cat lunged away faster than should be possible and hissed at him, ears tucked back on the massive head. James gestured with his stick, and the cat huffed, lifting its head proudly and stalking through the path like she was bored, not goaded. That attitude had earned her the name of Jezebel, the saucy temptress of the Bible. At first James had been leery about picking up an animal so common as a cougar for his animal act, but after seeing her perform, he'd made a deal. He scratched his chin as he followed the massive beast. The first thing that always stood out about Jezebel was her sheer mass, she was over four feet at the shoulder, and nearly four meters long from shoulder to tail. At that size, she was as big as your average tiger, and he paid for it. In fact, with a little added ruff, and some painted on stripes, she was a pretty good substitute. Once you got past her size, she was extremely intelligent, seemingly bored by the tricks that would have most cats confused, or at least frightened. More than once James had wondered if the beast was able to open the doors on her cage. When those days came around, he made sure to beat her a little harder, tire her out more. The beast earned him a pretty penny. It was actually the fact that she was a common beast that had the crowds rushing in. Everyone had seen trained lions, tigers, and bears, but a Puma leaping through flaming rings, climbing ladders, and even putting her massive teeth around the skulls of his performers had the bloody idiots eating from the palm of his hand. In fact, as soon as he entered the tent, he saw Jezebel 'playing'. She would climb up the ladder to the trapeze and sit up there watching them all move about, her tail twitching. James imagined it was the closest thing to a tree she had gotten in the last few years. "Get your ass down here Jezebel!" He snapped, cracking his whip against the floor. The cat yawned, then made a sound that felt like a child mimicking a bossy parent as she stood up. "Now." He glared up at her. The cat looked over the edge, and then took a careful leap, landing in the catch net without any trouble. From there she hopped off and walked over to James. She sat in front of him, her tail twitching back and forth like she was waiting for something. James growled, not liking the way she watched him like a piece of meat, the bored look in her eyes made him think of a cat playing with a mouse. "Up." He cracked the whip. She mouthed off again, but she jumped up and clapped her paws a good twenty feet in the air. He ran the cat through the routine, warming her up before the first show of the night started. The other performers watched while they practiced their own acts. He knew the creature evoked the same feeling of awe from the other performers. She had been in his little circus longer than nearly anyone else, almost ten years, and she still pranced around like a spring chicken with no signs of slowing. It was unnerving. Jezebel performed her act flawlessly, and as soon as she was done, she sauntered away and sat down to clean the dirt off her paws, still watching him with that predatory intensity. He knew that she was just waiting for the chance to get him, he didn't know what she was waiting for, but he would be ready. James Seacourt is no pushover, and no overgrown housecat is going to outsmart him. Twenty-five years. It took James nearly twenty-five years to break that damn cat, and good god did he break her. He smirked as he approached her cage and immediately she was standing and alert, aware that he was not afraid to use his prod on her. As soon as the gate was open, she trotted out, head down, her brown eyes dead like they were supposed to be. He'd done away with all the gates and passages a while back, it was too much hassle, and now with Jezebel as docile as a kitten he didn't worry about escapes or attacks. She kept a close eye on him, watching for any cues he would give her at a moment's notice, testing the intelligent beast's intentions. He led her into the circle, again it was free of bars. Some of the newer members had been leery of working with such a large creature without any protection, but after seeing the perfect obedience that James' presence garnered, they stopped worrying. Some of the older crew seemed a little saddened by the change, missing the playful nature of the beast that had drawn them in, but as James had influenced Jezebel, he had also tamed his people into following his every word. People flooded in from every corner to see the great Jezebel in action, she was a stunning creature of grace and speed, and seeing her walk among the crowds without any restraints was both thrilling and terrifying. Half the county was in attendance, and Jezebel performed wonderfully, roaring at all the right times, jumping, leaping, standing on her back legs, she was the perfect little trained monkey for James, but tonight was different. She could feel it in the air, smell it in the breeze. A woman sat in the very front row, watching the bronze cat perform her routine, but instead of seeing the amazing feats, she saw the dead lifeless eyes of a broken creature, and she saw Jezebel's fear of the older man running the circus. As soon as the show was over, she walked over to join the line of people who went to pet the exhausted cat, and feed her kibble provided by the circus workers. The woman waited in line patiently until it was her turn, and she cupped the cat under the jaw and scratched gently, causing the animal to purr loudly, something most of the workers had never heard before. "I am Kira." She murmured, "And I will see you soon." Kira walked away, and Jezebel flopped on her stomach, too tired to bother sitting up again. James glared at her and cracked his whip threateningly, but for the first time in almost a decade, she ignore him, watching the tall amazonian woman with the dark hair and almond shaped eyes walk away with a regality that she had never seen in a human before. Jezebel gave a small wave of her tail, watching the woman go. She let herself hope that the human would come back. That night James beat her harshly for her disobedience. His leather whip left deep wounds across her flanks and back. She ached on every side, but she couldn't bring herself to lash out at him. He didn't even restrain her, she could have left at any moment, she knew she could, but where would she go? At least with James, she knew what to expect. He locked her in her cage, bleeding freely, and left to go celebrate the money he'd made off of Jezebel's pain. She flopped on her side, too tired to pace the edges of the cage, and waited for the wounds to knit themselves closed again. By morning she knew that they would all be gone, yet another perk of being an aberration. Jezebel dozed, awaiting the morning, but a flash of white caught her peripherals. The great cat sat up again, watching for the sight, and was surprised to see what looked to be an enormous beast, larger than herself approaching her cage. A tiger, so brilliant a white it seemed to glow, strode over fearlessly, and Jezebel felt something push at her mind. Words. "My name is Kira." Jezebel skidded back, her hair raised on end, her tail up, trying to hide her terror from the talking tiger. How the heck did she do that? Jezebel panicked, her back arching as she tried to shove more of herself into the corner, pressing back into the thick metal bars. "The same way you spoke to me little one." Her eyes were calm, but her… mental voice? Sounded amused. She reached over with a massive paw nearly the size of Jezebel's head and struck the heavy padlock, her claws slicing through it like razors through butter. Sparks flew, lighting the Tiger's face, and Jezebel realized she had the same piercing blue eyes as the woman from before. "Why are you here?" The Puma asked tentatively, unsure how to project her voice to this Kira. She hadn't even registered that her cage was open, never considered leaving the familiarity of her prison. Kira pushed the gate open with her nose, "I came to free you little one, before you forget who you truly are." When Jezebel didn't move, Kira chuffed at her and tossed her head, "Come with me little one. I won't harm you." Jezebel took a few tentative steps forward, her fur puffed out like a scared kit. "Where will we go?" Her ears twitched wildly, searching for any sign that James was coming back, her tail whipping back and forth from anxiety. "I will take you anywhere you wish to go little one." Kira nuzzled the smaller cat as soon as her head was out of the cage, providing the support that the kitten needed so greatly. Jezebel launched herself out of the cage, rubbing her cheek and side desperately against the massive tiger, purring loudly as she covered herself in Kira's scent. Kira chuffed again, sounding like she was laughing, and licked Jezebel's head, "Come with me, I shall get you washed and