I winced at the thick air that rushed in to greet me, it was heavy with water and colder than I'd expected. It was soothing and suffocating both in the same moment, and it's hard to believe that this used to be the norm for me. "It's like breathing soup, damn, you say you used to live here Sarge?" Airman Jordan asked, coming up behind me, wheezing a little. Phillips laughed and threw his arm around Jordan's neck, "You telling me you don't like breathing your water? Colonel Richards would say it was damn efficient. What do you say Sarge?" I raised an eyebrow at them, amused by their antics, they had been acting like children ever since we got the letter telling us to go home. First time my tour ended before the year was up, if I'm being honest, it's the first time my tour ended and I didn't plan on signing up for another. "I say get the hell off my base." I gave them both smiles, "I hear you have herds, no, droves of gorgeous women stalking your ugly mugs." Jordan blushed, he was the worst off, of the three of us, with burn weals all down his neck and chest, it wasn't ugly by any means, but it's enough to give any woman pause. Phillips straightened up a little, his grin shining against his mahogany skin, "Damn straight we do, and every one of them'll be jealous that you got a fistfull of our asses first." I rolled my eyes brushing of the reference to our first meeting, "Yeah and that was more than enough, so get." I loved them both like brothers, but I didn't want them in my hair anymore than I wanted to see Renee right now. The boys gave their salutes and raced down to the office to get their release papers in order, shoving and pushing like little boys. I stood with a wince, putting most of my weight on the cargo netting, nothing like a fifteen hour flight to stiffen the legs. I tossed my duffle over my shoulder and grabbed my crutches. It was a long walk to the office, but by the time I got there, all was prepared for me. Being a hero has it's perks sometimes. Dad waited for me in the parking lot outside the base, I didn't want him uncomfortable or me, and I knew he'd ask questions at all the saluting, maybe grumble about making an injured woman stand at attention. Everything would just go better with him and I meeting outside all of this. He met me at the car, gave me a hug and stowed my bags. Save for a short comment about how I cut a fine figure in my ABU's, that's my battle uniform for those uninitiated in the world of the military, we drove in absolute silence. That's why I need Charlie. No face paced talking, no interrogations about injuries. Just me and the quiet. The shrinks out there said I need people, and they're probably right, but I just don't think my mother would be a good fit for that. Charlie was there when I lost my shit the first time, at least this time he understands it. Even cops get damn PTSD. I passed out somewhere between Kitsap, the Seattle base, and Forks. It felt good to wake up in a quiet space, no guns, no chatter, no jokes about Taliban and ISIS, just good old shitty radio and my dad's solid presence. "How far?" I yawned, scrubbing at my eyes. All this sleep is starting to make me feel groggy, putting me on edge. My head may be in Forks, but my body is still at war, and groggy means people die. Charlie chuckled, and I tensed as we bumped over the curb and into the driveway, "Shit, sorry Charlie." I relaxed my death grip on the oh-shit handle. "Guess I was tired. Pop the trunk?" I started to get out and Charlie leveled me with a look that questioned every level of my already shaky sanity. "I'm getting your bag. Honestly Bella…" He shook his head and got out, taking my duffle over his shoulder before I could really muster up the energy to argue. Same old Charlie. I hobbled my way into the house, knowing I had to look like shit compared to the last time I'd gone on leave, at least then I'd been able to walk without a pair of aluminum sticks mocking my dignity. I followed him upstairs to see that my room was… Still… The same way I had it since I lived there as a kid. "Oh hell no. You put that bag on the couch." I shook my head at the small space, it was more than enough to live in, but it needed work. "I need to get new furniture, and some paint up there first." I refuse to live in the exact same room that a twelve year old slept in, let alone a stupid, infatuated teenager with the inability to tell the difference between love, and mutually beneficial bullying. Sure, I got the saint kissed right out of me, and damn did that virgin boy know how to kiss, but his behavior was nothing short of bullying. "I'll see if I can't get someone to take me up to Port Angeles to get some supplies." "Actually…" Charlie shifted uncomfortably, and I narrowed my eyes, he'd already planned for this, so either I'm going to love it, or I'll need my own apartment sooner than I thought. "I invited Billy and Jake over for dinner, thought maybe you two would like to catch up?" "Sure sure." I gave him a little smile, relaxing now that I knew what he was up to, "So how are things with you and Sue?" I teased. If he gets to play matchmaker, then so can I. Charlie turned purple and started to stammer. "That's what I thought." I looked around the room, "You want help with dinner?" I knew he was a decent cook when I left, eggs, meat, basic chuck veggies in the microwave kinda guy. Charlie puffed his chest out, "I've branched out, we're having chili tonight, it's been in the crock pot since yesterday." I frowned and sniffed, not smelling anything, Charlie chuckled, "In the garage. I would have cracked it open before now if I could smell it." I barked out a laugh, "Makes sense. I'll be downstairs in a little bit then. I have to sort out this mess." He nodded with a warning that I should ask him for help before he went downstairs. The TV flipped on and I heard the game playing on his impressive sound system. I closed my eyes and stood there, swaying on my good leg for who knows how long, breathing slowly. Birds chirping outside the window, cheerful commentary, and the occasional clack of Charlie's beer on the glass coffee table, no gunshots or arguments. Neighbors were too far out for visits, it was just the two of us. The air whooshed out of my lungs as I sagged in relief, relaxing for the first time since god knows when. The first thing I did was pull the sliding glass panes out of the window, leaving a gaping hole out into the back yard. Next thing was to chuck all my shit out the aforementioned window with extreme prejudice. I flung the CD's and pictures I'd found in my floor just weeks before I shipped out to bootcamp, the bookcase, the rickety desk, old homework, and whatever the hell else was in those boxes of shit. I hadn't needed or wanted them in years, so there was no reason to keep them now. "Everything okay up there?" Charlie called, sounding concerned. "Yes sir! Spring cleaning sir!" "If you say so.." He didn't sound very convinced, but he didn't come up, so either he was afraid to find out, or he trusted me, either one works. Now for the hard things. The bedframe is total crap, along with the mattress which needs replacing even if I did want it, and the computer, the desk chair can go downstairs by the table or something. I looked between my crutches and the pine frame devising a cunning plan. Twenty minutes later Charlie and Jake came running up the stairs to see me laying on my back, and my frame splintering in multiple places. Charlie looked weirdly tall from my position, but Jake looked freakish, "Did you actually get bigger?" I blurted in shock. He had to duck to get through the doorframe, and he was so broad in the chest, I'm amazed he didn't get his shoulders stuck or something. Jake snorted and picked me up like I was nothing, something that I know for a fact is total bullshit because I do pushups all the time and I am heavy. "I dunno, did you get dumber?" I glared at him, and his giant stupid face, "No, I have to break down the frame so I can get it out the window." Charlie spluttered, shook his head and went downstairs, probably to tell Billy that I'm not dead. "You didn't think to try a screwdriver?" I rolled my eyes, "Put me down Jake. Screwdrivers involve being able to walk to the garage forty times to find it. All of it's going in the trash anyway, so I figure I throw it out the window, and I don't have to take the stairs." Jake set me down by the wall and went over to peer out the window. He gave a low whistle, "How'd you fit all that stuff through this tiny window?" He leaned half-way out, and I seriously considered kicking his massive ass out of it. He'd probably survive if it weren't a mess of broken shit down there. "Magic." He gave me an annoyed look, "I'm a cripple Jake, not an invalid. I picked the shit up, and I shoved it out the window. If it didn't fit, I gave it a kick and it went flying." He raised his eyebrows at me like I was insane, so I shrugged. It all made perfect sense to me, but then my men made it a point to call me insane on a daily basis, both to my face and behind my back. The second school learned to say it to my face pretty quick. "Uh huh." Jake flopped on what was left of my bed ignoring the groan of protest from the frame, "So what's it like being home?" I leaned back against the wall with a shrug, leaving my dignity on the floor with my crutches. "I dunno, I've been back for what, a few hours? I haven't even been fully debriefed yet, so technically I'm still on leave. I won't be 'home' until tomorrow." "What do you mean? I thought they asked you about all that shit as soon as you got in the hospital?" "They do." I nodded, "While it's all fresh, but then they have to do a second one on the homefront, make sure I know which stories to tell, and which ones to bury in a hole." I shrugged, "It's all about the red tape." "Intense." He commented. I nodded, sighing. That was about the gist of our chat, he agreed to take me down to Port Angeles to job hunt, and car hunt, and every other kind of hunt that didn't involve shooting bunnies. I promised to hang out with him on the res, and catch up with him about everything going on at home, it was pretty productive. Dinner was surprisingly delicious too, but by that point I was peopled out and zoning out entirely. We watched the game, everyone was excited about whoever won, so I guess it was good. I vaguely remember Charlie ushering everyone out and tossing a blanket over me, but that might have been a