Olive Middle-earth belongs to Tolkien. Thanks to Thranduil Oropherion Redux for beta reading. Written for the LOTR Community Challenges group March challenge. The theme was "Spring Greens," with a line from a Bilbo poem as inspiration: "I n every wood in every spring there is a different green." My prompt was "olive green." On the last day of the third month, a trading caravan came along the river Celduin and made for Esgaroth. Their beasts of burden were the small, wiry horses of the lands in the far East, laden with shiny saddle bags and neatly tied up canvas bundles. Tall men in green and scarlet robes led the animals. They walked with long, lilting strides and their faces under the black head scarves - adorned with copper coins - were smooth and brown like polished leather. High above, a lark turned the sky into song with the whole land as its listener. Spring had come early this year, the second after the fall of Sauron, and all along the river bank the foamy white of hawthorn and sloe proclaimed another triumph over winter. Dandelions were out already, a million little suns smiling up from the ground. The horses' hooves stepped on fresh new grass and from the broken blades a scent rose that held all the promise of the summer to come. There was a single cloud in the sky that drifted slowly from the Iron Hills towards the Long Lake. Briefly, it resembled a flying dove before it frayed and spread into a thin veil, soon to be dissolved in the midday sunshine. When they reached the shore of the lake, the strangers made camp. They unloaded their horses and set up a handful of bright yellow tents. Silk flags, each with the emblem of a powerful trading family, caught the soft breeze. The men unrolled rugs on the grass and on the rugs arranged their merchandise. Then they waited. Out on the lake in the town built on stilts, Liv was one of the first to spot them. She stood by her open bedroom window, brushing her hair with impatient strokes while the maid smoothed the sheets on the bed. "Tarin," she said, "come and see this." Obediently, the girl came over, the pillow she had been plumping still in her arms, and peered over Liv's shoulder towards the shore. "Looks like traders, Miss Liv. Never seen such yellow tents before, though. They're not dwarves." "Go and tell my father." "As you wish." When Tarin had left the room, Liv opened the lid of the oaken chest that stood by the foot of her bed. She held it up with one hand while the other rummaged through the garments. Eventually she pulled out a mustard coloured dress of soft wool. She let her brown everyday dress fall to the floor and slipped into the yellow gown. From her trinket box, she took a belt of hammered copper discs and slung it round her waist. Then she ran, hair still flowing free, down the stair to her father's book room. "I know you'll say I'm too young, but whatever you say, I shall go," she said before she had even closed the door. Her father looked up from his ledgers. His left leg, the one that would prevent him from going anywhere today or tomorrow or for the rest of this month, was propped up on a footstool. He put aside his quill. "Is it the traders you are speaking of, Liv? I am going to send Will over after lunch. You can go with him, if you wish. Mind to stay with him, though. And get Tarin do to your hair, so you won't look like a savage." "Yes, Father. Thank you, Father." Liv urged herself to smile. The company of her father's stodgy warehouse master was not what she had hoped for, but it would have been petty to argue. As long as she was sure of a space in the boat, she was satisfied. She returned to her room where Tarin braided her hair into a long plait and coiled it round her head. At the table, she finished her bread and cold meat long before her father and was ready to go the moment she was called. "Mind your step, Miss Liv," said Will when they came to the jetty. "These boards are slippery." "I know, Will. I've been here before." Two grooms were getting the boat ready to go. Will held his hand out for Liv and settled her on the cushion that had been placed on the bench. She drew breath. "The air smells of spring," she said to nobody in particular. "No matter how often I've felt it, it always surprises me again." "In your case, Miss Liv, there can be hardly any talk of having seen many springs," said Will. Then he lit his pipe and for the rest of the journey he stared straight ahead. Liv was left to her own thoughts which revolved around the delight in being out - for the first time this year - without a heavy woollen cloak, the delight in seeing blue sky reflected on the lake's water, the delight in the sound of the oars gently splashing as they bore her, foot by foot, towards solid land. Even without the lure of the traders, Liv would have been glad to come ashore on this brilliant day. There was nothing green in Esgaroth other than the herbs and trailing flowers grown in pots or boxes on many windowsills. The lake, though, was lined with birches and willows that had put on their delicate spring garments, and the banks were carpeted with the generous green of lush meadows. Bird song, rarely heard in the lake city, greeted her as she skipped up the path ahead of Will and the grooms. It was good to move so freely under the glorious sky. They were not the first to arrive. A number of Long Lake merchants and well-to-do Esgaroth housewives were already milling around the stalls of the traders and a group of dwarves huddled over a display of fine metalwork. The traders, sitting cross-legged behind the rugs, observed the townsfolk with their black eyes. They did not shout to praise their goods like Liv was used to hearing in the Esgaroth market, but sat silently until they caught the eye of a prospective customer. Liv clutched her money pouch. Father had given her several silver pieces; she would be able to buy something, something more than just a trifle; she needed not stand back behind those wealthy matrons. What should she buy, though? It was not as if she immediately needed anything. Her purchase would be a luxury. She went from stall to stall and tried to look interested enough but not overly impressed. After all, she was not some country bumpkin, but the daughter of one of the richest men in Esgaroth. She was used to delicate fabrics, dainty dwarf-made trinkets and fine Dorwinion wine. Nevertheless, she couldn't stop her eyes from shining when she saw the rows of lacquered boxes, lids opened to show their treasures of jewels or spices, of ivory ornaments or mysterious potions. The traders sat behind their merchandise in silence, following her with shrewd looks on their dark, oval faces. Only one gave her a smile that showed a row of white teeth. "Lady?" he said and lifted up a glass jar stopped with a wide, round cork. "These are very good, good price, specially for you." Liv took the jar and peered at it closely. It was filled with a clear liquid in which swam a couple of dozen round, pale brownish-green objects, no doubt some kind of fruit. "What are they?" she asked before she could stop herself. "Olives, lady, very fine olives. In my country, they are symbol of good fortune." His grin widened. "And of luck in love." "I do not require them," said Liv haughtily. She put down the jar and moved on. The next stall displayed bales of fabric. Liv took in the intense colours, the noble gloss: it was silk. She reached out to touch and let her hand glide over the cool smoothness of a bright cornflower blue. How beautiful this colour looked in the sunshine, and even under a cover of clouds it would still bear a resemblance of blue sky. How much, she was about to ask, hoping that the price would not be too high. Oh, to have a gown of such heavenly blue! "Oh, no, not this one, I think," said a voice beside her. "Blue is not for you, lady. Here, this olive-coloured silk will suit you admirably." Liv looked round and took a step back. The stranger was tall, dressed in an exquisitely embroidered red tunic and had the fine features, the faint glow of the Elven folk. Swiftly, she cast down her eyes. "You can trust my judgement," he went on. "I knew your great-grandmother. She had just such chestnut hair. Allow me." With nimble fingers, he pulled out the pin that held up her braid. Like a silken rope, it fell across her neck and shoulder down to her waist. He seized the end of the plait and held it against the green fabric. "Observe," he said. "Do you see how these two, the green silk and the brown hair, complement each other? Each gives to the other a shine and lustre that neither have on their own. Like a good marriage, really." Liv felt herself blush, but she dutifully looked at her hair against the olive coloured silk and had to admit that he was right. On its own, it looked like a muddy, dull colour with none of the brilliancy of the cornflower blue, but against her chestnut hair it acquired a deep, earthy shine that made the blue seem shallow and frivolous in comparison. This, she felt, was the colour her hair, her whole body wanted her to wear. "How much?" she spluttered. "How much for five yards?" The trader, a wizened old man who had watched them silently until now, held up three fingers and said, in his strange, foreign voice, "Gold." He tapped the coins on his headdress to indicate the size of gold coins he wanted to see. Liv's hand tightened around her money pouch. "I have only silver," she whispered, mortified not so much on account of the trader than of the Elf, whose presence beside her she felt like the glow of a fire. "See." And she dove into her pouch and brought out her whole fortune. The trader shook his head. "Gold," he repeated and held up three fingers again. "No, no, my friend," said the Elf. "Your silk is good, but also very thin. It'll last a year or two and then fray. These are fine silver coins, unadulterated and bearing the stamp of the King of Dale. They will buy five yards for the lady." The trader began to shake his head again, but suddenly held still. From the corner of her eye, Liv caught a movement of the Elf's hand, a glint. "Silver," said the trader with a toothless grin. "Five yards for the lady." He held out his hand to receive Liv's coins, then he took a measuring stick and dealt out five yards, which he folded into a neat bundle and wrapped with a black ribbon. Liv's heart danced when she received the fabric. She knew very well what the Elf had done, she knew just as well that she should not have allowed him to do so, but her desire for the silk quelled her sense of propriety and she pretended not to have seen. "I thank you, sir," she said, "for your...advice." "My pleasure, lady." At last, she dared look into his eyes. A sharp, clear green met her, like an emerald. They were the most knowing eyes she had ever seen. He smiled. "I look forward