Jaded Amber Middle-earth belongs to Tolkien. Thanks to Morthoron and Ignoble Bard for beta reading. The children were running and splashing in the shallow waters. Their lissom bodies glazed with sand, she saw them fling strands of seaweed at each other, pick up shells, whoop at the sight of crabs. Elboron pointed with a piece of driftwood and nudged his sisters towards a rock pool. The other boys yelled something she could not make out. I must be old, thought Éowyn. Why else would I be content to sit and watch? When I first came to the seaside, I walked and walked, in fact I ran a lot of the time and my skirt hems were always soaked. Faramir could not keep up with me then. When my hair finally dried by the fire at night, salt crystals glittered at the tips. It was not that long ago. Ten years? Ten years. I would have thought it would take longer to grow old. She scanned the dappled sky. It might rain, but there was no telling in this breeze-whipped country. The clouds could as easily disperse again within minutes. Miles away, the straightest line she knew, the sea horizon, was interrupted by a string of small islands of white rock. She caught herself thinking of them as a herd, as if the mearas had chosen to rest a while and graze on the crest of the waves. She stretched out and pulled her skirt up to her knees to let her legs soak up the sun. It was not that she did not love Faramir. She might wish for him not to fret quite so much about her, but she could hardly fault him on anything – how could a woman complain about a kind and attentive husband? How could she not appreciate his devotion? Of course she loved him. It was not about Aragorn, either, though she had to admit that there was still a place inside her that trembled at the memory of his rejection; treacherous ground to tread, so she did not go there. He had been wrong, back then, they had all been wrong, Faramir too and she herself, when they thought she had seen in him only the valiant captain and future king. Would that it could have been so easily dismissed! Experience had taught her what she would not have otherwise believed, that it was possible to love one man and yet to pine for another, to care – so greatly, so pointlessly – what he thought about her and be always watching, watching, for that glint of approval in his eye. But it was not about that. Nor was it the children. They gave her very little grief and if she did get tired of their antics, there was always the trusty nursemaid or some other servant to take care of them. True, her body was a little heavier than it had been before she bore them, more sluggish, too, but on the whole she remained slender and strong. No, no, it was not about that. Homesickness? No, while she cherished her visits to Rohan, Ithilien was her true home now. Boredom? Not exactly. Loneliness? With her family all around her? Her old injuries? Long healed. It was not about anything really, and that was the trouble. She could not even tell Faramir or anyone else when there was no reason, no reason for this gloom that hung over her all the time. All the colour and vigour and joy was drained out of life. It made no sense. If she had been an Elf, she might have thought that she was fading. "Mother!" Was it one of hers? Yes, Elboron came running towards her, followed by Elfwine and the younger children. They ran right past the spot where Lothíriel sat with her maids and came up to the dune Éowyn had chosen as her retreat. "Mother, look what I found!" She prepared to feign interest in some curious shell or dead sea urchin and held out her hand for Elboron to drop in his treasure. It was a stone. "See the colour!" The stone was more or less oval, with an irregular surface that suggested it had once been full of rough edges which the sea had since ground smooth. It shimmered in a milky blue, not quite opaque, not quite translucent. When she moved her hand, she thought she saw a golden flicker inside. She held it up against the light and the blue melted away. Now the stone looked golden brown. A vague dark shape was enclosed in its core. "Do you like it, Mother?" Five eager faces were turned towards her. "I do." "It's for you then. But you must come over and show it to Aunt Lothíriel." "Very well." She rose from her nest among the sea lavender and walked with her children and nephews towards the group under the parasol. Lothíriel sat with a notebook on her knees, stylus in hand. I know she is a good poet, thought Éowyn, but just how many poems can she write about the sea? The next moment, she reproached herself for this ungenerous thought, about Lothíriel, too, who had never shown anything but kindness to her. "Aunt Lothíriel! Look what I gave to Mother! It's the strangest stone you've ever seen!" "Is it indeed?" Lothíriel turned the stone over. "I am afraid I will have to disappoint you on that count, Elboron. I have seen stones like this before. But let this be a consolation: it is a very rare and precious stone and, as you say, very strange. It is blue amber, which we also call Tears of Uinen. Your mother will have a beautiful jewel when this is polished. She must be very happy that you found this for her." So Éowyn did her best to look happy and kissed Elboron on both cheeks and dropped the rare and precious stone into her pocket. ~o~ "Come, I will show you something." Lothíriel beckoned and Éowyn climbed up the spiral staircase behind her. As usual when she visited Dol Amroth without her husband, Lothíriel was not accommodated in the state chambers reserved for royal guests, but in her old rooms on the second floor of the South turret. "It would do for Éomer as well," said said over her shoulder, "but my father does so insist on etiquette. I much prefer my rooms to that pompous apartment. It is almost reason to leave Éomer at home!" She laughed. Éowyn had to admit that the day room was certainly delightful. Semicircular and overlooking the bay, it caught the early evening light which gave the walls a peachy glow. The furnishings were less grand here and yet more elegant than those on the ground floor of the castle. A writing desk on sleek, curved legs stood by the window. "These are Master Déoric's work," Lothíriel said and gestured at two paintings of shells and sea-washed pebbles. Éowyn remembered what Éomer had mentioned in a letter some five or six years ago. Our esteemed chronicler and court artist has been suffering from dark moods for a while, but a spell of sitting in the sun by the seaside has cured him. Would that it could cure her. Out at sea, the sun hung low over the horizon. It had turned the white mearas into black silhouettes. Éowyn stared out of the window and paid little heed to Lothíriel's mutterings of "Maybe back here," or "No, I think it must be the other drawer." Eventually, "Ah, here it is," she said and Éowyn turned away from the window to see what Lothíriel wanted to show her. It was a necklace, a long string of beads, alternately blue amber and jade. The jade beads were of a vivid hue, pure and strong and playing into turquoise. They has been shaped into even spheres. Between them, the blue amber was more irregular in form and size, but equally polished to a high shine. Their colour varied from paler to brighter to slightly greenish and in all of them, as Lothíriel poured them from palm to palm, the honey-coloured core could be glimpsed. "This was my mother's," said Lothíriel. "I suppose it is mine now, though I have not thought of it until today." She slipped it over her head and it hung down to her waist on her green silk dress. "Yours will be different, as it is a much larger piece. It will make a pendant, I should think. When you come through Minas Tirith on your way home, take it to a jeweller in the fourth circle; his name is Sarthevril. He will polish and set it for you beautifully." "I shall remember that." "And here is something else, something quite special." Lothíriel picked a gem from the box that had held the necklace and placed it in Éowyn's hand. It was a large piece of ordinary amber, clear and golden, almost the size of a hen's egg, and in its centre it held a tiny white butterfly. "That is surprising for something that came out of the sea!" said Éowyn. "Perhaps," Lothíriel replied. "But remember that there used to be lands that sank to the ocean floor. Maybe this comes from Númenor. When your stone is polished, you should be able to see what is enclosed in it." Éowyn gazed at the little insect trapped in the stone. How had this happened? Could a stone just grow round a living thing, a real stone, not just the stony indifference that was growing around her? Was there another such unfortunate creature hidden in her own blue amber? She shuddered. It might be better not to know, to cast the gem back into the ocean that had washed it up. But Elboron would ask what had happened to the fine jewel he gave her. She had no choice. And so when she came through Minas Tirith on her way home, Éowyn visited Sarthevril the jeweller in the fourth circle and gave him a commission to polish and set the stone. "And how do you want it, my lady?" "Oh, any old way." He looked at her, and shrugged, and lifted the stone against the light that fell through the high window. She paid his fee and with a murmured greeting, she left. ~o~ That was at the hight of summer, and now autumn crawled down the slopes of the Ephel Dúath and into the woods of Ithilien. Patches of yellow appeared among the foliage. When Éowyn stepped out into the garden, she could smell the colder days coming. There was a nip in the air and a tawny tint that encompassed earth and sky. This, too, had once filled her with joy, the scent of a new season arriving on her doorstep. Not so this year. She had left the hall because she could not bear Faramir's looks of concern. Someone was coming. She could hear the muffled thud of hooves on the path that wound up from the river. No visitors were expected tonight, but messengers might arrive at any time of any day. Or it could be Aragorn... Aragorn who would see her with the lines that had appeared at the corners of her mouth. He would see that she had begun to wilt, while his lady remained eternally youthful. What did he want here? Why did he always come unannounced like this? Why did he - The rider came into sight and she exhaled. It was Legolas, who would always be forgiven for unexpected calls. She walked down the steps to greet him. "You come at a fortunate time," she said as they led his horse to the stables. "There is half a roasted stag in the kitchens from yesterday's feast." "And nobody dresses a stag better than your cook, I know." He flashed a smile at her. "I shall be glad for a hearty meal, though that is not why