Middle-earth belongs to Tolkien. The days of late summer were wearing out and the land was slipping into early autumn. In the mornings a different smell hung in the air, richer, deeper. Fruit trees stood laden in this quaint corner of the Eastfarthing, and the barns were filled with a pale golden harvest. The cooler winds had not yet awoken, and for a few precious days, it seemed as if time stood still. Mrs Maggot had risen early, as usual, and seen to the cows. There were four: three brown and a black-and-white. After she had provided them with hay and fresh water, she milked them with nimble hands, watching the white liquid frothing in the pail. Then she put her stool aside and returned to the farmhouse, which stood squat under the trees with its thatched roof and cheerful green shutters. In the pantry, the shelves were crammed with earthenware jugs and bowls. Dozens of long strings of mushrooms hung from the ceiling and filled the room with their aromatic scent. The brick floor felt cool underfoot. Mrs Maggot poured a portion of the milk into a brown pitcher, which she set aside, and then emptied the pail into a large round dish. In a few hours, she would be able to scoop off the thick, smooth milk fat and take it into the cold room, where the barrel would soon hold enough cream for churning. On her way back through the pantry, she picked up the pitcher and carried it into the kitchen with her. Her daughter Pansy had already begun to set the table for the family breakfast. Wishing her a good morning, Mrs Maggot put the pitcher on the well-scrubbed table and busied herself with the fire in the stove. While she cracked eggs into a large pan, Pansy cut slices of bread and brought a couple of small cheeses out of the pantry. Mrs Maggot watched with approval the purposeful movements of her eldest. By and by, the other members of the household made their appearance in the kitchen, and soon eleven hobbits were seated around the table and partook in a hearty breakfast of bread, cheese and scrambled egg. After the meal, the hobbits wandered off to see to their various tasks around the farm, and Mrs Maggot was left alone in the kitchen. She ran her hands down her apron, tucked an errant strand of grey hair back behind her ear, and began her chores. By mid-morning, she sent her youngest daughter Columbine, a bonnie young hobbit of nineteen years, out into the fields with scones and elderberry juice for her sons and the farm hands. Shortly afterwards it began to rain. A brief look into the wooden box by the door told Mrs Maggot that her daughter had forgotten to take an umbrella with her. She tutted. The lass would have to seek shelter where she could. By noon it was hot again outside and she was glad for the cooler air of the farmhouse. After lunch, which saw the whole household united around the table again, she sat down in the rocking chair by the fire-place, the dog Grip curled up by her feet, and began some mending work. Columbine was humming a cheerful tune while she was clearing the table and washing the dishes. Mrs Maggot's glance fell on the hamper that the girl had brought back from the fields. "Where is the jug?" she asked. "Which jug, mother?" "The jug for the elderberry juice, you silly lass! It's not in the hamper, where did you put it?" Columbine slapped her hand on her forehead. "I must have left it out in the field," she said. Mrs Maggot sighed and shook her head. "What a scatterbrain you are! You'd forget your own feet, if they weren't stuck to your legs! Well, go out and get it, I'll finish clearing up here." The young hobbit darted out and Mrs Maggot rose from her chair. She picked up the dishtowel and slowly dried plate after plate. Her husband appeared from the cellar and sat down on a chair near the open door. He chomped an apple; the crunching sound mingled with little grunts of approval. "They're good apples this year," she remarked. "So they are," agreed the farmer. "Best lot we've had in a dozen years, if I am not mistaken." Mrs Maggot continued with her dishes. A large bluebottle buzzed against the windowpane, and she absentmindedly swatted it with the cloth. Then she saw that a figure had appeared in the yard. It was one of the Big Folk, wrapped up in a black cloak and sitting on a huge black horse. Maggot must have noticed him, too, for he rose and went out to meet the stranger. Grip jumped up from his place by the fire and followed his master. She heard the dog yelp. From the window, she watched her husband's broad shape standing in front of the rider, who stretched out an arm towards the west. She could not see the farmer's face, since he had his back turned to her, but she could tell by the set of his shoulders that he was getting angry. Presently, the rider spurred his horse right at the hobbit, who dived out of the way. Mrs Maggot dropped the dishtowel and rushed to the door, just in time to see the horse galloping out of the yard. "Maggot!" she called and ran towards her husband, who was trying to pick himself up from the ground. She helped him to get up and brush the dust off his trousers. "Are you hurt? Who was that? What did he want?" "Blast if I know," replied the farmer. "He said he was looking for Baggins." "Baggins? Around here? Isn't there a Baggins up in Hobbiton? Primula Brandybuck's lad, the one who was taken in by that mad old Mr Bilbo?" "Well, that's what I said. Hobbiton is the place to look for Bagginses. But he said Baggins was coming here ." Farmer Maggot shook his head and sank down on a bench by the door. "How odd!" exclaimed his wife. "Why should he come here? And what did that black fellow want from him?" "I do not know, but I could tell that it was nothing good. Oh, Daisy, I shouldn't have told him to go to Hobbiton! What if some mischief comes out of it? We hobbits should stick together and not let outsiders meddle with our business." "Maybe it was old Bilbo Baggins the stranger was looking for," suggested Mrs Maggot. "Maybe it was, and then again, maybe it wasn't. I hope that young Mr Frodo will be safe and sound, right young rascal though he used to be. Well," he said, rising from his seat, "I'd better go and see if there's any other weird customers roaming about." He whistled for the dogs and walked out through the gate with them. "Be careful, Maggot!" his wife called after him. Then it occurred to her that she hadn't seen which way the stranger had turned. He might have ridden away towards the fields. She hurried up to the gate and almost collided with Columbine. The hobbit lass looked startled. "Mother! What is the matter?" Mrs Maggot pulled her daughter into the yard. "There was a stranger here, one of the Big Folk. Have you come across him?" "No, I've seen no strangers." "Do you know where everybody else is?" "Fastolph and Rudi are in the orchard, and I saw the other lads walking up to the copse. I think they were going to get mushrooms. I met Father just now in the lane, he told me to go inside quickly and then he walked away towards the causeway. I haven't seen my sisters since lunch time." "They're in the stables. Get into the house and finish clearing up the kitchen." Obediently, Columbine disappeared through the door. Mrs Maggot remained in the yard, where a washing line was strung between two elm trees. The laundry was just about dry after the earlier shower. She unpegged and folded the sheets and garments with skilled moves that required little attention, while her eyes kept wandering to the entrance. After about half an hour, the dogs appeared, followed by the farmer, who closed the gate carefully and walked up to his wife. "Not a soul to be seen," he said and patted Fang's head. "I went as far as the causeway, but all is quiet." "That's just as well," replied Mrs Maggot. "That stranger was a shifty fellow, and no mistake. I hope we'll never the see the likes of him again." "Too many queer folks roaming these parts nowadays," her husband agreed. He picked up the laundry basket and turned towards the house, but no sooner had he done so, than the dogs let out a terrific baying and barking. Handing the basket to his wife, he called for the dogs, approached the gate, and opened it. The dogs pelted out into the lane. Mrs Maggot strained her ears. " Hallo! Hallo!" she heard the farmer calling. "And who may you be, and what may you be wanting?" Then, to her relief, came the reply of a cheerful hobbit's voice: "Good afternoon, Mr Maggot!" Mrs Maggot carried the laundry basket into the house. Whoever the visitor was, he was likely to come in, and she wanted to check that the table was clean and the floor well swept. A quick glance reassured her that Columbine had finished her task well enough. She straightened a few chairs, then she took a huge jug and went into the cellar to fill it from the beer barrel. When she came back into the kitchen, she saw not one, but three hobbits seated at the table with her husband. One of them she recognized as young Peregrin Took, another she had never seen before, and the third – well, if that wasn't Primula's lad! The spitting image of his mother and no mistake. All three greeted her politely, while she poured out the beer into four large mugs. After she had satisfied herself that the guests were settled and provided for, she took the basket into her chamber. She laid the sheets aside for ironing and put the clothes away into the chest, all the while wondering about the odd coincidence, if indeed a coincidence it was, that Frodo Baggins should turn up at her house the very day one of the Big Folk was looking for him. Eventually she left the bedroom and returned to the kitchen to start the preparations for supper. The four hobbits were still sitting at the table, and she heard Frodo Baggins say: " ...we must be going at once, I'm afraid. Even now it will be dark before we can reach the Ferry." " Ah, but wait a minute!" said the farmer. "I was going to say: after a bit of supper, I'll get out a small waggon, and I'll drive you all to the Ferry. That will save you a good step, and it might also save you trouble of another sort." Mrs Maggot nodded to herself. This was nothing more than decent hobbit hospitality would have demanded at any time, and even more so at a time when cloaked strangers prowled the neighbourhood. She scurried into the pantry and chose a range of hearty foodstuffs for the supper. Well, fancy that, here was Primula's lad coming back to Buckland. He looked as if he had grown some sense since the days when he had been a reckless young trespasser. Suddenly a smile appeared on her face. She picked up a small wicker basket, filled it with mushrooms, and covered it with a cloth. In the kitchen she lit the candles, for the light was beginning to fail, and then set to work at the stove. The smell of fried mushrooms and bacon drew the other members of the household into