Passing Grace Middle-earth belongs to Tolkien. Thanks to Clodia and Finlay for beta reading. Written for the LOTR Genfic Yahoo Group May Challenge "Tying Up Loose Ends". This was my challenge task: Tell how the people of Edoras reacted when the Elves escorting Arwen to Gondor came through their city-- given the superstitious attitude the Rohirrim had about the Golden Wood, how did they feel about seeing the "Sorceress", Galadriel, in person? Were they surprised by the Elves? Overawed by them? Did their appearance change some people's minds about them? This story focuses on minor characters from "The Measure of a Man" and "Truth Be Told," but knowledge of these stories is not required to understand this one. "Put on your shoes," said Gléowine the minstrel to his grandchildren. They had been skipping about the yard barefooted in spite of the weather, which was not too pleasant for the time of year, overcast and windy. "We are going to see something special today." "What's it, Grandpapa?" asked Grimstan, the only one who had paid any attention to his grandfather's words. "We are going to see Elves." "Fairy folk? Where, Grandpapa, where?" "Well, here in Edoras of course. They are coming this afternoon." "How do you know?" "Oh, I have my sources." "When are we going?" "As soon as you are ready." Grimstan darted away and pulled his sister Cyneburg by the sleeve. "Grandpapa is taking us to see Elves." "Don't be silly." "It's true! He just said so." Cyneburg glanced at her grandfather, who nodded. So she grabbed the two youngest by the shoulder, shooed the third ahead and marched next to Grimstan into the house, where a frantic search for the shoes ensued. Their mother was out, which made things harder, but eventually all five stood suitably shod at the front door. Grimstan fidgeted with the door knob while his grandfather meticulously straightened his tunic. At last they were off, he, grandfather and Cyneburg each holding one of the little ones by the hand. Through the gate and down the Smithy Lane they went, past roaring forges, and out onto the main street. Many people had already assembled here; the news must have spread quickly that Éomer King was expecting the fairy folk. The crowd was happy, though, to let the children stand in front, and so they lined up, with the younger ones in the middle and Grimstan and Cyneburg on either side. Grimstan felt his grandfather's hand on his shoulder. To his left, two women were talking in the kind of whisper that was loud enough to be heard by all around. "It's most shocking! Théoden King would have never allowed it." "Never! To let such a witch come here – she'll put a spell on our children and lead them away with her, just you wait and see." "Is that true, Grandpapa?" said Grimstan in a low voice. "Do you think it is true?" "I don't know." "Then wait and see." Waiting was something Grimstan did not relish, but he knew his grandfather well enough not to expect any further explanations from him at this time. Later, he would most likely talk about it at length, but for now, Grimstan understood, he wanted the children to observe. "Will she turn me into a frog, Grimstan?" asked his youngest sister in a tone that implied she would quite fancy such an experience. "I don't think she would, Darel," said Grimstan, but he pulled her closer and wrapped his arm round her shoulder. And then She came. On a palfrey white like none had ever been seen in Edoras, She sat with easy grace and silent poise. Silver bells on the bridle, silver bells at the stirrups, every tinkling step was the note of a song. Her hair, so golden, Her gown, so bright, the fluted sleeves cascading over Her skirts, the slender hands holding the reins – it was nothing. Nothing compared to the light on Her face that shone, gently, gently, into this heavily clouded day, almost like a sudden glimpse of the sun. Others followed, in fine gowns and on fine horses, a silver-haired Lord, a veiled maiden, two Elves who looked like brothers, and many more. Grimstan stared. He clasped his sister to his side, but it wasn't for fear of losing her to dark magic. Had he not clung to her, he would not have been able to stand still. When they had passed, he wanted to follow, as did many others who had lined the street. His grandfather, however, called him to his senses and led them all back home by the shortest route. "And what do you say now?" said Grandpapa once he was seated again on his bench among the flower pots. "Is the Lady of the Golden Wood an evil sorceress?" "Oh, no!" cried Cyneburg. "She was so beautiful." "Grimstan? Is Cyneburg right?" "I'm not sure, Grandpapa. I think someone could be evil and still be beautiful." "Aha! Well said, Grimstan." Cyneburg pulled a face and strutted away to play with the little ones. "Your sister is hasty," said Grandpapa. "Quick to speak and quick to sulk. I am glad you are more cautious, for all that you can never hold still for two minutes together." Grimstan looked at his feet and saw the groove he had scratched into the ground in the short time he had been standing next to Grandpapa's bench. He sat down and tried to keep his legs from twitching. "It's not that I think she is evil," he said. "What do you think, then?" "I looked at her horse, you know. It wasn't afraid at all. If she was bad, wouldn't her horse be scared?" "Would it? Could she not put a spell on it?" "I'm not sure…well, no. I don't think there could be such a spell. I'd trust the horse." "Well, well." Grandpapa reached down and picked up his ginger cat that had been rubbing against his legs. "That is not how I would have worked it out. But it is good to see that you have approached this question in a manner that is worthy of the Eorlingas. I'm proud of you, Grimstan." Such praise from Grandpapa! Truly, the Queen of the Fairies could not be evil. ~oOoOo~ "Stand still, will you?" This was spoken from the corner of the mouth, the rest of which held a dozen or so pins. From her towering stance on the stool, Ardith looked down at her kneeling mother. It was strange to see Mama look so small. "I can't believe how much you've grown," said Mama in the same pinched voice. "Thank goodness, there was still another inch to let out. Turn!" Ardith obediently turned very slowly and allowed her mother to pin up the hem of her dress, bit by bit. "There, that doesn't look too bad," said Mama, her mouth now free of pins. She tugged the hem of Ardith's dress down, stepped back and squinted at it with her head to one side. "Fana, take a look, is this straight?" Ardith's older sister, who had just come in, crouched down and peered at the hem. "Seems fine to me," she said. "Take it off then, Ardith," said Mama and lifted her off the stool. "I should be finished with it by tonight." The girl pulled the dress over her head and handed it over. "I have news," said Fana. "Elves are coming to Edoras. Father told me; I met him in the Smithy Lane, and he'd just heard it from the king's advisor. It's the Lady of the Golden Wood with her daughter and brothers. Or was it her sons and her sister? I can't quite remember. But they're on their way to Mundburg, because the daughter or the sister is to marry the new king there." "Well, let them go to Mundburg, then," replied Mama. "I can't say I'm too keen to have them here in Edoras. To be sure, I think those tales of her being a sorceress must be exaggerated, and I'm more willing to admit the merit of all kinds of folk after what we've seen in the war, but still. They live forever, those Elves. It's not natural. And they have all those magic tricks. Mark my words, there's some mischief on the way." With this, she sank into her favourite chair and threaded a needle to begin her work on Ardith's dress. "Can we go and see them, Mama?" asked Ardith, who had listened to the tidings with wide eyes. "See them? Whatever for?" "Oh, please, Mama, I'd so much like to see them! Just a little glimpse. Please, Mama!" Her mother shook her head, but with a smile. "Well, if Fana is willing to take you…" Ardith spun round and looked at her sister. "Fana, please!" Fana was already holding out her hand. "Come," she said, "let's get some clothes on you, for you can't well go to see Elves in nothing but your shift." With Fana's help, Ardith quickly put on another dress and then ran to the door before her mother could change her mind. Mama, however, was resigned and contented herself with admonitions. "You listen to your sister, Ardith, and I want to hear no complaints about you! Look after her, Fana, and mind that no mischief comes out of this." By the time they arrived at the main street, a large crowd was already milling about. Ardith clung to Fana's hand. How exciting this was! She would see real fairies! Fana had found a good place for them to stand, on the wooden stair that led to the upper storey of a house. Others pressed against them from both sides, and Ardith was glad of Fana's arms wrapped around her from behind. Was that the sound of horses coming up the street? If only people would be less noisy! She craned her neck. And then She came. On a palfrey white like none had ever been seen in Edoras, She sat with easy grace and silent poise. Silver bells on the bridle, silver bells at the stirrups, every tinkling step was the note of a song. Her hair, so golden, Her gown, so bright, the fluted sleeves cascading over Her skirts, the slender hands holding the reins – it was nothing. Nothing compared to the light on Her face that shone, gently, gently, into this heavily clouded day, almost like a sudden glimpse of the sun. Oh, there were others, too, men and women, and all of them shining and all of them fair. But this one, this one was out of a dream. On the way home, Ardith was very quiet. Only once did she speak, and it was to ask Fana whether the Fairy Queen's dress was made of wool just like her own. "Oh, I don't think so," said Fana. "What else then?" "I don't know." Mother still sat in the same chair they had left her in, the hem of the dress half finished. Ardith lingered by her side and listened to Fana telling of what they had seen. Her eyes fell on the scissors that her mother had put on the wicker table next to her chair. She picked them up. Slowly, she began to cut into the cuff of her left sleeve and further up towards the elbow. The scissors made a cheerful, chirping little noise. With a bit of imagination, she could fancy it sounding almost like silver bells… "Whatever are you doing, child! Stop that this instant!" Her mother's sharp voice jerked her out of her daydream. What was she doing? She stared at her arm. "I wanted to have wide sleeves," she said, tears springing to her eyes when she realised that she had just ruined her best dress. "Wide sleeves like the Fairy Queen." Her mother sighed heavily. "See?" she said. "Nothing but mischief." ~oOoOo~ He had lived there all his life, short as it was, and yet he could