(A/N: Hey guys! First Solangelo fic! Inspiration for this was in Music class last year when men who wanted to practice the tango practiced with other men.. basically, a dance AU) "Five, six, seven, eight." Will clapped his hands on beat as the students in front of him took positions with their partners. "One. Two." He said and they started dancing as he counted on. He walked around as he watched each dancer do the moves he taught them, both the girls and the boys. He said comments if a move was off or even slightly lazy, he would correct them immediately. He would place a hand gently on their shoulder and tell them what was wrong, or he would snap if it was the -nth time they got it wrong. What never failed to amaze him though was the tenacity and perseverance of each talented dancer, the elegant movement and sharp snap of their legs or their arms, the emotion fueled into each movement. To see a whole class doing such, was amazing. But of course he could not say that aloud, he must be firm with his dancers, especially since this is his advanced partner class. He would recommend some of them to compete and showcase their skills in front of crowds dressed in elegant dresses and crisp suits and perfect shoes. He would tell his best dancers to wear their best milongas and best vestidos. Then he would watch proudly from the side, seeing that their hard work has paid off. Now, Will as was observing, he noticed the owner of the dance studio, no other than his father Phoebus Solace, talking to someone just a little bit outside the room he was in. Will was quite curious but the 23 year old man kept that in check. Yes he is just 23, his classes do have men and women that are five, ten, twenty years his senior, they would treat him first as a lesser person that is, until they see him dance. He is a Juliard graduate and has been dancing since he could walk, he knows a bit of ballet and a bit of the other dances, but ever since he found out what tango was (at the age of seven) he fell in love with that, not only because of the beautifully emotional movements or the sheer determination of each dancer, he fell in love with it because of the meaning behind it, dark, dangerous, love, life struggles, that sort of thing. He knew how to dance to other genres but tango was his favorite above them all. Will is a dance scholar and a dance prodigy, he has competed all over the world, solo dance, group dances, partner dances. He has also done too many recitals to count and too many classes to count. He took ballet, he took jazz, tango, waltz, chacha, swing, hip hop, and other dance genres. He teaches ballet to young kids and teens since he is not as versed in ballet, (though he is good at it, he isn't that sure, so advanced ballet is taught by his mother) and he teaches tango to kids, teens, adults and the advanced classes. He also substitutes or gives demonstrations when Lee's hip hop class needs it, or when Kayla needs to go to her archery competition, he steps in for her jazz class. He also supervises his mom's ballet class, but he doesn't teach them anything. Will also knows how to freestyle, so he can easily switch from dance to dance. This list could go on and on and on. Simply put? He's definitely got his hands full. Will's had some gigs, movies, backup dancer in a concert, something that would challenge him. He's been teaching for two years now, being instantly hired by his own father who assisted him with his dancing career for he was a dancer himself, ballet actually. Though Phoebus had a better chance at singing than that of dancing. Going back, Will did look outside though, and he could see vague details about the individual Phoebus was talking too, black clothes, black hair, pale skin, shorter stature... He seemed built like a dancer but Will imagined he was different that what he was. The class continued on for a while until the two hours was finished and the sun was beginning to set, making the sky beautiful shades of orange and purple. Will dismissed the class and said his goodbyes as each one walked out, all talking happily. Will sighed, he was quite fulfilled. That was his last class of the day, and he was ready to have a stretch and dance a bit since he had the room to himself. It was his favorite part of being a dance instructor. He went over to the iPod on the dock and played "Thinking out Loud" by Ed Sheeran. Will cracked his neck and stretched his long arms as he danced to the music. He incorporated a bit of ballet with a bit of the serious vibe of the tango. His arms would stretch out to the windows as the sun would disappear over the buildings, his feet would carry him places when he would close his eyes and feel the message of the music in his veins. He lets his instincts take over and his legs and feet would follow, folding and unfolding with grace and showing every bit of emotion. It was a rare occurrence that Will Solace would ever not feel a dance, he would execute it with utmost certainty. Will wasn't a bad singer, so he hummed parts of the song and sang along in a soft melodious tone. Halfway through the song when Will was just getting really really into it, someone decided to interrupt. "Wow." Will heard a voice and he calmed down his expressive movements a bit. The voice was just a little more than a whisper, an escaped expression maybe. His eyes were still closed but he memorized the room he was in, he figured the person was leaning against a mirrored wall, since he would have run into him if he was anywhere else. Will stopped dancing and opened his eyes and searched for the person that spoke. His breath hitched. When his blue eyes landed on the intruder his first impression was that he was the exact opposite of him. The man was about 22 or maybe a bit younger than that. He had raven hair pulled back in a loose bun that left strands of hair dangling in front of his face. His eyes were obsidian black, darker than any eyes Will has ever seen, like a pit that has no bottom. His skin was pale, but it seemed like the pale was not his original skin color, maybe an olive of some sort. Since he was so pale, Will could see the blue of his veins against his skin making lines that traced his face. His face was a bit thin and his cheekbones made shadows on his cheeks. Will had stopped dancing in the middle of the room and he found himself staring at the man. The shadows seemed to bend towards him as if he was darkness itself. The man's clothes were all black, from his skinny black jeans and black sneakers with untied laces to his fitted black t-shirt and leather jacket. He had a silver skull ring on his left pointer finger which he was twisting. This was all opposite to what Will was. His eyes were bright blue, a mop of blonde on top of his head and tanned skin. He had freckles splashed across his face and he was wearing light blue loose fitting pants and a white t-shirt with a sun embroidered over the chest pocket. It was like light and dark were in the same room. "Um." Will was at a loss for words but that was barely noticeable because he coughed and tried to clear his thoughts. "Yeah, I dance a lot." Will mentally slapped himself, that was one of the stupidest things has ever said. "I mean, I teach here. I wasn't expecting anyone to come in here." As he said that Will went over to the iPod and turned off the music. He cut Ed Sheeran off before he could sing the next chorus. "I usually don't get interrupted." He turned back to face the man and he saw a pink tinge on his cheeks. "Sorry." He said sheepishly and walked a few steps forward, his hands in his pockets. "I couldn't resist. The comment escaped my lips. It was good, for you know, impromptu dancing." Impromptu dancing? Will assumed that meant without a set routine, but how was this man supposed to know that he wasn't following a routine? Usually he could get away with it, not practicing for months then slaying the audition, but it was never really noticed. Will decided to play the nonchalant. He shrugged. "Yeah I guess." He paused. The silence getting awkward. He stared at his shoes for a while, noticing that the edge was starting to peel off. "Mind if I ask why your here? It's after classes already," Will looked at the man again. "And you're not one of my students... unless you just enrolled, or unless you're someone else's... perhaps Lee's...?" "Um no actually." There was a twinge of annoyance in his voice and it was clearly seen that he was annoyed due to how quick he fired back an answer. "I'm here to-" "I see you've acquainted one another already." They were interrupted by a voice that Will had a love/hate relationship with. "I was worrying that I would have to introduce you myself. "Hi Dad." Will rolled his eyes and smiled a bit. "Hi Will." Phoebus greeted with a mirrored smile. He was a spitting image of Will, the blonde hair, the blue eyes and the body structure. The difference was in the shape of his lips, his nose and his face. It belonged to his mother, Naomi Solace. "I see you've met this young man." Phoebus put a graceful hand on the man's shoulder. Will did not fail to notice a flicker of disgust on the man's face when Phoebus touched him. "Yes I have." Will said slowly, wondering why the man was uncomfortable. "I was just asking him why he was here." "Oh, he's here to-" Phoebus started to speak. "I can speak for myself sir." The man said as he casually brushed off Phoebus's hand. "My name is Nico Di Angelo. I came here to teach dance." Will's eyes widened. He wasn't expecting that from someone who looked like he hadn't graduated college yet. Also, the last name di Angelo rang a bell... he just couldn't put his tongue on it. "I know I may look young." Nico said as if reading Will's mind, "But I know how to dance." He said it with such confidence Will found it hard not to believe. "Where did you-" "Study?" Nico raised an eyebrow. "On the streets of Italy, Spain, Paris, the dance group that I joined in college and of this city, New York." A street dancer. Will mentally told himself, usually street dancers are his favorite because they can disregard all the rules that are set for them. Will would go join them sometimes and show off his skills and he would learn from them other moves. He snuck out when he was a teenager, he would go run because his father wouldn't let him go with them. He found beauty in that ruggedness though, so Will went anyway. The streets of Italy and the other were something else though. He must have done something rather than the rugged moves you can learn on the streets of New York. Nico's voice snapped him back to reality. "So, with that being said, Phoebus told me that you had your hands full. I saw this job ad in the newspaper and