A/N: I seriously loved writing this and now am faced with a giant urge to write of super-spy Minerva's escapades in length. We know that she was a spy for the Aurors during the first war, so I didn't think it much of a jump to suggest that she might have started the spying earlier on her career, during the two years she worked at the Ministry after graduating. Also, how perfect was this prompt? "Write a WANTED ad for a serial cat burglar who is, in fact, a cat." WANTED: A Terrorizing Tabby By: carpetfibers August, 1961 Morning The notices that dotted alley walls within Diagon described her as spotted and mangy, with a torn ear and a bedraggled tail. It was difficult not to tear them down, specious as they were in both their description of her appearance and exploits. Burglar indeed… it wasn't as if she had ever stolen anything, although she supposed her actions could, technically , be described as breaking and entering. Minerva McGonagall most certainly, though, was not a thief, and the attempts to label her as one left her bristling and distinctly peeved. Her handler took careful measures to remind her that serenity in nature and action were the safest response. "Minnie, my dear, no one knows it's you . The posters are for a cat , not one of the loveliest witches to grace the Ministry in nearly fifty years." Elphinstone Urquart's generous, but decidedly inappropriate compliments had the very opposite intended effect on Minerva, and she cast aside his words then as she did most days. He was a perfectly decent man, but he was her senior in both title and age, and she had other things on her mind than being wooed. There had been a time for that, and she'd put an end to those feelings nearly seven years earlier. No, she had made her decision, and the job and her magic took precedence. Elphinstone needed to find another tree to latch onto. She made sure to tell him as such as often as possible. He did make her laugh, though. . . she blamed her Muggle father for that weakness. A well-groomed beard and a canny eye, and she had a twinge in her knees that often caught her in the gut when said man planted a solid wink in her direction. She ignored the compliment, and the implied wink, and drank from her tea sternly, the diffidence at direct odds with the youthful fullness of her cheeks and misbehaving hair. No matter the charm or numbers of pins, her black locks found ways to stumble free from the tight knot at the nape of her neck. "We're on a timetable Mr. Urquart, perhaps you could see to focus?" The man ran a coy hand over his beard, knowing the gesture often made the irascible woman blush prettily. While her ears turned a lovely shade of pink, her frown only deepened. He handed over a brief slip of parchment with a muted sigh. "The lads have scheduled another of their meetings tonight, for their 'club.' The theme is a masque, apparently, and escorts are allowed. I've arranged for a failure in the wards just after 9pm; bad weather's scheduled, and lightning does the strangest things to blood wards, you know." Minerva did know, having taken advantage of the summer's frequent heat lightning more than twice already in the past month. Personally, she would have opted for something in the lighter spell spectrum for security wards and avoided the whole weather-weakness entirely, but the club was a rather dramatic lot and made up of mostly disgruntled youths who kept harkening back to their bloodlines and reclaimed glory. Grindelwald groupies, she surmised, for the most part, but enough of them had gathered to garner the Ministry's concerns, and her reports, while mostly consisting of the same tired rhetoric did speak to a larger organization. They had yet to pinpoint the leader of the club, which was the main goal of her intelligence gathering. Perhaps that night would prove fruitful. Elphinstone placed a careful hand over hers, drawing both her gaze and frown. "Minnie, I'd rather you not go alone on this one. We have another agent within the group, and I'd feel better if he knew of your presence." Minerva extracted her hand and ignored the gentle warmth the touch had left her. "Only one other knows about my animagus form, Mr. Urquart, and you know the danger of a secret once it leaves three. I'll be fine, and even if I am found out-" Her thin lips spread into the sort of dangerous grin Elphinstone liked most, "I'm not exactly defenseless." He nodded once and enjoyed how her cheeks pinked when he drew his hand along his beard in what he hoped appeared unplanned. August, 1961 Evening The manor was similar in most regards to the others: aged stone, meandering garden paths, and long narrow windows that looked down onto waterless fountains. Minerva sat crouched, her ears twitching as her far keener hearing picked up the sounds of insects, earthworms, and the distant whistle of a spider laying its evening web. The grounds were absent any sort of formal gate, but the telltale shimmer of the wards cut a clean division through the grounds' organized clusters of shrubbery and bulbs. When the rain began, she knew it wouldn't be too much longer. The shimmer dimmed after the first lightning strike, and then faded out entirely with the second. She dashed forward, low and sleek along the ground, and bared her teeth in a feline approximation of a grin as she crept along through the darkness of the moonless night to the manor's well-lit and conveniently open windows. Music wafted out into the inky blackness, the sort for dancing and supping, and a small group of whispering witches, gossip evident from their watchful expressions, paid her no mind as she slunk in through the library window and ran down the hall. She paused and listened, seeking out the voice belonging to one Abraxus Malfoy, a confirmed lieutenant within the group. If anyone was to disclose the sort of information the Ministry was hoping for, he'd be it. It helped that he had a weakness for elven wine and after two glasses grew positively chatty with those around him. Braggart and fool, Minerva declared him in her reports, and far too pretty for a man in her opinion. She wound through the halls, ducking and hiding behind doorways as swiftly moving cloaks went from room to room. While she doubted they'd give her more than a passing glance- she did not resemble the wanted ads in the least- it wouldn't do to draw undue attention. Whatever thievery was being associated with her was not of her making, despite the connections some novice Auror had decided upon. What would she want with an old locket anyway, or a tarnished cup? As a general rule, Minerva did not abide jewelry. She had her pocket watch and hairpins, and that was vanity enough for her. A booming laugh drew her to the end of the second-floor hall, to what appeared to be a dead-end, the wall lined from floor to ceiling with towering shelves, heavy with books and oddments. The laughter sounded again, and she sniffed at the air. Malfoy's cologne clouded her nose instantly, and she batted at her whiskers instinctively. She studied the shelves more closely; if a wall was not a wall, but a door… Minerva crept back, hugging the shadows of the hall, her eyes unaffected by the darkness, and waited. It wasn't long before the hidden door swished transparent, the glow and steam of the magic giving her a brief view into a smoky room, the walls lined with dark woods and a tall figure, masked and cloaked at the center. She darted past once the departing wizard was through, and found ample cover behind the bust-laden pillars that spotted the room. The wizard at the center was the only one still disguised, and his audience listened, enraptured. Minerva found a particularly convenient alcove to crouch in, the flash of her feline eyes hidden in the gloom of the overhanging curtain. The masked man spoke clearly, in a deep, cultured voice, the words heavy with years of forced practice; she wondered if human ears could pick up on the tiny breaks that spoke of its non-native origin. There were notes of the North in his voice, and not the well-off sort of Northerner. Her nose twitched at the sooted air, and she listened, closely, as the wizard continued to speak. "My brothers, you should not fear your weakness, but master it! To ignore that within you that is brittle and fragile is to embrace failure. You only gain strength from mastery of yourself and your craft. We are gifted as wizards to carry within us generations of power and magic that are singular, that separate our blood from the upstart rabble that encroach on our population." One of the listening wizards, a man she had identified two weeks earlier as a Slytherin senior of hers, Rikard Avery, called out. "You mean the mudbloods ." The disguised wizard appeared to pause, a crafted smile breaking his handsome lips. "Rikard, you must remember that language is a reflection of self. We are not the sort to use such words here." His smile softened, mirroring crudely that of a parent scolding a child. "But you are correct, I do speak of these newcomers who think themselves especially honored, who through some trick or trap finesse their ways into our hallowed halls and wave sticks that they try to call wands. "Have you not noticed how more and more of our kin are afflicted with a loss of their power? How, as the Muggleborns increase, we find our sisters and cousins, uncles and fathers growing ill and weak? The Ministry-" and his tone grew scornful, a few scathing sounds lifting from the room to echo behind him, "-our doting Ministry claims that there is no connection- no evidence, but do we not have eyes to see and ears to hear?" He stepped down from the elevated floorboards and placed a long-fingered hand on Avery's shoulder. "You state it crudely, Rikard, but you are correct: our blood has been dirtied and infiltrated, and we only have ourselves to blame for it." Another within the crowd, a new face Minerva hadn't spotted before but quickly recognized: Walden MacNair, another Slytherin who graduated when she was in her third year and now worked at the Ministry, in its Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures as an apprentice- reached out to touch the wizard's cloak reverently. "My Lord-" The masked wizard laughed lowly, the sound gentle to the ears and yet chilling to Minerva's own. "Walden, you know how I feel about titles. I have a name, you used it when we were at school." "Tom," MacNair corrected, his voice still that of a devoted worshipper. "What would you have us do?" Tom , Tom - Minerva ran the name through her mind; he would have been in Slytherin, being as chummy as he was with Avery and MacNair, but before her time. She would know that voice- would know that Northerner faking at gentry and cultivation. Only minutes in his presence, and she had the measure of this honey-tongued wizard; while her Muggle father had been humble and genuine in his religious servitude, she had met colleagues of his who had dreamt of more, aspired to a degree of deification that the faith occasionally granted. Charismatic and mesmerizing, had she not already been introduced to a world far grander than that of angels and demons, she too might have fallen prey. Tom held back his words, peering into the group and letting his dark eyes, ever blacker from within the silver panels of his mask, settle over each of them, one by one.