A/N: I so rarely write light-hearted stuff, but this is pure fluff. I love this pairing so hard, and yet there's little of it in the fandom. I've always felt that our girl needed a Weasley, but not necessarily *that* Weasley. The writing prompt for this was "A girl grows wings. Nothing else about her changes, and no explanation seems forthcoming about where the wings came from. What is more, they seem to have a mind of their own..." Slight Drunk!Neville was wonderful to write. I should borrow him more often. Also! If anyone draws, I would love for someone to create something for this one-shot. It's probably the first time I've written something that felt so visual. I'd love you forever and owe you loads. Anyway- enjoy! Wings in the Morning By: carpetfibers George Weasley dimly heard the raucous assault on his front door from beneath three layers of blankets and a thick stupor. The pounding ran in sync with the gifted headache the prior night's festivities left him. He had vague memories of an unmarked bottle of wine, overly sweet floating cocktails and at least three shots of an iridescent faerie nectar that Neville Longbottom swore had been harvested only a week earlier. He stumbled from his bedroom and past the kitchen, grabbing at the sober-up potion he must have left out for himself, and then swung his door open, glaring blearily at the feminine figure standing there. He took in the crazed jumble of near-curls, the flushed cheeks and the fairly burning brown eyes before registering a name with the face. Hermione Granger: war hero, his baby brother's ex-fiancee, political activist, and current bane of his existence. It wasn't her fault, not directly, he supposed, but George had good reason to want to avoid her, and having her show up at his flat first thing in the morning looking like she'd just finished a long run wasn't helping. "Granger," he greeted, voice cracking on the second syllable. She barrelled past him without replying. Once in his den, she began drawing close his curtains and shutting any other doors that allowed in sunlight. Only when the room was fully drawn in shadow did she face him, her expression giving way from anger and falling way to something more like humiliation. Concerned, George approached her carefully, finally noting the few other odd pieces of the tableau- the strange trenchcoat that hunched above her shoulders, what looked like a nightie beneath it, showing far too much of her tanned legs for his preference, and worn trainers that he thought he remembered from her Hogwarts days. "You're acting very strangely, Granger. You want to tell me what this is about?" "Don't even try to pretend at ignorance, George Weasley. I know very well who's behind this awful trick- and let me tell you, the days of letting you off after illegally testing new products on unknowing victims is long over." "Granger- Hermione- I didn't do anything to you. I don't even remember half of what happened last night, not after Neville started passing around that faerie nectar." He took a few steps closer, pleased that she didn't immediately shy off. "Whatever is it, I'm sure it's not as bad as you think." "I-" she bit down on her lip, her head bowing and sending her hair further askew. The temptation to help her push it back, to run his fingers through the tangles and let his fingers catch in the thickness of it was as cloying as ever. "I suppose it is kind of pretty, in a religious sort of way. . ." Fully curious now, he took the two steps left between them and tilted her chin back upward. "Go on and show me then." Still looking hesitant, she nevertheless nodded and then began shrugging out of the trench coat. Her bare shoulders distracted him briefly, and then she straightened, drawing his gaze back over her skin and to what extended behind her. He felt his eyes widen, felt his feet stumble backward, and then he was tripping over the rug and landing hard on his bum. He stared up at her, to her tousled hair and nervous smile, and to what could only be described as wings stretching far behind her. Large, feather-laden and pure as newly fallen snow- George had seen pictures before, the occasional religious Muggleborn having tried to convert the heathen Hogwarts population, but never had he the opportunity to use the word so aptly. He quite literally had an angel in his flat, the picture made perfect with her dirty trainers and growing embarrassment. "You have wings , Granger!" Her blush spread past her cheeks. "I'm aware . Are you certain this isn't one of your new products?" He shook his head adamantly, not quite ready to try at standing again. "Positive. Although, this is inspiring new ideas. Do they work- the wings that is- can you fly?" George didn't think it possible, but her flush deepened, and he fought back the smile that tugged at his lips. Merlin, she was adorable like this, wings and all. "I can't control it, but, er, if I catch the sunlight, up I go." He was at the window before she could protest, and sure enough, as soon as he drew back the curtain and the morning haze parted enough to send sunlight pouring in, her wings extended and lifted her a good half foot from the ground. "Close it, George! You know how I feel about fly-" With the sunlight vanished, she fell quickly and mirrored his earlier position, a wince and glare fighting to control her expression. "Thanks," she said, flatly. He helped her to her feet, resisted the impulse to touch the feathers and instead brought her to the stools that lined his small kitchen bar. Her nightdress hiked up a good inch or to as she took a seat, and George internally recited the many reasons he shouldn't notice these sorts of things, the list always beginning and ending with the same inescapable fact: just seven months earlier she was happily engaged to ickle Ronnikins. Their reasons for ending it were unhappy ones, and that Ron had moved on to more than one eagerly waiting witch hadn't made that transition any easier. But Hermione Granger was an honorary Weasley all the same, and George's mother had taken him and Percy and Charlie all aside and had them promise to watch out for her as they would for their sister. He'd crossed his fingers in his pockets while nodding his agreement, but he didn't think his mother, or really anyone else in the family would take it particularly well if he suddenly declared his amorous intentions. It was far too incestuous, for all that he'd never once even felt remotely brotherly toward her. The feelings he carried for the clever and lovely witch were not even slightly familial. "I don't know what to do now," she confessed. "I was convinced it had to be a new Wheeze or some other sort of prank that I hadn't considered other possibilities." "Just because it didn't come from me doesn't mean that it's not still a prank. Fred and I might have set fairly high standards, but our exploits have brought out many the copycat." Her expression grew soft at the mention of his twin; he tried not to relish the feel of her hand on his as she squeezed his fingers once, warmly. "You two certainly set the mark pretty high. Did you know that Professor Flitwick still has that piece of your swamp on display in his classroom?" "Yeah," George said, unable to stop the smirk that stretched his lips. "He owls every now and again, asking for the charmwork." "You try to hide it behind the humor, but there's a pretty brilliant mind in that thick skull of yours." She grinned at his mock pout, and he enjoyed the way her laughter filled his kitchen. "All right, though, your wings. . ." He stood and motioned for her to turn his back to him. "I'm going to see how they're attached. Let me know if any of this hurts." Ever so gently, he brought his fingers to where her wings first drew out from her skin, drawing his hand carefully under the soft feathers. He heard her deep intake of breath and paused. "Did that hurt?" "Er, no. . ." she managed, her voice pitched low in such a way that he felt his stomach clench. "The opposite, really. It felt, er, quite nice." "Which part? When I touched here," and he pressed his hand against the bare skin of her upper shoulder, letting his warmth soak into hers. While she shivered at his touch, she shook her head all the same. "Then how about here-" This time he drew his palm down and along the outer edge of the wing, the downy feathers ghosting along his skin and leaving behind pinpricks of sensation. He heard the low moan, the soft exhalation, and closed his eyes, counting once again. "That- that's where- I mean, it's just a bit sensitive." The glow of her cheeks stretched to the back of her neck, to where a small freckle, small and round and lovely in its imperfection lay, interrupting the sun-kissed expanse of her skin. George wondered, masochistically, how she might respond if he pressed his lips there, licked and bit his way to her throat and to her mouth. "Interesting," he commented, unable to disguise the husky thickness of his voice, and then rushed to continue, not wanting to force her interest or inspection. "But not too helpful, I think. "What do you remember from last night?" he asked, after a moment more spent studying the patches of skin her nightgown offered him where her wings broke through the cloth. "Nothing!" Hermione admitted with a groan. "That's the worst part. I remember Harry bringing out that mystery wine, which I definitely did not touch. I remember what happened last time I drank something Harry offered." George grinned; he remembered it as well. The alcohol's generous use of rose thorns had turned Hermione's normal affection levels to eleven, and half of the twenty odd guests had been gifted with open-mouthed kisses. He'd been one of the few she somehow missed in her fervent display of love and goodwill. "I was quite put out, you know," he told her, only slightly pretending at disappointment; the feeling was genuine. "You went from Ginny to Luna to Neville and then skipped right over me for Percy. It's hard not to take that sort of thing personally." "It's bad enough that I forced myself on my friends that night, George- if I had included you, I-" she stopped with a shake of her head, drawing her thoughts back. "It doesn't matter. As it is, I definitely didn't drink Harry's wine." "What about those floating blue drinks?" "The bluebell flamers?" He nodded, and she continued. "I don't think so. I mean, I do favor the more girlie drinks, but I'm not a fan of drinking something that's on fire. Even if it is magical." "Then that leaves Neville's faerie nectar." She let her head fall against the bar counter, her wings spreading to bow forward with her motion. "I really hope that's not the case. Do you think it was actual faerie nectar?" George shrugged. "Does it matter?" She straightened and whipped around, her frown warning him of an incoming lecture. The large wings that bent behind her head ruined the effect, though, and he grinned back at her unabashedly. "Of course it matters. Real faerie nectar has all sorts of strange properties when mixed with wizarding magic. It can cause your skin to glow, hair to grow, spontaneous singing, overwhelming happiness, uncontrollable dancing, and even brief, but passionate infatuation. There's a reason people get addicted to it, you know. It's magical, but in a party-favor sort of way." "It could explain your