Disclaimer and warning: The first part is going to be the only part in Bella's POV. It is also a violent rape scene, of which I am terrible at writing so I apologize. Those who are sensitive to such subjects, find it offensive or repulsive, or simply do not wish to read it, please skip to Alice's POV. I also do not own Twilight, or the characters within Twilight. The only character I own is Jasmine, and you will get to know her soon enough. This story is Rated M, not only for the violent graphic content, but for future language, intimacy and sexual scenarios. I would not be surprised if it is too much for FanFiction to allow. Please be kind, I have no Beta at this current time ((if you wish to be, or would be willing to be, please send me a PM and we can discuss it)) and Please comment and Review. Thank you. Z out. The night was late, as I trudged behind Edward. He had convinced me to come out to the meadow with him tonight, said there was something he wanted me to see. I agreed, but now walking through the cold night. I had surprisingly managed to hike with him, without falling, a feat doubly impressive considering I could barely see. As we broke out of the tree line into the meadow, I found my voice. "Are you sure about this, I mean, I could be caught by Charlie." He chuckled slightly turning to face me with that smile. Oh that smile, it could always make me melt, but tonight there was something behind it, something dark. Even his eyes seemed to have a reddish tint, but I shook my head smiling in return, blaming it on my imagination. He reached up and stroked my cheek as I caught up to him, in the center of the clearing. "You needn't worry about that, Bella." He replied coldly. I had to imagine it, but chills went through my spine as my heart skipped a beat. I looked at him quizzically and stared into his velvet eyes, shimmering with honey cold. But there was something wrong, his eyes were hinted with red, and my smile faded instantly. "What did you-" "Tonight, is a special night Bella" His cold voice lashed at my skin like a whip. I stepped back, or tried to, but his hands were now gripping my upper arms too tightly,and it hurt. "Tonight, we become one. Our bodies joined and tangled, as we bind ourselves to each other, forever." I stopped breathing for a moment, he didn't mean what I thought he meant did he. I mean it has only been 6 months, since we first kissed. I managed to slap his hands off of me and step back. "No Edward. I am not ready for that." I stood firm and held my ground watching him carefully as he took in my words, nodding slowly as he did. He looked away from me to the ground, then his eyes shot back to me, as he slapped me with the back of his hand, hard. I fell backwards onto the ground, tasting blood in my mouth. But before I could say anything, I felt a second slap across the same spot. Tears escaped my eyes as pain seared through my cheek and eye. I could feel the left side of my face beginning to swell. As I turned to face him, he slapped me a third time, even harder, and I felt my jaw break as a screamed out rolling backwards. I clutched my face one hand as I began to lift myself with the other. Despite the pain I opened my mouth to beg him to stop, but my voice was killed by a hard kick to my ribs, breaking more than one. I screamed in agony, knowing that no one would hear my plight. Fear overwhelmed me as I faced the horrifying truth. Nothing was going to stop him from this. I was on my back, struggling to breath, sobbing from fear and pain, as he straddled me, knees on the sides of each my hips. He ripped my shirt open, pulling hit from my body violently, followed quickly by my bra. He bent down, one hand cupping a breast, as he put his mouth against my ear. "You are mine, Bella, and I will have you." His voice was fire against my skin, and ice in my veins. "Whether you want to give yourself to me, or not" As he pulled his face away, I found a little strength and grabbed his face with my hands, sticking my fingers into his eyes, hoping that it was softer than his marble skin. I was right. He growled as he grabbed my forearms, squeezing with all his supernatural strength, breaking both bones in each arm like toothpicks. I screamed as he tossed my arms onto the ground, be he wasn't finished. He slapped me again, and again, by half naked body struggling feebly under him. He slapped me again harder then before, and I went limp for a moment as my body struggled to register what happened. As I came to my senses, body overburdened with pain, I felt his weight lift off of me, hoping it was over. A sharp snapping sound, followed by immediate excruciating pain told me otherwise. He had stomped on my right thigh, and then he did the same to my left. I screamed out to no one, words failing me as I mentally begged for help. I felt him rip my pants off, including my panties in one motion. I cringed from the pain of my legs, unable to move them. He pushed my legs apart, making me cry out, sobbing and wanting to die. He spoke but I could not make the words, before I felt the cold of him, thrust into my body. My voice failed, I stopped struggling as I submitted, falling into nothing as I laid there, body broken, as I felt him violating my body without remorse. Darkness was taking over, and I would let it, hoping death would soon follow, as everything I cherished was stripped away; my freedom, my virginity, my purity, my innocence, all gone by the touch of this vampire. My eyes closed as unconsciousness took me, and I thanked it silently, wishing to die… Alice POV I had finally gotten home, ran right into Esme's arms my mouth blubbering as incoherent words tried to find meaning from my mouth. She rocked me, but said nothing, the same worry I felt was mirrored in her eyes. Only minutes ago whilst hunting, I got the vision of Edward raping and beating Bella, not even caring about my thirst I had called Emmett, and he, Jasper and Rose all went out to stop him. Carlisle was not far behind, as he feared the worst. I opened my mouth to speak but the phone rang, neither my mother nor me moved as my newest sister, Jasmine, answered it. "Carlisle." It wasn't a question. " We found Bella, and it's not good." I let go of my mother, walking closer to the phone listening, my dead heart falling. "Meet us at the hospital in ten minutes" I didn't wait to hear my sister's response as I bolted for the garage. I reached my car I felt soft hand on my shoulder as I turned into the sad eyes of my mother. "We will go together, Alice." Her voice was soft, and it was only now that I realized I was trembling violently, not with anger, but fear. I felt the gentle arms of Jasmine wrapping around me as we moved to Esme's car. I was silent. I could not speak, because my voice would not work. Bella had become a pivotal piece to my family. Edward saw her first, then me, but we both reacted to it. She was special. She chose him and I opted to be her friend, despite my wishes. We made it to the hospital, and we didn't waste time. We got out of the car and quickly walked inside. As I scanned the room I found my sister, Rosalie pacing the waiting room. I ran to her and she wrapped her arms around me. "Rose, Is she alright? Will she be ok? What happened? Is she hurt badly?" My words were panicky and she shushed me softly rocking me. "Slow down Alice," She pulled back, her arms still holding me gently as she looked into my eyes. Her eyes were filled with sorrow, pain and pure rage. "She is not ok, she isn't conscious. Edward did what you said he was going to, and Emmett killed him. Dad is with her now, so we should have faith." Esme gasped hearing that Edward was now gone, but she didn't look too surprised. So we waited. And waited. And waited, for what felt like eternity. Only 2 hours have passed, but it felt like a lifetime, especially to vampires. Rose kept her arms around me as the others all stared intently at the floor. Finally Carlisle came out and gestured us to follow. We did, silently until we came to her room. I froze when I saw her. she almost looked like she was in a body cast. If rose hadn't been holding me, I would have fallen to the ground. "She has 9 broken bones, 4 of which were crushed, 2 were snapped and three broken ribs. Her skull is fractured, and her jaw was dislocated and broken in 2 places. Luckily she didn't suffer any brain damage. She has a bruised lung so breathing will be difficult for the next few months." He stopped and looked at me, seeing me sad, but I was also enraged beyond belief. "As for the rest, I would rather not say. Did you get a hold of Charlie, Jasper?" Jasper shook his head. "Nor could I get in touch with her mother or Phil. Which is odd." I gasped as a vision clouded over my eyes. Emmett opened the door to Charlie's house, and stepped inside to find the house too quiet. He walked slowly checking each room until he found Charlie, in his room. Eyes open and glazed over, his neck twisted inhumanly. The vision blurred and suddenly it was somewhere else Sun poured through the windows as Jasper stepped through the house, finding Phil on the couch, his neck bruised and broken, all life gone. As he moved throughout the house, he found Bella's mother in the bathroom a towel thrown across her, also showing signs of a broken neck. I snapped out of it and gasped, breathing heavily. "Alice, what did you see?" Rose whispered, though I know everyone could hear her. "They're dead. Charlie, her mother and Phil. I haven't been watching Edward, so he must have done it. Broke their necks." I whispered. The pain of the words tasted bitter as I struggled to stay standing. Edward had ruined Bella's life, and stripped her of any respite from the pain he caused her. "Oh my god!" Esme hissed. She was seething. "I am glad the boy is disposed of, because I would break vampire laws with what I would do to him. We will adopt her, if she wishes. That is, if she can forgive us, for him! " Her voice was full of venom when she mentioned Edward and I didn't doubt what she would do. I moved passed everyone and sat in a chair beside Bella. I wasn't going to leave until she woke up. I didn't need to say it, as the others let me be. I did not realize how long it would be until she woke up. Days had passed, and then weeks. She wasn't waking up. Soon it had been a month. And then two. During the third month, her body had recovered from a majority the injuries,