Tortured WARNING!: This story contains violent torture! Hence the "M" rating! If this is not your type of story, turn back now! A/N: This is just a short pointless one shot that came to me one night after having consumed entirely too much wine. I woke in the morning to find a new icon on my desktop to something labeled "Weird Fanfic". I opened it dreading what I might find, but discovered that it actually wasn't too bad. This story has no real explanation of why my characters are where they are, but if I get enough feedback I may create a story around it. This isn't perfect cannon-wise and my characterizations may be a little off, but bear with me or do not read. I would love feedback concerning this rather violent and odd piece so please read and review. To those of you wondering why I am not updating "Immortal Forever", well... this just sort of popped out and I had to post it. So... here we go! As his senses returned to him, Legolas realized two things. They were both very important things. The first was that he was securely bound and the second was that he had been drugged. He came to this conclusion because his vision was blurred and his senses were severely dulled. Legolas was nauseous and felt as if he might be sick at any moment. Legolas suddenly remembered where he was as a rather large and vicious Orc punched him hard in his face. Legolas glared at the Orc with blood spilling from the corner of his mouth and it glared back for a moment before turning away. It walked to one of its comrades and grabbed a whip. Now it should be said that Legolas was secured to a large post with his hands above his head. His feet were tied together then tied to the post and his hands were tied together then looped onto a secure hook so that his feet were several inches off of the ground. The Orc sneered at Legolas and put several deep, bleeding lashes across the bare skin of his shirtless torso. He managed to not cry out, but only just barely. The brutal lashing went on for at least ten minutes. When the Orc finally stopped whipping Legolas, he handed the bloody whip off to one of his subordinates, and then returned his attention to the Elf in front of him. "Now you will tell me where the other creature you were traveling with was or I will cause you pain you never even imagined existed in the very worst of your nightmares, elf. I will hurt you in ways you never thought possible. Now, tell me who and where he is," said the Orc leader to the restrained elf in front of him. "I cannot tell you what I do not know," Legolas said groggily, "I have no idea whom it is you are referring to. I was traveling alone. You know, by myself. No one else with me. Just me." The Orc punched him hard in the solar plexus and Legolas felt it as the wind was knocked out of him, "You lie, elf. You do not even lie well. You will die unless you tell me what it is I wish to know," the Orc sneered. "I will tell you nothing," Legolas said to the Orc. His vision was blurred and he felt exceptionally strange. Legolas was sure that he had been drugged. The Orc laughed at the wounded elf's last statement. "You will tell me AND you will die and there is nothing you can do to stop this," The creature said as he drew his dagger from a sheath on his belt. Legolas could see the blade clearly and it was filthy. The villain twirled it around a bit in front of the elf's face to get the maximum scare factor before speaking once more, "This is your last chance to tell me what I want to know, elf, before you start down a road of pain, misery, and, eventually,.. death." Legolas had heard what the Orc said but took a deep, calming breath before speaking. When he did speak his tone was sure and his voice was steady as he addressed his captor, "I will tell you nothing !" Legolas hissed at the beast. It smirked in a rather evil fashion before lodging the blade it had been holding in its hand into Legolas' shoulder, more into the chest. The wound was near to his heart. Legolas gasped, but other than that found himself unable to breathe. The pain was agonizingly relentless. It was so painful that Legolas very nearly lost consciousness over it. As he struggled to breathe, Legolas felt blood trickling down his chest and torso from his wounds. The loss of blood was weakening him badly. Though it did not matter as he couldn't fight them anyway, tied as he was. Without warning, the Orc twisted the blade eliciting a small, tortured yell from the elf. The twisted beast smiled and wrenched the blade from the fair elf's chest. "I will not kill you, elf. I shall wait for our master, what you call a Ring Wraith, to arrive. He will get you to talk. Until then though, we get to play with you. I am going to make you wish that your whore of a mother never met your coward of a father. You will beg for death before the end and I will be there to see you broken, elf. I swear I will see you broken or dead," the Orc said. "Keep your oaths, for they mean naught. You cannot fulfill those oaths if you are dead and I intend to see you that way if 'tis the very last thing that I do in this good world, spawn of evil," Legolas spat angrily. His blood cascaded to the floor and the elf could feel the burn of poisons in the wound. Legolas knew his hours were numbered and that they were not many. He felt his breathing become shallow and his heart rate become much faster than usual. Very much against his will, Legolas was becoming extremely drowsy. The elf realized that his body had betrayed him and gone into shock. That was the last coherent thought that Legolas had for a while. Then he slipped into the painless void of unconsciousness. Aragorn watched from the brush surrounding the Orc camp as his elven friend bravely defied his captors. It cost him though. Aragorn was forced to watch helplessly as Legolas was tortured to unconsciousness. As much as Aragorn wanted to help his friend, he knew that if he charged in now his friend would just have someone to die next to. He had to wait for the cover of daylight when the creatures slept and try to sneak the elf away from the camp. They could not afford a confrontation. They would not win. That was why they had split up and tried to escape these Orcs in the first place. When Legolas did not meet back up with him at the appointed place and time, Aragorn knew something was wrong. He had immediately gone in search of his elven companion. When he had stealthily made his way up to the edge of the camp, Aragorn was praying to the Valar that Legolas was not there, but alas! The elf was indeed among the foul Orcs and he was hurt. The blood that Aragorn saw trickling from his best friend's wounds enraged him. He wanted so badly to kill every last one of the creatures that had dared hurt Legolas. It did not help the man's mood that he had clearly heard what they were questioning the elf about. Legolas was being tortured because he would not tell the foul Orcs about him. It tore at Aragorn's heart knowing that he was the cause of Legolas' pain. Aragorn sat there silently praying that daylight came early this morning and that the Orcs would bed down without delay. They could not afford for the Ring Wraith to arrive before they escaped. He watched the rise and fall of Legolas' chest as he hoped that dawn wouldn't be too late for his elven friend. Not long after Legolas had lost consciousness, the Orcs once again approached him. Aragorn shuddered, knowing what was in store for the elf. Legolas woke abruptly when he was doused with a bucket of icy cold water. The first sound Legolas heard was the sound of the Orcs' gravelly laughter. He opened his eyes and tried to focus them, but his vision was blurry at best. The elf remained quiet and motionless as the pain of his injuries assaulted him suddenly. Legolas found himself wishing for the painless relief of unconsciousness. He watched the Orcs waiting to see what they were going to do. That is when the unfortunate elf saw the Orc leader. He was over near the fire holding something deep within the blazing hot coals. Legolas had a pretty good idea of what was coming next and though he did not show it, he was suddenly very nervous. Though the Orc captain could not see it, he could feel the fear emanating from the elf. He smirked evilly and removed his tool from the fire. It was an evil looking brand that this clan of Orcs used to brand their Wargs. When the Orc leader was in front of Legolas he stopped. Still wearing that sneer upon its face, the creature began to speak. "Ready to talk yet, elf?" it asked. "Never," was all Legolas could get out before the red hot brand was pressed to the bare skin of his chest directly in the center. Legolas squeezed his eyes shut and clenched his teeth in effort not to give the Orcs the satisfaction of hearing him cry out. After what seemed to Legolas like an eternity, the burning metal was removed from his chest. The elf took a few breaths before opening his eyes. They met with the blood red ones of his captor's. Legolas' gaze unnerved the beast and it was forced to look away from the deep, angry blue eyes. "You are either extremely stupid or very loyal, elf. I lean toward stupid. It matters not though, for it is all in vain. You will give my master the information he needs and then you will be killed. You can tell me now and ensure yourself a swift death, or you can hold out. I can tell you that our master will get what he wants regardless and you will suffer slowly. His methods of extracting information are far more unpleasant than mine. When he is done with you, I will seem friendly, soft even," the Orc leered, "You are doomed, elf. There is no escape but death for you. Only death will end your pain and suffering now." "If you had any... intelligence whatsoever... you would be praying... to whatever higher power... that you worship... that I never get free," Legolas said in between ragged breaths as he glared daggers at the creature, "because I would... revel in slowly... killing you, Orc." Legolas' chest hurt badly. The part that bothered him worst was that if by some miracle of the Valar he lived through this, he would carry that brand forever. Burns that were that bad were one of the only scars that would not fade into nothingness on an elf. Most scars faded to the point where they were no longer visible, but bad burns and Morgul wounds were different. Those scars remained marring their otherwise flawless bodies for all of the ages. Being branded like a Warg had really hurt both physically and mentally. His pride and moral were badly damaged and Legolas was furious beyond reason at the Orcs cruel treatment. The elf had meant what he said. If Legolas could have gotten free at that moment