"Today you will be divided into pairsrs. One will be brewing the potion and once it is done the other will identify the potion based on smell and sight." Professor Eidelbrach announced to the Eighth Year Potions class. Harry looked at his partner Hermione and she rolled her eyes. She knew she would be the one brewing the potion. It was still very likely that Harry wouldn't get it right but he had more of a chance at a decent grade with Hermione brewing. The class set to work and Harry fought to stay awake. The war may have sparked his appreciation for a lot of subjects but Potions still wasn't one of them. Even after his late night talks with Snape's portrait about the many benefits of learning the art he wasn't convinced. It was dull and paid too much attention to detail. Harry was much too straightforward to appreciate its nuances. The Boy-Who-Lived chose to focus on his professor at times like this instead. The man was undeniably attractive. He was roughly 25 with a bright smile and wavy brown hair. He always found himself in precarious situations with the young teacher in his daydreams. He was brought out of a specific one involving the desk in Eidelbrach's office he'd once caught a glimpse of when Hermione cleared her throat. "Harry I'm finished. I'm positive you'll get this one in a jiff." She smirked at him and he already knew what it was. Harry glanced over the rim of the cauldron and scrunched up his nose at the foul-smelling potion that looked like mud. "Polyjuice." "Right you are Mr. Potter. Great brew Ms. Granger though I shouldn't be surprised! Ten points to Gryffindor for you both." Professor Eidelbrach winked at Harry and he grinned maniacally before he received an elbow from Hermione. Her and Ron were the only ones that knew Harry was gay but her look told him everyone would know if he kept it up. Eidelbrach went to Ron and Seamus next. "Mr. Weasley what potion has you partner brewed?" Ron leaned in to look and took a long whiff. "I'd know that anywhere Professor, that's Wolfsbane." Ron said between coughs after inhaling a bit of steam from the potion. Hermione had been brewing it every month for Remus the last year. The three of them could smell it from a mile away. "Very good Mr. Weasley." Eidelbrach smiled and moved on. "Mr. Malfoy?" Harry watched as the blond gave a long sniff. So Malfoy hadn't been totally evil and maybe they'd saved each others lives during the war. That didn't mean they had to like each other, they had already gotten detention twice for squabbling. "Ugh! This potion reeks like Potter." Malfoy said pulling his head back with a vicious sneer. The Slytherins snickered and everyone else either rolled or averted their eyes. Harry looked at his professor who looked like he'd just been attacked with a Petrificus Totalus. "Well I er…" The man cleared his throat. "Would someone else like to give it a try?" Hermione immediately shot out of her chair and walked to the cauldron. She may have become more relaxed since the war but that didn't mean she wasn't still Hermione. She leaned in and took a whiff while Malfoy and Blaise Zabini acted theatrically disgusted by her. "Oh! Oh my goodness…" The bushy-haired girls eyes went wide as she turned between Harry and Malfoy. "Malfoy, you're certain this smells like Harry?" She asked and he frowned. Why would Hermione ever second-guess herself to that prat? "Yes I'm sure Mu- Granger. I'd know that horrible stench anywhere." Malfoy replied screwing his face up. Harry rolled his eyes. "Well then er… Professor, this is Amortentia." Hermione said looking at Harry apologetically. You could have heard a faerie wing hit the floor. Amortentia. The strongest love potion in existence. Brewed by Blaise Zabini who was known to be as adept at potions as Snape's godson, Malfoy. Amortentia. The love potion that only smells like the person you're in love with. And Malfoy had smelled Harry Potter. Malfoy looked like he'd seen a ghost. His eyes flicked between the cauldron and Harry and Hermione. "Well Granger." He said after a moment. "I know this may come to as a shock to you Granger but you are capable of coming to a very wrong conclusion." What Harry had come to call the 'Malfoy Mask' was out in force now. "Yes Mr. Malfoy, Ms. Granger is human therefore she is capable of making mistakes." Professor Eidelbrach looked angry and Harry was unsure why. "However, she is correct in this case. Mr. Zabini has brewed a perfect batch of Amortentia just as I assigned him. And you smelled our Harry here." The instructors eyes focused on Harry. The intensity of his stare made the brunette squirm. Malfoy growled low in his throat and then coughed as if to disguise it. The Slytherin straightened his tie and looked around the room. Harry detected a bit of panic. "Malfoy I-" He started. "Potter please learn when to shut that oafish mouth of yours." Malfoy said before sweeping up his books and storming out of the room. All Draco could think as he lay in his bed under his blankets was fuck Amortentia . "Draco?" "No." "Draco Lucius Malfoy. What happened to not being a coward this year?" Draco moved the blankets down from over the top of his head to shoot a withering glare at Pansy. The small girl didn't even notice. It was times like these he regretted choosing her as a best friend. Sure, it had gotten his father off his back but now she knew far too much about him, it was unsettling. She walked over to sit on the edge of his bed. "Draco, it's been two days. You must leave this room. Your probation requires you do well in school and at this rate you'll be failing everything." Pansy looked as concerned as any Slytherin was capable of when not trying to trick someone. He sighed and sat up. "Pans. Everyone knows." He said in a small voice he barely recognized as his own. "I know." She rested her hand on his leg. "I can't go out there. What if he tries to talk to me?" He couldn't imagine facing Potter now. It was bad enough seeing him across the Hall and in class and everywhere else all these years, seeing the boy he loved look at him with so much disgust. Now he knew Draco's secret, and the disgust would be for an entirely different reason. It would be too much and he couldn't take it. Not to mention now everyone would know he's gay. The remarks and hexes were enough before when everyone hated him for being a Death Eater. Now he was a shirt-lifting-Potter-loving-Death- Eater. "If he tries to talk to you just do what you've always done. You can avoid him as much as possible but we have Potions again today and you'll have to see him. After that, you can come back here." She grabbed his hand and pulled him up. "It will be okay Draco. Just pretend it never happened. Ignore the comments and it'll be okay. Now get dressed." Pansy gave him a pat on the cheek and walked out. She was right. He had to go to class. The ridicule would be terrible but it would be better than going to Azkaban if his grades suffered. He sighed and pulled on his robes and looked in the mirror to try to straighten out his hair. He spritzed a tiny bit of his cologne on. His mother had given him the magically replenishing bottle his first year and he never felt put-together without it. He walked out of his dorm and linked arms with Pansy. At least he had her. Even if everyone else hated him. They managed to get to Potions first and Draco sat at his usual table with Pansy behind him. He buried his nose in a book and tried not to flinch when he heard the door open. Someone sat next to him and he assumed it was Blaise until he heard that voice. "Alright Malfoy?" He looked up from his book and into the face of Harry Potter. "Potter, what do you think you're doing?" He sneered. "We're sitting by you." Came Granger's voice behind him. The girl was pulling her books out and setting them between her and Pansy. "May I ask why?" He narrowed his eyes at Pansy who was looking especially unsurprised. "Well you've been hiding out the last two days so you haven't heard but people are saying some, er, less than promising things about what they're going to do when you show your face." Potter scrunched his face up. "We figured they'd be less likely to hex you if we were around." Potter and his lackeys were trying to protect him? "And why would you care?" The brunette ruffled his delicious hair in that way he did when Draco knew he was nervous. "Seems like everyone is less aggressive about the Amortentia thing and more about you being, er, bent. And well…" He took a deep breath and his eyes met Granger's for a second. "Let's just say that hits home. I don't like it so I'm doing something about it." Wait, what was that? Being ridiculed for being bent hit home to Potter? Was he bent? Well he did look at Granger so was she? No, that doesn't make sense she's with the Weasel. It had to be Potter. Some small feeling like hope lit inside Draco before he squashed it. Even if he was, there was no way Saint Potter would ever like a former Death Eater. Not after all the things Draco had said and done to him. "While I'm sure this idea is some idiotic Gryff-" "Don't waste your breath Malfoy." Draco looked around Potter to see the Weasel sitting next to a very perplexed Blaise. "We already tried to talk him out of it but he used that stupid Slytherin side of his and here we are." The red-head slammed his books on the table. Draco looked back to Potter and frowned. "Slytherin side?" He asked with an eyebrow raised. The Gryffindor smiled at him and then subtly 'hissed' at the blond with a wink. Did Potter just flirt with him?! Draco felt the urge to jump him right there and might have if Professor Eidelbrach hadn't walked in. The man looked around the room confused before walking to write instructions on the board. Draco copied down the instructions and didn't even bother consulting Potter before setting to work. He wasn't going to let his frustrating presence effect Draco's potion. He was surprised when Potter began slicing and crushing the ingredients he had laid out. He inhaled the earthy smell, it was so familiar and always made him feel at home. "Trying to catch a whiff of your sweetheart, faggot?" Draco whipped around and simultaneously felt Potter go very still beside him. It was that Ravenclaw Michael Corner. He opened his mouth to say something but stopped when he felt a hand brush his. Potter had turned around and was leaning back on his stool with his legs out and his arms crossed. The Slytherin knew that look, he had felt the brunt of it many, many times. "I thought Ravenclaws were supposed to be clever Corner. Surely you could think of something better than calling him a faggot?" Potter asked and Corner seemed to almost visibly shrink. "Are you defending him? He's a Death Eater! And a pouf! What the hell Potter whose side are you on?" Malfoy had to give it to the boy he had balls standing up to Potter like that. Foolish, suicidal balls. "Well Corner considering the war is over, I don't think I need to take sides. And since you're throwing around names want to call