Disclaimer: Don't own or profit from this. Author's Notes: This is the prequel/sequel to my story Defiance . It helps to read it first, because this is essentially the story of the characters before that story takes place (and maybe after). The lives of Elmarta, Khanwen, Lothiriel, and Theodwyn first before they were selected (showing why they left), and will probably cover the time gap in Defiance (after Elmarta's death, showing the other character's lives on Middle Earth). This is my longest chapter, the others are not this long. Chapter 1: The Hunt (Elmarta and Khanwen) "Your horses are ready milady," a groomsman said coming into the talan of Elmarta, second daughter of Celeborn and Galadriel, where she and Khanwen were talking. "Your parents say they will be with you in a moment." "Thank you," Elmarta said smiling. "I'm glad you are coming on the hunt with us," she said turning to her best friend Khanwen. "I also hear Haldir was asked to join us," she teased. Khanwen laughed. "I adore a good hunt, and everyone knows that the royal hunts are the best." They walked down the stairs to the lower flet where Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel joined them. "Now we are all here so let us not tarry," Celeborn said. "Why was the hunt being held in Mirkwood?" Khanwen asked. "They have not hosted a hunt for nearly five decades. I suppose King Thranduil wanted to host one. Especially when things seem to be getting darker," Elmarta said with an imperceptible shudder. "Well, any excuse to see the Mirkwood Prince," Khanwen said. She had such a serious expression that it made Elmarta laugh. "What was the joke?" Haldir asked as he rode up to join them. "We were just discussing how the hunt provides us with a wonderful opportunity to see the Prince of Mirkwood again," Khanwen said. Haldir laughed. "Yes, I can see why this might be a, shall we say, productive trip," Haldir said laughing. "You two are wretched," Elmarta said. "If half of what you were teasing me about was true, I wouldn't mind, but we are nothing more than friends. Just like the last time we saw each other, and most likely the next time we see each other as well." "Mores the pity," Khanwen said. "More like completely depressing," Elmarta muttered but they both heard and laughed. She glared at them. "You know, I could have you replaced March Warden," she said threateningly, but it had the opposite affect making him grin. "Empty threats, my lady, empty threats," he said happily. Elmarta raised her chin haughtily. "Perhaps, then, I should talk to mother about having Khanwen working with some of the other girls. I hear that the males in the east of Lorien are rather fetching," Elmarta told Khanwen. "My handmaiden's niece is telling her constantly how handsome the elves are. Hair as soft as silk!" Khanwen was nodding enthusiastically and Haldir was glaring daggers at Elmarta. "Better yet, how about we take an extended stay somewhere?" Khanwen asked her friend. "We could detain our return home with a visit in Rivendell, I seem to recall a particular elf in Mirkwood who had exceedingly handsome eyes . . ." "Remember the one in Rivendell? Erestor's cousin I believe," Elmarta said. "He seemed quite attractive, and was very attentive." "No! Not Manelestor! He was slightly too attentive," Khanwen said. "What did he do?" Haldir demanded to know but the girls were too far gone into girl talk to pay him attention. "Not Manelestor! Valor's no. He was taken with another elleth anyways. No, I meant his cousin . . . ." Haldir gave an exasperated and frustrated sigh as he shook his head at them. He rode up to the front of the procession where he found Rumil. "I can see you did not care for the turn of conversation with them," he said, his eyes laughing. Haldir glared at his younger brother. "You would suffer as well if it was your elleth," he said. "Ah, you see brother, that is where we differ. If I had an elleth, she would know about it! Unlike you, who has yet to tell Khanwen more than 3 words on the matter except to complain about all the other males she talks about." "Take up the rear guard with Orophin," Haldir ordered. Rumil laughed but followed his brother's orders. Soon even Khanwen and Elmarta's chatter quieted as they passed the Lorien border. They rode hard and reached Mirkwood the next afternoon. Celeborn and Galadriel led the procession to the royal family lodging. Rumil and Orophin went with the servants to look after the horses and possession while the rest of the party was led to their private rooms. "Lord Elrond and his children have already arrived," one of the girls said as she led Celeborn, Galadriel, and Elmarta to their rooms. "Lady Arwen's suite is across the hall from yours, milady," she said as she left Elmarta in her suite. Elmarta washed and changed gowns. She wasn't surprised to hear Arwen knock on her door. "I suppose Khanwen has already teased you mercilessly about being in Mirkwood," Arwen said with a smile. Elmarta laughed. "Indeed. But we had our fun as well." "Yes," Arwen said laughing. "I passed by your March Warden earlier. He did seem a bit . . . disgruntled." They talked while Elmarta finished getting ready before dinner would be served. "The only reason I can figure why you have been teasing me so much about my lack of love life these past few minutes is because you have discovered Aragorn is not coming to these hunts," Elmarta teased as she looked at Arwen through her looking glass. She smiled as Arwen blushed. They heard a knock on the door and Elladan entered. "I figured my sister would be here," Elladan said. "Did you even bother trying her room first?" Elmarta asked and Elladan gave her a look that clearly said 'I know better than to waste my time with that.' He escorted them both down to the dinning hall. "Do not even start," Elmarta warned as Elladan was about to tease her as well. Elmarta took a place between her mother and Arwen and across from Elrond. Elladan sat next to his father and Legolas (who was across from Elrohir). "Was there any difficulties journeying here?" Thranduil asked. "There was tracks of orcs half a days ride before we reached Mirkwood," Celeborn said. "I took the liberty of sending a few of my guards to see if they went towards Mirkwood or away from it." "The orcs are pushing all of their boundaries," Elladan said. "Orcs have never been strictly territorial," Elmarta pointed out. "True, but they have had patterns to their behavior," Elrohir said. "Lately, this past decade, they have been making subtle changes. Growing more bold." "We have noticed it as well," Thranduil said. "I'm afraid it is not just orcs, but let us discuss more pleasant things over dinner." They started talking about the hunt instead. When dinner was over, everyone adjourned to the music hall. Thranduil had some of the musicians start playing and soon everyone was enjoying themselves. "Would you grace us with a story Elmarta?" Legolas asked. "Anything in particular?" Elmarta asked her audience. She looked at Arwen and smiled as inspiration came to her. She started singing about the story of Tuor and Idria. "Now, I believe it is your turn Legolas," Elmarta said grinning. Legolas laughed good-naturedly and took her place. It wasn't until late in the evening that everyone went to bed. The next morning Elmarta woke up to find Arwen and Khanwen sitting on the edge of her bed with Cheshire grins. "Alright, that is completely frightening," Elmarta mumbled. "Come on. We have the whole day planned!" Arwen said excitedly. "First there is breakfast, where Elladan agreed to let you take his seat . . ." "Next to Legolas," Elmarta pointed out. "Then there are archery tournaments all midmorning," Khanwen added. "Where Legolas is competing," Elmarta pointed out. "And Haldir," She added as an afterthought. "Then the afternoon picnic and we have already reserved who we are sitting with," Arwen said. "Let me guess, would Legolas be one of them?" Elmarta said exasperatedly. "Then we have more games this afternoon, followed by the dinner and ball tonight," Khanwen said. "Have you already reserved all of my dances with Legolas?" Elmarta joked. "Certainly not. Actually, I'm thinking you shouldn't dance with him at all. It will drive him mad," Khanwen said. Elmarta shook her head. "You are all completely mad, you know that? This lacks all subtlety." "He's been beating around the bush for a few centuries, mellon nin. Sometimes I think he is worse than Haldir," Khanwen said. Arwen pretended to pout. "So you don't think we should?" Elmarta laughed. "I never said I wasn't up to it." "Good. In truth, we haven't actually done anything, but I know Legolas will still spend the entire day with you," Arwen said. "You are a hopeless romantic, you know that?" Elmarta declared. She headed to her wardrobe and found, with much advice volunteered from Khanwen and Arwen, a gown for the day. They headed down to breakfast where Khanwen shot her a triumphant look (clearly saying 'I told you so') as Legolas took a seat next to her when he came in. After breakfast Legolas and Elmarta walked down to the archery fields. "I hope Haldir is competing," Legolas said with a mischievous look. "Believe me, he is looking forward to it," Elmarta said. "He is still sore you beat him in Rivendell at the last competition." "He tried to blame that it was because he saw Khanwen flirting with another male," Legolas said laughing, "which, we all know, would not only distract Haldir but make him madder than a hornet." Elmarta nodded. She hugged him as they reached the fields. "Good luck." "Rooting against your own March Warden?" he joked. "Well, he isn't going to be distracted this year," Elmarta said, "for Khanwen and I are both competing in the archery contest ourselves. It seems some of the Mirkwood elleths believe them to be the best archers in middle earth." "Ah, well, aren't all elleths allowed to be boastful?" He said. Elmarta smacked his shoulder. "If you are referring to the time I boasted I could race to the Great Oak faster than you, I would like to point out firstly that we were only children ourselves, and secondly, I did beat you so my boasting had foundation," she laughed. "I think we should have a rematch," Legolas declared as she walked off. She waved to Khanwen and joined her on the fields where the female elves were competing. "I tried to get Arwen to join in, but she declined. She said she was cheering for us," Khanwen said and waved to Arwen. "Such a sweet maiden. I do hope Estel can make her dreams come true." "I hope as well. I know it will break Elrond's heart, but it would be more horrid for Arwen. I don't have the heart to bring it up, though, with either of them. Especially now with times the way they are. Ever since Mithrandir confided in my mother that he believed Bilbo's ring is the long sought after One Ring, I have felt a change in everything," Elmarta said. "What scares me more is that my mother has also felt these changes." Khanwen nodded. They were whispering since they were part of the select few who knew that Gandalf was going on a quest to find the ring. They didn't say any more as they lined up preparing to compete. After the first round, where the target was at 300 paces, Elmarta shared a grin with Khanwen as some of the more boastful elleths were eliminated. What had started out as about three dozen girls was now down to a little over 2 dozen. "Thank the