This story is pre-epilogue, although it's not exactly what you guess happens in the book. Katniss and Peeta's pursuit of living normally is being threaten again, and now they're being threaten with loved ones they thought were gone. Sorry for the wait, ( the readers who've read BH). The 1st chap is always the hardest for me. Happy Reading! Chapter 1 I can't believe I'm doing this. I've always told myself I wasn't going to get married or have children, but here I am, walking to the Justice Building with my hand in Peeta's. I want to marry him; I love Peeta, but it's funny how I went completely against my younger self's ideas. I'm very different from the girl four years ago, before that Reaping Day. Peeta and I walk ahead of everyone into town. The only people accompanying us are Haymitch, Greasy Sae, her family, and Thom. I can feel the sweat on my hands. I guess I'm nervous, but there's nothing that will change my mind now. We have this mutual love of protecting each other. And this not just the love I have of people to protect them, but he makes me happy. He cheers me up when despairing memories uphold my mind, and when nightmares wake me up in the middle of the night. We reach the steps of the Justice Building. I slightly shiver from the morning fall wind on my arms. I'm only wearing a shawl over my dress, and so Peeta doesn't hesitate to notice and hold me close to him. "You ready to do this?" he asks. "Absolutely ready," I answer. He smiles one of those smiles that lights up a room, and then takes my hand again. We walk into the building, the others trailing along. A smiling, bellied man leads us to the front of a court room. Then begins the District 12 process of a legal marriage . The minister is speaking, but during the whole thing, I can't draw my eyes away from Peeta's. Put before us are the forms to register our marriage. The minister hands me a pen. "Sign here to officially bind you in marriage with this man," he says. I take the pen in my moist hand and sign my name on a line. I give back to him and he gives it Peeta. "Sign here to officially bind you in marriage with this woman." When he finishes he smiles at me, because now we are legitimately married. "I understand that there is something you wanted to add to the ceremony?" says the minister to Peeta. I look to at him questionably, not expecting any kind of special tradition taking place at the signing. That's usually what the toasting is for. "There is," Peeta says. He reaches into the pocket of his jacket and pulls out a silver ring with the pearl he gave me as its stone. Rings aren't popularly used in District 12 weddings, but I smile at how much this little object means to me now. I watch as he puts it on my finger and it feels so alien to me, but wonderful. The minister pronounces us married, and Peeta doesn't hesitate to kiss me. I put my arms around his neck and press our lips together for several seconds till we remember we have an audience. We all walk outside into the cold, and receive congratulations and hugs. We had planned for the rest of the ceremony to take place at Peeta's house. The night before, the two of us spent baking our cake and the bread for the toasting. He did most of it, but I helped in what Peeta allowed me to do, considering I'm not much of a cook as he is. "It's freezing out here," complains Haymitch. "You guys can further boast about your happiness indoors." "Alright Haymitch," Peeta says teasingly. He pats him on the back and then he holds onto my hand and we walk back to our home. Because I live there now, don't I? Greasy Sae is joking around about her little grand-daughter getting married, which makes the little girl scowls, finding it absurd because she doesn't like boys. Thom, Peeta, and I are laughing when I spot someone sitting on the steps of my house next door. I stop laughing and find I can tell who it is from this distance. She stands up and walks toward us. Her hair has turned lighter with grey, and her pale complexion brightens her blue eyes. Prim's eyes. "Mother," I say surprised. "Katniss dear, look how much you've grown," she says with a sad smile. "Well, that's what happens when you haven't seen your daughter in three years," I utter plainly. Her smile turns in a limp line. "I came to see you at your wedding, but my train arrived late. I just decided to wait here till you came back." "You missed the signing, but we're having the ceremony in our home," says Peeta. He just didn't want to give me the time to come up with a remark. "We like it you'd stay with us." "Why thank you, Peeta. Congratulations to you both," she says. Peeta goes to unlock the door and I'm left to walk with my mother. "We have lots to catch up on, don't we?" she says. I'm at Peeta's side the whole time, because I just don't feel up to having alone time with my mother. She leads the traditional song while Peeta and I enter through the threshold of the home. She smiles tenderly when we have the toasting, and later on, while she talks to Greasy Sae of my childhood, she seems to be beaming. Hands touch my shoulder, and I turn my head to see Peeta behind me. He leans toward my ear and speaks softly. "You know," he says. "She's the only family you have left, and I don't think she would've come if she didn't want to make amends with you." "You're my family now," I say. He kisses my head. "But she's your mother." I take a deep breath and nod my head. "I'll try…" He turns his head and kisses me gently. We walk back to group, and join in conversation. At first the least I do is to hold my resentment and not make any bad remarks. I add a small laugh or two. My mother gains a pleased expression when eventually she sees I'm not acting to like this. I guess I'm not acting. "Well, good night to you both," says Haymitch. "I'll just take this bottle here, for the memory. You guys don't have too much fun, alright?" " Haymitch ," I say threateningly. Haymitch only laughs at me, and walks down the steps and to his house. He waves at us and Peeta is the only one who waves back. Peeta and I enter the house. My mother has just finished helping us clean in the kitchen. "I should head to the house," she says. Mother wanted to stay in my home next door. I talk to her about how she'll be alone, but she insisted. "I'll walk with you," I say. "I'll be alright." "No, I want to." She nods and I pick up her bag. Peeta says he'll stay to finish cleaning up. He gives me an encouraging smile before my mother and I walk outside. When we reach the house, she takes the bag from me and then puts her hand in it. "I have something to give you," she says. She takes out an envelope and hands it to me. "It's a letter from Hazelle, the children, and one from Gale." "From Gale?" She only nods. She hands me the letters, kisses me on the forehead, and then goes into the house. I walk back, letter in hand, wondering about what this sudden attempt of communication from him means. I sit on the couch in our home with the letters in hand. I'm deciding whether or not to open them now. I hear Peeta come from kitchen. "What's that?" he asks. "It's a letter. From Hazelle…" I decide to stop there because whatever it is, it could bring my happy moment and good mood to a halt. And what if it's not bad? Just because I haven't spoken to him in years, doesn't mean the first form of contact from him will be bad news. I think it is best to just wait to read it tomorrow. "I'll read it in the morning. Let's go to bed," I say. Peeta dismisses it and holds out a hand. "Right this way Mrs. Mellark," he says in a far too formal tone. Grinning, I take his hand and we go up stairs. I realize what tonight means. As we both get ready for bed, I'm getting nervous. It's normal right? Peeta and I of course sleep together all the time, but I've never let myself become so intimate. There have been times when I experience the familiar warmth that I felt on the beach in the Quarter Quell, but I'm never let myself get any father than that. It's my fault. I'm wary of how vulnerable a person becomes, and let's face it. I'm not the lovely, seductive, passasionate kind of girl. But I do know I love Peeta. I splash water on my face in the bathroom and brush my hair out of its waves my braid causes. I look in the mirror and I see the scars on my arms and the faint burn marks. How can I call myself beautiful? With a past as ugly as mine, it's hard to say I'm one to be called comely or romantic. No, these scars are part of me, and I wouldn't be here thinking about this if Peeta didn't love me like I do him. I take a deep breath and continue to gaze at myself in the mirror, encouraging some needed confidence. In the reflection, I see the wall behind me with the small blurry bathroom window. It darkens, like something is blocking it from the outside. Someone is out there. I watch the dark form change shape, there's a click, and then the all too familiar sound of a gun firing instantly makes me drop to the ground. It fires three times, but I can't feel any bullets go through me as I fall to the ground and put my hands over my head. I feel the shards of the mirror fall all over me and the sting of them on my skin. I hear the rustling of the gunman outside from the broken window. I get on my feet, ignoring the broken pieces on the ground, and look to the window. Within the second, Peeta darts through the door to me in his pajama pants and a t-shirt. He doesn't look harmed. "Katniss, are you alright? Did you get hit?" He takes my arms and holds them to the light. "Oh no, you're bleeding." "Otherwise, I'm okay," I say. "No, you're bleeding a lot. We have to get you help now." "Wait, I saw them. They're outside, but they're getting away…" "You're losing a lot of blood, and right now we just need to stop the bleeding before you go into shock." Before I say anymore, he goes to cabinet and takes out the first-aid kit and begins taking things out. I begin to notice the stream of blood beginning to form on the floor, and the streaks on my arms. I begin to worry that this scene of blood everywhere and the gun fire will cause one of his flashbacks, but it would have started by now. He's still in control of himself. I sit on the side of the tub, and Peeta quickly tends to my legs and arms, pulling out shards, washing, and bandaging. "You'll be alright," he says. I notice he looks fearful, but how can he not when suddenly a gun goes off and