Disclaimer: The Twilight series and surrounding enterprises are the sole property of Stephanie Meyer. I claim no ownership to the saga or its characters and am writing this story for the sole purpose of entertainment. Also, the lyrics used in this work are the sole property of the artists which wrote them as is the music that was written for those lyrics. I do not own any part of that enterprise either I merely use music as an inspirational background, or mood setting tool for my writings. Copyright notice: While I do not own the Twilight series or its characters, the plot for "A New Dawn: Aurora", along with the characters Ulysses, Theron, Angel, Lucien, and others not already in the Twilight series are my personal intellectual property. I will not hesitate to report any infringement upon this copyright. Please be respectful and don't steal. Thank you. A New Dawn: Aurora Chapter 1 : Rising Fog Steam, like the icy tendrils of the spirit world, rose from the warm pavement beneath the silver Volvo as it raced down the narrow two-lane blacktop. The road between Forks and La Push was surrounded on all sides by dense forest, some of which we had not been allowed to tread upon since long before the treaty was forged. 'What the hell was Alice thinking? There's nothing out of the ordinary out here.' I groaned scanning the forest on both sides for any sign of a threat. I was glad that Bella and Renesmee were safe with the others. I could hear Alice's sweet soprano voice ringing in my head. 'You're getting close, please be careful. I don't think Carlisle or Esme would appreciate you hurt and I know for a fact that Bella feels the same.' I had no more than rolled my eyes when something ahead caught my attention. Jake stood just clear of the trees that bordered the oncoming lane. I could see he was injured though to what extent I was uncertain. I slammed on the brakes. The car fish-tailed as the tires fought for traction on the damp pavement. I pulled the steering wheel hard to the left, swinging the car around so that the passenger seat would be closest to him. Turning into the skid, the car came to a screeching halt in the middle of the oncoming lane. I pushed the lever, rolling down the window. "Get in the car!" I hollered watching the woods directly in front of him. I couldn't see anything but the scent wafting through the air told me whatever they were, they weren't human and he was out numbered. "Bite me bloodsucker! I can take care of myself." He snarled turning so that he could keep both directions in his line of sight. "Get in the damn car you're out numbered." I hissed snarling toward the trees as one of what I realized were vampires after all, suddenly bolted forward. "Newborns, I hate newborns!" He turned as the approaching newborn slammed into him. There was a momentary gnashing of teeth as he caught the vampire and lifted it forward and over his head. It landed with a deafening thud atop the car and rolled across and down onto the pavement. Another newborn followed and this time the impact sent Jake backward into the now open car door. I gave a loud hissing sigh—my patience had been tested beyond the safety level. "Hang on!" I pushed the accelerator all the way to the floor, sending the car skidding and fish-tailing on the steaming pavement. "You sorry excuse…" He started shoving my hand away as I reached to grab his shoulder to keep him from being thrown back onto the pavement as the car lunged forward. The forward momentum slammed the door shut leaving Jake and I trapped, for the time being, in tight quarters. "What the hell brought you here and where's Bella?" He growled clutching his side. "One of Alice's visions. Don't get all excited, Bella's safe with the others." He turned a blazing glare on me. "Monitoring us now, are you afraid that we might come hunting you?" His snarling voice broke toward the end—a rarity for any member of the canine family, including werewolves. I hissed, my own hard glare coming to focus on him briefly before returning to the road ahead. A rude comment formed on my lips but before I could respond to his acidity a sweet voice filled my thoughts. ' Edward, be nice to Jake. I don't want either of you hurt please.' Bella's soft pleading made me snap my jaws closed. ' Fine ,' I consented, my irritation with Jake boiling over into my thoughts. ' Tell me again what it is you like about Jake, besides the fact that he managed to keep you from death while I was away?' Of course, there was no answer to my question either because the answer was plainly obvious or she just wasn't listening. "I'm surprised you didn't get out and make friends, I mean after all they are bloodsuckers!" I growled low under my breath, "Not my type," I muttered hoping the warning snarl would shut him up. "Whatever!" He turned his attention to the trees as they whirled past his window. It wasn't until we closed in on the house that he turned his attention back to me. "If those bloodsuckers weren't the extended family from your little band, and you're not acquainted with them…" he paused as the crunching of tires upon the driveway distracted him, "then who are they?" "We'll figure it out," I answered wishing I had one better to give him as I pulled the car to a stop in front of the house. "First, you're getting checked out by Carlisle and after the interrogation from the others, we'll work on an answer for your question." "Edward gees," Bella rushed toward me as I allowed Emmett and Jasper to help Jake into the house. "Why didn't you tell me he was hurt?" "Didn't seem important at the time," I answered taking her into my arms and running my hand over the top of Renesmee's head. "You my dear are not the only one of importance here, Jake's important too." The sound of Esme clearing her throat put a damper on what was going to be a soft scolding of my sudden lack-luster opinion of Jake. We both turned. "Edward, come into the kitchen please," Esme's voice was stern but harbored no anger only concern. I took Bella's hand and we followed her into the kitchen. "So what exactly happened out there…besides the werewolf getting injured?" Alice asked from her place in Jasper's lap. "Newborns happened. When you add that to the fact that Jake's personality goes beyond stubborn…" "Edward Anthony Cullen, not funny," Bella scolded giving me a firm elbow to the ribcage, "Seriously, be nice to Jake." I rolled my eyes and merely snarled at her before turning my attention back to both Alice and Esme. "I'm not sure how many there were but the ones that Jake dealt with before I forced him into the car were young…not over two months old." "Newborns hmm, so who created them then?" Rose's rather snide sounding question interrupted the flow of the conversation enough to get everyone's undivided attention. "If we knew the answer to that question then I don't think this conversation would be necessary." I snapped turning a cold glare in the direction of the doorway where Rose was standing. "There are many questions that need answering. Edward, you and Rose stop your bickering there will be plenty of time for fighting." Carlisle's stern warning preceded him into the kitchen. "Carlisle, is Jake okay?" Bella's sudden persistent concern for Jake was beginning to grate on my last nerve even though I knew that she had a valid reason. "Bella, Jake is resting comfortably. His wounds are no longer life-threatening but he will need to rest for a few days in order for them to heal properly." Carlisle answered. "It will give us time to figure out the origin of those newborns and the reason for their presence." "Why is it I'm getting a bad feeling about this," Bella mumbled pulling herself closer to me. "At least with you it's only a feeling," Alice insisted massaging her temples. "The Volturi show up here and Caius will be getting his ass kicked," Emmett's comment and obvious enthusiasm for a fight managed to get everyone snickering, even Carlisle. "The Volturi have no reason to be creating a bunch of rogues and even if they did why would they send them here?" Rose sniped haughtily. "Because they are the Volturi and there is no method to their obvious madness, duh!" Esme shook her head at me and even though I knew I was bordering on trouble, I didn't really care. Rose had been acting blonde since I had returned and it was beginning to get very old. "Edward, can you and Rose at least try to get along?" "Only in your dreams," Rose rolled her eyes and pointed one red painted dagger at me, "Stinking dogs," She hissed as she shoved past everyone. "Jake and the pack have nothing to do with this Rose!" Bella retorted watching her as she exited the kitchen. She turned to me, her eyes giving away her internal thoughts and feelings. "What's her problem…besides the obvious?" I shrugged and merely rolled my eyes, Emmett, on the other hand, just shivered. Bella let out a heavy sigh, "Never mind, that answers my question." "There didn't have to be an answer, you know," Alice muttered with a cringe. She covered her face then and tapped her forehead with her hand, "Bad mental picture, really, really bad." She peeked through her hands at Bella, "Thanks." "Welcome, so…about those newborns?" That was one of the qualities that I loved about my wife, she could always find a way to change the subject. "Did Jake say anything, Edward that might give us some clue as to where to begin?" Carlisle questioned his tone reiterating the fact that the situation harbored much danger. "Other than blaming us for the presence of those newborns, no not really," I answered looking down at Bella's face. Her expression was one of confusion. "Jake is suspicious, he thinks we've broken the treaty." "That damn treaty has been more trouble than it's been worth. I'd like to rip the head off of whoever came up with the lame idea in the first place." The comment had been the first words Jasper had spoken since the conversation had started; in fact I hadn't even noticed his presence until now. "It served its purpose and now it's just an old excuse for the faint of heart." Esme added rather coldly. She looked over at Carlisle with understanding for she could see the pain and obvious fury deep in his eyes even if no one else was aware of it. "The treaty must continue to be observed no matter what our thoughts about its creation are," Carlisle insisted his voice cold and haunted by some unseen memory. He was about to make a comment when Alice cleared her throat. "I smell dog," she muttered pinching her nose in response to the musty scent now wafting through the house. "The pack is here, they've probably gotten wind of Jake's injuries." Jasper answered the question that was about to form on Alice's lips. "Bella…" My words were drowned out by the chorus of howling that now emanated from the front yard. I turned only to see her dart from the kitchen, "Wait, and let me come with you." "Edward," Carlisle's hand firm against my shoulder briefly stopped my retreat from the kitchen, "Be civil. Bridges are a difficult thing to rebuild and we may need them before this is over." Our gazes met and locked briefly, his firm and fatherly, mine filled with ice and bit of irritation left over from Jake's searing comments. He