Black "Sam, whoa wait," Emily cajoled as he leveled the barrel of the pistol at Jake. "That's Jake," She insisted reaching to lay her hand against his shoulder. "He's no threat to you, it's safe." She soothed watching Sam's muscles shake and his grip tighten on the pistol. It had only been the span of a couple months since he'd suffered a major blow to the head, among other serious injuries during a battle with a group of rogue newborns. After several weeks in hospital and some physical therapy, he was home but his mind was still not functioning normally and his memory of people, even those who were family was sketchy at the very best. Sam's hesitation was apparent but the confusion within his mind could only see Jake as a threat. His aim wavered, his body shaking with fear. He pulled the hammer back. "I…I don't know you…" His voice cracked and faded into the noise of discharging firearm. "Sam, don't!" Jake's voice broke over the ringing of the gun and Emily's frightened scream. He collapsed his hand immediately going to his shoulder as the bullet entered his flesh from close range, "I'm not..." She gasped, her half shocked, half frightened voice barely managing to leave her lips as she rushed to Jake's side. Her hands immediately moved to catch him before he could fully collapse and instead eased him into a horizontal position in the middle of her living room floor. She turned her gaze back to Sam who had dropped the pistol and sank to his knees still overwhelmed with terrified shivering. "You leave that gun right there, Sam, you hear me. Just…please… I have to tend to Jake…you…we have to find you some help…" "Emily, I…" Jake's voice faded and he clutched his shoulder, his own blood oozing from under his hands to stain his shirt. "I…call…" "Shh, be still." She ordered pulling the apron she'd placed over her jeans earlier when she had baked cookies. She folded it and carefully shifted Jake's hands long enough to place the pad of cloth beneath them and against the wound. Her hands shook as she reached into the pocket of her jeans for her cell phone and hit the emergency call button, knowing that the call would go directly to Carlisle and if there was no answer it would redial for Edward. It rang several times before finally there came an answer. The instant his voice came over the receiver, she realized that the emergency dial had not reached Carlisle but Edward. "Emily, it's not like you to call unless there's a problem," He insisted not necessarily picking up her thoughts but more the fact that a call from her was unusual in and of itself. He immediately keyed on her hesitation just from the distressed tempo of her breath over the phone. "What's wrong?" "Edward, there's been an accident," Her words jumbled forward as she continued to try and keep Jake alert and somewhat calm. She shifted her position so that she could also keep a watch on Sam who was now holding his head in obvious confused regret. "It's Jake," Her voice cracked as the emotion flooded to the surface. "Sam, he didn't know who he…I tried to stop him but…but he shot Jake." The last was merely a whisper as she waited for what she knew would be a barrage of questions layered with concern. Edward paused in stunned silence. He'd never known a time, even when Sam and Jake were at odds, that Sam would maliciously attack Jake, but he also knew that Sam's mental state had not been right since the trauma to his head. "Emily, I need you to focus. Give me details as to the location of the wound and Jake's current status?" He put his Bluetooth on his ear and pressed the button to activate the hands free before quickly beginning to gather materials for the medical case. "Left shoulder, just above dead center," Emily answered, the fear for Jake's life and Sam's condition very apparent in her voice. "He's alert but I don't know…I…he's shaking and sweaty and…" Her emotion overrode her voice as she kept her hand against Jake's neck to monitor his pulse like Carlisle had trained all members of the pack to do when there was a serious injury, "And growing a-a…bit pale." "Okay, just take a breath and calm down," He assured finishing the task of packing the medical case just as Carlisle entered the room. "Keep pressure against the wound. Carlisle and I are on our way. Have someone let the pack know that we will be crossing the border. Just keep Jake still and as alert as possible." He assured giving her final encouragement before severing the call and giving Carlisle the details of the situation. "It would seem that Sam's mental condition has not improved much since the injury," Carlisle admitted as he picked up his black bag and they left the house for Emily's. "I brought some medication for Sam as I am afraid that our presence may only serve to further stress him." "Emily was already an emotional wreck having to care for Sam more or less around the clock," Edward admitted as he sped down the back roads of La Push, roads that would lead them on the quickest route to Emily's home. "This incident isn't going to help her nerves. One of us should let Charlie know what has happened after we get a better handle on Jake's injury and condition just to keep this from blowing itself out of proportion when the rest of Jake's pack and Billy find out." "I will take care of that once the situation has been diffused and Jake's condition is stable." "Please, Jake just hang on," Emily encouraged, tears streaming from her cheeks as she watched him and kept track of his pulse, knowing that he was gradually growing weaker. "You have to stay awake, Edward and Carlisle are on their way. You're going to be okay, just…" Her voice hitched and the last of her words were overtaken by the slamming of the screen door and the sound of Paul and Embry's voices echoing down the foyer. "Trying…" Jake's voice barely made a scratchy whisper in response to her nervous insistence. "Just really…tired." He mumbled, the words slurred slightly as he fought to remain conscious even though he knew he was gradually losing the battle. "Shh, don't talk, just focus on staying alert." She soothed blotting the beads of sweat from his forehead with the bottom of her shirt. Panic coursed like lightning through her body as the footsteps from the foyer came to an abrupt halt putting a still unfolding situation in the spotlight. "Jake, do you want us to…" Embry's question died before it could even form and the tension within the room grew astronomically. "What the hell happened?!" Paul's voice reverberated against the walls as his gaze surveyed the room, landing first upon the pistol on the floor near where Sam was still sitting, and then shifting to Sam. "What the fuck…?! Why, what is your malfunction?" "Paul…" Jake had weakened to the point that his voice was unable to rise above the den enough to catch Paul's attention as he interrogated Sam. "It's…he…" "Please, shut up! Please…Paul…it's not what you think…just...he didn't recognize, he didn't…" She pleaded, her voice rising with each word, tears now flowing freely to leave ruddy streaks beneath her eyes and inflame her cheeks. "Don't demand me Emily, I'll handle this!" Paul picked up the pistol from the floor. He gripped the stock, his hand running along the trigger as he eyed Sam, his expression cold and raked with angered confusion. "I want to know what your fucking problem is! Head injury or not, your shit is getting real old real fast." He pressed moving to take hold of the collar of Sam's shirt and yank him up from where he'd been sitting. "I ought to put a bullet in you right here, right now, think it might fix your malfunction." "Paul, enough!" Embry spun his pack-mate away from Sam, "Didn't you hear Emily? It's not what it seems." He took hold of Paul's hand and pushed the barrel of the gun upward in an attempt to prevent another accident from happening if one of them should accidentally pull back on the trigger. "You need to chill, put a lid on that beastly temper of yours." A battle of strength and attrition began as he struggled with Embry over possession of the gun. "Maybe it's time that Sam gets a taste of his own medicine," He ground through clenched teeth as he tried to pull the pistol away and turn its barrel toward Sam. "Maybe it will solve whatever mental issue he supposedly suffers from now." "But it won't solve the problem…only create another…"Embry hissed his voice straining as he forced the barrel of the pistol toward the ceiling and disrupted Paul's grip. "Stop, this isn't helping, can't you see, you…" BANG! The sound crawled along the walls, drowning out the argument and covering it in the shattering of glass from the overhead light and the sound of Emily's terrified scream. She laid over Jake, shielding him from falling debris, her tears dampening his shirt ever so slightly before she raised up again. "Dammit Paul!" Embry hissed wrenching the pistol free and immediately emptying the remaining bullets from the chamber. He clicked over the safety and wiped the blood from his forehead; the gash coming as collateral damage from the shattering of the overhead light and falling debris from the fan. "Chill the fuck out!" He pushed him down onto the nearby sofa opposite of where Sam had retaken his seat. "Screw you, I'm not the one who needs the attitude adjustment, it's him." Paul sniped pointing and glaring at Sam. "A bullet would've done him good." "Please guys…please just…" "Paul, I said…" Noise at the door and hurried footsteps once more in the foyer halted the brewing storm. The sound provided a welcome respite and a glimmer of hope for a positive resolution to the current building tragedy… "To injure Sam would not have helped the situation. It would only have made this current issue much worse down the road." Edward's voice put a permanent halt to what would have continued to be nothing more than a heated argument, the stress of which was not helping anyone, especially Jake. He moved to tend to Sam as Carlisle knelt to begin assessing Jake's condition and providing stabilizing field treatment until they could get him back to the house and into the medical center. "I swear Sam didn't realize, I mean he didn't…is Jake going to be okay?" Emily spluttered wringing her hands together as Carlisle pulled a portable oxygen canister from the medical case and placed the mask over Jake's mouth and nose. "He's going to be fine, Emily." His tone remained the cool, calm, collected presence that his medical training provided him as he quickly began assessment of the gunshot wound and the probable internal damage that had been done by the bullet. He paused only briefly putting a hand against Jake's neck to check his pulse. "Easy Jake, you're in no danger, just relax." "Pain…so tired…" The harsh pinch of the needle as Carlisle started an IV barely registered over the fiery pain radiating from the wound itself. "I…" His voice broke and his consciousness waned as the effects of shock and blood loss coupled with the introduction of IV fluids and medication to ease his discomfort temporarily overcame him. "Paul," Carlisle called as he shifted the portable stretcher that he had brought in from the SUV into position. "Come help me get him onto the stretcher so that I can finish assessing his condition." Carlisle ordered, his gaze lifting to survey the room as he removed other necessary items from the medical case. "Embry, why don't you take