This is the second part of my series named 'Dance with the Devil'. The first part is called 'The Deceptive Waltz'. In order to understand everything in this story you will want to start there before going forward. For those that are just interested in this section of the series, here is a summary of the first part : Tom Riddle from another universe came into canon end of Harry's second year. Dumbledore has known about him, and has helped him hide since then. Year five, Dumbledore asked Riddle to teach Transfigurations class while McGonagall did work for the Order. Harry found out who he was, but through a lot of meetings, and Riddle's assistance at the battle at the Ministry, Harry trusts him. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Snape are the only people who know who Riddle is, who is under the guise of 'Magnus R. Thomason', a Wandless Wizard (Since his wand is infamous, he does not display it, pretending to not need it). Dumbledore and Sirius died at the Ministry at the end of year Five. Riddle, through his over-protective nature, has requested to be legal guardian of Harry, which Harry agreed to… there was a lot of trust building in the first series… like Riddle torturing Umbridge and wiping her memory of it so she wouldn't put Harry in detention anymore… it wasn't as bad as that sounded… sort of… and our story picks up one week after Harry returns to his Aunt's house, awaiting Riddle to finalize the paperwork to make him Guardian of Harry Potter. Also, assume unless stated above, everything that happened in book five canon happened in my story. I will endeavor to keep those who want to start here in the loop, but feel free to ask questions. I will answer them as soon as possible. Thank you for the 22K+ people who viewed my original posting of The Deceptive Waltz on ! Every one of you are totally awesome. The Unbroken Threads Chapter One Number Four Privet Drive Privet Drive was quiet as usual on a warm summer's day, like every summer before it. Harry was stuck inside, flipping through several issues of The Daily Prophet , while Hedwig, his snowy owl slept in her cage. Harry read numerous articles, almost tearing a section off as he turned the page, pinching his lips. The reports of attacks were increasing every day in the Wizarding World, and when Harry had the rare opportunity to sit out under the window in the garden, he could hear his Uncle Vernon watching the news. Like the year before, Harry spent this one glued to every bit of news he could find while awaiting his time. Dumbledore and Sirius had died in the Ministry fight at the end of his fifth year, causing an enormous uproar in the community. Well, Dumbledore's death had, but Harry was just as shaken by the death of his Godfather. Harry worried that Hogwarts might close, and every time he saw another article that mentioned Dumbledore being dead with no firm replacement for the school, it made him want to rip the paper to shreds. On one hand, Harry could understand the trouble of finding a Headmaster or Headmistress of Hogwarts now, with Voldemort back at full power. It was reasonable that any witch or wizard would hesitate to put themselves forward to protect an entire school from harm, but they wouldn't be alone. When Harry had spoken to Dumbledore's Portrait, he had said the Order of the Phoenix would be protecting the school and Riddle had said he would, even if he wasn't allowed back. Fudge had purposed having a group of Aurors on Hogwarts grounds the whole year while students were there, but Harry doubted they would be able to do much against Voldemort. Harry closed his eyes, mentally counting down the days in his head since he arrived back at his Aunt and Uncle's house. Today makes a full week he had been wallowing at Privet Drive, though with the slow days, it's felt a whole lot longer. Harry had been itching to do something. Every attack in the paper only made his resolve stronger. He wanted to take this year to fight against Voldemort, but he worried about his under-aged status. His wand would still be watched by the Ministry until he turned seventeen, and if the Dark Lord was as powerful as Harry thought, he would be able to track Harry through the Ministry's protections. The only thing that gave him hope was he knew he had Tom Riddle on his side. He had to admit when he first heard Tom's tale of travelling from another universe, Harry didn't quite believe him. After being around him for a year, and seeing his fight Bellatrix without a wand in the Ministry just a few weeks ago, convinced Harry. Ron and Hermione also knew, and them believing the story made Harry feel more secure in decision. The only thing that still bothered Harry was finding out what Riddle did to Umbridge. He had a very good idea, but now that Harry had some time to think on it, he wasn't so sure it was the best way to handle her. The sun was setting and Harry moved to close the curtains to block out the light, when he glanced down to see a figure walking down the road. Harry paused, and parted the curtains a little more to watch. It wasn't that unusual to see some people walking down the road, especially at this time of the day, but Harry was sure none of them looked like this. The man had broad shoulders, tall and lithe with a suit that looked like it came out of the 1940's complete with a fedora. As though the figure knew he was being watched, he turned his head up towards the second story window, and his eyes found Harry in the window. Harry grinned at the dark-haired man who approached the front door of the house. Harry didn't bother pulling the curtains, and left the room, thundering down the stairs as he went. Petunia practically screeched at him for it, but Harry didn't care, as he pulled open the front door just as the bell rang. Standing in a two-piece navy blue suit with white chalk strips, that was clearly tailored for the handsome man wearing it, was Tom Riddle. His blue eyes were slightly widened in surprise, his hands still raised at the buzzer, but a smile slowly warmed on his face at the sight of Harry. "Hello, Mr. Potter," said Tom in his silky voice. Before Harry could even respond, Uncle Vernon had muscled his way into the entry way, muttering angrily under his breath, pushing Harry aside to see who was at the door. His great stature almost squishing Harry into the wall in order to let him through. "We don't want anything you're selling," Vernon said, making a grab for the door. "He's not here to sell anything," Harry snapped, his foot blocking the door from being shut, trying to get around his large Uncle. "He's Tom Riddle, and he's a teacher at my school." The color drained from Vernon's face, and Petunia, who Harry didn't even know was coming up the hall, had hissed between her teeth. Vernon stood stalk still in the doorway for a moment, looking Riddle up and down with a furrowed brow, as though wondering why someone who looked so normal would ever be caught up in 'all that magic non-sense'. Aunt Petunia braced herself up against the wall, as though the shock of seeing a wizard was too much for her sensibilities. "May I come in?" asked Riddle, tilting his chin up, with a polite smile on his face. "No!" Vernon shouted, coming back to his sense, his face already growing red. He stuck his thick finger, wagging it near Riddle. "We already got one, we don't need a second." "Vernon, the neighbors," whispered Petunia, already craning her neck to see past her husband to check if anyone was paying attention. Harry doubted it as only Petunia was that nosy. Harry moved his foot, now barely keeping his spot by the entry way with his Aunt and Uncle now crammed into it. "I assure you, I'm perfectly capable of being… normal … during a brief chat I must have with you, and Mrs. Dursley, especially," said Riddle, bowing his head ever so slightly, and sweeping the fedora off his head. Harry thought Riddle was trying to look dashing, and felt he may have pulled it off. He also wanted to tell Riddle he was wasting his time on the Durselys as they weren't worth the effort. As though to prove Harry correct, Vernon's mustache twitched, like he wanted to say something nasty but was debating on if he could attack Riddle first before Riddle could pull out a wand. His eyes darting to Riddle's hands, which were clutching at his fedora. "He can do wandless magic and he's probably the most powerful wizard in the world, you should just let him," said Harry, then released a sigh. "I thought the old man, what's he called, what's his name—Rumbly—Bumble—or something other—was the most powerful of your lot," asked Vernon, his beady eyes looking between Harry and Riddle, but at least he wasn't shouting anymore. "He was," Harry all but whispered. "Let him in, Vernon! We don't need people talking," Petunia reasoned, wringing her apron. She turned on her heel back into the kitchen area, probably to try to convince herself this wasn't happening. Vernon's eyes narrowed at Riddle, but he pushed Harry down the hall and moved aside. Harry glared at his Uncle, before waving Riddle in, who stepped into the house looking far too expensive to be stood in the entry way to number four Privet Drive. Vernon seemed to think so too, as he shut the door behind Riddle, eyeing the suit, which even Harry could tell was very nice, even if it looked like something out of an old movie. "I see you can dress like us," Vernon said, still blocking Riddle from going any further into the house with his sheer bulk. "But I don't want any funny business in this household." "I was raised like a Muggle until my mother passed away," Riddle said evenly, looking around the house with a blank look on his face. Before Vernon could say anything, "I'm quite adept at both magical and non-magical living, having a fortune for both certainly helps." "You're rich?" asked Vernon, now observing Riddle with a conflicted expression. There were very few things Vernon loved more than being absolutely normal, and having money was one of them. Harry could practically see the thoughts swirling in his Uncle's head, wondering if Riddle would be someone to get to know for the sake of the money, versus what Vernon considered 'delinquent behavior' with all that 'wand waving non-sense'. "Oh, yes, quite rich," said Riddle, absently as he finished looking over the entryway. He practically shouldered past a stunned Vernon. "This way to the kitchen I presume?" and without waiting for a reply, went into the kitchen where Aunt Petunia had just about finished preparing for dinner. Vernon looked over at Harry, who pretended not to know what the raised eyebrows were for. Harry honestly didn't know if Riddle was rich or not, but he certainly wasn't going to tell Vernon anything about it either way. He followed Riddle into the kitchen just as Dudley came in the back door of the house, and paused when he saw a stranger sitting at the table. "Who are you?" Dudley asked rudely, as Petunia all but flew to his side. She wrapped an arm around Dudley, smoothing his limp blonde hair with her hand. "We've got company from Harry's school here, so why don't you go upstairs, and I'll call you down when everything's finish?" she asked in a sweet voice that