A/N: I had originally intended for this to be a sequel, but thought I could rework it as an epilogue. Of course, it totally tanked as an epi-it was way too long and was obscuring the original story, so I pulled it to repost in-line with my original idea. Apparently by doing this I have upset a few people, so I would like to give a shout-out to those few half baked imbeciles who decided to anonymously review and PM me, calling me a review whore (anyone who knows me knows I NEVER pimp my shit, and that I'm long past caring about reviews or traffic etc.) and that I should die. Well, I'm not dying-sorry to disappoint-so go fuck yourself. I'm alive and kicking. Can someone please explain to me why people have to be such assholes...? Ugh... Anywho, I hope this translates better as a sequel than it did an epilogue, and I hope you all enjoy. Also, a head's up. This chapter contains sensitive material. Because of You Chapter 1 Bella's POV On Christmas Eve 2014, my mother, Renee Dwyer, died. While driving under the influence she hit a telegraph pole travelling over 150 kilometres an hour. Her blood alcohol level was four times over the legal Australian limit. She died instantly. I was 19. The General didn't tell me until a week later—not wanting to spoil my Christmas, he said. He was home for a week over the holiday and decided to tell me just before he left and before I left with Edward, Alice and Jazz for the week to the Sol Duc Hot Springs Resort in Port Angeles. I had no idea how to feel. Literally. The moment he told me I froze, and for a moment I felt as if my heart was being clenched, but it all too quickly passed before I turned ... impassive. I told myself I was experiencing projections of grief for the mother I had always dreamed Renee was; a fantasy I'd constructed as a way to endure the emotional damage of my childhood. At least, until the brutal truth of reality—of who Renee really was—again intervened. But still, it almost took the breath out of me. "You're going to have to return to Australia to sort out her estate, Isabella," my father explained sedately to me, buttoning up my jacket, as I stood in the doorway trembling uncontrollably during our farewell. "She left everything to you..." "She ... she did?" I asked, my voice almost failing. For a moment I was stunned, before I focused my attention on the implications of my father's words. I quickly became cynical. Everything , I wanted to scoff. My mother owned a rundown farm, on 25 acres of land inherited from her parents. That everything would be a constant reminder of the pain I'd suffered throughout the majority of my life. Now it was mine. And I had to go back again. "She did," my father echoed me, reiterating the fact, before he bent down and planted a tight-lipped kiss on my cheek. "Look after yourself. Keep up your studies—make me proud." And with a semi-warm smile, The General placed his palm momentarily on the top of my head, before he turned and walked down the path to the waiting Taxi. I waited on the doorstep in the freezing cold, and watched my father leave, before turning and robotically trudging upstairs to my room to retrieve my packed bag. My heart was hammering, and I wasn't sure whether it was over the usual heartache I felt over my father leaving or because of my mother's death. Or because I was pregnant. My IPhone buzzed. I retrieved it from my bedside table; it was Edward. Be there in 5, babe. Mechanically my finger pressed over the screened keyboard in reply: K After Kel's funeral, when we were back in Forks, Edward and I went through twelve rocky months before things began to really calm between us. In all retrospect it should have been the end of us, but with me and him it was never that simple—never that black and white. We fought all the time—passionately, heatedly—screaming at each other—face to face, over the phone, through Alice, Jazz, Jake; whoever was there. It was never pretty—and had become notorious. I'd tell Edward how much I hated him; how much I wished I'd never met him. He'd tell me getting emotionally invested in me was the worst fucking mistake of his life, and he wished he could just go back to fucking mindless girls—and that was the PG version. I'd throw something at him, or shove him—or both, and not speak to him for a week. Edward would then hound me to no end, yelling out to me in the middle of the night below my bedroom window, or climbing through it—almost falling and breaking his neck several times. I would always forgive him—how could I not? This connection of ours was far too strong to break that easily, and he always knew exactly what to say to get me to come around. And I loved him as much as I always did; with the same intensity and emotional charge. We'd apologise to each other profusely, cry, kiss, have repeated make-up sex, swear our undying love, have more sex, and everything would be fine—for a month, at least. Then my high strung boyfriend would provoke my neurotic anal retentiveness, we'd both overreact, then there'd be another ridiculously huge blowout, and the ritual would begin all over again. It wasn't until we graduated that our relationship started growing a solid foundation. I also think the fact that we didn't see so much of each other made a huge difference. Once we both had some real direction in our lives, things were different. At least, when Edward had direction, because I had no idea what I wanted to do with myself. Apart of me still felt as lost as I did on my first day in Forks—I still had no idea who I really was without the history of my past. But with Edward more at ease, so was my reaction to him. Edward was still essentially Edward, though; bad tempered, acts before he thinks, gets completely controlled by his emotions, Edward. And I was still ... well ... me. Edward started at South Seattle Community College this past September to get his EMT-B certificate, and during the summer after graduation Carlisle got him a job working with paramedics, while he was getting certified in CPR. At the same time, Alice and I were accepted at Seattle University. I decided on Business Economics, for no other reason than it seemed like it could actually lead to a real job at the end—and my father was paying for it. Alice was doing Nursing—making Carlisle very proud, having successfully encouraged two of his three step kids into the field of health care. During the summer, while Edward was working in Port Angeles, Uncle Billy got me a Job in the station as a receptionist. Edward and I barely saw each other. We'd spend the weekends together, of course, and a couple of nights during the week Edward would come and pick me up, before we'd drive to our secluded place in the woods and have sex. Then, when I started at College the General paid for a small, shoebox of a one bedroom apartment for me—with the explicit instructions that that boy —meaning Edward—didn't live there with me. He stayed with me anyway—for half the time, at least. The other half he stayed with Alice and Jazz on the sofa; which drove him crazy—and extinguished most of his sex drive; his words, not mine. But things had been working out pretty well, we weren't fighting any more, and for the first time in a long time I started to think that we really did have a shot at it. Then that morning happened, six days ago. I found myself staring down at a little plastic stick with two bright pink lines across it, in the growing midst of a massive anxiety attack. I have no idea how it happened—apart from the obvious, of course. I had never missed a pill—I hadn't gotten sick to cause a missed pill—I was always cautious to the point of being militant on birth control. But it still happened, and I was convinced it'd be the end of us. I was nowhere near ready, and Edward … I had absolutely no idea how he'd handle it. He was still as impulsive and unpredictable as he ever was, and I couldn't imagine he'd take it well. And I was repeating the cycle; a legacy of my mother's I swore I never would. That fateful morning was two days before Christmas, and now that I thought about it, with Australia being almost a full day ahead of the U.S, I found out the day my mother was killed. Edward still doesn't know, but it's not as if he didn't pick up immediately that something very wrong was happening with me. Strangely, and uncharacteristically, he didn't bug me over it. Usually he wouldn't leave me alone until I told him whatever was bothering me, but not this time. He'd just glance at me with a troubled expression growing across his face, but remained quiet. It was if he was pretending along with me that everything was fine; or maybe he sensed how huge it was and was protecting himself behind denial. Whatever the reason I'd decided I was going to tell him during our break. Hauling my bag off my bed, I carried it downstairs and dropped it at the front door, before turning back to the living room. Jake was playing Xbox with Leah on the couch, as they heckled and elbowed each other through it. I'd actually worried a lot about Jake and Leah. I thought initially Leah was Jake's transition from Nessie, but as it turned out she was the best thing to happen to him. They were so alike, they never fought—ever, and Uncle Billy was so overjoyed to have Leah and Jake together that he often went off on his fishing trips with the two of them housesitting alone together. That never happened when he was with Nessie. "I'm off, guys!" I called to them, over the ruckus of their game. It was the last chance I'd get to say goodbye; we were going back to school immediately after our trip. Jake paused the game, before immediately jumping off the couch, and grabbing me in a bear hug, hauling me off the ground. It knocked the wind out of me like it usually did. He was 6"6 now, and still had no idea of his own strength. "Seeya, Bells!" he exclaimed with his usual cheerful enthusiasm, before smashing a sloppy kiss on my cheek. "Bye, cuz," I mumbled, my tone turning more soft and affected than I had intended. Jake held me at arm's length, and gauged me for a moment. "You OK, Bells? You've been pretty weepy the last few days." I guess I officially sucked at pretences. "Yeah ... I'm just tired—I guess I'm still getting used to my school schedule," I mumbled, shrugging and breaking contact from the concerned warmth reflecting in his eyes. Jake didn't look convinced, but he accepted it none the less, before Leah suddenly yanked me into her embrace. "Catch ya soon, Bells, yeah." "See ya, Leah. Look after him for me." "Will do," she replied winking, and making me break into a reluctant grin. You couldn't help but smile around the two of them; their energy was contagious. By the time, I'd said my goodbyes to Uncle Billy, Edward's midnight blue Volvo was already sitting in front of the house. Slinging my bag over my shoulder, I closed the door behind me, immediately going rigid in the cold, as Edward made his way up the path towards me. His face was pale