This was an idea given by my BFF Tasha a.k.a ThatWeirdGreekyLatino...Review! AND THIS DOCUMENT WAS IN MY DOC MANAGER FOR TWO FREAKING YEARS For those who don't know,long story short,Penny Jackson is my OC...don't you dare steal her without my permission...she's Percy's twin,she's immortal,she's Lord Apollo's girlfriend (PENOLLO)..for more info check out my other stories and my profile..blah blah... [NO ONE'S POV] "Penny Penny!" Lou Ellen and Will Solace from Hecate and Apollo cabin ran over to her,panting hard. The Daughter of Poseidon turned,her green eyes wide. "What-What's wrong?" she asked,turning away from Jason,Piper,Percy,Annabeth and Leo,with whom she was talking with. Will put his hands on his knees and took huge breaths of air. "Whoa dude chill" Percy said. "The only person I've seen someone this crazy to see Penny is Apollo." Penny nudged him in the ribs. Lou stood straight,her forehead beaded with sweat. "I-I found out how to actually change the mist,rather than hiding things in in!" she exclaimed. Everyone blinked at her curiously. "What?" Jason asked,clearly confused. Loue took out a book from the bag she was wearing on her shoulder. "Usually we change the mist and bend it so that people see what they want to see right?" Lou said,excited "Well I found a way to change the mist permanently. " "I-I don't really get you..." Penny's voice trailed off. Lou opened her book and smiled at the twins. "For example,I can make you two have separate birthdays" she explained. "Percy's would be on August fifteenth,while yours would be on August sixteenth." "You can actually do that?" Percy asked with wide eyes. Lou grinned widely. "I'll show you!" she said,then cleared her throat and regarded her book. "Um.. Krogarius Kori- ACHOO!" She sneezed loudly,dropping her book. A magic orb like thing shot out from the pages and hit all six of the demigods,toppling them down on the sand. "I'm sorry!" Lou exclaimed "I sneezed! Wait,I'll just-" suddenly she stopped,and Will's jaw dropped open. Instead of six demigods [sixteen year olds] lying on the grass,Will and Lou were staring at six five year old kids. "Oooooh no" Will squeaked. Lou dropped her huge book right on Will's foot. "Ouch!" he exclaimed,hopping on one foot painfully. "Holy Apollo!" "Yes?" a voice answered from behind him. Lou turned and Will hopped around,to see someone who wasn't from camp. He wore a white sleeveless T-shirt and jeans,with two silver chains each of different sizes dangling from his neck,and a thick silver bracelet around his wrist. He had sandy blond hair and outdursy good looks,and wore a pair of shades covering his eyes. "Oh uh...Lord Apollo.." Lou said,managing a weak smile. "What a pleasant surprise..." she looked at Will hopefully,who had stopped hopping and was staring at his father in awe. "Why it's a pleasure to see you too" said Apollo,flashing a blinding white smile which made her blush "But I'm here for Penny Jackson. Olympus duty and all that." "Oh...well.." Lou giggled nervously. "About Penny..." "What happened?" Apollo's smile disappeared. "What happened to my girlfriend?" "Well..." Will scratched the back of his neck. He gestured to what was behind him,and the Sun God's mouth dropped. By then the other campers had come out. Six toddlers were sitting on the grass,rubbing their tiny heads in confusion. Drew Tanaka squealed in delight when she saw the kids. "Awwwww they are sooo ADORBS!" Drew squealed. Will raised his hands. "Woah Drew back it up. They're just kids." He said. Lou stared at the little kids,and Apollo's jaw was wide open. "Why are you staring at us like that?" little Annabeth asked curiously,her grey eyes wide. Now Lou grinned. "Awwww even their accents are cute!" Lou giggled. Little Annabeth blinked. "Hey Percy! Wanna play tag?" Penny grinned at her brother,who grinned back. "Okay, you're it!" He laughed back. He ran around the little demigods,with Little Penny behind him,laughing and sprinting fast. "They are so cute!" A girl from the Aphrodite cabin squealed as they watched the baby twins chase each other. Suddenly little Leo stuck out his foot,smiling micheviously. Penny tripped and went sprawling in the sand. "Ouch!" She exclaimed,rubbing her knee. "That wasn't very nice!" "What has happened?" Apollo muttered. Little Penny looked up at Apollo. One second... Two seconds... Three seconds... "Why is that dude all bright and sparkly like the Sun?" She asked. Apollo blinked. "Because I am the Sun" he said. Penny blinked her wide green eyes. "Huh? "That" Apollo pointed up towards the sky. Penny frowned. "You're the son of the sky?" She asked. Will smiled. "No,he is the Sun god." Will explained. "The Son of what God?" "Zeus,the god the the sky" "So he's the son of the sky?" She asked. Will put his hand on his forehead. "I'm getting confused" he muttered in a daze. Malcolm from the Athena cabin rolled his eyes. "He's the Sun god,Will" "No he's the son of Zeus!" Drew argued back. Suuuuun!" The Apollo campers yelled. "Sooooon!" Athena cabin shouted back. Soon it was a full argument between the campers. Apollo stood in the middle of it all with the little kids. "Are we talking about the right Son?" Will yelled. Everyone stopped yelling and stared at him. "This place is for weirdos" Percy whispered loudly to Annabeth. A few campers chuckled. "Okay. So here's what happened" Apollo said raising his arms. "My girlfriend,and her friends,were turned into little toddlers. Right?" "Right" Lou said,a guilty expression on her face. "And it will wear off at midnight." "Great" Apollo grumbled. Penny looked at him with wide eyes. "Why is that dude all bright and sparkly like Sand Man?" She asked. Apollo blinked. "Who?" "Sand Man. From Jack Frost" she said plainly. Apollo suddenly looked a bit angry. "Jack Frost? The guy you had a crush on?" Penny grinned,making several campers 'aw' and smile with happiness. Apollo looked like he wanted to track down Jack Frost and burn him alive. Little Annabeth crossed her arms and did a cute little pout. "How many times should I tell you Penny,that Jack Frost isn't real!" she said,kind of acting like Annabeth as an older kid. Penny frowned. "Hey! You take that back Annie!" "Don't call me that!" "Then don't say Jack Frost is fake!" "Then I'll think Jack Frost is fake!" "Then I'll jump in your head and squash your brain!" "You can't jump in my brain you bozo!" Penny blinked stupidly. "What's a bozo?" "You're a bozo!" "Is not!" "Is too!" "Is not!" "Is too!" "Is not!" "Is too!" "Is not!" "Is too!" The other little demigods stood,mouths open,staring at the girls argue. Percy leant towards Piper and whispered in a not-so-whispering-voice, "They're ca-raaa-zy" "Okay,now both of you stop fighting! You're giving me a headache." Apollo groaned,rubbing his head. Will raised an eyebrow. "Can the God of Medicine get headaches?" Apollo opened his mouth to argue,then sighed with utter defeat. "Point son" "Sun?" Malcolm asked. Apollo facepalmed. "Just forget it please" Apollo looked like he wanted to break into a run. Suddenly Percy farted,and Piper made a face and hurried behind Apollo,clutching his leg. "H-hello" she stammered,looking up at him. He faltered a bit under the cute smile she was giving him. Suddenly Penny turned towards him,ignoring Annabeth. "I WANNA LEG RIDE TOO!" She screamed,jumping on Apollo's other foot and holding on tight. "Oh no you don't-" Will grabbed Penny and carried her away from his father's leg. "I WANT TO HOLD PENNY!" An Aphrodite girl squealed. Little Penny yelped,and she did a back flip right over the girl's head,landing perfectly on the grass. "If you don't know,Penny's been getting sword fighting lessons ever since she was born,which is saying something." Apollo explained,trying to pull a startled Piper off his leg. "I like your leg" Piper said simply,hugging his leg tight and smiling. Many campers 'aw'ed. "Uh...okaaay" Apollo stammered. Little Leo looked at Penny and stuck out his finger. "Hey Penny! Check out my booger." He said eagerly. Before Penny could react,Apollo put out his arm and pushed Penny towards him. She almost fell down walking backwards. "Oh no no no not you. Aren't you the one who keeps flirting? Well you are NOT talking to my girlfriend" he said,his eyes on Little Leo Valdez. "Can I have some candy?" Percy asked stupidly. Penny grinned,and Apollo sighed. "I liked Penny more when she was a sixteen year old girl" he grumbled. Penny took no word of this,but was staring at his blond hair in awe. "Okay this is really really weird" Will muttered. Apollo nodded,still staring at Penny. "Hey Penny,do you wanna see my booger?" Leo asked hopefully. Penny scrunched up her nose in a cute way. "Ewwwww no!" She said. Apollo stared at little Leo Valdez,his face expressionless. "Why does that dude have yellow hair?" she asked timidly. Little Annabeth pouted and crossed her arms. "Even I have that type. But it's not yellow,it's blond." she said. Everyone stared at her speechlessly. Drew leaned towards an Athena girl. "I think she's a daughter of Athena" she whispered. The Athena camper scowled. "That's because she is a daughter of Athena" "Oh right" "Nobody asked you blondie" Penny said haughtily. Annabeth crossed her arms and stuck her tongue out at Penny,who did the same to Annabeth. "I'm hungryyyyyyy!" Percy groaned. Little Jason just sat on the grass,playing with a little flower,which everyone thought was cute. "Don't tell me you're hungry" Apollo muttered. Then he turned to Lou Ellen. "Is there anyway you can return them back to normal faster?" She shook her head. "No,that might ruin their growing lives completely. Is it uh,possible for you to try?" "The same theory. I could,but it might do damage." Apollo sighed,staring at his seven year old girlfriend,who was watching a butterfly fly above her head. She grinned stupidly (but cutely) and she began to chase it. "Oh my gods why am I getting the urge to carry Penny,dress her in a costume as minnie mouse and-OH Aphrodite please stop." Apollo groaned. The butterfly zoomed away,and Penny looked crestfallen. "It flew away" she said sadly. Apollo looked at her for a moment,then turned to the other campers. "Okay,all of you,back to your regular routines" he said. "Lou and Will,you two stay here" With a lot of shuffles and talking,soon everyone dispersed. Apollo knelt down at Penny. "You're upset cause the butterfly flew away?" he asked softly. She wiped her eyes and regarded him. "It-it doesn't like me..." "Hey" he smiled at her. "I don't think anyone could not like you" Little Penny stared at him with big eyes. "R-really?" "Yeah. It just saw it's mommy and daddy and flew away. That's all." he said. She broke into a wide grin and tackled him into a hug. He was surprised,but suddenly panicked,when Leo jumped on him and screamed, "HUG PILE!" Soon all the little kids were piled on top of the Sun god,and Lou and Will were trying to get them down. "Woah woah kiddos back it" Lou rounded them up. Will grabbed Jason and a struggling Leo. Lou managed to get Piper,Jason and Annabeth down. And Apollo grabbed Percy and Penny off of him carefully. "I'm hungryyyyyy" Percy groaned. Apollo groaned. "Sometimes I throw up" Leo said straightforwardly. Apollo looked at him with an, 'are-you-stupid expression.' "What?-okay never mind,I don't wanna know." "We have to keep these guys out of trouble till midnight." Lou gasped for breath. "Piece of cake." "This is so not gunna be good" Will muttered,watching Percy and Penny chase each other happily. "What's not gunna be good?" Jason asked,tugging on Will's shirt (SO CUTE). Will hesitated. "It's nothing Jason" Lou said,saving Will. "Will was just talking about...uh.." "About Apollo's Haikus!" Percy answered,grinning broadly. Apollo stared at him,and Will and Lou collapsed on the grass,rolling around and laughing their heads off. "Really Percy? Gods I don't even want to scold you because you look so darn cute." He sighed,shaking his head. Penny pouted at him with a slight 'Hmph!' "I'm cuter than him!" She screamed. "I think