A/N: Welcome, welcome. You are not here for a reaping, but rather, you have been granted the opportunity to read my first Hunger Games fic on this account! I've written before for other fandoms, so I have some experience, but I decided to create this brand new account and officially join the HG fandom. I expect a warm welcome; I've followed some people in this fandom for awhile, and they all seem like such wonderful people so I'm eager to be a part of it – even though the franchise is over. :/ This fic is set in present day. I've no idea why, but I imagined modern Katniss and Peeta living in Indiana even though I've only ever been there once lol. The town names are fictional. I don't know; it seemed like they'd be somewhere like Indiana. Hope it suffices. Anyway, now that you've all ignored me, enjoy! Rated M for language and explicit sex. ( Italicized headings are present day . Bold headings are past.) But this ain't a movie I know you can't come with me You got your life He better be treating you right ~ "When We Say" – AJ Rafael Rainsville, IN; Wednesday, December 23, 2015 (24 years old) Peeta sips on his beer absently as he looks out the window perched on a barstool, watching beads of rain roll down the glass. It's a Wednesday night, but the bar is packed: the TV's are on full blast, all the pool tables are occupied—it's full to the brim with people. Everyone in Indiana, he assumes, is on vacation, and they are all gathered here in one of the very few bars in the state. He isn't sure why he agreed to join his best friend Finnick when he suggested they drive all the way out here almost forty minutes away from home, but if he's being honest, he's got nothing better to do. Like usual, Finn's the life of the party, talking it up with a group of random people, intermittent but loud peals of laughter coming from their direction. Peeta preferred to just ride on the back of Finn's outgoingness. Not that he wasn't a people person. He loved going out and meeting new people, but he liked to be a little quieter about it than Finn. Suddenly, as if on cue, his best friend stumbles over to him, patting him on the shoulder with an arm slung around a girl with short, black hair. "Hey, Peeta," Finn slurs, almost sloshing beer all over Peeta's sweater. "Meet Johanna. She's a fuckin' riot, this one." He flashes a cocky, lopsided smile at him. "I told her there was this lonely jackass I was with tonight, and she said she wanted to meet ya." "Hey," Peeta smiles at the woman, holding out a hand. She takes it, shaking firmly. He tries to speak loud, over the noisy din of the bar. "I'm Peeta." "Well, your friend here already told you my name, but yeah, I'm Johanna," she says, speaking over the noise as well. "Good to meet you." He raises his beer bottle and stretches his mouth into another smile, clinking it against hers. "You, too." As he drinks, he notices the pendant slung around the girl's neck, something hanging delicately on a thin chain just above her sternum. It's the bird. With an arrow clutched in its beak. He'd recognize it anywhere. How does she have it? Greasy Sae, the old woman he bought it from, told him she made it herself – that there were no other kinds out there. He hadn't seen it in years. At least, not since her. Not since Katniss. Ø Parkersfield, IN; Thursday, February 14, 2008 (17 years old) " Happy Valentine's Day, sweetheart," Peeta says, kissing her temple as he hands Katniss a slender box wrapped in pink wrapping paper covered in a heart pattern. She laughs, "Interesting choice of wrapping paper, Peeta." He smiles and shrugs. "Hopeless romantics go all out." She shakes her head and smiles up at him, a smirk quirking up the side of her mouth. "Oh, you're hopeless, Peeta, but I don't know about the romantic part." He just laughs, tapping the gift in her hand. "Just open it, lady, sheesh." " Alright, alright," she relents, starting to peel away the wrapping paper. His leg is bouncing up and down, and he's biting his lip. He's not sure if she'll like it. When she finally opens the black box, revealing a delicate gold necklace, her expression is unreadable. Or he can't really see her face with her head tilted down. She doesn't say anything. " You were telling me the other day," he explains as she examines it. "About the bird you saw. How it almost sounded like the lullaby your dad would sing to you. You know, about the meadow." When she still doesn't answer, he begins to panic. "I, um, can return it if you want. There's—" " No, Peeta," she says, and finally she looks up at him. There are tears in her eyes. He hadn't noticed. That's why she kept looking down at it. She didn't like people seeing her cry—even him, despite his continuous reassurances that she could be the ugliest crier in the world and it wouldn't faze him. "It's beautiful. So thoughtful." She leans over and kisses him, and it's so soft and meaningful that it wends a delightful feeling through his veins. "I love you. Thank you for this." Ø He remembers the day so clearly, from the minute he woke up to when his head hit the pillow later. When he drove her home that night, they discovered the house empty, her parents away at dinner for the night and her sister Prim at a sleepover, and they'd taken advantage of the empty house, making each other fall apart again and again in her bed until they finally heard a car pull in the driveway. How did this girl have this necklace? Had Sae lied to him? He's suddenly conscious that he's staring, and he forces his eyes away from it, moving them back up to hers. "I like your necklace," he says. "Oh, thanks," she replies, a hand reaching up to touch it. "It's a—" "Bird, I know," he finishes for her. "Only one of its kind?" She tilts her head, confusion marring her features. "How did you—?" "Finn!" They all turn their heads in the direction of the man's name, and there's a guy from their group motioning them over. "Ah, shit, they're grabbing another round; let's go!" Finn exclaims, dragging Johanna with him. As they go, Peeta sits there in mildly stunned silence, still trying to wrap his head around how this random woman could possibly have Katniss's necklace. Had Sae made another one? Or did Katniss sell it at some seedy pawn shop? The possibility makes him sick. He almost wants to drive all the way to that old jewelry store to find out. Katniss Everdeen. That is a name that will torment him for years. Hell, it already has. It's been seven years since that fateful day, and he still can't shake the image of her—from his daily thoughts, dreams, and memories. How could he shake her though? She'd been so important to him. Ø Parkersfield, IN; Wednesday, August 6, 2008 " Peeta, I need to tell you something." The words stop him in his tracks. Nothing good ever comes after that statement. The sudden seriousness in her tone unnerves him, leaving him unsteady on his feet as he stiffens, as if his body is bracing for impact. Had he done something wrong? He turns to face her. " Yeah?" She doesn't meet his eyes, seemingly interested in her fingers as she fiddles with them, trying to muster up the words. Trying to tell him something she doesn't want to—something she's still having trouble accepting. Finally, she releases the breath she didn't realize she was holding. " I'm…" she sighs, looks further away from him as she turns her head, the words tiptoeing from her lips reluctantly. "I'm leaving." His brows furrow. "Uh… Okay? Then I'll see you tomorrow—" She shakes her head, interjecting, directing her gaze right at him now. " No , Peeta, I'm leaving. In about a week. For California. I'm… packing up my bags. My dad's job moved locations again." The words render him absolutely speechless. She can't be serious. He voices his mind's commentary. "You can't be serious." Her eyes flit to the floor, avoiding his gaze again. There's a sadness tinged in her features now. "I am. We're moving." Ø He'd been so overwhelmed. Just a couple words, and just like that, his life would be changing forever. It was difficult for him to absorb, let alone accept. He couldn't get any sleep that night, his mind too full with questions and no answers. It's then that Finnick bumps into him again, getting his attention and breaking his reverie. "Hey, you should come join us ov'r there," Finn reprimands him drunkenly. "We're havin' a lot of fun, man." "No, it's okay," Peeta says. "I'm good over here." "You sure?" "Absolutely." "Dammit, Peet, ya gotta live it up a little sometimes," Finn slaps him on the back a little too hard as he says this. Peeta reflexively presses his shoulder blades together at the dull pain. "Yeah, I know; you tell me all the time." "Well, it's true," Finn says. "You should be more like Johanna." He tips his glass in her general direction. "She's crazy . But I love it. They're the best people t' be around." He tips his head back, downing the rest of the beer in his glass and slamming it down on the table a bit too hard. Luckily the glass doesn't break. But Peeta's sure he was very close to doing just that. "She's got a friend," he slurs, resting an elbow on the table and raising his eyebrows at Peeta. "Name's Katniss. Weird ass name if you ask me, but she's kinda cute anyway. She's also kinda quiet. Just your type." He flashes a lopsided grin. His entire body freezes up. What? Peeta can practically feel the blood draining from his face as he looks bewilderingly at his friend. No. That can't be possible. She can't be here. She moved years ago. She left and never looked back. She— "Peet, 'r you okay?" Finn asks, concerned. Hell, even drunk, Finnick is attentive as ever. Peeta almost wants to laugh; if he hadn't heard that name he hasn't spoken in so long, he probably would have. "Yeah, yeah," Peeta begins but then shakes his head. "No… actually. Earlier, you said—Johanna's friend…" He stares hard at his friend, as if telepathically trying to seize the name from Finn's mind. "What was her name?" "Oh," he says, a question in his eyes. "Katniss?" It's her. There's only one person in the world who would have that name. Ø Parkersfield, IN; Tuesday, August 12, 2008 " So then why are you giving up on this? On us!" he yells. " I'm not giving up!" she screams back at him, but despite the ferocity in her words, he can see the moisture glistening on the surface of her grey eyes, surely beginning to mirror his own. "I don't want this! God, Peeta, this is exactly the opposite of what I want." She's pleading now, with him. "I'm sorry that these are the cards we got dealt with. But we both know it won't work. Please don't do this to me, Peeta, please . I never wanted to leave you. Or this. Us." She looks away from him as a tear finally makes its escape from her eye, landing on her cheek. "You're the best goddamn thing to happen to me in all the years I've lived here, Peeta. I'm lucky I even stayed here this long. But my life has never been stable. I was stupid to think you were