Disclaimer: The author does not have any right to the Harry Potter universe or its fantastic cast of characters. All subsequent made-up characters with relations to any member of the Harry Potter universe are also forfeit. The direct quotes of other authors are hopefully either recognizable or otherwise cited. A Note to the Readers AKA "Don't Shoot, Firing Squad!": Everybody who is currently awaiting an update on Welcome To Hogwarts 1949 is about to kill me but... I have new story that I've been working on. This is some new story turf for me (there is romance) but as always it features Slytherins and a whole labyrinth of political drama. All questions, observations or points of confusion are my delight and I'll be sure to respond to any and all in the comments section. (I live in my comments box and my full time job is clarifying my own rubbish plot holes.) Hang in there Welcome to Hogwarts readers. You know I love you all the most. That update is coming. Read, review, and enjoy. 0o0 I listened, for secret inclinations are of abiding interest to a woman. In sometimes being able to determine the secret inclinations of others, woman had her single advantage over man." -Gregory Maguire Mirror, Mirror Chapter One The Sorting 0o0 Astoria jolted upright into wakefulness, her long brown pony tail swinging to rest limply beneath her chin. Outside, a pale blue crack of alien light was gaining in intensity along the eastern horizon but that was not what had woken her. Astoria pressed both of her hands flat against the sheets and closed her eyes, willing herself to remember her dream. When her breathing began to level out, Astoria gave up and allowed herself to open her eyes and stare at the darkly paneled eaves that ran above her bed down to her bulging dresser. The twin wrought iron windows across from her were old and the glass panes were warped, but Astoria could clearly distinguish the dark forest two stories below coming into greater illumination. The woods almost looked scarier that way, Astoria mused idly, her thoughts still disconnected by sleep. The half light caught all the jagged edges of the branches and drew the eye to the places that were still shrouded in darkness. Ominous. That was the word she was searching for... Today, Astoria was going to take her sister Daphne to Diagon Alley for school shopping. The book lists and acceptance letters had arrived a week before to much excitement on Astoria's part and relief on Daphne's. Poor Daphne had always been the quiet sort and because of that fact she was often the first to be underestimated. They were both eleven, Astoria and Daphne and they both shared the last name Greengrass but in truth, they had only one parent in common. This was their father George Greengrass, a lawyer who had been married twice. His first wedding had been to Astoria's mother and then, as the war began to escalate he had married Daphne's mother. He was still married to the latter, albeit in misery. Born a mere ten months apart in the same year, the role of the eldest had always been Astoria's and as such, more was often expected of her. It would be her job to chaperone Daphne today as though she was a strong-willed and practical teenager rather than the eleven year old girl that Astoria truly was. Things had always been that way but it was hard to say exactly why. Perhaps it was because Astoria was slightly taller and looked older than eleven. Maybe it was because she was clever and had a way of disarming adults, tricking them into forgetting her age and allowing her more authority then she deserved. Either way, it had always suited the sisters just fine. Astoria was content to be cunning and stubborn and Daphne was content to follow. This year however, they would both be going away to school and every patten they had formed as children was likely to change. It was not lost on Astoria either that, for the first time, their close proximity in age might be questioned. It doesn't matter, Astoria told herself as she swung her feet out of bed and approached the window. Ignore them. Lie. The glass was cool as she leaned her face against it, her own lovely reflection shrinking to nothing. She had been dreaming about the inside of a box, Astoria suddenly remembered hazily. She had been trapped in that dream box for hours until she had finally managed to thrash her way back to wakefulness. The sun was rising now and the dew on the velvety lawn began to glimmer fickly. Astoria closed her eyes again and thought about the inside of the box. The light of day seemed to make her nightmare seem much less frightening, but the mood of a claustrophobic space still lingered on. 0o0 They were underway by nine o'clock after a hasty breakfast of oatmeal and berries. Beatrice, Astoria's vaguely negligent and and occasionally trashy stepmother must have forced their part-time house-elf to go out pick those berries from the bushes that bordered the woods before the sun was even properly risen. This house elf named Wobbles attended to the Greengrass's on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sundays but Wobbles was really on loan from Astoria's Aunt Belladonna. It was from Belladonna that Wobbles took her true orders and Belladonna that Wobbles considered to be her true, if waspish, owner. Astoria had long privately suspected that having a borrowed house-elf was somehow a wound to her Beatrice's vanity. The way that Beatrice treated Wobbles only seemed to prove her theory. Astoria ate the berries in guilty silence, trying not to think of the scratches that the elf had most likely sustained from the bushes outside. Beatrice often loudly complained about the fact that their family didn't have their own house elf, and this morning was no exception. But whether out of cheapness or laziness, (Astoria could never tell which) George had adamantly refused to hire a full time elf for years. As far as George was concerned, as long as his shirts were ironed and the piles of paperwork in his office beaten back into submission every other day, there was no need for more help. Aunt Belladonna was more than willing to share her elf, as it provided her with a spy in the Greengrass household. The arrangement worked out for everyone but Beatrice. In Beatrice's opinion, everything always did. "Make sure they pin Daphne's robes long!" Beatrice insisted as she reached for the snuff box containing floo powder on the mantelpiece. "She's due for a growth spurt any day now." Daphne was short and a little stocky, with all the appearance, even at the age of eleven, of staying that way forever but Astoria nodded obediently. It was much too early for a fight and Beatrice was wearing a bathrobe of such a shocking acid-green hue that it very nearly mesmerized Astoria into submission. "Mum, what if I don't grow and I wind up tripping all over my robes for a year?" Daphne whined sullenly. Beatrice reached up to touch the pins in her bottle-died blonde hair distractedly. "Then we will have them tailored at Christmas! You worry too much!" Astoria tried hard not to look down Beatrice's bathrobe as she cast the powder from her hand into what was left of last night's flame. Instead Astoria shook her head at Daphne who was beginning to look panicked. " We will get you the right size robes," Astoria assured her sister with her eyes. "Beatrice will never even notice." "You have the purse, Astoria?" Beatrice asked, stepping back from the hearth. Astoria made a slight motion of assent. "Good. Remember, I took out the money myself and I know how much is in there. No treat spending." This was what Beatrice called fun money; 'treat spending'. As if it was such a treat to buy an ice cream cone. Astoria stepped toward the hearth, wishing bitterly that she had applied to their father directly for the money. He would have given Astoria whatever was on hand, (much more than what was in the purse she was holding, judging by its weight) and he would never have cared about what they spent it on as long as they came back with everything on their book list and wands that worked. The flames licked up, magically warm. Astoria reached her hand out for Daphne, who stepped in beside her and took it. It was on the tip of her tongue to dictate a destination when Daphne surprised her by doing it first. Anything to get away from the threat of overlong robes, it seemed. "Olivander's!" They landed in the darkened front sitting room of Olivander's wand shop. Astoria had never actually been inside of it before but she had passed its dusty, curtained exterior often enough to know that they had arrived in the right place. Daphne dropped her hand. All along the walls stood rows of boxes, no doubt containing wands. Daphne's expression quickly turned to one of pure awe. "Welcome!" a feeble voice called out to them from behind one of the creaky looking shelves. An aged wizard with milky eyes and an unfixed expression—presumably Olivander himself—ambled into a shaft of early morning light. "Ah, first timers!" he declared with unsettling relish. "My favorite." Daphne blushed but Astoria stared back at him unabashedly. She had waited years for a wand and the unswerving gaze of a creepy old wizard was not enough to take the edge off of her anticipation. "Yes, we're starting at Hogwarts this year. I'm Astoria and this is— " Astoria paused mid-sentence because Olivander had darted toward them with a startling, disconcerting speed. "Yes," he whispered to himself. "I know who you are. I see it now. Lestrange is it?" "Greengrass," Astoria corrected instinctually, feeling the color rise in her cheeks. "I remember your mother, Lucrezia. Blackthorn and Dragon Heartstring. Eleven inches. The ideal wand for a warrior; powerful and loyal. A pity, such a pity when a wand goes to waste. They snapped it, I presume?" Astoria had not expected this and the ill timing of her mother's name being said on the day that she was supposed to get her own first wand stopped her cold. She nodded mutely, feeling Daphne's eyes trained on her pityingly. "Perceptive!" Olivander boomed. Astoria jumped and then realized that he had been talking to her sister. "Cedar for you , I think." He beckoned them both forward. With only the slightest hesitation, they both followed. Daphne went first, trying out three wands before brandishing a fourth that emitted a multitude of pastel bubbles. "Cedar, containing a unicorn hair core," Olivander muttered to himself happily as he tied up the box. "Twelve inches. Very balanced." Astoria's choice took longer. At Olivander's insistence, she first went through a row of blackthorn wands of different sizes and cores. When that failed, he switched to apple and then, with a rather leering grin, proceeded to dogwood. When these too had disappointed, he stood for a long moment without moving, inspecting her in the same way that he might contemplate a particularly complicated puzzle. With a snap of his fingers he disappeared into the labyrinth of shelves, reappearing moments later with a blue box. Olivander opened the package in his hands and offered the wand to Astoria, careful not to touch it himself as he did so. Astoria bristled but reached into the swathing of tissue paper and took hold of the thin rod of wood it contained. The moment her hand met the polished surface of the handle, she knew that he had picked the right one at last. Astoria lifted the wand up gently and imitated the motion her father sometimes made when he wished to return book to its proper place on a shelf. A soft rainbow of gradient light