Disclaimer: Strong language that's not typical in *Actual Twilight*, brief (not entirely descriptive?) mentions of substance abuse, etc. Timeline wise (by the books) between the end of Eclipse and before the wedding in Breaking Dawn. This is bullshit , she seethes. A pang of pure guilt hits her square in the chest, and her feet - goddammit, paws - hit the ground faster and faster until it feels as though she's flying. If only. Sam. You can't run away from it forever. A guttural growl tears its way out of her throat. Watch me. At least she's cute? Shut the fuck up, Ateara. Her own mind betrays her, despite her severe attempts to quash it, and an image flashes before her eyes of a pair of big, blue eyes peering at her curiously from beneath the cover of a fitted black baseball cap. Caroline's , scrawled across the brim of it in fine lettering, covering pin-straight golden hair tied back neatly in a ponytail. ( she'd smelled like overly sweetened coffee; the very kind that Leah can't stomach without getting nauseous. now, it's all she wants to drink, ever, and the thought alone infuriates the fuck out of her. ) Wait, hold up. You went to Caroline's and didn't bring back shit for us? For a minute, she's convinced she's going to abruptly turn tail and kill the little runt. Quil, phase out. You'll take a later shift since you obviously can't keep your unhelpful thoughts to yourself. Leah can hear a displeased howl sound off in the distance. Yeah, well. Sucks to suck. The literal only decent side of having previous attachments to the pack's Alpha is that he's always a little more likely to take her side out of some deep-seated, and frankly well-deserved guilt -Leah - 1, Pubescent Assholes she has to share a mind with half the time - 0. She doesn't even have time to revel in her minor victory because things are so fucked. You expecting a thank you? 'Cause I didn't ask for this , asshole. I'm not expecting anything. It's not up to me, this is your future now. And wait for it; because nothing with Sam Uley is ever this simple, she's learned. A suggestion? I don't wanna hear it. You don't want to fight this, Leah. Isn't this what you wanted? Wanted, asked for, what she'd been desperately pleading for... Anything to get him out of her head; to fill the void he'd left in her chest. The way it used to seem, when things were still vaguely simple was that at least it'd be better to pine after her supposed 'soulmate' than the man that had left without second thought for his own. But she'd never truly expected to find her other half so close by, so soon, and she'd never considered the possibility of them being a girl. Why hadn't she? All the other imprints were. Why the fuck not. Fate's pissing itself in laughter somewhere in the beyond, she's sure. And it's all because Leah Clearwater has finally imprinted. Hurrah, hurrah. This is what you wanted, isn't it? Be careful what you wish for next time. She's still running, still angry, still so fucking confused when his voice reaches her once more: When you think you're ready to talk, you know where to find me. Piper remembers the exact, precise moment her parents gave in - gave up. Chief Swan has them sitting, waiting, praying in the tiny waiting room down at the Forks station with their collectively shaking hands wrapped around tiny styrofoam cups of heinously bland coffee. Her mother's face is pale, far paler than she can ever remember seeing it before; like the life's been sucked right out of her. She's been popping Vicodin like candy the past two weeks, or maybe it's been longer. Who knows. Her father remains purely stoic, uneffected. Piper, herself, just remembers trying desperately not to cry. Ashton is far too young for this; at least her stony father and tweaked out mother were reasonable enough to realize this and sent him off to Grandma's for an indeterminate amount of time. " When a missing person's case remains open for this long ..." The chief offers, expression thick with guilt. He scratches nervously at his moustache and averts his eyes plainly. He goes into a rather longwinded explanation, offering what few options are left on the don't sound much like options to Piper and by the way her mother grips tightly at her arm it seems the thought is mutual. It sounds like giving up. "Close it," her father says gruffly. "Dad," Piper pleads, her hands gripping her little paper cup so tightly that she's afraid the contents will come spilling out over the top. It feels like her chest is about to burst. She fixes her gaze on the police officer, desperate. Don't be dead , she thinks. Don't be dead. I don't care where the hell you are, Riley, but don't be dead. "He could've run away," she tries, meeting the officer's steely gaze. Something in his eyes is begging her to stop making this harder on all of them but she can't. "Riley's a hothead, right? Got into fights all the time, got real emotional - he could've hopped onto a bus or something. Something will turn up." Not dead , she repeats like a mantra. Please . "It's been nearly a year," Chief Swan replies, tone even, but she can see the regret he has to swallow down. "If he did run away, he doesn't want to be found." But he didn't run away , is what he doesn't say. He knows kids. And kids like Riley Biers don't stay gone for very long, if they even manage to make it far enough away in the first place. "I'm sorry. I'll - I'll get the paperwork ready to close this case, if that's what you want," his eyes flicker towards Piper's father. "Yes," he replies calmly; too calmly. His voice registers as nails on a chalkboard to Piper. "No," Piper argues, but her mother's hand gripping her shoulder tightens its hold. She glances to find a matching pair of crystal blue eyes staring back at her, pleading with her to just shut the fuck up. "He's not dead," she says, looking at the officer once more. "I'd feel it, I'd know. He's not, he can't be gone. He'll - He'll come back." "I hope so, kid," is the sympathetic response. After that, things change. Riley doesn't come back - even after several torturous months of hoping vainly. Piper's mother sticks to her little Vicodin kicks; her father does little to discourage it and instead throws himself into his work. Ashton comes back, and even he isn't left unscathed, no matter how much Piper hates to admit it. Her little brother watches her with wide eyes, as if he's always afraid that one day she'll take off too and disappear completely. With their mother off sipping wine coolers by day and going off on drug benders by night, and their father essentially non-existent at this point, Piper does her best to fill the voids left for her remaining little brother. She has to. I won't leave you, ever , she thinks, when they're at the kitchen table and she's helping him with his homework. Sometimes his hands shake around the pencil and she has to fuss with his hair the way that Riley used to until he calms down a little. His eyes are a deep brown, just like Riley's, and sometimes - though she's really not proud of it - the resemblance is a bit too uncanny to not mistake him for her other baby brother. Those are the only times she can let herself regret taking a break from school to fix her very broken family. The grief sucks in itself, but what's worse? The not knowing. The days she has off from work - at a tiny cafe aptly named Caroline's down in Port Angeles - she spends tearing down the missing person's posters still lingering between Forks and Seattle. Those days are always the longest and she always winds up bleary eyed at stop lights and stop signs. Still, she'd rather the only remnants of her brother be peaceful ones. The poorly developed pictures of him rummaging through the garbage as a toddler, or dressed as a Power Ranger on Halloween or something. Anything. Just not this ; not this painful reminder of not knowing. The people at work all know. Of course they do. Riley Biers was headline news at one point, after all. It gets tiring, the sympathy. Though, guilt runs hotly within her whenever she thinks something particularly spiteful at someone just trying to be helpful - it's not their fault, really. It's not anyone's fault. This is just what life does. But life keeps wearing Piper Biers too thin, much too thin, and sometimes it feels decidedly unmanagable. Particularly when faced with difficult customers. "The menu is up there," Piper says, pointing directly above her head. The customer, a middle-aged woman with deep lines written plainly about her mouth, scowls at her haughtily. "We can accommodate specifics if necessary." The woman opens her mouth - likely about to chew her out for her 'reprehensible attitude' and do something dumb like ask for her manager, who absolutely adores Piper, thanks very much - when an abrupt cough interrupts the scene. To Piper, it sounds like music and she smiles to herself discretely. "If you aren't going to order," the voice says a bit harshly. "Maybe step out of line." " Excuse me - ?" "I can take you over here, ma'am," Micah chimes in from Piper's left, offering her a wink. Nothing like retail solidarity. Bless Micah Howell. Piper watches, pleased, as the woman makes her way to Micah's register and her personal savior steps up. She glances curiously up at the figure, and the sort of imposing woman returns her stare blankly. "Thanks," Piper says, quiet and kind of conspiratorially. "If you're into baked goods, I can probably slide you a scone or something on the house. But, first, your order?" Her dark eyes are glazed over before her entire face registers something like shock. "Are you, um, okay?" "Holy shit, no." "Do you - " Piper feels discontentment settle in her gut. Fear? No, much less intense. Concern? "Do you need me to call an ambulance or something? Are you sick?" "No, no, no," the woman mutters mostly to herself. She fixes her eyes on Piper once more before making a dash for the exit with an impressive kind of speed. The bells above the door barely have time to chime uselessly before Piper blinks at the recently vacated space left in her wake. "What did you do?" She can hear Micah mutter from her side, bemused. Piper swallows, still staring at the door. It sort of feels like she's waiting for the woman to come running back but that's insane. Why should she want that? "I...I don't know?" She looks kind of familiar , Seth thinks; well, more like worries. The anxiety is rolling off of him in waves and Leah can hear Embry bitching about it somewhere off in the distance from his own post. She works at Caroline's , Leah dismisses him. All those hipster baristas look the same after a while. No. Like, really familiar. An image of a blond bloodsucker getting his head torn off flashes before her, his bloodied-red eyes staring vacantly towards the sky. Missing person's posters sticking to every available surface for the past year or so. Riley Biers. His pictures plastered all over the papers, the news. She sees his limp, porcelain body as it's torn to shreds. Burned. He had the same nose, same sharp cheekbones as the Caroline's girl only enhanced by the telltale leech Super Pheromones. Goddamn it. I killed him, Seth thinks, horrified. The