Soli Deo gloria DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own Hunger Games. This is a modern-day AU. ~ Katniss's POV ~ I stand out under the grey clouds, the white sky overhead, in front of my district's public high school. The knapsack on my back begins to make my shoulder ache, and I can do nothing to make my instructor get himself over in front of this high school faster. I took Haymitch Abernathy's Driver's Ed class, thirty hours of classroom time, full of talking from the cliques, the 'Careers', as they're called, cellphones ringing, and Haymitch. Haymitch coming in late, Haymitch barking, Haymitch answering questions sarcastically. Haymitch snoring, laid back in his chair, as the crowd of caged teenagers surged into commotion, and I sat in my seat in the back, quietly writing answers to the questions in the textbook, and detesting every person around me. A car approaches, and I straighten, hoping it's Haymitch. My hopes are for naught when a stern-faced woman yells at a blond-haired boy stepping out of the car. He too holds a knapsack, and doesn't say a word back to his mother. She finishes her stern yelling and he closes the door mere seconds before she drives away, leaving a pale cloud of coal-laced dust behind her as she disappears. The boy turns from the disappearing car and I recognize him, making my heart beat faster. Blond-haired Peeta Mellark, with bright blue eyes and muscular shoulders, hidden away in a dark sweater. He sat next to me in the pandemonium of class, being the only other student who paid attention on how to park alongside a curve and navigate a multi-lane highway. Every occasional time I lifted my head from my notebook, I caught him staring at me. I didn't like it then, and I don't like it now. I look away, past Peeta and the dismal, empty parking lot. Haymitch better show up. Of all the people to be paired with for driving. Peeta will have plenty of time to stare at me now; we're going to share twelve hours in a five-person car. "Is Haymitch here yet?" Peeta asks. "No," I say curtly. I keep concentrating on a stray piece of paper floating around the parking lot. If I ignore him, I stupidly think, he will stop staring at me and attempting a conversation. I don't want to get to know him and I'm sure if he knew even a little about me, he'd feel the same. I'm not open or even nice with anyone, save my little sister, Prim. Even my blonde-haired, wispy mother is hesitant to approach me and my quick, curt words. Only small Prim wins my affections; except maybe Gale. At least around him I smile, loosen a little. But Gale is eighteen, finished Driver's Ed two years ago and high school two months ago. Now he works at a drilling company; the first trip after I get my permit, I'm going to surprise Gale at his workplace. The classroom hours were testing on my patience and this driving portion will test my nerves and my ability to not murder Haymitch, but I'd rather sacrifice a few hours than wait two years to get my license to legally drive my little sister around. Prim walks around far too much for her weary legs, and my mother got tremors after my father's sudden work accident, and hasn't got her driver license anymore. The sense of dependence on a poor bike or the city bus's schedule rakes on my nerves. I was born to be dependent on no one, least of all a bus. So I paid the money and went to school and now wait in the humid North Carolina heat for my supervising adult to show up. In my opinion, no one should've let Haymitch Abernathy supervise teenagers driving huge, hulking machines. "He said five-thirty," Peeta says. I don't answer. The stray paper flies away under the sudden wind created by Haymitch's cranky, dark-colored sedan. He pulls up in front of the school and rolls down the window. Dirty, straggly, greasy hair, maybe his early-forties, riding with newcomers on the road. Haymitch has even less of a life than I do. Haymitch exhales and says, his cigarette blowing smoke at us, "Ready, kids? First day of driving. Who's going first?" Peeta looks at me and I don't look at him. "Me," I volunteer. Haymitch scoffs and parks. He holds the door open for me, saying, "Ladies first, sweetheart." I flash a look at him as I take the seat. Peeta's big frame takes up most of the backseat. His knapsack lumps against mine when I throw it back there. Haymitch takes the passenger seat and says, pointing at me, "First things first, sweetheart." I stop moving, wait for him to point out the first thing. Haymitch sighs and mutters to himself as he closes the passenger's door and buckles himself in. "Buckle yourself in. It's a pain to do, but statistics show people have a less chance of dying from a crash if they're buckled in." I do so and he says, "I have an idea. Let's stay alive; don't crash us." "I wasn't planning to," I say. "How many people die from crashes?" Peeta asks conversationally from the backseat. "A lot. See, I'm not looking forward to me dying, or any of you two dying, because then I'd have to explain to your parents that you failed your class," Haymitch says dryly. "My job is simple: keep you two alive. Don't wreck the car, either. Insurance companies aren't my favorite people to call up." I highly doubt he's anyone's favorite person to call up either. Peeta presses his lips together and Haymitch, heaving a dramatic sigh, says, "You're buckled in, sweetheart—" "Katniss," I say. Haymitch smiles, amused, and says, "Pull your chair into position. I highly doubt you're as tall as me." I pull the heavy, leather seat up. The interior of this old sedan smells like alcohol, smoke, corn chips, and dirty socks. "Do you ever clean the inside of this thing?" I mutter as I sit up straight. "Nope. Can't be bothered," Haymitch says. "I'm bothered," Peeta says, annoyed. "Feel free to taking a vacuum to it, then. Be my guest, Mellark," Haymitch says. As I adjust my mirrors, I see Peeta roll his eyes and look especially squished and pinched in the back. I smile. "Now, you're going to drive forward. Might help if you put it in DRIVE," Haymitch says, waving a hand forward. I pull into 'DRIVE' and Haymitch says, leaning forward, "Now, inch slowly forward, foot off the brake." Somehow, I bring the car to the exit out of the school's parking lot. Following some sarcastic but helpful instructions from Haymitch, I drive into the students' parking lot. The car jerks forward and the weight rolls back, causing us to shake back and forth like a bobble-head. "You better improve quick or my lunch is going to make an appearance," Haymitch says, his hand white from holding onto a car handle above his head. My hands grip the steering wheel hard and I move faster and brake hard to rock him back and forth. Haymitch says, sounding too patient, "Take a left." The next half hour is a painful punishment from Haymitch. I go in twists and turns and curves around the parking lot. My temper simmers close to the surface, but I work determinedly on keeping my turns tight and the car within the lines of the parking spaces. Peeta gets bored and opens and closes his back window, allowing in hard window currents and annoying noises. "Kid, I will tell Katniss to drive us off a cliff, and she will do it, because I have a feeling she agrees with me, if you don't stop," Haymitch growls. I hate to agree. But I do. Peeta obediently stops. "Are we allowed to turn on music, or will that cause us to fly off a cliff as well?" he says, leaning forward with a large hand planted against the back of Haymitch's seat. Haymitch is occupied with searching through the glove department. "Knock yourself out, kid," he says. Peeta and I exchange a long glance and he flips the radio on. Country music, soft guitar, longing, melancholy voice. I breathe in sharply and lean against the headrest, the tone and lilt of the voice awakening something in me. The notes, the voice, reminds me of his father, singing soft mountain airs to me as a little girls. Words of hope, life, and the past. His memory fades with everyday, and that hurts. Haymitch swigs from a flask. "Is that actually full of liquor?" Peeta asks incredulously. Haymitch screws the lid on. "It's not like I'm driving," he says, hiding it back in the glove department. "You're supposed to keep us alive, and you're drinking," I point out. "I'm not driving. Do you kids have thick skulls or something?" Haymitch wonders, tapping his fingers on the car. My chest tightens and I stiffen all over. "I feel so much more protected already, now that you've explained yourself," I say quickly. Haymitch laughs. Peeta sighs, sits back. "After all those films in class about not mixing drinking and driving . . ." "I'm not driving. And I hate repeating myself," Haymitch says. He leans forward, braces against the car. "You know all those films are propaganda, used as a scare tactic?" "I'm sure not," I say. "Half the films I showed you were about alcohol and drunk driving," Haymitch points out. "They also believe you're stupid and won't listen to me." I try to ignore every word that Haymitch says that's not about changing direction. I guide us out of the parking lot, stoic and quiet. I never touch alcohol; to become dependent on something that can transform you into a husk of a person is what I fear the most. To become someone controlled, being unable to move myself and do what I want to do. Haymitch was weak to fall for it; I can't say he's a walking advertisement for alcohol if he's what you're going to become. I keep going in determined circles, pressing my lips into a fine line and ignoring every roll of Haymitch's eyes. "Fine. I get it; I'm dizzy; go into the next neighborhood and take a right. Time for you to get onto the real road in the real world. Don't kill us, huh?" Haymitch says. "She isn't going to kill us. She's far more responsible than you give her credit for," Peeta says from the back. I ignore his compliment, wish he'd stay quiet, but I also wish to know why he said that. "Ho, ho, ho, looks like someone's being a knight in shining armor, saving her sad credibility," Haymitch says, amused. Peeta hesitates. I say immediately, "He's not my knight in shining armor. Or anyone, really." "He seems to think of you as something, though," Haymitch says, laughing to himself as he sits back in his seat. I wonder if I'll fail my class if I manage to get the airbag to blow up in Haymitch's face. We enter a poor neighborhood, the kind I'm used to and from. The houses droop and the members of the households are rimmed with poverty. Haymitch appraises the neighborhood and locks all the doors immediately. In the rearview mirror, I see Peeta leaning towards the window, his mouth slightly agape, his expression a little surprised. He comes from the better part of this district, being the son of a baker who manages a successful coffee and bake shop. I bet he's been sheltered from viewing the riffraff his entire life. Haymitch has no biting remark for this leg of our journey. He says, "Take a right," and guides me through the garbage cluttered streets to an intersection which takes me past the line dividing the rich from the poor. The road is smooth, the ride less