Soli Deo gloria DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own the Hunger Games. Here's a little AU, everyone. Hope you like! Katniss's point of view August 24th, 1940 Dear Katniss Hey. It's been a while since my last letter. I'm sorry about that. Things can get so hectic on the front lines. We've been traveling through — a lot, bordering — and heading on down to —. Oh, they're going to cut out the names, aren't they? Sorry. Only got one piece of paper. It's been all right here. As dirty as can be expected, I've been doing well with my buddies, Mitchell and the two Leegs and Jackson. Boggs is ragging us on a lot. That's fine, though, not that I like it. The food's pretty bad and scarce, and life's messy. That's expected, though, right, Catnip? Prim would shriek if she saw me. I'm always covered in mud, always tired. I've gotten a lot of guard duty. I'd say it's not a dangerous job, but any job in the army is dangerous, Catnip. Say hi to Prim for me. I'm sending a letter also to Mother. Hug the boys and Posy for me. See you as soon as I can, Catnip Gale This was written over four months ago. The mail service is so slow here. But that's to be expected. I didn't expect that Gale's next letter would be from so long ago, but I'm not surprised. Enemy lines are harsh, and with everyone running around, it's hard to make sure the soldiers' letters get sent to their proper recipients in good time. The last letters from my father are on the wooden cabinet, next to the old radio. They're faded, yellowed, wrinkled from my mother's hands clutching them to her chest as she leans back in her rocking chair and sinks into her own world. She's withdrawn from that, thank goodness; a couple of months ago. I find the burden in my chest about finding her unprepared for a blackout to lessen, now that I know she's able to get Prim to the bomb shelter when a siren blares. The last letter is the most wrinkled. The last evidence of my father's life. He died, as Private Everdeen, in a bombing. I don't even know where. I was never told. I don't even know if my mother was told. But that was nearly a year ago. Bombing. Bomb. Blackout. Air raid siren. Suddenly there is noise pounding in my ears, and I look up from my seat, Gale's letter still in my hand, and look out the window. Everything is dark outside; the air is pumped full of the alarm, blaring all over London, calling for all the lights to go out and for all the people to get to their bomb shelters. "Katniss!" I hear. Prim, my little sister, four years my junior, is racing into the room, her homespun dress rattling about her; her shoes hit the floor with thuds; her hands clutch a very disgusting, angry looking cat. "Prim, come on," I say, instantly rising from my seat. I grab the stacks of letters and catch her hand and we start running through the house; I can hear her anxious pants as we run down the stairs. The stairs has a window pane, half shaded, that reveals to me the outside. We live in the poorer slums of London, and there is so many bombs dropped around here every night. Each day, we wake up to see what part of the city has been newly decimated. I wonder now if it'll be our part as I draw the curtain back and then tug on Prim's hand. "Come on. We need to get to the bomb shelter." "Is Mother going to be there? What if she's in the house? Katniss—" Prim says. Her voice is drowned out by the sound of bombs falling. We're downstairs in an instant. The place is so bare. We have sold many of our things just to keep the house. Good. Nothing to grab and keep as we race to the bomb shelter. Nothing worth missing if it's blown up. "She'll be in the bomb shelter, Prim," I say. My voice has a soothing tone. Prim is so young and so easily frightened. I need to keep calm to keep her calm. The cat, Buttercup, lets out an impatient meow. He's half sliding out of Prim's one arm, which is trembling around his chest. I don't care. Serves the old thing right. He can just sit there and do nothing but be carried around as a burden as we run for our lives through our small garden, which is surrounded by black gates and garbage. I wrench the door to the shelter open and we fall inside. I knew it. My mother is here. She looks ghostly from the brightness of the torch she has in her hands. At her feet are supplies she has stored in here. Blankets. Coal. Lanterns. A couple boxes of crackers. Not very much food, though. Rations have gotten tougher since it's winter. January. But even two boxes of crackers are more to be happy for. "Katniss. Prim," my mother says. She joins Prim on the bed. Prim puts Buttercup down, to his relief, and starts sobbing against my mother's shoulder. Mother puts her arm around her and rubs her shoulder. I stand by the door and look at the wood. I can feel the vibrations of the bombs. I can hear them detonate. The siren is almost lost in the fight for the crowd of sound in my ears. I close my eyes and try to think what has been bombed now. The bakery? The school? The grocery store? A church? The market? Lots of people's houses. A lot of those. "Katniss, come sit down," Mother says. I know she wants me to lie down on one of the cots and fall asleep. When I watch the door, I make her nervous. "Katniss, I want to talk to you about something," she persists. "What is it?" I say. I stare at the door as hard as I can. She sighs. Hesitates for a moment. Buttercup scratches the door. If Prim wasn't crying, I might have kicked him. Mother intakes breathe. "I know we have talked about this, but I was thinking, Katniss, that the bombs have gotten worse." Another denotation. I nod. "I agree." "Then you'll understand when I say it's time to . . . to send Prim away, to the country," Mother says. I whirl around. "To the country? By herself?" "Katniss . . . she doesn't have to go by herself. You . . . can go with her." I don't want to go to the country. It'll be even more open for bombs to come. Mother says the bombs don't come to the country. I barely believe her. I want to be here where there's a shelter to flee to. Somewhere to keep Prim safe. "Katniss, so many of the other children have already gone to the country. It's better than staying here and avoiding bombs all the time." Mother's voice is firm, but hesitant. Like I'm a bomb that can go off at any time and she's trying to disable me. I turn away from the door. Prim's face is streaked with tears. But she has stopped crying. She's watching me, searching my face for an answer. I match Mother's eyes. She's got hopeful eyes, but they're so cloudy. A blue that's swirled with a cloud of fog. "I have talked with Hazelle. It'll also be Posy, Vick and Rory going out," Mother says, her voice laced with pleading. "I don't feel right, sending the four of them on their own, to navigate through the countryside. Katniss . . ." I catch Prim staring at me then. Scared eyes. Hopeful eyes. Wondering eyes. She gives a little sniff, and this digs into me. And I know. "Fine," I say. My voice is a combination of biting and finality. But Mother nods, and I go to sit next to Prim. I nearly grab her from my mother's grasp as I hold her against my chest, my hand pressed against her head. My embrace eventually causes her trembling to stop. She inhales deeply and sounds much better, almost tired, as if to fall asleep. She does, eventually. And it's only Mother and I, and that wretched cat, left to listen to the sound of the bombs destroying our town, weakening my resolve as I hold Prim close. Yes. Maybe it is better in the country. "Prim, do you have everything?" I say. She is wearing a very dark outfit, her blonde hair in braids, her arms holding an annoyed ball of fur and a little bag that was once used for storing business papers at an office. She looks so small and pale in her dark clothing. "I do," she says. "Good," I say, buttoning up my coat. A whistle is sounded, filling my ears with the sound of the train beside me. Smoke and fog curling around, making all the people around the station look like shadows in a mist. Many of them are welcoming soldiers home, all with some sort of medical discharge, or waving and hugging and kissing goodbye men who have enlisted. The amount of tears and sobbing on the platform is spine-tingling. My mother stands beside us, wearing a jacket that is threadbare. She tries not to look cold, though, as she bends down to Prim's height and straightens her jacket. Tries to comfort her with a weak smile. "You're going to be just fine in the country, Prim. You and your sister; Mr. Abernathy will take care of you both," Mother says, her voice soft. "And Posy and Vick and Rory?" Prim asks, looking behind our mother to the little group of children listening respectfully to their mother. Mrs. Hawthorne, Hazelle, looks weary but strong as she squats down to Posy's height and fixes her hat. Rory and Vick look down at her, their backs straight, trying to appear strong in front of their mother. Gale's siblings look so much like him. I'm grateful that they're going to the country too. They're next-door neighbors; I'm used to protecting them and watching over them, almost like they're brothers and sisters of my own. I turn back to Mother as she says, "Mr. Abernathy says the more the merrier." I highly doubt this old family friend of my mother's is going to be pleased with more the merrier, but my mother's lying words seem to put Prim at ease. She gives my mother a rueful smile. My mother kisses her gently on the cheek and then stands up, looking at me. "I'll take care of her," I say. "I know you will." My mother has a hopeful face. But I can't give in to her hope. She hopes we'll be safe. She hopes I can forgive her for withdrawing all those months ago. But when you're the one dragging your little sister to the bomb shelter, holding and comforting her as she soaks your dress with her tears, while she just sits there , staring off into space like all the answers can be found before her, it's hard to forgive. Part of me wants to forgive her. The other half wants to protect Prim from her. "Please write to me," Mother says, her voice desperate. "I'm going to be volunteering with the nurses in the local area, to help Mrs. Paylor with the bomb victims. I want to hear from you both. Please." I stare at her. I can't promise anything. But Prim looks at me. Prim is my weakness. She makes me nod and say, "I will." Mother's face cracks a little; I can see the glassy tears in her eyes. But there's the train's whistle. A conductor yelling, "All aboard to Sussex!" "That's the call," Mother says. She hastily kisses our cheeks again, hugs us