The Hunger Games: Forgotten Ember By the finale of the Hunger Games series, nearly all characters had found a resolution – either through triumph or defeat; discovery or loss; or simply by putting the past behind and moving on. All but one: Caesar Flickerman. The man recognized by everyone, with access to everything, yet easily forgotten behind the lights and suits and smile. We never knew what became of the Face of the Games; now we do. This story is a non-commercial work of fan fiction and claims no official connection with any other copyrighted work, characters, settings or events. All elements are the property of their respective owners. No copyright infringement is intended. 1 It's been over three hours and the Peacekeepers haven't come to arrest me, yet. Caesars' apartment – opulent in luxury, even by Capitol standards but fitting for the man known as 'The Face of the Games' over the past four decades – was now dull in shadows, shades drawn and illumination panels dimmed. While not unusual for the windows to be screened from outside view; I, Caesar Flickerman, thanks to my celebrity status, allow into my home only those eyes I invite; it wasn't uncommon at any time of day or night for fans and followers to seek out anyone associated with the Games for autographs, holo-photos or, as I learned to appreciate, women and men looking to ask, and offer, more. But tonight I did not anticipate; but rather feared, a knock – or more likely, a squad of Peacekeepers smashing in – my front door, batons at the ready and guns aimed at my head. Without forethought, I find myself now alone, afraid, and uncertain. If it weren't for the last of my vintage Merlot, that is tonight more than ever a good an opportunity to finish, I would be cowering behind the sofa, anticipating the worst. Yet tonight is only the logical conclusion to events, both within and beyond my control, of the past two years. When Katniss Everdeen – the "Girl on Fire" - along with her fellow Tribute...boyfriend? lover? co-conspirator? fellow rebel? Peeta Malark hijacked the 74th Hunger Games, willing to take their own lives rather than one another, all broadcast live in front of President Snow and the entire population of Panem, I sensed a change not only in the Games; nor by the humiliation brought upon the government; but in the feeling and tenor of all who watched. Some who felt cheated out of the climax of an ultimate kill and final victor; others who began to question - quietly, among themselves and always with doors locked and rooms secured from Capitol surveillance – that the 'Games' we have championed and cheered for longer than most of us can remember, these annual games...is all a fraud. These events, around which I have reveled in the pageant and the veneration, have been little more than the glorification of death. Not for only a few weeks every year, as all of Panem is wrapped in the selection, the training, the costuming, the gossip and ultimately the spectacle of each tribute as she and he, children all, prepare for their death. And while each passing day of anticipation grows into fever pitch as every tribute demonstrates his and her strengths and weaknesses, gaining supporters and detractors, sponsors and critics, it is my 'honor' to expose every child before a waiting public, to draw out of them their most private thoughts and hidden feelings. To parade each Tribute – a fitting name, for each march forth not as an honorable representative of her District but rather in dutiful tribute to a government that has decided the most effective way to demonstrate its power is by by forcing children to participate in their own slaughter. For those of us, a part of this deranged system, our own hands drip with blood. It's not only a few weeks, or a handful of hours, or the chilling final moments of the Games that draw our attention; it's the basis of our lives, the totality of every action taken in every year for my entire career. My life, amounting to no more than staged killing fields artificially created for the public's distraction and amusement. I deserve whatever is coming to me. And what is coming, if I can believe the reports on the video screens, is almost here. More so than most, I know the manipulation Capitol TV regularly broadcasts to the public: 'Live' video that had been created days prior and only to press forward a specific point of view; 'bystander' interviews arranged – and paid for – long before the vid-imaging is flicked on; downloaded voices virtu-synched; and videos edited, artificially enhanced or altered, and then re-edited until what the public actually sees has little to do with reality. But tonight, while the streets are in chaos, friend and foe are indistinguishable, and Panem is descending into the unthinkable, there's no time or reason for the network to show anything that isn't real. Not that 'reason' ever had much to do with broadcasting. Which, if what we're now seeing actually is real, that novel approach could ironically be unique enough to be 'news' on its own. Not that I will be there to report it. I follow broadcasts of the hover-cams, positioned by the government so not a single street is beyond view, not a doorway is obscured. Each panel of my video screen shows squads of Peacekeepers pushing relentlessly in my direction. What is the number of Peacekeepers per squad? Thirty? Fifty? I was never a student of law. In my position, there was no need to adhere to any law other than promoting the Games. Sometimes I made my own law. But, again, that's my celebrity asserting itself, deceiving me into believing that, by rights of my own self-importance, I would answer to no one but President Snow himself. And little he would know, if while narrating the games; announcing the latest deaths; or interviewing mentors and sponsors I was passing forward information to help a favorite Tribute. Or secretly sending gifts to prolong the life of a games player I wanted to last a bit longer. Or, as it turned out, broadcasting messages in favor of the rebels and their seemingly hopeless cause. While initially I had no intention of siding with the rebels, my only cause an indulgence to the curiosity of what influence I could wield in the outcome and entertainment value of the Game. The reasoning and ultimate goal of the rebels lay largely beyond my understanding. What change could a group of resentful farmers, miners, shopkeepers, and children – led , in fact, by children – plan to accomplish. In the history of Panem no rebellion well-planed nor impulsive; armed with words or weapons; has succeeded in anything other than bringing a bit more drama and variety to the next scheduled Games. But almost seamlessly I was drawn into the possibility that the Games and the privileged world I lived in was at its core warped and distorted; that, if anyone ever had a chance at bringing redemption, it was Katniss Everdeen. Which makes me a prime target for the Peacekeepers now almost at the doorstep of my building. Simply an eighteen floor elevator ride to my penthouse. Although the only elevators dedicated to the top floors are plush, small and, made of glass on three sides, intended to see and be seen, not for transporting armed officers. Even the 'public' elevators would only bring up a dozen or so Peacekeepers at a time. Possibly squads are even now scaling the stairs, an heroic and exhausting feat for most anyone living in District 1 but only a small challenge for men and women who have dedicated much of their lives to maintaining law and order through physical strength and intimidation. No, what is most likely is that a pair of hovercraft will appear outside my windows, Peacekeepers descending on ropes and taking advantage of my floor-to-ceiling glass to drop directly into my living room. Maybe they will enter with guns firing. That would be a fittingly dramatic end to Caesar Flickerman. Too bad I wouldn't survive to report it. It's always possible the Peacekeepers have been dispatched to protect me from the rebels. Perhaps President Snow, recognizing my smiling face as a more welcome and acceptable figure, has sent for me to broadcast to all Panem the enduring soundness and stability of the government, guided as always by the fair and firm hand of your President. Who better than I to affirm the benevolent strength and unselfishness of our pater familias. Who's not available to speak for himself now because he's unselfishly overseeing the murder of thousands and the destruction of all they know. Or the Peacekeepers are not focused on me (oh the vain of celebrity!), but are targeting others on this block. Among my neighbors I can count social climbers; status-seekers; name-droppers; smugglers of illegal substances; thieves too polished to be called crooks yet too vital to the governments' interests to be considered illicit. Unfortunately, for me, none of those professions have the access or ability to expose state secrets with a few carefully selected words. Or assist in an open rebellion not through overt action but simply by failing to denounce its players. In any case, now there is no more time for speculation. An explosion has just shattered my door. They are here. 2 "Caesar! Caesar Flickerman! I need those Tribute sketches in twenty minutes – every one we think is still alive. Where they came from, how many they killed, who their families are, what they've been doing since the finale of the 74th. Focus on Peter, his reaction to the death of Katniss, then move on to whoever else you think the audience wants to see. We air in forty!" Lletha Bleathsitch is technically my boss. Executive Director, Games Programming, at Capitol TV. The latest in a series of rotating-door managers who have one day shown up at the studio with an appointment from the Capitol and a mandate to keep the Games broadcasts 'fresh' and 'stimulating'. Other than a handful that could actually tell the difference between a holo-cam and a voicedoc, most have been media-clueless political manipulators who held tightly to whatever low-level insider secret they managed to overhear - such as what type illegal mustache wax President Snow uses or something of that sort - until they could leverage that knowledge into an undemanding government job. I've lost count how many bodies have sat in that ED's chair, at the outset enthusiastically secure behind the polished oak desk and insulated by stone and glass walls from whatever background they are trying to conceal. Eventually to find that illusion of protection settle into, at best, a cubbyhole where they would hide and try to be forgotten; or at worst, a temporary holding cell preparing them for their next post. Which I never knew, as once someone left that office for the last time, were never seen again. "Petta, Lletha. I think you mean 'Peeta'." "Peter, Peeta, however you want to pronounce it. The blond kid that's supposed to be an item with the Jabberjay girl, Everdeen. And put together something about Finnick Odair from 4. Everyone loves Finnick." "'Mockingjay'", I mention as I turn toward my office. "She's known throughout Panam as the Mockingjay. To all but you, apparently." But she's already parading down the hallway, giving orders to graphics to pull up some Tribute glamour shots and demanding Otha Hobard, our video librarian, put together a 'best-of' reel that will play in the background during my broadcast. No one moves any faster or more purposely than they would if they had already started those projects themselves. Which they had, long before Lletha had realized what actions Games Programming was responsible for or what jobs needed to be assigned. Some people act. Some react. Others just get in the