This is a story I presented as a gift to trippy41 for the Hunger Games Spring Fling Exchange. I truly encourage you to have a look all the amazing stories there are there, you'll definitely not regret it . I would like to thank ameiko for her amazing beta work on this story, jeeno2, salanderjade, sponsormusings and bigbigbigday006 for their total and unwavering support! For those of you who read my ongoing story, Perspectives, I truly apologise for the delay in uploading the final chapter … it is proving to be very difficult to write … however as a hint, it sort of picks up when this story ends. I hope you like this story, would love to hear what you think. Big hugs! xx I rest my head on the cool ceramic, swallowing repeatedly in a vain attempt to keep my nausea at bay. I've been in and out of the bathroom all afternoon, but I've practically locked myself inside since dinner, throwing up at regular intervals, until I'm at a stage where I'm practically dry heaving bile, and admittedly rather painfully. The Reaping is tomorrow, and like every year, upchucking any food I've ingested in the days before it is my usual reaction to its approach. "Hey Tiny, you doing okay in there?" asks Barley from behind the door "Managed to puke the slice of cake from your tenth birthday yet?" I roll my eyes and groan. There are times where I do find my brother funny, but this time just happens not to be one of them. "Come back in an hour," I spit out, "and you can go through my junk to check," I tell him as I accompany my invite with another bout of retching. "Eew, pull yourself together, bro," he replies, his tone betraying sympathy and disgust at the same time, "Naan is waiting for us on the roof, get yourself out of there." Besides my nausea inducing fear, spending the night on the roof is another yearly tradition for my brothers and me on the night before the Reaping. It started out when I was twelve, on the eve of my first Reaping. I was hysterical with terror, sobbing all day and completely inconsolable. At fourteen, Barley was at that age where he had got over his first fears, but was still living with the threat of a seemingly endless series of Reapings looming in front of him. It had not taken him long to join his tears with mine, as we clung to each other in the corner of our room which we reserved for crying after Mother's rages. Naan had taken us up on the roof that night to see the stars because he had two Reapings to go and he couldn't handle two weeping brothers just then! and it had become an annual event ever since. Naan has been free of Reapings for the past two years, but he still makes it a point to spend the night with us on the roof. He is really a rock for both of us, similar in character and temperament to Mother but able to channel these traits into support and encouragement, rather than rage and resentment. He is stern and strict with both of us, but he spurs us on and keeps us sane. Barley and I are lucky to have him, especially on nights like this, when both of us are practically falling apart in fear. I brush my teeth and rinse my mouth of the acidic taste of my vomit, and climb out gingerly from our bedroom window onto the slanting tiles of our roof. Naan has laid out blankets and pillows, as well as a basket of leftover cupcakes from today. The lights in the kitchen are still on but Mother is already in bed, I guess to calm down after the yelling session Barley and I were subjected to earlier this evening. We were called useless, ungrateful, cowards, careless and rude, presumably her way of saying goodbye, just in case . Her words don't really affect me anymore – I stopped taking offence at what she yelled at me years ago. As we settle down on the roof and start sharing a bottle of cider, Delly Cartwright, my best friend and neighbour, comes out on her porch and waves to us. "Heard you up there," she calls out softly, "still keeping up the family tradition?" "Hey Dells," I reply with a small smile as I shift my body to look down at her. "Would you like to come up here with us?" I notice that she's looking pale, and her eyes are puffy and worn. Like me, she definitely needs some distraction. To my surprise, she shakes her head with a rueful smile. "Thanks, but I can't," she replies. "Nate…is not doing too well. I think I'll just stay with him, and get him through the night." I understand enough not to push her. At thirteen, her brother has many, many Reapings in front of him. Of course he's not doing too well. No one in Panem between the ages of twelve to eighteen is doing well tonight. Taking into account the state of mind of both the possible Tributes and their loved ones, one can safely assume that the Panem outside of the Capitol is a pretty wretched place to be in until tomorrow evening. "And how are you holding up?" I call down softly. Delly's smile falters and I see that her eyes shine with unshed tears. "I'm scared, Peeta," she replies in a small voice. I swallow back a lump in my throat. "Yeah, me too," I rasp, "but tomorrow night this will be over, okay? We'll hang out at my house, Dad will make his usual feast of cookies," I add, trying to channel some certainty in my voice. It's almost impossible to think of a tomorrow night without envisaging all sort of loss. Someone from our District is about to be sacrificed to the Capitol. It's not something that can be forgotten with a plateful of my Dad's stuff. "Good luck, Delly!" chimes Barley from behind me. "Don't worry too much, we'll make it again this year!" he adds encouragingly. He is at this last Reaping, scared like the rest of us but also almost giddy with relief. I feel envy and resentment as Delly and I share a look of understanding before she waves again and crosses back to her house. I move to settle down on the blanket but Barley did not miss the look that Delly and I gave each other. "You'd better not give me crap," he snaps angrily. "It's not like I didn't have my own share of Reapings. I started two years before you!" I turn my head and fix my stare on a ruffled corner of the blanket I'm sitting on. He's right of course. I'm being very unfair to him. "I know, Barley, and I'm sorry. But I have three more Reapings to survive, and I want to be in your place right now," I reply. "Don't mind him," Naan interjects as he lies on his back, staring at the starlit sky. "He was just like you on the night before my last Reaping. Shut up, Barl," he adds as our brother moves to protest. We lie down in silence for a few minutes, all of us engrossed in our thoughts. I think of tomorrow, of the day after, and of the day after that. Technically, the odds are not badly against me, at least when I compare myself to the eighteen year old Seam boys who have been adding on their names over and over again to avoid starvation for their families. I should survive tomorrow, only then, I'm not really sure what I am supposed to be doing after that. I have less than two years left at school, and then the huge emptiness which being the youngest of three brothers brings with it. I don't really know how to do much besides baking, frosting cakes and painting. I do moderately well at school, and maybe if I really set my mind to it, I might perhaps get an administrative job at the Justice Building. For obvious reasons though, openings there are few and far between. Ever since I started to fill in my brothers' t-shirts, Dad has been casually asking around other tradesman and merchants if they would be willing to apprentice me, but no tradesman in Twelve manages to have any sort of business that would require anyone other than their sons to work for them. A future in the mines looms ahead of me, and more and more often I find myself taking deep gulps of air as if they were my last, as I paint the sky in all its shapes and forms while trying to keep the nightmares of darkness at bay. Increasingly often, I find myself wondering, just like Mother, what exactly my use in this world is. My glum thoughts are, as often is the case, interrupted by my middle brother. "Tiny, you're too quiet. Talk!" he cries as he punctuates his last word with a kick in my shin. "What the hell do you want me to talk about?" I reply with gritted teeth. "Since when is finding something to talk about a problem for you? Stop worrying about tomorrow and tell me something good," Barley answers. When I fail to reply, he blows out a deep breath and munches noisily a cookie. "It's going to be someone from the Seam," he mutters, "it's always them. By the time they're your age, they don't even bother to count how many times their slips are in there anymore." My heart sinks. And my lungs refuse, just refuse, to breathe for a very painful moment. "Twenty," I gasp before I can stop myself. "What?" "Nothing. Nothing!" "What are you talking about?" Barley insists, while Naan sits up and gives me a reproachful look. He's always been too intuitive for his own good. "It's Katniss, isn't it?" he asks gravely, "she's the one with twenty slips, and you know that because you've been counting." I turn away, my cheeks burning in shame. "Peeta." "Shut up." Barley stares at me incredulously. "Are you seriously still hung up on the Everdeen girl?" he demands. "Don't you even feel slightly pathetic?" You have no idea… Naan moves awkwardly on the slanting tiles and tries to come between me and Barley. "You're not helping, you asshole, " he hisses at him before slumping down next to me. I steel myself for his usual pontificating lecture but his tone is surprisingly mild. "Peeta…it's been a long time, and you've never even spoken to her," he begins gently. "What exactly are you waiting for? What exactly are you crushing over? A figment of your imagination?" My brother makes a very valid point. The butterflies in my stomach that make their appearance every time I think about her beg to differ though. "I know," I whisper almost unintelligibly. "It's just that we don't really have any reason to talk to each other, so it never happened." Naan looks at me sceptically. "You're in school together, you're the same age, she trades with Dad, don't you think those are good enough reasons?" he asks. He is right of course, but there is one insurmountable reason for never having the courage to speak to her at school. This reason is a dark, grey-eyed, handsome giant boyfriend who towers over me and who can pretty much shoot my eyes out if they happen to linger on Katniss for more than two seconds. I'm not going to tell my brothers this – there are only so many levels of low which I will allow myself to sink into before them. And it's not like I haven't noticed other girls – I spend most of my waking hours looking and thinking about girls. It's just that …I compare most girls