This is my first ever attempt at an AU submitted as part of the Prompts In Panem AU Challenge (Day 3). I hope you like it! A story of forbidden love between a Knight and a local maiden, on a barren island besieged by the army of the Crescent Moon. Malta – Summer 1565 " Waqa' Sant' Iermu! Waqa' Sant'Iermu!" I hear a familiar voice scream as I tend to the wounded in the Church of St Lawrence in Birgu, our most populated city which hosts the Grand Order of the Knights of St John, and which has been for the past four weeks under siege by the Ottoman. Fort St Elmo has fallen. And with it Fra Mellark – Peeta, I correct myself forcefully. He wasn't Fra Mellark to me any more, not since that night just six weeks ago. He had come to me in the middle of the night, telling me of the garrison of forty-thousand man sailing towards our island from Constantinople, ready to fight the five hundred Knights stationed in Malta. It was a lost battle, a lost war, because even with an army of Italian and Spanish soldiers and mercenaries, as well as the thousands of Maltese volunteers who had stepped forward to assist the much detested Order, the defence did not number more than six thousand. I'll die in St Elmo¸ he had sobbed in my arms. I'll die without having showed you how much I love you... My strangled cry is interrupted by the sight of my friend Gale, whose voice had announced the fall of the fort just across the harbour from Birgu. He is storming into the Church, soaking wet and bloodied and carrying his younger brother, Rory, in his arms. He hands over the young man to Father Haymitch, the kappillan of the Birgu parish, who proceeds to lay him down on the Church floor, as he thoughtfully looks at him in silence for a few seconds. He calls my sister Primrose to come to his aid and Gale visibly deflates in relief. Father Haymitch does not bother calling a healer to a wounded person's aid if there was no hope for improvement. Had Rory been doomed, he would have stepped in himself and administered the Last Rites directly. I turn to Gale and start questioning him urgently. "What happened Gale? How did you get out? Who survived? Who made it out of there?!" Gale looks taken aback at the vehemence with which I bombard him with questions, but does not question my state of mind. God knows that we are all at our wit's end. "It was hell, Katniss," he tells me with a pained grimace. "Grandmaster La Valette refused to let us surrender. He would not let St Elmo fall until all lives were lost defending it. One of the captured Janissaries confessed under torture that Dragut's plan had been to capture St Elmo in a couple of days, to then take over St Angelo and St Michael within the month. La Valette used to send us reinforcements at night from across the Great Port, but in the circumstances, the fact that we managed to defend the fort for four weeks is in itself a miracle." He paused and gulped the ladle of water that Johanna, a young feisty woman from neighbouring Bormla , who was assisting Father Haymitch and my mother in the makeshift hospital that he set up in the Church with the hope of assistance from San Lawrenz . "Only nine of us managed to swim away to safety," Gale continues after quenching his thirst. "The Knights did not make it, their heavy armour cost them their lives. Obviously they overlooked the fact that they wouldn't be able to swim in armour, when they denied it to us," he explained rather smugly. " Biżżejjed Gale," I growl. Enough. I cannot bear to think of Peeta drowning, pulled down by his armour, trying desperately to breathe and swim to shore ... The overwhelming emotions of terror and devastation must be showing clearly in my expression because Gale is looking at me, with a puzzled expression. "Dragut lost eight thousand men in taking St Elmo, and I know that in the meantime, the Order has fortified St Michael and St Angelo even more. Not all is lost, Katniss," he adds, in what he thinks must be a reassuring tone. Johanna grabs a damp cloth and wipes it across his face. I glare at her. "Water is to be used only for the cleaning and the disinfecting of wounds," I remind her sternly. "You are to wash your hands before tending to any open wound, and you are to place any metal instrument in boiling water, just as Fra Mellark teaches – taught us," I finish as my voice falters. Water is scarce, damn it. It should not be wasted in wiping foreheads of young men who seem to have survived unscathed. I wince inwardly at my callousness. Gale is a dear friend, and I know that I should feel happy and relieved at his escape, but my despair at Peeta's death takes over any attempt to be the loyal friend that Gale Hawthorne has always found in me. Until now. Johanna scowls at me and decorates her answer with a few choice Maltese swear words that seem to include a clear reference to my grandmother's private parts. I ignore her. Tending to the wounded and the sick was the main reason behind the founding of the Order hundreds of years ago in Jerusalem, and until the invasion of the Turks, Peeta was the Knight who managed the infirmary in Birgu as Chief Surgeon. Since the invasion in May, however, the Knights have been too busy fighting to tend to their wounded, and Peeta had to let go of his medicine and gauzes to grab a sword and fight for the freedom of a land that is not his home, while forming a part of an Order he had not wanted to join, and which he does not really believe in. In fact, Fra Mellark, a Knight in the Order of St John since he turned eighteen five years ago, was chosen and promised to the Order by his parents immediately following his birth. This is a common practice in most European noble families whose wealth and land do not provide an inheritance to the second son. The younger sons are either sent off for priesthood in Rome, or are promised at birth to the Order to fight the enemies of the Cross, and to heal the wounded and the sick in the name of God. I met him a year ago, when he was brought to my mother by Fra O'dair for the treatment of severe sunburn. My mother had applied salve to his fair skin, which in the first few days of his arrival to Malta had turned bright red and was punctured with painful boils. She also gently and reverently reminded him to always wear his feathered hat while walking the streets in the hot hours, at least until his pale skin got used to the scorching sun that burns our islands for most of the year. To everyone's surprise, he had been respectful and grateful to my mother, and had even joked on the blessings of the Maltese in having such strong, beautiful, dark skin. I had tried to ignore the fact that he was glancing at me shyly while making that statement. In fact, I had looked away and reminded myself of all the reasons why I hated him and all that he represented with his black tunic and the white eight-pointed cross sewn upon it. The Knights of the Order of St John ruled over us Maltese with an iron hand that bordered on cruelty. They did not speak to us except to order us, to make us move out of the way, or to condemn us to a public flogging. They do not speak our language, but as with every ruler that took over our islands since the dawn of history, we were expected to know theirs. This is both unfair and ridiculous. Many Maltese did not have the means or opportunity to learn to speak any of the eight languages of the eight different Langues making the order. However, I do speak a spattering of French, just enough to communicate with him. Besides being the local healer, my mother was also the bastard child of a French Knight who regarded the vow of chastity in the Order with enough frivolity to visit a local prostitute enough times to conceive her. Surprisingly, my "grandfather" had somehow managed to keep some contact with his daughter, and through his sporadic visits during her childhood she learnt enough French to be able to get by with the Knights that represented the Langue of Provence, like Fra Mellark and Fra O'Dair. She has also inherited his light eyes, which she has passed on, together with her aptitude as a healer, to my younger sister Primrose. I am proud to say that I inherited no sign of French nobility, and am happily and thoroughly Maltese from head to toe. I am short and dark with the regular strong features of the Mediterranean race. There is nothing remarkable about me, but as all islanders, I come alive with the sea and the sun. In fact, Prim often remarks that I look radiant after a swim, glistening wet with the clear droplets of water covering my body as I reflect the sun's rays. We Maltese have been conquered by many different peoples through our history, who have also sought to leave a trace of them behind. My mother says I look Phoenician, while she says that Gale looks Greek. However in my opinion, with our dark looks and grey eyes, we just seem to look the same. On the other hand, Fra Mellark has always managed to turn a number of heads whenever he walks around the streets of Birgu, not only because he is courteous and polite to us natives, but also because his pale skin and ash blonde hair are a true novelty in this land. Fra Mellark seems to carry around the sun with him, and I know that many local girls have very often wished that he did not follow the vows of Obedience and Chastity so rigorously. I never admit to anyone that I have carried that same desire ever since meeting him. Following our first meeting however, and to my secret, and very confused, delight, Fra Mellark began to regularly visit our small apothecary shop, always finding a very valid excuse to do so. At first it started off by wanting to thank Mother for the "miraculous" salve, followed by a desire to discuss indigenous healing herbs, and to share advice on the proper administration of medical care, including the highly controversial, and in our eyes excessive, use of water in a land that does not experience any sort of rainfall from early May to late August. It was not long before it became clear to both of us that our desire to spend time together was not merely the result of a mutual interest in medical care, especially since in my case, my talent in healing was rudimentary at best. Our walks became longer, our gazes more lingering, and our quiet moments more intimate, but Fra Mellark was very careful in not causing any sort of suspicion to befall upon us. His behaviour with me was always impeccable, and he was well aware of the punishments inflicted by Grandmaster Jean Parisot de la Valette if he were to discover any sort of questionable relationship between one of his Knights and a native girl. All caution was thrown to the wind though when la Valette decided that God was asking Fra Mellark to volunteer to defend St Elmo. That night he became Peeta to me as we clung to each other